Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
What up, what up? It's Witt here, and this episode is brought to you by Fuego Box.
Fuego Box goes out and finds the best hot sauces from all around the world and sends them to you.
Three new sauces every single month. I was never a hot sauce guy until I got sent one of these.
It's legit.
Gets me going now. They also offer it as a gift. And if you want to give it to someone,
this is the time where you got to get those Christmas presents out. I know this is very
close, but you could still get this done. These sauces take tobacco, sriracha, franks,
or whatever you normally use to a new level. It really is legit stuff that I love. Instead of just adding pure heat to the food,
the sauces Fuego Box sends add a lot of flavor with a nice kick.
Who doesn't need one of those?
They sent us a few sample boxes, and like I said, they're incredible.
Stoolies get a 10 discount.
Just go to FuegoBox.com and use the code CHICKLETS for 10 off your first box.
You will enjoy it, I'm watching it fall
This world, I love people around
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 10 of Spittin' Chicklets
Brought to you by Barstool Sports
Say hello Ryan
What's going on?
Say hello Michael
Hello, hello
Good morning everybody
First off, I want you to check out the Barstool Sports Store.
We do have some new Spittin' Chicklets T-shirts available.
We got three different shirts available, including the infamous Gas and Beers and Chuck and Knox is finally available.
Which I've never really done, but it sounds like it'd be a badass thing to do.
Yeah, I got a couple on there.
Maybe once or twice.
Maybe once or twice you had to do that.
So we got T-shirts available, so definitely check those out.
Coming up in a little bit, we do have another guest on.
We're on a hot streak with former players as guests.
We have Patrick O'Sullivan coming on.
Patrick O'Sullivan, probably a name you remember a few years back.
Played with the Kings, played with the Oilers, with Carolina for a little bit.
And his name kind of went away after he stopped playing,
but then you probably heard his name a couple years ago
as he released a book.
Ryan, do you want to?
Yeah, where he, Pat went into detail about the abuse he took growing up as a kid,
and I actually was kind of there for a lot of it, believe it or not.
I mean, I played, I first saw and met pat when um he was 13 playing against a bunch of
15 year olds at the u.s select festival he was always like just an amazing player and and then
you know you never really understood what was going on people had always heard things but to
actually read his story uh and i ended up playing with him in edmonton for a little bit and never
knew the you know what he actually went through the depth of it just just the fact fact that he made it to that level going through what he did, and he's written
it in the books called Breaking Away.
It's his story about basically his entire life with his dad, who certainly, if anything,
hindered him so much in the fact that emotionally it was just really hard for him to get by
a lot of things.
So I think he's open to talking about it, and it's good.
I'm looking forward to it.
Yeah, it won't be the cheeriness of Colby Armstrong or Mike Carman,
but it's a different topic, and it's certainly one worth talking about.
It's not a subject a lot of people like to talk about,
but I think by talking about him, it does help people who may be going through
something that they can't share with somebody.
So if we can help somebody out by doing that today, that would be ideal.
So we're going to have Patrick on in a little while.
But first, we're going to jump into the NHL stuff.
And last night, the great Jaromir Jaga, who I believe you dismerged on the show a couple weeks ago.
Yeah, this is kind of unfortunate.
Yeah, kind of shit time, Ryan.
I probably should have figured that he was going to end up tying Messi.
The real thing is, Gretzky has his own record.
Gretzky has, by the way, I think we've said before, he has more assists than anyone else has points.
I think I read last night, like Jaeger could have another 12-year Hall of Fame career in addition to this one.
And he still would have kept it.
So it's kind of like, Messier is kind of like the fake list where he's now like you know besides this one guy who no one will ever even can get
close to well now it'll be jagger it's yeah it's i mean so it's like you look you look at like
of all the amazing players and all the you know mark messi just so many different superstars that
have played the game and and yags is above them all, except for the great one. So it just shows, like, I mean, this guy, he just still gets it.
I don't even  you don't think he's going to play next year?
You think it's his last year?
Well, someone will sign him.
Vegas will smash him in Vegas.
You know what?
You're right.
The casino host is like, our white whale's coming back.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
They do not need to end up in Vegas, but he'll play next year.
They'll have his playing, like, in a casino like Don Rickles.
He'll be like, better it happens down here than up there.
Don Rickles, that's an ass.
I don't know him.
Yeah, he'll be like, I need Macca.
I need Macca.
He said in his postgame presser that he wants to play until he's 50.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
He's not done until no one will give him a contract.
So I wonder if he'd even go back to the KHL. He can get a deal there. Well, I was going to say, he might not be's not done until no one will give him a contract um so even if i wonder if he'd
even go back to the khl he can get a deal there well i was gonna say he might not be able to get
a well he could he might get an nhl deal but yeah regardless of whether it's an nhl deal yeah he's
gonna play till he's 100 you know i mean whatever league it is he's just gonna continue to play
but if you're a gm and and you hate to even like it's almost sacrilegious to say it but
you know if you're a g in this league, you know,
as much as a legend he is and all the points and everything, you know,
he's a 44-year-old guy who's definitely lost a step.
I mean, you know, speed is the name of the game.
I mean, I have more, I said it that day when I said he was done.
I have, the guy's like a childhood legend.
I've always thought he's one of the greatest players of all time.
It's just now, it's over.
He has three assists last night.
Exactly right.
It's like never really over.
It's just over time, and you watch a lot of Florida games.
You're just like, all right.
Yeah, he's still getting it done out there,
but it's obvious he's going to pass Messier.
He's going to be number two all time,
and no one's going to touch Gretzky. And I
think we had mentioned this before. The unfortunate thing
about Gretzky, for American
viewers, is we barely got
to see Wayne Gretzky play. I mean,
most of what we saw in Wayne Gretzky were highlights
on back when SportsCenter used to play
and regularly play
NHL highlights. So, you know, there's just
so many goals of Gretzky you didn't
see because there really was no direct TV. There was no, you know, center ice package in the 80s. So there's just so many goals of Gretzky you didn't see because there really was no direct TV.
There was no center ice package in the 80s.
So at least we've been able to see a lot of the end of Messier's career,
but basically all of Jaga's.
And I know people speculate, like we all do as sports fans,
well, what if he didn't go to the KHL those few years?
How many points would he have?
Greg Wyszynski pucked that.
He actually did a really in-depth article on that
and kind of crunched the numbers of what he would have done if he stayed here.
Well, you've got to think.
I mean, at that point, he probably could have averaged 70,
at least 65 to 85 on those three years.
I think it would be a little bit closer than when you read the article.
It's a little bit closer than you'd think.
But anyways, hats off to Yags, who, again, continues to get it done.
And Christ, he's my age.
He's going to be 45 in February.
Jesus Christ.
You guys are the same age.
That means I'm going to be fucking 45 in February.
That's ugly.
That's ugly.
You don't look a day over 50, though.
Jesus Christ.
In the same game, though, we got a little humor.
What's his name?
Marcus Foligno.
Oh, God.
That was classic.
That's like, I am That was classic. I don't
know Marcus at all, but that's like,
there are girls I know
watching this game. I'm in a fight which
automatically is going to be
viral.
If I'm also fixing my hair before
the fight, I'm going to just be beating
him off with a stick.
And Kevin Weeks, like you said on NHL Network, I think the clips just be beating him off with a stick. And Kevin Weeks,
like you said on NHL Network, I think the clips
on Twitter, it's kind of gone semi-viral.
He's just
dying laughing as he's just fixing
his mop before he chucks him with
Sean Thornton, who was laughing at the end of it
also. Yeah, if you didn't see it, it's
Sean Thornton, our friend of the program who we haven't
had on yet, and Marcus Foligno
about to scrap.
And Foligno just does this insane hair flip during the fight before he squares up. Looks great.
Two hair looks great.
And those guys were getting ready.
I mean, they were dancing for a minute before they went at it.
It wasn't the best fight.
I think Thornton, I don't, I mean, Marcus Foligno,
I don't think he really is usually fighting guys like Sean Thornton.
I think Thornton was like, I don't,
it looked like he wasn't even trying to really hit him that hard,
or they both were just kind of throwing each other.
I don't know what it was, but it was just a pre-Christmas tussle.
I think that hair flip just changed the whole complexion of the fight.
The hair flip had Thornton laughing too hard.
He's like, I'm just going to tackle this kid.
And even when they went down,
you could see Thornton kind of give him a pat on the neck there.
They kind of had a little bit of a chuckle there,
but it was a great scene.
What do you have waiting for you in Fort Lauderdale after this one,
when you're throwing your hair back like that?
Some rocket.
Oh, God.
It was funny things.
Check it out.
Go to Barstool Geordie's Twitter.
It's on Barstool Sports, too.
Spitting Chicklets retweeted it as well.
Spitting Chicklets at Stool Chicklets.
Kevin Weeks was watching the NHL commentary guy on TV,
and he had a hilarious reaction to the hair flip.
And then even Nick Foligno mentioned, like,
as in all the brother, I don't know what to say on that one.
Yeah, it was funny stuff.
One of those goofy little stories that makes the NHL fun to watch.
Another story last night, Andrew Cogliano of the Docs.
738
straight games. He's obviously
the current Ironman in the league.
Dude, how the fuck do you play 738
games in this league? I play with Cogs
and he does not play
a soft, easy game. He's a penalty killer.
Yeah. Walks a ton of shots.
Really has turned
himself into an elite
second, third line guy in the NHL
ever since he was traded from Edmonton.
And you look at Sam Gagne, same thing.
A lot of those guys, the way Edmonton was run, it just wasn't working,
and they flourished once they moved on.
Cogs has just been so valuable to Anaheim.
And he's one of my favorite ex-teammates.
You've never met a guy that doesn't love him.
He's hilarious hilarious really good guy
cares about the team professional some so someone for me to say that i was proud to play with him
after seeing like i mean to not miss a game in your pro career and at the same time my good friend
keith yandel he hasn't missed a game yeah he was so when you see those iron man streaks and
especially for someone like me who i couldn't stay healthy i was i was a bubble boy i couldn't
there was no chance i wasn't missing games.
I don't know if that's just me being soft as shit or if I was just born with that.
So when I see guys that just never got hurt and never missed games,
whether it's a groin, broken foot, it amazes me, really.
Well, it's a tremendous amount of luck, I think, more than anything,
because injuries are just typically bad luck.
Yeah, there's a lot of bad luck in it,
and then there's a lot of, I mean,
how you take care of yourself.
That stuff does matter, but in the end, you do have to get lucky.
Right.
I mean, I think back, like...
How has he never caught a random puck to the foot or a random slap shot,
and you get a break of bone in your foot.
You're out three weeks.
No matter what, you had nothing to do with you.
That's just the luck in it, but you also know that he's played through a lot of pain.
It's like guys who play 20 years and never lose a tooth.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, Keith Kachuk, and then he lost a tooth.
Bingo.
He's a guy.
I don't know if it was Tarkin or someone who played,
like literally one of those tough guys played, never lost a tooth.
But, yeah, I was thinking of Kachuk, the poor guy,
played 15, 17 years or whatever, never lost a tooth.
And then two months before he retires, I think he took either a puck or a stick.
It was a puck, and it was like four teeth.
Yeah, he lost a whole upper row of chiclets.
And not only that, like, did you lose your teeth?
It was ridiculous, the painful.
I mean, obviously, you lose your teeth, it hurts.
But he had to get, like, multiple surgeries well after he retired to get everything fixed.
It was like, you know, he had to pay the price.
You'd rather probably do that early in your career than after you're done.
But what did you see?
And we said the record's Doug Jarvis at 964?
964, I think we said.
It's 964, and he played from 1975 to 1987, 12 years.
That's fucking crazy.
I couldn't go out. I could go out...
I'm knocking it three times with your right hand.
Knock on wood.
He could easily break this.
What is that? So he needs what?
He needs 230 more games?
At least a couple more seasons.
I don't know. That's a lot of hockey.
Yeah, but he's in striking distance.
Yeah, he's definitely there.
The last guy who was this close,
I'm not sure off the off my head. Who was
Mike Gartner? He was another big Iron
Man who played for a long time.
But yeah, you need
a tremendous amount of luck, obviously, for that
to happen. But anyways, shout out
to Andrew Cogliano for
being the Iron Man. Shout out, Cogs.
We've been accused a little bit of East Coast bias
here at Spit and Chicklets
perhaps because we are an East Coast-based show.
Because we're mass holes?
Yeah, we are definitely mass holes.
So we're going to talk about a Western Conference team,
and right now everybody from Chicago is getting their hopes up.
But unfortunately, it's the Minnesota Wilds.
I lost last night to Ottawa.
That was a tease for Chicago.
Listen, we're going to talk about the Blackhawks,
the people who are chirping us about it.
Honestly, when we have Chief on, that's what we want to talk about.
And also the Blackhawks, they're like the Patriots.
No one else wants to.
Every year they're unbelievable.
Oh, the Blackhawks are good.
Oh, wow.
Someone the other night said, are the Blackhawks good again this year?
I'm like, yeah, no, they're bad.
Yeah, they're good again.
They just keep plugging in guys around the core, just like the Patriots.
And that's why you don't really  you talk more in the playoffs
when they're going to be in the hunt.
We'll break them down when we have Chief on.
So calm down, Cox fans.
We'll get to your good team that everybody is aware about.
But right now, the Minnesota Wild, the team I have kind of picked on
over the years a little bit as kind of a nondescript team
with not a lot of personality or very vanilla.
Well, they've won eight in a row.
They're second in the conference in the Western conference in points, man.
We've talked about it before on the show, but Devin Dubnik, man, that's,
that's a case of a guy finally find the right situation, a goaltender who,
you know, kind of bottomed out with a couple of, well, not really good teams.
You get the Minnesota. And I mean, he's a, he's a, I mean,
he's a consistent Vesna candidate. If he's not actually a named a candidate,
he's certainly worthy of it.
But I mean,
it's like they're finally kind of putting it all together right now.
Right.
Yeah.
And you just,
it's,
it goes back to Bruce Boudreaux.
Everywhere he goes,
they lose in the first round.
Well,
that it's like,
yeah, there's two stories to Bruce Boudreaux,
right?
But he goes to places and there's immediate success.
Yeah.
It's regular season success and he hasn't had too much playoff success.
But, I mean, Washington made it.
Did they make it to the second round?
Did they make it to the  they didn't make it to the East Coast final.
No, he never got out of the first round.
No, they made the second round 100 one year.
Washington did.
Okay.
100.
Yeah, they actually  no, they did.
They made it far.
But either way, he's never gotten to the Stanley Cup.
But he's turned around Minnesota.
And when we talked about free agent signingss we mentioned eric stall yeah i mean he's been great
uh they got chris stewart playing well who's a guy who's always had skill and toughness he was
in anaheim and st louis he's playing good for him what about charlie coil you skate with him at all
i know he's a south shore kid i i know charlie a little bit machine this dude like he's in the
he's like drago in the gym.
He's constantly in there.
When I was still playing, I'd be working out where he does.
He's in there an hour before, staying an hour late, skates every day.
I don't know if he drinks.
Basically, maybe he drinks now.
He's a very professional, hardworking guy who's just shown that he can play, too.
I mean, he's big, skilled, fast.
He's fitting nice there.
I mean, he was originally drafted by San Jose.
And then the big Brent Burns trade, they sent Coyle and I believe Devin
Setaguchi to Minnesota in that trade.
And that's one of those trades where obviously he worked out much better
for San Jose.
And that's not a knock on Charlie, obviously.
It's just how good Brent Burns turned out to be.
Thornton says he's the best player in the world.
They knew he was good, but I don't know if San Jose knew he was going to be this good.
But back to Minnesota, yeah, you know, Eric Stollick,
the, was it, all right, Hamilton question last week mentioned,
you know, he probably is one of the better free agent signs.
He's leading, you know, 10 goals, 15 assists, 25 points.
This guy, like I said, finally putting it together.
It just seemed like a team that they've been around for a long time,
but they just don't have this kind of personality, I guess.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I mean, they have the personality of a defensive team.
They've been to some Western Conference finals.
But, yeah, in the end, you're never afraid of them, really.
Right.
And this is all happening, actually, this year with Parisi having a down year.
I know he's battled injury a little bit, but to have him, what is he, five or six goals, I would say?
Five goals, eight assists, six points.
Yeah, so you know he's going to get going at some point.
So they're a team that's going to be, if they don't win a first-round matchup,
they're going to give your team a good series.
Yeah.
And maybe that's been the case with them before,
but I think this year there's a little more excitement there.
In the way you build
a reputation or personality is by
having a playoff run. Until they
do that, they're going to have this...
I hate to pick on them, but it's
almost like a nondescript personality because
they're not
a team you fear right now. Obviously,
if you play them, you go into that city
as a player, you're going to get a game.
But just as a fan from another city,
you just kind of shrug your shoulders sometimes
with the Minnesota Wild. Their jerseys suck.
Those Christmas colors are brutal.
You know, you don't like the whole two-for-one logo thing?
No, I don't. It's like the cat head
with the nighttime
wild scene in it, no?
Are you aware of what I'm talking about?
You know how it's shaped like a leopard's head or a cougar's head or something?
Yeah, no.
I mean, I know the sense of what you're saying.
Maybe it's the colors I don't like.
Yeah, I mean, the Wild, that came out when the trend for names was like,
you know, non-plural and things that don't end in S.
You know, when that became the trend, like, yeah, after the Miami Heat.
The Lightning.
Yeah, the Lightning.
It was like, do you know how the Lightning got their name?
Well, Phyllis Bozzito.
But do you know the story?
I actually read his autobiography.
I love that, Bozzito.
Yeah, he's kind of lunatic.
It wasn't the deepest book I ever read.
He actually was looking out during one of those Florida thunderstorms out over Tampa Bay.
And it was just a lightning storm.
And it was like, if you've ever seen it, they're awesome to watch.
And just a lightning cracking across the sea.
And he's like, okay, Tampa Bay lightning.
Literally, that's how he fucking named the lightning, because of a lightning storm.
And then he asked the dog what he thought, and he barked.
He's like, yep, got it.
Good, that's it.
That's it.
I'm almost sure you told that story before i probably did i almost i mean 100 but i i always
appreciate when i fucking have like one like you know 44 year old person alzheimer's like i
definitely repeat myself all the time that's what happens when i'm on 19 different fucking shows i
can't keep track of but yeah i just kind of i'm sorry so yeah sorry no but it's
like it's just such a like an innocuous name like lightning is a naturally occurring thing everywhere
who you know like it's just i don't know it's not specific to florida so all right well we're gonna
be bringing on uh patrick o'sullivan shortly so sit tight and here we go all right now we are
pleased to welcome uh patrick o'sullivan patrick was Patrick was nice enough to join us here on Spitting Chicklets.
Bud, how are you?
How have you been?
Doing well, man.
Busy, doing lots of new stuff.
I moved to Toronto from Florida a few months ago to do some radio stuff with TSN and doing Leaf games and stuff like that.
So trying to get used to the cold weather again.
I was going to say, you're going to hate yourself in about a month.
Oh, dude, no more golf.
You already have a ton of snow.
It's unbelievable.
Oh, and the golf, man.
You're fucked.
I know.
I know.
I was playing.
I played so much golf the last two years.
And I know the next time I play, I'm going to feel fucking terrible out there.
Exactly.
So listen, first, before we get into a couple other things i want
to commend you for how you're willing to attack trolls on twitter you are you are you're someone
that's really you you love you kind of thrive on getting into these things huh well there's
there's a couple layers to it so i guess guess, first of all, I didn't have Twitter until maybe six, eight months ago. I never had any social media, not when I was playing. It just frankly never interested me. And it really doesn't either. But now, I guess, either. But when my book came out, my publisher wanted me to get it for a number of
different reasons. And, you know, long story short, I did. I ended up getting it. And it's done a lot
of things. I actually think without Twitter, I probably I'm not sure that I'd have the job that
I have, because when I retired, you know, I just I had a lot of things that I needed to do. And I
needed, first of all, to get away from hockey. So, uh, you know, I didn't communicate with a lot of people in the hockey world and having Twitter using it to do
some different things with my book, but also kind of, uh, express my opinions about the league and
different players and stuff like that. It really helped me with that stuff. But as far as the
trolls go, I think there's a lot of people that just choose to ignore them and that's fine. And believe
me, I do that most of the time as well, because you can't respond to every idiot. But once in a
while, if, if I can make a good point by totally embarrassing, or if it's something funny, then,
then I'll do it because, you know, you ignore those people, but it doesn't stop. It doesn't stop them
from continuing to do that shit. And, you know, it doesn't bother me, but there's a lot of people
who, uh, you know, especially younger people in school, like it's, it becomes something really
difficult to deal with, uh, day to day, uh, as far as bullying goes. And I do a lot of public
speaking and stuff surrounding that um that i've been able
to do because of my book and uh the different people that that has that has reached so yeah i
mean i haven't gotten in trouble yet i try to make sure i don't ever cross the line where that they
cross what's that that that they often cross you really can't cross it back you have to exactly
i think i'm smart enough to know that so it is what it is i think it's funny yeah i mean i would attribute a lot of it and and i certainly
don't get as much of it as you've been and i i know the feeling you just want to put somebody
in their spot because they just say something stupid but to me the biggest issue is the reading
comprehension patrick the people just you write something and they read it and they just have
this preconception in their head of what they want to hear.
And it's like, buddy, did you read what I just wrote?
You're hearing something totally different.
And I loved it last night.
You were basically giving props to how great of a player Gretzky was and how he's so far beyond everybody.
And then you've got all these 20-year-olds chirping you about fucking Gretzky who played 30 years ago.
They weren't even sperm when he was retired, and they're telling you what it was like.
They haven't even seen Above and Beyond.
The Wayne Gretzky story.
It's why you get flustered.
You've got people who weren't even alive when a guy played telling you how good he was.
It's like, shut up, man, will you?
Yeah, there's a lot of stupid people,
and it's the same thing when you talk to somebody in person,
and you know when you're talking they're not listening.
They're just waiting to start talking themselves.
Exactly.
I feel like that's what Twitter is in a nutshell.
That's a pretty good analogy, actually.
That's like me when I'm listening to people.
It's a cesspool of idiots who really value their own opinion way more than anyone else does.
Twitter's a cesspool with a fucking dynamite diving board and a cool slide.
That's true.
It's true.
I like Twitter.
I mean, it's fun.
Like I told you earlier, I haven't had it very long.
And I think it's great for getting information, especially for what I do.
I mean, you follow around the league,
and it's so much easier than trying to search out articles and stuff on the internet.
It really is great for aggregating news stories if you follow the right people
as far as just getting the information you want.
It's certainly a useful tool, but yeah, there's definitely some pains in the ass.
Yeah, there's a lot of fucking mutants out there.
Exactly.
So, I mean, we'll get on to some other things, but for hockey fans, Pat's a great follow.
It's the real po
sullivan so uh give him a follow but going into another thing it's funny you and i are are i'm
two years older than you you're 85 right yeah yeah so our paths crossed quite a bit though um
from the time we were 15 to the time you know we were both finished and i know we brought up the
book you wrote and you know how
great that was and probably how hard that was for you to get out there but i i do remember and i was
going to ask if you remember this when at world junior camp for the 2003 um world junior team we
were in lake placid and you were you were two years younger and your father was there um which
was just an honor it just showed how good you were you were invited to play with you know the guys above you as an underager and i remember
your father was was giving you shit i don't remember if he actually hit you but eric nystrom
came bombing off the bus and went over and and got in between you guys do you remember that
yeah but it wouldn't it wouldn't have been world juniors because my  No, in the summer, in the summer camp.
Yeah, I know, but it would have been before that if it was
it would have been something with when we were at the program.
Oh, maybe it was Ann Arbor.
But do you remember when he came in and helped you?
And, like, basically, I mean, he kind of, I think,
understood what you were going through when a lot of people didn't at that point.
Yeah, and, you know, through when a lot of people didn't at that point. Yeah.
And, you know, unfortunately, a couple other people, you know, that happened once when I was playing in the OHL as well.
And, you know, I was abused a lot as a kid growing up.
growing up and it finally got to the point where um you know i i had to do something to to kind of i guess change my life and uh i just realized that nobody else really was going to do anything
like my mother didn't didn't do anything coaches knew about it um but nobody really knew the entire
thing right like and it's not like i really talked about it either because growing up i
i was scared if i said anything that i wasn't going to be able to play hockey so it was just yeah it was
a difficult situation i mean when i remember playing in you remember the select 15 festival
yeah so i was going to bring this up so he was 13 years old and the select 15s are the best you
know we have team massachusetts and satellite right yeah satellite and she ended up having
team minnesota team michigan it's the best players in the country age 15 this kid's 13 what
were you playing you were playing for like mid-atlantic right i was it was atlantic southeast
yeah like back then i would love to know how you even got onto that team yeah well before i moved
to michigan i lived in north carolina That's actually where I started playing hockey. My mother was from there.
So, um, you know, look, this, this,
this is just a small sample of how crazy my dad was.
He had to physically alter my birth certificate.
I don't know how he did it,
if it was with whiteout and he made a copy or something like that.
And, and he knew that I couldn't play in michigan because that's
where i played triple a right and everyone would know and everyone yeah they're like all right
wait this kid's from ann arbor right so we went i don't know how i don't know how it all worked out
but i ended up getting on that team and then so but the festivals the tournaments in ann arbor
so obviously at a certain point especially we ended up playing michigan and then so but the festivals the tournaments in ann arbor so obviously at a certain
point especially we ended up playing michigan and then everybody knew yeah that's when it came out
i was like this kid's 13 years old what the fuck yeah and i'm playing against guys that i play
like winter hockey with you know what i mean and it was just it was so it was just it was ridiculous
and then the people at usa hockey were so pissed off and embarrassed about it.
They actually banned me from any USA Hockey stuff for like 10 years.
But obviously we know that didn't work because a couple years later I ended up playing at the development program where you were with.
So, yeah, it's just a shit show.
I think I'm going gonna make a movie i've had a couple people
ask me uh to do it and i'm trying to find the right person to present the story properly and
you have to write a script and then there's all these different fucking steps john scott is
actually he's about to to have his movie actually made um but yeah, I mean, it's a crazy story,
and I'm just glad I got out of there at the age that I did.
And that's why I retired from playing hockey,
is I had so much personal stuff to deal with
to try to be a normal fucking person
that I had to stop playing hockey and I had to
get away from it and figure everything else out. But, you know, it's a good story. I think my life
in general and it's if nothing else and why I did the book in the first place, it wasn't for me. It
wasn't I was doing really well at the time. It's certainly not for money. There's no money to be
made in books unless you're Stephen King. But to present my story in a way that other people understand that you're not the only person experiencing that.
And that was something that if I had understood at a younger age, maybe I would have told someone.
My life could have been completely different if I had more information.
So, yeah, I mean, it's...
No, I'm sorry.
I remember playing in that, like in that select festival where we're staying in the dorms.
Like I was so young, I didn't even shower.
Like I didn't shower with the team and like, you know, it was just a bizarre situation.
You saw pubes.
You were like, what the fuck?
Sounds like my junior year in high school.
So, Patrick, I know we've all, you know, all know the hockey dad or the hockey parent because I've certainly seen some hockey mothers here in Massachusetts over the years.
You know, and I haven't read the book, but I'm familiar with your story.
And obviously, you know, your dad was probably the worst example of that.
How many, like what percent of hockey dads or parents do you think are to that extreme level that you had to deal with?
Dads or parents, do you think, to that extreme level that you had to deal with?
Sorry, before you go, Pat, I would say that you should have a right to be pissed at fathers who knew that shit was going on. Because I would like to think that if my dad or some guys that I play with, fathers, saw that happen and they would step in,
maybe I'm wrong and maybe it's tough when it's a family thing,
but there was probably times when you were looking for some help that you never got.
Yeah, 100. So to answer your question first, Whit, so part of my book,
I went back and actually talked to coaches I had played for and other kids' parents that, you know, I had grown up around and played with.
And it was very distinct split 50-50 down the middle as far as, you know,
people on one side who had a lot of regret and they knew and they said they just didn't know what to do.
Maybe they didn't think it was as bad as it was.
And the thing that hurt me the most, truthfully,
was I was such a good player that nobody could really believe it was that bad.
Like how could this kid be so good at hockey if his dad's beating the shit out of him every day?
Like it just  it doesn't add up logically, right?
So, you know, you have that group of people who struggled with it
and wish they had done something differently.
And then there's,
there's the other side. And I talked to one of my coaches and he thought, you know,
he basically told me to my face that he thought my dad was, was doing the right thing. And if I didn't, uh, you know, if I didn't grow up the way I did, I never would have made the NHL,
uh, anything like that. So it took, that took a lot for me not to just kind of walk away from that guy.
That's a fucking clown.
Yeah, it's crazy, man.
You'd think child abuse would be something that would be very easy
for everybody to understand across the board
about as far as what it does to the child how unhealthy it is um obvious short term like you know it's hard dealing with it as a kid but it's it's the
hardest part about it is when you you grow up and you become an adult and all the things you used to
use to deal with the abuse as a child, they end up affecting you later in
life in completely different ways. And it ruins most people's lives because you don't know how
to deal with certain situations that, that you, you come across. You have a hard time with various,
you know, relationships, um, you know, whatever they may be. So that's really the danger in this. It's, it's just, it's,
it's unfortunate that so many people, and to your point, they don't, they don't just step in and
that's all it takes. Like you don't have to do anything yourself. Just call the police.
If you see anything or, or, you know, second guess something that you saw or even have an
inclination of any kind, just contact the police and let them get involved. Because especially
nowadays they look into involved. Especially nowadays,
they look into everything. It's not like when we were kids
20, 25 years ago where...
I drink beers with him. He's fine.
He might smack him around, but he's a good dude.
Exactly.
I think there's a case of people not wanting to...
There's a mind your business factor.
They think they're interfering with the family.
No one wants to think the worst.
I think, too, that the situation for you was as bad as it was.
Right.
But, I mean, at the end of the day, you can't do anything to your kid that you wouldn't let a stranger do.
And that's the best way to look at it.
You know, if you saw a stranger, like say you're a third party, you're walking out to your car after taking your kid to hockey,
and you see another
parent hit a different kid what are you gonna do right exactly you're gonna you're gonna do
something right so it's it's the same stuff and i think it's come a long way as far as that stuff
goes but i'd say there's there's a there's very few people like my father so that's a that's a
small percentage of hockey parents that are like that but But I think there's a lot in the group just below that where you're making your kid's life miserable.
And there's a lot of people, I think, that believe they're going to somehow be the difference in how far their kid goes in hockey.
And it couldn't be further from the truth.
And Witt knows as well as anybody
like the reason guys make it to the nhl is because they love the game more than the next guy you know
they sacrifice social activities you know the older they get um they spend more time on their
game than other people do and it's not because their parent forced them to go to, you know, some extra power
skating lesson or any of the bullshit like that. So, you know, if parents had kept the idea of why
they got their kids started into hockey in the first place and continued with that mindset all
the way through with their kid, you'd never run into a situation where, you know, you think you're
going to by yelling at your kid after a game or anything like that,
and that's all it takes really to create issues.
It doesn't even need to be physical violence.
So I just think people, parents in general, when it comes to their kids and anything competitive,
they think they're way more important to their child's success than they actually are.
Because I'll tell you this real quick.
Yeah, go ahead.
they actually are yeah and i think i'll tell you this real quick yeah go ahead if it was if it was the other way around if if if the you know whoever the kid was and they had a parent who made them do
the most i should have been better than wayne gretzky because nobody did more shit than i did
when i was a kid but you know most of it i was doing unwillingly and that's why it didn't make
me so much better than everybody else if that makes any sense right no it does it makes total
sense i just think that yeah for the parents who who are living, who never made it and who are living through their son or daughter, those people are legit psychopaths.
Think about how selfish you have to be because you never made it.
You're now going to be like, all right, my son, I'm going to live it through him.
And there's just so many of those people that need to be told, like, listen, like you're thinking about your kid playing in the NHL.
You'd be crazy to think about your kid playing college hockey when they're fucking seven, eight years old.
And you, and up in Toronto, I mean, I'm up there once in a while.
It's insane.
People are talking about 10 year olds, like this next superstar.
You're like, dude, that kid, that kid could be a complete scumbag that hates hockey in three years when he's 13.
Like, it's just, I mean, it's just, it's unfortunate when you see that thing, when you see stuff like that.
But the fact that you, you know, you were able to get through everything you did and have the career you did is,
I've always been just so impressed with and especially more so after reading your story and seeing what you've been through pat real quick yeah real quick i just
wanted to ask um you know i i had friends who you know obviously never to the extent that you
experienced but you know after after a game where they played bad or didn't score a goal
their dad would throw their equipment in trash. Obviously that's not abuse,
but you know, if you don't have to go too in depth if you don't want to, but you know,
if you didn't score a goal, was there a, you know, a certain punishment your dad would
give to you or, or was it, you know, how, how, how did that really work?
Well, I mean, I, I, uh, I used to have to do all kinds of different shit like my dad my dad would hit me
basically six days a week and it was all based around how i played so my dad used to kick me
the older i got the worse the physical abuse got but i used to have to work out like my dad would
randomly pull me out of bed at like three in the morning and I'd have to do a workout or I just come to school in the middle of the day and grab me and I'd have to go skate somewhere so
that was the hardest thing for me growing up was I never knew what was going to happen like
hour to hour and that was that was the hardest part for me the mental
uncertainty and stress that that caused was the hardest part. And that's what it is. It's not,
it's not so much like the physical stuff is awful, obviously, but it's what it does to your brain
as a child, when, when you're developing all the different parts of your brain,
that it's, it screws you up. And that's what gives people issues when they're adults.
Actually, I've done a lot of research on this because I talk about this
when I do my public speaking events.
It actually changes the chemistry of your brain.
So your brain isn't able to produce certain chemicals
that help you deal with certain stressors.
And obviously, you know, the stressor when you're 10 is a lot different than the stressor when you're 25 and you're trying
to manage a relationship and and your job and your boss who's a prick and all this other stuff right
so that's the the thing also i think is important for parents to understand is if you kick your kid
in the ass you know once in a while you think oh it's nothing but it it does things to
to how the the child thinks which then in turn like i just said uh affects you as an adult and
you have a lot worse issues than just simply getting a kick in the ass yeah so if anybody
wants to know more about my situation and you don't have to read the book but i did a i did
an article on the players tribune it's basically a short a short version kind of of my book where i just touched on all the different stuff and
um you know my case was extreme but it it doesn't need to be anywhere close to
anything at the level i experienced to still screw you up and i'm lucky mean, luckily I had the money to get the treatment I needed.
I had the time. Most people don't.
And they never get to the point where they deal with the stuff.
Right. Where they can function day to day without it being an issue.
And a lot of people have substance abuse issues and all kinds of other shit because of things they experienced as a kid.
And, you know, it's good. I, it's good. It's, I mean, frankly, having you guys having me on,
someone's going to hear this. And even if it's only one person, it could make a difference for
them or somebody they know. And it's, it's like anything else. It's spreading information,
even the story, not, you don't have to sit here and preach to anybody, but just the idea that
this, my story exists,
that there's many others like it as well, it can help people.
So I know this probably isn't a typical interview you guys do.
No, no, no.
I think this is great.
We had you on because we knew we were going to talk about this,
and it's funny you said that about the help of one person
because we did the introduction at the beginning of the show and said the same thing.
I mean, if the word of this interview helps one person,
then it is all worth it.
I know that's a cliche people use, but it's a genuinely heartfelt thing
where something of us taking 20 minutes to talk about such a serious thing,
and if it can have a guy or a kid pick up a phone and make a phone call.
Because what you say about childhood trauma, Patrick, it's so true.
It's that kids go through it, and they don't maybe realize it at the time that what's going on affects them.
It might not affect them right then.
But it does something to the psyche.
It does something to a kid later in life.
Like you say, you have trouble with relationships.
You maybe can't relate to a woman like you want to or something.
It just affects you later in life and you don't know why why and a lot of times it does go back to childhood trauma
and and that's a very good thing because uh a lot of kids out there have a lot of trauma that they
they don't deal with they don't know they don't know how to deal with because they don't even
know they have trauma in a lot of cases so you know if you do have some some things you need
to get off your chest by all means you know reach out and talk to somebody. So, buddy, thank you very much for coming on. I will say, Sully, you were one of the more skilled
players I ever played with. And for myself, I was lucky enough and blessed to have two parents who
really supported me. And I think it helped me get to the level that I got to. And the fact that you
did on your own and going through those things will forever impress me. So I really appreciate you coming on, buddy.
Thanks, bud.
I enjoyed playing with you, too.
It's too bad we were fucking dog shit in Edmonton.
I know.
That's for another podcast, bud.
Yeah, we'll do that one.
We'll do that one another time.
All right, buddy.
Have a good one.
Thanks for coming on, Tally.
Really appreciate it.
Thank you.
That interview was brought to you by BetDSI.com.
Bowl season is here.
The NFL playoffs are coming up and taking center stage.
So BetDSI is the place you need to go.
It has over 20 years in business.
It's the top-rated business on all sportsbook review sites.
It has great mobile product, and it's easy to use from anywhere.
You can be on your phone.
You can be on your computer.
Get your bets in.
It all works easily.
There's live in-game wagering.
Who doesn't love that?
Maybe the game starts off different than you thought it would.
You want to switch it up.
You can make plays throughout every game and all the events on the site.
The customer service is perfect.
It's available 24-7, 365.
If you want to get in a late bet, go West Coast or maybe in Europe.
Who knows?
You can bet everything.
It's built its reputation on fast payments of winnings.
You will have your money quickly after you win it.
And there's free 10 to try the service for just registering.
So you get 10 towards a bet for just registering.
10.
You could win.
You could turn that into a lot more than that.
There's a 200 bonus on your first deposit with the code SPIT200.
BetDSI.com.
And thanks once again to Pat O'Sullivan for coming on and sharing this story with us.
It's obviously not an easy thing to talk about what Pat does talk about.
So we thank him for coming on the show and sharing with that.
And, again, we hope it helps even one person out there.
And that kid, he was an amazing hockey player. Yeah. When he was 15, 16, we hope it helps even one person out there. And that kid, he was an amazing hockey player.
When he was 15, 16, 17.
Yeah, you wonder what kind of.
I'm sure some of those things affected him because he was such a good player at that age.
Okay, so we're going to do a quickie version of our segment.
We had a little lack of questions this week for whatever reason.
But all right, Hamilton, we've got a couple of nice ones.
It wasn't really a lack of questions.
Lack of quality questions.
Lack of quality questions.
So listeners out there, step up the questions next week.
Yeah, chirping the listeners.
Way to go, Grinnelli.
Piss them off.
Make us bring Charlie Wisco back.
So Dan DeFonseca says,
hashtag, all right, Hamilton,
what the hell is wrong with the Devils,
and how the fuck does Shero fix it? Ooh, I like the salty language, all right, Hamilton, what the hell is wrong with the Devils, and how the fuck does Shero fix it?
Ooh, I like the salty language.
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, he swore, huh?
What's wrong with the Devils?
The defense, I believe, is their number one problem, Ryan.
Isn't it not?
They lost Adam Larson, which is a huge loss for them.
Yeah, I mean, but without Taylor Hall, I mean, you look at their offense,
and I think they struggle to score.
It's weird.
I mean, to grow a team, you really have to draft really well,
and you have to get guys that make an immediate impact.
We've talked about this before at a young age.
The Devils had such a long run of having guys who'd been there for so many years.
You think of Patrick Elias and all those amazing teams they had. And you know parisi left and brodeur was gone and schneider came in
it's just this new generation and they just haven't really found a core to really i think thrive with
yet i think hall's now leading that core um you look at kyle palmeri they locked up long term who
had a who had a great year last year he can score uh cam Camilleri, you know, you still see him. He's very effective,
but it just seems like they need a little
more from some younger players.
And Corey Schneider. They need more from him.
Yeah, but I don't think they
think of him as their problem. No,
maybe not. I think he's an elite
goalie. He is. He started off great, but
you take a look at his numbers right now,
they're not those of a number one
goaltender. A a 904 save percentage.
Yeah, 904 save percentage, 293 GAA.
It's just really not what you get out of a top-flight goalie.
You look at his last few handful of games, and he just hasn't been playing well.
Keith Kincaid, his backup, is actually putting better numbers up.
I think it's an example, not to interrupt, but you look
at Rask and Boston.
They're similar teams in a way
that when their best player,
their goalie, doesn't play well, they're not going to be
good. It could be the defense is
so bad that it's making Schneider can only do
so much.
It's basically like you're winning games based on these
guys.
It's a team that I think they just need more offensively.
They drafted this Pavel Zaka.
I don't know if I'm saying his last name correct,
but they drafted him high two years ago or last year.
And he's playing, and he's doing well for them,
but they don't have any of these young studs that you see a lot of these good teams have,
and it comes from drafting.
And I think New Jersey, they kind of have a unique situation, too.
They're not really a big draw for free agents.
They have a hard time
bringing that in there. They're in such a tough
area. You're in North Jersey, which you've got
the Islanders there, the Rangers right there.
Yeah, as a player, I never
wanted to play there. I never was like,
I want to play for the Devils. Has there ever been a franchise
who actually has won, what, three
titles, and they're still like, their profile?
I mean, yeah, if you're a Jersey fan, it's great.
It's where the rink was and is now.
It's just, I don't know.
It's just something.
I don't know if it's just a Jersey thing or what,
but it's like they're just kind of like, I don't know,
not the Mickey Mouse franchise to steal Wayne Gretzky's rope by any stretch.
I mean, Lou Lamorello had one of the best,
most well-oiled machines in the league for years.
But right now, they kind of slid back a little bit.
And, you know, they're almost, I don't want to say the word insignificant,
but they're not as relevant as they were a few years ago.
No, but, I mean, Ray's been there.
Yeah.
He hasn't been there, you know, too long.
And he's been very successful wherever he's been,
with Nashville and Pittsburgh and now in Jersey.
So I think you're going to see, you to see him really kind of turn them around.
It just might take a little while.
Okay.
But they do have that goalie that you need to be good.
Yeah, they definitely got the number one.
Number one.
All right.
So Sam Russell asks,
Stool Chicklets, what is more effective,
changing up line combinations frequently or keeping line combinations the same?
Ryan Hamilton.
I'll leave this one to you, Ryan.
Well, my immediate thought is that when you're winning and doing well,
the lines stay the same, and you change them up because things aren't going well.
So I think that kind of proves that.
I mean, if you can get four lines, which rarely happens,
they all start gelling, and you can get at least 30, 40 games.
Then maybe halfway through a season, you split lines up.
I mean, it never happens.
But that's when you know you're winning.
Why would you change it up?
I think the question's in regards to if the team's doing bad.
If the team's doing bad, do you keep the guys on the sidelines?
Make yourself clear.
Yeah, it makes a little more sense then.
Yeah, that's a great question i personally i liked when if we
were struggling as a defensive pair same thing you'd see lines it makes sense to me to switch
it up i mean if you have a period or two periods when things aren't clicking with two defensemen
or three forwards i mean try something else there's there's plenty of guys you can kind of
groove in and give a shot with a different line mate, but
I think it drives people, it drives
players insane if you're struggling, your line's not
producing and nothing gets switched. Now,
in terms of if it's the fourth line and one guy's
in the stand, then you don't want anything to change, but
Yeah, so this person, I'm going to guess
is a Bruins fan. Maybe
they were subtweeting Claude. 100.
Yeah, 100. Because that's definitely the situation with the Bruins.
It's like, you keep going to the well with
the same thing, we'll try to mix it up.
When you're not scoring, definitely mix the
lines up. If nothing's working, you just keep mixing
them up until something works. It's the blender.
Although players get sick of the blender, too.
You come in and after the first period,
they erase and they switch the lines and you're like,
oh, here we go. Yeah, you want some consistency.
Yeah, so it works both ways.
But if things aren't going good after a game, two games,
I mean, players are like, let's try something else here.
All right.
All right, well, that's a quick All Right Hamilton segment this week.
Again, get some questions and use the hashtag AllRightHamilton
and we'll do a little bit bigger segment next week.
And All Right Hamilton was brought to you by SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest
and easiest way
to find tickets
for football and hockey games
you want to see up close
and in person this season.
There's nothing like
being in the stadium
for the biggest plays
of the year
and with SeatGeek
it's never been easier
to get you the guaranteed
seats you want
for great value.
I have the SeatGeek app
on my phone
and it's by far
the easiest way
to shop for tickets.
I can be anywhere
and with just a few taps
I can instantly find seats for this weekend's game or any game this season.
With SeatGeek, you always get the best deal on every ticket because SeatGeek price compares for you by searching multiple ticket sites.
Prices can vary depending on where you shop, but SeatGeek will always find you the lowest price available.
And SeatGeek wants to help you by getting the most bang for your buck.
That's why every ticket on SeatGeek is given a grade based on value.
You'll immediately see an underpriced seat and be able to find the best deals to fit your budget.
Plus, every ticket you buy on SeatGeek is backed by their 100 guarantee.
So you can shop for tickets on SeatGeek with confidence.
Best of all, our listeners get a 20 rebate on their first SeatGeek purchase.
To get your 20 rebate on tickets, download the SeatGeek app, go to the settings tab,
and click add a promo code.
Enter the promo code Hockey, and SeatGeek will send you 20 after you made your first
ticket purchase.
Download the SeatGeek app and enter promo code Hockey today.
But this will bring us to a final segment.
No, our new segment. I. No, our new segment.
I'm sorry, our new segment.
That's right, too.
My little...
You're brainstorming.
I brainstormed the other night.
We're going to add...
Just to add, you know, we record on different days,
but just to add a little This Day in Hockey history.
Which week in hockey would sound nice?
Which week in hockey?
Well, this is from, you know, 1979,
my famous day in hockey or this day in hockey history.
Okay, shoot.
What happened?
December 21st we're recording on.
And it's funny because without even knowing, we already discussed this beforehand.
But Gary Unger's NHL record on December 21st of 1979 for consecutive games played streak ended at 914 as his Atlantalanta flames lost 5-1 to the blues and unlike the end
of most consecutive game streaks ungers actually ended because he was benched and scratched by the
fucking atlanta coach al mcneil wow can you imagine wow al mcneil can go fuck himself i don't know who
he is he benched a guy when he had 914 straight games played.
At the time, it was the record.
It ended up being broken by who we talked about earlier, Doug Jarvis.
Fucking in the Atlanta Flames, too, like there was some fucking juggernaut, too.
Like Al McNeil, anyone who Al McNeil was, no.
It's still talking about Gary Unger fucking 30 years later.
Gary Unger, who knows?
I mean, he could have ended up, what if he could have gone way past 964?
Wow, I'm fucking scratched.
That's fucking, I mean.
Well, that's similar to Mike Babcock,
and I'm surprised that this didn't get brought up by Commie
when we interviewed him.
I don't know if I've told this before.
Maybe before we became Barstool Sports,
Spittin' Chicklets, I mentioned this,
but Mike Madonna playing his last year in Detroit
was in line to play his 1,500th career game at the end of the year.
Yeah.
And with about seven, eight games to go.
And I don't know if it was exactly seven games, eight games.
It could have been like three or four games.
Babcock scratched him.
He healthy scratched Mike Madonna.
And then putting him back in for the next game, the season ended, and he had to finish at 1499.
Oh, what an asshole.
Yep.
And Madonna, I don't know if he would say publicly, but I would guess that he thinks at least in his head he knew what he was doing.
Fucking, I mean, right.
He knew what he was doing.
And he could say, oh, I don't know what guys' career games have played, but fuck.
Yeah, that's bullshit.
You know when someone's coming up on 15 hundo.
Yeah, to shy him. And I know Coach wanted to put the best line about that, but you know, but fuck. Yeah, that's bullshit. You know when someone's coming up on 15-hundo. Yeah, and to shy him one.
And I know Coach wanted to put the best line up out there,
but you know what?
You can fucking start him, bury him in the fourth line,
and fucking give him three minutes a game just to get him the fucking.
Michelle Terrian also scratched Miroslav Shatan in Pittsburgh
on what would have been his
1,000th game.
Satan.
Wow.
And then the next game, he ended up getting 1,000 and got the whole silver sticks.
Next week on Dickhead Coaches.
All right.
So that's an interesting nugget.
A good first this day in hockey history.
Yeah, we got some chatter.
I got one more.
I got one more.
One more what?
Is that okay?
One more what?
This day in history.
There's a good one.
I have a good one.
If you just tried to fucking one-up me and fucked this up.
No, I want to hear this.
This better be good.
Now you're nervous.
All right.
Bobby Orr gets his 541st point, the NHL record for defenseman with an assist in the Bruins'
8-1 win against the Detroit Red Wings at the Boston Garden.
Hey, Grinnelli.
That's a great one, actually.
Grinnelli, delete what fucking Whitney just said, all right?
Rear edge is cranking it again.
I knew you'd like it.
So Bobbior broke the record for defenseman scoring in league history on this day also?
Yeah, 1972.
72, when he was in the league in 67.
I thought you were going to have a shitty one, and you kind of dummied mine.
Yeah, a little bit.
There's actually a bunch of cool shits happened on December 21st.
Believe me.
This is why I brought this in.
I know what I'm doing.
I know what I'm doing.
We could start a sub show like this day in history, but let's move the show along here, gentlemen.
All right.
Let's see how you idiots don't know pop culture from the last 40 years with our favorite segment, Ask a Millennial.
This is an easy one.
We're going to start off.
I know Wits might know it, but you ready?
Grinnelli?
I'm ready.
Steve Guttenberg.
This is easy.
Steve Guttenberg.
Oh, my fucking word.
He's like...
I have no idea who Steve Guttenberg is.
Mikey?
Dude, I...
I'm sorry, Whitney?
I don't know.
I mean, when you say this is easy,
it makes me feel so dumb.
But who the fuck's Steve Guttenberg?
Fucking Police Academy.
And don't tell me you don't know Police Academy because I'm going to rub a microphone.
I do know Police Academy because the guy can make the noise when it sounds like it's all...
Don't try it, dude.
Don't try it.
Steve Guttenberg was the star of the Police Academy franchise.
Well, up until like the...
Oh, go to this picture.
I know his face.
Yeah.
I could get these if I could see faces.
I'm a big faces guy.
That's not how we played.
Three men and a little baby.
You probably saw that when you were in diapers at the pussy ass Disney movie.
Oh, yeah.
No, I've seen it.
He was one of the three men.
This is Honey, I Shrunk the Kids.
Steve Guttenberg?
No.
You must be looking at Rick Moranis.
Oh, that guy looks like Rick Moranis.
Steve Guttenberg in that picture.
Oh, wow. Yeah. Steve looks like he gets some work. Rick Moranis, yes, that guy looks like Rick Moranis, Steve Guttenberg in that picture. Oh, wow. Yeah.
Steve looks like he gets some work. Rick Moranis, yes.
Steve Guttenberg, huge fucking star in the
80s. Star in the Police Academies. You watch them now
and you wonder how they made money back in the 80s, but
the 80s were a glorious time when
directors were doing lots of cocaine and making
bad movies that we thought were good. So Steve Guttenberg,
0 for 2. Boo.
Next up, another one
he's not going to get, and it's not even that old, but
Grinnelli.
99 Red Balloons.
This sounds really
familiar. It's a song.
It's a song. He gets a song.
Wits. 99
Red Balloons. Also known as 99
Luftballons. Or it's a band.
Shut the fuck up. You gave your answer.
Stick with your answer.
99 Red Balloons.
The song.
We got a two for two.
99 Red Balloons. It's a girl singing.
It sucks.
That song sucks too.
It was one of those, again, from the 80s that was bad in hindsight.
We liked it.
But they also did the German version.
99 Luftballons.
Oh, dude.
So you were probably grinding up on chicks listening to that.
Girl, I hear your armpits and shit. All right. Well, we got a two for two. 99 Red Balloons. Oh, dude, so you were probably grinding up on chicks listening to that. Girl, I hear your armpits and shit.
All right, well, we got a two for two, 99 red balloons.
All right.
Next up is Mike Charo.
Charo.
Coochie, coochie.
Charo.
It's not a, I want to say action figure, but it's not. It's a...
Maybe
to some people. It sounds like a famous dog.
Like a famous dog or an action figure.
I like that guess. I like the famous dog.
I mean, it's... Not to be... Not trying
to be insulting, but just because it does sound like
a pet little dog. I'll go with famous dog.
Famous dog. Okay. What's...
Charo. Zidane O'Charo.
Charo. No. Charo. Not Zdeno Charo. Charo. No. Charo.
Not Chara.
Charo.
This is a weird one.
I mean, it's.
Is it like a.
I think it could be a type of like pop dog.
No.
A movie.
No.
Charo is this crazy.
What the hell is she?
Spanish lady.
It's a person?
She's an actress, sort of singer, but listen, she was on the love boat like every other week back in the day.
Oh, she's on the love boat.
How did we miss her?
She's on the fucking love boat.
She always did this like coochie, coochie, coochie thing.
If you know Charo, she was this weird pop culture phenomenon from back in the 70s and 80s.
Was she hot?
It wasn't my cup
of tea. She was heavily made
up. Oh, I kind
of like this. Yeah, she's not bad.
She kind of... That fake look.
She was one of those people like...
I'm trying to think.
Back in the 70s who...
She kind of looks like a dog a little bit. Everywhere you turned around,
Charo was there. She was on the love boat.
She was always on TV.
Just one of those pseudo-celebs where, okay, what's this person's particular talent, and
what are they doing on the show?
30 years later, I'm still trying to figure out what the allure of Charo was, but we're
0 for 2 on Charo.
No surprise there.
One more left.
This is an easy one.
If you just don't get it, then fuck it.
I'm going to go ape shit.
If you just don't.
Mikey, Apocalypse Now.
Apocalypse Now? Apocalypse Now?
Apocalypse Now!
I have no idea.
Apocalypse Now was a war movie.
I would have guessed movie.
A war movie that Marlon Brando was this crazy motherfucker wow and he and charlie sheen
his son right well his father but we're good my charlie marty sheen charlie sheen's father
martin sheen oh okay yeah yeah fuck he was yeah yep he had to go kill him he was a he marlon
brando was a off on off rogue old military guy, and he was now trying
to kill, like, USA military.
Wow.
Did not think I'd need a spoiler alert for Apocalypse Now on fucking Ask a Millennial,
but yet here we are.
Whitney.
I saw that one time when I was sick, and I remember I was like, this sucks.
I go, this movie sucks, and my dad's like, just finish it.
It's not bad.
Apocalypse Now.
Yes, it was.
Was it good?
Yeah, it was good.
It was crazy.
It's weird and dark.
Francis Ford Colpo, who directed both Godfathers,
I should say all three, but we only
pretend the first two were made.
Apocalypse Now, 1979,
epic saga of Vietnam. It was based
on the Joseph Carner book, Hearts of Darkness.
And yes, Martin Sheen has to travel upstream
to go face Colonel Kurtz,
who was played by Marlon Brando,
who was in the army, and he flipped out, and he started his own little cult in the woods.
And Martin Sheen gets orders to go take him out.
It's very dark.
There's actually a documentary, Hearts of Darkness, I believe it's called,
about the making of Apocalypse Now, which was as crazy as the movie itself.
Martin Sheen had a heart attack making it.
A lot of drugs on that scene.
A lot of drugs.
They ran out of money.
A young, very young, 15.
Young drugs.
Larry Fishburne's first movie.
He's like 15 years old in it, if you watch it.
A young, I think Harrison Ford has a bit pot in it, too.
Tremendous movie.
As far as accuracy, my uncle, who was in Vietnam, no longer with us.
We used to talk about Vietnam, and I'm quite off, and he was pretty open about it.
He did tell me, though, that of the Vietnam movies, Apocalypse
Now was probably the one
that... Actually, I think Apocalypse Now was the
most realistic. He said Deer Hunt was the least
realistic and Apocalypse was the most realistic.
So it was like just the nuttiness,
just the whole insanity of war, I guess
it captured well. I crushed that one.
You did. You crushed it. You went two for three because I was
sick one time. It's a great movie. Give it a
whirl. Again, from. It's a great movie. Give it a whirl.
Again, from 79, it's a deep movie.
Not one you're going to sit down in two hours or an hour and a half and get through it.
It's a lot going on, but definitely recommend it.
That'll wrap up Ask a Millennial this week.
Any other things we've got to mention to the show?
Any plugs, toots?
I haven't asked an old fuck.
Oh, ask an old fuck.
That's how old I am.
I forget we do this every week Oh yeah that's why you forget
Tomorrowland
Tomorrowland the movie or the
Attraction at Disney World
I know this one too bro
Tomorrowland
Tomorrowland is the part of
The section at Disney World
A bad George Clooney movie
Alright let me guess.
An album by some shitty rapper.
No, no.
All right.
I'm stumped.
We stumped him.
Fuck you.
Got him.
Got him.
It's a month.
Let me see if I actually know it for sure.
It's a huge like house music festival in Europe every year.
Oh, yeah.
And it's banana land.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Really eat people.
Eat 16 pounds of molly and fucking kill your brain.
And then crush each other.
Yeah, exactly.
And then go home
With fucking HPV
All over my pecker
Sounds good
Sounds like fun
My pecker
Pecker
I haven't heard it
Called a pecker
Oh no
Tomorrowland
No alright
I had the wrong
Tomorrowland
I had the
The two I had
Were wrong
And I kind of
Like that movie
With George Clooney
Oh god
Alright any more
Alright well
We gotta say
Merry Christmas
Happy Holidays
Yeah absolutely Merry Christmas. Happy Holidays.
Yeah, absolutely.
Merry Christmas to all listeners.
Happy Hanukkah to our Jewish listeners.
Oh, Hanukkah.
Yeah, well, we've got a few peers of Bastl who are of the Jewish faith.
No, but all joking aside, everybody, have a great holiday.
Merry Christmas.
Happy Hanukkah.
Whatever you celebrate, have a good time.
We love having you guys listen to the show.
Go subscribe. Give us reviews. Tell us you guys listen to the show. Go subscribe.
Give us reviews.
Tell us you hate us, you love us, whatever.
It's been a blast.
The first 10 weeks, we didn't think we were going to get this good.
We just want to take it up to another level.
And good luck for people going to like this. Oh, God.
Hey, listen.
Listen.
Married men out there.
It's 2016.
You do not have to go to church anymore
if you don't believe in it
stand up for yourselves
oh mic drop
thank you
peace out
