Hey, Spit and Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spit and Chicklets is brought to you by Quip.
When it comes to your health, brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts of your day.
Quip knows that. They've combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush.
Quip is the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations into a slimmer design at a fraction of the cost of bulkier traditional electric brushes.
And guiding pulses alert you to when to switch sides, making brushing the right amount of
effortless. Quip also comes with a mount that suctions right to your mirror and unsticks to
use as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere, whether going in your gym bag or your carry-on.
And because the thing that cleans your mouth should also be clean, Quip's subscription plan refreshes your brush on a dentist-recommended schedule,
delivering new brush heads every three months for just 5, including free shipping worldwide.
Can't beat it. Quip is backed by a network of over 10,000 dental professionals, including dentists,
hygienists, and dental students. Most toothbrushes don't get named one of Time Magazine's best inventions of the year,
but Quip did. Find out for yourself why. Quip starts at just 25, and if you go to
getquip.com slash chiclets right now, you'll get your first refill pack free with the Quip
electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chiclets. That's G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash chiclets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 100 of Spittin' Chicklets,
brought to you by Bar School Sports.
Let's say hello to the gentleman, producer Mikey Grinelli.
A little disappointed we're not in Vegas, boys.
I know Witt's made a couple promises.
He made a couple promises that we'd do episode 100 in Vegas.
By the way, I'll introduce myself.
Not that you didn't, alright, this is the wit.
What up, everyone? Thanks for listening.
So Biz is confused.
Biz, I knew this little fucking Grinelli.
I said, when was that?
Honestly, episode
30? You said it a bunch. You said it like
on three episodes. Did I? Oh, yeah.
Yeah, then I had a kid.
True. But I said
that maybe we'd do the 100th episode from Vegas.
I probably didn't even think we'd ever get to 100,
if I'm really going to be honest.
I always am with you guys.
Well, boys, I want to congratulate you guys.
I haven't been around for that many of them,
but you guys have sustained the test of time.
It's actually, well, and I and the fourth member of the show,
Bob Paul Bissonnette, welcome in.
It's actually like, what, probably about 120, technically, right, Biz?
Because before, when we were still independents on Twitter only,
before we got signed by the Big Bad Barstool Sports,
we did about, what, a couple dozen before that, right?
I thought we included that.
That was your pilot.
That was your pilot.
Your little test.
Our first one with Barstool was was number one
yeah but you posted those and grinnelli said he wasn't around for that he came in an episode two
episode two and if you guys don't remember we recorded episode two with one mic in the middle
of ra's kitchen table and you guys had to get within like five inches of each other's faces
you know it's like two broads and a point.
You guys don't mind Marshawn making out with other dudes on the ice.
Actually, I mean, I guess.
Yeah, because we you're right.
We did the one in his apartment with we had to share a house, not an apartment.
And when Grinnelli came in, when Grinnelli joined the show, dude, he came in looking
like Pauly D, too.
I was like, who is this kid?
He had to fucking blow out. He's like, I'm from Burlington.ie D, too. I was like, who is this kid? He had to fucking blow out.
He's like, I'm from Burlington.
Yeah, you know.
I'm like, oh, this kid's not going to last.
Big Dick's swinging.
He's been our man.
Hey, true statement.
So when we were in Kelowna doing a bank and a bunch of interviews,
he goes, man, now that I'm on spit and chick list,
like girls from high school that wanted me,
wouldn't even give me the time of day.
They come up now, they're fucking
drooling. Grinnelli, what's
it like to be famous, getting his ween sucked
in his parents' fucking bathroom at the restaurant?
Touch me like you're doing levels again,
Grinnelli.
He's reaping the benefits
more than all of us.
My wife don't bang me because of the podcast.
If Grinnelli's
getting after it because of this, then that's when I know it was a successful podcast hey the number one
question Grinnelly gets is like what's rear admiral's breath like people like it just looks
like it would stink wow what the fuck give it back to him all right same fucking joint we all
just passed around to each other before we recorded, so we all have the same pod brand.
Yeah.
See what you missed out on, Biz?
Hey, actually.
That's why I joined.
All right.
What's going on in the world right now, in the hockey world, boys?
Yeah, right.
Give us the heads up here.
What's up?
Yeah, it's basically a lot of guys file for arbitration at the end of the year,
but not everybody gets to arbitration.
A lot of guys do sign.
But actually, let me backtrack.
We have a huge fucking interview, by the way, with former Bruin,
current Oiler, short-time LA King, Milan Lucic,
who is a bit of a legend in Boston.
Huge interview.
Guy is great, talked for a long time.
We got some great stuff coming.
We also have Joel Edmondson, defenseman from St. Louis,
who did sign his contract already one year year, 3 million with the Blues.
Before arbitration, right?
Before.
Yeah, so I'm going to give a rundown.
Okay, only one award has been given so far.
Jacob Trubel, one year, 5.5 million.
He signed it.
Wild Bill Carlson is up August 4th.
The Rangers are busy.
Our boy Hazy, Brady Shea, Ryan Spooner, they're all up.
Basically start next week.
Ottawa has Cody, CeCe, Mark Stone, Arbitration Herons.
Those are the only guys who are still waiting for arbitration.
Other guys who have signed, Anaheim's Brandon Montour, Calgary's Elias Lindholm,
Trevor Van Riemsdyk in Carolina, Matt Nieto in Colorado,
Matt Dumba in Jason Zuckerman, Minnesota, Joel Armia in Montreal.
Again, I just mentioned Edmondson in St. Louis.
And Connor Hellebuck, Hagedale, six-year, 37 mil in Winnipeg.
And Vancouver signed Jake Verdin.
So basically, little maintenance.
Also, Trevor Linden departed as the team president, as they put it amicably,
as if it's ever amicable.
But Trevor Linden left as team president in Vancouver.
It's kind of a window dressing position.
It's not like the GM.
And Jerome McGinley made it official, retired.
I know he didn't play last year, but he actually made it official.
So that's kind of the rundown of what's going on, Biz.
What's your take on that stuff?
Well, we got some really good insight coming up about arbitration.
And a lot of hockey fans are not aware of how actually messy it gets
inside this courtroom.
I don't know if it's an official courtroom in front of the arbitrator.
But I actually, even when I was playing,
I don't even know if I played any guys that went to nasty arbitration.
But I got a chance to learn about it from Tyson Berry originally
when he was up with the Colorado Avalanche.
And he's pretty friendly about talking about it but I don't think
Patrick Wall was a big fan of his play because he was he was his coach a year before and as it
was going to arbitration apparently Patrick Wall was like I get rid of him I don't want him as a
D-man and we're probably going to have to pay him too much once it goes to arbitration so once it
went to arbitration he was saying basically it was them just fucking ripping them being like,
he's a liability out there.
He's a fucking pizza man.
The guy's a pile on.
He's not even that good offensively.
This is the type of shit your own organization is saying to an arbitrator.
And you're probably looking across the table like motherfucker.
Are you kidding me?
And he said it was pretty nasty.
And he won't confirm this, but after Tyson Berry was awarded a certain number at arbitration and then he signed it, Patrick Waugh ended up leaving the team
not too long right after that.
And I don't know if it was because of that, but apparently he was very displeased
about signing Tyson Berry
because he wasn't his style of defenseman.
I think the fucking numbers speak for themselves,
and I'm glad Joe Sackick made the right decision
because I think he's one of the best offensive defensemen in the league.
I think he probably had over 60 points last year,
and if anything, at what he got, it's a fucking bargain.
Yeah, and the whole  the issue is a lot of times you see the one year
the one year deals be signed be signed because of what just happened you could tell it's like
it almost ruins the relationship so you think of jacob truba he gets the one year five and a half
i can't imagine what was said about him now maybe if some of them are guys don't even like in a
locker room they're just like saying everything they're like girlfriend's terrible yeah like dude i heard your girlfriend's getting crushed on the
side like they're just anything they can think of it's like below the belt times below the belt just
once more below the belt and so then you know the one year thing comes out and i bet you jacob
true will be out of there and maybe he would have been without this, but still when you hear somebody that, you know, is your boss say, or, you know, the people that employ
you talk about you in a way it can forever kind of, you know, make you think less of them or make
you not want to be a part of it. I don't blame him. If I, I would, I could only imagine, imagine
they brought in Terry into my arbitration hearing biz. I'm just like, Oh, you mean a video session?
Actually, I didn't need arbitration hearing ever in my career because I had one meeting a week with Terrian and I got the exact same thing.
You're like, I'll take league minimum.
Get some therapy to the minors.
Did Tyson Barry yell back at Patrick a while?
Stop pulling your fucking goalie with 15 minutes left in the third pitch.
Yeah.
And you know
what? Like I said, that never
came out of Tyson Berry's mouth, but he
told me what was going on at the time.
And that's got to be an uncomfortable situation
for a general manager, too, because like Joe
Sackick played. It's not like a guy who didn't play.
And I was
like, geez, man, like that's
pretty fucking harsh. And
sure enough, he ended up i think he
signed for like five or maybe five and a half and and and like i said like a week later patrick
wall was like fuck this i'm out of here imagine if like you had a girl if you had a girlfriend
and every couple years you had to do that like you had to re-up with your girl and like
she would you would have an arbitration where you're getting with your girlfriend she'd be like
you're terrible in bed you You never cook. You never do the dishes.
Why the fuck should you be grown?
A lot of teeth on your blowjobs lately.
I don't know.
You haven't been down on me in six fucking months.
I'm not signing you to another two-year deal.
Quick random story because I feel like the fans
deserve it. I've never told this one on the podcast
before and you can verify
with the ants. Whenever
we would go to buffalo in toronto
dave tippett great great coach great guy would always kind of be like hey you know it's not
gonna work out i know you're close to home you got a lot of buddies so he tells me i'm getting
a health bomb the next night in to so i go out in toronto with a couple buddies and you know i i
meet this girl and and i sure enough long story story short, ended up having her back to the hotel.
No.
Yeah.
You?
No.
I went back first and she stayed out with friends and then she came to meet me after.
She's like, go shave your bush.
Go shave your bush.
Get ready.
Yeah.
Get a little V scrub in there.
I was getting a little greasy on the dance floor.
And so we start fooling around and her her clothes come off and
dude she had the stinkiest pussy you could ever imagine no and and i'm saying this straight faced
but i'd never smelt anything so bad in my life i my dick literally went down I was like hey
I'm not really feeling this anymore
I'm kind of tired and she was like
you made me come all the way here in a cab
and I'm like no I'll pay for your cab
and she kept pressing the issue
what's wrong with you
why did you all of a sudden have a change of heart
to the point where I had to be like listen
I can't keep going because your pussy reeks
like how do you not smell that I had to be like, listen, I can't keep going because your pussy reeks. Like, how do you not smell that?
I had to tell her.
Her fucking jaw dropped down to the fucking carpet on that hotel room floor.
And she's like, oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
And I'm like, no, like, don't be sorry about it.
I just like, my fucking dick's an innie right now.
It's mixed in a massing gill.
I couldn't.
And, okay, so she put her clothes back on,
which probably took realistically 90 seconds in real time.
It felt like it was four hours.
And I'm like,
you know,
and she kept apologizing.
I'm like,
listen,
I'm not offended.
I'm not mad.
Obviously I'm going to tell the boys in the locker room tomorrow,
but I won't use names.
But this,
so here's the fucking icing on the cake.
So I go to the locker room the next day, and I'm like,
boys, I had one of the worst experiences of my life.
I tell everyone in the room is laughing,
and everyone thinks I'm exaggerating a bit.
After pregame meal, I bring Yanz up.
I go walk in that fucking room.
He walked in, and he was like, oh, my God.
It was still fucking in there, buddy.
It smelled like the Great Depression.
Her scent was still lingering.
So she texted me the next day and she's like, I'm so sorry about that.
And I'm like, no, it's all good.
Like, I mean, I don't know.
Maybe you went too hard on the fucking deep floor.
I don't know.
And maybe she came from a spin class.
And then she wrote me back later that day after pregame nap.
I got it.
And she goes, hey, I talked to my friend and she said,
if your ph levels
are off as a woman and and off far it can actually like create a scent down there that is not good
and i asked some girlfriends and they agreed so i don't it was just i figured that sounds a little
bit like the kid growing up was like i have have a girlfriend. Yeah, it's like me saying, no, everyone's got a small pit.
Reminds me of that old commercial,
Mom, do you ever have that not-so-fresh feeling?
Oh, my God.
So, I mean, I don't know if I'm going to get canned
for telling that story on here, but if I do,
I'm going Barstool full-time.
You won't be getting canned by us.
You may have the coyotes.
Growler might be doing play-by-play.
They're like, God damnmit, they're like,
this is episode 100. Things are
going good. You're giving great insight into
arbitration. Next thing you know,
you're talking about the tuna fish
smell.
Oh, this was all about describing the pH
levels. That's what I wanted to get to.
This was more about the scientific
side of the episode. Drink a lot
of water. Oh, my God.
But anyway, if I do get canned, I mean, it was worth it.
That was a decent story, no?
Oh, great story.
I was in Saratoga this weekend, boys.
I was in Toga for my brother's bachelor party.
The listeners we have are so loyal and so strong.
I swear to God, these people were coming up. We love Chicklets!
We love Chicklets! And I was the best guy, too, because some people are so
crippled. Some people are just buckled. Hey, man, love Chicklets!
And ask the same question three or four times, but I just answer it three or four times. I'm just
one of the guys. And I just wanted to say to everyone in Saratoga,
thank you very much for listening because it was pretty cool to see all these
people that knew what was going on with us.
I was rocking a shirt a little bit, had my brother rocking the hat.
But the funny thing was I talked about my gambling getting good Saturday at the
track, 14 bets on 11 races.
0 for 14, dude.
What?
I got absolutely roped in Toga.
It was a joke.
Makes me sick thinking about it.
I'm going to be up there in two weeks, man.
I can't wait.
I'll have to bring some gear myself, even though I'm not the former pro on the show.
Also, boys, in the news, hearing rumblings uh dean lombardi might be landing himself in in vancouver
and uh you know i vancouver conducts twitter's weird they were saying they don't want him i'm
like man this guy's got experience and you know i definitely think they can use that uh that extra
energy around the franchise and actually speaking speaking of energy Eagle Energy started as a great idea.
Take all the benefits of an energy drink and remove the negatives to create an innovative product that delivers caffeine faster without any calories or sugar.
What is it, Biz?
Eagle Energy is a caffeine inhaler made of all natural plant-based ingredients, providing the user with a natural energy boost via inhalation.
But what's in it, Biz?
Guarana, ginseng, and taurine.
The guarana fruit packs twice the concentration of caffeine than a coffee bean. Enhances energy levels, mood,
and reaction time. But Biz, tell me more. Well, Grinelli, each Eagle contains approximately 400 inhalations. It can last a day or a week. Grinnells, you're in control. The suggested
serving size to provide fast-acting energy boost is 25 consecutive inhalations.
When you inhale caffeine, it is metabolized rapidly.
Who wants to wait 30 minutes?
With zero sugar and zero nicotine, difficult to find a healthier way of getting your energy boost.
Eagle Energy is perfect for someone who
is always on the go, whether you're studying or on a long trip, partying or on the ski hill.
Eagle Energy is always within reach. Wow. Wait, Biz, don't forget with the code Biz20,
our listeners get 20 off. That's right. Biz20, B-I-Z-2-0 for 20 off.
Crushed it.
Crushed it.
No joke.
In Toga this weekend, some kid, I was talking to him,
Chicklets fan.
I was like, I'm exhausted.
This isn't even part of the ad read, everyone.
He's like, dude, I have one of your Eagle Energies.
He's like, those things are unbelievable.
I'm like, do you have one you haven't opened or used yet? He's like, yeah. I'm like, can I have it? He's like, dude, I have one of your Eagle energies. He's like, those things are unbelievable. I'm like, do you have one?
You haven't opened or used it? He's like, yeah. I'm like, can I have it?
He's like, yup, dude.
I sucked on the thing for the next two days and was buzzing around up there.
It's an absolute beauty product.
And it tastes good. Kind of tastes like Red Bull.
It's exactly what I said. I go,
I'm basically inhaling Red Bull for the next 48 hours without all the negative
side effects. We need to get some more sent this way, biz.
We need some more sent these.
I'll get you some free ones.
Grinnelli, you were sucking them all fucking road trip.
Oh, I loved them.
I needed it.
I loved it.
Mix in the water, Grinnelli.
Fuck.
Anyways, enough of the chit-chat.
We want to take it to the two great interviews we did.
Milan Lucic and Joel Edmondson back-to-back.
So, take it away.
and Joel Edmondson back-to-back.
So take it away.
And welcome back.
Another episode of Kelowna Interviews with Joel Edmondson.
And we were roasting you pretty good with the shens.
I hear that, yeah.
I thought I had a bad body.
I proved you wrong.
You know what it was?
It was in training camp when I first met you,
and you were actually injured at the time. I believe your back was hurting you.
I had no back, yeah.
Yeah.
Is that why you can't hold the mic up to your mouth?
You want it real tight?
Okay.
We got to keep it real tight.
We want to hear what you're saying.
You're a soft-spoken guy.
I am, yeah.
But, yeah, I had a bad back.
I thought my body was looking pretty tight back then, too.
I don't know.
I mean, agree to disagree.
The good news is you look a lot better now and you look
like you're ready to, uh, to sign a nice big fat contract. What's happening with that? I hope so.
Uh, talks are starting up right now. So I got my ARB date on the 25th. So hopefully in the next,
well, I guess in the next 10 days we'll, we'll find out. Whoa. I mean, that's something I never
had to deal with cause I was always signed cause I wasn't greedy. Now, what's the play on that?
So if you don't end up signing before that, you have to go there and does shit get messy?
Do you guys start talking shit about each other?
I guess, yeah.
We fly to Toronto and, you know, St. Louis has their case and they're trying to downplay me as much as they can.
So they have a pile of papers that just, you know, says I suck pretty much.
Just a video of all your pizzas
honestly minuses there's a few out there yeah and then and then what do you show them
why i should get paid more so like then the arbitrator just sits there he reads both reviews
and he just comes up with a number out of nowhere do you think the arbitration guy ever goes like
you bunch of fucking spoiled babies just figure this shit out and stop wasting my fucking time.
I don't know.
Braden's been telling me a bit about the arbitration.
Oh, Braden Shen has been there.
He's been there.
I don't know if he went through with it, though.
So I actually had one conversation about this with Tyson Berry,
who you guys are familiar with as well.
And he said the same thing.
He said it's a little tough having people in a courtroom or a room
tear you down that were pumping your tires about three months before this
and at the end of it you just stand up and shake hands and go about your business yeah it's kind
of weird and and and i'm sure that won't change your relationship with army though because he's
usually a pretty honest guy yeah i mean he called me a couple days ago he said you know if it has
to go to arbitration you know he's told me he's got to do his job agent's got to do his job he's like i don't want
to ruin this relationship so he's kind of gave me a heads up but he's the best you know and and i'll
never uh i'm forever grateful for him bringing me into training camp the one year with you guys
to collect per diem for two weeks and i got to hang out with ryan whitney who's who's not joining
us for that podcast today but nonetheless a great time but with Ryan Whitney, who's not joining us on the podcast today.
But nonetheless, a great time.
But I want to back it up all the way to the start.
Where you played your WHL career with the Kamloops Blazers.
I started off in Moose Jaw.
You did?
Yeah.
I just told you that.
Fuck.
Once in a while.
See, this is what happens.
Once in a while, the wheels come off.
And you've corrected me. But we don't know a lot of facts on this.
We usually like to just tell stories.
So you started your career in Moose Jaw.
Yeah, I didn't make it as a 16-year-old,
so I went back and played AAA in Brandon, Manitoba.
Just dummying kids because you're a freak.
Yeah, I was way bigger than everyone else.
I wasn't a skilled guy, so I was just out there wrecking people.
Just physically doing it, not mentally.
Yeah, exactly.
And then the next year I made Moose Jaw,
and I was there for two and a half years,
got drafted to St. Louis,
and then my 19-year-old year at the deadline,
got traded to Kamloops,
went out there for about five to six months,
and had the best time at Kamloops.
It's a great city.
Well, in Moose Jaw you play with Mike Stothers,
who coached me in junior and in the AHL to a Calder Cup championship,
not a big deal.
What was playing with Stutsy like?
Stutsy was awesome.
You know, he was an NHL tough guy.
You can tell just by looking at him.
He's got the big nose.
It's been busted up a couple times, but he's a player's coach.
All the guys liked him.
You know, he understands where we come from.
Do you ever reflect on his video sessions when he would just roast guys?
Oh, yeah.
I've been roasted several times by him.
I only had him for, I think it was half a year.
So I didn't really get to experience a full Stetsy,
but I remember some good stories from him.
Yeah, he used to get us pretty good.
And, you know, I'm sure if some of the things he was chirping us about
in these meetings got out, some people would be, you know pissed off about it for sure but i loved
it when he would call guys out and he would call me out same thing all the time and and i feel that
maybe that accountability is lost nowadays with how sensitive coaching is yeah and and it was it
was it was refreshing because i was with him in the American League a few years ago and you know he was still the same way but but even those young guys he
did it in a way where they they laughed at themselves and they wanted to play for him for
sure yeah I mean some guys took it the wrong way but at the end of the day you just have to laugh
about it and like he's trying to help you out so I learned a lot of good things from him yeah he's a
unreal coach now another thing when you got traded to
Kamloops I noticed that you kind of went on a little bit of an offensive explosion you ended
up getting seven goals in half the season there and that almost doubled your total of your your
previous two and a half years in junior yeah I went there and they you know they gave me the
opportunity on the power play and you know I'm not really a power play guy but I ran with it
they put you on the peeps first first pp yeah so how long did that coach last hey we had a good year conference
finals i saw that you guys had 15 playoffs games yeah our forwards were sick though so i saw the
lineups uh you know they just got the puck to me and i just shot on them they didn't
uh one thing though weren't a lot of your top end, a lot of guys who didn't really go on to have successful NHL careers.
You played with more guys in Moose Jaw that ended up going on to the NHL.
Yeah, I played with Morgan Riley, Braden Point,
and we had Quinton Howden, who's over in the KHL right now.
He had a stint in the NHL.
Dylan McElrath was a 10th overall pick.
No way.
Yeah, a truckie.
I fought him in the AHL, but he's an awesome guy. He's a
freak, but yeah, he's a great guy. So I've played with a bunch of great guys. There's still some
guys in Kamloops that are in the AHL and trying to make the crack at NHL, but there's just a lot
of talent comes out of the WHL, so I was lucky to play there. Did you guys ever make a run with
Moosejaw? Yeah, the year before that, I made the conference finals again with Moose Jaw.
Okay.
So we had a hell of a team.
We had Brain Point.
He got called up when he was 15, and he led our team in playoff scoring that year.
So that kind of took his career off.
And then, I mean, you mentioned that during your junior career,
you were drafted by St. Louis, correct?
Yeah.
In the second round.
Yeah, they had no first-round picks, so they had three second rounds, and it was Ty Ratty, Demetri Yaskin, correct? Yeah. In the second round. Yeah, they had no first round pick,
so they had three second rounds,
and it was Ty Ratty,
Demetri Yaskin, and then me.
Okay.
And Yaskin's still around
with the organization?
Yeah, he just signed
another one-year deal.
Awesome.
And then Ratty signed
in Edmonton this year.
So you played a little bit
in the American League,
and what I wanted to talk to you about
with St. Louis is all of a sudden
you finally end up getting called up, and you're going into a locker room that is just
stacked with names yeah i look at this roster i'll pull it up right here but even you can just off
the top of your head on that team at the time well as we were growing up my favorite player
was bowmeister and then i get drafted there and i'm in the dressing room with him and then i'm sitting behind beside him in the dress install i'm like
and then three months goes by and then he finally says hello to you you think i'm soft-spoken you
should like you have to sit right beside him to hear him but he's the nicest guy ever and then
that kind of just like you know i was like okay these guys are good guys like i i can fit in here
but they have like stasny steen list goes on and on
well yeah tarasenko steen stasny bacchus shattenkirk troy barrow was there fabry was in his i believe
his first year petrangelo latera had a great year that year too uh peranko schwartz bowmeister
bergland um we're going to get to a few more of these names, oh there you are at the bottom
but this is HockeyDB so it goes by points
that's why you're so low, Scott
Gomez, Scotty Gomez, he was there
oh my, just a lot of
funny names, so that locker room must have been laughs
oh that's all it was, and we had
guys like Ryan Reeves and Shattenkirk who
kind of led the way, we had Upshaw, so
I mean it was just non-stop, Steve Ott was there
Steve Ott
now he's my coach so St. Louis is a fun spot to play they always you know it's always good guys
that work hard but at the same time we like to have fun I think Bo Meester to me when I spent
that training camp there was the most interesting guy because you could tell he just he like loves
the banter oh yeah he just sits back in the weeds sometimes he'll mumble shit under his breath though if you're beside him and he'll just chirp
guys just to you and like just so you two can laugh and it's hilarious he like he never holds
back but it's just so silent like you can't hear him sometimes yeah he he doesn't he's not speaking
up no never but i mean if he speaks up in the dress room everyone zones in like yeah
listens to what he's saying because he's a smart guy at the same time it's like a zach morris time
out from safe by the bell and he shuts the fuck up and that's some talk uh you know uh moving
forward here i talked uh yeah we spelled my name wrong he's looking at my cheat sheet here
that's you know what that's why i fucked up your junior thing because because my
producer here mike granelli messed it up i'm not taking i'm not taking the minus on that one that
was an empty net minus is what that was one guy did not mention though on that list of players
when you got to st louis was scotty upshaw what a special human being i've been with him for the
past three years i've learned a lot from him on and off the ice.
This is a credit to Scotty.
I am shocked that he can still get around the ice like he can based off his He flies around out there.
Flies.
Yeah.
Takes care of his body, but he does love to have a good time.
He has a good time, but I've never seen anyone take such good care of his body.
Yoga.
Everything in the book, he does.
Eating, breathing exercises.
Could he know the most random things of any human being alive?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know if they're true, but he always has something to say about it.
Yes.
He's always got something to say about everything, and for the most part, he's right, but you never know.
Yeah, I usually hit the Google search after I talk to Scotty, but most of the time it seems as if though that's where he got his knowledge from
he plays it off like he knows it so he sells me on it uh one thing that i learned from him was uh
how to appreciate music yes same i've been to several concerts with him in the past three years
should we talk about the time we went to the killers concert when the coyotes were playing
the st louis blues last year and then we ended up spanking you guys the next day
oh let's pass okay we'll skip that one we're gonna skip that great concert though we'll take
it was a really good concert uh and you guys get the golf together in the off season a little bit
you guys been on a golf trip have you not um we've been on several trips every bi-week or all-star break we go somewhere together um
at the end of the year we went to pelican hill newport beach and that's where he spends his
off season yeah that's where he's posted up all year so um golf there for a couple days and then
me and my other buddy took off and went to coachella really what was that like it was
unreal it was weekend two so it wasn't as good as week one, but it's still a blast. Yeah, I feel like weekend two is probably a little nicer,
a little less chaos. I mean, it was still chaos. I haven't really experienced weekend one, but
we golfed the one day, and then we went to Nobu for dinner, and we were sitting there. We're like,
do we really want to? You're supposed to say not a big deal if you say Nobu for dinner. I was
waiting for you to say it. Not a big deal. big deal so yeah we're just sitting at no boo and we're like this could be our only chance to go to
coachella because we have a pretty good team coming up for the next couple years so we're like you
know what let's just rent a car in the morning and drive to coachella so that was random it was all
within 12 hours and we just woke up got a car and drove there who'd you get to see uh post malone
odessa oh i heard odessa live is really good it was unbelievable that was my favorite concert Woke up, got a car, and drove there. Who'd you get to see? Post Malone, Odessa.
Oh, I heard Odessa Live is really good.
It was unbelievable.
That was my favorite concert by far.
What were the females like there?
Do you have a girlfriend right now?
No.
So we can talk about this.
We can talk, yeah.
They're stunning.
It was insane.
I've never seen anything like it.
But I heard Weekend One's a bit better.
Well, you're getting a lot more of the celebrity girls, too.
A lot of the Instagram.
I don't know if I want that.
I was like, these are the normal girls.
Yeah, because you can't pick up that echelon of women.
At least on my bod.
You're batting in the mid-range.
You never know.
Do you go shirts off when you're at Coachella?
No.
Actually, I did during Vance Joy.
I mean, it's in the desert.
You've got to play to your strength, too,
because you're not working with a lot of tops.
You've got to put out those muscles in the six-pack.
I was leaking right through my shirt, so I ripped it off.
Everyone else was doing it.
Did you post any pictures?
People get weird about posting pictures right now because it seems like it's a little cliche.
I posted a picture in front of the Ferris wheel.
Okay, but did you put the crown on?
No, I never know.
I had the high socks, though.
I feel like it's Coachella feel.
High socks, the van shoes.
I had whatever you want to...
Yeah, cover up for the dust.
Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely.
You got to prepare for that.
It's not like going to Burning Man, but it's pretty similar.
One thing I want to talk about is was my time in at training camp there is i thought it was
hilarious how the boys on the team interacted with hitchcock i knew you're gonna bring this up
yeah and you were a young guy there too so you you weren't saying much to him and you're i mean
you don't say much at all anyway but why would they call him muskrat when he would walk in the
room honestly i don't even know it's just it was a nickname ever since i got there and there's just so whenever you walk by someone be like
muskrat like it was in the weirdest voice too and i i would say it was steve ott leading the way
because he had him in dallas for sure so he was probably the most comfortable with him and when
he yeah when he would walk in the room a lot of the older guys would call they would start uh
under their breath muskrat muskrat muskrat and of the older guys would call, they would start, uh, under their breath, muskrat, muskrat,
muskrat.
And,
but the best part about it is Hitch would have this smirk come up on his face. He loves it.
He fucking loved it.
He eats it all up.
Like even when guys like talk back to him on the bench,
like it gets him going.
I don't know.
He loves it.
And so in training camp,
I saw him bark at Steen and Steen kind of turn around.
He's like,
shut the fuck up.
Yeah.
But,
but Hitch loved it.
Cause that's what he wanted to do.
He wanted to rile you up so you got fired up.
And one thing about Hitch, when he did that,
he'd usually call your number again.
So Steen would be right back up, and I loved that.
I mean, he's a Hall of Fame coach, so, I mean, it was weird.
It was my first training camp or his exhibition games.
The season was coming up, and I was on the bench,
and Troy Brow was just a new guy on the team.
And he yells at him, or coming off the ice, he's yelling at Brow.
And Brow just looks at him, he's like, shut the fuck up.
And I'm like, oh my God.
This guy just told the coach to go fuck himself, basically.
He just told the Hall of Fame coach to fuck himself.
And then next shift, someone else does it.
And I'm like, I was just blown away.
I couldn't believe it.
Because I was trying to make the team.
I'm listening to everything he's saying. I'm trying, I was just blown away. I couldn't believe it. Because I was trying to make the team. I'm listening to everything he's saying.
I'm like trying to do everything right.
And then these guys are just coming off like F-bombing him.
I could understand where normal people in society don't interact with their bosses
and people in their office like that.
But it's just water off a duck's back in a hockey locker room
where that shit happens like most every game.
Where things get heated and another thing that people who don't play at that level or maybe who have never played don't
take into consideration is the fact that you're coming off the ice after sprinting for 45 seconds
so you have little to no oxygen in your brain at that point and you're sucking back wind and then
all of a sudden someone's like oh you didn't dump it in good enough. And that's how Hitch talked.
Oh, yeah.
It's like, shoot the puck.
Something just like that.
So it's like your mom yelling you to clean your room.
And it's just nonstop.
After doing a 400-meter sprint.
And you go nuclear sometimes.
For sure.
It definitely wears guys down.
But when guys bark back, it's hilarious.
It's funny to watch.
See, I think I played five and a half
years of the nhl after or before i'd been to training camp with you guys and i still would
never have have had the balls to say that to hitch actually remember when you stepped on the ice the
first first practice you came out there and pretend like you couldn't skate yeah but then i realized
you just can't skate you're like holding on to the boards and like shaking which uh another
another funny thing that happened in training camp with st louis that the guy the guys used
to fuck around hitch all the time is he would have his board on the near side of the ice because
hitch you know doesn't move he doesn't move he barely laced up his skate he would waddle out to
the ice and he would stay on the this this you know the same boards and and hang on the boards
the whole practice and i think otter would take the the whiteboard and he would move it across the
ice so so hitch would have to skate across and and do the whiteboard there but he but hitch probably
knew that that was happening and he was probably laughing just like when you tell him to go fuck
himself the funniest thing is because he wouldn't move so guys would like wrap the puck around the glass and he'd just stand there and
take it like he's not getting out of the way of the puck so like boys just humming the puck around
the glass and it's coming right for him and he's just like he doesn't move yeah just wears it it's
hilarious would he would he try to look who it was he didn't care didn't care he was probably coming from a lot of guys yeah for
sure all angles oh man uh now you know he he's obviously not there anymore and you guys have
yozy yeah and he's great have you guys heard any stories about this guy in in the ahl when mike
gill was playing there i heard he used to be a tough guy killer yeah that's what i hear i haven't
watched any videos or anything in and actually he was my assistant coach in the American League.
Houston?
No, in Wilkes-Barre with the Scranton.
And then he was up in the NHL.
And I didn't know he'd fought in the AHL at this point,
but I was having some issues in Pittsburgh,
and they kept sending me down to the coast because, you know,
I was young and a punk and doing shitty things.
But we reconciled.
But it was the training
camp where they were kind of still screwing me over and i got fully dressed because my name was
on the list for to play in one of the scrimmage games like the blue and white kind of game or
yeah in that case yellow and white and he comes in right before we're going on and he's like oh
hey yeah you're not going you're not playing in the scrimmage. And I was just like, how about you fucking tell me next time
before I get dressed?
And this guy, you could see the look in his face.
He wanted to turn around and wring my neck out.
And it was disrespectful for me to say,
and I've apologized to him later on for it,
but luckily his wires didn't cross
and luckily he didn't beat the fucking shit out of me
because he probably could have.
I know, I've got to watch these fights on YouTube if they're up there because, I mean,
looking at him, you wouldn't really believe he's a tough guy,
but I guess he could toss him back in the day.
Yeah.
I think he was more of a light heavyweight, maybe middleweight,
but he would just kill guys.
You're probably looking forward to this season.
Hopefully you get a contract workout with St. Louis
so you can uh
you could join the super team it's looking pretty good right now yeah i'm i'm very excited about what
we did this offseason yeah you you guys are kind of like the warriors now you guys went went and
traded everything away for riley you guys got bozak of course you got shenner back you guys
signed maroon you got some shady what What do you get? 1.75?
That's a bargoon.
Yeah, he took less to be in St. Louis.
Hometown kid, too.
Well, actually, that's not what I heard.
I heard he took less just so they could re-sign you.
Oh, okay.
I'll take it.
That's the rumor going around here.
Our facts aren't great on Spittin' Checkouts, but that's just what I've heard.
No, yeah, he's a big body.
We need it up front.
So it's a good addition to our team. And then O'Reilly. Yeah, he's a big body. We need it up front, so it's a good addition to our team.
And then O'Reilly coming in, he's a great player,
but I think he's a good addition in the dressing room.
He's a great guy.
I think all the boys will love him.
We played with him at Worlds, me and Schenner,
so we know what he's all about, and we're happy to have him.
I don't really know much about Bozak.
Same thing.
I think Armstrong's doing his research as
far as character is concerned on most guys and you guys have another awesome fun team yeah that's
for sure and then we got perron coming back for his third stint in st louis so all the boys already
know him there you know he's familiar with the city yeah yeah that guy doesn't unpack his suitcase
as he gets moved around quite a bit uh he's like the throwing guy every time he's like are
you fucking kidding me you're like yeah but they asked you to throw him in so we threw you in
kind of like steiner when he was in toronto i don't know if you heard that story they were
getting carlo coliacovo back to st louis for lee stepaniak and someone in st louis in the gm office
was like hey i i don't know if i don't know if they're crazy about Steener.
See if they'll throw Steener in.
And Steener was a throw-in.
No way.
Yeah.
So maybe ask him about that.
Maybe knock him down a few pegs.
The last thing I wanted to ask you before we wrap this up is what's it like having Steve Ott as a coach now
after you've played with him?
It was actually weird because it was after his last year.
He retired and then we all went to Steen's wedding. And then once we're there, we're like, oh, he's actually our coach now. It was actually weird because it was after his last year he retired,
and then we all went to Steen's wedding.
And then once we're there, we're like, oh, he's actually our coach now.
So, I mean, it hasn't really changed.
He's still the same guy.
But at the wedding, we're all just going crazy,
and our coach is just right there watching us.
But, you know, he was in the mix too.
Yeah, yeah.
What's wrong with Otter?
Is he not feeling great?
He's like, no, no, he's our fucking coach now.
Yeah, no, he wasn't holding back, that's for sure he had his little uh coach's notepad
writing down numbers like you guys were just went minus on the ice but it's nice to have a coach
like that that understands all the guys you know he's he's in the dressing room all the time joking
around he's still part of the boys so you know what that actually leads me into my my second
last question of this one thing about st louis when i was there i noticed
is all these these guys that are around with the organization still you got al mckinnis yeah you
got i mean walt was there at the time i don't know if he's still involved with the title but just all
these names so there's like there's an added pressure with all these greats that are there
for sure but yeah they're always around the rink they're always walking around the dressing room
you know they talk to you and i think it's just St. Louis is a
great city. So everyone wants to kind of settle down there. Beautiful suburbs. So it's a great
spot to have a family, but around the rink. Yeah, they're always around and they're always in the
stands. You always want to put up, play your best game. Well, Joel, that, sorry about my assistant
here spelling your last name wrong, but I knew it. And Joel Edmondson, thank you for joining us on this podcast.
Looking forward to airing it.
And once again, get this arbitration over.
Don't take anything personally.
And if you need to call me afterward to tell me what they said to you
and get some things off your chest, I'm just a phone call away, buddy.
All right.
That's good to know.
Thanks, Miz.
Thank you.
That interview was brought to you by HIMSS.
Fellas, you're getting a little older and some problems guys don't want to talk about.
Sexual performance issues.
Over 25 of new ED cases are guys under 40.
Nobody wants to talk about it, but it's an issue.
But here are chicklets who are very positive and we want you to talk about it and we want you to fix any issues.
Even the world's greatest actor can't fake it.
Some guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing when they can turn to medicine and science.
The solution is simple, 4hims.com.
It's a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual wellness for men.
And again, this stuff works.
Take my word for it, man.
You get a little older, the soldier don't salute like you did when you were younger.
You might need a little help.
That's what 4hims.com is for.
These aren't snake oil pills.
They're no gas station counter supplements.
They're prescription solutions backed by science.
One ED pill does the trick, man.
I'm telling you, this stuff works.
You need it.
Don't be ashamed to go out and get it.
Guys, it happens.
No problem.
It's a little situation you deal with.
No big deal.
4hims is here to take care of it.
Being your best means performing your best, and that's what 4HIMS is for.
Try HIMS for a month today for just 5.
We'll get you started for just 5 while supplies last.
See the website for full details.
This would cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or a pharmacy.
Go to 4HIMS.com slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey. 4HIMS.com slash hockey. That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey.
bullhims.com slash hockey.
Now it's my pleasure to introduce
to you a guy who helps, well not
single-handedly, but he'll bring back the big bad
Bruins hockey that we got a few years ago.
Brought a Stanley Cup back to the town.
6'3", 240, the Serbian
nightmare.
Welcome to Spin Chiklets, brother. Thanks for having me, nightmare. That's a spin checklist, brother.
Thanks for having me, guys.
It's nice to be on the podcast here.
And we're going to give Rear Admiral just a minute
because he just came everywhere getting introduced.
Come everywhere for the Looch Dog.
So, Looch, man, 11 years ago this fall was your rookie year.
It feels like we blinked and you're already a 30-year veteran.
What's it been like?
Has it been a whirlwind?
Does it,
has it been as fast for you as it has for us fans watching it?
Yeah,
it's,
it's,
it's pretty crazy.
It's pretty crazy to think back that it's been already 11 years.
It's really funny.
I,
I packed for like two weeks when I first went to that camp.
Cause you know,
you're 19 years old and I was a second round pick and I was like
you know we just came off winning the Memorial Cup in Vancouver and you know I was I was ready
and pumped to go back to Vancouver with the Giants and and you know defend the title and all that
type of stuff so I was like hey you know it'll be great I'll go to Bruins camp again play maybe
you know one or two exhibition games and and I'll be back with the Giants back in Vancouver.
And so, yeah, I packed like one suit and one shirt, one tie and had clothes for like two weeks.
And I was actually I was actually like bringing my socks and underwear to the to the rink and putting them like in my gitch so that they would get washed.
Cause,
uh,
you know,
like I said,
I,
I packed for,
I packed for like two weeks and I ended up,
you know,
making the team and,
and,
and sticking around.
So it's pretty crazy that it's been,
uh,
that it's been 11 years and my life has changed a lot in 11 years a lot has happened uh more good
than bad but you know both have happened in my life in the last 11 years and i'm hoping to ride
this so uh for as long as i can and enjoy it as long as i can because i know i have more years played than I have left. So I'm going to do my best to hopefully win another Stanley Cup here.
So you had the equipment guys doing your personal laundry.
That's a new one for the chicklets here.
Now, I want to go back to October 18, 2007.
You're 19.
You're still wearing the six-doos from camp.
You don't even have the 17 yet.
What a bender number, Looch, 62.
Oh, it's the bad number.
2-17 in your first NHL
game. 6-2, 2-24
at Nick Tarnaski on Tampa decides
to nibble at the new kid. You pummel
him. Absolutely pummel him. What's going
through your mind on the way to the penalty box?
You have two minutes in your first NHL game and you just beat
the shit out of a guy.
You know, I just wanted to do whatever I can to just, you know,
stick around in the show and on the team.
And, you know, lo and behold, I mean, to be honest,
I'll be perfectly honest here.
I knew nothing about the city of Boston.
And to be honest, other than Ray Bork and Joe Thornton,
I didn't really even know anything about the Bruins,
really, being a kid out of Vancouver.
So, I mean, it couldn't have been more than a perfect fit
of me being in Boston with all the guys that they had before me.
And I remember when I had that fight,
and I think it was opening night in Boston
where they said it was 13,000 against Tampa,
but it was probably around 9 or 10.
But it was pretty loud, and the fans were loving it.
And, you know, I was feeling, you know, being 19 years old,
you know, young and all that type of stuff,
I think there was probably a pretty big smile on my face
on the way to the penalty box.
I was feeling pretty good about myself and all that type of stuff.
To fight, like you said, two minutes into my first shift
in my first home game in the Garden,
it was a pretty cool feeling to get that first one out of the way, especially with how the fight went.
So, Looch, Tarnaski, I think, was like, who the fuck was that guy?
And I remember seeing that fight.
I was in Pittsburgh, and like number 62, this monster,
I said the same thing.
Who is that monster out there, dummy, in Nick Tarnaski who could fight,
can fight if he's still playing?
I don't even know.
So the year before, you're saying you guys won the Memorial Cup
and you're in van.
You know, 147 pims, also led the team in scoring.
So I feel like the Bruins probably said, all right, well,
this kid's kind of done everything he can do in junior.
Did you expect to fight as much as you have in your career?
I've always wondered because you've been able to score goals, but it seems like you almost like it.
So did you plan on this as you thought about being in NHL when you were younger?
Well, every level that I've had to make, whether it was junior B,
and then I went from junior B to the BCHL and to the WHL and to the NHL.
The only reason why I got noticed and got a shot on these teams was because I could
fight.
And it was something that, I mean, I know there's a lot of guys that say, you know,
I did it because I had to and all that type of stuff.
And, you know, especially as of late this summer, you've read a couple guys, you know, say all these things.
But for me, I've always enjoyed it.
Even in junior, I mean, three years in junior, I fought 69 times.
Nice.
And then, you know, I think my first year I had 13 fights
as a 19-year-old fighting men in the NHL.
And, like, it was always something that, you know, that,
that's been a part of me. I mean, I, I'm,
I'm the middle child of, of, of three brothers.
And you can just imagine the household growing up with me and my two brothers,
you know, having to fight each other and, and, and, you know,
take care of each other in high school and stuff like that.
If you know what I'm saying.
But it's always something I enjoyed.
I mean, there's even a YouTube clip of me in one of my boxing matches back when I was like 15 or 16 years old.
I mean, I enjoyed it.
Like, I took boxing lessons, uh, mainly for, to get into shape,
but then I ended up being good at it and,
and I enjoyed it.
So I,
I had three boats when I was 15 and 16.
I'm,
I'm two in one,
by the way.
Uh,
but yeah,
I,
I,
I,
I always enjoyed it.
It's something that's never really bothered me.
And,
uh,
but,
uh, you know, Witteritter and Biz you guys know this
I mean back when I joined the league in 07 08 you know kind of when you guys joined the league too
you know there was a lot more willing combatants back then than there is now and um you know you
know it's funny even Chloe told me one time you know if i didn't show as a 19 year old that i
could hold my own they probably would have sent me back to junior so i mean i fought three times
an exhibition and then four times in the first 10 games of the year before they had to make the
decision whether i was going back or not and it was because you got one paycheck and you're like
i ain't fucking leaving yeah exactly you know well the first one was like 10 grand and i was like oh
my god this is the most money in the world blah blah it was a three-day check yeah i was making
500 that year 70 million later yeah and then yeah so you know i mean that wasn't the sole reason why
they kept me around as a 19 year old but you know it that wasn't the sole reason why they kept me around as a 19-year-old.
But, you know, it was a big reason why they kept me around because I could hold my own.
And honestly, if it wasn't for that, I don't know if I would have had such a successful hockey career.
And to be honest, if I was 10 years younger, born in 98 98 versus 88 and i had to do it all over again
i don't know if i would have even got a sniff or or anything looked at because the reason why like
i said i got on to all these teams because i could fight and now there's like some like i think in
the ohl what is it you get like three fights or something and you're suspended a game after that
yeah i've thought about it too.
I would have been fucked.
Yeah, we both would have been completely fucked.
Like we wouldn't like you wouldn't be doing what you're doing today if it wasn't for it.
And I wouldn't be either.
Who knows what we'd be?
I'd probably be a longshoreman right now.
Like the rest of my buddies in Vancouver.
Basically a rival.
I'd be shampooing Whitney's car r Boston yeah exactly so yeah exactly so I've
I've always but I've always enjoyed it though uh though the whole time the whole time through my
hockey career that's for sure and Looch I mean your first year in the WHL you had 150 penalty
minutes and do you think that establishing yourself in
that role helped you maybe get some space in the following year maybe a little bit more respect
where then you didn't necessarily have to focus on much as that where everybody knew who the
fuck you were in your 16 year old year by the time it was over where the next year i mean christ i'm
looking at your hockey db man you had 30 goals and
38 assists that year you hadn't put up points like that before probably since like minor hockey
yeah it was just like it was like a a confidence that uh came within because I had established
myself uh from the year before and like I think I fought like, I don't know,
it was like 23 or 24 times a year before.
And, you know, it was, it was, you know, it was like,
and the guys that I fought was like Fraser McLaren and Aaron Bugar.
And you're in the Western League,
so they're all grown men with fake certificates.
Yeah, and they were at 6'4", 6'5", all of them, 230 plus.
And, I mean, look at my draft year.
If you have the HockeyDB right in front of you.
I had nine goals and ten assists, and I got taken in the second round.
Are you kidding me?
What team would take a kid today with nine goals and ten assists in the second round are you kidding me what what team would take a kid today with
nine goals and 10 assists in the second round that's no no team is taking anyone a team with
good scouts the gm would get fired yeah that's what i'm saying so uh but yeah it like you said
you know then i jumped from from nine goals and 10 assists to 30 goals and 68
points. And my penalty minutes are, were basically exactly the same. Uh, you know, it just, but going
in from my first year to my second year, it just gave me that, that confidence that I could,
you know, I didn't have to really focus on, on making my name, a name for myself. As far as the
fisticuffs went, it was more working on my game
and all that type of stuff and and i was lucky that i had a coach like you know don hay and and
other coach craig bonner and the gm scott bonner who believed in me and gave me the chance to
to perform and and the ice time to perform because, you know, they could have kept me as a third or fourth liner in my 18 year old year,
but they gave me top six minutes after coming off a 19 point season.
And, you know, that was a vote of confidence that, you know,
that they put in me as well, that helped me achieve what I achieved that season.
Looch, when was it the Bruins realized you could do more than just break faces?
Like, you know, obviously you said you were fighting to stay.
When was it like when they're like, all right,
this guy's got a lot more than just beating people up.
You can, you can score some goals.
How like did that just kind of come together like after the fight?
And what did it, was it like a sort of piece of the pie?
All right.
Are you kind of referring to the fact that like you go from a bottom six,
all of a sudden you're a top six.
Like that's a big fucking jump, right?
Yeah. A guy who he thought he was going back a top six. Like that's a big fucking jump, right? Yeah.
A guy who he thought he was going back to juniors.
Now he's on the roster and now a couple of years later,
he's scoring 30 goals.
Like I just want to hear about that progression.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, I just talked about the coaches in,
in with the giants.
I think the coaches with the Bruins, they, you know, they,
they saw something in me as well, where they were able to give me, uh,
that opportunity and they believed that I could step up and they'd be that
player. I mean, uh, you know, I worked a lot with Jeff Ward,
who was the assistant coach at the time. And even Claude worked, you know,
one-on-one with me at times, obviously he's a head coach.
So he had a lot more to worry about.
But I worked mostly with Jeff Ward.
And, you know, it was funny.
It's funny how it goes in sports.
Sometimes, you know, you get your chance by somebody that's ahead of you getting injured and i remember that year it was like i think peter schaefer uh pj asselson and
jeremy reach who were all left wingers all got uh injured at the same time so the only two left
wingers that were left were me and marco stern and marco stern obviously was you know already
an established nhler and you know he He was the first left winger.
But then after that, I think it was after game 45 or whatever,
I got more of an opportunity to play.
At the time, it's pretty funny.
We were all pretty young.
Me, Kessel, and Krejci were aligned.
We ended up being a pretty good line, the three of us.
You think?
Yeah.
I think we'd be a pretty good line today if you put the three of us you think yeah i mean we i think we'd be a pretty good line today if we
if you put the three of us together but anyways yeah we ended up you know playing well and and
and you know uh i think all of us ended up you know gaining some confidence because
you know still was in his second year and me and kretsch were rookies and we kind of just
you know saw that we could we could play and we had a coach
that believed in us and kept putting us out there to play to eventually by the end of the year you
know uh i was playing with mark savard and uh glenn murray in the playoffs and you know mark
savard back then was a was a 90 point guy and the fact that you know that he saw that I could keep up and play with
him was I don't know I I can't explain it to you how I went from a guy that was like averaging
five and a half minutes for the first 40 games a year to playing on the first line at the end of
the year I don't know what happened or what it was I think like I said the injury to those left
wingers helped me get that opportunity.
But also it was, you know, the coaches seeing something in me
that they just kept putting me out there that, you know, again,
it was something, a confidence that they had in me.
So, you know, it helped me build my confidence and it took me to the level
that I ultimately got to reach,
especially with the Bruins.
So, Looch, my rookie year in Pittsburgh,
they gave me six and 19 opened up.
So once I kind of realized that I was there to stay for that year,
I asked to be switched to 19.
And guys, they're like,
this Ichabod Crane fucking goofball is asking to change numbers.
I'm assuming that did not happen to you because they saw what you were doing.
But did you finally get the balls to say, can I have 17?
Or did somebody ask you if you wanted to switch out of that brutal six deuce?
So I remember it was like after game eight or nine.
And Peter brought me into his office and told me that i was staying for the year
and oh what a no joke not a word of a lie the first thing that i said was can i change my
number that was the first thing that i said it was like it was like you're staying boom can i
change my number because like i just felt like a like a linebacker out there. I didn't, you know, like I just, and Mike Richards.
Yeah, Mike, like, you know, you're 62 and like, you know,
you look way bigger than you are.
Like 17 made me look a little trimmer, you know,
because it's like the one in the seven, you know, the way it was.
And like, I remember even Mike Richards said to me, my 10th game, he goes,
you know, we test in this league and i'm
just like rolling my eyes going are you kidding me like i switched my shoulder pads and my number
the very next game that was the last game that i wore number 62 was against the flyers and when
mike richard said that to me he goes you know we test in this league you know i was just like oh
fuck man and i literally changed my shoulder pads to smaller shoulder pads and changed my number the very next day and yeah that's that's that's my uh
story but like you said i i didn't i didn't get a hard time from from the older guys but they
definitely made me put money on the board because i did switch my number. I'd pay big money for someone to have ever said to me,
you know we tested this.
That is the ultimate kind of compliment in a way.
Yeah.
Looch, who were the guys early on in your career in Boston,
like in the locker room that kind of took you under their wing?
I mean, I see a guy like Sean Thornton.
Of course, there's some older guys when you first started. And, and it was also a lot different than guys would take you out for
beers as opposed to telling you what the best diets are. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. That
was, that was a huge difference, especially with the group that I was, I was with a group of,
uh, a lot of beauties. And, uh, I would say the main one was definitely uh sean thorne as far as the older
guys went uh i mean i got to spend my first seven years with him and honestly he if it wasn't for him
you know taking all the pressure off me as far as you know fighting the the super heavyweights
which you know he took care of uh you know I might not be here telling you that I enjoyed fighting, uh, as much as I have
throughout my career, but, uh, you know, there was him, um, you know, Mark Stewart was my roommate
for my first two years. So, you know, he kind of, uh, helped me, you know, show, show me the ropes
of, you know, how to live on your own and, and, and all that type of stuff. And, you know, show me the ropes of, you know,
how to live on your own and all that type of stuff.
And, you know, I spent a lot of time on non-game days,
non-game nights at Mark Savard's house.
And he loved it because we'd go over and hot stove and watch games together.
So he loved that.
And, you know, also I remember when I first got told after I was staying to find a place,
me and Mark Stewart had a little trouble finding a place.
So I ended up living with Peter Schaefer and his wife my first year for two weeks.
And so they helped me out and show me some things.
And even, you know, Glenn Murray was my stalemate.
And, you know, I'm still good friends with Glenn.
And, you know, it was great because he just, you know,
showed me how to get ready on a daily basis for practice
and all that type of stuff.
And how to play guilty?
Yeah.
I think they all had a little bit to do with that, but, uh, but you know what? It was, it was, it was, it was,
I was really fortunate as a 19 year old to have all those guys in our group.
And, and not to mention even, you know, Glenn Metropolitan and, uh,
and, and PJ Axelson were really great.
Chuck Cobasue and Andrew Ferentz would have me over for dinner
time to time at their house.
Like I said, I was lucky that I had a lot of guys like that.
Even the sheriff, Shea Knighty, was great because he was one of those older guys that would
just chirp the younger guys and put us in their place and make sure we were
doing things the right way,
which was great looking back now,
you know,
at times where we thought he was a dick,
you know,
you know,
I'm,
I'm thankful that I had a guy like that,
that would put me in my place to make sure I was doing things the right and
honest way.
And, and even, you know, when I even when I told you guys before, I mean, I showed up to camp with two weeks' worth of clothes.
Aaron Ward gave me five old suits of his.
I mean, I was kind of swimming in them, but, you know, it was still five suits for a rookie coming out of junior to have five.
That's how Witt used to wear suits, like NBA draft suits.
Well, that's what I looked like going away, going to games.
You have the flood pants at the bottom and all that type of stuff.
Yeah, but nobody chirps you, dude.
It's different.
Yeah, it was just played out yeah but nobody chirps you dude it's different yeah it was yeah
like it you know there was a lot of guys on that team even even even marco stern um and stuff like
that so yeah he was a great guy so i i think i was very fortunate with the group that i was in
with and even the young guys that you know we, we, that I would hang out with,
with, uh, my first year with, with, with crutch and, and, uh, Mark Stewart and, and Phil sometimes.
And, uh, who else do we have that year?
Just trying to think.
Oh, I think you've named every single player you've ever played with.
Well, I just, you know, I mean, one thing I've always had.
Are you just reading HockeyDB right now on every one of your fucking...
I wish, I wish.
I've always had a pretty good memory for guys I played with and all that,
and guys I played against.
So that's one of the useless talents that I have in my life.
So in the locker room, Looch, didch, was it Sean Thorne's locker room?
Did he kind of run the show in there?
Was it Zidane O'Chara calling the show?
Who was the chief bounce from the Bruins locker room back then?
Seems like Thorny would be the guy.
Well, Thorny was obviously a very vocal guy,
and he didn't care who you were.
He made sure that
you know the dressing room was ran right he made sure that you know everyone knew their role i mean
he would sometimes even you know go right up to big z and and you know tell him that we you know
needed more out of him sometimes which was oh my pretty impressive because i remember being in that
dressing room my first camp as an 18 year old,
I'm looking over at big Z going,
Holy fuck,
these are the guys I'm going to have to play against.
I'm like,
Holy shit.
But you know,
don't get me wrong.
Big Z when,
when,
when big,
when big Z spoke and big Z did something,
every,
everyone listened.
And,
you know,
I have a doubt,
most respect for, uh, who big big z is and and what he's all
about as a as a person as an athlete and and and and what he's become especially you know
where he was as a whl player where he was basically bambi on the ice to putting together uh
for me a hundred percent hall of fame career it's it's it's it's pretty
impressive and and big z knew what he had to do as far as sometimes it was just you know if the
team wasn't playing well if we were sluggish it was just even setting the tone in the gym
you know like big z would just pop out oh he chucks weight like a
a but luch i also heard he's a little bit cheap like never put money on the board
i heard he never took the boys out for a dinner and for a guy who's probably
that's the only knock on z is he's a little cheap, isn't he?
I got no comment on that.
Hey, that's why he rides his bike to the arena because he doesn't want
to pay for gas.
Hey, Looch.
Remember Lockout?
That Lockout year
when Big Z came back
from, like, I don't know if he was in Russia
or where he was. He was in Europe.
And he landed during the lockout
or wasn't even close to playing. He landed
at 3 in the morning and came to skate at 8.30.
I was like, this dude is psychotic.
Running the practice, bullying us all
around.
Yeah, and that's what he
was because he was such a
perfectionist and such a professional.
It was just in him like that
all the time and it was
it was it was i'm not gonna lie it was pretty cool to be around especially when he was in his
ultimate prime i mean you think he was up for the norris five times when i played with him
so it was it was definitely uh pretty cool to be around but uh you know he was our serious leader
kind of him and bergie were serious leaders
where you know i think uh authority and myself were more of the you know the vocal guys in the
room but you know you talk about that lockout man that brings back some terrible memories for me
i still have that picture with her you took of me laying out exhausted on the bench at BU. I saw that picture.
I still have it on my phone.
Jan showed me that picture when you guys were bag skating a little bit
and then you were keeled over.
But, hey, it sounds like Z's a good guy,
but he does sound like the type of guy who when the check comes,
he might go to the bathroom.
Yeah, I'm moved.
Because that's why I'm moving.
I respect the shit out of it.
I might have to start using that move a little bit here.
I feel like we've been having you horse divorce right now,
but I want to get to the main course.
And that, of course, is the 2011 Stanley Cup run, Milan.
That's what we all want to talk about here.
I mean, as a fan, I know the highs and the lows are absolutely incredible.
I can't imagine what it was like as a player just you know Montreal series the Tampa series just so
many things what what was that whole roller coaster like obviously it finished great but
I mean what how do you just pack that experience in just a few words I mean it was obviously uh
you know probably it was it was the best time i think i speak for everyone on that team was like
the best the best year the best time of our lives as far as as far as hockey goes and it wasn't just
a playoff run it was start to finish we started the year in europe we had four days in belfast
and then we had like six days in prague i think, Biz, you were on Phoenix that year, were you not?
That was the year you guys won the Cup.
We beat you the first game in Prague, and then the second game you guys beat us.
But, oh, my God, was that a time.
I was drunk the entire trip because I knew I wasn't playing.
You guys had a decent squad.
So I was health bombos.
I went to a free trip to Prague for nine days.
I just had to bag skate and stay in shape
exactly and and and as a team we did the same thing we like it was like being back in junior and you know you guys had recce there too i remember seeing him out the wrecking ball
the wrecking ball was yeah we and it was it was like from start to finish. And out of my 11 years, I don't think I've ever been on a team where we did
and so much together.
And when we were going out, it wasn't just like five or six guys going out.
It was like 15 to 20 guys going out every time we went out.
Not just in Prague.
When we had our green lights throughout the season and in different cities it was it was a tight team but i mean it couldn't have started
off worse than it did in that playoff run couldn't we lose our first two home games to montreal going
into montreal where we hadn't won a game in montreal for like three years or four years before
that so we're just like oh fuck is this is are we gonna get
swept here and embarrassed after the season that we just had and we somehow found a way to
get two wins in Montreal in game three and four and then you know it was kind of winning that
series we we we kind of you know gained some momentum and and momentum and won the whole thing.
But, I mean, it's definitely, for me,
it was something that will always be unforgettable.
And to be one of the guys that was on that team
to bring a cup back to Boston for the first time in 39 years,
it definitely meant a lot because of the sports city that Boston is
and what the Bruins mean to the city and the fans.
So it was definitely the highlight of my hockey career so far.
Looch, we've talked about it on here before, but after you guys won the Cup,
it looked like the biggest party ever.
You know, so what was that like and who threw the best Cup party?
It was a great time after we won.
But after watching everything Washington did this summer,
I mean, I feel like...
Getting bigger.
They're getting bigger.
I feel like I didn't do enough,
especially like the night of, the night after,
like, you know, all that type of stuff.
Especially with, you know, that type of stuff especially with
you know oh she's still doing those chugs through his jersey and all that type of stuff uh
i wish i you know i i feel like uh we could have done more but you know we had that one huge
shaker in uh foxwoods there that was that was a lot of fun and 150 000 tab right there right yeah it was it was it was pretty fun i'll say that and
fine fun fine fun paid it you know but uh no it was uh i mean i uh I threw a pretty good bash in Vancouver for my cup day.
I took it to my Serbian church in Serbian Hall in Vancouver for an hour
and just kind of took pictures with the community there.
And then I did a boat cruise for three hours in the middle of the day
that started at the Western bay shore and then went in
uh the georgia inlet you know between yaletown and uh why am i drawing a blank right now whatever
uh across from it 100 kills in that area yeah in there to where the arena is and then we circled
back and then we docked off uh where we started at
the western bay shore and then uh you know we had ended up having the party party up at grouse
mountain uh you know overlooking the city and all that type of stuff and yeah so i had a pretty good
pretty good shaker for mine uh i didn't unfortunately go to anyone else's on the on the team because uh no one was really
out west on our team but uh you know i definitely uh made the most out of that summer and uh i would
love nothing more than to have another summer and you know now i have kids i would love nothing more
than to share a cup day with them because when i did it the first time, I was 23 years old.
I would love nothing more than to do it again as a guy in his 30s.
Looch, I know there were some issues with fans in Vancouver
after you guys won the cup, after you rubbed it in their faces,
but do you still get chirped walking around there
or are people kind of like accepted the fact and got over it?
walking around there or people kind of like accepted the fact and got over it uh they've people people are now kind of finally a little bit over it i think mostly because there's
there's really no one i don't think there's anyone left on the canucks maybe edler yeah
maybe just edler is left on the canucks as far as that 2011 team goes.
But on our side, obviously, Berge, Marchi, Kretsch, Zee, Tuca,
and I think McQuaid are left in Boston.
But yeah, you know what?
They've kind of got over it, but in the back of their minds,
I don't think they have really fully got over it, but in the back of their minds, I don't think they have really fully gotten over it, which,
which kind of sucks because, you know, prior to that, you know,
when I went back every summer, you know,
I had such a good time being back home in Vancouver and, you know,
kind of, you know, the, all the Vancouver hockey fans, you know,
really embraced me being this kid from East Vancouver, you know, all the Vancouver hockey fans, you know, really embraced me being this kid from East Vancouver, you know,
making like a true Vancouver boy making, you know,
the NHL and doing so well on an original 16. So, you know, I was,
I was really embraced by the people of Vancouver and you know what,
to be honest, I embraced them as well. I was really, you know,
thankful for them embracing me. And to be honest, you know, the people of a lot of the fans most of the fans uh that night in game seven
you know stuck around and waited for me for my turn to raise the cup and if you go back and watch
the video yeah i remember that yeah they gave me a loud cheer like it was one of the the Canucks guys you know uh uh raised the cup uh that night
and you know they waited around and stuck around for my turn to raise the cup just so that they
could cheer for me and you know I'll always be grateful and thankful for all those fans that
that stuck around and you know and cheer for me, in the most, one of the most special nights of my life and which was awesome. But,
you know, just the aftermath of it all with, you know,
the city rioting and then all this stuff with me personally, it,
it kind of sucks. Um, but you know, it is what it is. Get this,
just get this.
I even had a lady who was like in her forties come up to me one time and say,
how could you do that?
How could you have like,
she,
she,
she basically told me you were the one that set this up.
You,
you made it so that Boston drafted you so that you could set up that you
played them in the,
in the Stanley cup final.
So you could win it.
Yeah.
Like this is some of the things that
people were saying to me after i won and this whole bullshit about about like oh we cheated uh
we paid the refs uh all this type of stuff and if you go back and look at the stats of the series
we actually had less power play opportunities than the canucks did, and we scored more shorthanded goals than the Canucks did power play goals.
So they can give us any bullshit that they can tell me any bullshit that they want about it.
So your base is actually rigged the other way.
Yeah.
Well, if you look at the power plays for and the power plays against,
you can say it, yeah.
But, you know, these were the crazy things that people were saying.
I was like, my jaw almost dropped when this lady told me
that I was the one that set it up so the Bruins and Canucks
would play in the Stanley Cup final and meet in Game 7
and we would win.
And it was all my doing.
Looch, you know what's even crazier?
Is how R.A. made his way into that
locker room after you guys won because
the security
was clawed Julian.
R.A. gave that lady the same edibles.
She's on fucking talking that nonsense.
Yeah.
There were random people
in our dressing room that night. There was this
guy.
Yeah, you're talking.
I have no idea. There were random people in our dressing room that night. There was this guy. Yeah, you're talking. I don't know who you're talking about.
I have no idea.
But no, no, it wasn't you.
But there was this guy.
It was just like this lawyer guy out of Vancouver.
He tucked his Canucks jersey in his pants.
And he told the security that he was with the Bruins.
And they let him in.
And he has a picture of him in our dressing room
raising the cup. And like, like none of us cared.
Cause we all had our families and like we were partying with each other and I
guess nobody noticed,
but this guy somehow talked his way into our room that he was a part of our
organization.
Quick question.
Did they have the beef jerky after you guys won the cup in the locker room?
From the trainer?
No,
I don't,
I don't,
I don't remember eating and I don't remember there being any food in there.
I was just too busy counting back the Bud lights that they had for us in
there.
So I was,
no,
I don't,
I don't think there was any beef jerky in there after the game.
I wonder if, because there was a guy from Toronto.
I actually met him because when you guys were actually leaving,
because the riot was still going on, you guys had to fly out.
I was sitting there with Jack Edwards and this other guy from Toronto,
and he snuck into the locker room.
He had no, he was just a fan.
He got a ticket, and he somehow got in.
I wonder if it was the same guy, but that was a pretty wild night
because everybody's partying, and it is like a fortress, and like was a pretty wild night because everybody's partying.
It is like a fortress, and a mile down the road, there's literally a riot going on.
It was such a crazy, crazy night.
We're going to flip the switch a little bit.
Two years later down the line, you guys are in the cup again.
Didn't get the same result, obviously.
Now, Lucic, people have said that when they lose real bad that hurts worse than
as good as the winning feels do you feel that way in other words like the loss stings way worse than
as good as the wind feels uh i will say i think about the 2013 loss uh way more than i think about
the 2011 win i don't know what it is.
I still have a hard time getting over it, especially because there were a lot of scenarios
in the series where we kind of had them
and we didn't bury them like we did the Canucks in 2011.
But I will say, yes, the loss stings way worse than the win in 2011 does.
But, I mean, when I'm retired and not playing anymore,
I probably won't even think about 2013 because I'll just say,
hey, at least I got one out of it.
You know, but as still being in the league, I definitely think about the one that got away versus the one that we got.
That's that's for sure.
Looch, you know, the the Boston Marathon bombing was also that year.
And, you know, me and Biz sat down with Wade Redden a couple of days ago and, you know he kind of gave us his account of it you know what was it like you know playing in the city
during that time and obviously going on that cup run that captivated the whole city you know the
whole national anthem when the you know whole garden was singing it so you know what was that
kind of like it was it was it was very emotional obviously it was uh you know a lot of different motions going on uh obviously there was like the
pride of of being a bostonian uh came out in a lot of people which uh you know fed through the
the sports teams i mean we made the final and and the red sox ended up winning the World Series that year. And I think the power of the Boston Strong and the tragedy of the marathon was something that was so negative
that the people of Boston turned into a positive that was driven into the sports teams.
And you just saw it happen with Houston, you know,
in the last World Series.
And you just saw it happen with Vegas.
I mean, and theirs was from the start of the year
all the way to the end.
And I mean, it was, it's hard to explain
because it's such a powerful thing
and it's such a powerful emotion.
And it's something that we set off as a team.
And I mean,
you know,
that game seven against Toronto,
I think is a prime example of what something like that,
the power of that can,
can do to uplift the spirits of not only the people but like the
athletes within you know that city because i think i think as athletes of boston and you probably
felt the same way with her being an athlete that's from the new england area you kind of felt
attacked too because one of the biggest sporting events in Boston was attacked.
And it was almost like every athlete, you know, was, was kind of, uh,
you know, attacked as, as, as well. And, um, you know, I, and, and I,
and I mean that in, in, in the most sincere way I, and,
and because we are lucky to be doing what we're doing and living our dreams and being healthy and all that type of stuff. And, you know, sincere way. I, and, and because we are lucky to be doing what we're doing and living our
dreams and being healthy and all that type of stuff.
And,
you know,
these people obviously went and did something as horrible as they did,
but,
you know,
but I think you get what we're saying and what I'm,
what I'm trying to say here with power that we felt through a tragic
event.
And,
and,
and,
but also the people that were affected by that event
uh put instilled in us kind of drove us to a cup final in in in to 2013.
Yeah I mean I I still think that David Ortiz speech at the Red Sox game is is an all-time
amazing moment but um that was still an amazing run by you guys I thought that that David Ortiz speech at the Red Sox game is, is an all time amazing moment, but that,
that was still an amazing run by you guys. I thought that that playoff,
I think you were second on the team and points and second and goals.
And I think that might've been,
would you say maybe the best hockey year career point a game for 22 games in
that run against Chicago?
I think so. Yeah. Other uh the start of the season other than probably the first 35 games of
the 2010-11 season that playoff run was probably probably the best that i had played in in my whole
career which is pretty funny because i played like shit uh during those 48 games before that but there was just something that just clicked in uh
after that that that uh i don't know i just i just knew we were a good team we had another good
chance to play and uh another good chance to win and i don't know it just that whole playoff run
and the boston strong thing kind of you know i i kind of rode the wave of that, I guess,
and ended up having a really good playoff that year.
I mean, a lot of Boston talk, and I kind of wanted to move away from that
unless R.A. had any more Boston questions.
No, actually, I wanted to address the trade and how that all worked off of him.
So you go ahead, Biz.
No, you were in L.A.
You bring it up, Biz.
Oh, yeah.
I was going to ask if you were shocked
that summer when you got traded or if you saw it coming.
I mean, it was a three-way trade.
And, I mean, you go to a general manager, Dean Lombardi,
who absolutely loves your style of player,
and now you get to go live in L.A.
So it couldn't have been the worst move.
How did you feel about it at the time?
I mean, I think being dealt to the Kings made it easier
because they were a team that had won two Stanley Cups
and they were an older team with a lot of good players.
And I had a chance to live in L.A.
Or you spend your summers now, correct?
Yeah, I do spend my summers now in L.A.
been my summers now in la and um but you know i mean i i look at this whole the rosen thing right now and litter i i i heard you i've been hearing you chirp these basketball players the whole
playoffs which is pretty funny and sickly the way like the rosen is being like this little bitch,
I don't even want to,
he's being like a little bitter bitch at the organization for trading him
for Kawhi Leonard,
like literally a top five player in the league.
And for me,
I mean,
Peter got,
Peter got fired after the season because we missed the playoffs.
I was one year away from an extension, all this type of stuff.
I was hoping and planning on going back to Boston
and having a bounce back year from the year that I had
because I didn't have a very good year in 14-15.
So to be perfectly honest, I was kind of up for anything.
And I had a 15-team no-trade list, so there was only 14 teams I could go to.
So I did have control of where I could go.
And I remember waking up that morning, and I think it was Elliot Friedman
tweeted that there was something, there was a trade in the works of me going to LA.
And in the back of my mind, you know, I was seeing myself,
like, is this actually going to go down?
And it would, yeah, it would suck and it'd be shitty to leave Boston
because, I mean, I thought I was going to be a lifer for my whole career
playing with the Bruins.
But, you know, in the back of my mind i was
going if i do get traded it would be pretty sick if i got traded to the kings you know i get to
live in la i'm back in the west coast i'm yeah you know i'm back in the west coast i'm closer
to vancouver you know they got a great team i get a chance to probably play with kopitar
uh or carter you know that you know two established guys you know
yeah you know and there's this guy defenseman on this team number eight um I forget his name
do you know his name I think he's I don't remember for a team that's there too the savage
uh and you know they had uh quickie and you know you name all the guys that were here the year i
got traded here so i was like thinking in my head you know if this actually does go down
you know it'd be pretty cool that i get to go to the kings so luch yeah you know i can kind of
defend derosen a little bit because did you get a little bit were you a little offended that the
fact that you maybe didn't get the heads up that you were being traded? Did you feel a little disrespected?
You were part of that core group that not only won the cup,
but that made that run.
And,
and Christ dude,
you're,
you're like,
you were the fucking new cam Neely to Boston.
And you don't even get a phone call to be like,
Hey,
listen,
you might be getting out of here.
You know?
No,
man,
I wasn't,
I wasn't offended at the end of the day because you went
to la yeah but you you're just you're just uh uh you're me it's a business it's a business you're
just unless you're crosby or or or mcdavid or or lebron like you you don't you're just another
you're just another guy you You're just another player.
You're just  you know, like  and it's funny when you talk to  even talk to everyone when they're done playing,
even Hall of Famers when you're done playing,
they even say you realize once you hang them up, you know,
those guys barely even get asked for autographs ever when they're done playing.
It's really funny.
Wow.
Yeah. But you get what I'm saying like for me for me I understood like you know that they they were trying to go in in a different
direction I mean how could I be bitter I mean the success that I have personally and the success
that I have uh team-wise uh the fans that I got to play in front of for eight years.
I mean, I got to be who I was
in one of the best sports cities in North America
for eight years.
And how could I be bitter for being traded?
It was, I'm just thankful that I had the opportunity
to play in the NHL for an original six team in, in, in one of the, in the best, you know, in the best sports city in North America, which And, you know, if it wasn't for that trade, I would have never
have found the South Bay, you know, Manhattan and Hermosa beach where, you know, me and my wife now
love to live more than anywhere else in the world. So if it wasn't for that trade, I probably
wouldn't have found my home for where I plan to live when I'm done for when I'm done playing
hockey. So, you know, I I'm, I'm very thankful for, you know,
everything that I've experienced so far in my career.
But, you know, when I hear, you know, going back to the DeRozan thing,
when I hear him talk about, like, the bitterness and the disrespect
and all that type of stuff, it's like,
you didn't get traded to frickin' Cleveland.
You got traded to San Antonio.
That's a team that competes for a title every single year.
Like,
and you get to be coached by the bill Belichick of basketball with Greg
Popovich.
And,
and now you're being,
feel like you're being disrespected.
Like,
come on,
man,
you're still making 30 million a year living in San Antonio with no state tax. tax like give me a break man nobody feels bad for you like fuck off hey these guys are
shaking their head because they're like oh god where it's gonna go but these fucking guys luch
these basketball players you mean nothing dude you got traded you don't matter anymore they don't
need you that bad if they can get someone better you, and these clowns just sit around and complain and whine,
how could you trade me? Dude,
because the organization went in another
direction. You're a piece
of meat. Do you not understand that? They're the biggest
babies, but I want to change subjects
so I don't get too mad.
I played in Princeton. You're now
an Oiler. Went in there
first year there. You guys had
just an incredible year. Get to the second round.
Last year, team took a step back.
What's the thought on living there?
Where do you live there first off? Do you enjoy it?
And what's kind of the thought of going into this season?
It's been a change.
I'll say that. I mean,
you know,
you know what it's like to deal
with the Edmonton winners.
And it's,
it's not so much the snow or the coldness.
It's the dark for me.
The darkness has been the biggest and the dryness.
I've never had to use so much lotion in my life before being in Edmonton,
but I do.
You know what?
To be honest, it's been great ever
since i've been there uh the art organ as you know what are the organization treats you like gold
yeah um i live in a suburb uh just 15 minutes uh west uh of of the new, which they did an unbelievable job of.
I mean, the dressing room is second to none.
You get anything you want, anything you ask for, they give it to you.
You know, the way we, the food on the plane that we get,
the hotels that we stay at, all that type of stuff,
it's truly unbelievable.
I've been lucky lucky the three teams
that i played for all the organizations have been first class but you know i i gotta say like the
oilers will literally do whatever you want and give you whatever you need in order to succeed
and obviously like you said my first year there you go in oh you know i'm excited i'm uh i just
signed a new deal as a ufa uh get a chance to play with the best player in the world for hockey.
And we end up being one win away from going to the Western Conference Final.
And it was almost like too much came at us too fast last year with Vegas odds pegging us as the second, second best team to win the cup.
So many guys came off a career year. So, you know, there was just, there was just a lot of,
you know, it was almost like we were set up for failure. You know, there was so much
expectation that it was like we were set up for failure and um you know and and there
was maybe almost too much expecting things to happen versus making them happen so i think um
for us i think a lot of guys are excited to come back i know i'm excited to come back
and go back and you know have that kind of prove people wrong type of mentality and get back and,
and, and, and be an elite team all over again. And,
and for myself personally be an elite player once again.
I wanted to ask you about that a little bit. You know, you know,
you're a pretty proud person and last year was, you know,
you struggled a little bit.
And with the game changing to a lot more speed and stuff,
is there something you've done this offseason to prepare yourself
to have more success next season?
Or was it more just maybe a mental thing where the, you know,
the team wasn't doing well and it just kind of beat on you that way?
Yeah, I think it was more  I's it's definitely more of a mental thing you
know it's just like it was almost like everything that could have gone wrong went wrong for our team
and for me personally and it was just like the snowball effect and or the quicksand effect you
know it's always like the harder you tried the more you sunk in the quicksand. So, you know, it was, that's what it was. And I think it's
for me, it's just mentally having fun going to the rink again and mentally, you know, looking forward
to, you know, the challenges that we face as a team and as an athlete every single day where,
you know, I think my mindset was, was got very negative last year, so I was almost my own worst enemy,
where this year I'm just going in with a happy, healthier mindset.
I think that will help me get back to the player that I am.
And I think when you're playing with the best player in the world,
it gives you a vote of confidence to try to, you know,
step up and not let him down.
And I think we're all feeling that.
And we've all had fun in the 2016-17 season.
So we want to get back to being that team and winning on a nightly basis.
Looch, are you training at that unbreakable still where all the,
like Odell Beckham Jr. goes?
Because I know you can't train can't LA Kings facility now,
of course.
Uh,
no,
I,
uh,
I did it last summer and honestly,
uh,
going 20 miles each way,
uh,
in LA traffic,
uh,
uh,
became a little too much.
Any good stories with all those celebrities that were training there though?
You gotta,
you gotta have a couple good ones,
no?
You know,
T.O. was my workout partner last
year. It was pretty fun working out
with him.
That's my workout partner.
Are you going to his Hall of Fame thing?
No, no, I'm not.
But, you know,
he likes, you know, he he was a big personality in that in that in that gym.
Love chirping guys, love, love chirping guys that were slacking in the gym, which I love because, you know, he'd be all over Roy Hibbert on a on a day to day basis.
It was that was that was the highlight of the day, the way he would get on Roy Hibbert.
It was, that was, that was the highlight of the day, the way he would get on Roy Hibbert.
Yeah, but to be honest, there were so many guys in there, all different kinds of athletes.
I mean, Randy Couture, he's in there all the time.
Chuck Liddell's in there all the time.
I remember last summer, Demi Lovato was, was working out like crazy in there.
And she was going nuts with all her MMA stuff and doing like jiu-jitsu and judo and kickboxing and all this type of stuff.
Which is kind of really sad, which she took a turn for the worse, as everyone knows, these last couple of days.
Because she was doing so well and she was so focused in her training and all all that type of stuff and it's unfortunate to see where she's gone but you know there was all different types of personalities in there um i think nick and joe jonas were in there working
out and surprisingly they they actually go really hard it's really funny like you wouldn't think
two guys like that would uh would train hard but uh you know they they would train hard and sylvester
salone would come in sometimes and he'd come in there and he just ripped curls for like 30 minutes
and then he'd do shoulder raises for 30 minutes and i'm just like oh and he didn't he started
doing his shrugs and i'm just like holy smokes man this guy's this guy's still going. What do you do with the Whitney cough raises?
Hey, yo, Looch, you want to spot me, Looch?
No, so it was a lot of fun.
But with having a newborn in the middle of May this year,
it was just too much of my day taken up.
So I went with Chad Morrow here in Torrance, which is a lot closer to my house and he's ethan
more's brother by the way and i've been training with him all summer which has been great and uh
yeah but i just for me out of anything uh getting into this year just more focused on being uh
mentally mentally healthy and and mentally happy.
And like you said, I'm a proud person, and I've been doing everything I can to make sure that I bounce back
and be the best player I can be for the Oilers this upcoming season.
I got one more for you, Looch.
It's a two-parter, quick one.
I know you didn't lose too many in your career, if any.
Who's the, A, the toughest guy you ever fought and B,
who's the reigning heavyweight NHL champ?
I know the hardest I would ever been hit was by Colton Orr.
It was my third year. He hit me in the nose so hard.
Obviously anyone that's been hit in the nose and had their nose broken from a punch,
they know that you tear up really bad.
And he actually broke my septum and I couldn't breathe out of my right nostril
for the next year and a half until I got it fixed.
So that was definitely, I would say that was definitely the hardest I've been hit.
And he's probably one of, if not the toughest guy I had ever fought.
They had that poll
last year so everyone
crowned
Ryan Reeves as the
current heavyweight champ of the
NHL.
We'll see how this year
goes and see if he's still that by the end of the year. so uh we'll we'll see how this year goes and and and see uh if he's still that by the
end of the year okay good answer well luch listen dude uh before before we let you go i just had a
quick funny story do you ever remember uh one time you and i like got into it when i say got into it
i think you were pissed off at me for something. Do you remember that or was that just one of your million?
No, I remember that.
I wanted to kill you.
I remember that.
Yeah, and I was like, oh, fuck.
Because we didn't know each other.
Oh, shit.
He actually wants me dead right now.
While that was going on, I had four buddies at the game,
obviously by their seats.
And at the time, one of the kids, Andy
O'Connor, I'm going to say his name on here.
He's always chirping. We were going
back and forth. When you were trying to get
at me flipping out, he stood up. He's like,
fucking kill him, Looch!
I'm like, this is my buddy.
What's up? I found out.
I think you got Yarko Brutu beat up that night because you pissed me off so bad.
Yeah, I think that's what happened.
You ended up just calling someone else.
I was like, oh, Jesus.
Luckily, I squeezed my way out of that one.
All right.
Hey, Looch, thank you so much for coming on, dude.
People are going to love this.
We enjoyed chatting.
And I hope you make it back to Boston next year, dude.
I know you had some weddings and stuff in Hawaii, but it would be good to see you back in town. So thanks again. We'll talk to you soon. All to Boston next year, dude. I know you had some weddings and stuff in Hawaii,
but it'd be good to see you back in town.
So thanks again.
We'll talk to you soon.
All right.
Thank you, guys.
Well, I want to send a big thanks to Joel Edmondson and Milan Lucic for coming on.
Edmondson gave us some great insights of the arbitration process we talked about earlier.
And obviously, I'm the Bruins fan of the podcast.
It was a thrill to talk to Lucic.
He was a hell of a player here.
He reestablished the Bruins as a bona fide franchise.
So to get his side on it was a thrill for me.
And I hope the fans and the listeners enjoyed it as well.
Boys, the fight bracket come out this week, hockeyfights.com.
Lots of talk about it. Our boy Paul Bissonnette made it.
How?
I was embarrassed. I was embarrassed to be on that list of all those tough guys.
Well, Ryan Reeves retweeted.
What did he say, R.A.?
Disrespect is real.
It is.
The fact that he's not on that, I mean, like I said before the show,
anytime you're doing a list like this on the internet or a bracket,
it's going to have recency biased for the crowd.
But, you know, some of the names on there, like, I mean going to be have recency biased for the crowd, but you know,
some of the names on there,
like,
I mean,
no disrespect to guys who did drop the gloves,
but Darcy Tucker,
wasn't one of the top 64 fighters in NHL history.
Chris Osgood.
I know they did a goalie bracket,
but Chris Osgood,
no Billy Smith.
I mean,
you guys like,
you know,
Willie Platt,
Nick Fatio.
Ron Hextall.
They put me on the list for retweet,
retweets.
And yeah,
you were,
yeah,
you were to get it around Twitter. Yeah. it's it's internet fun you can't really get too too upset about it
but yeah there were definitely some some major omissions and you know some guys some names like
and i'm not even thinking of you biz but there's some other guys like i wasn't sure i'm a peasant
i know so i wasn't tough i wasn't good i just fucking told good stories in the locker room i
made sure the water bottles were full and the music
was bumping. But I will say
it did send me, that bracket did send me down
a YouTube rabbit hole and watching
70s and 80s fights was fucking
hilarious because it was just absolute
insanity and I wanted to give a special
much belated shout out
to the linesmen of the 1970s
and 80s because those motherfuckers
earned their paychecks more than the guys throwing the punches, I think.
Yeah, they're going into a night Probert's going to fight,
and they're just like, oh, fuck.
Like, what are the chances we catch a bomb here?
It's a complete crapshoot, too, when you're reffing.
You get in there.
They must kind of teach them when to hop in and try to break it up
because if you go at the wrong time, it's lights out. And back then they would they would get down and then they'd get back up now
the linesman jumped right on top they're all like kevin collins now but back then man these guys
would fall and then they'd get back up the refs were breaking up it was wild so there's some great
footage out there if you want to want to pull it up um but as you mentioned it's our 100th episode
uh we just want to tell everybody man man, fucking thank you. This has
exceeded mine and Ryan's expectations
from day one.
Thank you.
Ween sucked.
Seriously, man, we never thought 100
episodes at all. I mean, I know we had a few
before Bastl, so it's
100 and we got many hundred more to go.
Thank you. Keep listening.
We're not going fucking anywhere.
Boys, you got anything you'd like to add?
No, I just, I think, yeah, thank you to the fans.
We fucking, we're going to be buzzing into the new season.
We're going to be banking a bunch of interviews.
We're now going to Boston to bank more interviews,
get some superstars there.
We are buzzing.
Biz, we got to grab a dinner maybe that night or?
Yeah.
But I do think it's awesome.
We're at 100.
It's kind of crazy.
Things have changed.
Things are going to keep continuing to get better.
So thank you for listening very much.
Nice.
Very nice.
Nice, guys.
All right, boys.
I am out.
I'm exhausted.
See you, boys. I'm 15 for a moment
Caught in between 10 and 20
And I'm just dreaming
Counting the ways to where you are
