Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. and humidity, and that's with men and women's cool cotton underwear. I don't wear women's. Don't get ahead of yourselves.
I'm a men's underwear type guy, but it's with the cool cotton underwear by Tommy John.
It isn't ordinary cotton.
You hear the word cotton, you're panicking.
Summertime, it won't work.
Cool cotton's made with moisture-wicking technology, so it dries four to five times faster than
regular cotton, keeping you two to three times cooler.
Two to three times.
That's pretty legit.
Like all Tommy John underwear,
cool cotton is guaranteed
to never ride up,
making bunching, sagging,
or even wedgies impossible.
Who wants a wedgie?
That's what you give to kids
in middle school that you bullied.
No, just kidding.
Bullying's not cool.
Don't do that.
But listen, Tommy John,
they do it in a special way.
They combine cutting edge,
lightweight fabrics
with patented comfort focus designs
for a fit so perfect,
it's almost like wearing nothing at all.
In fact, Tommy John is so confident in their underwear
that if you don't love your first pair,
you can get a full refund
with their best pair you'll ever wear,
or it's free guarantee.
Billy guarantee.
That includes their new, life-changing women's underwear.
I swear that's legit.
I don't know, but I've been told
they sold out in just six weeks,
but it's now fully back in stock.
Hurry to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off your first order.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 24 off.
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets.
Thank you very much. Hello. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 101 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Coming to you from the Warrior Ice Arena, we have Ryan Whitney alongside.
What up, what up, how we doing? We're all together, this is a special day actually.
We are, producer Mikey Grinelli's here.
Hello, gentlemen.
Boy Biz Nasty is in the 617.
The man of the hour.
Man.
Just took us on a shopping spree.
The Boston boys.
He's going to send you a Venmo request.
Oh, yeah.
Great.
Hey, no, fuck that.
I paid for fucking Grinelli's dinner last night, and I brought him out for beers, too.
So I one-upped you, Witt.
That's a hell of a guy.
You haven't even come close to one-upping me.
But before Witt's insult, a great way to segue into a plug.
New Balance was nice enough to supply us with some swag.
Even R.A. joined in the festivities.
Got some new kicks.
And, of course, we've been recording these podcasts at the Warrior Ice Rink
in what area of Boston?
I think this is Brighton.
Yeah, we're in the Brighton
neighborhood of Boston.
Brighton, home of Noah Welsh.
Don't even know what that,
oh, I did play with Noah.
And thank you to Warrior
for all they've done for me.
I'm sponsored by them,
not a big deal.
As well as New Balance,
not a big deal.
And on that note,
I want to bring in
our next guest.
And there has been a lot of hype about this guy
in the hockey world
and all these boys from the rock
like to drink out there
Newfoundland for people who don't know
yeah Newfoundland
and Terry Ryan has joined us
and he will be joining us for the entire episode
Terry welcome to the podcast
boys
boys boys thank you very fucking much.
My favorite show ever since I listened to the first fucking episode. I thought this is different.
This is where I want to be. And to be out when I say that, I ignored it for a while because I find
a lot of these shows are cliche and I didn't give you guys a chance. We actually I was it's a long
story. Everything with me is.
I was doing a stunt.
I do some acting now and stunts, and that's a total fluke, and I will get into that.
But I was about to jump in water in February.
It was freezing cold.
I was working with Jason Momoa on a show called Frontier.
And I had my earphones in just to keep entertained.
Sometimes you're out there forever. And then I said, you know, I'll give this a shot. And I think May Day was on just, you know, to keep entertained. Sometimes you're out there forever.
And then I said, you know, I'll give this a shot.
And I think May Day was on there.
Maybe it was January.
And anyway, ever since, I've listened to every minute.
And I went back and listened to some stuff before that, too.
I just love the flavor of it, man.
So really, I appreciate it.
Pleasure is all mine.
Okay, so this is great for us.
Now, I do, before we get into the stories, and I need people to know that you have a book out there,
Tales of a First Round, Nothing, I believe.
But I want you to just kind of set the scene, give us your background,
give us the draft status and all that,
so people kind of know where we're coming from in terms of the beginning of your career.
True enough, thanks.
Okay, Tales of a First Round, Nothing.
First of all all to address that
I went 8th overall
I only played 8 regular season games
I'm considered a draft boss
Yeah but you went to the Canadian
So it probably flew under the radar
I mean what do you think
But being from fucking Newfoundland
You know there was only a handful
Maybe 20 people that ever played pro
At that time
Now there's more and i i do think
that kind of opened some doors so it's not all in in haste uh but my father was one of them he
played in the wha actually so you know growing up i always i just knew i'd be a hockey player i knew
it and then you know i had i heard you guys segment with sheldon uh surrey and you know when
i was 14 i left home i leftfoundland. Not a lot of people then
left, but there wasn't scouted very well. So there was good players here. That's why I think when
that happened and, you know, I won't get into this now, but Danny Cleary actually came out
right after me the first time. Mike Burnett called me when I was 14, Wayne Gretzky's agent
at the time. And the first thing my dad said was, if you think Terry's good, you've got to go to Harbor Grace, Newfoundland.
That's a true story.
But anyway, those are first round nothing because coming back to Newfoundland, when you're from such a place that loves hockey, and they do.
I mean, senior hockey games here sell out.
You know, there's 6,000 people at some of the games at the end of the year and frequently 1,000.
So, you know, people just love the game
and so i went i had the key to the city i was the man you know i was at a passion for it growing up
i mean you know i'm on here and i don't often allude to it in the book or anything i don't
think i mentioned stats but i was a super prospect you know tri-spirit tri-city came here to newfoundland
uh after i went i was rated the number one player in the quebec kiwi tournament which is this huge
tournament yeah i won that tournament terry i this huge tournament. Yeah, I know what that is.
Terry, I won that tournament.
Whoa.
Really?
Actually, I heard you allude to it.
That's true, and all the Yanks are down at that tournament.
It's the first time I ever played against American teams,
and it was a blast.
But again, there was no hitting, and I was six foot.
It was my height now.
So, I mean, I was good, but I was also really big,
and I think that appealed to the west too but
there was no hitting here or anything so it's not like I grew up you know fighting or wanting to or
even thinking about it it was part of the game when I did so I kind of morphed into that from
going to the western league but again did the tip the tales of the first round nothing is because I
was sick of answering the question people would say like what happened man like oh man that's too
bad and I was like you know in the, I did get my schooling paid for.
Like, I left and played four years major junior.
I went in the first fucking round.
To the Canadiens.
I was in Montreal.
I only played four games, but it was my 19-year-old year.
And they said, we're not going to send you back until the deadline because we'd rather you practice here.
So, you know, I got a chance to play with the Montreal Canadiens, you know, to be part of it.
I know what happened was shitty, but a lot of that was injury.
Like, it was kind of out of my hands.
So I said, you know, I figured I'd write the book.
And I always, I'm an only child.
I'm from Newfoundland.
I'm an only child.
I had no brothers or sisters.
So that move was hard on me.
And my dad, being a teacher, he would always say, say you know every night he would make me read or
write for a half hour he didn't care if it was rolling stone magazine or if i wrote poems it
didn't matter to him so i was writing all this shit down and when i went away i think that's
why i became a passionate kind of player that picked up for his teammates because they were
like my brothers and it was hard to fit in when i first went away but anyway i had this
you know that's an easy way to do all these stories. And I was sick of people saying, you know, what happened, you know, or kind of pat me on the back.
It'll be okay.
I'll be like, I know it'll be okay, man.
Like, I had a fucking great time.
I played in the show.
You know, like, so, because you can only dwell on it so long.
We all, you know, no one fucking gets out of this whole thing alive.
So I'm like, either I address this and I, you know, pick up my heels and just go in the rest of my life with a positive attitude, embrace what I can, and pass on what I did learn.
I made a lot of mistakes, but whatever.
They're out there, and I guess the book was therapeutic writing it because of what was happening to me.
I was one of the boys.
I loved it.
There's similarities with both you fucking guys.
Where did it come from going in the first round?
You know, the pressures of that and how that goes.
And Biz, when I couldn't show up offensively, I would be that guy in the room much like yourself.
You know, so I identify with that shit.
And, you know, a lot of that's in the book.
Sorry, you mentioned the injury had a big factor in ending your career.
But before that, you had mentioned, you know, you, I guess, had attitude issues and, you know, somewhat petulant.
Can you get into a little of that?
Were you a diva?
I mean, you know, based on what some of the articles you read, it seemed you certainly didn't keep yourself blameless in any of this.
Were you just kind of malcontent with the team?
I'm going to guess you told the coach to just fuck right off at some point.
You know who his coach was, right?
No.
Michel Therrien.
Oh, God. Oh, God? No. Michel Therrien. Oh, God.
Oh, God.
You played for Therrien?
Boys, this was the beginning of the end.
Okay?
He's buried a lot of people.
They're under the bridge.
But this is true.
By the way, I was that kind of player.
I was passionate.
Like I said, the boys are my teammates.
I'm also the only, or brothers, I'm the only Newfoundlander to ever fucking go out to the
Western Hockey League.
And that's a, just to
give you an idea what kind of player I was, and it
was, I'd get there at all costs. That's why
it was really unfortunate
what happened. Before I get into the terrian,
I'll preface with this. We went out to,
Sheldon and I, when I went out to Cornell,
I'm 14. I never threw a hit.
There's no globalization of the internet.
So it's not like
I could like call home
and see my buddies
and play Snapchat
you know I was
out there
and I was playing
I got the buzzer
really if I haven't
fucking mentioned that yet
I talk a lot
but
that's alright
that's why we have you on
yeah so
you know I was really nervous
I wanted to come home
I played one game back here
high school hockey
in grade
I was in grade 9
and I had 6 goals
we won 6 to 4
I wanted to be here I wanted to bang every you know chick in high school hockey in grade, I was in grade nine and I had six goals. We won six to four. I wanted to be here.
I wanted to bang every, you know, chick in high school.
I wanted to score goals, but I still wanted to play, but I just didn't think I needed
to move away at 14.
Now you don't.
But when I went, Tri-City came up with this big package and, you know, I know there's
money flying around under the table, but they did give my dad money to be a quote unquote
scout.
But the thing is he did scout when we got out there we were in cornell a small little place of 10 000
people in the interior bc and uh you know it was you know and these are tough people it's not like
going to victoria business what i'm talking about and there's even up there there's mountains some
places but not prince george and cornell these are tough motherfuckers and so I got out there and Tri-City, I went to play Bantam.
I was in my first year of Bantam.
I never threw a hit yet.
And Tri-City are like, no, no, you're going to play on the junior team.
Time to chuck them.
So then I'm like, fuck, what am I going to do?
Boys, first game, I get shit kicked.
And I mean, a guy cross-checked.
He said, you're the kid from Newfoundland when I'm taking the face off.
I look up.
I'm like, yeah, yeah, man, I am.
He cross-checked me in the fucking face line brawl so then i i just it was either fucking sack
up or it was go home and go home was seeming like a better option so i um you know i i looked in the
mirror and maybe i'm fucking schizophrenic i don't know the older i get the more i think maybe i am
weird but i used to look myself in the mirror when I had a big decision to make and try to talk to myself in the eye.
And I was like, what are you going to do here?
And I just said, what can I do to fit in?
And what can I do to stay out here?
Like I needed not only on the ice, I needed to fit in.
So I'll tell you this, boys, and this is how my book starts.
I fucking go to the rink.
Now, these guys are pissed off on my team and they said, we're going to grab him.
I think his name was Adam Smith, maybe.
Lenny Fortuner would know.
He was on the ice, too, there.
I threw that out there.
I know he listens to the show.
Lenny!
I wait to the second period.
I go over.
I look at him, and this guy already beat me up.
I'm terrified.
I want to go to Newfoundland, but I know I've got to make some kind of move.
So I call him off the bench, and I remember saying to him,
I said, well, let me get in on you because you've got big fucking arms on you.
Just let me.
You already kicked the shit out of a 14-year-old.
What's next?
You know, my fucking math class?
I remember chirping at him, and I was nervous.
I was shaking.
Anyway, he came off.
I got in tight on him.
Now I start giving it to him boom boom boom the fight
goes for 30 seconds i fucking get him i beat him with the last punch he goes straight down
i come off i'm loving this i'm bleeding the place is going mad they'd rather see a fight
up in quenelle than anything and like sheldon said this was the rocky mountain junior hockey
league it was considered junior a but we'd get get beat by those guys in the BCJ.
It was a real, real rough, tough league.
So anyway, I kick the shit out of them.
I come off after, and the boys are like,
how in the fuck did you just do that?
This guy was huge, like 6'4", 230 at least.
And you're 14.
I'm 14.
I'm from Newfoundland.
I never threw a goddamn hit before.
Are you from Newfoundland?
So, but I knew I had to make a move.
Boys, you know what I did?
Before the game, I had a big nail file.
Well, you know, not a nail, a file that shaves down your stick, your wood sticks that are so ancient.
But I took that and I chipped up the sides of my helmet because I said, I know he's going to get punches in.
So when he hits me, he's going to be beating up his fucking hands. He's only going to be able to throw so many.
Then, then I took a bottle of hot sauce that I got that day at breakfast and I poured it in the
sink. And in between the second and third, I bathed my hands in the hot sauce. So when he
came in close on me, I rubbed it in his eyes and he couldn't see anything. It wouldn't matter who
he was after that point. I kicked the fucking shit out of him. The end of the game, I go to a place called the Four By where everybody drinks outside,
and I got laid for the first time.
What a fucking night.
Oh, that's a night.
That's a night.
I'm going to retire after that.
Broff, oh.
Hey, Terry, we've been doing interviews all day, and that's the story we needed to bring
the energy up in this room here.
Imagine telling Eichel that story.
He'd be like, Jesus Christ, that's a 14-year-old living.
Not only that, boys, I ended up with like,
it's not on HockeyDB, but there's a site, Elite Prospects,
and it goes back further, and I couldn't remember.
But you know what?
I ended up getting 222 minutes that year,
and I led my team in scoring.
And then I realized after that, a lot of people ask me,
it was mathematical.
I knew that if I fought, I'd get more ice, I'd get more room.
No one cares about your pimps.
How was she?
Deadly.
Can you imagine?
And this is true, Biz.
I was putting on the condom and I blew the first time.
So now I'm sitting out there and I'm going, oh, my God, I've got to do this again.
But I had a pack of condoms on me, so I just threw the other condom on and I went for about five minutes, I guess.
Five.
And when I did, when I finished the job, I stood up.
And when I did, all the boys had lined their cars up behind me and they were shining the
lights on me and chanting noof.
I swear to God.
So when I stood up, they all in unison started blowing their horns.
So anybody in Cornell will repeat that story.
I know these sound fucking outlandish, but that's what happened.
Oh, no, no.
I've actually been told, and that's what I wanted to say,
Danny Cleary, who was first meant to win the Cup,
bring it back to Newfoundland, and Teddy Purcell.
Yeah.
They're the guys who's like, listen, Witt, you have to have Terry Ryan on.
You have to have Terry Ryan on.
He's got a million stories, and they're all true.
So I love this, but she ended up
getting drafted in 95. The
94-95 season,
70 games played, 50 goals,
60 apples, and 207
penalty minutes. I mean,
that's a season that, you'll
never see numbers like that again, possibly,
in the Western League. Would you agree?
Well, this is the other
thing, boys. Those 207 minutes, anybody in the Western League will Would you, would you agree? Well, this is the other thing, boys, that those 207 minutes,
anybody in the Western League will also tell you this at that time,
it was so brutal out there. There was so many fights.
It was so violent that ours was the only league they didn't allow tens.
So I don't know. I could have gotten 307 minutes.
Like I know I was at least on the ice for like a line brawl and then
everybody gets a 10 or if you tell the ref to go fuck himself,
but we didn't get those
the Q and the O did
so I remember
going to the draft
and saying
this is bullshit
Christian Dub
got 160 minutes
and I got 207
but I should have 400
I remember arguing
so I could have more
and the other thing
about the West
both teams
could never
warm up together
when I was there
oh I was just
going to ask that
really?
you went into like
Seattle
we'd warm up at 545 and Seattle would warm up at when I was there. Oh, I was just going to ask that. Really? You went into, like, Seattle, we'd warm up at 545.
Yeah, warm up first.
And Seattle would warm up at 630.
Shut the fuck up.
Like, that happened then?
Like, Syracuse versus Charleston.
I swear to fuck, I asked everybody from back then.
Terry.
And the other thing, boys, I completely didn't answer your question.
I went another way, and I just didn't answer your question, Witter.
So from here on in, I'm going to answer your questions.
But I had to tell you that because it was fucking nuts.
But I did note that, guys, and this is the thing.
That was my first year at left wing because I went out, like I said, as a finesse centerman.
And a lot of people, because of all the fights, and I'm proud of that.
I think I could have played without it.
And I think it probably, ironically, even though I was good at it, sometimes it's a curse. Because another guy next to me, say Matt Higg even though I was good at it sometimes it's a curse because
another guy next to me say Matt Higgins wasn't good at it so he and I love Matt he's one of my
best friends I'm just saying Eric Hood I can go down the list I could fight they couldn't um so
you know often you don't get on the power play because you can fight on the third line but
outside of that no I went there at the beginning of the year Damon Lankow was also on my team and
he was a
great player and like i've never run into anybody better than me before and that's true i'm not
trying to be cocky but i was in newfoundland peewee you know and then i went to quenelle
um in a junior a league that there were players better than me but for my age i was miles ahead
of them so um you know we went there and then you know my first year was okay i had 33 points i think
167 penalty minutes or something and uh it was a pretty good year but i remember people wanting
more i mean that's how much of a prospect i was i was third overall in the league in the draft
so um redden was first so then uh you know even my dad came out to camp who knows a lot about it
and he's like i gotta be honest that Langkow can really fly.
And they could separate them back then in the dub because there wasn't a lot of real fast skaters.
For example, the second in scoring was my eventual roommate, Darcy Tucker.
But he ain't a great skater.
So Lanks was an absolute fucking bullet.
So when Bob Laux came in, he said, you know, you're pretty big.
You can protect them.
And not that he needed that much protection. But Lanks was like a little hound dog.
He'd bite off more than he could chew all the time because he was feisty.
So having me there, I could pass it.
I'd never played wing before, but I'm pretty big.
I was feisty, and I wasn't afraid of fighting at all because it got me room out there.
So then Bob was like, you know, it gets you room.
And I mean, like, it got me, like, like an extra second in front but that can mean everything and especially
going end to end um but that's it and we played seattle on the first games i remember uh
i think it might have been with brendan with but a guy like that you know i just knew that if i
fought him hopefully he'd stop cross-checking me but even if he didn't everybody else would
because they're like he just just fought Brendan Witt.
So it was almost mathematical.
And, you know, sometimes I had a temper.
But that's kind of where all the fighting started.
And, you know, me and Lankes lit it up.
He went from like, I can't remember, but he went from 50-odd points to like 140.
And I went from 30 to 110.
Was it his draft year too?
He was also drafted in the first round on our team.
Was it Lankes' draft year too?
Yeah, he went fifth.
I went eighth.
So two guys from the same line going top ten.
It was fucking crazy.
And there was a lockout that year.
So all the NHLers were playing.
And we still put up those numbers.
We were magic together.
I've got to say that.
Well, Terry, I play with Lank.
He is a mutant.
He can fight.
He can do it all.
Two things I wanted to touch on because you fucking don't let us talk.
I know, man. I fucking that's yeah there you go you're bitching about them uh the penalty
minutes thing but as dumb as it sounds back then pin pims mattered to scouts they they based
toughness off of that so it actually helped in the draft so that comment was pretty accurate
and then also the warm-ups thing shane doan told me about how they used to warm up separately
and it was because uh forget what team it is.
You might know this.
At the time, they had one of the toughest junior teams ever.
And they had one guy.
He was like the Ogie Ortehorpe of the Western Hockey League.
He would go down to the other end of the ice, grab the other team's pucks,
steal all their pucks, and one warm-up, he even stole their net.
Dude, this guy
was the biggest bully
in the western
hockey history
so no
did he play for
Prince Albert
I think so
was Stan Wilson
the trainer there
I can't remember
the guy I'm talking about
hold on man
he ended up being a
probably an ex-con
I'm assuming
it might have been
Dave Manson was it
who
I'm not sure if it was Dave Manson.
It might have been him.
Anyway, I heard that story too.
And so finally the league stepped in because nobody would touch this guy.
And they said, all right, let's split up warm-up instead of punishing the guy who was stealing the other team's pucks and net during warm-ups.
So that's why you guys had to fucking warm-up.
And that's exactly the type of shit they did
and when he came in i remember it was 92 93 so it was my second year out west but i wasn't allowed
to play in the western again i can only play three games and i did first shift in the west i fought
kale hulse um just like a fucking and a lot of this you know was just me being a jerk off on
the bench like oh bet i bet i could fight Like, it was just that crazy back then.
But, yeah, and Kerry Toporowski tried to break the record anyway,
and he ended up with 515 minutes without tens being allowed.
Now, look it up.
500?
Oh, that's a joke.
That's an absolute joke.
That should put you in prison.
One season?
Dude, I know.
It was fucking crazy out there like
and i and cornell was even a step beyond that i remember going in the western league
and people going and being 16 like that's why it was so good to play there and like you know
in cornell after all that happened my dad we were he watched sheldon playing grand prairie and
sheldon was listed with tri-city so dad was was like have him going with Terry at least he's got someone that young and you know he was kind of doing some work
for Tri-City so Tri-City or Sheldon came in and we both were he was serious too like if we wanted
to play and we wanted room we had to fight it was survival so by the time we got to the west
you know like for me you know the other 16 year olds there were like so green it was unbelievable
I mean I'd just come from a place that I was getting in the birds.
I was chewing with the boys.
I was, you know, banging.
I was drinking, you know.
And I mean that that was kind of the thing then.
And I didn't do any of it in a crazy level like you would think.
I'm just admitting it to you because that's the way it was.
And if I had beers and I went to a party, the boys would accept me more.
So I had to figure out, you know, everybody got to do that.
But I was at a young age, so by the time I got to the West, I was like,
these games are on TV, they can only do so much.
Trevor Joe grabbing me out behind the bus in Port St. John, you know,
is a little bit different.
This is a joke.
And having no fear of that stuff, I mean,
I just remember having a head start in the West, so it was all worth it.
So, you know, you think of the junior career you had
and, you know, proving your toughness in WHL,
producing numbers.
You got the high draft status.
You know you're going to get a chance or two.
So, you know, if you look back now,
and you said you could skate,
why, like, if you could give an answer
why you think you didn't make it,
have you ever thought about that?
Have you ever realized, like, I think it was this?
Oh, God, Witter.
Yeah, well, Witter, I didn't even, because I fucking talk so much.
Well, first of all, there's the concussion I got when I was 18.
Okay.
So the actual handle on YouTube is Terry Ryan Gets Hit,
Byron Briskey, Damon Lankow Respond.
And, again, I often say this.
I got in all those fights, but I never got anything from it.
If I get it, like Ryan Vanderbilt, she even punched me out in Chicago, but I had a face injury the
next day, like my face had hurt. But when you get hit like that, like, you know, I had four post
concussion syndrome and they were all from hits. There's, there's number one. And the first one I
had, I was 18. It was so, so, so many people, A, didn't believe it, and B, didn't care about it, that I signed while I had it.
I had that concussion.
You see that happen on YouTube.
That was in January.
For a year, I felt like shit.
I signed in March.
I told them that.
I flew to Montreal.
But, I mean, I'm not blaming them either.
It was my own coaches, my parents.
Well, that's how it was then.
Nobody took it seriously.
That was reason number fucking one, okay? But, I mean, I'm not blaming them either. It was my own coaches, my parents. Well, that's how it was then. Nobody took it seriously. Hey, you're fine.
That was reason number fucking one, okay?
Yeah.
Now, when I'm 19, I make Montreal.
And Mario Tomli says to me, you know, I don't want you going back to junior because you're going to get in all those fights.
So they know that I've had a bit of a time.
And, you know, but in camp, I fought Domi.
You know, like, and again.
How'd that go?
How'd that go?
I'm not a guy who should fight Ty Domi.
How'd the fight go? How'd the fight go?
How'd the fight go?
Well, there was three times.
And the first time was for Alaric.
I did it for the boys watching the game at home, to be honest with you.
They went okay.
The three of them are there, I think, on YouTube.
But, you know, that started to get, and that's the other thing.
Like, I didn't have to do that.
I had a good camp the first time I fought him.
And, you know, I was playing with Turgeon and Recchi, and I scored a goal on montreal forum so i just i fought steve leach and then the
next day they played me and i fought domey the third reason winner is michelle terrien now
in an odd fucking this was the worst pickup of my life hockey wise was michelle terrien i'm just
dealing with them like smoking on the bus boys i. I know all about that. My first meeting with Michelle Terrien, you know what happened?
What happened?
He called me.
Now, again, the year before when I'm 19, I miss almost the whole year,
a lot of it with post-concussion syndrome, okay?
And you're going to see what happened to me.
The next season under Terrien, I led the American Hockey League with 34 fights, okay?
And a lot of that time, it wasn't my decision.
So, but again, I'm not going to sit here and play the fucking blame game.
Because again, I had to do it.
But Michelle had a way, Mike, I call him, whatever.
Mike had a way of fucking with your head.
So it's like my second day there.
The rest of the stuff, whatever.
He was a coach in Fredericton, not Montreal.
I was in Freddie with him for a couple
years first meeting calls me and he's sitting behind a desk and i'm about 15 feet away 10 feet
away in a you know a small chair i guess this is just the optics to him you're a dominant man okay
i get it so he lights up a dart and i'm sitting down okay and he's just blowing the cigarette
all over he's drinking out of a pop can i don't know coke or whatever it was and he's just blowing the cigarette all over. He's drinking out of a pop can. I don't know, Coke or whatever it was.
And he's not saying anything.
So when I go to open my mouth and I think about it, I'm like, you know what?
I'm not going to say anything either.
Like, you can see this is a bit fucking ignorant.
You know, again, the way things go down is that I was this big boozer or maybe a partier.
That wasn't the fucking case.
And as any other coach or any player I played with, yes, I partied.
But it was more to get the boys loose.
Like, I often got late curfews so I could make sure everybody was in.
But anyway, and he doesn't say fucking anything.
He just smokes the cigarette, puts it out, and says, okay, get the fuck out of my office.
Didn't say a word.
Just smoked a cigarette.
And I did.
That was the whole meeting.
So basically, he told me something close to that.
Ashton was there with me.
We had all kinds of guys down there that ended up being NHL guys.
And again, I was rookie of the year.
So you were basically the team bus driver.
You know, he had 44 points.
I think I had 37 or 38, 21 goals, though.
And 256 minutes.
And then I just wanted out of Mike Terry.
And I was like, either send me to the coast or bring me up.
And at this point, you guys suck.
There's no reason I shouldn't get called up.
But, you know, my agent, even though it was great, Mike Burnett, that he was Gretzky's agent,
but it's not like I could call him and he wasn't, it's not like he was going to fly to Freddie with me.
You know, he wasn't very personable that way.
So, you know.
Yeah, but that's something nowadays would do.
That's something players nowadays would do that's how employers nowadays
would do though is they call the agent and have them come visit them like you didn't need that
right well like it would be nice well i called him first of all he said you should make the move
to wing so mike didn't even know that i was a left winger so then i never called him again after that
so i hung up the phone and said okay and not only that i just come off this concussion that nobody
fucking believed me but But that went away.
I can't sit here and say, you know, I do get some symptoms here and there.
I ended up getting hit a bunch more times.
It never came from a fight, though.
So I can't blame any of that on fighting on Mike.
But it was just, I just found him a terrible guy to be around.
And negative.
And I'd always, I just love hockey.
I still play senior hockey here man i love
it i train for it i'm going out to uh winnipeg with your buddy zach o'brien uh biz yeah i want
to call their cup i had to play the ball hockey nationals i'm a competitive guy i just felt
misunderstood the other thing with with terrian sorry um is that the whole thing in montreal was
foggy because a lot of my humor they didn't get it was a language thing i'll say this about terrian
terrian was pretty good to me i was a fighter so i i think he kind of has a soft spot for the for
the mutants but regarding his the negativity around him comment is there's just a lot it's
like too much negative and there's barely any positive it's just like when you win he kind of
like smirks and smiles and says good job where most of the time he's looking for something to bitch about
or trying to bury someone or trying to mentally fuck someone.
And it's just like, come on, man.
There's got to be at least a little balance.
And there really wasn't with Tarion.
And even though he was good to me, I think that, hey, who knows?
Maybe in his older age he's maybe realized that.
But, I mean, fuck, I don't know if he's going to get a coaching job now.
Well, the other side of it is, look, there were times.
I identified with him.
I went in his room a couple times, had beers.
A lot of it was a show, and the thing is, especially coming from him,
he's an alpha male.
He wants structure.
So for me to score a goal and do the fisherman down the ice
or to come in
with like a blue haircut or blue hair i can see how there was really i don't agree with you on
the alpha male comment i don't agree with you i can see how he would have terry i don't i don't
agree with you on the alpha male comment because he was a skilled defenseman wasn't he when he
played terrian i don't think he was like a fighter. No, he didn't fight. So like to demand that and expect that from people when you never did it yourself, that ain't alpha male to me.
I always had the impression that he wanted to be the biggest or the most important man in the room.
Well, yeah, but that doesn't mean you're an alpha male.
It means you want to be an alpha male.
And he took that position of power to try to get it where it's like, listen, dude, you control my destiny, so you have that.
But the minute you got fired if
i saw you in the street you probably wouldn't bark at me that way you'd probably be licking
my nuts to be honest holy fuck you know what biz yeah i mean this is good those psychology courses
came in handy well i mean it doesn't take a fucking rocket surgeon to know someone who's
actually tough and in a strong person ain't usually the one barking the most i mean come on
hey biz wits terry terry listen up. I heard you have mentioned a few minutes ago
after you had your first fight in junior that you are, you're knotted right into your condom. I know
you mentioned that. Well, you know, I want to talk to our listeners out there. That happens,
guys, sometimes, you know, ED isn't something a lot of guys want to talk about. Sexual performance
issues in men are more common than you think. You know, over 25 of ED cases are guys under 40.
Sometimes it's a PE case, as our pal Terry experienced as 14 years old in the juniors.
It's all good, though, guys.
It happens.
Sometimes you're early.
Sometimes you're late.
Sometimes you're not at all.
That's what HIMS is for.
4hims.com is a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, and sexual wellness for men.
Guys turn to weird solutions or sometimes do nothing when they can go to medicine and science.
That's what 4hims.com is for.
It connects you with real doctors and medical-grade solutions.
So whether it's ED or PE, you're going to be all hooked up with 4hims.com.
No snake oil, no gas station, none of that stuff.
There's no waiting rooms, no awkward doctor visits, no lines.
You go to 4hims.com, a few quick questions,
shout to your doctor for a confidential review,
and they ship the products directly to your door.
Because this stuff isn't just for old guys in bathtubs, biz.
You get a little older, a few more years,
you might have to worry about this stuff yourself,
and it does become a big deal, as they say.
So it's erectile without the dysfunction,
hard made easy, as they say.
Say hello to your little friend.
So try HIMS for a month today for just 5.
We'll get you started for just 5 while supplies last.
See the website for full details.
This will cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or pharmacy.
Go to 4hims.com slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey.
4hims.com slash hockey.
Terry, we'll get you some.
Hopefully you won't have that incident again.
Terry, have you ever used any performance and hashing drugs
to get that extra half an inch on that hammer of yours or what?
Eagle Energy every once in a while.
I find Eagle Energy does the trick.
Nice.
He's a big time listener.
I tell you what.
I'm totally down with the dick pills in that HIMS ad.
I'm going to say this to the HIMS people.
Maybe we should shorten
that up a bit,
although you fucking killed that.
You put your own little twist
on that, R.A.
That was,
that's a professional
fucking ad right there.
That was pretty good.
All right, Terry,
back to you a little bit.
I'm interested in a guy like you
who his entire life's been hockey.
You know, a high pick.
You get all these stories.
You know the game.
You've been around the game.
It seems like that's what you're going to do your entire life.
So how do you not stay in the game when your career ended?
Did you think about coaching, scouting?
How did that go about?
Well, you know what?
I'm going to relax now, too, and have a beer.
You know what?
Why wouldn't you?
Hey, your mom had beer in her fridge because you had to break in her house.
I was talking too much.
So how?
I guess, guys, first of all, I left on depressing terms.
I wanted to play.
I had an ankle injury, too.
I didn't even finish.
So that tearing happened.
But I ended up making my way to Dallas.
And when I got there, Montreal, you know, after that, after I walked
off the bench, I didn't go for my third year of my deal. And, you know, that was a stupid decision.
They had a record number of injuries and the guys, you know, that were with me, like Aaron
Asham and Higgy and, you know, more and more, Darcy Tucker got traded. They made it. So I have
no, you know, after that, I just, I went down to the West Coast League.
And I played in Colorado because I was a free agent.
And I was just waiting kind of to get traded.
I played one year for St. John's before that.
So Montreal had me for two years.
And neither one of us, and they called me midway and asked me if I wanted to go back.
And I said no.
So I fucked up, not only by going to camp the second time and then I got to Dallas and um first of all in Colorado I skated over my arm and I
ruined some tendons but I was still good enough I guess to go back and uh Darian Hatcher fell on
my ankle in one of the inter-squad games I was having a good camp I chose Dallas camp because
um Don Hay was coaching the minors and he knew me from Camel's in the West.
And they just gave me a Bob Ganey called me and he was the GM there.
And he was telling me he was paying attention to Montreal and I needed a second shot.
And so it was a high ankle sprain winter.
And you talk about that.
You know how that goes.
I just kept playing on it and it just got worse and worse.
Except mine happened at the beginning of my career.
Yours at the end.
You know, I went back to boise i knew when i got to boise i started really paying attention to what i was writing down because that was their double affiliate
like i played 20 games there that year maybe 30 because i knew i was over and then i started
taking cortisone my buddy zach boyer from orlando called me eventually and just said i know you're
done so if you want to win a ring he he said, we're way out in front.
So I waited until the beginning of February, shot it with cortisone so I wouldn't feel it.
And I love it that much, the game, that I went down to Orlando.
And it was only the Atlantic Coast League, but we won a nice ring and I retired on that.
And, you know, after that didn't happen, I won't get into it, but my wife divorced me.
And, you know, so my life was really upended.
I went up to 260, right?
Like in 2005, my buddy grabbed me and just said, you know.
What are you doing?
No one's going to take me on you.
Yeah.
And he had a reality show and I happened.
He picked me.
He said, there's going to be four people.
It was Newfoundland.
It was all over Canada.
It was called Define Yourself.
And I went on.
But even there, I would always find a joke, right? because i went up to 245 pounds i'm 195 um i went
up to 245 and then when he told me i was on the show it started in three weeks and i showed up
and i weighed in at 260s like what the fuck are you doing i said well i'm not gonna lose weight
before i go on your show so even then you know you know, even in that, and, you know, people think even I was 210.
You know why it says that on my hockey cards, guys?
Because when the draft central scouting came, and, you know, they weigh you and they give you the height, right?
Then they give you a bunch of other shit.
But central scouting comes to your junior dressing room.
They used to.
Height, weight.
And I put weights on the inside of my groins so I'd be bigger.
In my hockey DB, it says I'm 207.
That's a junior weigh-in.
I was probably 185.
But then in pro, I fattened up a bit.
That was it, guys.
I still play senior, right?
Like I said, I play here in Newfoundland,
and we've got a Herter Championship we play for.
It's really big as far as senior hockey goes.
I lost in two Allen Cup finals.
Allen Cup's like the Canadian senior championship.
It's all ex-pros.
But it took like three years for my ankle to get better, and then I was old news.
And, you know, I can't  I know I talk a lot, but I can't not say this. Oh, I know. You think?
So I was about  yeah, I know. I feel you. I feel you, I know I talk a lot, but I can't not say this. Oh, I know, you think? So I was about, yeah, I know.
I feel you, I feel you, Terry.
Four of us in that show were waiting.
Whoever won was going to walk out through this big cardboard cutout.
So as I was, I was looking up at this TV screen because I was going out with Sarah McDonald at the time,
and her father was Toby McDonald. He McDonald at the time, and her father
was Toby McDonald.
He was coaching the Newfoundland team that just won.
As I was watching it, the curling to go to the Olympics, and they ended up winning the
Brad Guzzi team.
So we're looking up at it, and as I see it, and they're winning, I'm pumped, right?
I start raising my fists, but I'm behind this thing.
The whole crowd's out in front of me.
And then they say, Terry Ryan.
And as they're saying it, I'm reading the ticker,
and it says B.J. Young dies at 27, former Red Wing.
Now, he is a big part of my life and my story.
When I was 16, B.J., and this is going somewhere.
I know I talk a lot, but I've got to explain this.
B.J. was from Alaska.
I'm from here.
We're the first and second-round picks in Tri-City in that Bantam draft.
So I went out there. We lived together. I kind of beat. We're the first and second round picks in Tri-City in that Bantam draft. So I went out there.
We lived together.
I kind of beat him out of the spot with Lankow, again, because I was his centerman.
He was our top winger.
He gets traded to Red Deer.
Now, he's a bit of a fuck-up.
BJ is the kind of guy.
He's American.
He played World Junior.
He's a really good player.
But he'd be like, come on, Newf.
Let's stay out until 1130.
But I'll be like, Kirby's at 11.
But he wouldn't even want to stay out drinking. He'd like
want to go swimming or something.
He was just an innocent-ish,
naive kind of American
that grew up. He was so talented, but he didn't
even know the hockey the way we do.
The whole team sacrifice and all that.
He was playing on a pond half the time.
So, BJ
and I become friends. He gets
traded to Red Deer
so when I'm in
Montreal in 96-97
they were waiting for me to go back
I played 4 games but I had post concussion
so I knew I was waiting until the deadline
and I didn't fight in Red Deer once
he said go back there
and I don't want any more of this
there's no reason for the fighting
and you're just going to play
where do you want to go?
And I said, Red Deer.
And BJ went from 32 goals to 58.
He set the record.
He still got it.
And they should retire his jersey.
They should.
If anybody from Red Deer, I put it in my book,
you should retire his jersey.
He's got the most goals ever.
And the man passed away.
Now, after that happened on the show,
I went right to Alberta to play for Bentley.
And Bentley is like a powerhouse.
They've been in the Allen Cup like eight or nine years in a row.
They hooked me up with a great job, and I started working on the radio.
And the other thing, to get back to it, I have been working in hockey.
So I went out there.
I coached some minor hockey.
They gave me, like I said, a great job.
And I went to see Tyson, his son.
And he looks just like him.
And I took Tyson to hockey.
And I ended up, I could go forever with this, but I took Tyson to Newfoundland.
And I'm now married to BJ's ex-wife, Danielle.
She came over here.
And Penny Lane was a happy accident.
I have an eight-year-old daughter.
I love the Beatles and Penny Lane was a happy accident. I have an eight-year-old daughter. I love the Beatles.
Penny Lane.
So, you know, and it's not the regular way a family would start.
And it's certainly, you know, and all of us, you know, been trying at times.
But, you know, BJ and I used to talk about that shit.
I made him a promise.
And I was going nowhere at the time.
So I thought, how could it hurt, you know, to, to see where this goes. Tyson didn't have a father. So
that's it. And long story short, Tyson now is 19. He took last year off hockey. He just,
for a lot of reasons, he was hurt most of it, but he's going to go out, play junior
B in BC in a few days. And that's more to, I mean, I hope I'd love him to get up, but
I'm not that parent that says, you know, you better
play. I know what it's like to have pressure because your
father played. I never pushed it on him.
This, I hope he goes out, goes to university
and meets people and has a great life
ahead of him but, you know.
I don't want to be morbid.
No, no, no. That's your life.
That's your, I mean,
that's your life. That's a crazy story
but, I mean, in end, it's great.
Did you get any criticism from anyone maybe you were mutual friends with about that?
Or did you have to sit anyone down and explain it?
Or was it one of those things where...
It makes me happy, so fuck anyone else who says anything.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a great question.
It's a great question.
I called Jesse Wallen, who was our captain at the time,
way back when we played together.
And Jesse was assistant coach or maybe head coach of Red Deer Rebels at the time.
And Jesse was captain of the World Juniors.
He's a real, you know, you could often bypass the whole team and the coaches
and the GMs and call Jesse kind of thing.
And usually what he says is a smart decision.
And I phoned Jesse.
Because it happened quick.
I don't even know, like, if Tyson wasn't around and we didn't have Penny Lane,
like, I don't know, it's not like I was pursuing Danielle.
It just came out of that.
And, you know, it just happened really quick.
We went to Europe.
And, you know, we were not sure where any of this was going to head.
And then she just said, I'm pregnant with Penny Lane.
And Tyson was doing great and grew up.
He's a good young man.
He got through school with good marks and everything, and he's just a good person.
And really, that, in my mind, trumped everything.
Because no matter who I ask, they don't know your personal situation, do they?
Oh, absolutely not.
I can't say it wasn't odd.
I won't even say weird, but it wasn't weird.
I've lived a so fucking unique life that it was just par for the course, man, and it felt like the timing was right.
Terry, although you had all those injuries, does part of you, like there's a bit of self-deprecation to you
does that mask the fact that you do
have regrets about the way you handled your career
I mean, hey, I'll be the first one to say
I probably drank
more than average
and that's maybe a little bit of an understatement
and I think I could have stretched out my NHL
career maybe one or two years if I would
have taken it extremely seriously
I don't really have any regrets because of where it's brought me now do you have any um I got to
be honest with you I know the persona that I created for myself I know that I was the kind
of guy though biz that if I'm out you're going to know it because I'll be dancing on the bar
every time I'm out I ask the live that the band, can I get up and sing with them? So I really think that a lot of that
got blended in because, again, there was no other team other than Montreal that that line
was foggy. Now, so I'm not saying that the perception maybe. I always felt like I had
a total hand. I mean, you know, put it this way. I never felt like I had a total hand...
I mean, you know, put it this way,
I never drank the night before a game.
That was like a personal rule.
So that rules out a lot.
But I definitely, definitely handled myself the wrong way.
And I didn't need to be a show-off at the bar.
I didn't need to be doing that.
You know, there is definitely a level
that I created for myself.
I don't think at any point I was going to go off.
So to answer, it didn't cut it short as a substance abuser.
No.
And I know that's not what you were saying about you, but some people.
But it definitely added that I'm so loud.
I've got to be the life of the party.
I always need the attention.
And I think that comes with growing up maybe as an only child or whatever.
And it's also just in my genetics.
My dad's the same way.
Look at my Instagram.
We talk all the time.
We're really close.
But I don't know.
What percentage of the incoming year are you like, I got screwed over as opposed to, ah, that's just kind of the way it went?
Well, okay, screwed over.
Okay, guys, here's what I'm saying.
You give a first-rounder 100 games to fail, don't you?
Yeah, that's the standard.
It's not like I went to the minors and I didn't do it.
I was rookie of the year.
I'm in the American League, so no matter what my habits were or whatever you might say about it, I was rookie
of the year. So in my mind, and then we got in this argument, and the second part of it
is that I should have gone to camp and I didn't. But in the end, I played eight games. I can
tell you there's guys that didn't pan out. Chad Kilger went fourth in my draft. But you
know, you give him, I think he got 400 games,
but you usually give a first-rounder 80, a season or two, right?
At least there was a knockout.
And if it's not with one team, it's with another.
So what, you just practiced in Montreal that one year
and they didn't give you any games?
You just were up there practicing?
Well, no, I had post-concussion for a bit of it.
And it wasn't only that.
No, I was there like all summers.
I got called up other times.
Well, you said they didn't want to send you down back to junior, so they kept you with the NHL club, correct?
Yeah.
And look, they were bringing me along.
Okay, so I'm not going to sit here and badmouth the Canadians.
I love that I'm a fact.
I'm proud to be alumni.
But you asked me at that time, like there was many, many reasons.
Injuries were one.
I think it was easy to blame that for the public.
So I always got my back up at that public perception because I'm not an alcoholic.
I'm not a drug abuser.
I've done both.
I smoke weed almost every day, and that really helps with my, you know, anxiety.
I don't know if that was brought on by concussions.
I get a lot of it if you can't fucking notice.
And, you
know, so, you know, and I'm pretty vocal about that. I'm usually, like I said, the life of
the party when there is one. I was never a guy to come home and, like, drink alone or
anything that never happened. I'm just trying to paint a picture. Yes, I could have handled
myself better. And I don't blame Montreal entirely because I didn't go back there.
Like, maybe they were going to give me more than those eight games when I went back.
And they would have had to because all those guys get injured.
But so it was really unfortunate from both sides of it.
And the reason I didn't go back was Michelle Tarian.
But ironically, had he been the head coach in Montreal, I would have played.
Like, again, that's another misconception.
It's not that Therrien wouldn't have played me.
After I fought a lot, he played the shit out of me.
I just didn't like him, and I didn't want to go back because I want to be happy,
and to that point, I didn't face that much adversity, and I guess I handled it the wrong way.
All right, Terry, thank you so much for coming on.
We really appreciate it.
You got a million stories.
We'll definitely have you on again.
So thank you very much.
And we'll talk to you soon.
That interview was brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing.
Believe me, I know.
But there's a simpler way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event,
whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team once the season gets going,
Seat Geek helps you find the best seats at the best prices fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being in there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and Seat Geek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
I have the Seat Geek app on my phone. It's the easiest way I've found to shop for tickets.
When you want to go see the Yankees play the Red Sox and get their teeth kicked in,
you go to SeatGeek. Easy way to find some tickets that are really close and you can decide where
you want to sit based on the app. It's perfect. Best of all, all of my listeners, all of our
listeners get 10 off their first SeatGeek purchase. Just download the SeatGeek app and
enter the promo code Hockey today. That's the promo code Hockey
for 10 off your first Seat Geek purchase.
Seat Geek. Right seat, right now,
right from your phone. Thank you.
Alright, everyone.
So, Terry had some difficulties
with his kind of connection,
I think, in Newfoundland. The Rock's phone lines
aren't great yet, but it does
explain Biz. When we were trying to talk to him, a lot of the time he wasn't hearing us.
So we told him he's going to be back on.
We love having his on.
You can tell he's got beauty stories.
But I think people were like, why doesn't this guy let Biz talk?
Well, he couldn't hear you the whole time.
Yeah, it was a little rattling because I was trying to hop in on some of those stories,
especially the one in warm-ups, how they used to separate them.
And the away team used to warm up first and then the home team.
I know.
We had questions we wanted to get in yeah i had questions about all these
crazy things but you know he's a character i mean a lot of the nhl guys uh well at least from the
rock know who he is but nonetheless terry was was great uh you could tell he's got tons of stories
he actually has a tons of stories a ton of stories that we didn't get to because he was telling his
more overall story but i believe that's the perfect way to because he was telling his more overall story.
But I believe that's the perfect way to segue him
into becoming a reoccurring guest
where we can get all these crazy old-time hockey stories.
And I wouldn't mind getting his opinion mid-season
on what's going on in the NHL.
I think he's...
This is a guy watching two, three games a night,
so I think we'll have fun having him on
and getting his thoughts on the current league
and what's going on mid-season.
Absolutely.
And of course, we've got to thank New Balance and Warrior again.
And Warrior wanted me to mention they're coming out with their new
Covert QR Edge hockey stick.
I believe it's accessible by the pros right now, so guys like me.
And, you know, Brad Marchand, William Carlson, who's a Warrior guy.
And speaking of.
Yes, what is up with that?
A little bit of a difference in money.
Actually, before we get into him quickly, while talking to Terry,
we saw Jeff Skinner traded to the Buffalo Sabres.
Whoa, more action.
So we're breaking news here.
I mean, you're going to hear this tomorrow and already know this.
But still, big trade for Buffalo with a bunch of changes.
They get a guy who's  people say right away how's his health well he's played 80 to 82 games three years in a row so his health's fine i think people worried about his head for a
little bit but that's another pretty good move by buffalo him and michael together him and michael
together that's going to be dangerous yeah you you now have two uh two game breakers on the team
and and now i feel it's a place where guys
are going to want to go. Now all of a sudden they've got
a bit of a team. Now they've got their ace on the blue
line. And they've got Chippewa Street. And then they've got
Chippewa and the bars are open until 4am
and the girls are all sevens.
I guess I can't really say that. And they fuck like
rabbits. And I probably can't
say that either. But
getting back to William Carlson, who's
a Warrior guy.
43 goals last year and the team's offering him 3.5.
He wants 6.5, and they're going to arbitration.
It's crazy that we're assuming maybe George McPhee says,
do it again and kind of prove yourself before they're ready to chuck him out a long-term deal,
whereas I thought he'd get an offer for a really long 7-, 8-year deal after the season he had,
but maybe they look to the year before and said,
we want to see it again before we're ready to shell out big dough.
Well, and keep in mind, Vegas has a lot of cap space to work with right now.
But they lost Neal.
Yeah, not saying you want to just throw money away.
A little annoyed at the Arb thing, where teams are coming in at one,
and then the player comes in at fucking nine.
Mark Stone came in at nine.
Him and his agent, which, hey, man, if you're going to play in Ottawa as the one guy now,
and you're a sick player, you ask for the fucking moon.
And they're saying that that could end up being the highest ever recorded deal given by the arbitrator.
Really?
Shea Weber's at seven point something.
Seven five with Shea Weber.
Okay.
So he's asking for nine.
The team's offering five.
That could be an eight.
The guy had a sick year.
Who knows?
And the arb guy is obviously like, oh, God, you got to play an Ottawa now?
You're going to have death threats to your fucking old lady from fucking other guys on
the team's wives?
Yeah.
Here, take 10.
Fuck it.
Here, take more than you asked for.
Yeah.
The arbitrator is like, I'm going to give you 10 and a half. You were too low on the team's wives. Yeah, here, take 10. Fuck it. Here, take more than you asked for. Yeah, the armchair's like, I'm going to give you 10 and a half.
You know, you were too low on your, the auto gym's like, what just happened?
Holy shit.
But, no, I mean, dude, we did a lot of great stuff today.
We're, you know, we're here.
And I want to go back to the Skinner trade.
I think Carolina's a fucking dumpster fire.
Something's going on there.
It's a dumpster fire.
Yeah, it's crazy. What The fuck is going on, man?
I think the owner there has made it loud and clear or said loud and clear that it's his way.
And my sense is there's people saying this isn't going to work and he doesn't care.
You know what?
I would assume that anyone with that much money who can own a franchise.
He doesn't give a shit.
Well, yet that or he's legitimately trying to make this team
tank and be shit and and and have fans not want to come to games based off of the moves he's
controlled and made to get the team moved i know you could there are rumors that he he does want
to move the team to houston texas he's a texas oil guy oh fucking so and houston's you know one of
those one of those markets now that that you that the NHL is talking about expanding to.
I think you should go to Quebec so we can go up to Quebec City and do a live podcast.
How are you?
I don't know, man.
The women in Houston, they call it Houston, Atlanta, Vegas.
Yeah, Houston's a terrible city, I've been told.
Really?
Yes.
Oh, all right.
I did see the Pats win a Super Bowl there.
Okay, so what was it like?
It's really spread out. It's really, really spread out. I mean, you haveats win a Super Bowl there, so I have it. Okay, so what was it like? It's really spread out.
It's really, really spread out.
I mean, you have to take a 20-minute cab to go anywhere.
Oh, you know what's funny, though, is we didn't talk to Terry much about the fact that he broke into his parents' house to get that interview.
No, at one point, I don't know if we have it, he's like, Mom, do you have another phone line we can use?
He's like, Mom, the meatloaf, what the fuck?
Fucking Terry.
He's like, Mom, the meat love, what the fuck?
Fucking Terry.
But Grinnelli had to break into his apartment last night because he locked himself out.
I did, yeah.
Can we talk quickly? I'm the most athletic person.
Did Grinnelli drink only Red Bull vodka?
No, no, no, no.
That's not true.
I was with him last night.
Well, all right, what did you say?
All right, yeah, no.
So you get the night started with a Red Bull vodka, have one, two, three, maybe four,
and then you switch to vodka soda.
Splash a Red Bull.
Keep the heart pumping.
How do you sleep?
If I have four vodka Red Bulls.
Grinnelly's that fucking asshole at the convenience store who's in front of you, and he's getting two big monster energy cans and like a Snickers.
And you're like, man, how do you not have a fucking drink?
Man, people who do that are fucked.
But I can't drink energy drinks unless there's booze in them.
I refuse to drink an energy drink.
I mean, I would, yeah, like once a year maybe I'll have a Red Bull.
Just because like.
Dude, when we work the playoffs, you know, you can do the late games playoffs at NHL Network.
Weeksy has a large monster energy, like as we're doing the pre-show production meeting.
I'm like, that's a savage move, dude.
I can't really crush those without vodka either
I have a question though
When I was climbing onto my roof last night
I was hanging there for a sec
And if I died, what would you guys have done?
Got a new producer for the Today We Had Today
Biz, would you have gotten a tattoo for me?
Are we good enough friends?
I'll say this
No, I wouldn't have gotten a tattoo
You have a pumpkin on your arm
I would have gone to your wake and funeral i know but okay listen let's not go there
yeah i will i will say this i would be very genuinely upset because i feel that like
one you're an unbelievable person i spent a lot of time with you when we were banking when we
were banking interviews in in uh in canada becauseitt was on a fucking four-week vacation.
But that's besides the point.
I think with Spittin' Chickas, we're growing something.
This is fun.
And to lose one of our teammates would suck.
And we actually need to incorporate more Grinnelli stories
because he's got some fucked up ones,
like one of your ex-girlfriend.
Oh, the Hell's Angel one?
And what's even crazier
is I'm like,
you would tell that on the podcast?
And he's like,
yeah, I don't give a fuck.
I think he'll tell anything.
And the dad's a Hell's Angel.
So we might,
well, speaking of you dying,
how about we don't tell that story?
Yeah, no, yeah.
I could die from that.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, let's pass that one
because all of a sudden
they'll end up taking me out
trying to get to you.
That'd be the worst thing.
I know. Then the listeners would be really rattled. I don't like it that one because all of a sudden they'll end up taking me out trying to get to you. That would be the worst thing. I know.
Then the listeners would be really rattled.
I don't like it that much.
Jesus Christ.
But before we get into our last conversation, which is close to my heart, once again, thank you to Warrior.
Their new stick's coming out, their Covert QR Edge hockey stick.
I was here filming some stuff with Ryan Suter, Mark Shififley who's a really good actor and how big
is he in person big dude he's he's he's solid yeah and and honestly man you could tell he i
wouldn't say a bit of a hockey nerd but he's like very dedicated to his craft like bergeron but
such a nice guy it's like bergeron oh really friendly oh my god that's the best it's the
fucking best and just please don't be a hard-o. Just talk to me, you know?
No, he's really good at hockey.
He loves the game, and he nerds out about hockey, which is great,
because then we get to watch him and fucking talk about him on the pod.
But unbelievable person, and he was good at acting,
as Pasha, because he's right here next to me.
And then Brad Marchand, who I met really probably for the first time,
and talked to him a bit.
Another awesome guy.
So the Warrior crew is amazing.
And Grinnelli, jump in.
Yeah, you guys have a hilarious video coming out.
Do you want to talk about that at all?
I mean, Pasha.
Another guerrilla style, right?
I brought Pasha down.
He's the one who helped me with Biz Nasty Does BC.
And moving forward, this podcast is going to pump out more and more content.
Grinnelli's busy producing the podcast side of things.
And Pasha, who has now joined us.
What do you say, Pasha?
Hello, hello.
You're going to be helping us develop more content, more visual content.
Yeah, more behind-the-scenes visual content.
And just give something for the eyes to feast on while the ears are feasting on it.
Ooh.
Whoa.
Holy.
Were you practicing that over there?
That was like a line out of a pitch he gave somebody.
I want to get eyes on what the ears are hearing.
Yeah, he's like,
I'm Denzel Washington.
Remember the Titans.
And listen to me speak and be motivated.
And get goosebumps.
Basha Rock in the David Ortiz jersey right right now that just gets him close to my heart
he has a jersey of every home team he just packs him whatever city he goes to he's got a milwaukee
brewers jersey he's like ah one time i was there i gotta have my jersey on brian braun yeah you
never know when they're gonna boo a race or applaud a racist um biz back home uh for dad
70th yeah my dad's 70th birthday coming up.
Shout out to my pops.
But more importantly, boys, Shane Doan is going to get his number retired with the Arizona Coyotes.
I cannot wait for that game.
Of course, the Coyotes are going to be playing it against the Winnipeg Jets because he started his career there.
They could get pounded.
So that's a big deal to me.
He was a great role model model he was like a father
away from my pops in the locker room uh if phoenix has any brains they have you mc that night no no
no no we have todd walsh affiliated with the team tv guy todd yeah he's great at that stuff okay he
is he's special he's very yeah they can't trust you anyways out on the ice oh no i'd be like oh
i did look at that broad.
I crushed her.
Oh, do you see her?
Say it.
Everyone's like, what are you talking about?
It's Donut's night.
And I'm like, yo, shout out to the girl in the front row.
I crushed her my first year playing here.
One of 50.
Not a big deal.
I will remember you.
Totally off the rails.
Get him.
Get him.
Somebody hit him with a... This is exactly what I thought would happen. Get him. Get him.
This is exactly what I thought would happen.
Guys are fighting over it.
Whose idea was this?
But Donner was unbelievable.
You know, he didn't drink much, but he would always come out with the boys and have a few legit pops like Coca-Cola.
And just a great team guy, great leader.
And I'm proud of him.
What a player.
He was a beast.
I remember James Wisniewski hit him hard once.
I wonder if it was one of the hardest hits he ever took.
I fought him.
I fought Peros after that because it was a dirty hit.
I think Yandel went and fought Wis.
Yeah, he went after Wis.
And Wis is a tough kid, but Doan just was so hard to play against.
That guy's career was one in a million, if you really
look at what he did. And he may or may
not have a huge bat. Oh, I heard
it's a rooster.
Well, that's our talk
for the week. That's our talk for the week. Nor for me to confirm or deny,
but he may. Well,
all right, great for Donor. That'll be a
special night, and I think that
that's about all we got this week.
So, big thanks to Pasha who
stayed up for basically 20
what? 26 hours
non-stop. No, Pasha, you slept
on the red eye. For two hours.
And Biz is trying to tell you he didn't?
I looked over. He was fucking out.
He was out. I was more like
in my thoughts with my eyes shut.
We each slept for maybe like an hour, hour and a half.
But we're going to pump out a fun video.
We got a few NHLers
included in it
and it was all for
Warrior Hockey.
Shout out to my sponsor
and New Balance.
Shout out to my other sponsor.
Not a big deal.
Two sponsors.
Peace out.
Peace out. about a thing cause every little thing
gonna be alright
singing don't worry
about a thing
cause every little thing
gonna be alright
rise up this morning.
Smile with the rising sun.
Three little birds.
Beach by my doorstep.
Singing sweet songs.
Of melodies pure and true.
Singing.
This is my message
to you
singing
don't worry
about a thing
I'll never lose
you
