Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode is brought to you by Udemy.
Udemy is the largest and most accessible online learning marketplace with the most courses,
teachers, and opportunities for students everywhere around the globe.
I'll tell you, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, everybody knows me as a hockey guy,
but another thing about me too, I'm a big movie guy.
And I also love podcasts about movies as well.
And when I'm listening to that stuff, I learn tons of stuff that you can't learn on a hockey podcast.
And you want to expand your horizons.
There's no better way to do that than with Udemy.
With over 60,000 courses online, Udemy is the largest space for online learning.
I mean, if you want to take a
history of film, something like I did, boom, find out how the early origins of movies start. I'm the
movie geek of the hockey podcast, so I like to learn a little bit more in addition to, you know,
power plays and being shorthanded. Udemy has something for everyone, whether I'm home,
at the desk, on the computer, using the app on my phone. Udemy gives me access to knowledge
wherever I am. You guys got to check
out. I'm telling you, they got something for everybody. They've helped students all over the
world improve their skills, their careers, and their lives. They've helped me get the best I can.
You know, when I'm in a movie trivia contest, I got to pull something out of my butt. Boom,
Udemy helps it out. So go to ude.com, I'm sorry, ude.my slash chicklets right now and get 90 off when you sign up for classes.
You will not find a better price.
So sign up for classes now using our link, U-D-E dot my slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
And get access to life-changing classes for 90 off and make sure you
download their app to use on the phone.
You can stream your studies wherever you are.
That's U D E dot M Y slash chicklets.
U D E dot M Y slash chicklets. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 103 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Bastu Sports.
Let's say hello to the fellas.
Ryan Whitney will go first.
How was the brother's wedding last week?
Fabulous.
Just an amazing time.
What's going on, everyone?
Chatham in the Cape.
Beautiful area.
My God.
This wedding was phenomenal.
Me and my brother did a speech together.
It was a roasting.
Pretty much a roasting of our youngest brother. But we also,
you know, gave him some nice things. So we can go into whatever we want later,
but I'll let everyone else say hello. Mikey Grinelli, producer.
What's up, boys? What's going on? And Wonder Boy, Paul Bissonette, who is currently just outside
Seattle. Did you stop in for any, what do you call them, any Bumble notches up in the Pacific Northwest while you're driving?
How's that going for you?
No, I actually deleted Bumble.
And Raya is currently on hold.
And I'm getting back with my girl.
Currently we are.
We're going to see if we can work things out.
And, yeah, boy, so this can work things out. Yeah, boy.
This is off the market.
No more fun.
Although, I did have the conversation
with her that I told her,
I said, this podcast is important to me
and all my old stories
are allowed to be talked about.
Obviously, I cannot create any new ones.
That's the arrangement we have.
You know what?
Basically, you're telling her, okay, people like my old stories.
I want to be with you.
But if you want to go to the Capitol Grill and go shopping,
I'm going to tell all those stories so that I can make more money.
And if you don't, then I won't tell anything,
and we can go eat at Applebee's.
Hey, babe, if you like the appies at Applebee's. Hey, babe. Hey, babe. If you like the
Appies at Applebee's, let's go.
I'll quit the pod.
We'll have an awesome, very simple
life.
Those stories still happen.
Those stories still happen.
I mean, the House of No
Return story, which will be coming
in the next few episodes, that's going to
put us over the edge and we're going going to get the surfing turf in Nashville.
I mean, come on.
So, Biz, you do these road trips back and forth from Vancouver to Phoenix.
Now, do you have any stops you make on all your trips, or is it just, fuck it, I've done
it a million times, put your helmet on and drive and make no stops and get there quick?
What kind of itinerary do you have?
You know what?
I'm always doing these by myself already.
If I ever did it, like, let's say with my girl,
I would like to do the California coast, like, go down,
maybe even wine country.
But when I'm just doing it by myself,
I'm just trying to bang out two 12-hour days and just get there.
From Vancouver to Arizona is a 24-hour drive.
Let's be honest, though.
I mean, if you were to do that with your girl, I mean, a couple hours,
you're like, what am I doing?
What did I do?
What did I get myself into?
Well, I'm pretty sure I'd just roll outside the door and that would be it,
you know, just kind of fucking end her there.
But, no, but I actually think I could survive two days in the car.
You know, just maybe with the dogs.
Maybe we'd have to bring the dogs.
Hey, it's crazy.
Like, it feels, we did a show, I think,
we did a show when you were driving from Phoenix to Vancouver
that feels like a month ago.
When was that?
Yeah, time flies, boys.
That was one of my first episodes after I got back from Australia.
And I tell you what, it's been quite the summer.
And this podcast, I mean, Christ, boys, we can get into it.
We've created a cult following.
I had somebody, some random guy buy me breakfast the other morning.
Oh, you're insane.
What did you say?
No, I said we've created a cult following. Like, I're insane. What did you say? No, I said,
we've created a cult following.
Like, I'll be walking down the street.
We'll have people yelling at me,
tricklets, tricklets.
The other morning,
there was a guy from San Jose
who was going to hop on a cruise,
an Alaskan cruise,
and he saw me inside of a breakfast spot
and he bought me breakfast.
And I was like,
geez, dude, you didn't have to do that.
And he goes, man,
just keep bringing the stories on tricklets. Like, the least i can do and i'm like geez man like
we have some hardcore awesome fans and he's he probably said like i know you were gonna just go
to the bathroom and probably leave on the bill anyway so i figured i'd help out the waitress
that stanky box is paying off while you're busy yeah that's i uh i just i just last, I'm just getting back today.
I drove early in the morning.
I left like 515 Milton where I live.
I went to Sleepy Hall, sick golf track outside New York City.
So me and my buddy went, his good friends, a member.
Unreal time.
But about two hours into the ride, we pull over in New Haven.
Right off the highway, there's a starbucks i'm like
i need something to eat whatever get out of the car i get out of the car someone could get to the
car he's like holy shit you gotta be kidding me and right away i'm like this kid's a chicklets fan
and my buddy says he's like i'm just thinking he knows you and you don't remember him sure enough
he's like dude i'm the biggest fan of Chickens. How the fuck am
I seeing you at New Haven at 7
30 in the morning? I was like, this is insane.
I appreciate you listening, man.
That is fucking wild,
man. Me and Grinnell
were down in Nashville.
We were meeting fans from Alabama and
all these hip towns you never heard of.
It's fucking crazy, man, how we got our tentacles out.
I love when people tell us that the best compliment I think we get is,
I don't even really watch hockey, but since I listen to the show,
now I'm watching the draft and I'm into the NHL.
That's like the best thing we hear, people getting into hockey because of the show.
Yeah, if you don't like hockey and you actually listen to us,
you're my favorite person in the world i'd say uh yeah so it's
pretty it's pretty well wit wit why don't why don't we talk about uh the pga championship i
know you're a big golfer that handsome fella what's his name brock brooks brooks kepka he is
a man rock i think we talked about it after he won the U.S. Open.
That guy is a  I mean, talk about an alpha male hammer cock hulk.
He just
Does he have a huge wrench?
There's no way he doesn't.
Let's be honest.
Look at the guy.
He wears medium T-shirts, skin tight.
He's swinging out of his shoes, mashing the ball on a string.
And then, you know, his girl's waiting for him
after that gives her a quick little like high
five and then he's like struts in front of her.
The guy's a machine.
Well, wait, I kind of wanted to talk
about that. So,
man, would it ever make me
uncomfortable if like
she looked at Tiger a certain way
and then obviously the whole barstool
crowd screenshotted it and everyone was like oh basically like oh she wants the stuffed tiger like
god you know he's seeing that because he he's big on social media would that make you look
differently at your girl like would you break up with her if everyone's like oh tiger's gonna bang
her no because tiger's like anything tiger does i mean he walked in with
his hat backwards his shades on it's a hilarious thing but anything he does goes viral so obviously
with his sexual history you see some girl in a in a split second moment in a picture like
looking at him with like the gomi eyes and i know what are you gonna do you can get a picture of
anyone i mean it's a split second i mean, she probably is looking at him like tiger fucking woods.
I mean, God, the guy's an absolute winning machine that, I mean,
just sexed up everything from Perkins waitresses to supermodels on his yacht
privacy. So, I mean,
she does have a little bit of like off factor looking at him.
Okay. But hear me out though.
So like all of a sudden you're
dating the golf's new hunk who he's let's hear we'll establish this right now he's better looking
than tiger woods that's not negotiable tiger's not good looking he's got a shake okay head to
shave it up off top go ra style don't try to hold on to his feathers. I agree.
So hear me out.
So not only is he not winning like he used to, and now her man is,
he's better looking, but yet she gives him the hungry eyes.
Like, that upsets me.
It's just like, what?
Like, ugh.
Like, I would be grossed out by that, and I would gas her.
Yeah, dude.
She's just a fan.
I mean, he's the most popular fucking guy in the sport.
I think anyone gets a little
leeway for getting a little googly-eyed. I mean,
he's, you know, it's like seeing the fucking Beatles,
man. It's fucking, it's Tiger Woods.
I can imagine what Whitney looked like. We didn't have any
footage of Whitney when he saw him, but he probably
looked similar to that. People
go crazy. As far as Koepka, man.
I gave him knucks. Not only is he fucking,
not only is he jackw only is he is he jack
wits but talk about ice water in his veins man huh i mean i mean he he had tiger creeping all
day and he just kept him at bay and he played fucking unreal golf he just played fucking smart
and steady and like man this guy's the real deal like you know guys just don't don't crumble in
front of tiger but he he was very impressive he he is so nails and i think every
sport is this way uh but golf is i mean to me the most where you have to be cocky to be the best and
he is so cocky but i mean you got to just respect it it's when he won his first i think he won a
european tour his first european tour like the challenge tour which is like the web.com for the
european tour and he said this this is uh i i don't mean to sound cocky but this is just the beginning i
i have like an amazing future coming so i feel here's what's crazy yeah he's got three majors
and only one normal pga win he's only got four pga wins i know that's that's i looked i i didn't
even realize that either. That's incredible.
I mean, you're able to win the hardest tournaments to win.
I mean, he's got the stat that kind of blew me away for golf nerds out there
who know golfers.
Dustin Johnson, Jason Day, and Justin Thomas combined have three,
and Brooks Kaepka has three.
So, I mean, that's three superstars, and all together they have three,
and this animal already has three.
The regular tournaments don't even matter to him,
so he's not going anywhere either.
I mean, the guy was talking about how he did a full body lift Sunday morning.
He benched 225 15 times before he goes out and plays the final round of a major,
so he's a machine.
He's, what, only the fourth American under 29 to have three majors
before he's turned 29.
I know I think Nicholas and Tiger were two of the other ones.
They showed the graphic the other day.
So that was a pretty impressive stat as well.
Well, Spieth has three.
This might be a cliche question,
but do you think that Tiger will ever win another major?
I have two 500 bets with people that I made when he was in the darkest
of the dark days that he would never win another major.
It's until he's 50.
So I'm starting to get worried.
I didn't think he would.
But now, I mean, at this point, he was right in the lead at the British Open coming on the backstretch.
He finishes tie second here.
I think he's going to get one.
He's either going to get a Masters or a British Open
because I think the other two tournaments, I don't know.
He doesn't drive it very straight.
On the back nine Sunday, he missed all nine fairways and was three under.
I mean, Biz, you don't golf.
That's just insane.
If you don't hit the fairways, you don't shoot three under.
Yeah, to answer your question, Biz.
Yeah, I'm not a big fairway guy either.
I think he does, man.
Just the last two tournaments he's been knocking, especially the other day.
I mean, it's like he had a chance and he blew it.
I think, you know, if he had a better Thursday, he might have won the tournament.
But, I mean, yeah, I'm not going to say the two words everybody else uses,
but I think he's definitely close to winning another tourney,
and it wouldn't surprise me at all if he does it.
I think he will.
But that's not one of my bets with Whitney, by the way.
No, he
You think Tiger gets his butthole licked by some of these girls he's with?
I'm going to guess that Tiger was very involved in anal play
when he was on his run and maybe currently.
He's got a new babe,
but she doesn't
really get talked about. I saw her
give her a kiss when he walked off
the 18th green, but I didn't even know he had a new girl.
Do we know who she is?
No, that's what I'm saying.
I don't think, at least tabloids don't talk
about her. Maybe because she's not famous.
I mean, Lindsey Vonn was a famous chick.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I think we've talked about golf long enough.
There's actually a couple things in the news, I guess, hockey-wise.
I mean, R.A., Grinnell, you want to bring them up?
So, the NHL released the schedule for games that will be played on NBC this year.
And as we figured, Chicago is in the lead once again with 19 games.
Washington will be on NBC the second most with 18 games.
Philadelphia third, 17 games.
Pittsburgh fourth, 15 games.
And then Boston and the Rangers are tied for fifth with 14 games.
But it's getting some little controversy surrounded by it because,
as we know, the Blackhawks didn't make the playoffs last year,
and they're on national television the most this season.
I know people kind of complain about this,
but those are the biggest markets, so it makes sense.
And also, NBC made a conscious effort.
They're going to show more Canadian games.
I think there's going to be more games on NBC as opposed to NBC Sports,
so national TV.
And then I think the All-Star game is going to national TV.
So, I mean, I think the people whining, I mean, Chicago, Pittsburgh,
Washington, they're always going to have the most games.
That's just how it is.
But if they're going to get more involved with Canadian matchups
and show Toronto play Winnipeg, which I believe they are,
then that's a great start.
I mean, they're not going to right away change what everyone wants it to change
and show teams evenly.
It's just  it's not going to happen.
So if they slowly get into it, I'm happy with that.
Yeah, R.A., What do you think, buddy?
Yeah. People,
I feel like this joke's been fucking running on hockey Twitter for five years.
Now the Blackhawks get all the winter classics,
the Blackhawks get all the national telecast, but Hey man,
when you win fucking three Stanley cups in what six seasons is, was it?
Yeah. And yeah, you're going to,
your fucking teams are going to be on TV a lot.
That's kind of how it works.
Like, you know, use the Patriots as an example.
They won all their Super Bowls.
That's why they're on national TV every other fucking week, it seems.
So, yeah, Chicago, they did have an off year.
It is kind of odd that they added two games,
considering they weren't a playoff team last year.
But, you know, they're still marketable.
Like Whit said, they're a huge city.
They draw in huge numbers.
Taking a look at, like, Tampa, they're doubling their amount of games on NBC,
going from 6 to 12, which is wholly appropriate.
They're an American team down south who's loaded.
I mean, they should be one of the Stanley Cup favorites,
so it's good to see them getting some games.
But, yeah, I mean, every time these kind of schedules come out,
people are always going to complain, especially nowadays.
Everything gets fucking amplified.
So, small
tiny fucking violin right here.
Well, yeah.
You guys basically hit the nail on the head.
I mean, it comes down to money
and I believe that the teams that they're putting
at the top of the list there are the
ones generating the most income and
that's what makes the league go around.
Well, essentially,
and already you touched on it. They won three cups. They've kind, and RAU Cubs, you know, they won three Cubs.
They've kind of earned to be on that stage.
I know they haven't won one as of late in the last few years here,
but nonetheless, I mean, people want to see how they rebound.
They still have that core group of guys together.
And, hey, I think, Grinnelli, I forgot how many you said L.A. was pulling in.
I feel like that's a fan base that would serve them as well based on winning.
Yeah, I agree with that.
I agree with that.
They're never on, it seems.
The L.A. Kings only have five, which that's pretty shocking.
Right, and they have a pretty good core group of players.
They draft well and they develop well, so they always have these good up-and-comers.
So, yeah, I'm surprised to see them on the list.
But ultimately, you know, I'm sure based on analytics is what's going to put the money in their pocket.
So, hey, what are you going to do?
And, hey, Arizona's on it once.
You don't fucking hear me whining.
Actually, they're twice.
They're twice.
They doubled.
Ooh!
How?
Suck it!
Move on more, then.
They doubled last year.
I think everyone's been twice, right?
No, there's actually two teams that got zero games.
Hold on.
Let me try to guess.
Let me try to guess.
Wow.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
Carolina. That would probably be a guess. Wow. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Carolina.
That would probably be a guess.
Did Panthers not get one?
Nope.
Florida?
No, no.
Florida got one.
Oh, they did?
And Carolina did too?
Carolina did too.
Okay.
Montreal?
No, they would have the Bruins.
They would have the Bruins.
Wow.
Oh, Ottawa. Ottawa? Ottawa.ins. Wow. Oh, Ottawa.
Dallas?
Ottawa.
Ottawa is correct.
We on Ottawa.
The Fire Dubs still ain't getting anything.
And the other team that doesn't get one NBC game would have to be
It's kind of easy.
Is it?
Yeah.
Is it another Canadian squad, Vancouver?
Islanders?
Bingo.
It's called this.
Van?
I got it.
Yeah, Vancouver, yeah.
Yeah, it has to.
I mean, I was going to say it can't be a fan.
Actually, the Kings, Grinnelli, they're taking a huge hit.
They had fucking 12 games on national TV last year.
It's going down to five.
That's a huge increase.
Before we get to a little bit more NHL news,
I just want to talk to you about MyBlue for a minute.
Sometimes it's hard to find a satisfying vape that's simple and convenient.
Blue, who introduced vaping to the world, is now introducing MyBlue.
It gives you all the satisfaction with none of the hassle.
You just click and go.
With MyBlue's easy-to-use, one-click liquid buds,
you can switch between flavors in seconds,
and there's a range of flavors you can choose from.
MyBlue's curved design makes it comfortable to use.
It's just 20 minutes to charge, and you're all set for the day.
It comes with a free limited lifetime device warranty called MyCare.
So try MyBlue today at MyBlue.com.
It's not for sale for minors.
Warning, this product contains nicotine.
Nicotine is an addictive chemical,
but you want to go to MyBlue.com to check it out.
Boys, we did touch on one of the teams, and they got, I guess, some positive news,
where as one of their prospects, Brady Kachuk, is going to be leaving school
and going to play for another professional team, the London Knights.
So is that confirmed?
He's definitely going to London?
I think I can kind of confirm it.
I think it's been rumored.
Actually, I can't say I can confirm it,
but I'd be surprised if it's not on London.
And I can't talk about why I called the London Knights professional
because I'll get in trouble.
I've gotten in a little trouble in the past about making comments
about potentially money exchanging hands,
but we're not going to go there because I've done
those things are done.
But good for Brady, and it just so happens that he may be going
to the London Knights.
So once again, the London Knights have loaded up on talent
that they didn't think they were going to get,
but somehow they might get it.
So that's all I've got to say about that.
Maybe he goes to camp and he's just amazing, though.
I mean, is he not even going to  I'd like to see how it plays out.
I mean, is he not even going to go to the Senators camp?
No, that's
Oh, yeah, I never even thought about that.
Yeah, he's going to get an opportunity to fucking get a role at Ottawa.
I mean, he's going to go to camp and, I mean,
obviously he's definitely not going back to BU.
They're hurting the left wingers, too.
Charlie Coyle left BU and went and played junior,
I believe after the World Juniors, maybe.
I mean, it also depends on what London's going to pay him, too.
I mean, never mind.
Forget I said that.
Forget I said that.
I wasn't going to be that.
Grinnelli, can you please delete that?
Thank you.
So, Witts, like, assuming he does go from, you know, college to juniors,
like you said Charlie Coyle did.
Witts, it doesn't happen often.
Why is that, you think?
I mean, why does it just seem to be a rare thing for guys to go college to junior?
You know, it doesn't just happen.
It seemed to be a rare thing for guys to go college to junior.
You know, it doesn't just happen.
College hockey is so good now that there really isn't a need to.
The only thing I'll say is if people are like,
why would you leave BU Hockey East College?
It's just as good to go to the OHL. But you know what?
His brother played in London, and his brother's had a great start
to what looks to be a long, promising career in the NHL.
So you see a family member do something, you know he was comfortable,
you know who's going to be there, you know what he's getting into
in terms of how the team treats the players.
And so someone who's had family do it, I see how this went down.
I don't think it's common just because college hockey's so much better
than it's ever been, so guys
don't need to. You can go right from college playing in the NHL, which maybe he still will.
I'm going to chime in there. I think this is the reason why, is I think that the OHL,
on a schedule standpoint, and more hockey-focused, gets you ready for the pro game.
In the OHL, I believe they play 68 games now
as opposed to a shorter schedule in college.
In college, like every game, I find that guys are like running around
like it's their last game ever.
It's like each game is just amplified.
You're paying for that much more because it's a shorter schedule.
Where I feel in order to adapt to the pro game, and you can attest to this, you need to get in a good rhythm
where you're not going balls to the wall every night,
but you're playing at that 85 energy exertion level,
and you need to find the rhythm of your game.
You might think I'm looking way too much into it,
but I think that's a big factor.
As much as I hate to say I think you're right, I do.
It's funny because college hockey, it's so much shorter.
And, you know, we have a 35 to 40-ish game.
So I'm pretty sure that's what it still is.
That's what it was when I played.
It's every Friday, Saturday.
So you have all week off.
You practice.
You lift.
And then, like you said, boom, boom, two nights, Friday, Saturday.
And it isn't like pro.
And it is hard that first year.
You're just like, oh, my God, like another Tuesday game.
It's January, game 53.
Holy shit.
But college, that never happened.
So maybe he is looking, all right, I want to learn the pro game.
And junior is more of a pro game.
So I'm 100 on board with that.
Yeah, and another option, too, they could always send them to the AHL,
which I mean,
you think that would probably be better for his development than the,
the OHL at this stage of the game, if he's leaving BU, you know, I would,
that's probably, I don't.
So, all right.
I don't believe he's allowed to just yet simply for the fact that he's been
already drafted by an NHL team.
There's a lot of different rules that apply to this.
We may be butchering it right now,
but I also heard that he has the chance to go to three different OHL teams
where that,
or he would only go there.
So there's a lot of moving parts here,
but I mean,
chances are he ends up with a London Knights cause you know,
they're a, they can afford it.
I actually did look it up as I found an article that specifically gave that
info. So I'm not making it up on the fly.
It says they can give him a spot with the NHL club out of camp,
keep him on the big clubs roster all season as he wants to do.
They could also either loan him to the OHL's London Knights who own his junior rights or assign him to their AHL affiliate,
the Belleville Senators, perhaps after giving him a nine-game trial with Ottawa.
So I didn't make that up.
Really, eh?
Oh, no.
Yeah, and I wasn't saying you were necessarily,
but it seems weird that, like, it's either pro or junior.
Like, why not  why wouldn't they sign him to the A then?
Yeah, exactly. Do they think that it's like  pro or junior. Why wouldn't they sign him to the A then? Exactly.
Unless London's going to
give him more money than fucking Belleville
will. Yeah, but R.A.,
we can't say that here on this podcast.
I don't want to get in trouble, okay?
Sorry, sorry, sorry. Yeah, just cut that out, Grinnelli.
Thank you.
Hey, Jamie Benn requested to be my
Instagram friend. That means he would probably come on the pod, right?
I've never really talked to him.
I hope so.
100.
He's a great guy, too.
A couple island boys.
I was hanging out with his brother a couple weekends ago before a wedding on the island.
His brother has turned, like, a pretty good career, huh?
I didn't even know, you know, when he was coming he was coming up how good he was going to be.
He's played for a pretty long time now.
Plays hard as a D-man.
Are you buddies with him?
I think he came out of the coast, too.
Those guys are  I respect the shit out of guys like you, Biz.
Biz, what's your stance on Ben's stance on Cunnilingus?
He said not to like  What's that? He doesn't go down on  you don't know what Cunnilingus. He said not to like...
He doesn't go down on...
You don't know what Cunnilingus is?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Jamie Ben
doesn't go down on...
Where did he say that?
I don't know if it was in a tweet or something.
I'll pull it up.
No way, dude.
He's a basketball player, bro.
No, he doesn't go down doesn't go down on
people have been milking the joke for fucking years
but I was wondering
that's not something you would
I don't agree with that
I mean we have different views
on that so I'm gonna
maybe we won't have him on the podcast
you're not a selfish person, Biz.
No one will ever say that about you.
Oh, look, I just found the headline on this website called Bastl Sports.
I'll go down on it.
I'll go down on Puss after we've spent a day at a music festival in a heap.
It's a Bastl headline from three years ago.
Apparently, Jamie Benn doesn't eat pussy and looks down on those who do.
From Barstool Nate from last year.
Really?
We want him to come on the podcast, guys.
Maybe that's why he didn't follow me because he knows I like to go down.
Downtown.
Hey.
Actually, I got the tweet right here.
He said to Jason Demers, do you like to bunch mocks instead of bunch?
Would you like to bunch mocks?
I feel like you're the kind of guy that would do that.
Maybe bunch mocks means something totally different, though.
Demers.
He hasn't shot it down.
Maybe we can get him on the podcast.
Oh, no, no.
So shut it down.
Maybe we can get him on the podcast and, you know, maybe.
Oh, no, no.
I believe he switched the B and the M just so he couldn't get in trouble by the team.
Exactly.
Right.
That's thinking.
Hey, Biz, does this time  so, like, this time of year,
I think back to when I was playing and all my friends are still playing.
You're excited for the year, but I always feel, you know, August 15th,
you just the anxiety starts setting in like, oh my God, camp.
Like, am I ready?
The season long.
Like, do you, do you not miss that?
Like, I don't miss it.
Buddy, I, that was the worst part of the summer for me
where I had to cram for the exam.
Cause like, I mean, I like to get after the summers, man.
So yeah, it's the best. Now all I do is do a podcast it's great it's oh my god i just think like now
you're skating you're skating four or five days a week you're really picking it up and you just
want testing day to be over the best day i'm pretty sure most teams do it i know the teams i
was on right from testing after you do, you know, weight, body fat,
all the bench press, whatever the tests are.
And you just, everyone goes to just crush burgers, have a beer.
It's like, oh my God, I can finally just play hockey now.
Yeah.
It's, yeah, it's just, I don't disagree with that.
I was a VO2 animal.
You know that, Biz? Were you? Animal. I was a VO2 animal. You know that, Biz?
Were you?
Animal.
What's a VO2 animal?
I was like Lance Armstrong.
What's that mean, Wits, to the listeners who don't know?
So a VO2 is a test.
I'll probably butcher this.
I'm pretty sure it's a test.
It basically checks, like, how your wind,
like how long can you be out there for and not get tired.
Can you describe it better than me because I'm a mutant?
Yeah, it basically  it's a test that the teams use in order to calculate
how many beers and vodkas you had over the summertime.
So that wasn't really my strong suit.
I was more of like a chin-up kind of guy.
Hey, Duncan Keith
I'm a box muncher. I heard Duncan Keith did have a VO2 number
that was actually like Lance Armstrong's,
which probably explains why he could just play like that.
Hey, you know who's a freak?
It's Brett Burns, apparently.
He, like, testing-wise, he's...
Yeah, well, yeah, I guess so, yeah.
Dude, Bork was a man.
Oh, boys, one thing that we haven't touched on yet is there's been a couple
signings recently.
Yep, yep.
Fill us in.
Fill us in.
Who we got?
Actually, first, before we get to the signings, Biz, we forget to mention,
we got Tyson Jost and Blake Kumo coming on the show a little later.
So we got those guys lined up.
As for the signings, let's see, we mentioned Brady Kachuk already.
Ryan Ellis signed a six-year, 50 million deal with National.
What a bargain.
Nice bargain for them.
Nice deal for him as well.
And Dylan Larkin, D-Boss, signed a five-year, 30.5 million deal in Detroit.
And with Zetterberg, iffy about coming back.
Lots of chatter about him potentially being the next captain in Detroit.
So those are the big signings since that last show.
What's your take on it, Wits?
Ryan Ellis, what a deal.
I mean, you got to think if he's on the open market, he's getting paid.
What a player he is.
It's funny.
He dominated and really came on the scene, at least for me, world juniors.
I remember seeing him two, it felt like three years,
two years in a row for Team Canada, just dominate, run the power play,
had a can.
And I remember Taylor Hall, I asked about him.
I said, is that guy that good?
Like, he's really undersized.
Like, I didn't  I mean, is he just a power play specialist?
And Halsey had played in Windsor with him and said, no, this kid's unreal.
His shot's insane.
He's quick. He wins insane. He's quick.
He wins battles.
He's smart.
And, I mean, there was times  I thought when the Predators went to the cup finals, I think he was like their best player.
He was insane.
And then it sucked that he missed a lot of the year last year with injury,
came back and was still a beast after missing, you know, a lot of time,
which is hard to do.
So that's a huge deal.
And Dylan Larkin is 21 still, I think, or maybe 22 now.
So good season last year.
I mean, I think around 62 games, around 45 points,
somewhere in that ratio.
I don't know exactly.
But I think they're both signings that make sense.
I just think Nashville got a great deal on Ellis.
They probably had to give him that extra term in order to get him
at such a good bargain.
Another state that doesn't have state tax, so that probably factors in a little bit as well.
And they keep that big four together.
And anytime you have a back end like that, and obviously the goaltender they do,
I mean, they could have a bunch of second, third liners,
and they could potentially get the job done as far as the Stanley Cup.
So they stay relevant, and they're going to be strong moving forward.
Ellis put up 101 points when he played in Windsor one season.
He got 100 points in the O?
He got, in 2010-2011, in 58 games, he had 24 goals and 77 assists for 101 points.
100 points as a D-man, and it's not the Quebec League.
Holy shit.
Yeah, I mean, he had a coming-out party, like you said,
with the cup run last year.
And, you know, on a defense with Subban and Yossi,
to be able to even stand out on his own, he did that pretty well.
So he's definitely a great sign for them.
And Dylan Locke, and, yeah, basically, I mean, it looks like he's in line,
I guess, to be the next captain.
I mean, you were away with Zetterberg, right?
I mean, I know.
Legend!
Were there any indications from, you know, talking to him
or just any vibe that, okay, he might not be back this year?
Not really.
Chatted with him a little bit, and he had talked about um you know his back
i'd been bugging him you know doing certain things i don't know i think it's just hard for him to
to even know i mean well you know maybe he's tried skating maybe he hasn't maybe he'll try at camp but
i wouldn't really know yeah well i mean we were you know busy into other things
yeah i like the night i party with him, the cons might trophy me.
I got dummied by Chelios'
buddy, God.
What else you got going on, Biz?
So you're just outside Seattle
now. When will you hit Phoenix?
Tomorrow night.
Sorry about the audio quality to
all of our listeners,
but, you know, I had to go down there.
I got to get ready for a big season.
I don't know if you guys know,
but I work for an NHL team,
so I had a three-year extension with their Phoenix,
or sorry, Arizona Coyotes. So, really not a big deal there.
But, boys, I'm amped up
for another season of NHL hockey.
And we're going to be going back to two episodes, boys.
So that's big.
Hey, I should tell the story, too.
One of the stories I told for my brother's speech at my brother's wedding,
my one brother told a story about you know the the kid getting married the youngest he
took my other brother's id and then got it taken idiot right well with me i was like i have an id
story too sean was using my id when i was on the penguins and he's in town we're in the cup finals
this moron tries going to a bar on carson street which is just the best place to party in
pittsburgh he's walking into a bar with penguins flags flying everywhere and gives the bouncer my
id ryan whitney the guy looks at him he's like dude shouldn't you be getting dressed for the
game right now it starts in an hour and he's like oh i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm sorry he's like i'm his brother he's like
well why didn't you just tell me that go on in have a beer like he's so fucking dumb but
wait was the bouncer genuinely confused that that he thought it was you yeah it's like he
looks at it he's like ryan the guy was a penguins fan ryan whitney and it's like he looks at it. He's like, Ryan, the guy who's a Penguins fan, Ryan Whitney. It's like, one, this isn't you.
The guy on this ID is way better looking than you.
And two, you have a game in an hour.
What are you trying to like  do you not know this guy's in the cup finals?
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal.
All right, well, we're going to
I'm sorry
no go ahead
throw it to the interviews
you talked with both Tyson Joe Stan Blake
Como
both of Vancouver did you talk to these guys
how did those interviews go down
well we went to
Kelowna
we took a little road trip
we went and interviewed a bunch of guys in Kelowna
Joe has some fucking bugger took a little road trip, and we went and interviewed a bunch of guys in Kelowna.
Joe's a handsome fucking bugger.
He's a young up-and-comer.
You know what we should actually do?
We should have a man rock at top 10. We should make brackets.
Good idea.
That's a great idea.
We'll be doing that.
And then Blake Como, another guy who salvaged a very, very healthy career.
There was a point in time where he was planning on maybe heading over to Europe.
He ended up taking a one-year deal with the Penguins.
And that means, I mean, anytime you play with Sidney Crosby,
it'll revive your career and your bank account.
Whitney knows that.
And he's had a couple healthy three-year deals back to back,
one with Colorado, and now he just signed another three-year with Dallas. So we're going to pass it
over to them right now and enjoy the interview. Hey, boys. Actually, before we get to this
interview, I need to tell you, I tried this 200 milligram CBD balm from Herbal Active that my
buddy gave me over two weeks ago now. And it was amazing. It completely
took away all the pain that I have in my elbow because I have a nasty injury called tennis elbow.
Don't call me weak. But I know how many people and players are actually living with everyday pain.
It sucks for me. And how Herbal Active products can help with injury recovery and everyday use,
not just players, but elderly and pets too, if you want to put on your dog. So if you're wondering what else it might help with,
here's what I found. Inflammation, muscle pains, and strains, bug bites, burns, neuropathy,
reduces bruising and swelling, chronic aches and pains. They have a 200 milligram,
they call the strong balm and a hundred milligram regular balm. This company has so many other
products that can help with everyday life. The mints are great for stress and anxiety,
migraines and headaches.
And remember, they even have a whole line of products
for your pets.
Not kidding about that.
The big deal in how herbal is different
from others in industry,
all of their products are zero THC,
99.5 pure CBD, safe and effective,
non-addictive, non-GMO, gluten-free and soy-free. Again,
they have zero THC. And on top of all that, it's legal in all 50 states and they ship worldwide,
including Canada. Blame Canada. At the end of the day, Herbal Active has a product that can
work for anyone in your family. Go check out the website at herbalactive.com. Facebook page and Instagram. It's Herbal Active with no E. That's U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.
They have a special offer just for Spittin' Chicklets listeners. Get 20 off. Check out
now at herbalactive.com. At checkout, use the promo code biz20. Thanks for not making it wet.
Those of you listeners in the Phoenix area, look them up. They're local and have a store you can
go to and pick up products. And don't forget to use the code, and you may see biz.
Welcome back to another double edition of interviews here with Blake Como,
who recently signed in Dallas.
Congratulations on that deal, by the way.
Yeah, thank you.
I'm excited.
It should be a fun time.
And a young punk up-and-comer, Tyson Yost.
Jost.
Oh, it's Jost?
Come on.
Really?
I thought it was a silent Y.
Jost most?
I played with you for a year, and I never knew that.
Oh, I get that all the time.
But who cares?
He's like, have you even played a full year yet?
You don't deserve any respect.
I was injured a little bit, but I got a full year.
We're going to ask you, like, three questions.
You're just here to put the name on top.
I'll just laugh and make it sound like you guys are funny. If need some water or something we'll have to go get it uh but yeah uh
first off let's talk about last season what what a fucking year for the colorado avalanche yeah it
was a huge turnaround uh well i was there two years ago when it was a pretty big disaster josey
came near the end of the season and grinded out nine games or whatever it was but um big turnover this year a
lot of new faces and um obviously mckinnon had an outstanding year for us we had a lot of different
guys step up so it was a huge step for forever to make playoffs and uh kind of bounce back i'm
talking about mckinnon is it crazy how good of a year he had and he doesn't get any hardware at
the nhl awards yeah it's tough um i think i, me and Colmes are a little bit biased here,
but I think you should have won the heart.
I think that's fair to say, but obviously Halsey had a great year too.
But, I mean, watching that guy, you kind of caught yourself on the bench
sometimes going, holy crap, this guy's unbelievable.
It's insane some of the stuff he does.
His motor's nuts.
Yeah, he plays in the hard areas.
He's got a fiery side to him.
Oh, he fought when we played.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
Who got ran?
Somebody got smoked.
Gerard got sucker punched out of nowhere.
I don't think we should go there.
That's a little touchy.
I was arguing online for about four days about that one.
But, no, but he definitely has that fiery side.
And, I mean, there's got to be more things to it, though.
I mean, collectively as a group, you guys were just, you know, on a run.
Yeah, we had really good special teams this year.
Our power play was clicking really well.
Our penalty kill was great.
Varlamov got hurt for a little bit, and Bernier was outstanding.
He stepped up and played some big minutes and some big games for us.
Yeah, it was just a big turnover.
We had a lot of new faces, a lot of youthful energy,
which I think helped out a lot.
A couple more young guys that some of us older guys
were able to abuse a little bit.
Oh, yeah.
How many games, Tyson, did you play the year before?
I think I got an eight right around there.
So I signed right after UND and came up.
Was it a little odd or was it just in a different place because it was towards the end of the year so guys were seeing a little
light at the end of the tunnel yeah i mean obviously they're in a tough position and
it was different like they were kind of uh i guess you guys could say you're a little bit out of it
i mean you're out of it since christmas so it was just mentally draining yeah yeah something like
yeah so i came in here and i was, holy smokes, this is NHL.
Is this what happens?
It can't be like this.
Yeah.
I remember calling my mom, and I was like, wow,
this is a lot different than I expected.
But, I mean, like I said, they're out since Christmas,
and they're in a tough spot.
And coming in the last year, it was unbelievable.
And we had a lot of young guys, so it was fun.
We got along well, and our team kind of gelled and had a lot of fun.
So it was an awesome year.
It's nice. Is it nice putting that young blood in the locker room all these young guys going out
and all you married guys get those stories in the locker room after fun nights out yeah well and i
feel old i was the second oldest guy on the team last year and i was 31 so it makes you feel older
than you actually are but no it was good we got a great group of young guys um it was a lot of fun
to be a part of
the group that we had and i think that was another big reason why we did well is we just had great
chemistry in the locker room great group of guys everyone got along and hung out yeah who's the
the clown in the locker room with the abs i mean tyson berry and mckinnon probably chirp at each
other quite a bit yeah it's like a love-hate relationship with those two they're one day
their best buddies holding hands in the rink and the next day they're yelling at each other so you don't really know what you're
good you're gonna get out of them barry barry's always cracking jokes and yeah whatever he's
usually chirping himself to you he kind of have to when you have a ball like he does and all that
stuff but it's amazing how he gets it done yeah it's unbelievable he had a great year too so
kudos to him but yeah he's a pretty good guy eric johnson he's another clown yeah he's always he can
give it but he can't take it you know you give it to him a little bit back and i know how to
handle it hey here's a here's a weird story so i get a text from tyson berry about johnson and he
goes hey johnson's wondering if he can uh name his horse biz nasty because he because he loves
horse racing and he bought a horse so he named his his horse biz nasty and it's actually going
to run in its first race coming up here in the next couple weeks.
Yeah, that's awesome.
Did he ever tell you about that?
I think he did mention it.
I'm always  he actually kind of got me into the horse track a little bit the last couple years.
That's why you needed that big ticket this year.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, with a guy like that, I need to counteract some of the losses.
We went to a couple tracks this year.
Yeah.
Florida.
I think we went to one.
Florida won. He set everything up, so it was awesome. So he's had a couple tracks this year. Yeah. Florida. I think we went to one, yeah.
Florida won.
He set everything up, so it was awesome.
So he's had a couple horse races. How do you learn about that side of betting?
Like, is there any method to the madness,
or you just kind of like the name and pick?
It's that.
That's how it was at the start for me.
Or sometimes I'd just be like, EJ, what'd you do?
All right, go buy me the same ticket,
because he's pretty knowledgeable.
He's tapping into some of the trainers that he knows and stuff like that.
But, man, it's complicated.
I didn't realize how many different bets and all that kind of stuff is going on.
I was picking off the cool names, and I was just getting absolutely rinsed for the first half.
And then I started asking my co-homes and EJ what they were doing and slowly started to turn around.
But it was a mess at the start there.
Brent Seabrook was on the podcast
a couple days ago and he uh he mentioned that one game they were waiting for Quinville to come in
because apparently he's a big horse betting guy and I don't know if it was a playoff game but
they're waiting for him to come in because you know coaches come in same time all the time guys
are trying to prepare and get ready and he was late coming out of the coach's room and all of a
sudden there was chaos in there and then he like came out and he you know he spit out his pre-game talk and you
could tell he was flustered and all the older guys are looking at the video guy like what the
fuck is going on in there and apparently he won a super trifecta no with like a very cheap bet
he was like 50 cents a dollar but he ended up winning a substantial amount of money yeah
superfect i think that's where you got to pick for the top four top four in a dollar, but he ended up winning a substantial amount of money. Yeah. Super effective. I think that's where you've got to pick the top four.
Top four in a row.
But yeah, EJ's on a whole new level.
We were riding on the bus after we landed, and look, I sit right behind him,
and he'll be playing like a little horse video game on his phone.
Where he's like, you know, so I'll film him and catch him,
and he'll get past and tell me to beat it.
Or he's got TVG, which is the horse channel in the locker room.
So, you know, EJ's around.
If you walk in, you see them warming up and talking about horses and all that.
So, yeah, he's definitely into it.
Trying to do a dynamic warm-up and you're watching these horses trot around a racetrack.
It's 8 in the morning.
You just had a back-to-back and you're trying to warm up
and you've got to watch these horses rip around a track.
The coach last year
bed bedner yeah yeah that's it yeah i've already fucked up one name on this podcast uh i mean big
big year for him you know he's a young coach too i actually played against him when they won the
calder cup when he was in lake eerie he seems like he just lets the guys play uh you know very calm
i never really see him lose his cool yeah he, I would consider him a player's coach.
Door-open kind of policy, respectful guy.
I think it was a tough situation two years ago being a first-year coach.
I mean, nobody would really know how to handle a situation like that,
but this year he was great.
I think all the guys loved playing for him.
I think they had  well, you guys had the worst start
for the first half of the season in the cap era the year before.
Just like, I mean, to go from that to what you guys did this year
is probably some relief too.
Oh, 100.
I think maybe he would be able to coach a little bit more loose,
just like the guys would be able to play a little bit more loose
when things are going better.
So, yeah, that's my experience.
Yeah, I loved him.
He was great with us young guys. And, like, obviously it's tough coming to the league you don't really know what to expect
and you gotta kind of figure out the defensive side of things and that gets tough and um yeah
he was great for us he always kind of brought us in and helped us through things so he's awesome
what was the talk coming into last year was there something in training camp where he kind of just
sat everyone down i was like listen last year was a fucking gong show like we need to collectively
as a group like was there that kind of talk or was it just you know everyone came in and it was
it was a clean slate well we had no expectations like i mean nobody outside was going to be like
oh they have lunch you're going to be good this year or they have lunch you're going to be make
the playoffs nobody was saying that so um i mean we were kind of going in with it like we got to
prove everyone wrong prove someone everyone that we have special talent in here and i think that's
one thing that we kind of talked about at the start was let's just prove everyone wrong
and kind of show them that we are a good team, that last year was behind us and we're moving forward.
Just like an attitude change, I think two years ago, it's easy to get on each other's case
and kind of just have that losing feeling go through the locker room.
So we wanted to have a fresh start.
We knew that we had a lot of new faces.
I think the older guys tried to take it upon themselves to try to make sure that we were having a good mindset
and the right mindset from the start of the year.
And it seemed like things started to go well.
And I think as the year went on, we just grew confidence as a team.
Yeah, you can see that, yeah.
Going back to the start of your career, you played in Kelowna.
Were you drafted by the Islanders?
Yeah, I was drafted by the Islanders, and that's where I got my start.
I think I was there for five or six years and then started bouncing around a little bit.
I heard this from someone else.
Before you signed with Pittsburgh, you were contemplating potentially going to Europe that year,
and then one year in Pitt, and, I mean, man, you've pretty much rejuvenated your career.
You've made a substantial amount of money after leaving Pittsburgh. Yeah yeah I went through a little bit of a rough patch there I got put on
waivers with the Islanders and then I was a year in Calgary and a year in Columbus and there wasn't
a whole lot on the table that summer so I was still young I was kind of considering my options
and we ended up playing Pittsburgh that year in the playoffs we lost out the first round and
they gave me an offer.
I went there one year, had a pretty good preseason, a good start.
I was lucky enough to play on Malkin's line for the year,
and like you said, I kind of rejuvenated my career a little bit
and definitely helped the path to being able to stay in the league a little longer.
Yeah, being around that type of luck.
And then out of that, you end up getting a three-year deal in Colorado.
Yeah, three-year in Colorado. played uh my last year this past season and this summer I signed another three-year in Dallas so uh might not have been the prettiest career so far but uh
been able to grind my way this will be my my 12th year so um man you played 720 games yeah that's I
mean and now you got a three-year deal there's a strong chance you could potentially get to a thousand yeah which I would have never guessed looking back at where where I
was that summer before Pittsburgh so um yeah it feels good to be where I'm at uh as far as off
ice habits you seem like you're in pretty good shape is that uh yeah I do you've always done
a lot of road bike and I've got into the last couple years which I love I can't stand just
being on a stationary bike indoor and um i've had the
same trainer for the last 10 years i trained with uh shea weber and josh george is in a group so we
all kind of push each other um you know as i've gotten older you kind of realize you got to take
care of your body a little bit because it's such a young league now so and all these young guys got
power skating coaches yeah skill coaches everything what do you got what's tyson got
he's got a blood doping coach years old easy now you know no mckinnon's whipping me into shape this
summer he's got me on the andy o'brien program and i work out with the shem brothers uh here
in colona so okay there's probably a lot of listeners who don't know who andy o'brien is
but he's one of the revolutionary hockey trainers i would put him in that matt nickel category what are the different types of things that he does that that they didn't do in conventional
hockey training I remember last year when I was with my old trainer I was just lifting really
heavy and doing back squats and and all that stuff and I came into camp you know I was an
absolute unit I was probably like 195 511 just looked great on the beach couldn't move yeah but uh this year it's just a lot of lighter lifting and
mobility stuff and a lot of band work all that all that stuff so i loved it so
far it's been awesome i'm really happy i made the switch i keep hearing about
these andy o'brien warm-ups they last about an hour just hip mobility then
you're doing a lot of sprinting and directional stuff yeah it's
pretty crazy i mean bringing out a little foot injury to start the year but uh the off season you're here so me and
luke were doing all these dynamic warm-ups and we come back into the gym and just be rinsed just
sweating we're like holy smokes it's already an hour and a half and we aren't even finished
warm-up so yeah it's it's good though it gets your hips going and stuff like that you want to
take care of the blood so and and eddie o'brien is sydney crosby's trainer for those who are listening and don't know and that's kind of how
he i wouldn't say how he got his name but how he became a famous hockey trainer now everyone takes
him serious very seriously of course because sid's off ice is is insane have you guys ever had the
chance to train with him uh well and i was with him uh in pit he was always in the gym after games
after practices.
You could see that he really took his training and his body serious,
and I think that's why he's one of the best players in the world.
I think when he's been working with Andy and they see what kind of work that he's done,
I think it's word of mouth.
Andy's got such a great reputation now.
I know Luke and Braden just started it the last couple of years.
He started it this year, and I've heard nothing but good things about it.
Yeah, McKinnon did it, so he kind of said you should try this.
It's kind of funny.
You'll be in the gym, and you'll have bands wrapped around your head
for your posture and around your arms,
and there's people looking at you like,
what's this guy doing over here?
He plays in the NHL.
This is what you've got to do to make the NHL.
It's pretty funny.
Well, that's right, because Andy usually gives you the program,
and then you guys go do it on your own.
So are you doing this type of stuff in like a regular gym or is it mostly athletes
in the gym it's a little bit of a it's a mix i mean you got mostly athletes but there's a couple
of randoms that are in there some of the older people and it's a couple people a couple soccer
moms yeah yeah and then you guys got a pretty good setup though you got the indoor turf and
all the soccer yeah it's awesome it's i mean you kind of hear, like, oh, you're at a public gym.
It's whatever.
That can't be good.
But it's been awesome so far.
But it's funny, like, watching some of the older guys come over saying,
what the hell are you guys doing?
Like, you can't tell me this is making you happy this season.
If I could go back, I wish I would have known about all this conventional stuff
instead of lifting heavy because my body fell apart because of it.
Tyce, I wanted Grinelli.
He's our college hockey expert.
So he was going to ask you a few questions about your come up.
You weren't there long, but what was it like playing home games at the Ralph?
I mean, that place is bananas, right?
And that's North Dakota, correct?
Yeah, North Dakota.
Yeah, it's that University of North Dakota.
I was only there for a year, but it's unbelievable.
I mean, it's hard to even explain.
I can say it's like an NHL game, but it's not because it's more electric.
Like you got the fans and the student section doing all these chants.
Quick jab at the NHL.
And I mean, I remember being on the bench and I'd look out into the student section sometimes if you're at whatever, an intermittent TV timeout or whatever.
And see students getting carried out of the rink by security and like passed out and people are puking and it's just electric.
He's obviously never been to a Kelowna Rockets playoff game.
Yeah, you get 12,000 fans, though.
I mean, it's unbelievable.
Don't they have gold seats or something, or marble floors?
Yeah, all the seats are leather.
No, that's the helmet for the leading scorer, isn't it?
It's in Europe.
Oh, I thought that was no doubt.
No, but yeah, you got leather seats throughout every single seat,
and then throughout the floors and stuff like that, it's all marble.
And then in between, what is it, the second and third period,
they do that, like, they do, like, crazy, like, light show,
like, Tiesto concert, basically.
Each intermission, they have a light show,
and you get the cheerleaders that come out on the ice,
and they're doing all their dances and stuff like that.
Everyone's drinking Molly water in the crowd.
Just getting fucking really...
Nothing better to do than drink and watch hockey.
You guys got to be rock stars up there, right?
What else is there in North Dakota?
Why do you think he's so cocky?
Look at the guy.
I'm not cocky at all here.
No, yeah, they love their hockey there.
It's fun when you're walking around campus and stuff like that.
Everybody kind of knows you're on the hockey team.
That's something that's kind of cool.
Is that because you wear your varsity jacket?
Yeah, I got the UND logo right on there.
UND hockey player number 17.
He wore it all year this year in Denver, too.
Just couldn't cut the cord.
Yeah, no, it was fun.
It was a lot of fun.
That's kind of the thing that you don't really get here in Canada
with the university and stuff like that.
Being in an American school and kind of see their school spirit
and stuff like that, it was pretty fun to be a part of puke i hate i hate listening to
college hockey guys talk about college right como it's like a battle in the locker rooms
between college you've done well at college though no oh you would have ripped it up yeah
you would have loved it i would have never made pro hockey if i went to college i actually i
didn't drink for a while i really didn't start drinking until i was like 20
years old maybe maybe 19 was probably the age prom was the first time i'd been drunk at 18 which
people are like oh well that's not even the legal limit yet but i mean most hockey guys are probably
crushing when they're you know 14 15 especially if you're a western yeah western leaguer it's like 12
okay saskatchewan boys, for sure. Maybe 10.
Gritty, just in the trenches.
Yeah.
Where are you from originally, Blake?
I grew up in Meadowlake, Saskatchewan.
So it's about three hours north of Saskatoon,
and I was there from four to 15 years old.
Played one year midget in Saskatoon,
and then I came out to Kelowna.
Yeah, you played with Kelowna for, well,
technically five seasons,
but it was at the end of one year.
Yeah, yeah yeah I think I
played five games up when I was 15 and I played four years here so so you never played as an
overager no you ever win a member cup yeah we won one and we uh we went to two so we uh yeah I had
a lot of really good players that I got to play take a look at the back of his cap he'll say he'll
say right on there nice like memorial cap tattoos when I was like 17. Looks like my daughter drew it with her crayons.
Hey, man.
You know?
I don't mind that.
That's kind of like the junior thing.
They used to get them on the Cavs.
Yeah.
I think Mark Reckie got a couple Stanley Cup ones on his, well, because he won one with
Carolina, correct?
Yeah.
But going back to junior, you played with Randall Gelich?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Yeah, he's a legend within our group of friends.
This guy's got a huge wrench.
We talk about wrenches a lot on this show,
and this guy's got a dinosaur cock.
Yeah, one of my favorite stories of him was he bought this car.
I don't know how he got the money,
but he got this car for like 500,
was driving it around for a couple weeks,
and then he had no money to go out one week and party with us.
So he ended up selling the car back to the guy for 200 bucks,
so he could come out to the bar with us one night.
Right, El Gallo did that?
Oh, man.
He was a treat.
You guys had quite a few pro guys on that team.
Cam Paddock was there?
Yeah, he played a few games in the NHL.
I was with Weber, Georges, Alex Edler with the Canucks.
Oh, wow.
Luke Shen was 16 when I was 19.
Yeah, so we had a lot of really good players.
You guys were stacked.
You guys went on a run a couple years there.
Blake, I want to talk to you or ask you, what was the best place you played at?
I mean, I know you bounced around a bit.
That's not a dig at you.
Yeah.
You spent a long time in Long Island.
But what was your finest city?
I think it was Denver.
I just love the city.
Great spot.
I got a young family, so it's super family-oriented.
You got the mountains super close that a lot of guys go up to
for Christmas break or All-Star break.
Yeah, you're kind of like meet the Duggars.
You've got three kids and one on the way?
Yeah, I've got two and then one on the way.
So three is not quite that.
Four might be able to call me the Duggars.
So I was trying to, yeah, maybe more Phillip Rivers style.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Well, he's at like eight or nine, so I still got a ways to go to match that.
Yeah, but no, it was awesome.
I loved it there.
You just kind
of associate denver as being like snowy cold in the mountains but it's complete opposite super
mild winters sunny every day so yeah we loved it i think if i had to pick uh a city to live in the
united states uh denver would probably be in my top five yeah for sure mine the music scene there
is great they got some some fun bars yeah and uh believe, this is a little fun fact, it has the most sunny days per year in all of North America.
Yeah, I've heard that.
Calgary's up there too.
Yeah, but I think Denver has it.
But Denver's there.
So, yeah, maybe get some kickback from Denver tourism.
Yeah.
Anything else you guys want to talk about?
I know it's probably sad to see him go.
He's taken off to Dallas.
Yeah, it is tough.
I mean, obviously, Combs is a great part of our team.
He's one of those locker room guys that's fun to have around,
and he's always chirping us young guys.
Like you said, he's a little bit older.
You didn't really realize that.
That's old now.
If you're over 30 in the National Hockey League, you're a bum.
You're getting bought out 100.
You're toast.
I mean, you know, too, when we first came in,
it was like maybe three, four guys under the age of 30 on the team.
Like I had tons of guys over 35 that I played with,
and now it's the complete opposite.
You know, it's crazy.
It's hard to rile them in a little bit,
especially when you get a bunch of young guys,
and then they kind of like take over the room, where you're going to be like,
whoa, whoa, whoa, pipe down here.
Yeah, I had to dial Joste back a little bit,
rolling in with his varsity jacket on, thinking he was the man.
Do these guys talk about that fortnight?
Are you a big game?
I got into it a little bit this year, actually.
Yeah, for probably two months, mostly after games.
I can't fall asleep after games.
I'm up all night.
So there was like
six or seven of us he was in a little crew and i hopped on board i haven't played in a while but
i kind of passed the time after games all that indica marijuana in denver kind of helped out
but you guys are clean cut i know that i'll leave that to me uh anything you're looking forward to
going in next season no obviously exciting and i think now that we have a little bit of expectations behind us.
So I know talking to everyone, it's really exciting right now.
We want to get back there.
And obviously playoffs now is the goal.
Or I guess you could say we kind of failed.
So I know everybody's excited to get back.
And we were just all at a wedding, Lannis Coggs wedding.
And a bunch of the guys came.
And I showed you the video of me dancing around.
But yeah, it's awesome. It just shows how tight our team is is i don't know how many guys we had but a lot of guys
showed up and i could only imagine the bridesmaids at a swedish wedding and uh were there some
beautiful blonde hair blue eye women blonde hair blue eyes looked exactly like landy the good
looking fella he is and you're cutting with a couple yeah i was you told me he
met his future ex-wife there what was well i mean when you were ripping it up on the dance floor
like i was i was just calm i think you can agree i was mvp of the day i was impressed you were in
your you're in your element in your own world what i was most impressed about how original the moves
were you weren't stealing them from while we go back to fortnight they got the those the l dance and those other dances but all originally all in the hips the andy o'brien
special that's what that was andy o'brien man dancing with the stars it was like your dynamic
where i'm on the dance floor brunelli probably has another college question no it's not college
what usually likes to ask uh you know who is the toughest guy that you guys have played against?
Toughest?
Like maybe the defenseman, you're like, fuck, man,
I've got to go against this guy tonight.
Just hate every game that you just hate to go against.
Honestly, I hate playing against Joel Edmondson.
I think he's the most I've ever played against.
He's a scumbag, cross-checks.
But then he's a great guy off the ice. Unreal guy.
And probably Brooks Orpik is probably my most.
I don't know.
I try to take a run at him when I can.
But just only because he plays so hard.
You know, a lot of stick work in front of the net.
He hits like a truck.
And I feel like those older guys get away with so much
because they're all playing tummy sticks with the ref.
Or the refs, yeah, exactly.
And the ref's like, hey, man,
you can't be cross-checking that guy in the face like that.
And he's like, all right, man, I won't be cross-checking that guy in the face like that.
And he's like, all right, man, I won't do it next time.
Yeah, it's just like the other guy's like, are you fucking kidding me?
He's got four teeth.
He's bleeding.
I'd probably say Ryan Reeves.
My first game was against St. Louis.
And I remember I was just a little 19-year-old, 5'11", all small.
And I was matched up against his line, and he kept running me.
And I was just shaking and shaking in my boots. And you're like, like i'm gonna do absolutely nothing other than talk about it on that podcast in two years i will
say josey doesn't bail out of every very many hits i haven't seen any get lit up more in a season than
this kid does but he gets up and keeps going what about you what's the toughest uh defenseman you've
ever faced um i'd probably say brooks harvard too i remember playing him
against washington and like you said i got so many whacks in the back of the legs and
same with setter too actually off uh the wild there he was whacking me in the back of the
late or he's yeah yeah hey see not so fucking easy is it i'm all for one there yeah there we go
not so yeah no suitor got me a couple times, and I'm not going to do anything.
I heard he's a grumpy guy.
Yeah, he was all pissed off at me.
I'm chilling in the slot, and he's just burying me in the back of the leg.
So I couldn't really do anything, though.
I'm not going to whack him back.
Anything else to talk about as far as Lannis Cog's wedding?
Did you get the invite, Como?
Yeah.
Yeah, I saw Josie on the D floor firsthand.
But it was awesome great wedding
um tons of people he's a handsome fella he must have a beautiful girl look like a supermodel
down the aisle they're pretty good looking couple for sure but he's an awesome guy he's got great
luck should we give him the man rocket title i think he's uh i think he's deserving of the
man rocket yeah i agree with that. All of his buddies, too.
A bunch of good-looking Swedes at the wedding.
Yeah.
He's like, how am I going to get laid when I'm dead?
Got all this competition.
Two o'clock scramble.
He wore his varsity jacket and pulled one out. I forgot the UND.
It wasn't working too well, though.
You ever heard of NODAC?
So I had to whip out the dance moves.
You ever heard of NODAC?
Well, boys, I want to thank you guys for stopping by.
I know you guys got busy schedules
and I wish nothing but the best moving
forward, especially with your new city
in Dallas. You guys are going to
have a good squad. Hopefully you guys can make it over the hump.
Yeah, I think we got some
good pieces there, so I'm excited to get out to
the city. I think everyone loves living there, so I'm
pumped. Another place that would
probably be in my top five.
I heard Dallas is bananas.
The city itself is crazy.
Just the nightlife and all that.
Yeah, but he's married.
He's got 10 kids, dude.
He's not going on nightlife.
He's going to Chuck E. Cheese.
He's playing Fortnite all night in his room.
Exactly.
That's me living on the edge.
And Tyson, good luck to you.
I know you guys have got some big shoes to fill without Como there,
but best of luck. Yeah, thank you. I'm excited for have got some big shoes to fill without Como there, but best of luck.
Yeah, thank you.
I'm excited for next year.
It should be a fun one.
That interview was brought to you by Oxford Road.
Has your company outgrown QuickBooks?
Are shared spreadsheets, manual processes,
and legacy systems costing you time and money?
Now is the time to move your business to the cloud.
Introducing NetSuite by Oracle,
the business management software that handles every aspect of your business in an easy. Introducing NetSuite by Oracle, the business management software
that handles every aspect of your business
in an easy-to-use cloud platform.
With NetSuite, you can save time, money,
and unneeded headaches by managing sales,
finance, and accounting,
orders, and HI instantly right from your desk
or even your phone.
Thousands of the best-known brands
and fastest-growing companies use NetSuite
to manage their business, and now it's available to you.
The power of the world's most popular cloud management system is more affordable than you think.
Right now, NetSuite is offering you valuable insights to overcome the obstacles that are holding you back for free.
Don't miss out on unleashing your business's full potential with this free guide, Crushing the Five Barriers to Growth.
You'll learn how to acquire new customers, increase profits, and finally get real visibility
into your cash flow. Get NetSuite's guide, Crushing the Five Barriers to Growth, when you go to
netsuite.com slash chicklets now. Download their free Crushing the Five Barriers to Growth Guide today at netsuite.com slash chicklets.
Again, that's netsuite.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Well, boys, it was great catching up with those guys.
I wish you guys could have joined me in Kelowna.
What a beautiful city.
But, you know, I had to take care of business on my own.
Hey, Wetz, just, you know, we've just been talking about having a man rocket bracket.
I think that's a great idea.
We should probably solicit some, you know, suggestions from the listeners, I would think, right?
I mean, you know, there might be some time.
Yeah, but let's be honest, in the end, we're deciding who are the men.
Absolutely, but there could be diamonds in the rough.
Like, for example, like a couple weeks ago,
I might not have thought Noah Hannafin,
but after we interviewed him over Brighton a couple weeks ago,
I think he's a certified man rocker.
He's too hot.
He's too hot.
And I told you he's got the tats.
We talked about the tats.
Yeah.
That brings you into a different bracket of women.
It's just he's a hot man.
I think that a part of it is kind of the role you
play too like if a guy's like a real real like seventh d i don't know it's more about the guys
that are hot and are players too i mean i just think a brock besser is he like a possible number
one uh you know i don't know in his bracket is he a number one seed? He could be.
Definitely.
To me, like a guy like Roman Yossi.
He's in.
He's a handsome fellow.
He's tall.
He's European, too.
So I feel like the Europeans, because they dress a little bit nicer,
they're going to have the advantage.
We should almost do it Ryder Cup style.
You think so? I mean, I don't know. It's an idea. You kind of sounded disappointed by it. What's Ryder Cup style. You think so?
I mean, I don't know.
It was an idea.
You kind of sounded disappointed by it.
Well, I don't even  what's Ryder Cup style?
How would we do that?
What do you mean?
Well, because, like, you have the Europeans and then the North Americans.
Like, they go head-to-head, you know?
I don't know.
That could get a little convoluted.
So, if North America would  actually, no, Sweden, Sweden. I don't know, dude.
Hank Lundquist, dude.
Maybe we could do USA versus the world.
Yeah, I don't mind that.
That Goldolbin shit, I think he's from Russia.
He's an undercover house, so tell him.
Are Russians on there?
I mean, there'll be a few
they'll get point deductions for bad haircuts
like a bowl cut and shit
and then the Abercrombie t-shirts
and the Gucci tracksuits
Ma this is my 7,000
pair of sweatpants
and this is an L.O.
book bag that was given to me by
some kid in the U.S. who gave it to the Goodwill.
Yeah, now let's go get some sushi with dog meat.
Hey, before we go any further, I need to talk to you guys about something.
Because when it comes to your health, brushing your fangs,
also known as your teeth, is one of the most important parts of your day,
and Quip knows that.
They've combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush, which if you don't have, you're a fool. Quip is the new electric toothbrush
that packs just the right amount of vibrations into a slimmer design at a fraction of the cost
of bulkier traditional electric brushes. And guiding pulses alert you when to switch sides,
which is always an issue for me. I think I always go one side too long till I got the Quip.
But Quip also comes up with a mount that suctions right to your mirror
and unsticks to use as a cover for hygiene travel anywhere,
whether it's going in your gym bag or your carry-on.
You're kind of a hard-o if you're brushing your teeth in the gym, though.
And because the thing that cleans your mouth should also be clean,
Quip's subscription plan refreshes your brush on a dentist-recommended schedule,
delivering new brush heads every three months for just 5,
including free shipping worldwide, worldwide, worldwide. Quip is backed by a network of over
10,000 dental professionals, including dentists, hygienists, and dental students.
Most toothbrushes don't get named one of Time Magazine's Best Inventions of the Years,
but Quip did. Find out for yourself why. Quip starts at just 25, and if you go to
getquip.com slash chicklets right now,
you'll get your first refill pack free.
I misread that.
So what will happen is you'll get your first refill pack free, no charge,
if you use the Chicklets code on getquip.com.
That's a first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets,
spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash chicklets.
Hey, do you know Brandon Yip at all?
Yes, I know Yipper, yeah.
Yipper's the best.
Good friend of mine.
He's playing for the team in China again in the KHL.
I think it's like Kunlun Red Star or something like that.
Red Star.
But they do training camp in Sochi.
He posted on his
Instagram the other day.
He went bungee jumping
in Sochi.
Oh my god.
Would you ever? I would never go bungee jumping.
A Russian bungee cord is
50-50.
That's fucking ballsy, man.
I've done it, but I would never do it.
The video is insane
yeah like the safety protocol
in Russia is like yeah it looks good to me
yeah man
I pulled on it with my left arm
it seemed pretty strong
Biz I did it
hey Lada
our boy Lada was the one who actually was recording
the video
oh yeah I did see that.
I thought that was in North America.
I went bungee jumping naked before.
Whoa.
Yeah, yeah.
Spring Break.
I think I'd rather go in Russia than have to be there watching you go naked.
I uncovered the old videotape when I was cleaning out my house,
and I watched it.
I was like, yeah, this is getting burned.
No one's ever going to see this again. Oh, man was like, yeah, this is, this is getting burned.
No one's ever going to see this again.
Oh man.
Oh,
we should post it to the checkups account.
You really should have posted that thing too.
Honestly, if you could like zoom out,
I mean,
it's not going to be very big little area.
It is have to zoom out.
But I think if you did that,
it would be a pretty viral video.
R.A.
With hair,
naked bungee jumping.
Yeah.
That could be your introduction to Instagram. R.A. with hair, naked bungee jumping. That could be your introduction to Instagram, R.A.
Definitely nothing flattering about it.
Anyways, any other shit on the Target boys for the weekend?
I've actually been bungee jumping, but they tied my foreskin to the top,
so I knew it wasn't going to rip, so I obviously didn't die.
Strong cock-like voice.
Oh, that's perfect. We can go out with that one. Okay, well, that's about it, boys. That's time to leave after that one.
Fizz, drive safe.
Yeah, get this.
Okay, boys, we'll see you soon.
See you.
Bye. Well, it started out
Down a dirty road
Started out
All alone
And the sun went down
As it crossed the hill
And the town lit up
The world got still
I'm learning to fly
But I ain't got wings
Coming down
