Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by DKMS.
Give yourself three minutes for swabbing.
When it comes to fighting, DKMS is committed to the thousands that are battling life-threatening blood disorders and cancers
by registering more bone marrow donors.
You can become a life-saving donor.
Text Barstool to 50555 for more info or go to DKMS.org to order your free swab kit. Swab your
cheeks and return the kit to DKMS to get on the bone marrow registry and see if you are a match.
So pick up your cell phone and text Barstool to 50555.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 104 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Let's say hello to the fellas. Go to Paul Bissonette. Biz nasty first tonight.
Ooh, me first?
Yeah, mix up a little bit.
Ooh, me first.
And there's our other fella, Ryan Whitney, our boy the wit dog.
How are you, fellas? It's been a while. It seems like it's been about two weeks, but it hasn't.
A lot has gone on since we last chatted. Well, you're living a fucking vacation. Yeah, I guess so. My's been a while. It seems like it's been about two weeks, but it hasn't. A lot has gone on since we last
chatted. Well, you live in a fucking vacation.
Yeah, I guess so. My life is a vacation.
Nice. Lucky you. And producer
Mikey Grinelli, who
had himself some fun last weekend
for a little gone away party.
He gets stuffed, stiff with a big fucking
tab trying to be a hot guy with a table.
What's up, Grinelli? What's going on?
How are you guys?
Yeah, fun weekend last weekend.
You know, it was my last weekend here in Boston.
So, you know, we went out to a club.
And, you know, I figured, obviously, being it's my last weekend,
it only makes sense that I buy the table.
Dickhead friends that I have.
And, you know, we had a night.
Well, I heard you beat Boston when they had their cup celebration.
Yeah, we got up there.
When are you moving?
It's funny though because I was actually talking to
I won't say who, but one of the
younger guys on the
Bruins who's been to
this club before and he's like, man,
you just don't realize it.
You just keep running up a higher bill
and higher bill. I didn't know how much bottles cost
and I was kind of talking down to him, making fun of him a little bit like come on man you got to know this
i'm making more on a paycheck than you are in a fucking year in a life financial advice
the bottle girl asked if we should switch to magnum bottles halfway through the night and i
said yeah here's a little here's a little fucking tip for you because i used to date a bottle service girl mistake um is you need to
have a buddy always who's always part of your entourage that's a bottle watcher because what
these girls do is they'll start pouring them out in the bucket a little bit and like the
the faster that alcohol goes the more their tips going to be because they got to bring another
bottle and then another bottle and Then all the fucking sparklers
come out. Their tits are perked up a little bit more.
Then you're hook, line, and sinker.
All my buddies
were bottle crushers, dude.
I didn't have...
Where the hell were my bottle washers?
Hey, and this has
been me before, Grinnelli,
probably not Witt because his fucking Max
and his card's up there, but I'm outside the
club fucking calling the credit card
saying, hey, I need a higher
limit right now. I'm begging you.
So one of my cards actually... Give it to me!
Don't embarrass me in front of this,
Carl. I had to go
through two cards. The first one declined.
She's like, sir, calm down. Don't do anything
to hurt yourself. We're going to give you another
2,500. Thank you.
Thank you.
Calling your parents Western Union.
By the way, you haven't paid your bill, your credit card bill, in like eight months.
So this is the last 2,500.
Grinnelli, for people who don't know, there was a video.
It almost looked staged.
Who was videoing you?
Did they know you were going to be crushed by the price?
And they just were like, we got to get this reaction? Yeah. So actually the kids at the table next to me were a few years
older than us and that they, uh, they were actually from the same hometown as me and they
go to, they go to this club all the time. So I think he knew when I saw the tab, cause I was,
I was kind of being a hard-o and, uh, he knew that when I saw the tab, I was going to be shocked.
And, uh, yeah, he, he posted it on his Instagram story and I saw it the next
morning. What was the
final damage? It was a little over 4k.
Holy fuck, dude.
Are you kidding me?
Hold on. Hold on. Hold on.
That's like fucking... Hold on.
You chime in. Hold on.
I just made that.
You motherfucker.
Hey, Grinnell, you want it?
Did you think about calling me?
I would have Venmo'd.
Well, no.
So I went to the bathroom.
I had a nice cry.
And while I was sitting in the stall crying my eyes out, I thought, you know what?
Now would be a great time to call Whitney.
But I'm thinking, you know, this one might get me fired.
Where are your dickhead buddies to chuck in some loot for that?
Yeah, what guy pays for his own going away party, bro?
And the worst was I sent out the Venmo request the next morning,
sent a text like, hey, man, can you at least throw me a couple hundred bucks?
I get no answer from half of them.
Last weekend in Boston.
Just absolute weasels.
Hey, this might be the final party.
That was more like their last supper. It's time to get some
new buddies. We're going to hang out with the big boys.
Grinnelli's going to be
selling Eagle Energy
ad reads and swipe-ups
for his own Instagram soon.
Hey, the good news being
New York City's not
that expensive.
No, it's very reasonable.
That four grand wouldn't have come in handy down there.
Oh, shit.
Grinnelli's been there six times already to pay all these different fees
to rent an apartment.
You have to pay the realtor, their side of the commission.
Does the one renting the apartment as well have to chip in a percentage
of what they're making?
I think they're hitting it from both ways. Oh yeah. Grinnelli had to pay how much extra just
to the realtor to get you the deal, the broker. It's like 50 of the year fee. So they rack it.
Yeah. They added up each month for the whole year. So 12 months time I rent and then they
take 15 of that. So to get in the door i had to pay
first month last month broker's fee and security deposit and the worst part about all this he's
living outside in a dumpster right by barstool headquarters legitimately a a door a box bigger
racket than fucking bottle service oh my god hey so when do you move dude uh so i'm in australia next week and when i get home
yeah whoa whoa whoa good night mate yeah i saw that text or that tweet when were you gonna tell
us that what's this whole i've told you guys multiple times in the group chat you guys don't
listen granelli i'm the one who listens to you oh yeah what a listener you are i'm a girl look
at these ears they're not just for show fuck i'm I'm in Australia next week, and then when I get home from Australia,
I'm off to New York.
What are you doing in Australia?
My little brother's studying abroad.
Oh.
So it's perfect.
Hey, another place that's going to be a cheap visit.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's going to be unbelievable.
Hey, another
All these girls that he's studying abroad with, it's going to be perfect.
No, I said another place that's cheap to visit.
Yeah, exactly.
Just remember, Grinnell, he's down in Australia.
What are you making from this podcast, dude?
He just blew it.
Is this guy cutting side deals?
Are you working rackets to screw us over?
The good thing is, the bad thing is we get paid quarterly.
So I took that entire quarterly check and spent it.
It's gone.
I gave it to you fucking piecemeal, right?
Ben Cronell, you're better off.
All right.
Speaking of quarterly checks,
people have been bitching about your breathing,
your nose breathing on here.
What have you been spending your money on?
I could use a toot right about now. I could sell
a Pepsi instead. Where have people been
chirping them?
On Twitter.
Now I'm on
the gram bro.
That's going to be talked about next.
Apparently
someone has a nose whistle.
People hear it. Grinnelly doesn't hear it.
No one else hears it. A nose whistle on the microphone, and a couple of listeners,
not many, have picked it up, and I get accused of it just simply because,
I don't know, I'm the lesser of three.
Sorry, boys.
That was my phone.
There's a flash flood warning in Arizona.
I haven't seen a cloud in the sky today.
I don't know where the fuck this rain is coming from.
Panty soup warning?
Yeah.
So loud.
Oh, never mind.
It's a snow warning.
It's for fucking R.A.'s drug dealer.
Hey, that's the warning that biz is going out tonight in Scottsdale.
It just goes off in everyone's phone within 20 miles.
Hey, I have those.
When I got to town, I rented those lights that, like, flash in the sky
so the girls just know where to come.
Will you be my mother?
Yeah, boys, let's talk about R.A. joining the fucking Graham.
Yeah, my question being, you got it.
And like quickly, I think I saw it right away.
You put up the weirdest story.
You were like, what was that?
Did anyone else see that?
I'm like a screen.
And is that a movie hashtag
ask a millennial yeah what is the island of dr moreau listen i i think that instagram for ura
is going to be a great spot because you're going to find that little cult following that are just
a big a weirdo as you are and people love it people have been very positive about it there's
been a few guys like oh teach, teach this guy to use Instagram.
I'm like, man, this guy's a different bird.
He adds a different element.
We're not all the same type of people.
We're not all fucking gazillionaires like wit.
Are you confused on there?
There's a few things I haven't figured out yet,
but I just won't try to do them.
It took me a little bit to figure out the story.
I'm starting to get the hang of that.
But I kind of, you know, who's kind of feed like I kind of follow is like zidano charo like his are like very informative they're
like kind of like the kind of educational they teach you and so like that's what i kind of do
like i'll just go through pitches i have like the rowan stones thing i had i went to that exhibit
last year i had a bunch of cool pitches like actual like letters that people wrote complaining
about the stones 40 years ago like you know it's like a history lesson you can pass i just followed
you if people don't like it,
they don't like it.
If they do fucking great.
But well,
all right.
All right.
Most people,
including myself,
like we're posting mostly bullshit.
Like if you're going to get into that kind of stuff,
there's going to be people who really like that.
It's very informative and insightful.
And Hey man,
you get to show off your personality through a different outlet.
Yeah.
It's fun. And dude, how about this? No, no, no shitting and insightful. And, hey, man, you get to show off your personality through a different outlet. Yeah, it's fun.
And, dude, how about this?
No bullshit.
Without us shitting on you.
Hey, how many DM slides you gotten from chicks?
Dude.
Any action?
How about this?
I woke up.
I got a DM slide today.
No bullshit.
Hey, RA, kind of bizarre, but my girlfriend just moved into a place in Southie on Blank Street,
and we just got a FedEx with your name on it.
You got a new address.
You got a new address I can ship, I can, she got a new address. I can ship it to, cause you know, I moved.
Well, the dudes who, this dude's girlfriend moved into the place.
I just left and a FedEx package showed up.
And this guy happened to follow me on Instagram.
Yeah.
Cops are going to show up for that.
Yeah.
Dog sniffing police dog.
That's half my quarterly payment from barstool.
My Butch Hobson getting fucking snappers through the roof.
I could have turned that to double.
Actually, it's funny you just brought that up because after my round today,
I read through our group text, and you sent us the picture.
How funny that was that the guy's like, hey, my girlfriend moved into your spot.
The weirdest part, though, is did you see RA's response, Biz?
No.
He said, well, thanks a lot, small world.
Don't worry.
I don't need to give you my address.
I'll swing by your place and pick it up.
The guy's probably like, whoa, bro, I don't want you coming over here.
Oh, I bet he does.
He DM'd him.
He might even tag him in.
We might have another fucking two-on-one story from the boyfriend
and bring him in.
Yeah.
Yeah, my old lady will be fucking thrilled with that one.
Oh, yeah. Well, speaking of
old ladies, boys,
quick turnaround.
Yeah, it's not going to work.
No, you're already done again.
Oh, yeah, it's not going to work.
So, dude, this is...
I know, this is like the 10th time.
I don't want to see a fucking joke
at this point.
I can't even reason. Let's honestly a fucking joke at this point. I just,
I can't even reason.
Let's not even get into it.
But if you get back with her again,
like I think everyone listening who tweets at you.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
Like light me up now.
I don't even give a shit.
I'm the most self-aware guy on the planet.
I'm an absolute clown anyway.
But speaking of DM slides,
I,
I got one today. And so I commented on the video on barstool where the girl was playing uh guitar hair with
her tongue and you know obviously i'm not shy to talk about my sexuality i'm not either shy to let
a girl chuck a tongue dart down my ass either so i commented on that photo on the video and uh what was your comment i said
uh i said a little tongue dart never hurt and and so i get a message from a dm from a guy today i
get tons of these things so if i don't answer you i'm sorry for you spitting chicklets fans out there
but he goes he goes he goes he goes i he goes i tongue dart you any day, boss.
And I wrote back, ha ha.
He's just playing around with me.
Well, this guy comes back with a laughing, crying face.
And he goes, seriously, though, come sit on my face.
Smother me under that 216-pound body and make me beg for air and mercy.
And then he goes, please.
And then I'm like, yo. And then he goes, please.
And then I'm like, yo, and listen,
I'm fucking the biggest supporter of the LGBT community.
I wrote back.
I said, I'm straight.
I have no issue with anyone else's sexual preference.
I only like women, though.
And he's like, I know, makes it even hotter.
Winky face. Then he's got a picture of a man sitting on another man's face.
Shut up, dude.
Oh, bud, look.
I'm trying to get fucking Grinnelli's
quarterly money back, and I got a proposition
for you.
He's got that picture
with the one he sent. Oh, at least
they have clothes on. Jesus.
The other guy doesn't.
He goes, i love being
crushed under a straight dude's ass and i know it just kept going and i'm like and i wrote him
back i said i said hey bud do you mind just leaving me it could be a catfish too that smells
like catfish all the way from here well sure but i mean even just two guys it doesn't smell hey
all right don't rain on my parade buddy i know I know you're... R.A., are you jealous? Are you...
He's like, I got DMs
that I got packages showing all the address.
I got nobody asking if I'll sit on their face.
This guy just knows my ass fell off in the womb.
He knows that already. Well, now let me say
this, though. I'd be lying if I didn't get
a little bit of confidence from that
DM slide. Now that I'm single, I kind
of needed the boost. Let's rock and roll here.
Come on. R.A. goes from his shoulders to his
calves.
It's a dead straight line.
Seriously. Should I offer up your services,
R.A.? I am sponsored by some of
Alumba. Oh, my God.
Well, boys, I'm in the hockey world, boys.
What's up? Oh, New Jersey's,
right, boys? The New Jersey Devils.
Halsey.
Halsey's your biggest fan wait let's let's let
you comment on the jerseys first oh i think those are sick it's funny i thought did they not wear
those at all like what did they have a third jersey at all i don't know i know they were those
jerseys when they first moved to new jersey though right though the white with the green with the
christmas colors yeah am i imagining that I never saw that? Are these their
full-time unis now? Are those third
jerseys? These are the third jerseys, but I think
these were the same jerseys that they used
pretty much 90 of the same
what they used when they first came into the league
when they went from Colorado to New Jersey.
Oh, no, but they haven't worn
that old-school jersey at all in the past couple
years. Yeah, they did it with the
green pants.
Not too long.
I've seen them wear a different jersey besides red, black, and white. Might have been three, four years, but in recent memory.
Now, here's another question to spin off the third jersey.
Is every team required to have a third jersey for the season?
No, I think Adidas kind of chose.
I love how we just never know the exact.
This is the Grinnelli. We're clowns about hockey talk.
We can talk about...
How about me?
Did I already bring up how wrong I was
on Dylan Larkin's stats the one time?
How about how wrong we were on
Kachuk's kid?
None of us knew the ruling.
We didn't know where he was playing.
We better fucking clean it up, boys.
Even before Biz made fucking clean it up, boys.
Even before Biz made this what it is, we've never pretended to be fact guys.
No, we're not talking hockey. We're opinion guys.
We got some fact, but you can never trust us for sure.
The only thing we care about hockey is the back end of these podcasts
with the interviews.
And the best ones are when we don't talk about hockey.
Now, I actually, before we get back to third jersey talk, Grinelli, podcast with the interviews and the best ones are when we don't talk about hockey now i actually
before we get back to third jersey talk grinnelli uh the bottle service girl typically when you
take control of the table and you and you pay at the end you get a little confidence was she
attractive and not when she sees your face like that no yeah yeah she she was honestly probably
the most beautiful girl i've ever seen in my entire life. And?
And it was awesome. And?
Because they gave me a special bracelet.
No, no, I didn't get her.
Oh, you got to make the calls?
Oh, so yeah.
So I had this thing called the Hollywood bracelet.
What's that?
It's this gold bracelet that they gave to only me.
It was awesome.
I felt like the man.
Were you the bachelorette?
Yes.
He's still wearing it.
He had a cock straw in his drink all night. like the man. He's still wearing it.
He had a cock straw in his drink all night.
I go to the front of a Dunkin' Donuts line.
He's like, the fucking Hollywood bracelet.
They're like, dude, scram.
Yeah, but she was the most
amazing person I've ever seen in my entire life.
If I can track her down, I'm gonna.
You didn't shoot your shot
after dropping 4K?
She went up to my buddy who has a girlfriend who never comes out.
Kid never comes out.
And she went up to him and was like, hey, man, I think you're really cute.
You went up to him?
You went up to him, and he was like, no, I'm here with my girlfriend.
Sorry.
Is he a man rocket?
He would have got a Venmo request from 2K for me.
He was a man rocket, but he put on a couple LBs.
Oh, suck on that one, Chubby.
Oh, yeah.
That's the fucking Vern from Stand By Me.
Hey, of course it was the guy who had a girlfriend.
Girls are so vindictive.
I'm just kidding.
I've always wondered.
I mean, maybe, like, my wife and I, we don't go out that much,
but I would never go to a club with my wife or your girlfriend.
Yeah, I would go with my girl once in a while.
You guys have a solid relationship.
I've never been a big club guy.
I only went around a club town like Vegas or something.
Oh, speaking of club guys, Keith Yandel for a second,
I thought was turning into one.
He did a photo shoot of him in a Ferrari.
I texted him i
said dude did you buy that car he's like oh that was yance i thought that was fucking tony montana
he looked phenomenal didn't he yeah he did yeah but i i mean i was like wow i don't really i can't
picture him driving a like he's gonna be driving a ferrari and he's like no he's like to be driving a Ferrari. And he's like, no, he's like, dude, I didn't buy that midlife crisis car. He's like, I hate driving,
let alone in a Ferrari. So he just looks like a smoke show in the car.
But oh, boys, we got off the third Jersey talk quickly.
Ari, I didn't get your thoughts on that Jersey.
Yeah, I love, I love old jerseys, man,
especially like seventies and eighties ones that they don't want longer use
that dead New Jersey when it's so fresh looking, man, especially like 70s and 80s ones that they don't longer use. That New Jersey one, it's so fresh looking, man.
I mean, I've seen it years ago, but to see people fall in love with it
all over again is cool.
Now, you mentioned before the show, Biz, the Phoenix Coyote,
they're bringing back that acid dog that they first got.
What is it?
Kachina, right?
I think it's called Kachina.
Yeah, I call it the acid dog.
But when that first come out in 96, 97, people fucking hated that uniform.
They did not like that jersey at all.
They weren't fans of it.
I think that's something that people have grown to like after years have gone by.
You know what I refer to as the Watch the Throne jersey,
or referring to anything that wasn't cool at first.
You ever hear the Watch the Throne album when it first came out with jay-z and kanye everyone was like yeah it's all right
three no it was like three three stars it was okay i think it bombed and then there was like
eight bangers off it it just kind of grew on people and all of a sudden it was popular and
that's similar to some of the old jerseys i think think the Kachinas up there, I think the Devils ones is one of the best ones.
Now, if you guys had to put a top three all-time best third jerseys
or even throwback jersey, what would you guys pick?
Good.
Because it's kind of a broad subject.
You got the throwbacks or then like a jersey like the Hartford Whalers,
like their regular jerseys
or a Quebec Nordique jersey. Those are
fucking iconic.
It's funny. All the
old jerseys are coming back. The Penguins
now kind of have their 90s
jerseys. I love their blue unis.
Those things are sharp. Oh yeah, those are cool.
Crosby got injured in it.
Never wear them again.
I think they did.
Those jerseys cursed them that one year.
Those are sick unis.
But you mentioned Halford Biz, and that's a logo that gets mentioned all the time.
And I think it's because it's such a brilliant logo where it has the H
and the W together, which a lot of people don't even notice.
It's both letters there with the whale tail coming through.
And I always laugh because, you know, you can't think of too many teams first off they wouldn't call a
team named the whale is now because whale is a people that go out and kill whales for a living
it's kind of weird that that a whale is the name of the nickname and the fucking mascot is an actual
whale called pucky the whale it's just kind of weird because you know whale is kill whales
it's just like when a company gets a graphic jersey talk with r. It's just like when a company gets a graphic.
Jersey talk with RA.
It's like when a company hires a graphic design company,
and it's just like all the stars align, and you knock it out of the park.
I mean, you can, like the Macintosh logo, just the Apple,
like you just see that, and it's like you want to spend money. Sometimes simplicity, man.
It's something just boom.
It just works, you know? Like the fedex with the arrow in it yeah just no it's just smart iconic
logos like a lot of people don't don't realize too and took me years the milwaukee brewers logo
that's an m and a b it's a baseball glove with a ball but it's also the letter b and the letter m
letter m never even never even noticed that there you go go. It's like the arrow in the word FedEx.
I didn't see that until about a year ago.
Oh, really?
Yeah, me neither.
Never even noticed it.
How are you?
Fuck off, Whit.
I'm serious.
He just said that.
Oh, that's hilarious.
Because R.A. was pointing at you like, oh, this guy's fucking with you,
and then he swayed my opinion.
I thought you were at one point fucking with me.
Now, you're wearing the shirt right now, R.A., the Blackhawks.
Yeah, actually.
That gets voted like best jersey every year.
Do you think that it's ever going to get to a point
where they're going to have to change that?
Well, Chief Wahoo, the Red Sox just finished a series
with the Cleveland Indians, and Chief Wahoo, he's gone.
It's the last year.
Yeah.
Well, the difference between Chief Wahoo and, well,
I forget what they call him, Blackhawk, the Indian head,
I think is the Chief Wahoo is always kind of looked at as a caricature.
I mean, the face is red.
You know, it's very insulting to Indians, basically, like actual Indians.
Such a great logo, though.
Well, hey, listen, I'm not'm not talking about like how it's not disrespectful
i'm saying is like you know if they're considering that and they that's their choice and if they
decide that it's disrespectful to their culture they fucking change it i don't you know no skin
off my back but with the chicago logo is that not the case it's is it not offensive in any way
no no there was there was a little bit ofback, but I don't think it's anywhere near the Cleveland pushback.
Just because, like the Cleveland one, again, it's red-faced.
It's kind of buck-toothy.
It's kind of, you know, I guess if I were an Indian,
I'd probably be offended by where the Blackhawk one,
the history of it is actually, you trace it, it goes,
I think it's World War I.
There's a World War I unit that was named after a particular Blackhawk Indian,
so there's a little more nuance to the history there.
Maybe they'll be good then.
And the use of the logo, too.
I mean, it's kind of a
Oh, it's beautiful.
Not the color version, obviously.
This is a team-issued game one.
Not a big deal.
But it doesn't have the colors in it, but it's a beautiful logo to look at.
It doesn't do anything really disrespectful.
Like I said, no buck teeth and red skin.
So it just kind of  I don't know. I think it's just passed the test of time,
and I don't think it's ever going to go anywhere.
If the Blackhawks has been able to withstand, like, the last, you know,
25, 30 years of political correct runs at these type of logos,
then I don't think it's going to go anywhere.
One other thing, too, we didn't mention.
We're bringing on our Boston Bruins defenseman,
Torrey Krug, for his recurring guest spot.
We've always forget to, like, let people know who's coming on.
We just get talking.
Yeah, it happens.
Hey, Krug coming off a career year, though.
But, you know, he battled that injury.
We'll talk to him a little bit about how that rehab's going.
So that was good.
And talk about him, I mean, based off offensive defenseman.
When he's up for his next contract, he is going to get paid.
Speaking of offensive defenseman, boys, a little news broke today
that superstar Eric Carlson does not want to sign in Canada.
Don't blame him.
Wow.
I mean, it's funny.
People probably take so much offense to that in Canada,
but I could understand after his whole career in Ottawa,
just being like, I don't really feel like dealing with 15 media members every day
and looking to get  I mean, that almost makes me think
he won't go to a big market even in the U.S.
I mean, if he's looking for a real break from media, maybe he's not.
Maybe it's just how crazy Canada is.
But still, it kind of sucks if you were a team thinking about trying to sign him.
But I didn't think he was a fit with any team up north anyways.
Especially where he's going to be breaking the bank with on the next contract.
He's going to be making upwards of, what, 11 million, 12 million possibly.
And, you know, a lot of Canadian teams,
it's just going to be tough for them to afford that price tag.
And like you said, he's probably like, if this is this bad in Ottawa,
how much worse is it in, you know, Toronto in Toronto or Montreal or even Winnipeg nowadays?
So, yeah, I'm not surprised he doesn't want to play up there.
I said don't blame him, and that's like no offense to Canada,
but for a guy who's put that much time in a Canadian market,
especially when you're the superstar, it's a lot.
You're always the guy who's got to answer the questions,
especially being the team captain.
That type of stuff takes its toll on you mentally and uh you know for what
he's put into that Ottawa Senators organization and the way it's went as of late I have no problem
with a guy like that going to hit his payday and going to a market and I might disagree with you
in the regards to the fact of like somewhere where he's going to like disappear where it's
like a no-name market where I think he wants fact of somewhere where he's going to disappear, where it's like a no-name market,
where I think he wants to go anywhere where they're going to be competitive.
A team like Vegas, I think, which seems to be the place he's going to land,
or at least one of the contenders.
It does seem like that.
I mean, you just hear whether people are just making it up.
It just makes sense.
Like, it could work.
It'll be very interesting to see the season Vegas has after that magical run
where I called it the entire time.
People remember that.
We'll see what happens this year.
We'll see what happens because if they take a step back,
which that'll never happen, I mean, you got to be a fool to think that,
then maybe it won't be there.
Well, two things.
He gets what he probably wants to avoid as being
going out in public and getting
recognized everywhere, although Vegas
is becoming that type of market.
Apparently their head coach would go out to dinner
and they would give him standing ovations.
How sick would that be?
Walk in, people just give you a standing O?
Yeah, Carlson's like, yeah, I want to avoid
all this stuff away from the rink.
He fucking walks into Caesars Palace.
Everyone stops.
He's doing photo shoots at the MGM Grand.
Yeah, he's swimming with the fucking Bellagio Fountains.
I'll tell you, he wouldn't make a face like Grinnelli
when he left one of those day parties.
Oh, God.
He'd take a couple breaths and say, just made a back in interest.
He'd pull it out of his back pocket.
Now, I think that he deserves that.
And then also, Vegas, no state tax.
So, he can take a pay cut, but save it not paying taxes.
So, it seems like a logical place for him to land.
Yeah, sure.
Well, I mean, of course, he could land twice.
He could get traded one place, and then he could end up signing a free agent somewhere.
So, it's a lot of possibilities in the as far as he goes right so so uh i've been
taking this uh cbd oil hemp so there's two kinds there's one that's extracted from the marijuana
plant um and which is the base and this one's from the hemp plant and uh boys it's unbelievable
so i i typically wake up every morning feeling very anxious i deal
with anxiety a lot just because like i got a lot on my plate you know i want to be creative you
gotta try to be on the ball all the time so i've been here a ton of my friends a ton of my friends
take cbd and and they've been saying how how good the benefits are and since i've been back every
morning i've been waking up not anxious. I've been doing
the liquid form. I put my water bottle and in already like you seem like you're pretty intrigued
right now. And boys, it helps with inflammation. It helps with anxiety helps with I mean,
they say it helps with depression. I mean, I haven't been dealing with any of that lately. So
I mean, just all the benefits I've been feeling from it and I've been starting to work out again.
It's been amazing. I suggest you try it.
They even make dog treats with it.
So a lot of dogs, you know, like older ones, they're suffering from arthritis.
You can give it to them in the dog treats.
And this is the one that's made with hemp.
So I don't think there's  I would guess there's no problem traveling with it.
I'm going to have them send it to you before the big golf match that we haven't talked about yet.
And I think it's going to help with loosen up your back,
get you right in that perfect swim swing.
So they have a special offer just for spitting chicklets.
Listeners get 20 off of checkout on www.herbalactive.com.
That's U R B A LT-I-V.com.
At checkout, use promo code biz20, just the same as Eagle Energy,
B-I-Z-2-0, and they're going to give you,
I'm assuming they're going to give them 20 off.
Those of you listeners in Phoenix, look them up,
because that's where they're located.
I told you guys that.
They are local and have a store you can go into and pick up product.
Don't forget to use the code, biz20, B-I-Z-2-0.
You should sell your promo code, seeing as it's all over the place now.
You can market it and make money off that too.
And boys, I'm not blowing smoke up your ass.
I am all about this CBD now.
Usually, they say it takes about two days for it to be active in your system
where now you need to continue it in order for it to be active in your system where you now you
need to like continue it in order for it to work i want to actually really take this oh man my mind's
so clear like look at our podcast so far today i've been fucking awesome you're actually buzzing
right now yeah other than the ad read i got a question for uh wits wits have you been arrested
yet for murder for that blog you wrote on Riggs about Riggs the other day?
That was the most vicious internet murder I've seen in 12 years in these Boston internet streets, I think.
Man.
Savage.
I didn't want to have to do that.
Sometimes you get pushed to a point, though.
I'm not going to lie.
I felt a little uncomfortable.
I'm like, oh, geez.
I reached out to him, and I was like like hey are you like cool with all this like is this well for people who don't know the whole story
it all started i went on the foreplay the golf pod for barstool and i talked about how i would
rather have 10 double eagles than one hole in. Did we ever talk about this or no?
I don't think so.
All right.
So it was a discussion and Riggs Barstow.
Now, listen, his nickname went to Harvard.
His nickname was Bozo.
That's part of his last name.
So he gave himself the name Riggs.
So he's kind of Bozo to me until this match.
So he was giving me shit, blah, blah, blah, no big deal.
And then somebody tweeted him, like, you should play Whitney or something like that, talking about the Mickelson-Tiger,
10 million match, you guys should play.
And Rick said, oh, yeah, I'll play him, something like that.
Put some respect on your name, man.
He's calling me out, in a sense.
Not really calling me out.
It wasn't, but he, you know, he's challenging me.
Yeah, I'll play him, right?
Hands down, challenge the Chiefs.
So, I see that.
I said, anytime, anyplace, any amount, right?
Somebody's calling you out.
I know Riggs is a solid golfer, you know?
Five handicap.
I'm a two handicap. So this guy says
he'll play me. I think we're going to play straight up. And all of a sudden he goes on this
rant. I need my shots. I need my three shots, three shots. People know in golf, that's how you
even out the matches. If I had called him out, if I had said, I don't know where A-Riggs play me in
a money match, i would have said like
yeah i'll give you shots but if you're gonna say to me i'll play them and then you're looking for
shots it's just like dude we're close enough in skill like you just said you'll play me but now
you want anyone anyone can have a bad day and and you know it's it's especially head to head
you don't want to be you don't want to play like men do.
No shots, no handicap, gross play.
So, fine and dandy, we're going back and forth on Twitter.
And, you know, right away when he asked for the shots, I was like,
God, that's kind of already a win for me.
That's a tough look for him, you know, asking for shots after you said you're playing me.
He writes a blog.
You know, he's probably thinking, listen, this is wit. He can a blog. You know, he's probably thinking,
listen, this is wit.
He can't blog.
And by the way, he spun it.
His spin zone after I murdered him
was that he was winning
because he was getting me to blog.
Whatever, I guess, you know, I did get it.
I did.
Me blogging is good.
You know, people read it.
But if you're the one getting murdered,
it's not ideal that, you know, I'm blogging.
I mean, you're not making money because Barstool is getting reeds.
You're getting murdered and Barstool is maybe happy that I'm blogging or blogged.
But I wasn't, you know, we were going back and forth on Twitter.
And then he wrote this blog calling me a moron with all these tweets I had.
I'm an idiot.
I don't have a brain, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I have this thing where, and my friends are the same way. I mean,
I'm a good guy. I'm a really, I'd like to think I'm a nice person, but if you're going to come
at me, I'm always going to go way harder and way worse and like bury you. Just ask Wade Redden.
I don't love it. You know, Wade Redden, that's a one in a million.
I don't want to be mean.
I didn't want to write all those mean things,
but if you're going to be mean to me,
I'm obviously going to one-up you
and stand and step on your throat
on my blog appearance,
which, by the way, I hear people say
maybe I didn't write Grinnelli.
You could fucking prove I wrote that bitch.
Somebody said you didn't write that?
Yeah, they tried to.
Isn't it a player's tribune? You're not going to put your. Somebody said you didn't write that? Yeah. Is it a player's tribune?
You're not going to put your name on something you didn't write?
Wait, you called me and asked me to write it, and I said no.
I said, do you write this?
You write this like an angry email.
I said, I don't know how to write this.
And you're like, dude, just write it like you're tweeting.
And that was kind of what did it to me.
So it was like mini tweets and just turned into a blog.
Now, what's he going gonna come back with right like listen should have been an obituary he's got no he's got nothing he's got
nothing again he's got nothing over me i mean it's not it's just facts wait i got a couple
couple things here uh unless unless you're oh you're more okay so keep going sorry I didn't know
so actually the only
I mean he really is like
I mean all the pressure's on me
to win the match right so I guess he has that
going like you know how would I ever lose this match
I'm a better player blah blah
so I guess that's kind of a you know
a thing he could lean on
but I mean
what are you gonna do after I wrote that box?
You know what he did? He tried saying I'm cheap. He came back with a Friday night blog saying that
the caddies at my course hate me saying that I'm cheap. Well, I'm here to address that. I wasn't
even going to tweet back at him about that's just nonsense i've never in my life been called cheap
i'll tell you that no i hear barstool radio now people are saying they're calling you cheap
if i was cheap if i was cheap i'd be even more loaded i mean how much money i've spent on my
friends that i've been gladly spending on and when i have caddies here's what i'll say by the way i have i have a voicemail
from a caddy at os so heartbroken so heartbroken when he heard that news and he saw that no way
by riggs with and now rick says he has other dms about me i'm gonna say it here i haven't talked
to him if you want to keep doing this route dude dude, this can get really ugly. Ideally, I don't want this to turn into a straight-up gutter war.
It's a golf match.
I don't want to try to ruin your life as you try to ruin mine.
So that's my peace offering.
If you have these apparent DMs, his DMs were no name blacked out
and no face, whatever.
I had a caddy call me and say,
I'm so sorry.
This is bullshit. We will find the
fucking rat or maybe the kid
made it up, but we love you.
You're one of the most respected members
we have. Can we hear it? Can we hear the
voicemail or did you delete it?
I talked to him. You know what? I can play.
I talked to this guy. Can you send it to
Grinnelli? Hey, buddy.
JoJo.
I'm just trying to get a hold of you.
We're all going crazy about this whole thing about wit.
The kid treats us with nothing but respect,
so we're trying to find the rat who fucking did this.
So I don't know if you can text me his number
or just tell him that we're all horrified he's nothing but
class act with us but uh i don't know i'm pissed give me a call if you get a chance or text me
love you buddy miss you bye but earlier in the night he didn't have my number so he called one
of my friends that used to caddy at old sandwich he said he knew he'd have my number and he left
him this voicemail so the voicemail is
actually not to me it's about me to somebody else so we'll drop that if you you'll have the guy's
name so we'll it's not like seeing a dm that's blacked out oh jojo actually said that about you
the biggest legend you know this great story about jojo keller he's a caddy at old sandwich
amazing guy he was the wayne gretzky of motocross.
No joke.
I think this guy was kind of like a Travis Pastrana up and
coming. A legend in motocross. Jojo
Keller. We'll have to look into that. I've
glued them before. So Grinnelli, I'll send
you that voicemail. And when it comes to
cheap, you know what? No way.
I've never fucking ate a meal that
wasn't paid for by you in your presence.
Listen, they could say what they want.
I'm not even going to, I'm not even going to like go into me.
That's just, it's just not true.
Caddies.
I tip 140 bucks, 150 bucks.
Now Portnoy's on the radio saying he gives him 300 bucks.
Dude, if I'm playing, I play five, six days a week.
I can't, I'll be, that's 1800 a week in caddy fees.
That isn't going to work out.
So, you know, maybe someone like the billionaires at the club,
if there is a billionaire or a hundred millionaires,
maybe they give that money.
But if you ask any caddy who a lot of the times is on the cart,
he's riding on the cart with me, sometimes carrying the bag,
sometimes carting, I gave him 150 bucks, dude.
I mean, listen, caddies will tell you that's good.
It's not incredible.
It ain't cheap though.
And I'm also buying drinks the entire round for everyone in the group and the caddies will tell you that's that's good it's not incredible it ain't cheap though and i'm also
buying drinks the entire round for everyone in the group and the caddies so listen say what you want
spread these things that i'm cheap and there's also maybe a couple caddies who don't like me
if you're a caddy and you don't like me first of all you're probably a scumbag because i'd
shoot you like shit once i figure out you're a scumbag second off if you if you're a caddy and
you tell me like four different reads,
I'll tell them before.
If you don't know, if you don't know what the club's playing
Let me do my thing.
Say I don't know.
If you don't know what the putt does, just say you don't know.
I get upset if you're like, no, no, the putt does this,
the putt does this, the putt does this, and then it does it.
I'm going to let you hear it.
I'm going to let you hear it.
That's how I am.
And like jokingly the first time like oh i guess half jokingly
because most of the time you're on the course you're probably playing for money so that guy's
your teammate exactly and he wants and then he wants me yeah wait i i got a question for you
so worst case scenario if and let's give riggs benefit of the doubt let's say you do have a
couple caddies who hate your guts now let's go through a scenario your worst day on the course
where a guy maybe cost you what a couple putts and then a couple yardage plays
where you've used the wrong iron and you're looking at the guy like are you fucking kidding me
what's the worst or lowest amount you've ever tipped a caddy after a day like that uh 110 bucks
i've never ever tipped them less than that dude i. I'm always, like, if I'm giving you shit, I'm still going to, like, pay you, dude.
I've never.
And if at any point, like, the guy pisses me off, like, he's actually really annoying me, you know, you just tell him, like, hey, bud, I'm just not looking to talk right now.
Oh, fuck, that's awkward.
Yeah, no, like, dude, like, if you're trying to talk to me about all these stories and i'm like trying to play golf like just save it for another time but most of the time dude i get
along great with the caddies and a good caddy knows that you know sometimes you just stay kind
of quiet and you kind of let the flow go with who you're who you're with i mean dude listen i have a
great time with caddies i got texts i got tweets i got all this stuff if he wants you know if people want proof
write me i'll show you oh i don't i don't uh disagree for a minute now i have a question
about the bet now the shots thing was i was like okay i could kind of see where he's coming from
i like the the one-on-one heads up because you don't even know what course you're playing
he's a good golfer he's probably shot close to par if not under par before same with you now if he if you did give him
let's say a stroke on the front nine and back nine do you think that he would be willing to play for
the same amount of money and do you think that that would be fair as opposed to him throwing in
three and you throwing in five okay yeah but i i would rather play just straight
up because what happens is um say i don't dummy him and i don't walk him off on the 15th or 16th
hole like i'm planning all of a sudden we get to 18 and it's a course where the number two and or
the number one handicap hole is 18 and we're tied he makes a four for three to beat me. Oh yeah. Fuck that.
I'd rather risk losing a little bit more and not winning as much to play
straight up and know that I don't have to worry about any holes where he can
make a par net birdie or a birdie net Eagle.
If I birdie and still lose the hall stroke,
play golf sucks.
It sucks.
Especially when you're a low handicap.
Giving up shots is hard.
And when a two plays a 10, it's very necessary.
That's how golf's created.
That's how anyone can play anyone in golf.
But when a two plays a five, did you see Graham DeLette?
Graham DeLette plays on the PGA Tour.
He hopped in.
Jesus Christ, give your nuts a sack and play him straight up.
So people understand where I'm coming from here.
Poor Taylor Hollett, secondhand embarrassment. So bad he almost died. We can't him straight up. So people understand where I'm coming from here. Poor Taylor Hull. It's secondhand embarrassment so bad he almost died.
We can't have that happen.
Well, if you're a hockey fan, a golf podcast guy almost murdered the MVP
of the National Hockey League.
This isn't just Riggs coming after Witt.
This is Riggs coming after hockey.
He almost murdered the fucking MVP of the league.
Wake the fuck up, hockey fans.
I wanted to tell. He's attacking the fucking MVP of the league. Wake the fuck up, hockey fans. He's attacking
this fucker on Twitter. I wanted to
tell Spittin' Chicklets,
our group,
our cult.
Our cult, right? We do have a cult
following, and I love every one of you.
He's attacking us.
He's attacking you, Grinelli.
He's attacking you, Biz. He's attacking
you, R.A. He's coming after me.
He's coming after our listeners, calling us
brainless, calling us dumb.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. He didn't say
all those names. I'm going to need
our group,
our team
to just stick by me,
to just be in my corner,
to go after him when he comes after me.
I need you to all stick up for me.
I need this to be a spit and chiclets win.
And when I win this match and when I'm doing the interview post-win,
I'm going to put my spit and chiclets hat on,
which will probably be worn the whole match,
sick little maybe flat brim.
And then I'm going to say to the world, this is chiclets.
This is us.
We just dummied that fucking mutant golf podcast guy
who has me on to help his ratings.
I mean, I'm helping out the golf podcast.
Do I have to do both?
No.
I'm a hockey guy.
Who's Cali taking?
You have to be concerned about me being on your team.
If you got a fucking blister on that golf course,
I would chop a piece of my foreskin off,
and I would fucking staple it to whatever fucking finger that you had a blister on that golf course, I would chop a piece of my foreskin off and I would fucking staple it
to whatever fucking finger that you had a blister
on. That's how fucking committed I am to this
golf match. And he thinks
foreplays, it's
doing really well. Solid golf podcast.
But if he thinks
the gallery of spitting chicklets
listeners won't
be louder,
more vocal, more present than the four play pod listeners that'll
be at this match. I mean, I want people coming and you know what I'm going to do? I'm already
saying it. When I win and he hands me over 3000 bucks, I'm saying we have to, I have to bring
5,000. He has to bring 3000. So it's cash transaction on the 18th green or wherever I
win, maybe hopefully the 15th or 16th green. I'm going to walk around and I'm going to hand every hundred dollar bill to Chiclets listener, Chiclets listener, Grinnelli,
R.A. And I'm going to give away all 3,000, all his hard earned money. It's probably a quarterly
paycheck for him. And I'm going to hand it out to every listener that came to support me that day.
And then I'm going to say, thanks a lot listener that came to support me that day. Then I'm going to say,
thanks a lot for your money, but everyone
else needed a little bit more than I do.
It's all about me getting the win
and suck my
ear.
That's a hell of a promo.
It's not 3,000 to me.
It's 3,000 to you. It's 3,000
to all of our fans that
I love so much. And listen, today
I played in the U.S. Mid-Am Qualifier.
Wait, I just wanted to clarify
something. You didn't say my name when you said handing out
100. I just want to know if I'm giving it out.
You're my caddy, so you get a little bit more.
Ooh!
Let's fucking go!
So today I played the U.S. Mid-Am Qualifier.
I was trying to get into a tournament that's
a little over my head.
These are the best players, best amateurs over 25 in the world. It's actually the one that the
Massachusetts Firefighter wanted to go to the Masters. I was trying to get into that tournament.
I shot 75 today. I needed to shoot 71. I didn't get it done. But four shots off for me in a
tournament that's in over my head. I was proud of it. I had five three putts.
That was not good, but that'll come around.
The week before, I did another qualifier where I'm alternate
to get into the mass mid-am.
So I'm playing some solid golf.
I'm ready to play this kid.
I don't know where we're going to play.
Yeah, that's what I was going to ask.
We have any idea on a date or anything for this?
No, nobody said a word to me.
I'm like, hey, guys, i'm pretty sure i'm a little bit
of the show here i mean people aren't dying to go see rigs play golf they're dying to go see me
pound rigs and you guys do you guys both shoot the same way we're both righties we both have very
shut face at the top of our swing we both can go shoot even par or go shoot 83 it's uh it golf's
golf dude like listen i mean this is this is by no  I expect to win.
I will accept nothing less than victory.
But I also know this ain't going to be a cakewalk.
I don't plan on it being a cakewalk.
It never is in golf.
Okay, so back to the start of the story.
Did you catch flack for the you would rather have 10 albatrosses
over a hole-in-one?
Yeah, I've caught some support but overall i was surprised and how many people would rather a hole-in-one and time out what golf is essentially a drinking culture i would say at least for people
that were interested in and who we hang out with big time it's all about drinking and telling stories
and having a good time hey man do you remember that one hole in one one fucking story you get
to tell 10 stories about actually getting a lower number on your scorecard compared to that hole 10
fucking times this isn't rocking science this is just plain fucking logic fuck your hole in one
they're overrated everyone's tweeting about a hole in one every other logic. Fuck your hole-in-one. They're overrated. Everyone's tweeting about a hole-in-one every other fucking day.
Fuck your hole-in-ones.
Albatross out the door.
I'll take one albatross over one hole-in-one, so suck my dick.
Yeah.
Funny.
A lot of dick sucking tonight on the show.
Tons, tons.
I'll suck them all.
I'll suck you dry.
And ass face.
I will say, one hole-in-one is so sick. I'm never going to get one.
I told this story on Foreplay.
I probably should have told on this before.
I hated golf growing up.
I never played.
When I was like 13 or 12 years old, my grandfather,
he sent me and my buddy to play golf.
I played once a year then, and I came home,
and I didn't even know it was a big deal.
I was like, I got a hole in one.
I was just like lying, trying to make my buddy laugh.
My grandfather went out and made like a plaque for me and stuff.
Oh, God.
I know, so I'm never getting one.
It was the worst karma.
I will never get one.
How do you got an albatross?
That was like touching the cup before you won it.
Trust me.
It was the worst.
I mean, I didn't understand.
Why was I being a lying scumbag?
I don't know.
I was being a punk.
My mom has a hole-in-one, though.
It was like a 90-yard hole.
She hit her driver.
It rolled up and went in.
Albatrosses are usually over 200 yards at least.
They're three under par on the hole as opposed to two under par.
The likelihood of an albatross is so much higher
I'm sorry, less likely than a hole-in-one.
So you get 10 of them, you'd be the only man on planet Earth with 10 albatrosses.
That's plenty of fucking stories.
You know who you'd be next to in the Golf Hall of Fame?
It'd be Tiger Woods, who had all four majors at one point in his life,
and the fucker who had 10 albatrosses.
Not the guy who had one hole-in-one.
Is an albatross an eagle, dude?
I don't play.
No, it's none better than an eagle.
Better, better.
A hole-in-one's an eagle.
What's an ace?
An ace, same thing. An ace and an eagle are better a hole-in-one's an eagle an albatross an ace same thing an ace and
an eagle are the same thing yeah yeah because an eagle is two under par right so you could get a
hole-in-one on a par four it's an albatross and a and a hole-in-one okay okay but if you make a two
on a par five that's that's a it's the double eagle or an albatross that's the start of this
whole match that's the start of pay-per-view golf match. Me and Riggs disagreeing on this.
I know you don't know golf very well.
All right, I'll dumb it down
like this. An eagle is
like going to the bar and a random 9
out of 10 grabs you and brings you home and
beats the wheels off you and sucks the dicks
off your torso. Well, an
albatross is when that 9 comes up to you
and she grabs her other 9 friend and they both
bring you home. That's a fucking albatross.
That's a perfect analogy.
That's a fucking albatross.
Like that time Yuppie wanted to go slumming with
and brought me home that night
and she ended up biting me.
First time I ever had a broad bite me.
That was fucking wild.
Wait till that Instagram starts popping off, buddy.
You're going to have more stories than that.
We'll be in touch.
We'll let everyone know.
But God, I just want everyone to come
And think about it, if you come and I win
There's a chance you win 100
Now we're going to turn it over to Bruins defenseman
Torrey Crew, who again, a recurring guest
This will be his second time
And he was pretty excited that he was the first
Guest in the old studio
Now that we're no longer there in Salty
But he seemed pretty excited to come on once again
So without further ado Now it's on Torrey Crew studio now that we're no longer there in Salty, but he seemed pretty excited to come on once again.
So without further ado, now it's on to our recruit. Hey boys, before we go any further,
I'm here to talk to you about NetSuite. Has your company outgrown QuickBooks? Are shared spreadsheets, manual processes, and legacy systems costing you time and money? Now is the time to
move your business to the cloud. Introducing NetSuite by Oracle,
the business management software that handles every aspect of your business
in an easy to use cloud platform.
With NetSuite,
you can save time,
money,
and unneeded headaches by managing sales,
finance,
and accounting orders and HR instantly right from your desk or even your
phone.
No hassle.
Thousands of the best known brands brands and fastest-growing companies
use NetSuite to manage their business.
And now it's available to you.
Not a big deal.
The power of the world's most popular
cloud management system
is more affordable than you can think.
Right now, NetSuite is offering you
valuable insights to overcome the obstacles
that are holding you back for free.
99.
Free 99.
Don't miss out on unleashing
your business's full potential with the,
this free guide,
crushing the five barriers to growth.
You'll learn how to acquire new customers,
increase profits,
and finally get real visibility into your cashflow.
Get NetSuite's guide,
crushing the five barriers to growth.
When you go to NetSuite.com slash chicklets right now,
download their free crushing the five barriers to growth guide today at NetSuite.com slash chicklets right now. Download their free Crushing the Five Barriers to Growth guide today at
netsuite.com slash chicklets
netsuite.com
slash chicklets.
Now we're very happy to welcome
back Boston Bruins defenseman
Torrey Krug. Torrey, how's the summer going?
It's good, man. Thanks for the welcome.
Two-time guy now, right?
Second time on.
Officially a recurring guest.
What have you been doing out of the busy all summer?
Just, you know, I got injured at the end of the year last year, so a lot of rehab stuff,
you know, staying off my feet, and then I just got out of the boot a couple weeks ago,
so I'm starting to get going on the ground and hopefully on the ice here soon.
How's it feeling?
It's good, yeah.
It's a grind, ankles, dude.
Yeah, it's a grind, man.
You look at mine, you know.
You've seen me skate before, and I didn't skate like you but i do know that ankles suck to deal with yeah they're
not fun so so what do you like you probably just gotta kind of push yourself every week and then
you kind of like all right maybe i push the two five this week and dial it back what's that process
day-to-day it's uh it's tough to see what the progress is like you know you're sore next day
you feel good and then they push you even more.
So kind of week to week you can kind of see what the progress is like.
They actually attributed my ACL injuries to my lack of ankle mobility.
Or any mobility.
Or any.
And, of course, hip too.
But it's amazing how important ankles are.
It's like basically the foundation of your body.
Ankles and feet and where you can. Dude, and I got pterodactyl toes. It's basically the foundation of your body. Ankles and feet. And, Witt, you can...
Dude, and I got pterodactyl toes.
It's just disgusting.
I haven't cut my toenails in like four months.
So, Tori, do you have the device
that spreads your toes like Witt does?
You ever saw yoga toes?
Oh, I know what you're talking about.
Yeah, you put them in and just leave them there?
Dude, it looks like a dildo.
And then all of a sudden,
you just slide your toes in and it's separated.
I think they're mainly for manic pedicures.
But I would just sit in bed with my toes separated because they're so scrunched together right now.
Toe talk.
It's disgusting.
We got a lot of feet talk going on the last few weeks. We had a couple fetishes.
We had a foot fetish lady on.
Because Whit decided to take a two-week vacation.
Another one's coming too.
Me and Brian had to carry the weight.
But apparently those  they call it yoga toes by the way. Yoga toes. week vacation and another one's coming too me and brian had to carry the weight but no but
apparently those those uh they call it yoga toes by the way and then it was actually like a little
like a vibrator thing that you could put on there that would then like kind of like vibrate the toes
while you're using them so we got to get him one of those yeah sponsor us maybe yoga toes yeah
well we can get back actually i was working deals yeah i'm deal. This is the biggest deal hunter you'll ever see.
Like, we're probably getting paid for these days.
What do you mean?
I don't hunt nothing.
They come find me now.
Suck it, Witt.
This episode is brought to you by feet.
All right, well, go back to the year.
Maybe your best year as a pro.
Would you say, I mean, the year you had, you were dominant offensively.
You were buzzing out there.
What were your thoughts kind of?
How did you feel going in?
What made you play so well, you think?
It was good.
The team was a wagon.
We were good this year.
I spent a lot of time playing with what I think is the best line in hockey
with Marshy, Berge, and Pasta.
Doing that,
Butchie, our head coach,
gave me a lot of freedom to just
get the puck in their hands somehow,
whichever way you can do it.
And then that obviously leads to a lot of goals and a lot of points.
And, you know, it was nice.
You need a first pass guy.
Yeah, exactly.
What is Butchie like as a coach?
Player's coach?
Hard on you?
Yeah, he's hard.
So when Butchie played, I think he sees a lot of myself in him.
So we go at it quite a bit.
It's like a father who sees his son act like him.
He's like, what the fuck, bro?
Yeah, it'll be like three seconds into a game and he'll be like, Dino.
He's our assistant coach.
We're like, Dino, sit him.
He's not ready to go.
Like, dude, I just started the game.
So, you know, he's good.
The sniffer on his own.
The anthem's not finished.
Are you fucking kidding me?
He's like, you didn't like how I sniffed this thing?
Jesus.
He's good, though.
He knows the plays that I should make, and he sees that.
So when I'm not making them, he gives me a nudge in the right direction.
And sometimes I like it, sometimes I don't.
But he's really honest.
He's fair.
He's about as fair as you can be.
So it's good.
What's the biggest difference between him and Claude, would you say?
I think just a lot of dialogue with Butchie.
Claude was great.
He taught me a lot of great things.
Defensively, I was nowhere near ready when I first got in the league.
He had a lot of patience to let me grow and develop
and taught me a lot of cool things along the way.
Butchie is great. He's kind of lengthened my leash a little bit, let me grow and develop and taught me a lot of cool things along the way. You know, Bocci is great.
He's kind of lengthened my leash a little bit, let me do my thing,
and, you know, it's been a lot of fun.
Now, what aspects of your defensive game do you think you've improved on
the last couple years, you know, early on as an undersized guy?
Can we get a picture of his legs, by the way?
I was just going to say, I was going to chime in there on the defense.
Two of my quads are one of yours.
Grinelli's got a couple picks on his phone.
Yeah, he does.
Yeah, we're totally on his phone.
I was here for that comment.
Yeah, because you actually said it.
He's like, dude, you're a unit when he met Kruger.
And Grinnelli's like, yeah, I have pictures of his legs on my phone.
I'm like, uh, tough comment.
He's like hoping no one noticed.
He's like, oh, shit. I said that out loud?
But part of that question about the
defensive play was
have you gained a lot of weight since you turned pro?
The college guys typically come
in. I gained a lot of weight since
he turned pro. Maybe gaining
some weight, being able to hold guys in
defensively help out? Yeah, for sure. I think
I gained 10 to 15
pounds once I came from
Michigan State. That definitely helped a lot with my strength. Obviously, you know, 10 to 15 pounds, you know, once I came from Michigan State. And that definitely helped a lot with my strength.
And obviously you need it going up against bigger guys.
But I get the reins pulled back on me all the time because I go in the corners and I'm like, you know,
everyone tells me I'm too small and I can't play defense.
So I'm like going toe to toe with guys I shouldn't.
Like I had a preseason game against Washington and I'm out on the ice with Ovechkin.
And like we ran into each other four times
in one shift and Swains pulls me
aside after the game. He's like, alright, that's cool.
You showed everyone
that you're willing to battle.
He's like, just knock it off. Why? Because he doesn't
want you expending energy in games?
Well, that's the thing. I need my energy
to get up and down the ice and to get back on pucks
and make those plays.
Some people forget that who watch, right?
They're like, oh, look ahead of him.
It's like, man, that guy's playing 25 to 30 tonight.
He needs to conserve energy.
He needs to shut the fuck up and just pay for the popcorn and beer.
And let the guy just snipe from the point.
Why do you want him trying to run someone over?
Let Kevin Miller go run OV over.
That's not my job.
I'm going to snap the puck up to pasta and get a second apple while I'm sitting on the
bench.
He yelled that by foot.
What the hell was that?
I just got an assist.
What are you talking about?
That's probably the biggest thing with my defensive game is that, thanks, Whit, just
going back on pucks and breaking out so you don't have to play defense.
So I think that's why that line loves playing with me.
They get excited about that because you go back on pucks,
get it in their hands, and all of a sudden the transition game's in.
It's going full speed ahead.
I bet you Bergeron doesn't do this, but I remember playing with Sid.
If a D-man just had him perfect stride and missed him, hit him in the skates,
Sid would just be disgusted a little bit.
Those great players, they're just like, what the fuck?
So when they get someone like you, I'm sure that
they love it, but do you catch
any heat when you do misfire on one?
Not with Berge. Berge's good, man.
He'll just handle it anyways.
Yeah, exactly. Just tossing his feet,
chuck it in there, I'll pick it up.
I've actually heard a story of Patrick Kane
when he would leave the ice when John Wilson would get on.
I've heard that too. He's disgusted.
He would flip it. I'll use it. Defensive defenseman. Well, he would flip it. He was a defensive defenseman
and if in any trouble, he'd just
get it out of harm's way. And Kane would just
as soon as he'd come on, he'd sprint to the bench.
I remember Goetz that one time. I remember the D-man
in Anaheim. He was just wide
open and the guy flicked it off the glass
and Goetz, he's just kind of like
just turns and changes. It's just so funny.
He's just disgusted. He'd rather have
the minus than chase down a puck on a forecheck.
It's like, dude, what are you doing dumping it in?
Ryan gets left.
That's how the game's changed, though.
It's like my first couple years in league, you know,
with the decor we had, it was like big, tough D-men.
And we used to joke about a couple guys in the locker room.
Like, all right, let's try and get some more ice time.
So we'd go out and practice and just start rimming pucks.
Like, go behind the net. It's like a breakout and practice and just start rimming pucks. Like go behind the net.
It's like a breakout drill and we're just firing pucks off the glass.
And now all of a sudden the game's changed.
So anytime you do that, like our forwards get pissed off.
Well, it's a turnover now.
Yeah.
And it used to just be get it out.
It's coming right back.
Speed.
Yeah, that's what the game is, man.
Jump into the playoffs this past year.
Another great series versus Toronto.
Game seven, you scored that huge goal in the third period,
and I think it's given us probably an iconic photo now in Bruins history.
Your arm's outstretched.
I mean, another dumb question, but is that the biggest goal you ever scored in your hockey career?
Yeah, that picture's going up in the man cave for sure.
Yeah, nice.
Grinelli's got it in his phone.
It's actually in the background.
Next to Grinelli's framed picture of his knee.
Grinelli's got it in his phone.
Yeah.
It's actually in the background.
Next to Grinelli's framed picture of his knee.
That was  yeah, that's a big one.
I mean, it doesn't get much better than game seven.
We were down in the third period.
I was playing awful.
Like, I'm pretty sure Butchie was getting ready.
If we weren't losing the game, I would have been on the pine, you know, the whole time.
So, that was a big moment.
I had a lot of big goals against the Rangers when I first came in,
and this one definitely jumps up over those for sure.
Was that maybe the loudest you heard the build in Game 7?
I mean, I've been in that place a bunch.
It seemed like probably one of the top two or three loudest moments
in that building.
Yeah.
Man, it's  you know, I blacked out, though.
It's like any time you score a goal, it's like, quit.
People ask what they think, and you're like, I don't know what I think.
There's no thought process.
You're just like, fucking heck, yes, that was me.
Well, after the game, we came back.
Everyone was juiced up, and some of the scratches were like,
I saw the way you flexed by the bench when you skated.
I was like, I didn't flex.
I saw the replay.
I'm skating by.
I'm like, flex it.
I'm like, oh, what a joke.
What a joke.
Hey, weren't you there at the game with Portnoy, weren't you?
Oh, yeah.
I was with Portnoy, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think we might have broken the no-chair in the press box that night.
Dude, I saw him in the locker room after the game.
Were you one of the interviewers?
Yeah.
I think it was his first one.
And I'm looking at this guy, and he's asking me these questions.
He's like, is he stroking?
Cycle the puck. Shots on net. Pucks on net. And I'm looking looking at this guy and he's like asking me these questions like is he stroking? Cycle the puck, shots on net,
pucks on net and I'm like looking around
at all the other people I'm like
do they know what's going on here?
But then you answer but
the thing I said about that like people do
say like pucks on net, pucks on net.
He's like pretty much called us hockey players
pigeons for just using the same exact
talk and words for every single
playoff game. Cycle the puck. Did he not interview a kid thinking it was the Brossman and words for every single playoff game.
Cycle the puck.
Did he not interview a kid thinking it was DeBrusk?
I was just about to say that. Yeah, tell the story.
He's interviewing Danton Heinen, talking to him like he's Jake DeBrusk,
because DeBrusk got the game winner.
Nasty game winner.
He's like instant legend in Boston.
And Heinen scored, didn't he?
Heinen scored that game too, yeah.
It just got plugged back in the lineup, scored.
So El Prez is having like a one-on-one with the guy,
and he's like, dude, tell me how you feel about scoring that game winner.
And Heinen just looks at him, he's like, you got the wrong guy, bro.
He wasn't even him like teeing him off.
He definitely thought that was the brush.
Yeah, he had no clue.
He was too busy with his Scary Terry t-shirts and stuff like that
during the Boston Celtics playoffs.
He wasn't really dialed into the Bruins.
Yeah, it was like watching performance acts.
Dave was performing.
You could tell Tuca was in on it.
He was kind of winking going along, but that was pretty funny stuff.
Next round didn't turn out as good.
What do you think was the big issue?
Game one, you rolled them over too.
I think they had a lot of time off,
and the score was not indicative of how the game went.
Then we lit a fire under their ass.
I kind of wish that we beat them like 2-1 that first game
because then they're coming out flying.
They're getting embarrassed game one as opposed to just like a close game
where they think they played well, so then they just really picked it up.
Yeah, they're a great team.
They were better than us for sure.
I mean, we were right there.
There were a couple times where the series could have flipped.
Right after I got hurt, we were up 3-2.
They tie it 3-3, score a garbage goal in overtime.
Was that game four?
That was game four.
So if we win that game, it's a 2-2 series going into Tampa.
You've got to steal one on the road anyway.
So it was a lot closer than it seemed, but they were definitely a little bit2 series going into Tampa. You've got to steal one on the road anyway. It was a lot
closer than it seemed, but they were definitely
a little bit better than us for sure. I thought you guys
had him on the ropes when Stamkos changed
his color of his hair.
He's almost got
blacklisted forever by Stamkos during
that whole event.
But then we hung out when I was in Vancouver,
so we're all good now. We're cool.
I'll put the words out there.
I'm not going to complain about the refs.
I know you guys don't like to, but in a situation like that.
The refs.
No, no, no.
I was going after the refs in August.
In a situation like that where a call is missed or whatever,
how hard is it for the players psychologically to get past that?
Is that something you're just like, okay, it happened, moved on,
or when such a call like that swings none of the game but the series,
is that something that lingers for a few days,
or do you just got to turn the page on it?
I mean, ask C-Mac if you talk to Charlie today or whatever.
That's you.
He's still here.
How can somebody be so good at hockey and not out to lunch?
Honestly.
Permalunch, man.
We got to bring him up here.
I feel like the guys who are most out to lunch are the best players.
We said that before.
We were just talking about that.
They don't have a care in the world.
How are you so good at hockey and then so out to lunch when you're like
but you're out to lunch and not that good either.
You're kind of both.
I got fucked.
I got fucked.
So you're speaking about the Charlie McAvoy non-call, correct?
Yes.
Amongst others, I'm sure.
Amongst others.
But that was the one that really swung the seers.
You know what I'm saying? You're just like, okay, it's done. Itst others. But that was the one that really swung the seers. You know what I'm saying?
You're just like, okay, it's done.
It happens.
Shit calls happen all the time.
But something like that seems like it would win at least for me.
A day that we can tell.
I have a couple of thoughts on it.
I mean, first thing is if something like that happens and it leads to a scoring chance, right there.
It's like throw your arm up and call it.
But second,
it's a game of mistakes.
Players make mistakes. If we were all perfect, there'd be
no goals scored the whole game.
Refs make mistakes too.
It's just part of the game. You've got to get over it.
If you sit there sulking about it,
you're going to be sitting in the summer golfing pretty early.
You seem like you're
sulking a little bit.
Yeah, dude.
It's August 1st.
He's just still writing blogs about it.
It won't get published.
He's got the hit list.
Dude, what's your tattoo?
Roman numerals?
7, 5, 13?
Is that your anniversary?
It's my anniversary, yeah.
That's a big step.
That's a big step.
She must have loved you when you did that.
That's big time.
I had to do something to keep her excited.
She's a smokes.
I'm way out of my league.
I had to agree.
Exactly.
Up in the back there.
It's metal.
It's a family tattoo.
McAvoy actually has one with the Roman numerals, but it's his birthday, just so he can fucking
remember.
I'm sure.
I know he has one of Tori's thighs on his thigh.
Like an inception.
So what's up?
So all summer, I mean, I know you've been rehabbing the injury.
What else has been going on?
You're in Boston the whole time?
Yeah, yeah.
Trying to get down to the Cape.
You guys are holding me up.
Yes.
I know.
This guy's going to get buried by traffic because of us.
We moved this table 5,000 times, but either way.
No PJ for the Cape like these guys do?
No, no, no.
Not quite there.
Pasa's not in town to pay for me.
Yeah, exactly.
We need the rich guys to pay for that stuff.
I want to ask you about college because I played in Saginaw with the Spirit.
Not a big deal.
And you're actually a Michigan guy as well.
Yeah.
Are the girls that much easier at Michigan State than Michigan?
He thinks Michigan State.
Yeah, exactly.
Is Michigan that much better of a school?
Yes.
Yeah?
Yeah, yeah.
But way bigger beauties at the state school.
But a way more fun time at state.
Yeah, a bunch of nerds at Michigan, man.
We get nice tremendous defendants.
I never went to college, but all the local kids from Saginaw would talk about how they were going to state.
Yeah, they were state.
It's a little closer.
We want to have some fun.
And they talked about how easy the females were.
I'm sure the men were easy too. I think any college, you're going to find the girls that are getting after it. Right, but there's certain that have some fun. And they talked about how easy the females were. I'm sure the men
were easy too.
I think any college
you're going to find
the girls that are
getting after it.
but there's certain
that have a name
and he went there.
And he's a Spartan?
And he's a Spartan.
It's a big time
party school, man.
Were you locked down
when you were there?
Is that why?
No, I was a sophomore year.
I was locked down.
So you had a year.
It's like my brother when he went to college.
He's like, any advice for me?
I'm like, he went to Cornell.
I'm like, yeah, don't get a girlfriend.
He had a girlfriend two weeks later.
He's marrying her next week.
And I'm like, Jesus Christ.
So safe to say you had 50 and 39 your first year.
And then the next year you're just like, I've proved it.
I've proved what I need to do.
This is a dangerous road to go down.'s what i bring to the podcast ccha all yeah business like i can talk to anyone
about anything i'm like we're married oh yeah you got weird about something the other day on the
podcast oh you were talking he was we'll we'll go into that one later we'll go into that one i was
telling a stinky pussy story i know i was just like just like, oh, boy, here we go. And I was worried.
I was worried.
No, I know.
You know, now we meet people.
I met a guy and he's like, hey, I'm the biggest fan of the podcast.
My son and his whole team listen.
They love it.
I'm one of the coaches.
I'm like, how old?
He's like 10.
I'm like, oh, shit.
You don't listen to that?
Jesus Christ.
I was listening to the 99th and 100th episode on my flight from Detroit to Boston last week.
I was so into it, man.
And all of a sudden, the flight attendant at the suey is coming by.
She's like, you want anything to drink?
I'm like, I beat it.
I'm right in the middle of your story.
I was like, get out of here.
Oh, a stinky pussy story?
Yeah, we can keep any of each other from drinking on a plane.
I was pissed that the guys in the locker room didn't believe me,
but I'm glad the smell was still in the room so Yandel could prove it and tell it to them.
For pregame, I think we won that game.
You're welcome.
Yeah, Fiz didn't play it, but you definitely had a big day in the locker room
with the music and the stories.
The morale, man.
The morale.
Bump it up a notch.
I heard girls from Dickinson are fast.
What's that?
What's Dickinson?
Ask a millennial.
Oh, my God.
This is what he does, dude.
He throws stuff in.
It's the greatest comedy ball time in the animal house. Oh, animal house. Buzz K what he does, dude. He throws stuff in that's just It's the greatest comic book of all time, Animal House.
Oh, Animal House.
Buzz Killington, he called him.
Animal House, dude.
It's Animal House.
That's a common comedy, everybody.
In order to keep the flow of the podcast, me and Witt have to watch every movie from the 50s to the 80s that we didn't watch growing up.
The sound of live music.
I've definitely reduced the references.
Gone with the wind.
When they go over your head,
it's like,
all right,
then they just
make the air out.
But that's an Animal House
quote.
I don't want someone
to use it.
There's probably like
a hundred people
that are hardcore listeners
that every time you say
one of these old school
things,
they're like fucking
walking the floor
in their car.
There's like seven guys
and they all text.
They have his number
and they're like,
what do you think about that?
Did you see that
60s movie reference?
The guy's like, yeah, it was unreal.
We got an eighth guy coming into this group chat
next week.
Met him on Craigslist.
Alright, next year
you've got to be excited, right?
We're going to go back to the Bruins talk. You've got to be excited
where you guys had the year you had this year.
Who's coming back? I mean, this is kind of a
Stanley Cup season, would you say?
Yeah, for sure.
That's how we're approaching it.
We have a very similar roster.
A few guys here and there are missing, but we added a couple guys.
John Moore is a great dude.
Yes, yes.
American.
Yeah, American guys.
That's good.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal at all.
When I first started, I was one of like two Americans on the team.
Now we're like probably over 10 one it was probably a lot of
canadians yeah and that's when like brewing fans like boo the canadian anthem and you're like dude
the whole team's canadian why are you booing half your half your squad but like still i mean this
year um i think that you would have to say that you guys are if not the the top team in the east
one of the top three so for you do you not rush back because you know how good of a team
you're going to have?
I mean, if you're not healthy by the beginning of the season,
you know, you just got to take your time, right?
Yeah, I mean, you always want to be ready.
Yeah, you want to be ready.
Obviously working as hard as I can to be ready.
But we've got a great team.
You know, our young guys stepped in last year,
and obviously we're going to rely on them again, even more so probably this year, bigger roles.
Charlie's going to play big minutes.
DeBrusque on the second line.
What's DeBrusque like?
Is he out to lunch?
He's kind of a lunch guy.
He's a lunch guy.
All these young lunch guys, dude.
There's no hockey and Fortnite.
Awesome kid, though.
He's a ride.
Great guy in the locker room.
You look at him, and you're like, I don't understand how you play in the National League. Oh, really? He's a ride. Great guy in the locker room. You look at him and you're like,
I don't understand how you play in the National League.
Oh, really?
He's one of those guys?
A my style body?
How are you a pro at?
The boss has a bad body?
He's got a little...
A little milk body?
A little milk body?
She's like 19, though, right?
He's not that milky.
He's just like, he's got one shoulder up here.
Yeah, that's swagger.
He's got a lot of things going on.
That's his swagger. The guy's like 19 swagger. He's got a lot of things going on. That's his swagger.
The guy's like 19 years old.
He's so hairy.
One guy, I spent a little time with him yesterday, is Marshawn.
And what a nice guy off the ice.
He's the man, Marshawn.
He's all time, dude.
He's all time.
It's amazing how many people hate him.
Do they have any idea how nice he is off the ice?
No, not a clue.
But he doesn't give a fuck.
No.
When he licked that dude, what did you think?
Are you just like laughing?
There's so many things that he does, and I'm just like, what?
After the game, we're flying home.
I'm like, why'd you lick the guy?
He's like, I don't know.
Why not?
I loved it.
I love it.
I loved it.
And the fact that people get so mad, too.
And he's just like, I don't care.
He said just the other day, he got in a fight with a 14-year-old in the lobby of a hockey
rink because they were chirping him for licking people.
He'll argue with anyone, too.
He's like, I ain't signing your stick, you little puke.
He's literally the best guy ever, though.
I know.
People don't understand.
He's funny, messes around,
but then you just want to murder him playing against him.
Playing against you,
he'll probably do something to you someday
if you're not on the same team.
We had a couple tussles in practice.
I was going to ask you that.
Two undersized guys with edge.
He hates going up against me in one-on-ones
because I know all the moves that he's doing and stuff.
He'd rather go up against Big Z, I think,
because I just sit back and let him dance.
He goes under his legs.
Easy for him, right?
He's a great dude, though.
What do you got, Bri?
He's your classic, you know, you love to have on your team,
you hate to play against him.
He's probably the epitome of it in the NHL right now.
Just, I mean, by dint of his goal scoring, I mean,
you can put 35, 40 goals on you and also draw six penalties.
Dude, it's amazing, you know, what he's done, how he's made his career,
the way he started.
I think he was playing with Sean Thornton and Gregory Campbell.
Yeah, fourth line, yeah.
And then he got moved up in the playoffs.
I believe this is a true story.
After his first year, he went into the exit meeting,
and he told, was it, maybe it was Julian or the GM at the time,
and he was like, I'm going to get 20 next year,
and said that in confidence, came back the next year,
I think he had like fucking 25 or 30.
Yeah.
Pretty ballsy comment after your first year exit meeting
to say I'm coming in. I'm getting 20
The next year Christmas you have three and the guys
Dude
Remember that conversation we had where you buckled from the bender at the end of the year the night before
You have three tucks and you said you'd get 20 little midget. Yeah
I'm like, I'm gonna get 30 next year. I come back and he's just like, you know, what the fuck man?
You don't have a goal yet. I'm like I get 30 next year. I come back and he's just like, yo, what the fuck, man? You don't even have a goal yet. And I'm like, I meant 30 kills off the ice.
I had 30 in October, you fucking idiot.
Yeah, dude, you see that weekend?
Marci, I think on our podcast would be like when he retires guy.
Yeah, that's a hunter dude.
I was thinking that on the way out.
There's a lot of guys that you're able to come up and talk.
A lot of guys are just quiet.
But once they retire, I think they're going to be asking to come on.
Yeah.
You get a lot of stories that you don't want to give out while you're in and out.
Then they're asking to join your podcast.
Okay, so here it is.
Actually, he was right on the money.
He came in that first year.
He had 20 games played, no goals.
Marsh, he had no goals in 20 games?
In 0-9.
87 pims.
Then the next year, he came back in 77 games.
He had 21 tucks.
And the next year he had 28.
He was freaking out that year.
I remember him telling me.
When he had none?
Yeah, he was like, I'm getting sent down.
He's like, I'm just going to be in Providence.
You never dealt with that.
He never dealt with the minors.
But you have to remember, too.
He played.
You.
I played for a year.
After you came in for the playoffs?
No, so I played the whole season in Providence during the lockout,
and then playoffs got called up.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I thought you were talking about marching them.
He tells me stories.
He used to get jumped all the time.
Oh, I can't imagine.
Guys would sprint, like, waiting for a faceoff at center ice after a goal.
He said some mutant one time jumped off their bench, full sprint.
They're, like, lining up after a goal, dropped a stop, jumped him.
Well, you mentioned that
he was worried about that. He went 20
games, no goals, man.
I would say he's top six.
That's what he's looking at. Top six forwards and he's
undersized. So he's thinking, man, they just gave
me a 20-game segment. I didn't do
fuck all. I didn't even get one.
You never know, man. Guys get buried and fall through the cracks. I mean, look at a guy like Martin St. I didn't do fuck all. I didn't even get one. You never know, man. Guys get buried
and fall through the cracks.
I mean, look at a guy
like Martin St. Louis.
That guy's a Hall of Famer.
The guy might have not
even played in the NHL.
Calgary put him on waivers,
I think.
Yeah, and what if
he doesn't get scooped up?
How many stories like that?
I know.
So, I mean,
for an undersized forward,
especially in 2009,
I would have been worried too,
but that's probably why he went with that bold claim saying, I'm coming to get 20 next year. He's like, I got, for an undersized forward, especially in 2009, I would have been worried too. But that's probably why he went with that bold claim,
saying I'm coming to get 20 next year.
He's like, I've got to say something.
Yeah.
But it's crazy.
I mean, you think about when you're talking about him panicking.
When you go to the rink and you're not playing well, it's just the worst.
Like every morning you're nervous.
Like I'm not playing well.
All eyes are on me.
And then when you have the year you did this year,
and every day you're coming in, you're getting a point.
It's such a different ballgame.
Yeah, it is for sure.
Especially around our locker room,
everyone is held to such a higher standard.
When Berge and Zee are leading the way,
everyone expects you to be unbelievable every night.
So when you're not doing that,
you feel like you're just letting everybody down.
So if you're in a little bit of a rut for a few games, you come to the rink.
Especially in January when it's freezing cold out here.
Dark at 4 o'clock.
Five feet of snow.
Just go sit in the sauna for 20 minutes.
And you know that you actually probably shovel your own snow.
I'm sure you don't pay anyone to do that.
Going back to that minor talk.
You left Michigan State, was it March or April? You jumped in late in the season. shovel your own snow. I'm sure you don't pay anyone to do that. Going back to that minor talk, you left
Michigan State, was it March or April?
You jumped in late in the season.
I was with the team for two weeks and played two games.
Okay, yeah. I think you all
earned that first year off.
You cut your hair, too.
You had a flowing mane, if I'm not mistaken.
I had some locks, yeah.
Why'd you gas them?
I grow it out all the time.
This is still long right
now under here
oh it is
it's all tucked in
under there
yeah they were doing
the touch of rich
they were doing
the haircut
and charity thing
right after he joined
so he
like that week
Thorny's like
hey Kruger
he can call me
yeah he's like
hey check it out
like I do this charity
everyone shaves their head
he's like
are you willing to do it
I was like yeah I'm gonna tell going to tell Sean Thornton.
Yeah, exactly.
No, I'm all set, Thornton.
Say I smell you later, Thornton.
What are you going to do about it?
Was Thornton the one guy who had the key to the city who would bring you guys around, meet celebrities and stuff?
Yeah, he'll break in with a different key if he doesn't have the key to that building.
He was good.
He always had a place to go.
He was dialed in on the road
and knew the restaurants to go to.
He's dialed in everywhere.
He does a good job.
Is everyone aware that he was in the movie Ted?
Yeah.
He charged the stage. Did you know that?
He won.
What did he do?
He stopped one of the singers.
I forget what singer it was. This is where we need Grinelli. At the end of the singers. I forget what's his name. I never.
This is where we need Grinnelli.
At the end of the movie when they're doing the esplanade.
Did you see Ted?
I saw Ted.
Maybe I saw it then, but I was like.
Yeah, you were probably blasted like everybody in the movie.
I forgot what happened.
Like Ted.
I'm not exactly in there dead sober watching Ted.
Yeah, there's someone rushes the dude on the esplanade,
and it's Dwayne who jumps over the barrier.
Fighting scene,
gotta do it.
The only actor I noticed
was Avery
when he was in
the marathon movie.
Sean Avery was in that.
Really?
Yeah,
he's the guy who's like,
we got him in the boat
for the Wahlberg
Boston Marathon movie.
Oh, really?
Yeah,
I was like,
that was fucking Avery.
But yeah,
that's my story.
There's a few random
hockey players in movies
because a few of the guys were in the Judd Apatow movie. What was it? Oh, yeah yeah, that's my story. There's a few random hockey players in movies.
Because a few of the guys were in the Judd Apatow movie.
What was it?
Oh, yeah.
Hartnell and all them.
Jeff Carter.
40-year-old virgin or something.
Yeah, knocked up or one of those movies.
Yeah, maybe knocked up.
This wasn't planned.
Obviously, we can talk about Cam Neely in Seabass.
Seabass in Dumb and Dumber.
I wanted to get him on the pod.
He probably won't come.
I want to ask him why he stopped acting.
He was good.
He was talented. I had no idea pretty much until I came to Boston.
No clue.
That was him?
Not a clue.
Do you know that I saw him at the good gym in the Ritz there?
Yeah.
And so it was going into my last year of my contract.
And whatever, she's behind me.
I'm like, hey, Cam, Ryan, Whitney. You know, I play for the Oilers. She's just like, hey. I and whatever, she's behind me. I'm like, Hey, Cam, Ryan, Whitney, and I'm going to play for the Oilers.
He's just like,
I was like, what's going on? He's like, nothing.
I'm like, this guy hates my guts, dude.
Is he grumpy when you run into him?
I think he's a grumpy guy.
No, he's great.
He hated my guts, dude.
And when they show him on TV, when you guys give up goals,
I'm like, if that's Kruger's fault, he's done.
Imagine having to walk by him on the bus after a game,
after a loss. How do you think I play, Cam?
Dude, he's like one guy
on the ninth floor in the press box
when you're walking down the hall, you actually
get a little intimidated. You feel like he's just going to
bury you through the goddamn wall.
He's always like, please hit me, please hit me.
He's got a resting bitch face.
Oh, yeah, dude.
When Bax came to town, he was great. He's got resting bitch face. Oh, yeah, dude. When Bax came to
town, he was
great. He
does a lot of good things in the locker room, keeping
people involved and stuff, and gave
Cam a heads up that the boys
love the sea bass
thing. Really? Yeah, we
had missed the playoffs for a year
or two, and we had just clenched the playoffs
and Bax was like,
hey,
Cam,
go do something.
So,
it gets everyone quiet.
Everyone thinks he's going to say
something serious
and he's like,
who's the dead man
that threw the salt shake?
No fucking way.
That's unbelievable.
Especially when you expect
good tea,
I'd say boys,
and he just drops
the sea bass line.
It was a ride.
Oh yeah,
we went nuts.
That's phenomenal. Hey, they bring We were nuts. That's phenomenal.
Hey, they bring out the champagne.
It's over.
We won the cup.
We won the cup.
He did it.
He did a sea bass line.
He smiled.
He played, actually, he was in, do you ever see Monument to Dennis?
Dennis' very movie.
Actually, do you ever hear of it?
It's about Charleston back 20 years ago.
Another movie reference.
Do you know he's from Charleston?
No, but it's
You've never heard of it?
Cam Neely's in it, actually.
He plays a yuppie whose house gets broken into.
When he comes home, the burglar's still in his house,
and Neely is all scared of him and gets out of his way.
It's so against
So there's a passion there.
He must actually like being in film.
And I thought he had a skill set where he should have kept going with it.
Yeah, now he's like the president of the Bruins, probably to pick his battles. I don't think he can do in film. And I thought he had a skill set where he should have kept going with it. Yeah, now he's like the president of the Bruins.
Probably to pick his battles.
I don't think he can do both anymore.
You can't?
I don't know, dude.
I mean, I would like...
I mean, I work for the Coyotes
and I do a lot of freelance stuff.
Speaking of like getting jobs and stuff,
what's your contract situation?
I have two years left.
Two years left.
At what?
At what?
Five and a quarter.
Oh!
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go! He checks every two weeks. I miss him so much. At what? At what? Five and a quarter.
He checks every two weeks.
I miss him so much.
I would used to try to guess Yandel's check.
I think he was making five and a half at a time. Yeah, and Keith's just like, way more.
Yeah, Keith's good.
Keith's good.
So you're going to be  what are you right now?
20?
27.
29 coming up on the UFA.
Yeah, you're going to start another ticket.
Oh, I mean if you're  Are you a puck mover? another ticket. Oh, I mean, if you're a puck mover.
Was it 59 points last year if you're in that range?
You had 59 last year?
Oopsie.
Is that your career high?
Is that your career high?
Yeah.
That's my career high, too.
If you can put
No way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, dude.
He had pasta, Perjon, and Krejci.
I had Sid and Malkin.
You ever get a Sid sitting on the bench?
You ever had one of those?
No, I actually don't.
I had three that year.
Yup,
passed it to Sid twice,
Malkin another time,
and D-Zone changed.
Did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did, did Cha-ching. That's unbelievable. But this is like the delay breakout where you just skate up, drop it, and they go end-to-end.
Exactly.
Or they swing behind the net, pick it up, and you're like,
oh, that was a fucking great apple.
Yeah, but that's because you just took a clapper high and wide
and it rimmed all the way back into your zone.
He sets it up.
You set it up for him.
The luckiest assist I ever had I was on the bench for,
and I dumped it in and it hit weird out of the corner.
But our Edmonton Oilers defenseman played it wrong.
Shock.
Martin Hansel swooped in, passed it,
and I ended up getting assists while I was on the bench.
Had two assists that night and was second star in Edmonton.
Still minus two, probably.
No.
Just kidding, just kidding, just kidding.
But if you put up 60 points as a D-man,
you're looking now as a UFA, fuck, you're...
Seven.
Minimum seven. Seven. Let's just knock on wood. You guys got to as a UFA, fuck, you're minimum seven.
Let's just knock on wood.
You guys got to get some GMs on here.
I know a couple of GMs, dude.
I'm starting to get to know GMs.
Sort of. They'll text me back
maybe. You know what's going to be nice?
When guys our age
are... I know. Now we know everyone.
I don't know any of these old guys.
Really? That guy's a Hall of Famer.
I hate half of them too because they traded me too, know. I don't know any of these old guys. They're like, really? That guy's a Hall of Famer. I'm like, fuck.
And I hate half of them, too, because they traded me, too.
But now I'm like, let's get younger guys in there.
You talk to them about stuff that we know.
And then they're our buddies, so we can just ask them if guys can come on the pod.
Yeah, exactly.
All based on the pod.
Well, dude, I mean, what else we got for this guy?
Actually, Biz was asking about Thornton having the keys to the city.
What was it like running around with Tyler Sagan when he was in these pots still?
He was good, man.
I actually only played with him for a few months when we went to the finals in Chicago.
He was my roommate on the road.
So great dude.
Watch movies while he napped.
That was kind of brutal.
Did he?
Oh, and you were his laptop?
He doesn't play this laptop.
I don't know if he does now, but he had his laptop open.
He'd play a movie, and I'd just peel over and pass out.
Dude, so you put in headphones?
Yeah.
What am I going to say to the guy?
I know, dude.
He's got an absolute wrench on him.
He's sniping 40.
So you told the GM and he got dealt.
I don't think that's how it worked.
He's like, what?
He puts fucking movies on during his nap?
Trade his ass.
He's gone.
He's gone.
What was Kessel doing?
Oh, you haven't played the film, right?
No, I meant to get traded.
I would love to know the story of what happened there.
I think he wanted to be traded.
What, from Boston?
Yeah.
They knew what his contract demands were going to be,
and he basically held to it.
I think from people in the locker room,
I don't think he was ridiculously missed.
I think basically, he basically wanted to get paid.
He can't begrudge a guy for wanting to get paid,
but basically he kind of wanted to get paid more than he really cared about
playing for Boston at the time.
Torrey, you mentioned how you guys got some young beauties on the team,
a bunch of young guys.
Who is one guy on the team you've kind of taken under your wing
and kind of really looked out for?
That guy was Pasta.
Now he's grown up a little bit.
Now he's like, Kruger, grab me some tape.
No, not the clear of the black sock.
The pick, please. The pick.
Unbelievable, though.
He's grown up.
He's done well
for himself. You know he's going to be this good? Yeah. His work ethic. The guy loves the game. He's grown up. He's done well for himself. You know he's going to be this good?
Yeah.
I mean, just his work ethic.
The guy loves the game.
He's always got a stick in his hands.
He's one of those guys.
But the reason that that kind of happened, though,
is because I had so many great guys in that room.
When I first came in, it was like 40.
Looch is one of my great buddies to this day.
He would kind of teach you the ropes.
And I'm really proud that I was able to kind of play in that era
because it's so different now.
I know you guys tell stories all the time.
I don't even know what it's like.
I don't even know what it's like now.
But the fact that everyone says it's that different,
I should get to be on a team for a week and practice.
Teams should bring me in to see the difference.
Yeah, well, I mean, I find the team playing playing, not a big deal, with the Coyotes.
And yeah, it's
a little different. They have a little mix, and they
had Brad Richardson there
with a few younger guys that are
throwback style. But for the
most part, it's just, yeah, guys are quieter.
They don't speak up.
If you're on the bus, they don't talk at all.
They're texting each other.
Oh, man, after a win on the bus, we'd be getting rowdy.
Yeah, it'd be three times a year.
No.
When I started with the Coyotes, we made the playoffs the first three years,
and then the third year went to the conference final.
Shocker.
I was there at glory days.
But, I mean, it would be tons of no coughing with the beer open on the bus.
It would just be like, let's crack off.
Oh, man. Did you see Hazy's comment on that? Did you see it? No. of no coughing with the beer open on the bus. It would just be like, let's crack off.
Oh, man.
Did you see Hazy's comment on that?
Did you see it?
No.
That's a good move.
He's like, that's such a Kruger move.
You know what I'm talking about.
I never timed it right.
I always cough before.
I was like, I didn't even block the fucking can opening.
Damn it.
Well, dude, this guy's going down the Cape
so for people who don't know,
mad traffic. So we appreciate you coming up here. Thanks for having me. And dude, this guy's going down the Cape, so for people who don't know, Matt Traffic.
So we appreciate you coming up here.
Thanks for having me.
And, dude, we hope you're healthy, ready to go, man.
Another beast year, and then we get another payday in two summers.
Well, no, he'd probably re-up next summer as soon as July 1st hit
because that's what teams are doing now to keep guys.
I mean, Oliver Ekman-Larsen did it.
I'd imagine Tyson Berry's probably going to do it after this season too.
So, yeah, hopefully you have another 60-point year,
and we're looking at big boy money.
Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
And we appreciate this guy listening, even on the plane.
That's big time.
I'm trying to take credit for getting guys.
I did the first home visit, right?
Yes.
He's the first dude to ever come over to R.A.'s couch
that's now on the market on Twitter.
You can buy that couch. It's sold couch that's now on the market on Twitter. You can buy that couch.
It's sold.
We should get it.
It's not on the market anymore.
We should have got it embroidered with Spittin' Chicklets logo and the couch.
It already has the Bruins of retired numbers embroidered in the back, though.
All right, Kruger.
Peace out, buddy.
Thank you.
And this interview was brought to you by 4hymns.com.
It's pretty surprising.
Sexual performance issues are more common than you think.
Over 25 of new ED cases are guys under the age of 40.
And 40 of men by the age of 40 are struggling from not being able to get
and maintain interaction.
Like RA says, we can't all get our soldiers to salute.
And even the world's greatest actor can't fake one.
So why do guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing when they can turn instead
to medicine and science?
That's where 4hims.com comes in.
A one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual wellness for men.
4hims connects you with real doctors and medical-grade solutions to treat ED.
There's no waiting rooms, no awkward in-person doctor visits.
No one wants to do that.
No lines and it saves hours
by you going to 4hims.com.
All you need to do is answer a few quick questions
and chat with a doctor for a confidential review.
Severe ED isn't just an issue
for rich old guys in bathtubs.
It affects men in their 30s and 40s.
Being your best means performing your best.
It's erectile without the dysfunction.
Hard made easy.
Say hello to your little friend.
Try HIMS now for just 5.
We'll get you started for just 5 while supplies last.
See website for full details.
This will cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or pharmacy.
Go to 4hims.com slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey.
4hims.com slash hockey.
Huge thanks once again to Bruins defenseman Torrey Krug.
Great guy.
He's a great guest.
I always say all the time he's, what, 5'8"? He plays like he's 6'8 in the ice.
He's a hell of a player.
I enjoy watching him.
So, big thanks again to having him on.
Do you like his legs?
That was tough.
That was tough.
No, it was tough.
It's one of those things you say, and right when you say it,
you're like, fuck, that came out so wrong.
You only put more moves on him than the bottle service girl.
What the fuck are you doing, buddy?
Come on now.
He does have fantastic legs.
Thanks a lot.
True drunks.
Hey, wait until you see me with a tan.
But a very intellectual guy, very well-spoken.
Yeah, college guy.
Go figure.
I didn't know if it was rude to look up a guy's salary on capfriendly.com
while you're sitting right next to him, but he didn't seem to mind.
Not when you're making that much.
You're like, look, look, look.
Go ahead.
Look on, buddy.
Yeah, expand that a little.
Make that a little bigger for everybody here.
And that's his buffer contract for the next one, too.
Can you zoom in on that?
No shit.
So what else, boys?
We had a lot of fun talking about the upcoming golf match,
some other shit going on.
I think that wraps it up.
So any final notes?
No, I got nothing.
I mean, guys.
Team Whitney.
Yeah, Team Whitney, guys.
Let's really focus on me improving my game, figuring out some putting issues,
some leg putting issues, and we'll be ready to go.
And Chicklets is just going to be buzzing as I win that match.
They're going to be buzzing.
And if I lose, I might have to quit.
Fuck.
We're not even bringing that up again.
It's not happening.
It's a win for a win. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Yeah, positivity here. All right, boys might have to quit. Fuck. We're not even bringing that up again. It's not happening. It's a win for win.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Yeah, positivity here.
All right, boys.
Love you guys.
Love you too.
We'll see you next time.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye. And it won't take long to forget you. Time it passes fast.
It'll all be over in a minute.
You'll be in the past.
