Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing, but there is a simpler way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift, or searching for last minute deal to see your
favorite NHL team, SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest players of the year and SeatGeek will
get you closer to the action for great value. I personally have the SeatGeek app on my phone and
it is by far the easiest way that I found to shop for tickets. I can be anywhere and with just a few taps, I can instantly find seats. I just got some socks tickets a couple
weeks ago. Boom. They tell you exactly where your seats are, what kind of value you're getting.
There's no BS. There's no dirtbag scalpers you got to deal with. No IDs, none of that. You just
order your ticket. Boom. It's so simple. It's designed to make your ticket buying experience
easier than ever. And that's what it does does it saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prizes i'm
sorry compare prices to get the most bang for your buck seat geek grades every ticket like i just
said so you know what kind of value you're getting every purchase is guaranteed no dirt bags running
around the corner with your money disappearing you can buy with confidence make seat geek your
go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket from sports and
concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 20
off their first SeatGeek purchase.
That's 20 whole beans, man.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter
the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for
20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek. Right seat,
right now, right from your phone. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 105 of Spittin' Chicklets,
brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Let's say hello to the gentleman, producer Mikey Grinelli.
Hello, gentlemen.
Getting ready for your trip to Australia, mate.
Boy, Paul Bissonette, who is God knows where right now.
I'm back in Arizona.
I had an engagement party in Vancouver this weekend.
That's why I sound like I'm pretty much dead.
Just ripping Eagle Energy.
Cut it on the gram, no big deal.
And our boy, Ryan Whitney, in the middle of a pretty fierce rivalry
with a foreplay podcast.
What's going on, brother?
Episode 105, probably Riggs' average score on a golf course.
Oh, snap.
Yeah, I thought.
What up?
I think he tried to say we've had to bring business, a bump podcast.
Wait, no.
Yeah, was that what he said?
I'm pretty sure we dusted in them when it was just me and your wits,
but we can pull the receipts if we have to.
Can we say that for sure?
Pretty sure.
I mean, we were
I don't know, but, like, yeah, I would assume.
Yeah.
I mean, we love Biz, and he definitely brought us up to another level,
but, you know, we were beating them.
We were beating them before we had a good show.
Hey, what a chirp.
Hey, you guys had this sick podcast, then you added this really funny guy,
and now it's an even better podcast.
I wouldn't say I'm necessarily even funny.
I just bring a lot of sex stories.
You're a tattooed sex guy.
I promised them.
As soon as I said I was joining the podcast, I said if you guys took me on,
I would tell the House of No Return story.
So I'm'm gonna unleash it
later it's gonna be brought to you by eagle energy um you know it's a little aggressive
yeah it's yeah it's a little yeah it's come on wow wow wait have you ever heard the story
yeah i know the story i don't i've never heard it no i'm gonna say i'm gonna say just because
i brought this up before that a lot of it's it such a nice thing to hear, but guys say their kids listen.
So maybe if you're 10 years old, you just kind of put the earmuffs on
and you can get this one when you get to like middle school.
Yeah, like Shane Doan the other day, he told me he's going to come on
and he's like, yeah, I've been listening to my kid.
And I'm like, oh.
I'm like
You're like, Doan, you say frick instead of fuck what do
you mean oh that's one thing he's like man cheese and crackers you know sometimes you guys get
dropping f-bombs like crazy and and I said yeah I know I it's kind of a bad habit I wish I said
a little bit less I you know one time uh somebody said to me god damn it this is gonna bug me
somebody's like hey yeah it's great you guys
swear so much and it was an innocent it was a very innocent comment and then listening like
one time to one of the instagram highlights i said something like the instagram videos we put
up i must have said fuck 17 times in 27 seconds i was like i sound like such a loser yeah it's
really hard though not to do it, I think it's locker room.
It's locker room bullshit, eh?
When I get fired up, I get swearing.
I think it's a guy thing.
And, like, yeah, hockey, there's a lot of swearing in hockey.
It's a trashy thing, though.
It's a trash bucket.
If you do it, you're a piece of trash.
Yeah, same thing.
When you guys have posted a couple videos of me telling a story
and I drop, like, 17 F-bombs on Instagram. I get douche chills, man.
I'm like, damn.
Well, yeah, I know.
Yeah, I guess I just copied you.
Sorry.
My brother actually said he goes, wow, this was more than we do.
Huh?
I think last I think last week you just went heavy.
I used to swear all the time.
I made like a noticeable like a concerted effort to like stop saying it.
Yeah.
When did that effort go into effect?
It went out the fucking window.
So. So anyways, as far as NHL news, again, it's fucking tumbleweed season right now.
Basically, first off, Brent Seabrook we got coming up.
Duh, forgot to mention that.
Like that's pretty usual on the show.
Chicago Blackhawks defenseman.
He's part of Vancouver.
I'm sorry, Kelowna interview series with Biz and Grinelli.
That's going to be coming up a little later.
Just prancing around the league here.
Quick before the league.
Grinnelli, we talked last week.
Your big
going away party you had to pay for.
One, did you get any money?
Two,
you were back at the Grand this weekend.
What are you talking
about?
You're back at the same table on Instagram Saturday night.
I'm like, is this kid serious?
No, so I got the big boy table on this past Friday because I actually went to the ComAv Classic.
You know, Pete Frady's, Travis Roy's event to benefit.
You know about this?
I saw it on Instagram.
There's a lot of big names there.
Guys, let me just say this.
Before I get to that part, I get to this arena,
and the guy comes up to me, and he goes,
Hey, man, and I think, like, I did a little drinking before,
and I think I'm just going to be, like, up in the press box,
like, you know, taking videos or something the whole time.
And he comes down, and he pumps the guy next to him, and he goes,
Oh, hey, so you're going to be a guest celebrity coaching with Mike Aruzioni on the whole time. And he comes down and he pumps the guy next to him and he goes, oh, hey, so you're going to be
a guest celebrity coaching with Mike
Aruzioni on the BU bench.
I'm like, what the fuck? You kidding me?
They're like, dude, I'm usually the water
boy. Exactly.
And it's funny because we were getting off the ice
and Jack Eichel turns around and looks
at me and he goes, what the fuck are you doing?
Why are you on the bench?
Who won?
Who do you think?
B.U.
Thank you.
I think I could make a difference in that lineup maybe.
Oh, yeah.
I saw McAvoy.
Crowley's acting like he was actually fucking calling lines and matching.
Yeah, that 2-1-2-4 check I brought out in the third,
that was the big turning point.
I'm from Burlington.
Booting people like Matt Crocker.
But some of the guys were nice enough to take me out to the Grand After
and, you know, show me a good time and not make me pay like my dickhead friends.
So this was a free 99.
Hey, they always say it comes out all  what's it saying?
Comes out in the wash. Comes out in the wash.
Comes out in the wash.
And you all pay it forward.
And not only that, but you got to hang out with the big boys.
So, of course, you didn't get laid because there was all those studs around.
I was just going to bring this up.
That's the worst part because no one wants to come to us.
That should be easy, though.
First question.
First question.
Who do you play for?
Exactly.
What teams do you say?
Spitting checklets, baby.
My buddies are smart enough to lie.
I've had a couple of buddies lie about playing for teams
and end up getting notches.
That should be like being on a pile play with Gretzky, though, Grinnelly.
There should be enough girls that, you know,
you should be able to get some scraps out in front of them.
Residual kills.
Oh, residuals.
You get to take down the ugly ones, but, I mean.
Everybody needs love. Yeah, exactly. i've been doing it my whole life yeah hey i just always like you always i don't i mean i was gonna say i feel for you because you know you're at the
table with like all these stud young nhl millionaires and they're wheeling anything they
want you're just there but i don't like i never did feel bad for those guys when they were hanging around with us.
But, I mean, I could just picture you.
You know, you probably take it well.
You probably take it in stride.
You're not a lying type because you know you could get some peasant
and you're just like, yeah, I'm on the Canucks.
She's like, oh.
You know who I did talk to?
We had the same bottle girl as last time.
Oh, I was going to ask about her.
And she looks at me and she goes,
It's a different crew, huh?
She's like, what the fuck are you doing with these guys?
I was like, I have no fucking clue.
I would have been like, you mean my friends?
Oh, yeah, my best buds.
Oh, you think I just have one group of friends?
You're the Tobin Bridge crowd.
Bridge and Tunnel crowd, yeah.
I thought you left fucking town last week, you deadbeat.
Hey, Grinnelly, the night doesn't start off bad.
Because once you get in there and you just establish a table,
all the guys don't have women yet.
But the thing is, is by the time like 1 o'clock rolls around,
you're sitting there with your thumb up with that.
Because now they're engaged in combo and they're playing tummy sticks
and whispering the sweet nothings.
Oh, yeah.
Are you noticing their clothes just like way better than yours or you have
pretty good game with the, with the gear?
Clothes wise. I usually do, but we are coming from shoes. Oh, shoes wise.
Oh no. I have good shoe game. I have real good. Okay. Okay.
Yeah. I have real good shoe game. All right. I respect that.
What were you going to say? What were you going to say then?
Right before that?
Well, I was going to say, I thought if you were talking about clothes,
I mean, they're, they're all in these, in these you know nice threads coming coming out of the game
and i'm in well i was in i was in a nice uh like a barstool spitting chico's t-shirt but i mean at
the grand that doesn't really go over so well i know what are you doing dude yeah throwing a
i had a i had a sweatshirt tied around my waist too just to add on to it so speaking of like good-looking guys
that maybe go out to the club that are in the nhl unlike ellie tyler sagan boys little public news
out of dallas transition there uh talk about that segue that was sponsored by the wit dog
sponsored by the world's greatest fudge so yeah the world's greatest fudge. Yeah, the world's greatest fudge.
Tyler Sagan, boys, does not have a new contract.
He doesn't need one.
He's got a year left.
Sounds to me like he really wants to be there, and it's almost
his camp, I want to say his camp, him, has made it sound it's more Dallas
that's not getting this done.
Would you agree, or have you heard anything, Biz?
Yeah, I would say this.
Any superstar in today's NHL, and I don't think anyone on this podcast
is going to argue the fact that Tyler Sagan is a superstar,
typically are now getting deals going into the last year of their contract.
The minute July 1st hits, they have something worked out,
and they get it done.
Unless it's just a numbers thing, and it maybe takes a few months to hash out,
but eventually they do.
Keep in mind, this guy's on a ridiculously low-end contract as we speak.
I think he's signing.
I think I was making more than him.
Yeah, I think he's making, what, five and a half on this contract?
It's his last year of his 5.75 million a year deal.
Probably the best deal Shirley ever made, and he fucking treated him.
Yeah, exactly.
He deserves double that maybe.
Other than guys on entry-level contracts who are lighting the lamp,
he has one of the best contracts bargain-wise.
Now, if I'm him, I feel disrespected.
The fact that the conversation hasn't come up.
I mean, he's in the driver's seat.
He's done a great job there he works his balls off in the summertime at uh he works out with matt nickel all the guys at bio steel he's a toronto boy very dedicated to his off-ice
habits and i know i think he's committed to to making that team a lot better and the fact that
he hasn't even heard a word from them fucking rights i'd be pissed off he's in that echelon of guys who deserve to have a say so is that actually what the story is that
they haven't even contacted him well the fact that he was said in the media he's disappointed
and he's and he's went i don't with it yeah and he's he's an emotional guy he wears his heart on
his sleeve a little bit and and rightfully so i think it's bullshit that that that the negotiation
hasn't even begun so that just says like okay, do you guys even want me around?
And when you get to a level of his, right?
Like you're saying he's a superstar.
She's top 20 in the league.
And we saw Tavares and what happened with him.
It's almost like these guys now, if they go into their last year without a deal,
it kind of seems like they're going to be gone.
Because, I mean, I know I'm thinking of just of ours,
but Doughty's going into the last year of his deal.
This year it got done.
The fact that it doesn't get done, it's just like, will this ever?
Once the season starts, I feel like you don't see nearly as many extensions
going on midseason as you do in the summer.
So maybe they're ready to move on.
Maybe they have talked and he wants way So maybe they're ready to move on. Maybe they, they have talked
and he wants way more than they're willing to pay, but it seems like Dallas is making this
progression. I mean, I think that the past couple of years have been a disappointment in, in a,
in a sense because of the guys they do have up at the top of the roster, but it seems like they're
climbing. And if he's not there, you got to think that's just a huge loss for their entire organization goal scoring-wise, like marketing-wise.
I mean, he's exactly who you want to represent your team.
So the Bruins fucked it up.
It is Dallas going to now.
I mean, he is a point-of-game guy, so it's tough to blame the guys at the top
when they're putting up a point-of-game.
I mean, anyone who does that in today's NHL is, you know,
you're contributing to your team.
RA, I don't know, you might know more information about this.
Did they have that busy
of a summer where they had other priorities?
Absolutely not.
Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off there, buddy.
According to the blog I read,
Defending Big D, the blog
they've been covering the Stars for a long time, basically they
said they haven't talked extensively
since the draft.
They haven't really made any major moves,
which Jim Neal usually has pretty busy offseason.
So they haven't done anything.
It's not like they're spending the money elsewhere.
It definitely seems like Dallas is playing with fire kind of doing this.
I did watch the interview with Sagan because a lot of times, you know,
you see the word disappointed or disappointing in the headline,
and, you know, they play it up a little.
I mean, yeah, you could tell he'd rather be signed,
but I don't think it's like a gigantic deal quite yet.
I mean, you could tell he wants to be signed.
But even like the way the media puts it, like he said,
oh, he said several times he's disappointed,
and he repeated a bunch of times.
It's like, well, he's only repeating it because you guys keep asking him,
so he's answering each question individually.
They kind of make it sound like he's complaining more than he really is.
Not that he's complaining, bad choice of words.
But yeah, man, I think he probably looks around like, all right,
all these guys are getting locked up.
They're signing these big year deals.
I'm fucking only 26 years old.
I should be getting this money too.
So I don't know.
Maybe this is part of his negotiating through the media.
Maybe a kickoff.
I think the term disappointment is a very fair statement.
And I don't know. Is that pretty much all you have to say about it?
Yeah, yeah.
That's all I have to say about that.
That is.
I just would be shocked if they weren't trying to keep him
and do whatever they can because he's a stallion.
Yeah, he's the type of guy you don't want to let go.
We know that all too well in this town.
What else is going on in the hockey world?
Well, I will tell you, I've always been pretty open on this podcast.
Would you agree from the beginning, Rear Admiral?
100.
Pretty open and honest.
So I work at NHL Network, and I wasn't there July, August, September.
So I'm starting back October I'm a little overwhelmed right now like feeling like I don't know what's going on in the
league I'm gonna have to do a full-blown really research into rosters like do you ever start the
year biz now that you're working and see a guy you're like oh my god like I kind of didn't even
know he signed with them so I'm a little like I have some anxiety.
It's almost like back to school a little bit where I keep up,
but it's just like you kind of lose everything that's happened.
So being open and transparent, I don't know.
Well, it's like when you're in grade school and you have the summer,
you go back and you're like, what the fuck?
Never did the summer reading.
I never learned how to add. My mom, go do the summer reading. you're like what the fuck never did the summer reading i never learned it i never learned how to add my mom go do the summer reading i'm like yeah i did
it's unreal how many chapters three didn't read one page of it um now that's the one advantage i
have i work for the coyotes so i just have to know about coyotes news and i i think i'm pretty
caught up to to date and then whenever we travel to the city against team we're playing with
they got a stat pack like this big
and then I just have heater do all my homework
who's my other radio guy and then I just copy office
notes no it's good to do it
go to like TSN and then like just go
to what I usually do go to each page and it tells
you key departures key new arrivals
and that's a good way to kind of get acclimated
because so many guys do fuckers pay our rate
to do your homework. Yeah.
You know what?
I'm going to have the guys in NHL network.
Just send me some big time stat packs, a little, some, some, you know,
just quick kind of rehashing for, for,
for myself and just make it sure that I'm right on,
right on topic as the season comes.
I think October 8th will be my first night there.
So let's just go back to saving real quick.
What kind of money is he looking at in his next deal?
Is he a 9 million guy? A 10 million
guy? 11? How high is it?
He'll be what? How old will he be?
He's going to be 27 in January.
He's only 26 and a half
right now. He's that young
still. I would say if he signs
in Dallas, the fair deal is to give him
exactly what Jamie Benn got.
That's kind of the way Sid and Malkin did it. in Dallas, the fair deal is to give them exactly what Jamie Benn got. Yeah.
That's kind of the way Sid and Malkin did it.
I mean, I can't  Yeah.
I think it's just over 10 or it might be 10 on the nose.
I think a 10 million is a very fair deal.
It's no state tax down there.
So it's like tacking on basically another, I don't know, 800,000 or 700,000.
Yeah, nine and a half EF of Benn business.
Sorry, go ahead.
Okay, nine and a half.
Yes, I wasn't  I was close, 10. I thought it was 10. But, yeah, I think EF of Ben Biz. Sorry, go ahead. Okay, nine and a half. Yes, I was close, 10.
I thought it was 10.
But yeah, I think that's a fair number.
Now, talking about a guy of that caliber, Witt and R.A.,
I'm asking you guys, have you ever heard of what Adam Oates is doing these days?
He's got some sneaky little camp for private tutoring type of thing, right?
Yeah, but I don't know.
But doesn't he watch guys' games and send them stuff to work on?
He's like a private video coach.
Are they with him in person?
I don't know.
I remember Teddy Purcell was working with him a little bit.
What a beauty.
Yes.
Yeah, from what I heard he he might have potentially even been
offered a full-time job with oats but i think it started like that he started breaking guys down
down guys uh game tapes and it's uh and he would sit down with him he'd say hey here's where i
think you need to like you need to work on your game like here you kind of come up a bit when you
turn there and bought yourself some time well now all of a sudden the passing lane that you had was
close so stay down on it also i don't really like the way your curve's sitting down the ice come up a bit when you turn there and bought yourself some time. Well, now all of a sudden the passing lane that you had was close.
So stay down on it.
Also,
I don't really like the way your curve sitting down on the ice.
Most of the time when you're skating and you are making plays.
So Adam Oates has got into a level now where apparently all the guys in the
league are calling and asking to work with them and they're paying close to
about a hundred grand a pop.
What?
Yes.
For a year packet.
No.
Like I've, yes, heard jonathan tase just reached
reached out to him i heard uh connor uh connor mcdavid did like he's got a bunch of guys and
he'll go on now ice sessions with them and he'll he'll have them make adjustments to their games
we're talking about guys the best players in the world asking adam oats for their advice and he's
like the fucking hockey whisperer because more and more guys keep
popping up.
And guys wouldn't be dropping, you know, 80 to 100K to get this kind of stuff
done.
It didn't start there, but this is where it's gotten.
Well, now he's like, well, I'm not going to have time for these other guys who
are maybe paying like, you know, 5, 10 grand.
He's like, I'm just going to do the top end guys who were paying the big bucks.
Adam Oates was the sickest passer of the puck.
I remember like sawing my blade in half and then,
cause he had such a short blade. He would cut, he would cut the toe off.
So it was just a straight line. I remember I had that for a little while.
And I just think back to watching that guy set people up,
whether it was
brett hall cam neely i feel like everywhere he went there was obviously i mean part of it was
the other player but just a straight up sniper and you can't say that he wasn't a huge part of it
but being that skilled the question for me is like how do you originally get in like that means that
whoever he was with first,
he must have done such a good job with him that this guy,
we should try to find out who his first guy was.
I will say, I think he keeps things quiet.
Yeah, he doesn't flaunt it. There might have been a few articles written about it.
If one of them has been, I'm surprised that Athletic hasn't jumped all over it.
I feel like Elliott Friedman might've in his 30 thought things.
He does once a week about current NHL stuff.
I think at one point he talked to him about somebody who was working with,
I could be totally imagining that,
but maybe he'll be,
he's willing to answer questions,
but he certainly,
like you said,
doesn't flaunt it.
But I would like to know who started it because to think of making a
business is that's that successful. Say he's got four guys saying you're paying 80 to 100K.
I mean, if that's actually what he's making, what an amazing business he has
based on just how skilled he is, but he's got to prove it.
So he obviously did some amazing work with somebody to get him where he is.
So the first I'd heard of it, I think, was Peter Mueller,
who was a guy I used to play with in the Coyotes.
He was super skilled.
He played in Switzerland.
He played everywhere, right?
He had concussions, no?
Yeah, he suffered from some concussions.
He had a bad one when he was with Colorado.
He had an unbelievable rookie season with the Coyotes.
I think he scored
High pick, wasn't he?
Yeah, he was a high pick.
I think he was first rounder.
USA.
Gretzky loved him.
So Gretzky played the shit out of him.
He ended up getting close to 30 goals, I think, in his first NHL season.
But so I would ask him, what have you been up to at one of the skates we had
close to coming up in the season because he was in Scotts all the time.
And he says, oh, I've been working with Adam Oates.
I think he was in Oakville, Ontario, working on with him.
And he swore by it.
He goes, oh, man, it's awesome.
He breaks down your game.
He's not like aggressive.
He doesn't tear it apart.
He just tells you where you need work.
And like you said, these guys must be seeing the benefits,
and it must have gotten to a level where he can communicate to these guys
in a way where it's affecting the way they're passing.
Peter Mueller played hockey last year in Austria.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's still playing.
So he's still playing.
He's probably playing this year too.
Oates, I mean, for my money, man, I mean,
obviously Gretzky had the fucking ridiculous amount of assists,
but you can make the argument Oates is the best passer in league history.
I mean, Gretzky was a wagon, but he had the fucking huge team with him, you know, Anderson and
Kari and Messier. Oates had Neely and fucking Oates. Like he had a fight. I mean, I'm sorry,
Neely and how he had to like feed those guys basically his whole career. But I mean, his
numbers are incredible when you take a look at him. It's just watching what you said,
what he was the best passer of his era. I don't think there's really any doubt about it. And
I mean, Gretzky was on a wagon. Those teams just put points up.
But if you were to start drafting a number one center overall, man,
I don't think you could do worse than fucking Adam Oates, boy.
I just think it's amazing someone that good can now translate it
in order to communicate it to others.
Most people can't do that.
That's just having a special gift.
It's why Gretzky and some amazing players can't coach.
Like I can't imagine Sidney Crosby ever being a head coach.
Cause he's like,
go do that.
And then like Gretzky said to people,
go do that.
You're like,
I can't do that.
Like that's you who sees that.
I could never do that.
Sometimes they can't like,
they can't fathom how people aren't able to do what they're able to do.
I don't think they realize like,
dude,
you're the best of all time because you're the only thing you tell me that when when you guys
were playing together with sid and he one time he came up to you he's like he was frustrated
visibly and he and he kind of gave it to you about something and you're like man i don't even i still
don't know what the fuck you're talking about like our i think army's got great stories about like
sid talking i'm like and he's like i don't i can't even understand what you're trying to tell me on the bench let alone like i actually go out and do it
right there and put your stick on the ice yeah and then and then you like go from army's perspective
and sid's speaking chinese to him yeah it's making in sid's head it's like mozart music
and he's designing this play and and he's talking to Army.
It's just like jackhammer noises and ambulance noise.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Now, Oates is a smart guy, too.
He went to RPI.
He's a really intelligent dude.
I was going to say, how many people do you think could name the college
Adam Oates played at without looking it up?
Because I remember finding out he played at RPI.
I said, what?
That's Matt.
I never watched him play.
I don't know what he brought.
He was, like, a different era than me,
and I don't think he played for any team that I watched.
At that point in my life.
Playmaker extraordinaire.
He just threw straight-up silky, smooth tomato sauce all over the ice.
It was like if you have like meat sauce like ragu that you were chucking biz,
this guy was just  it was like feather sauce laced with silk.
You loved your own joke there.
Yeah, I did.
I was trying to think of the word silk and when i remembered i was so proud
since i'm sick and tired of hearing you guys stroke off adam oats uh we have brent seabrook
coming on and of course the chicago blackhawks which they get a lot of attention just because
of their their recent past uh you know i guess they're kind of the story of topic coming into
the season is regards to not many moves in the offseason.
And there's some things that I want to ask Seabrook I couldn't really get into.
I didn't have both you guys helping me out.
But how do you feel about them going into this year?
I think it all hinges on Corey Crawford's health.
Nobody can seem to really get an answer what exactly is wrong with him.
I don't know if it's a concussion thing. There's been, like, rumors, but they haven't confirmed anything.
But I think if he's back, man, he's a number one goaltender.
We've seen what he can do in the regular season and playoffs.
And he's, you know, he's easily fucking seven, eight wins.
A different addition spit it out.
Addition of at least seven or eight more wins,
and that's the difference between getting the playoffs.
And, you know, I think guys will probably play a little better
than they did last year as well.
Well, in times like this, you kind of got to lean on or rely
and see what big-time fans of the Blackhawks have said.
And I know we talked to Brent Sopel recently,
and he shit all over Barstool Chief, the Chicago Blackhawks man.
But I know in watching him go through the draft and free agency,
he was distraught. He couldn't get over the fact that I think he kept tweeting out like this can't
be all they're doing. Like they have to be doing something more than this and they never did.
So to get swept two years ago, last year, they don't even make the playoffs. It's kind of a
scary time. And you're right about Corey Crawford. That's such a huge factor. I mean, right when he went
down, they were screwed. But to have a season like they had and then not do that much in free agency,
if you're a Blackhawks fan, you got to be a little nervous.
I think that, I think probably the biggest move they made was with the Coyotes and getting
Hoss's contract off their books.
And really, other than that, I mean, they got Kruger back.
He helped them win a cup.
Is that how you say it, Kruger?
Yeah, Kruger.
Yeah, that's how you say it, for sure.
Yeah, well, they got him back.
He was there when they won one of their championships.
So it should be interesting.
I think that a lot of things didn't go their way last year, losing a lot of one-goal games.
And, hey, you guys touched on it.
That could be goaltending.
I also heard a story.
Joel Quinville was a huge John Wilson fan,
and we ended up getting him last offseason for Murphy.
And Quinville was fucking fuming.
Like, he loved John Wilson.
He wanted him on his team,
and apparently Stan Bowman wasn't the biggest fan.
And sure enough, he kept playing the shit out of him,
and then Stan Bowman's like,
all right, well, now you're not going to have him to play him,
and that was that.
I'll say this, man.
I loved him on the Coyotes last year.
He's an unbelievable defender.
I get that he doesn't bring a ton offensively,
but he is, when I say a shutdown defenseman, he is so agile, so quick, such a good stick. He's an elite defender. And
we ended up re-upping him. I think the Coyotes overpaid a little bit for him, but to have a guy
like that around teaching also younger D-men, you know, how to be professionals, because he carries
himself unbelievable off the ice too. This guy works his nuts off in the gym, and it's just  he's a good guy to have.
He's making five for next year and the year after.
That's a significant amount of money for a defenseman who just defends.
I heard the same thing that Quenva wasn't even asked,
and all of a sudden he was gone.
Yeah.
Totally like what the fuck.
Yeah, you're not going to evolve.
Your coach has won you three Stanley Cups in recent memory with him.
With John Wilson being a core piece of that group?
Come on, meow.
All of a sudden, a 20-minute guy who eats shots for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
He's like Glenn Wesley in the cup finals when Carolina beat Edmonton.
Remember Glenn Wesley, dude?
He blocked 9,000 shots in that series.
Johnson does that every game, and so I'm sure right away.
I think it's hurt Chicago, too.
I mean, I know they've tried to replace him, but big time.
One thing, I actually looked the other day.
I was trying to pull up some Stanley Cup odds because, yeah,
the Blackhawks are a team I'm curious about.
You know, ever since we started the podcast,
people are always asking us for advice.
You know, what team do you like
this week? You know, the bottom line is, we
don't know who's going to win. You know, we think
we know, but we don't. So that's why you guys got to check
out MyBookie. You know, because who you
bet on, it's just as important on who you're betting
with. That's why we're always telling people
how it's on our listeners here at Spit and Chick.
Let's go to MyBookie. Trust us, guys
and gals. They're the best bet this season.
They've been in business for years.
They have great reviews online, and their mobile site is so easy to use.
So lay down some cash and win big today.
We'd only recommend this service to our listeners.
I'm sorry.
We'd only recommend this service that's been good to us, to our listeners.
So that's why we're telling you to play with my bookie.
They get in-game live betting, the most rewarding perks in the business.
And for you fantasy guys out there, you can even bet bet the ou on how many fantasy points a player will score for the very
special degenerate in your life so join now and my bookie will match your deposit dollar for dollar
use the promo code spit to activate the offer visit my bookie online today that's m-y-b-o-o-k-i-e
and don't forget to use the promo code SPIT when creating your account to claim the bonus.
You play. You win. You get paid. So hopefully
those lines will get up there soon, Whit, so we can go ahead and drop another few G
before the fucking season even starts.
I need something. I'm cold again.
The worst thing, I actually want to email Erica
and see if I can expense all my fucking Saratoga losses
from Boston being up there last week.
It cost me about fucking a nickel a day, for Christ's sake.
I know.
I guess this would be a good time to bring up
what we got coming up for this season.
Once we launch two episodes,
we're going to introduce some new segments,
one being Gambling corner for RA,
which hopefully my bookie might even jump in and sponsor, which would be a great idea for them.
But Hey, listen, if regarding even football games, all right, I don't really, I'm not a great
gambler. I think I know who might win, but, but I mean, professionals like you. And when I say
professional, I mean, you've got a lot of reps, not necessarily a lot of wins. It'd be good to get your advice.
And then I'd also like to get Witt jumping in that corner with you
to maybe to keep you honest, maybe to say,
I'm not too sure about that game and here's why.
I'll just pipe down during that segment.
I'm not too sure about any game.
Yeah, no, that's sometimes actually a good perspective, Paul,
to get someone who doesn't gamble because they're approaching them mentally
from a totally different perspective.
You'll come in with something that degenerates
like me and Wits might not even say. It's kind of true.
It's like the girl in the office
winning the NCAA pool.
It's just like,
wait, how did you know that? Is that bad
to say? I don't know. No, it's
great. It's great.
It is true. A non-gambler will be like, wait,
you guys, this team never has beat this team in the-gambler will be like, wait, you guys,
this team never has beat this team in, like, the last six years. And we're like, yeah, you're right.
Why aren't we just sticking to, like, the easy facts?
Yeah, basically what you're saying is girls are smarter than us.
So, yeah, I mean.
No, that's just.
You nailed it.
So, anyways, boys, so you only think,
should we send it over to Brent Seabrook or what?
Yeah, well, I mean, if you guys let me tell my story first.
I need to hear it.
Let's do it then.
Oh, yeah, you got the Eagle Energy story, right, Biz?
Yeah, they didn't want me to read it out again.
They wanted me to tell another story.
And so this story is going to be brought to you by Eagle Energy.
Of course, promo code Biz20.
They've been getting a lot of sales, and, you know, they're pumped.
They've been excited about this partnership.
So thank you to all our loyal spit and chicklets fans in purchasing that.
And the more you do that, of course, the more they're going to buy ad reads.
And I guess the more crazy stories you're going to hear.
So here it goes, the house of no return.
Um, I want to remind everyone that this is in my past.
And at the time I was single and I was, you know, having a good time in life.
You're single again, aren't you?
Yeah, I'm single again, you know, having a good time in life. You're single again, aren't you? Yeah, I'm single again.
You know, tough balance there.
But in that time in my life, it was a pretty crazy time.
I was experimenting with a lot of things.
And I just, you know, want to let everyone know that.
So, all right, here it goes.
So, when I was with the Coyotes, the year we went to the conference finals,
in the second round, we played Nashville.
We ended up beating them out in five games.
Game five was at home.
So I think it was a Sunday or a Monday.
Not a great night to go out in Scottsdale,
but there was one place called the Pussycat Lounge,
not a strip club.
It was like a little nightclub.
That was, you know, that was the place to go.
So we knew that we weren't going to be playing
for about a week because of the layover because L.A. made quick work of the team
they were playing against, and the East still hadn't finished their series,
and they were going to have to stall us in order to start the conference finals
around the same time.
So, you know, I would say there was probably at least eight of the boys
that we go out and we have a good time.
Some guys bring their girlfriends, and I think there was a couple guys
who had their wives there. Well, there was a girl that i'd been hooking up earlier in
that season who i ran into when i was there and she came up and tapped me on the shoulder like
hey how you been we talked for about 10 minutes um you know he's like oh good to see you yeah like
whatever small talk she she left well i get back to partying we're at our table and then all of a
sudden i get another tap on the shoulder i turn around and and it's it's a rocket night like gorgeous girl a scottsdale
rocket scottsdale rocket and your typical scottsdale girl like you know fake breasts
blonde hair like beautiful you know blue eyes and uh so i was i was a little startled i'm like okay
like whoa like hello like what's up she's like oh you know my friend amanda. I'm like, okay, whoa, hello? What's up? She's like, oh, you know my friend Amanda.
And I'm like, oh, yeah, yeah.
Obviously, you know how I know her.
This conversation has already happened over there.
I'm well aware now that you've established that.
And she's like, yeah, what are you doing after the club?
And I was like, well, I'm probably just going home.
She goes, well, why don't you come over?
We have, like, sex toys and stripper poles.
And all of a sudden sudden I'm like,
what the fuck is going on right now?
And then I look past her and what looks like her boyfriend or husband
is right there.
And I'm like, oh, hey, man, what's going on?
And sure enough, it was his longtime girlfriend.
So they invite me over and, you know, I say, all right, like, let's go.
So eventually we end up leaving.
And they told me their house was on on shea
shea boulevard which is like a pretty common road in scottsdale well it was all the way up
shea so this place was a bit of a hike it was i would say it was about 45 minute drive
from the club so we get there and it was as advertised like you walk in there the techno
beats are flying there's like strobe lights and it's pretty chaotic
and there's also girls that were there that were not at the club and when i there was girls of
every ethnicity i thought i walked into a fucking united nations meeting or something
so you know it was obviously a little weird at first but you know these we were having more
drinks and and things are getting weirder. And then,
you know, obviously the crazy stuff starts and, you know,
I'm in one room with one and then the next thing you know,
I'm in one room with another one. And then all of a sudden the shower pops on
and then there's another one in there. And then like, it was for,
for about an hour, once it got going, it was pure chaos.
It was like a fucking movie scene.
You're just putting so many girls on your workbench yeah um yeah i mean there yeah there was a cuban there was an asian girl
so like the peak of the night i end up in the the boyfriend and girls room and we're on this
huge leopard print beanie bag chair and i'm on one side and he's kind of on the other so i could
kind of see like the top of his shoulders.
And like, if I looked over, I'd be able to like lock eyes with them.
Well, I'm, you know, I'm getting something done to me.
I don't have to go into fucking details.
You guys are smart enough.
And he's getting the same thing done to him.
No, no, no tongue darts that night.
Although, you know what?
There probably was in that hour stretch where it was chaotic.
There probably was at one point.
there probably was in that hour stretch where it was chaotic there probably was at one point um so i'm enjoying myself and and i hear from from the other side of this beanie bag chair
hey hey it was like a huge beanie bag chair it's a bean bag not a beanie bag it's not a beanie
oh okay sorry so a bean a bean bag chair sorry so all i hear is is the the girl who approached me
at the club say hey hey such and such do you mind and he goes whatever makes you happy and i'm kind
of like confused by the comment well all of a sudden she walks around and kind of gives my
my girl the shoulder tap to kind of beat it and she gets down and she starts doing her thing and and and i can i i feel so uncomfortable
because yeah you think because i can feel the the eyes i'm surprised it wasn't a soldier
knowing your other story right and and that's where it correlates to the other story where i
would never ever do that knowing it going in but but she was so attractive that i i could i didn't
have the power to say no so she starts
going to work and it was like she went to work for about like two minutes and and then she and
i think she could sense that he was getting a little uncomfortable too so she ended up just
like why right and she ended up walking away and and going back to him and and then all you know
then then obviously at some point i went to sleep and then the next the next morning i get a knock
on the door and it's him and he's like hey man like me and uh me and my girl we're going
out for breakfast did you want to join us and i'm like sure so like i end up going out the breakfast
of them and we're i mean we're sitting across each other yeah but i ain't paying
and and the the reason why i labeled at the house and no return is because, I mean, it got so crazy there and the cab would have taken 40, like 30, 45 minutes to get there because it was so out of the way. And then 30, 45 minutes back to my place where, you know, it was kind of, you're in the house of no return where you were there, you were, you were stuck there. There's no way you were calling, preparing to call a cab because you were in the midst of all this chaos.
to call a cab because you were in the midst of all this chaos i mean i mean i ended up going back a few times but then i just had to kind of ban myself from this place because it just i mean it was it
was just like a like just a fuck palace like a sex show yeah it was like an eyed wide shut meta un
meeting slash you know it was it was it was was, it was a crazy time in my life.
And it's like the model UN, but with models.
Yes.
I mean, you could have it at that.
And, and, uh, sure enough, when I was actually during the lockout, I was over playing in
Cardiff and a few guys, uh, who were going to play for that team that year had went over
to that house.
And, uh, I got a message saying that the boys had, and I'm like, Oh geez,
how the boy's doing. And they're like, they're like, you,
you named it perfectly. We got there and.
We didn't believe you. And then we saw it. We're like, Oh my God,
biz told the truth. Every word was the truth. Yeah.
This I know, I know like millennials don't give a shit about AIDS.
They don't worry about it.
Cause they didn't have a Magic Johnson incident.
But what's the situation with condoms in a place like that?
You don't have to answer for you personally,
but just in a situation like that, are they there or do people not care?
Well, I mean, I'm always protected.
I just tie the foreskin up and nothing's penetrating that.
You guys know, right?
Dude, you're saying you'd cut some foreskin off and put it on my blister in
the golf match it's such a meaningful thing to me i know i would have stapled it right on there but
that's like a best i mean going back to that story it's it's not like i i guess it's not like the
craziest story but i mean for a professional well an ex-professional athlete to tell it is
and i'm pretty open about my like my sex stories like i really don't care i don't put sex on a pedestal i hope no one's offended by them i don't name these people's names and
and i'm assuming that they're really you know won't put sex on a pedestal even if they're at
some house and jumping on stripper poles just kind of warming up for the show to begin when
when everyone gets back from the club what do you mean by put sex on a pedestal exactly like some people are like oh
how could you do that like there's other people involved like they would never talk about their
personal sexual experience fuck that if you're not throwing anyone's name out who gives a fuck
right roll by hey but man i mean fuck who knows like some people might be offended by this story
they're not made out for spitting chiclets, I guess. Go listen to foreplay.
Right, I know.
Well, I mean, I kind of did touch on the foreplay a little bit.
Yeah, true.
They tried saying that Riggs Bozo, I mean, he's like Happy Gilmore
and I'm like Shooter McGavin.
Dickhead, do you not know Happy Gilmore played hockey
and then became a golfer?
You didn't play hockey.
I'm Happy Gilmore.
Oh, boys, let me just touch on that.
And this is my Mr. Larson.
Exactly.
That's this common man quite like Harvard, too.
And I just want to also reiterate that story was brought to you
by Eagle Energy.
There's a lot of some things I left out, but those are the Coles notes.
And it was an aggressive night. so if you ever get asked to go
to the house in no return
I suggest you do it maybe a few times
but then don't go back after that
that had to be a house with some
unnatural energy
Coles notes like Canadian
they were eating disco biscuits like they were MM's.
Let's just put it that way.
It was a nice dispenser with disco treats.
All right.
Should we go to Brent Seabrook?
Yeah, I think Seabrook's like, that's what I'm getting let in on?
Nice segue, boys.
You guys have a nice Quimble story, though.
He has a fun Quimble story I really enjoyed.
And once again, I wish you guys were there to have joined me
because there were some things I might have left out.
But I hope everyone enjoys this Brent Seabrook interview
because I had a good time talking to him.
This interview is brought to you by Herbal Active.
It is the CBD company I told you about last week,
about how I've been using it.
It's been helping with my anxiousness when I wake up.
It helps with anxiety, helps with depression.
They also have balms.
I didn't talk about the balms last week, guys.
What?
No, Biz, I want to jump in.
I actually had the balm.
I let my mother-in-law.
She's got bad feet.
Perfect.
She put it on at nighttime.
She got up the next day, and she was real apprehensive
because every time I tell old people anything to do with with hemp or weed they think I'm just trying to
get them like stoned I'm like no no this is non
THC I says just put it on
and let me know and she goes she said probably went
to bed the next day I didn't feel anything this stuff
this stuff works so I wanted to
give you testimony swear to god no bullshit
that's well okay so that's
amazing thank you that's like a little tutorial
mid interview I was like I thought you were interrupting
my fucking my little read here.
I was buzzing too.
Hey, well, that's a different read.
No, but yeah, I was actually going to talk about the balms today too
because after workouts, inflammation, you don't even need it.
You just rub this stuff on and it really takes its course.
I'm actually surprised that more massage parlors
don't carry it as their actual lotion. It's like a no brainer. I mean, I, I, I'm pretty sure I just
gave away a million dollar idea. So, but, but, but other than that, I've been having a lot of
benefits from it. Uh, they've been getting crazy amounts of orders because obviously people are
affected by the things that I was talking about last week. So they're going to, they want you to want you to know that once again,
they're offering that 20 off. It's herbal active, U R B A L A C T I V.com and a biz 20 promo code.
Same as all the other companies I endorse. And a couple of people like chirp me online about,
you know, some of the things I've been endorsing. I won't endorse something the way I do unless I
truly believe in it. Like I did Eagle Energy during that whole commercial shoot. I loved it.
And I jumped on board with them and I want to promote it because I like it. Of course,
Warrior New Balance is another one that I plug a lot. I wear New Balance almost every day now.
But this herbal active stuff is awesome, and I'm going to keep using it.
You should try out the Balm because a lot of people have been asking me online
which one to use.
The Balm is more for, like, your muscles.
I would say, to me, the Drops is what I take helps more for the mind.
But I'll be taking both now and already.
I'm glad they sent some over to you.
And you said your grandma used it?
No, my mother-in-law.
She has, I think, a neuropathy in her foot,
and I know people with arthritis rave about her too.
I think just, Paul, just kind of getting people over the stigma
because they hear hemp and they automatically think weed or whatever.
It's like, no, it's similar, but it's not like that.
It's the medicinal without the getting high factor.
So anyways, Herbal Active, go check it out, uh let us know on our instagram and twitter how you how you feel about it because
uh we've been getting good reports and we want to keep getting them so all right now heading off to
the interview huge guests this week on the podcast uh my old teammate humble brag Canadian boy
Brent Seabrook
Seabs welcome to the podcast
thanks for having me Biz
and
I mean
where do we start
I mean we could go back to junior
but I'd rather fast forward
to our time together
playing for Team Canada
under 18
it's both summer and
I guess you could say winter
but it was in April.
Yeah, the end of the season.
End of the CHL season.
And Lethbridge was out of playoffs over the Saginaw Spirit,
and we linked up and helped Team Canada at the Under-18 World Championships
in Yaroslav, Russia, win a gold medal.
That was the first time Canada had ever won
the Under-18 World Championships.
Was it?
It was, yeah, you're right.
Yeah, it was a fun tournament.
It was a blast.
I remember going over there,
and we had some guys that we played with in the summer,
so we had some connections there and things like that,
but coming together for two weeks with a bunch of guys
from all across the country was pretty special.
Well, it wasn't special the first round in the summer one because I don't know if you have a long memory,
but Dion Phaneuf was mentally abusing me.
He was sawing my wood sticks, and I would be going out there for practice taking shots,
and they'd be breaking left and right, And I was running out of sticks at this tournament
and you guys finally let me know.
And I thought maybe you'd have my back, but you didn't.
No, none of us had your back, I don't think.
That was pretty funny.
I remember you coming down and you were so serious
and you were trying to snap those pucks
and I think you're the only guy with a wooden stick.
And so we were all giving you crap and having fun with it.
Was it Dion?
I think it was Dion.
Dion and a few of us, we all decided to cut some sticks down.
Then you weren't shooting that hard in practice the next day.
You weren't shooting.
You weren't doing it right.
We're like, what's going on with this guy?
He's got to be able to break one of these things.
They're half cut down.
So we were getting all over you and then you came down and you you got mad and you took a slap shot and i think you fell on your shoulder and slid into the boards because the stick broke
right away it was pretty uh and then and then i and then i and i i thought it was a stick went
and grabbed another one and the same thing happened and then everybody was kind of giggling
and then i figured it out and by the end that tournament, I only had a few wood sticks left
and then Dion ended up handing them out to a few people.
A few fans.
Brent Seabrook chewing gum on my podcast.
A little bit disrespectful.
Kind of like you not telling me about
Dion Furnuff sawing my sticks at under 18s.
Oh, it was a good time.
But then we reconciled and then we won the gold
and then won it again.
Yeah, won it again yeah won it
again yeah i mean a lot of great memories from back then playing uh you know meeting guys is
sort of our first time i think playing in a tournament where we had guys from across canada
and and things like that i remember playing with like you know richie and jeff carter oh my god
all the guys from the east should we remind everyone we were the greatest nhl draft of all
time the o3 draft yeah i mean we could we could were the greatest NHL draft of all time, the 0-3 draft?
Yeah, I mean, we could.
I mean, I was a fourth-rounder.
You were that late?
Yeah, I know.
I know somebody lost a job, one or two.
I was fourth-rounder Pittsburgh.
But that first round that year,
I think everyone ended up playing an NHL game.
Yeah, I think.
At least.
Yeah.
You had guys like you who, I think. Yeah.
You had guys like you who, I mean, you're over 1,000 games already,
and you're 33, correct?
Yeah.
Which is insane because we had Wade Redden in here earlier,
and he was, you know, he'd just reached 1,000 towards the end of his career.
I'd imagine you have a lot more time left.
Dion Phaneuf was another guy who got drafted.
Richards, Jeff Carter, Corey Perry, Ryan Getzlov. was another guy who got drafted richards jeff carter uh cory perry ryan gets love the prese we had uh mark andre flurry was first yeah suitor um made patrice bergeron was the second rounder
so was shea weber yeah it was it was it was ridiculous and uh that's probably why when we
weren't expected to win the world championships just because you're missing a lot of the good players who are that age to playing in the,
you know, the CHL playoffs, our, our C squad went over and just dominated.
Yeah, we were good. I mean, we got, we got a little bit of luck, but we played well.
We came together as a group and I think, you know, in a short tournament,
I mean, I've played in a few of those, you've played in a few of those, you know,
like you got to come together quick. And, and, uh, when we did, I think the summer camp helped out a few of those. You've played in a few of those. You know, like you've got to come together quick, and we did.
I think the summer camp helped out a lot playing on that team.
A lot of guys played on that team.
We had Coburn and Sean Bell and a bunch of guys that came
and played in the second tournament,
and it all helps out when you come together quick.
I got a little fun fact about that.
So I'm a superstitious guy when I played early on in my career,
and the first tournament I did not beat off for an entire two and a half, three weeks.
Because you had to make the summer camp, right?
So there was about a week training camp.
And then we went overseas for about two weeks, maybe a little longer.
And we ended up winning the gold medal.
So could you imagine a 17-year-old kid who hasn't busted a nut in three weeks?
I was fucking so irritable.
And then we ended up going to the next one.
And I didn't do it the entire next time.
And I was hanging out with BJ Crombie and Carsello the whole time.
And they were like, man, you need to go on leash, man.
Because anything would just set me off.
And sure enough, I held out.
And pretty much the reason we won both golds.
That's right.
Maybe you should have done that throughout your career.
Could have gone celibate.
I played in Arizona in Scottsdale.
That would have been extremely difficult.
Could have turned it around.
Yeah, not happening.
Let's go back to your junior career.
So if I'm correct,
you were first overall pick in the Bantam Draft, right?
No.
No?
No.
God damn it.
No, I was sixth overall.
I think Braden Colburn was first overall. That's right. God damn it. No, I was sixth overall. I think Braden Colburn was first overall.
That's right.
God damn it.
And then I went a goalie in three forwards or something like that.
Who was the goalie?
That's usually not a good answer.
I'm going to screw his name up.
But Tri-Cities, I think, took a goalie.
And he never even got drafted?
That's a tough bounce.
No, it took McDonald maybe.
Or Stephen Meyer was in there.
I think he played with us in one of those summer things.
Went to Medicine Hat.
Yeah, I was sixth to Lethbridge.
I can't even remember that draft.
I was at school.
I was like, what?
It still confuses me why they draft guys a year earlier than they do the OHL.
It seems like more of a gamble because some kids, that extra year helps them develop,
and then all of a sudden you've got the player that you didn't realize you had and vice versa.
And then you get drafted by Chicago.
Did you make it right out of camp after your first training camp?
No, the first training camp was...
A lockout year.
The first training camp, I think, was my 18-year-old year,
and then my second training camp was lockout year.
So I wasn't ready to play as a 17-, 18-year-old,
and then the next year,
maybe, I don't know if I would have made it or not,
but I still had another year of junior, and we had the lockout, obviously.
So I went back, and that was great.
I went and played Norfolk for nine games
at the end of my junior season.
And then the next year,
I was lucky enough to make the team.
Yeah, right away.
I mean, that's the only time in the AHL you spent.
They sent you there after your junior career,
as you mentioned.
Do you think that that little bit of taste
of professional hockey helped you
for training camp the next year?
Yeah, for sure.
I think anytime you get a chance to play with, with bigger bodies, men, um, you know,
bigger kids, I think it's, it's good for your development. I think, uh, you know, as, as a 15
year old, I played junior B, which was a 20 year old league. And, uh, I mean, we had 10, 20 year
olds on our team. We were playing against team with 10, 10, 10, 20-year-olds on our team. We were playing against a team with 10, 20-year-olds,
and I think there was five or six of us 15-year-olds in the league,
and then everybody was sort of scattered throughout it.
But, you know, it taught me a lot about playing with men and bigger boys.
I'm 15 years old.
You learn you've got to fight and you've got to piss somebody off.
You've got to answer the bell, things like that.
You go into the corners. I mean, in Junior junior B nobody's making money or anything like that but
they're all competitive they want to win you know it's that competitive juices that gets flowing and
it's it's good for a young kid to to deal with a man at that age and and I was able to to protect
myself and we had a lot of guys on our team that protected me and another guy we had two 15 year
olds and I think it was really good for my development and uh going to Norfolk too you
played with a couple guys that ended up being parts of that core group which ended up going
on to help you win or help win the Charlotte Blackhawks three Stanley Cups I believe Duncan
Keith was down there at the time uh Dustin Bufflin as well I don't think Buff was down there at that
time I think that first year
that that we went down there it was me and colin fraser at a junior okay so me and buff was drafted
with me uh broward's the same age as as me but he was drafted the next year um and then we had uh
you know boland was a year after me so he would have still been in junior i think cory was still
in junior and they didn't pull him up.
Norfolk had a pretty good team that year.
I think we lost in six games to Philly, who ended up winning the Calder Cup.
That was, I believe, when Jeff Carter and Mike Richards came in,
and they just dominated playoffs.
Yeah, they came in the second round, I think,
and then they were already stacked at that point.
But playing with Dunk helped.
I got to know Dunk and Keith,
and we knew each other a little bit from training camp.
But as an 18-year-old, you're just trying to keep your head above water
and you're trying to figure things out and whatnot.
And playing with Dunk in Norfolk, we got to meet each other a bit
and then training camp the next year,
and then we ended up making the team together.
And when you broke in, it was kind of the start of the rise of the Chicago Blackhawks.
I mean, it wasn't  it's crazy because I talked to Adrian Akoyan
when I played with him in Arizona, and we ended up playing you guys in playoffs
for one year when we beat you in six games, not a big deal.
And Rafi Torres, we'll talk about that later.
But he said that you guys couldn't even get about half the building filled,
or they couldn't when they was with the Blackhawks.
And then all of a sudden, you know, you guys started winning more and more.
You guys got some of those high picks, Kane and Taves come in,
and all of a sudden, like that, it's just a 180.
Yeah.
Well, I think, what was the lockout, 2005?
Yes.
So then 2006-07 was the first year of the lockout, or 2005-06? Yeah, and you guys were playing, I think Robert was the lockout, 2005? Yes. So then 2006-07 was the first year of the lockout or 2005-06?
Yeah, and you guys were playing.
I think Robert Lang was there.
Yeah.
So then that year we were bad.
So the lockout draft, I think it was Sid's draft.
Yeah.
Crosby was first, and then I think we got Cam Barker.
Yeah.
I want to say.
He was third overall, wasn't he?
Yeah.
No, he was.
I think it went Crosby,by ryan no we took uh we
took kyle beach oh kyle beach okay yeah in the year before that we took barks and then i was on
the team that was so bad that we i think got the third overall pick which was taser and then the
next year we got caner whoa jon, Jonathan Tays was third overall.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah.
Whoopsie.
That's part of the draft, I guess.
But, yeah, no, it was sort of a rise.
But I remember playing there with Oki my first year.
We had a lot of really good older players that were good, and they really taught us how to be pros.
And Marty LaPointe and Todd Simpson, we just had a bunch of great guys.
And not a great team, but a bunch of great guys.
And we had a lot of fun.
And us as young guys learning.
But, I mean, yeah, like Oki said it right,
like we were hard to get 5,000 in the building for a couple years there.
We were hard to get 5,000 in the building for a couple years there.
That's why I always get a little sensitive when Blackhawks fans would and still do come after Coyotes fans and Coyotes people on Twitter.
And I'm like, hey, man.
I'm like, where were you guys at maybe 10 years ago?
Just lay off us a little bit, you know?
There you go.
Stop being a hypocrite.
Right.
It's your guys' time to shine.
Do your thing.
Let the Coyotes get back to where we're going to be you know right well i mean it can happen i mean
i when i first first there it was it was amazing we'd play detroit and it was 18 000 people and
they were all detroit fans and now it's i mean it's amazing to see the rise i mean we missed
playoffs i think our last year out of the playoffs before this year we missed the playoffs by like three points and we were just rising I mean the year before we
were out by Christmas time the two years before we were done by Christmas and then that last year
we were out by three points and then the next year we ended up going to the third round of the
the playoffs and then winning the cup so it was it happened quick and it can happen quick I mean
if you get the right guys in there
and things start to click and happen.
And you've been fortunate enough to be part of that core group
that they kept.
I mean, when you try to put together a dynasty in today's NHL,
there's got to be moves along the way and the right ones,
and it seems that that management had done an unbelievable job
of continuing to reload and maybe get rid of guys
where they were like you know what we can replace him with someone who's cheaper but keep this core
group we think and get us there again and to do that two more times is pretty remarkable yeah i
mean i think i think when you you win in 2010 and i don't even know what date it was but it was like
man we just won with all these guys we lost like 10 guys off that team and it's't even know what date it was, but it was like, man, we just won with all these guys, and we lost like 10 guys off that team.
And it's tough.
You know, you've got to give a lot of credit to Stan
and our management team to pull different guys in.
And, I mean, I don't think getting rid of the right guys is the right word,
but, I mean, we got rid of guys that we had to,
and, I mean, it would have been nice to
keep them all we were all what's that like when all that's going down like are you guys like is
there like bitterness because you're like man we just won with these guys and like you just got
rid of our boy where you know maybe do they like did management call you guys and kind of have to
like let you down with the news saying hey like we we had to make a decision. We had to let Buff go.
And you guys are like, no, not Buff.
He's the best.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, it's tough.
I mean, I don't think we were made aware of anything.
I think we all knew things were going to happen.
It was just sort of what it was.
It sucks to say it, but...
It's like Survivor.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, it's like we were all really good buddies.
The Hunger Games.
Yeah, exactly, yeah.
Blackhawks edition.
Survive, yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
It was one of those things,
and, you know, it's tough to replace
a lot of those guys that we had,
and, you know, Stan's done a good job
of bringing some of those guys back into the fold.
I mean, we've had Steger twice.
Laddie came back at the deadline,
so it's nice to get back and play with those guys.
But the bond that we all had, we've all been good buddies
and all stayed in touch pretty good.
Okay, so I have a question for you.
You have children.
Yeah.
I have won one championship in professional hockey
minus the one that we won at the World Championship under 18.
Not a big deal.
But the natural high that you get when you win a championship,
and keep in mind, I won a Calder Cup, not a Stanley Cup.
For the next two weeks, you feel invincible.
You're just so happy.
Would you compare that to maybe having a kid?
The natural high you receive just from that as maybe winning a Stanley Cup?
Yeah, I mean, it's different, but it's definitely like it's crazy.
Like, I don't know.
I think, you know, being able to win a Stanley Cup,
you sort of don't really know what's going on.
And I think that's a lot of the same feelings you have when you have a kid you know well especially the first time the first time for sure like you
know but um you're sitting there in the hospital room your wife's sitting there exhausted and and
you know she's just like she just played four rounds exactly all seven games yeah all seven
games she played 35 minutes a night over timesimes, you know, she played it all.
And that's what she's sitting there,
and you're sitting there.
And I remember holding the baby,
and she was off in recovery, and I was panicked.
Like, I didn't know what to do.
I was like, whew, I didn't read any books or anything like that.
I figured it out when it comes,
but I thought I'd have my wife there
to help me through it, you know?
I'm just watching game tape here at the rink, man.
Exactly. Trying to do my job. Yeah. I was hoping my wife there to help me through it. I'm just watching game tape here at the rink, man. Exactly.
Trying to do my job.
Yeah.
I was hoping you were going to agree that it's like having a kid because I may never have one.
So I was hoping that experiencing that Calder Cup would have been like my child.
But you're telling me it's a little different.
I think it is a lot of the same thing. I mean, it's just joy and just accomplishment.
I mean, I don't know if accomplishment's the
right word but you know it's the joy congrats on the sex exactly yeah did all right and all that
all that work paid off only took a hundred times yeah um but yeah no it's it's a cool uh it's a
cool feeling and and uh you know we've had three so it's I mean, they're all pretty special and pretty fun.
With time out, you've had three children?
Well, I have them.
My wife has.
Well, yeah, you guys together have had them.
So one for every Stanley Cup.
Yeah, well, we missed out on that.
But, yeah, we were 13, 15.
We were batting 1,000 there for kids and cups.
But then.
Which one was your favorite one?
Kid or cup?
Cup.
I was testing you there.
I was testing Siebes there.
I was going to send the kid there. I love all my kids equally.
Yes.
I don't know.
I don't think he can say anything about the cups.
I think every cup has a meaning and something special.
I think winning the first one, obviously, it's just like a whirlwind.
You don't even know what's going on.
Right.
That's why I asked you because some people say the second one,
I was able to maybe sit back and enjoy it a bit more.
Well, the second one, I remember sitting in Boston, the second one,
and I was sitting there in the hallway, in the doorway to the bathroom there.
And I'm sure you know what the old Boston dressing room is like.
It's tight as it is, but I remember because we had guys like, you know,
Carcillo, we had a bunch of guys that hadn't won.
Ray Emery.
Oh, so that's even more fun to see than them.
We had all these guys like Andrew Shaw and all these guys that were just
like I was when I was in 2010.
And I thought the cool thing for me was to sit back and watch a little bit.
You know what I mean?
Pour some beer in it for them.
Pour some beer for them.
You know, spray them with beer.
You know, we had Michael Hanzus.
The guy was like, I don't know how the guy played a game in the playoffs,
let alone play as well as he did.
Like, the guy was a warrior.
And he was taped together.
His body looked like didn't
know what was going on with him but he played well he played really good in the finals and just see
guys like that that that played you know and and uh i think that's all part of it and then you know
winning in chicago was special it was our first cup in chicago we were able to win it in chicago
right and then i mean chemo was my d partner for most of the time that he was there,
Kimo Tiemann.
Right.
And that was pretty special to see him.
That's right.
And he didn't have the best playoff either.
He'd been struggling a little bit, but it was nice to see the guys rally around him.
Now, to go back to that second one, though,
you were probably still in a little bit of shock, too,
because of how that game went down.
That was fucking nuts.
I remember watching it live.
And you guys tied it up late and then bowling ended up getting that crazy goal off the bounce
wasn't it it was off a stick off the post and i don't know what bully was doing there he must
have been going in the net or i think maybe he was going low for like taking a shortcut
taking a shortcut probably but he probably thought oh do you was going to rim it back down to the
boards and he was going to go and we were going to try and kill the clock,
get to overtime or something.
And he was down there and Johnny O shoots it at the net,
hits the stick, hits the post, and he was standing right there
and just smacked it in.
So all of a sudden you guys are like, holy shit.
Yeah.
We don't even got to go to OT.
Well, we didn't know what was going on.
You're like, cancel the pizza order.
Don't need any more fruit and crap in the intermission.
Okay, so I guess an easier question to answer about which one was more special
would be translated to which one did you have the biggest party with?
Which cup celebration was just out of control where you're like, man.
Like as the team in Chicago?
Yes.
I mean, I would have to say the first one.
I think just like the 49 years.
I don't know.
And by the second third, you're probably just like, ugh.
I've already been through this, man.
No, I mean, the parties were all wild, but that 2010 one was pretty sweet.
It was, I mean, the parade.
Individually, who threw the best one?
Like their day with the cup.
I didn't go to a lot of them so I don't know.
I'm sure everybody
So you didn't do the Mike Commodore and go to
literally every Stanley Cup party?
I think Commodore set the record with
15. He said the only ones he
didn't go to were the ones over in Europe
and he said he regrets that. Really?
Yeah, he's insane. 15 wasn't enough for Kami.
Jesus.
And then he had the best year of his life the next year,
and he probably trained for about three minutes.
Yeah.
Well, I think that's the hard part too, right?
You want to do all that stuff.
But nowadays, if you're not training, the league's going to fly by you.
Oh, I know.
If you win the Stanley Cup, you get two months off.
I know.
And then the American League flew by me.
And then here I am doing podcasts.
Life comes at you fast.
Oh, quick.
I wish we could go right into an ad read with that,
but we don't have anything.
Playing for Quimble.
I've heard actually a few funny Quimble stories.
You got anything for us?
Yeah, actually, I got a couple good ones.
I mean, off the top of my head, we were playing in the playoffs.
So Joel, he's a big horse racing guy, loves his horse racing.
We were in the playoffs.
We were in Vancouver.
So him and Eddie O probably get along well.
I think they talk quite a bit, yeah.
So they were sitting in the room, in the coach's room.
We're getting ready for the game.
We got game six maybe, game five.
I can't remember what game it was.
But we're sitting there.
We're just getting ready an hour before the game, whatever.
Joel's got to come in for the pregame speech.
He's late.
Joel's never late.
Joel's pretty meticulous on his time, shutting the doors.
You know, I guess the horse race was going a little late,
something like that.
So all of a sudden, we're sitting there.
We're all sort of wondering, like, where's fucking Joel?
Like, what's going on here?
And all of a sudden, we hear this ruckus from, like, the coach's room.
What?
Oh, fuck.
What the fuck?
What the?
Oh, my God.
I can't believe this.
God damn it.
I can't believe it.
And then I guess what happened was our our our video guy or
whatever realized that he won like the super trifecta or something on like a 50 cent bet
he ended up winning like i don't know quarter of a million bucks or something like that
and it blew up the coach's room was he was flying comes into the dressing room to rally the boys
i can't remember what he said i don't think he said one thing about hockey.
He was just firing the boys up, ran out of there, skipping and jumping,
and we went out, and I think we ended up winning that game.
On a 50-cent bet?
It was something like that.
I can't remember what it was.
What's a super trifecta?
I mean, RAs are gaming.
I don't really know.
I don't know about horse betting, but I think he
Yeah, yeah, sure.
I don't.
But I think he bet the first place second place third
base place and fourth place he had them all right yeah so that's going to be crazy odds to begin
with maybe there were a couple long shots oh my god yeah that's right it's right it's the first
four it's the first first the first four yeah first place second place third place fourth place
10 000 to one odds it was like something ridiculous and like something ridiculous. And he won a quarter of a million or half a million?
I don't know what it was.
I don't know what the whole story was.
I don't know, Joel.
He hadn't signed the Babcock contract yet at that time.
So that was a significant amount of money to him.
I can't remember if that was, that might have been in 2010.
So before he'd won a cup yet.
It might have been 2009 because I think we beat Vancouver that year.
And then the next time we played Vancouver in the playoffs, we lost the series.
But I think it was one of the years we beat Vancouver in the playoffs.
And he was just flying.
And we were like, oh.
Well, we've got to match this guy's intensity or we're going to get bag-skated.
Pretty much, yeah.
That was a pretty funny story because we all sort of didn't know what was going on.
And we still didn't know what was going on when he came out and gave the speech.
And then some of us were sort of like, what the fuck's going on here?
And the video guy came out and helped.
Somebody was like, he just made a big baddie.
It was the Kentucky Derby, I think it was.
Oh.
It was a big derby.
What was the other story you had about him?
Well, I probably can't share that on here. here, but I probably shouldn't talk about this.
Fair enough.
We'll leave it at that.
That's what we do with our guests, man.
It's your guy's show.
We're just happy to be a part of it.
Now, I'm going to let you tell this one, though.
Your teammate, you said we won with the second Stanley Cup, Dan Carcillo.
I had the pleasure of playing with him and rooming with him in the American Hockey League.
We played in that under-18 tournament together
when we won the world championship.
And I've never seen a guy take more dumb penalties
than Dan Carcillo, especially at that age.
And I'll lead you through the semifinals against the USA.
You can lead the way here.
Yeah, well, I think it was, I don't know,
it was a point in the tournament.
Jimmy Halton was the coach. Yeah, yeah know, it was a point in the tournament. Jimmy Halton was the coach.
Yeah, yeah.
But it was a point in the season where, or a point in the tournament where it was getting down to,
it was a semifinal game and Carbom was usually good for one, maybe two, could be three penalties a game.
And not the brightest penalties either.
Not, you know, not saving a goal or anything like that.
Just being an idiot.
Just 200 feet from your net.
Might as well trip the sky.
Slashing a guy.
Slashing a guy.
Whatever.
And Carbom went out.
The coach came out and said.
Right before.
This was before.
This was, I think, between the second and third.
I can't remember exactly when it was.
It was during the game.
And then obviously we ended up going OT.
But during the game, during periods, he snapped on him.
He snapped on him.
He said, you take, Carbom, you take one more fucking penalty.
You're not playing the rest of the tournament.
I don't care if we lose tonight and we're playing the bronze medal game.
You're not playing a single minute.
Something like that.
He just tore him a new asshole in front of everybody.
And we're sitting there, and we go into overtime,
and Carbom goes and sweeps somebody's feet out
or does something stupid, hooks a guy from behind in overtime.
1-1 hockey game.
And so we all sort of, I don't know, we all sort of look at the coach,
and the coach isn't happy because it's Carbom taking the penalty,
and he just told him not to.
He's done for the tourney at this point.
Done for the tournament.
We all think he's done for the tournament.
So we go out there.
We kill the penalty off.
I mean, it was a penalty kill, and we ended up killing it.
And Carbom skates out of the penalty box.
I remember he skated out of the penalty box right towards the bench,
and then the puck got rimmed, and he took it.
And he just went on a two-on-one.
And he was getting called to the bench.
He was getting called to the bench.
I think he was just getting put right in the dressing room.
But he picked it up, and he skated down on a two-on-one,
and he said, no way I'm passing this puck.
And he just ripped it and scored the goal.
And we ended up winning the game, and we won the next game.
We won the tournament.
And I think Carbon was able to play in the final.
Yeah, Jimmy Halton was kind of chuckling to himself after the game for his speech.
And, you know, Carcy, his laugh he was he had it in the locker room
and he goes he goes i don't even care if i didn't score there i wasn't coming off till till a whistle
or till they made me yeah exactly his tournament was done and sure enough we went off to the finals
and which was even crazier to not keep talking about under 18 was playing game one against russia
when ovechkin was playing against us and And the whole arena was filled with Red Army guys
and those hats they wear and the big trench coats.
What was that thing, that noise maker?
There was that whistle.
Remember that red whistle they had?
Yeah, they whistled the entire game.
I couldn't even think.
No.
I think I was minus two or three that game.
Oh, it was 5-2 before I think we even knew it was happening.
Yeah, we were under fire, no pun intended.
But now, what's up these days?
Not much.
Just training, getting ready for next season.
Got the kids, family, you know, trying to enjoy some summer,
enjoy the nice weather, but trying to get ready for next season.
Any other fun teammates you want to talk about that you've had in the past well we could be here
all day you know how it goes i mean meet a lot of great guys um what about sharpie is he retiring
couldn't tell you i thought he was i don't know we never really talked about it much we didn't
really you know that was that was something for him to bring up to us.
It wasn't something we were going to pry.
But, you know, played with Sharpie for...
What a handsome guy.
Handsome guy.
11 years I played with Sharpie and been buddies, I think, my whole career in Chicago.
And he was obviously in Dallas for a couple years.
I think he's going to kill it on the media side of things too.
He's been very good.
Obviously, we mentioned he's handsome.
He dresses well, and he's pretty articulate.
Yeah.
Some guy's got it all.
He's probably got a huge wrench too.
He's got it all figured out.
Yeah, no, Sharpie's good.
He was good on NBC at the end of the season.
We talk about wrenches sometimes on this show with some of the retired guys.
It's tough to get guys who are still playing to talk about cocks in the locker room.
Yeah.
So Grinnelli had a question.
Well, Witt usually likes to ask this one, and since he can't be here,
he always asks, who is the toughest guy you've ever had to face in the nhl
forward defense competitor yeah just toughest not necessarily fighting correct you just hate to go
against nah i would probably say pavel datzuk i think that that guy like we play we play detroit
so much so it was it was one of those things that that we just we always played him and he was just
one of those guys he could never hit him he always had that counter hit so he'd stick you he looked
like he was about a buck 60 had the pigeon toe you know like but he the guy could stay in griffin
head yeah yeah that's probably where he got all of his power he just kind of leans in with his
noggin yeah but he was filthy out there he He could make plays. He could see things that nobody else could see.
He could shoot.
He could score if he had to.
He could, I mean, he could do it all.
And he was tough.
I mean, as a defenseman, you know, and forwards,
he had that back check.
He could strip sticks.
You know, he was one of those guys that you just,
you always had to know where he was.
And even if you had the puck and you had a step on him,
he'd still have to be worried about how about where he was and what he was doing
because he could strip you quick and turn you the other way.
So, yeah, he was a tough player.
I didn't really want to bring it up because I'm sure it's a little touchy subject,
but Hosa, his comments about not wanting to play in Chicago anymore
and wanting to go play in the desert,
and then Coyote's clearly making the trade for him. his comments about not wanting to play in Chicago anymore and wanting to go play in the desert.
And then Coyotes clearly making the trade for him.
How do you feel about maybe his loss of loyalty to the Blackhawks and his love for coming to the Coyotes?
It's impressive.
No, I wish him all the best.
Yeah, he's going to  Coyotes are forming a super team.
We've got Datsuk,uk we got pronger's
contract we got hosa yeah so i mean who knows man you never know we're on the rise
do you uh do you want to talk about that playoff series where we beat you guys in six games
sure were you guys surprised by how hard we came out no i don't think anybody's surprised in the
playoffs i think i think maybe i don't think anybody's surprised in the playoffs i think i think maybe
i don't think we were surprised anything i think we just you guys played good it was tough to
tough to get anything around the net when we did smitty was standing on his head and playing well
and and uh i think what three three of the games went to overtime, didn't they? Yeah. Mikkel Bodker had a couple OT goals.
But do you think the  I think the TSN turning point in the series was when me and Boleg fought and I forgot to put my tie down on.
And I played one second of that game and got kicked out.
I remember that, yeah.
And then that was  I feel like that was when you guys just lost all your focus
and it was all over from there.
We didn't have anybody to go after anymore.
That's the thing. Yeah. And, yeah, i just wanted to make sure i threw that in there one second that series
uh yeah well i so i jumped on the ice and the whistle went and there was a because the play
had gone offside i still hadn't i still hadn't learned the rules at that point were you offside
yeah i was thinking about a lot of stuff and so there's a face-off outside of the blue line near your end.
And obviously, Quinville throw a bowl leg on the ice.
And I was thinking about a lot of stuff.
That was one of my first ever playoff games with the Coyotes.
And the anthem in Chicago fucked me up too.
That place is banana lands.
And the one thing I never forgot to do was my tie-down.
And for whatever reason, I forgot it.
And I had one second play because we dropped our gloves right off the face off.
So I had one minute on the game or one second on the game sheet.
So he pulled your jersey over your head and you were kicked out.
He, in the midst of the fight, yeah, he got it over.
And I was trying to rip my tie down thing on my pants so I could say that, oh, yeah,
the thing ripped.
I wasn't strong enough. So I was like, and the guy's like, nah,, oh yeah, the thing ripped. I wasn't strong enough.
So I was like,
and the guy's like,
nah,
biz,
sorry,
you're gone.
I was like,
no.
And that was,
but hey,
I took myself out of the equation
and we ended up fucking rallying
and beating you guys.
Yeah,
that was a tough series.
It's a good series.
See,
thanks for stopping by.
We really appreciate it.
We would have had some more questions for you,
but a lot of the other guys aren't carrying their weight.
And in the Kelowna, this is my fourth interview of the day.
Yeah.
So I guess we'll end this with a little advice.
Okay.
Keep playing hockey because then after it's done,
you have to do things like this to earn money.
Okay.
If you like doing things like this.
I'm not a big fan of it, but I'm not good.
I'm not as articulate as you are you're pretty good
at rolling with it and doing the things
like you know like we talked about with Sharpie
and Burrish
Burrish good guy and if you ever get stuck you just ask
about guys Cox
there you go well thanks for joining us
and good luck next season
and look out for those coyotes
alright sounds good thanks for having me, boys.
That interview was also brought to you by Tommy John.
When it comes to comfort below the belt, there's regular underwear,
and then there's Tommy John, the revolutionary clothing brand
that's redefined comfort for men and women everywhere.
Take it from me, folks.
I've been wearing this stuff for a while now.
It's such a great, comfortable fit, especially in this hot, sticky weather we got in New England the last few days. It's brutal. Tommy John makes
it a little bit more bearable. The fabric, the detail, it's unbelievable. It keeps everything
nice and snug. It absorbs the sweat so you're not walking around with a Mississippi or the
Charles River more appropriately down your butt. It's good stuff. The no wedgie guarantee,
comfortable stay put waistbands, luxuriously soft, feather light, moisture wicking, breathable, designed to move with you, not against you. And that's the kind of comfort
when you need when it's 98 degrees out. That's what it is right now in Boston, boy. And that
includes also their new life-changing woman's underwear. That's right. We got a lot of lady
listeners here on Chip. Let's say we love you. They sold out in just six weeks. So ladies,
check it out too. Tommy John, super comfy. Get on it. Okay, they have the best pair you'll ever wear or it's free guarantee. To get that, hurry to
tommyjohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off your first order. That's tommyjohn.com slash chicklets
for 20 off. tommyjohn.com slash chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
dot com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Big thanks once again to Brent Seabrook for joining the show.
Grinnelli and Biz, you did a great job out there.
And Kelowna once again with another stellar interview.
We've been getting a lot of requests to bring back a crowd favorite,
All Right Hamilton.
When you guys send in questions, basically we were doing it for a while. The questions were starting to get a little out of routine,
a little monotonous, I guess.
We were just kind of getting different versions of the same question over and over.
So we're going to bring it back tonight, have a couple of fun.
It'll be some fun with it.
It'll be business first time playing with us as a co-host of the show.
And then what we're going to do when we start the new season off,
to keep it fresh, we're going to do a different topic every time.
I'll make sure the questions are specific to a certain thing so that way they'll
be fresh every week well we might give them every week we'll have you guys ask one question of each
of us so that way there it's not like oh which guys you want to drink with uh which broad you
want to knuckle you know yeah kind of get monotonous you know give us hypotheticals give us anything
and especially sorry especially non-hockey questions.
I think those sometimes lead to a funnier moment.
So, you know, we're going to bring it back with a bang.
All right.
So, Mikey, pull the questions for us today.
So, what do we got, brother?
Fire away.
We haven't done this for a while.
First, we have Cody Dunlap.
Cody Dunlap.
And we'll start easy for you boys.
So, Cody Dunlap asked a question that we get all the time.
All right, Hamilton, how did Rear Admiral and Ryan Whitney meet,
and how did they start spitting chiclets?
All right, Hamilton.
Well, it was back in the 60s.
Randy Quaid needed a couple guys to mind his sheep for the winter.
Haven't we told this like 700 times or no?
I honestly, I don't think we've told it for quite a while.
I think it's been a long time.
Do you want to tell it, or or you want me to tell it?
I mean, I'm assuming my version is way different than yours.
No, wait.
Let's hear both versions.
I want to hear both versions.
All right.
All right.
You give your version on how this podcast began.
All right.
Well, first, how we met.
We have a lot of mutual friends because uh you know like
well i don't want to say names but we got some mutual friends and there's about one of our
friends owned and i met you after a bruins game once or twice oh oh uh north star right yeah
yeah they're gone now though they're done yeah they're gone all right p and p
yeah we had a we had a few nights where we'd catch up shoot the shit you know like i i forget
when we were first introduced so we knew each other on a casual level and then i remember it was december
15 because i still have the tweet mark and you just sent out a random tweet saying hey i'm thinking
of starting one of these podcasts uh you know and that was it i said i wrote back to you like oh
you're looking for a partner kind of half fucking joke and you slid into my dms like you serious i
was like yeah and fucking two months later we were cranking one out in my living room in salty and fucking the rest is history okay i
was never cranking out shows that is cranking anything out with you in salty i wasn't cranking
it out is this story going to be sponsored by eagle energy too we i remember i i didn't i didn't
know any people like that I knew knew you,
but then you came up to me at North Star one night.
You're like, hey, I'm Rear Admiral.
I was like, oh, what's up, buddy?
We shot the shit, and then my boy Foles came over,
who you do know or did know, whatever, either way.
So we shot the shit maybe 15 minutes.
I was like, that guy's a good guy.
He's out of his mind, but he's a good guy.
Then we saw each other one time.
All of a sudden, you were behind me over my shoulder at Saratoga.
I don't know if you remember that.
Yeah, because someone had the oney going.
It was like somebody breathing on my ear, and I turned around.
It's like, hey, you're Admiral.
I'm like, what's up, buddy?
How you doing?
We shot the shit another 15 minutes.
And then fast forward to when I retired, left Sweden because I couldn't skate
and was minus four in like three minutes
and retired after the first period.
And I got home and I tweeted,
should I, yeah,
whatever the wordage of it was with the tweet,
should I start a podcast
thinking about starting a podcast?
At Paul Bissonette, what do you think?
Or at Biz Nasty?
And then Biz, you texted me
and you were like, dude dude i can't like do anything
i'm still playing and we were like yeah 100 and then i remember rear admiral you were like hey
dude let's do it and i thought fuck guy's a local guy he's a bruins blogger always writing good
shit he fucking has the barstool connection i'm like this could work out great now mind you
we just i just came over and we did one like looking back i'm like how the fuck did i not
go like have a beer with him and sit down and be like is this guy completely fucking insane
if i'd done that we probably never would have started i would have been like fuck this guy
but no i went over and from then it was just kind of how it began.
It was just right away.
I mean, I don't even  I remember, like, sitting down on your couch
and being like, dude, what are we going to talk about?
And then it was a three-hour podcast.
Yeah, it was like an hour.
I'm like, well, people listen to that?
Like, who gives a flying fuck what we have to say?
And, you know, now we've got Biz and Grinnelli.
A lot of Canadians do.
People probably don't even know that what's-his-name was before Grinnelli,
Wisco.
Jolly Wisco.
Yeah, fuck, that kid.
I mean, Jesus, talk about dropping the ball, Charlie.
Fuck, look at what you left.
Oh, no.
Does this guy ever, like, bring that up or message you guys?
Yeah, I talked to Jolly.
He actually stopped by.
Great kid.
He's a great kid.
Unbelievable guy.
He's such a help.
Bitch, we didn't know.
He was doing it totally out of his own good.
He didn't have to do it, right, Rear?
Yeah, he basically, I mean, he was a huge push behind it.
Because I did the podcast with him and Chief, what was it, Five Minute Major.
We did another podcast before that.
And everyone kind of went their separate way for whatever reason.
And he actually was a huge push.
So he's not like a greedy pig like Grinnelli?
No, he was in school.
He didn't leave like bailed out.
I think he left Boston and he was still in school and shit.
But yeah, Charlie Whisker was a huge push.
Maybe we should get him back and take our percentage that Grinnelli's making back.
Grinnelli's like making faces right now. Well, he must be
making too much. He's buying bottles for
fucking 4K or spending
buying tables, I should say.
Yeah, yeah.
Grinnelli, can you leave this call? We got to
talk. We got to have a talk.
Just mute it. Just mute
yourself. Okay, so what's...
Do you remember us? Yes, I remember that. Yeah, I knew I couldn't do it while I mute yourself. Okay, so what's  Do you remember us?
Yes, I remember that.
Yeah, I knew I couldn't do it while I was playing.
I remember including you in the tweet.
You know what?
I've never  actually, I deleted  it's funny.
I was just going to say I've never deleted a tweet,
but I have deleted one tweet.
I can't even say what it is.
Why, why, why?
I think I'd be in prison nowadays if it was out.
Wait, can we  Come on, you can't come on you can't you won't tell it it was something like about like i don't it was something about like
it's so unfair it's something about like how it's unfair that like the women in the in wimbledon like
have to play against marina Williams because she's like...
Yeah, she is a... Man, she's a beast.
It was something that...
I remember then it was no big deal, but say
a week after I deleted it, I think
Hork was like, yeah, yeah.
But the social climate, if I'd sent
it now in 10 seconds, I'd be off this
podcast and NHL Network would tell
me to fucking go take a look at that.
Did you say she was a beast?
It might have been a perceived wrong.
I don't remember exactly what I said, but that's the only tweet I've ever deleted.
It's like saying LeBron James is a beast.
It's just like, man, that guy's just so much
bigger and stronger and faster than anyone.
It was different wording.
Oh, you dropped an N-bomb?
No, God, no, I didn't drop an N-bomb.
Jesus Christ.
I'm fucking kidding, dude.
I can say that. First of all, my mom's half black. I was joking.
Yeah, and by the way... And I didn't even
say the fucking word. Why are you still looking at me like that,
Grinnelly? I remember some
dude wrote
on one of the things
that we've posted of us talking in this
podcast, whether it was Twitter or social media,
some guy commented
under it, Whitney looks like
he'd be such a racist i thought that
was the rudest thing i remember i was like fuck this guy i didn't respond to him um i i will say
this after all these people have been digging out other people's old tweets i mean now saying that
i've never really said i don't think i've ever seen anything racist on Twitter because I'm not fucking racist.
Exactly what a racist would say, biz.
Biz is black.
I went back and looked at all my old tweets when all this stuff started popping out.
I'm like, maybe there's something, like I said,
that was offensive to a woman or something.
I don't know.
And I couldn't find anything.
So you're just not going to include that you had a biz nasty name?
Wait.
This is 2.0.
Wait, I know, but I said sorry communist back to the Soviet
about Kovalchuk.
That was back then.
But that would mean that I'm being prejudiced, not racist.
No, no.
I need R.A. on this one.
All right, boys, so you want to move on to the next one here?
Yeah, we're kind of getting it.
It's not cooking like the other night, but we're getting long here.
That's all right.
So Jack Pfeiffer asks, all right, Hamilton,
who is your dream guest on the show?
And what would you want to talk to them about?
All right, Hamilton.
To me, Bobby O would be the holy grail.
That would be the greatest guest we could get on here. And I would just, yeah, I'd like to ask him about, To me, Bobby O would be the holy grail. That would be the greatest guest we could get on
here. And I would just, yeah, I'd like to ask him about, you know, how does he think about the
actual impact he had on the game of hockey and the whole region of New England and just the history
of hockey, man. It's just so many things we could ask him. Guest doesn't have to be hockey either.
Last time we asked this question, it was if you could have any hockey guests on the show. This is anyone.
I mean, anyone.
Okay.
All right.
Go ahead, Biz.
You go, and I'll think of a non-hockey.
Oh, that is such a tough question off the top of my head.
Basically, who would you love to interview?
It also depends on if you're going to get real answers.
I actually really think it might be the guy who let his broad just wrote
roast business horn in the house and no returns.
Like after hearing that,
like I want to have that guy on and be like,
how did that feel?
I guaranteed I can,
I can guarantee I can get them on this podcast.
Yeah.
That's a friendly guy,
dude.
Oh,
I actually have mine.
Oh,
let's hear it.
But I would want,
I would want,
I would want,
it's unrealistic because he would
never tell like his true stories but if you could get a real um what is the uncut version of arnold
palmer and his stories dude that guy is probably the biggest legend in the history well whoa so
you're telling me was he the type of guy where he was kicking, kind of like a John Bailey of that era?
Arnold Palmer is the biggest man.
He's an absolute man.
Like he just, the way he lived his life, first of all,
he's the first ever athlete.
He started like endorsements.
Arnold Palmer was like the first guy to ever like get paid to like endorse
companies as being a professional athlete.
He was handsome as shit.
Apparently, he had a complete wrench and a half.
He was rich as fuck too.
Back in the day, dude, he ended up making so much money.
The guy was like started the golf channel.
And you know what?
Arnold Palmer, like he was married.
I think his wife was winnie
and she passed away and then he had a second wife and this guy is a living legend he built hospitals
in honor of his wife he he was the ultimate humanitarian but from what i've heard and rumors
that fly arnold palmer was the most legendary coxman the game's ever seen whoa whoa like like like like ladies man just
anything dude we got to get the picture of him there's a picture him one point he dressed awesome
too back in the day you have a cigarette in and just a sick outfit for like i didn't know this
about all i didn't either i thought he was kind of like a golf nerd no arnold pollard was a legend
dude grew he grew up like on a farm his dad was a greens keeper he's
just from Pennsylvania just an absolute just a just a hard-working American and all the stories
and there's pictures of him like standing just inside the ropes like waiting to hit his shot
and then there's like girls in bikinis it must have been like a California event it's in the
locker room it's some sick course I played maybe Maidstone, not a big deal. But Arnold Palmer, yeah, I mean, Arnold Palmer is a
Wow, that's a great  I applaud that answer.
That was very interesting, and I learned something new tonight.
And think about how good Arnold Palmer the drink is.
Oh, it's amazing.
Best SportsCenter commercial is when I think it's Scott Van Pelt
and one of the other guys, and they're standing behind Arnold Palmer
when he's alive, and he's in the cafeteria at ESPN
and he just fills up half the cup
with lemonade, half the cup with iced tea
or iced tea, little lemonade,
tops it off with iced tea and they're just like, that was
awesome.
Wow, okay. I can't really
top that answer.
If
I could have a wish
along with it, it would be Wayne Gretzky, but I would
want uncut all the Oilers, uh, glory days stories.
Oh, that would be so sick.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't you think Messier would tell the stories better?
I don't know.
I'll say this.
Wayne Gretzky is a great storyteller.
Is he?
Yeah.
He's just, he's very smart.
Like think about, think about how Wayne Gretzky has branded himself after hockey and i know they have that that that gambling thing that
came up and you know i'm not going to get into that but yeah you're a scumbag if you gamble
he's kept he's kept a pretty good squeaky clean image and he's capitalizing like crazy he has his
own currency if he wants to go do something,
all he needs to do is sign a jersey.
Like, oh, you want to go to the Bahamas?
Okay, let's go stay at that resort.
I'll get the guy I reached out to.
He's a hockey fan.
I'll bring a couple of signed jerseys
and he's getting comp nights.
I know.
I wonder actually how much he paid for.
He's like more popular and well-known to our country
than our Prime Minister
Oh, Hunter
His dad's more popular than your Prime Minister
Yeah, he got married
It was a fucking royal wedding
That's what I'm saying
He's Canadian royalty
Alright, so my answer, non-hockey, would be Keith Richards
I'd love to fucking interview Keith Richards
He has some great stories
Alright, that's going to wrap it up for All Right, Hamilton.
Just like I said, we just want to give people a little flavor,
maybe some new listeners who didn't get an idea.
We'll be bringing it back with full force when we start up a new season.
So that's going to wrap up Episode 105 right now.
Thanks again to Brent Seabrook for coming on.
We had a great time with him.
Boys, enjoy the weekend.
Anything else you got to share with the crew?
Are we ready to rock and roll here?
Rest in peace. No, boys.
That House of No Return story, like I said, it was the Coles Notes,
and it was a quick version.
I'm getting a little nervous.
I wouldn't want anyone to be pissed off, especially my employer.
No, and if you ever see Biz in a Bar, just get the full story.
There's way more stuff.
Is Coles Notes Canadian version of Cliff's Notes, by the way?
Yeah, Coles Notes is like the short version.
Like you want to know what the book it's like beanie bag for bean bag.
See if the beanie bag chair, the leopard print beanie bag.
I got to get my hands on that. Enjoy the weekend.
