Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Tommy John.
Boys, it's been a heat wave in Boston this last summer, and there's been rivers running everywhere,
and I'm not just talking about the Charles and the Mystic.
Thankfully, I've been wearing my Tommy Johns for the last week.
It's the revolutionary clothing brand that's redefined comfort for men and women everywhere. Let me put it to you this way. Tommy John doesn't give an F.
They give three Fs, fabric, fit, and function. Tommy John's men's and women's underwear sport
are no wedgie guarantee. Comfortable stay put waistbands and a range of fabrics that are
luxuriously soft, feather light, moisture wicking, breathable, and designed to move with you, not
against you.
That means there's no bunching and no riding up. And that's especially important when, again,
you're getting swass. We all know swasses. There's obviously hotter parts of the country,
but man, New England's been brutal lately, and Tommy John's been saving me. That's why you want
to try out the best pair you'll ever wear, or it's free guarantee. That includes their new life
changing women's underwear that sold out in just six weeks. It's now fully back in stock. Ladies, we know you love spitting chicken, so get
on this deal. I can't get enough of Tommy John. Super comfy. So give the three Fs about your
underwear and upgrade with Tommy John today. Hire me to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20
off your first order. That's TommyJohn.com slash chiclets for 20 off.
TommyJohn.com slash chiclets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. hello everybody welcome to episode 106 of spit and chiclets brought to you by
barstool sports let's's say hello to the producer
down under, McDally to Mikey
Grinelli. Hello, gentlemen.
I am in Australia.
Boy, Paul Biznasty, getting comfy
in the desert with the NHL season a
mere month away. Boys, the
topics are just starting to roll in now.
Now it's easy. We had the offseason.
We're fucking laughing now. Yeah,
less fucking crank stories, but more puck stories.
And finally, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, brother?
How are you, fellas?
Grinnelly, how's Australia?
You crush anything?
Not yet.
Not yet, but I say it confidently enough.
What a loser.
Are you going to land a Sheila?
To his defense, he said he was going to go there
and he was going to fall in love.
So maybe he's putting some time in with one specifically.
This is like, to his defense, it took me like eight hours.
So that's kind of 10 days, if we want to do the comparison.
Well, no, I've fallen in love twice already.
How have the girls been toward you?
Are they friendly toward you as an american
like girls the problem with the girls is they're so nice that they won't like even if they don't
want you at all they'll still talk to you and they'll have a full conversation with you
and you can just how dare they you can see in their eyes that they're like you're just like
this girl fucking hates me i just gotta walk away away. But they're so nice that they just keep it going
and keep the conversation flowing.
You're such a personable guy.
They don't hit the eject button like in Boston, eh?
Oh, no.
In Boston, they'll just tell you right from the beginning, fuck off.
Are you sure it wasn't the wristband you were wearing,
the golden wristband there?
They might have been just intrigued by why you were wearing
a golden wristband from...
Oh, yeah.
I haven't taken it off in weeks.
The only country I ever heard
where the women were like sleuths,
like Iceland girls, is supposed to be
like the sluts of Europe.
That's the only country you think that has
sluts? No, no, no. That's not
what I said. The country
that has the sluttiest ratio.
Because my buddy was dating a girl from Sweden.
They were ranking. I'm like, oh, Iceland girls,
they're like the sluts of Europe, you know.
To chime in there, I've had a group of friends go there.
I don't know whether it was for a bachelor party or not.
Reykjavik?
Apparently, the chances of getting a dick cold when you go over there
and you slide it in someone is very likely.
And it's just, you know, whatever.
I mean, a couple of cough drops and you're good.
I was at a cookout yesterday.
Keith Yandel actually flew home for a late big labor day bash so a bunch of kids over there and
former teammate of mine uh his wife was there she came up to me and she's like
what's with all the wrench talk wit
i was like oh my god i was like that just the fact that you're saying that, like, God,
I think we have to somewhat reel this thing in.
Dial it in.
I don't know about.
I got Buddy's wife asking me what's with the wrench talk.
Oh, Buddy, I'm going to NHL media this weekend,
and we just had a call before this to talk about, you know,
some talking points, and they slid into, like, the no wrench talk.
Prep talk.
Wait, where?
In New York City? No, it's in Chicago this year. Oh. Yeah, so a couple days there. talking points and and they slid into like the no wrench talk prep talk wait where in new york city
no it's in chicago this year oh yeah so a couple days there i'm gonna be uh be doing a little fun
little segment with them called what's in the box yeah rally well well hey now not exactly what
we're thinking i my eyes lit up too ra and then i got the pep talk on that too, but it's more of like
they put something inside the box, whether it be
like a snake
or a rodent or a
bowl of spaghetti, something, or a
fucking huge wrench.
A monkey wrench.
Yeah, but no,
it should be fun, and they got some different
guys going this year, because it's usually the same guys.
They pick the most... They got some different guys going this year because it's usually the same guys. They pick the most
Ovi, Dowdy, like just
Yeah, they got some different faces coming this year.
Evander Kane's going.
I think he'd be a fun guy.
He'll say whatever, and, you know, he's got some personality to him.
So should we kick it off with the biggest story there, R.A.?
Yeah, man.
Nate Schmidt got fucking walloped.
Supposedly  not supposedly, he did
fail a drug test. It was apparently a
billionth of like a milligram, some
ridiculously small number.
For some banned substance, there's a lot of mystery
around it. Nobody seems to know, but he got 20
fucking games, which is a quarter of the season,
a little bit under a half a million. Wait, did we
say a half a million in salary? Just under,
yeah. That's it. That sounds light.
Either way, I don't know what his appeal process is right now, but guys, we say a half a million in salary and it's got to be just under. Yeah, that's it. It sounds like that sounds light either way.
Uh,
I don't know what his appeal process is right now, but guys,
what,
what could it have possibly be?
I mean,
you guys just played under the similar contract.
What could only be a billionth of that is going to get you that long of a
suspension.
Well,
I don't think,
I don't know if you've seen wet's body.
So asking him performance enhancing,
uh,
drug questions might be a bit off topic,
but,
uh,
we'll give,
give it a shake. What do you got?
Yeah, you know, when I was drinking milkshakes and putting whole milk in my
Reese's Puffs for pregame meals, I was very worried at the time there'd be a billionth of...
No, I mean, I read his... First of all, his statement he released through the PA.
He was furious.
I don't blame the guy.
I mean, he has scientific proof proving that.
I don't exactly remember what the guy said.
Can I chime in?
Yeah.
They said it'd be like a grain of salt in a swimming pool.
Yes, yes.
That was the exact analogy I couldn't think of.
And so I'm reading this, and I'm like, what is going on?
And I don't understand.
Is there no first strike warning?
Is that not how  there's not  I thought, like, baseball
isn't baseball you get a slap on the wrist,
or maybe it's, like, a shorter amount of games?
No, I think first offense in MLB is 80 games, and then after that it's a season, and then after that it's like a shorter amount of games no i think first offense in mlb is 80 games and
then after that it's a season and then after that it's lifetime ban so there's no way of there's no
way of i'm kind of asking you biz i mean is there no way they can they can look at it and say oh my
god like there's enough there was nothing in it and he said it was all stuff that his team had
told him was okay to take yeah the. The team's backing him as well.
The Knights said the team, you know,
we strongly disagree with the suspension, man.
It's something  it's fucking weird, man.
It's a weird thing.
Like you said, if it's his first time, 20 games and, you know,
a billionth of a whatever.
Maybe they don't care how little of it.
It must just be if it's in there, you're fucked.
It doesn't matter that it's a grain of salt in the swimming pool.
I'll say this.
Usually I read statements and I roll my eyes.
I read his and I was like, shit, man, I'm kind of on the fence about this.
What leans me toward his favor is the fact that he said he was taking all the
supplements the team had been giving him.
And I also was reading on Twitter about it.
Someone said some of these products that are being made,
that even though they're NF certified, what is it, NFS?
NFS certified?
They're being made overseas most of the time in China,
and they're made in the same factories as other products that aren't NSF certified.
And so sometimes some of it can get mixed in.
For the amount of dosage that he had
it seems as if though he he wasn't taking this to benefit uh health wise and and performance wise
where it was something that probably just got snuck in there that he was taken and and i mean
a lot of people go to the excuse hey i've been taking the same stuff forever and and it doesn't
have anything illegal but i I don't know.
For some reason, I kind of leaned towards his favor.
Yeah, and I remember it kind of brought me back to when I was playing.
People would always say, oh, do guys use steroids?
Guys use performance anti-drugs?
And to this day, I said, I don't think so.
Not that I knew of.
None of the guys I was friends with certainly weren't.
Maybe, I mean, there was a guy on a team here or there,
and people never believed me.
They were like, yeah, right.
I'm like, dude, I'm telling you, unless I'm completely moronic
and don't know anything that's going on in the locker room,
I'm telling you, my friends and guys I know real well
have never even touched anything illegal.
I mean, I guess if you're doing like Rogaine or something like that,
that can kind of pop up.
Didn't that happen to Jose Theodore or something like that?
I don't know.
Maybe I'm making that up.
But either way, I just never saw performance-enhancing drugs in hockey.
What about Adderall?
Was that Adderall in hockey?
That wasn't even big then either.
I was taking it maybe if I was going out.
This is not to discredit other sports, but you find it, I think,
a lot in baseball and football for the simple fact
that they rely so much on strength and in short spurts,
where I would consider hockey way more mental than those other sports,
other than maybe a quarterback in football.
So you're going out there it's all reactional a lot of guys aren't really trying to gain the edge physically
that much more where in football you see it so much because man if you have a good combine
that means from going from third round to first round yeah or or just being that much stronger
and faster i mean christ plays last about four what, four to six seconds in the NFL.
It's all about straight power.
100. That's a good point.
And, of course, I mean, I would say in the culture of hockey, it's just, I mean,
there aren't as many people just taking human growth hormone or steroids,
I think, on a level compared to other major sports.
That's my opinion from being involved in hockey.
This is a good time.
Just quickly, I want to throw out, if anyone knows,
I want to get HGH now.
I want to be on HGH.
I've heard it's expensive.
Biz, do you know anything about that?
Any listeners, can you help me out?
What do I do for that?
Can you do it legally?
Yeah, you can get higher grades of HGH.
I have an Asian buddy out of Vancouver.
What do you mean?
Where are the lower grades?
Well, no, just for like clean.
It's like can you get good wine or bad wine?
It's just cleaner.
It's filter.
There's less side effects.
You're getting more trusted stuff.
He basically said you can lift like twice your max in a day.
You're not feeling sore the next day.
I heard you're never sore.
But he said he could go out and crush drinks all night, would wake up not hung over he said his skin cleared up he said
there were a lot of benefits from it of course you're always going to deal with long-term issues
they i think it grows your your insides as well really well yeah i thought it was like healthy
like if you if there's a certain amount that you take that your body doesn't produce and it like can be very good for you uh no i i mean i would recommend if you just want to
work out more and get back in shape like testosterone shots are are way more legit
but uh as far as hgh man you just you just don't know what's going to happen in the future and of
course everybody's body's different you're going to react differently some people won't be as
affected by it some other people's that might fuck up their kidneys in no time so i mean i don't know all
right what do you think about it yeah i don't think peds really help hockey players i agree
with your biz i think that you guys are in such a special recovery though recovery it could yeah
it's one thing maybe i'm okay hgh i'm probably excluding that i'm talking about like steroids
i would i would guess that's what you were talking about a minute ago. When that's not something I ever associated.
Oh,
do steroids become a good hockey player?
It's like,
no,
because you are,
it's such a unique skill.
You're already doing like,
that's not going to enhance it.
There's no way that's going to make you play hockey better by.
Well,
there are cardiovascular ones that help you as far as your fitness level.
Anna Kournikova.
Is it?
No,
not Anna Kournikova.
Who's the other one?
The other,
the other Russian.
Sharapova. Sharapova. She I don't know I feel bad for this Schmidt guy doesn't seem like the type of guy I would
cheat and then it's pretty it's pretty tough to fake your your your anger and you could sense it
in that letter he was pretty riled up yeah you do feel feel for a guy because I mean apparently
somebody else either fucked up or he just wasn't told something.
And you don't think like a billionth of fucking a milliliter, whatever the hell it was, tiny, tiny specimen is going to fuck you like that.
And now people are going to label him as a cheater.
And he really didn't fucking cheat.
He didn't willingly like cheat the game.
Well, we don't know that.
We just believe that.
I believe.
Yeah.
Because the statement was so furious that, you know, I think there's something to it, you know.
It's funny.
I will say, I'm assuming he'll take this as a compliment.
Maybe not.
But right when I saw Nate Schmidt busted PED and I hadn't read his statement
or anything, I was like, whoa, that explains a lot.
That guy's an animal out there.
He never tired.
He's flying up and down the wing.
And then I read it.
I was like, okay, he didn't do it.
He didn't do it.
But still, I feel like that would be a compliment if somebody
thought I was on steroids
because I was that good. Sounds like I need to put a
grain of salt in my swimming pool. Fucking let's
rock and roll, buddy. Get Adam Oates on that phone
and we're now back in the NHL.
Maybe he's on the Eagle Energy.
Boys, speaking of, I know you guys,
Yandel laughed at me, so fuck that guy.
I am, I'm going to go three
months no booze and I'm going to get back in shape.
I'm making a fucking comeback.
Are you?
Okay.
I have friends who have tried doing that.
I love having beers here or there.
I still try to go to the gym.
My body's terrible.
I'm not looking for it to be amazing.
So I don't ever want to not have a couple drinks for three months
right but so here it is is is i'm trying to take this podcast to the moon with you guys and it's
the mental clarity that i've been enjoying and i haven't drank a sip of alcohol for eight days now
i'm gonna go 14 weeks till the end of november and boys i've been way more productive i've been
on that cbd, you know, and the
mental clarity is there. And, and, and it's also a body thing, of course, but, uh, it was, I've
become a little bit reliable on alcohol too. Every time I go out a couple of drinks here, a couple
of drinks there. I mean, all of a sudden I'm smoking my wee pen. The one thing I will not give
up is the marijuana. And that's, that's, that's, that's a fucking psycho thing. Like if I, if they
didn't have marijuana, man, I'd be on fucking benzos because i need something to relax man and
exactly yeah but half the time you're you're high you're you're not nearly as relaxed as you were
before so imagine how bad no no man that's just because i get i just get a fucking oh it's the
tea it's the tea guys hey it's the tea it's the tea that fucks me up it's that i got this caffeine
tea i'm buzzing.
Speaking of distractions, people were not happy about Seabrook
chomping on his gum during last episode's interview.
Yeah, people were rattled about that.
If you're talking and then, you know, like where people can hear you
and you're just chomping on gum, though, I could be listening
and be like, enough of your fucking gum.
Yeah, well, it's like R.A. with the breathing on the last couple podcasts with that big snow to his um but boys uh some a little bit of defense here for uh our
you know the caliber of play in the nhl we got an nfl guy claiming he needs six months and he can
crack a squad jalen ramsey right yeah take us away all right tell us the backstory here yeah well
you know i everybody
was chirping talking online oh what do you guys got to say about this and i looked and i was like
oh wait it's an nfl cornerback i'm like that's how they make their living they talk shit they're
like wrestlers like you can't take anything they say with a fucking you take it with a grain of
salt uh another one the swimming pool oh it's just like who cares like fucking i could be an
nhl player it's such a in six months it's such
a preposterous statement by a guy who i don't know much about him but the type of player a
cornerback in the nfl is it's like a wide receiver they're just they're cocky they're arrogant they
talk a lot of shit so i laughed man i was entertained by it i wasn't offended at all
wait did you hear about this oh yeah i heard about it. I thought you were going to go on an NBA rant when you heard that one.
You mentioned it, the cornerback.
These guys are the best shit talkers, and they don't stop.
Richard Sherman, man.
That's why they're taking all steroids in the NFL.
They don't stop yapping the whole game, and they're running around.
These guys are nuts.
Athletically, do I think he could get maybe as fast as an NHL player
and physically be able to do it?
Sure, maybe.
And this guy's a huge track star.
The muscle memory as far as skating muscles, I mean, six months,
I don't think he can do it.
As far as the mental capacity, man, I played hockey my whole life and I was
a borderline NHL guy. I don't think
this guy could even come close.
I don't think he could play in the East Coast Hockey League
and not look out of place.
Jalen Ramsey's a moron.
He's a shit-talking
D-back. Dude,
you know that what
we did, Biz, and what NHL players
do is on 3-16ths of an inch. You know the blade we did, Biz, and what NHL players do is on 3 16ths of an inch.
You know the blade on the skate at the bottom that cuts into the ice?
It's 3 16ths of an inch.
That fucking dummy couldn't even stand on skates in balance.
And he's saying in six months.
I bet he couldn't learn to skate.
Maybe it would take him a month if he did it every day.
He could finally skate.
Then you put a stick in his hand, dude. By the way, he would be playing wide month if he did it every day. He could finally skate. Then you put a stick in his hand, dude.
By the way, he would be playing wide receiver if he had good hands
because you know people play wide receivers.
D-backs are just wide receivers that can't catch the ball.
So I'm telling you, this guy is a moron.
He's just trying to talk his shit.
He's trying to bring down hockey.
All he does is run around a field tackling guys,
try cutting back and snapping breakout passes
and chipping it off the glass if you're Hal Gill,
who made a 15-year career out of that,
or punching somebody in the nose while bouncing on 360s and it's like your biz
or get punched in the nose.
More of that one.
Now, I would say this.
I would say the top-end athletes in the NHL would look less out of place
than any other athletes playing other sports.
And did that make sense?
No, because I think NHL players  imagine like Eberle and Nugent Hopkins
and you could start an NBA game.
Well, okay, so hear me out.
It would be essentially like a diacathlon but with the four major sports.
I don't know what you would call the four together.
But if you had to put, let's say Crosby, of course hockey,
he's one of the best in the world.
If you put him, and let's even count soccer or football for you fucking assholes
who are going to try to correct me.
Yeah, you heroes.
So if you stuck him in an NFL game, MLB, professional soccer game,
and what's the other major sport I'm missing?
Baseball.
I didn't say it.
Baseball, basketball, and all of them.
I think overall the best athletes in NHL would look least out of place
out of anyone else playing all the other sports.
Because there's no way one of them,
maybe one guy who's in the NFL who could jump on skates
and not look out of place in an NHL game.
Crosby could line up as a wide receiver.
Like he could still sprint and run a route.
Yeah, he's probably the same size as Edelman too.
Yeah, exactly.
And I bet you he could be a running back.
Well, maybe not with the noggin now, but.
Am I wrong here?
Imagine that skinny bitch
Durant trying to run a route
in the NFL.
You look like Bambi. It looks like Snoop Dogg.
He's skinny. I see Snoop Dogg
when he's playing hoopies. Those guys are too tall
NBAers. Although Randy Moss was
pretty skinny. Yeah, he was a bad
motherfucker. He wasn't seven feet.
Yeah, that's true.
Just while we didn't mention yet, the Kelowna Diaries are returning tonight.
We have the Shen brothers tonight, Luke and Braden Shen.
You went to visit them, Biz and Dornelli, both at the same time.
Good guys or what, fellas?
Pretty interesting.
Great guys.
Great interview.
They were actually more candid than I expected.
Braden told a great Ray Emery story.
And, you know, obviously that was right around the time when he passed away
and we were just kind of reflecting because we'd both played with him
and such an unbelievable guy.
And, you know, it's still heartbreaking, but he told a funny story about him
and it was good.
That'll be the last of our Kelowna interviews.
Beautiful house too with a gorgeous view, huh, Biz?
Oh, yeah, the Shens are popping off, man.
They live together?
No, no, Braden's place.
He did a little reno.
It was gorgeous.
And then Luke came over.
And Edmondson was over as well.
So we had a bunch of the boys.
So that's it?
That's the last of the Kelowna interviews, huh?
That's it.
And what other topics do we got here?
Oh, R.A., you brought this one up last week.
The Toronto sex brothel story.
Oh, yeah, blame it on me.
Yeah, that's right, too.
We still had that one we didn't get to.
Yeah, it's a sex doll brothel, man.
Fuck that, man.
Like, if you're going to fuck a sex doll,
just do it in the privacy and creepiness of your own home.
I usually don't judge when people do their own shit,
but why the fuck would you go pay to fuck a sex doll in a brothel?
I got some questions about this.
They said there's going to be six of them there,
six world-class sex dolls.
I think these things are
Are they hot?
I mean, I'm imagining they have a smorgasbord.
It's probably like the house that I walked into,
United Nations, get you a little something, everything, you know?
I don't know.
What do they do?
Does a guy just dump a load in one of them,
and then all of a sudden they come in with the face cloth,
and then it's the next guy's turn?
They, like, bend the rubber doll over and just get, like,
the shower hose right in there.
They're like, hold on.
We need five minutes for a cleanup session.
You'll be coming in right after this, sir.
Is there a madam?
Is there a madam on duty?
Yeah, yeah.
They're like, sir, yours is running a little late.
We had a big clean up.
This guy had a huge bat shaved up for Elizabeth, which is the blonde doll.
And you know there'd be some dude who gets obsessed.
He's like, at the bar, this girl's like, hey, you want to go?
And he's like, actually, no, I got to be up early in the morning.
And he just grabs his Uber with the already loaded address of the sex doll shop.
And you just lay into one of them.
I mean, a Mason Derriere for fucking sex dolls.
I don't get it.
And that's a fucking other Simpsons reference.
Toronto's a hell of a city though.
RA, did you read the full article?
I'm so curious to find out if these guys are just a quick cleanup.
I did.
They didn't really get into that part.
I don't know if they just got into the,
you know,
business part of it.
They didn't really get into the cleanup aspect.
I'm sure there's probably an alternate alternative weekly in Toronto that
might cover that or something,
but yeah,
I just don't get it.
Like I said,
man,
I'm usually to each his own,
but like the idea of going,
you know,
one thing,
if they're active women,
like,
you know,
on the Simpsons,
a fucking classic Mason derriere episode,
I just met the worst part of it. active woman like you know on the simpsons the fucking classic mason derriere episode i just
mentioned but the worst part about it again though the worst part about it is like well let me say
this if if a if a clean guy well well kept goes in this place and dummies one of them like let's
say he's a classy guy right i'm like yeah i'm not i'm not so mad going after this guy
but the type of guys going this have like hairy ball sacks never they got tendrils yeah they have
like dingleberries in their asshole they got fucking stinky loads because you know they're
not mixing in many fucking vegetables and shit oh yeah they got those little foompas like bud
like the the people that go to these things are sick fucking puppies.
Yeah, you think, dude?
Yeah.
No shit.
They're plastic dolls.
Well, the good news is, though,
is they're probably not getting many stids
because they're not banging regular chicks.
Yeah, until they go after the guy who's got crabs in his bush,
and then all of a sudden they're like,
oh, my God god what happened to me
can you imagine that story
you go to the fucking
doctor how'd you get this
you should probably contact
the girl who gave you these crabs
is it 50 extra go bareback
you should probably contact the girl who gave you
these crabs you gotta call the fucking place
oh it's a sex mall
you gotta call the rubber factory it's like what you're gonna call the rubber factory and
in uh up and up in uh what's northern toronto i butchered that oh that's what do you mean
northern toronto where are all those lakes oh moscoka the rubber factory moscoka
speaking of rules and regulations uh biz just before we started recording, the Hockey Hall of Fame announced that they've asked players
and people who get their day with the Cup to no longer do keg stands
with the Cup, and I understand why.
It could architecturally.
You could get a 280-pound guy in there, a big dude, pressing down.
It could potentially cause some structural damage to it.
So it's not like, oh, we can't have fun.
It's not that type of thing.
It's like, no, this could really cause damage to the cup.
It's something that really never started until fucking basically Ovechkin did it.
So I got no issue with it.
If it can really hurt the cup, then fucking just, you know, don't do it.
Just fucking do it.
If people did for 100 years and drink out of it, like me.
I was shocked that this is the first team to do keg stands from the cup i couldn't believe
that how is that how are they the first team oh by the way yance told me uh he told me he's been
skating with ovi and the down in florida and i don't know a couple weeks ago or whatever um
they're skating around keith's like how's your your weekend, Ovi? He's like, good, good.
I got the boy.
I got the boy.
And Keith's like, oh, oh.
He's like skating around.
He's like, I did two laps.
I was like, what the fuck?
He's like, Ovi, what do you mean you got a boy?
He's like, my wife, you're a boy.
We get boy.
We get boy.
She get boy.
Good boy.
I got boy.
I got boy.
I got boy this weekend. Man, how is he not more fluent in english
he's been over here forever i don't they don't care right they just don't give a shit i would
i would be the same exact way because i wouldn't it would get you out of interviews it would get
you out of anytime you're in trouble you're just like oh i didn't know i don't i'll say this about
gino i know that gino would turn the on and off switch man you're having like oh i didn't know i don't i'll say this about gino i know that gino would
turn the on and off switch man you're having a conversation that he was intrigued about he'd be
like well according to my hot pocket you're like who the fuck gave this guy an english major and
then if it's an interview he's like oh let me know speak english yeah no you know like what are you
talking about i just fucking heard you talking english in the weight room we were talking about
crushing puss like gino you he wasn't talking about? I just fucking heard you talking English in the weight room. We were talking about crushing puss. Gino, you were just
He wasn't talking about it.
He was just intrigued by our stories.
You're reading a Matt Christopher book, dude.
What are you talking about?
You can't
Biz, I mean, it's going back to your point.
It's probably been done before, even though it's not really a keg stand
because you're just kind of like lapping out of it.
But I just think the social media and the fact that Ovi did it in public,
I think that really brought fucking awareness.
It's probably been done some to some extent before.
It just wasn't blown up and everyone now, once he did it,
everybody's got to start doing it. And like you say, you know,
as a guy who's partied with the cup three times after, after the cup wins,
you know, I don't want to see anything happen to it.
I don't have to worry about it with, but was there ever Phoenix?
No, no, I won't. No, I wouldn't get the trophy though.
I wouldn't get to bring it home. I'm a fucking radio. I'm a backup. I feel like they would get it for win one. No, no. Well, no, I wouldn't get the trophy, though. I wouldn't get to bring it home.
I'm a fucking radio.
I'm a backup radio.
Oh, I feel like they would get it for a day, no?
The backup radio, right?
You'd get a ring.
You'd get a ring.
Yeah, they'd probably give it to me just because they'd ask me to fucking tweet about it.
Hey, you'd wear that ring every day, dude.
You'd be that guy.
Buddy, I got a Calder Cup ring.
You ever see me wearing that?
No, buddy.
Keep that in the fucking safe.
What are you talking about, man? It's harder to win a Calder Cup ring. You ever see me wearing that? No. Why do you keep that in the fucking safe? What are you talking about, man?
It's harder to win a Calder Cup.
Wits, do they give you a ring for winning the Eastern Conference, Wits,
back in 08?
No, they give you a little mini trophy of the Eastern Conference trophy,
which I lost.
Only the NFL gives back up rings.
The Wales trophy.
Yeah, I lost the top of it.
But what I was asking, Wits, is would you ever eat out of that thing?
I just feel like it's so cliche
and all these other guys are spitting.
No, we're not.
I think that
I'm more likely to
eat out of one of those dolls than I am
the cup.
I think that
a lot of people have been eating cereal out of there
and stuff. They must give it a complete scrub
down before they chuck some Cap'n Crunch in you.
I hope so.
Imagine what they did in the 70s and 80s, too.
I know what they did in the 70s.
Yeah, I know what they did, too. They used it as
a big bowl of friggin' blow.
Probably. That's allegedly.
And then they were ripping it up at parties
that didn't shut down for 24
hours. Kidding me?
More than a bowl of Coke reason.
There's an awesome documentary coming out, I think, about Grant Fierce.
You see that?
The Making of Coco, yeah.
They actually reached out to us.
I meant to reach out to Biz.
We got invited to go to the premiere, but obviously, you know,
we can't all make it to Toronto.
But, Paul, I can pass the information along to you.
Actually, you know, you're going to be busy in Arizona. They did invite us to the
premiere, but it's just something. September 11th.
And it's the same guys who did the Ice
Guardians. That's right, too.
Yeah. And then they're buzzing.
They got some good stuff. Ice Guardians was phenomenal.
I bet you this one will be just as good.
I still haven't seen it. I was in it. What?
Really? You haven't watched it yet?
No, I haven't seen it, guys. I'm the worst. I don't watch any television. I don't't seen it. I was in it. What? Really? You haven't watched it yet? No, I haven't seen it, guys.
I'm the worst.
I don't watch any television. I don't watch anything either.
Hey, I'm kind of rattled, Biz.
Every time we record, it's 8.16 right now, but for you, it's just 5.16.
You have so much of the night left.
I'm pissed off.
Yeah.
Yeah, I know.
I love being on the West Coast for that reason.
You have your whole day ahead of you almost still.
Well, I got yoga after this.
Really?
Dude, I turn into a fucking loser.
I'm doing yoga.
I'm not drinking.
You're such, like, a crunchy, like, West Coast pussy.
West Coast biz, man.
Go ahead, Darian.
Do you like the yoga?
No, that's it.
Actually, Tim Thomas got into it, like, right before he went on his cup run.
He fucking swore by it. it so no word of a lie signed up on uh i think i went saturday morning for the first time that hot yoga i've done a few before in the past this one was 90 minutes
20 minutes and i was lying down on my mat i did i did a couple bickrams at one point that's what it
is that dude those people are so weird.
I thought they were the weirdest people.
Like, if you do Bikram, you're a weirdo.
I bet you we have no Bikram listeners to this podcast.
Let's put it this way.
The dude got in trouble for, like, sexual harassment shit, didn't he?
Who?
They just stuff you in a room, and it's, like, 150 degrees.
You're sweating your balls off. And then you've got everyone else like next to you leaking all over you.
I'll say this.
You're dealing with a very granola and positive bunch.
I walked in and I got there early because I had to sign up.
And this one lady was talking to the lady at the desk.
And she was like just happy and giddy.
They just finished a class.
And she talked to her for like 10 minutes about her life.
And this lady, you could tell she's like oh my god put a goddamn bullet in my head right now because she
has to listen to all these positive people come in they just like talk forever and finally i had
to be like hey do you like do you mind if i sign up for this class you've been talking for fucking
10 minutes and i haven't even acknowledged my presence like 10 minutes talking to the checkout
lady that's fucking absurd right
and you know am i crazy here you know people are waiting to talk to her and you're talking to her
about your fucking dog and like how he's doing better because you're giving him cbd oil coming
from your hot yoga class where you sweat all over somebody and probably had a disgusting granola bar
yes and and 50 of the conversation does involve their pets. And as much as I love my dog Packer,
I ain't fucking talking for 10 minutes about him to someone.
Isn't there a wicked lot of farting in yoga too?
A wicked lot of farting?
That was the most ghetto sentence.
A wicked lot of farting?
Isn't it not?
Don't people just kind of fucking drop bombs?
No, people don't.
I'm like just ripped fart.
What are you talking about?
Well, I will say you get put in vulnerable positions and sometimes you're,
you're,
you're concentrating on other things where you're not controlling your gas.
Yeah,
it happens.
It's not like people are caught.
Like people have like wits,
like it comes another one.
It's like,
it's like,
well,
they slide,
they kind of slip out.
You can't help it more.
Right.
There's a wicked lot of them.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was a tough sentence though.
I haven't taken yoga since fucking college there's a couple couple more of our uh our recurring guests
or i guess was hannifin a first timer when he came on we were in boston yeah he was yeah that
was the first time oh yeah rich i'm rich bitch and who's even richer our boy blake wheeler so
take it away here with the contract sizes, R.A.
Blake Wheeler, man.
These are, what, the third guest after Tom Wilson, Blake Wheeler,
now Hannafin.
That's three guys to get paid since they've been on the show.
You're welcome.
Wheeler, five years, 41.25 mil.
That's an 8.25 AAV.
That's a big ticket.
Noah Hannafin, six years, 29.7.
He's a 4.95 AAV, just under 5 million.
So three guys, three names still unsigned RFAs,
Josh Morrissey, William Nylander, Donnell Nurse.
They may want to come on the show and cash in after
because that seems to be the theme lately.
But how about wheels, man?
8.25.
So I'm assuming Wheer has one more year
left this year on his past deal and then the five years kicks in i will say this uh maybe
maybe a minuscule overpayment but the fact that they got him for five years that's a perfect term
length i think that's a great deal for both sides and of course when you're going less in term
you're gonna you're gonna have to bump his salary up a little bit a great deal for both sides. And, of course, when you're going less in term,
you're going to have to bump his salary up a little bit.
But great deal for both sides. He's a great human being, and I wish him nothing but the best
because he got paid.
He's a premier top 5-10 point scorer in the league now.
I don't think he's overpaid.
I mean, that's the market.
If you're saying Sagan should get 10 million a year,
I mean, at 8 point,
whatever he got is right where he should be.
Right, but I'm basing that on the fact
that he's at the point in his career where
physically he may be
breaking down, and that's why
I think that... Listen, is he worth that?
How old is he? What is he, 32?
He's 32. Okay, okay.
I see what you're saying. I see where I'm coming
from, but nonetheless, he's worth everything he got paid.
It's just I think that they gave him probably an extra,
I would say 300,000 to 500,000 a year based on the fact
they didn't have to give him that extra six years.
That's my opinion on it.
Yeah, I mean, he could have technically got, what, seven,
eight years from them?
I think also, too, I mean, he's 32, but he he didn't start. He didn't start playing pro hockey at 18 either.
He finished, you know, he finished college and he was a bit of a late bloomer.
I mean, when the Bruins trade him, people finish college.
He did at least I mean, I'm sorry, three years.
He did.
OK, no, I was like, did he really?
Even though three years, decent amount.
I mean, that means he wasn't in the NHL till probably 22.
Yeah.
So maybe he was I call the NHL until probably 22. Yeah, so he was, I call him
basically, I guess he's a late bloomer, but
man, he's turned out to be quite the fucking bloomer.
I mean, last year, 2368,
91 points in 81 games, man.
That's fucking top-level stuff right there.
Yeah, and in no way was that an insult
as far as a lot of miles on the tire with him.
I mean, he's played just under 800
games, so, I mean,
typically when guys hit over a thousand
like they start deteriorating i mean it's just i mean before that before that yeah well
but he seems like he's got a good hand on his shoulders and i'm pretty sure he trains hard
so i i'm glad that they kept that core group together you know why because that central is
a fucking dog fight and they just beat the wheels
off each other all season and that's when the fucking
Arizona Coyotes are going to swoop in
and I'm going to get my
fucking ring wet and I'm going to wear it every goddamn
fucking podcast. I'm going to have to show it to your face
and I'm going to be doing fucking keg stands with that cup
when I get it, bitch. I'm going to actually
wear just my Speedo and my
cup ring to my Bikram classes.
I'll be
farting in everyone's face.
Cup and farts throwing on people's faces.
Boys, what did Hannafin get?
He got six years
29.7 for just under
5 million annual average annual
value. I texted him. I go, congrats,
man. You're so rich. He's like,
thanks. And then he was also
in Florida. A bunch of them were
there. Austin Matthews,
guys. He's
willing and wants to come on
Chicklets, boys. We're gonna get
him. He's a big fish, and it's now
just a matter of time. Oh, yeah?
I'll text him, because I want
him on. And now that Lou's
not on at all. I'm gonna read you the exact conversation
I had. Ooh. I'm gonna read you that conversation i had oh i'm gonna read you this
ground for seats i like this and i'll uh i'll leave out anything let me pull up this text
um okay yo wit it's no i'm at a camp in tampa matthews is my roommate said he wants to do
chiclets bad not a bad guest for you pigeons i guess he told biz but
got breezed by him and never heard back what yeah dude so nice guys guys guys guys i have been
telling you for weeks that we i want to get this guy on the podcast that's why i was wondering
what's going on here you gotta keep in mind i asked him to come on and he said yeah he would
talk to the pr guy from the Leafs.
He's a high-echelon player.
I don't want to be bugging him every week if we're not prepared going into
this interview.
If anything, I'm going to start harassing him now.
Fuck, I'll tweet out his fucking number.
I said, I go, biz would breeze Tiger Woods.
He's a mutant.
Tell him we need him, but we don't need him doing one of his TSN Sportsnet not saying shit type
interviews.
We need him loose and relaxed.
Yeah.
Minimum one kill story.
I got confirmation.
I'm not going to say exactly what was said, but he said,
Matthews will be on his game.
He's in.
He's a Chicklets fan.
So we got Austin coming up.
Nice.
That'd be like foreplay getting getting like, I don't know,
it's Dustin Johnson or Brooks Koepka
like a legit superstar, which they haven't.
So, Chicklets, thank you.
I love
everything about Matthews, man.
He's perfect for Toronto because he's got
that fucking swagger and he's filthy
and he embraces
the social media stuff.
I like how he pushes the edge with that for a guy of his status. He's,
he's a little aggressive on, on Instagram. I like it.
He's following girls left and right. Oh God.
I still got a bunch of, a bunch of people to follow too, man. I gotta,
I gotta add him. I think I slid into his DMS early,
like early when we started chick, let's know. Cause he said, yeah,
he said years ago he'd come on and then I don I don't know, it just never happened until now,
until we got Widow on board.
By the way.
We got him when he was on the Junior Roadrunners in Phoenix.
No, that's going to be awesome bringing him on.
But in the meantime, we do have the Shens from the last,
this is actually the last segment of the Kelowna Diaries that our boys,
Grinnelli and Biz did back, what, how long ago was that?
August?
When was that, July? How long ago did it honestly seriously man I felt like we were down New York fucking seven
years ago but it was only May so anyways we're gonna send it to you boys and the Shen brothers
and uh off to see the wizard this interview was brought to you by Quip when it comes to your
health brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts of your day Quip knows that
they've combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush.
Especially when you're getting old, things start falling apart on you.
You definitely want to take care of your teeth as you get older.
That's why Quip's been great for me.
It's the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations into a slimmer design at a fraction of the cost.
The bulkier traditional electric brushes that guide and pulses alert you when to switch sides.
Makes brushing the right amount effortless.
Comes with a mount you can suction right in your mirror.
It unsticks to use as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere,
whether you go to your gym bag, your carry-on.
It's great. It's nice and easy.
And because the thing that cleans your mouth should also be clean,
Quip subscription plan refreshes your brush on a dentist-recommended schedule,
delivering new brush heads every three months for just 5,
including free shipping worldwide.
Quip is also backed by a network of over 10,000 dental professionals,
including dentists, hygienists, and dental students.
Most toothbrushes don't get named one of Time Magazine's
Best Inventions of the Year, but Quip did.
Find out for yourself why.
Quip starts at just 25,
and if you go to
getquip.com slash chicklets right now, you'll get your first refill pack free with a Quip
electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets,
spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
dot com slash chicklets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s welcome back to another special very special edition of the colonna episodes uh or interviews i should say today on that episode we have
braden and luke shen the boys the shen boys oh thanks for having us on i've been waiting to get
on here for a while in arizona and you never really had time. We did a road trip in with Biz.
We did, which was awesome.
This is my first time.
I'm excited.
I was very excited.
I was excited for the all-star.
You know what?
You should have grabbed him in St. Louis instead of Keller.
That road trip into the Biz with Keller might have been the worst one I'd ever seen.
He's getting better.
I did him at the NHL Awards.
That was my second time there.
And I was touching on your all-star nomination this year.
Congratulations.
Thank you. Thank you, yeah. Is that your first one?'s my first one yeah in professional hockey yeah or anyone yeah yeah wow okay yeah so you're one behind me now of course i was a two-time
ech all-star i think everyone on the planet knows that because i mentioned in every interview
but uh let's uh i guess let's start out uh in childhood You guys were born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.
Did I say that right?
Nailed it.
Because Boyd Gordon gets a little weird if you say Saskatchewan wrong.
Yeah, no, that's exactly.
I mean, what's the cheesy Saskatchewan joke?
It's hard to spell but easy to draw because it's just like a rectangle basically.
That's what they say.
Is that a Saskatchewan joke I think that's
the first time I've heard it so I've heard it numerous times and trust me people will tweet
at you and let you know whether you're right or wrong when you're on our podcast so you'll you'll
be prepared for the backlash if you were wrong now uh you guys had both great junior careers uh you
got to spend your time in Kelowna which is is where we are right now, played for the Rockets. That must have been a time.
Yeah, it was unbelievable.
The Bantam draft in the Western Hockey League works where it's different than the,
oh, I think you get drafted at 15 there.
Here we get drafted at 14.
And I wasn't sure where you end up, and Kelowna's probably as good as it gets
in junior hockey anywhere.
So I was pretty lucky.
And they just won a Mem Cup recently before that, correct?
With Cam Paddock and those guys?
Yeah, they were hosting.
The year I got drafted, they were hosting that year.
Great research there by you.
Yeah, CTE is slowly coming in on me.
I've been fighting it off a little bit.
And then you played in Brandon.
I wanted to play in Kelowna back in the day.
We wanted to play together.
And it's funny.
We laugh about it now.
I got drafted to Brandon.
They were the only team that didn't talk to me before the WHL draft.
They ended up picking me.
And just because I kind of knew I think I wanted to go to Kelowna.
So we laugh about it now with Kelly McCrimmon, who's now the assistant GM of Vegas.
And it's funny now, though.
Looking back now, it could have been a better spot for me.
I played with Scott Glennie and Matt Calvert.
Glennie was eighth overall to Dallas,
and obviously Calvert just signed with Colorado there.
So it worked out well for me, and it was a great place to play.
Did you guys make any long runs in the WHL playoffs?
We went third round, back-to-back years.
We hosted the Mem Cup one year.
We lost to Calgary
in the third round
and then we ended
up making the
Mem Cup final,
but God beat 8-1.
Okay, so that's
a weird rule
about the,
I guess,
for the Memorial Cup.
I feel even if
you're hosting it,
if you don't get
past the second round,
you should not be
able to go to
the Memorial Cup.
Wasn't it Regina
this year?
Didn't they lose
out in the first round?
They had like, I think it was like 45 or something, 60 days worth like no hockey.
And they were just practicing.
And did they end up winning it?
They lost.
Were they in the finals?
Yeah, they lost in the finals.
Yeah, they lost in the finals.
Imagine they win the Memorial Cup.
That happened last year in the OHL, didn't it not?
Oh, a team that lost out in the first or second round ended up winning the Memorial Cup?
Yeah, yeah. I's just it's weird do you think that they should implement a rule where if you don't get past at least the second round that you should be you should forfeit
your your home your home field advantage and let the next best team from what you think because
like you know you're hosting so obviously you load up on players at the deadline and you know
you trade away all your young draft picks and then it's like, boom, you're done in the first, but you're like, oh, it's okay.
We can still win the Memorial Cup.
Let's go on a two-week heater.
Let's say, you know, maybe hit up spring break.
Yeah, exactly.
Go to Cabo for a couple of weeks and come back, check in and like, just, you know,
stay in shape, whatever.
Great tan, feeling good.
You know, basically did a full summer.
Okay.
So one thing I don't understand is the whl bantam draft
are you able to play at let's say 15 if you are are maybe exempt or or they feel you're ready to
go i don't know when's the last time it's happened i don't think there's ever been an exemption in
the whl i think that you're i think the rule is you're allowed to play five games as a call-up
and then once your your junior team or your regular team loses out in
midget or whatever if you get knocked out of playoffs you can join the team for the rest of
the year as an underager so like if you lose out in right whatever march and kind of like how the
ahl is with junior prospects exactly so um yeah i mean 14 is pretty early to get drafted and kids
start trying to commit and you know it's There's obviously a lot of different things with college eligibility,
and it's crazy rules, I guess.
Well, there was a few guys in the OHL who they exempted early on.
Jeff Doyle was a guy I played with in North Bay who got exempted,
got to play at 15, and I think they stopped doing it after Jason Spezza
and called it the Jason Spezza rule because he was a double underage
and obviously went on to have a very successful career Spezza rule because he was a double underage and obviously
went on to have a very successful career and even dominated when he was 15. But I think Taveras and
McDavid got it too. Correct and afterward they were like these two kids are just too good to
keep playing against Bantam kids or just you know 300 points a season might be a little excessive.
But you never got exempt? I didn't. Really? I was just okay what were you drafted in the in the bantam draft uh 20th
overall yeah yeah you're probably taking steroids out in saskatchewan
whatever what were you what did you go let me guess 20th no ninth okay so he so you got the
edge i got the upper edge early yeah so i guess we go to go back to junior for the edge because
fast forward both you guys back-to-back years were drafted fifth overall of course luke first you're a late
birthday though you're in 89 correct yeah and you're in 91 yeah but because you're a late birthday
it was back-to-back years fifth overall that's wild yeah it was crazy and yeah i mean uh i wasn't
really sure you know obviously you never know where you're going to end up.
But for me, you know, it all kind of worked out.
And then the following year was actually more interesting and nervous for me.
But I remember, you know, Brandon's ranked kind of anywhere in that,
whatever, three to seven, eight spot, like a lot of guys are, you know, kind of in that pocket, I guess.
And I remember it was Atlanta had the fourth pick, LA had the fifth pick.
And actually, the sixth pick was Arizona, and they took OEL. Wow. Same year, but I remember it was Atlanta had the fourth pick, LA had the fifth pick, and actually the sixth pick was Arizona,
and they took OEL.
Wow.
Same year, but I remember.
So thank God that LA stepped up and got you.
Yeah, but was it the morning of the draft?
Yeah.
Brian Burke came up to us in the morning.
He told Braden that, you know,
I'm going to try to make you in the blue and white tonight or whatever
and trade up or whatever because they had the seventh pick, and then Braden that, you know, I'm going to try to make you in the blue and white tonight or whatever and trade up or whatever
because they had the seventh pick.
And then it ended up not working out
and he never got the pick.
And so we thought we were actually
maybe going to play together in Toronto.
I mean, you ended up playing together.
We're going to get to that later.
But, you know, to talk about going to L.A.,
you guys, I was going to get into it a little bit too.
You guys had a little bit different approach where you were drafted to Toronto and you ended up making the team out of
camp and then you went to LA and you ended up playing a game in your first year yeah so my
first NHL game I ever played I was actually playing in the subway super series in Victoria
and the Kings were playing the Canucks in Vancouver the next night instead of calling a guy up all the way from Manchester all the way to Vancouver,
they found out some rule where I could, I think I signed an ATO.
Was it like a PTO?
Emergency recall or something.
Yeah, something like that.
So I flew to Victoria to Vancouver.
I didn't even know I was playing that night.
I had to make sure I could all go through because I was getting called up from junior.
And I flew my family in.
Actually, at about 4 o'clock, I got to the rink.
I signed the paper.
I knew I was playing.
And, yeah, I played my first game kind of coming out of junior.
And I remember it was funny.
Matt Green, he  I mean, I didn't even have a contract.
I didn't even sign yet.
So, Matt Green, he's like, hey, kid.
He goes, you going to put money up on the board? And I'm like, head coach in vancouver right now matt green no no no he goes you're gonna
put money up on the board he goes you'll pay me back in summer once you have a contract and i was
like all right so i put up a thousand bucks on you whoa thousand that was i mean they made that
was the going rate for fifth overall picks i'm sure
they made me so first NHL game we actually lost that game we didn't have to pay thank you a couple
minuses a couple buddy passes oh yeah yeah that's it's almost better that way though so you don't
have to like take take a i guess the night before sleep and you know you're rolling around nervous
about it kind of just happened randomly right yeah. I talked to my agent after the game in Victoria,
flew to Vancouver the next morning,
kind of checked in the hotel,
didn't go, I think I went to the rink.
Weston Bayshore?
Weston Bayshore.
How good is that pregame meal?
That might be one of the best.
Oh, yeah.
They have the salmon out, the steak,
they got the chicken.
Yeah.
But probably the only place
where it's not a stock pond salmon.
Where it's the wild. Pacific Rim is the best in Vancouver. Yeah in Vancouver yeah pack rooms there's a lot of hookers in the lobby
but uh that's a different that's that's for the retired guys podcast yeah exactly throwback
Thursdays the healthy scratches yes yeah or the guys like me that have to talk about stuff like
that to be relevant um one thing i want to talk about
was was the different approaches now was did you feel that there was a lot of pressure because
your brother had been drafted fifth overall and he was able to break right in and then you maybe
had a little bit of a different approach as far as took longer to to maybe develop into what you
needed to be well i seen him right away he came into toronto he's playing 18 20 22 minutes a game and i had a good world juniors the year before philly traded for me i
came to philly and they were already kind of loaded up you know philly's always spends the
cap and they had guys like you know i was a centerman so their centerman at the time were
drew danny brayer um who else that guy's like wayne simmons jake voracek james van riemsak
so there's a ton of players there so you kind of had to earn your ice and it took a long time for me to kind of you know coming
out of junior you don't really first time you ever deal with it playing you know 11 10 minutes a
night and then he took me a while to develop and stuff like that but no it uh it worked out in the
end of philly but yeah there was a little bit of pressure just because you kind of see how fast he
played and stuff like that and phil, somewhat of an old-school organization
where they want you to earn your stripes,
especially when you have guys like that in front of you.
And it's tough from going, like you said, from all that ice time and down
and having to earn your stripes and now play a role that you're not accustomed to.
Because three years a junior, you've just been lighting it up.
You're being put in every offensive situation, every power play situation.
You're getting all
your touches now it's the touches as a player is and i found that from when i went to d to forward
is all of a sudden i'm never touching the puck so when i get it it's like a fucking grenade
am i wrong here yeah i mean there's no question oh and when you when you do touch it you're like
okay how can i get rid of this thing without turning it over it feels like you got bees swarming yeah everyone's like you got time for the bench you're just throwing it away
yeah exactly exactly i remember i can't remember who told me but as a d-man like a similar sort of
like defensive defenseman who you're not exactly uh you know what do you call it a puck moving or
puck skating defenseman but when you got the puck on your stick for more than two or three strides
you know you're in trouble you're like okay who can i give this to if not just off the glass right oh yeah but
but uh you know to go back to philly uh you know you you kind of came in your own and you had a
couple i would say successful seasons where you're in the 40 point range yeah and then you ended up
having a breakout year does that is that finally from i don't know if it was a coaching change
whether it was finally they gave you put you in the position where you could succeed?
Haxtell came in that first year.
I mean, actually at the beginning I didn't really,
I wasn't playing a whole lot and then kind of made a switch
and I ended up playing with Drew and Vorchek.
So you know how that's going to work out.
Just kind of go to the net.
We could put up, me and Luke could put up 50 playing with those guys.
Put the big guys in front.
In practice anyways over there.
Debatable in games.
We'll count them.
We also did that.
And then, yeah, I didn't expect to get traded last summer,
but it happened.
Or two summers ago.
And it worked out, obviously, for the best.
Yeah, I was on a little golf trip with a few guys.
And we're actually golfing up in Newport Beach.
I've heard of it.
Yeah.
Spent a couple days there.
Ironic that you're headed there now.
It is ironic.
A little foreshadow for the next question.
Yeah.
We kind of had a few in the morning,
went down for a little power nap in the afternoon,
woke up,
watched picks like one to five,
woke up from pick 15 or 20.
My phone just started blowing up
and sure you know,
Ron Hextall was calling
and pack your shit,
you're going to St. Louis, right? My Comm was calling and pack your shit. You're going to St. Louis, right?
I love my Commodore reference, pack your shit.
I mean, and then, yeah, I mean, that must have been very surprising.
And you were, were you in a contract year or were you already locked in?
No, I went to arbitration.
It would have been.
One summer before.
Yeah, one summer before.
So they kept me for, I signed a four-year deal.
They kept me for one summer and then shipped me off.
And then, yeah, that was  and going to St. Louis,
obviously a great locker room there.
Yeah, awesome.
Great guys.
You know, the guys that are in that locker room.
You know, Steiner's been there for so long that he just kind of runs the ship,
takes control.
He's been there for over, I think, 10 years.
So guys respect him quite a bit.
And, you know, there's tons of good guys around that locker room.
Actually, one guy in the locker is actually laying on the lawn chair right there.
He's going to be a different episode.
Joel Edmondson.
He's getting his tan on right now.
We're going to talk to him about St. Louis.
He's another guy who lives in Cologne.
Side of beach access, though.
Shirt off.
I never know who he's passing by.
He's always scoping out the scene, this guy.
Joel Edmondson's one of those guys who you look at
his body and you're like, how is he so good athletically
out there? Because it's kind of a
milk bag body. Joel Edmondson, have you seen him?
Can we get him to
stand up? Yeah, stand up.
He's good. Maybe it's
the hair and the jean shorts. Maybe you got the wrong
Joel Edmondson.
This guy's got abs everywhere. I guess it's not bad.
Let's see it. Stand up for us, Joel. Stand up. We. This guy's got abs everywhere. Well, I guess it's not bad. Let's see it.
Stand up for us, Joel.
Stand up.
We want to see your six pack.
Oh, he's got a sweaty...
Oh, wow.
Yeah, he is pretty jacked.
Yeah.
Wow.
Yeah, you got the wrong guy.
I thought you were testing for PEDs nowadays.
So...
Yeah.
Well, enough about him and his body.
Hey, you know what?
Your research has been good so far,
except for Joel Edmondson's milk bag.
That shirt was covering it up.
It didn't do him any justice.
He's got to get some Lulu tight-fitting stuff or something.
But, you know, let's go back to Toronto.
You know, you played, what, four seasons there?
And then, I mean, the media there is out of control.
Did that wear on you a little bit?
I enjoyed it, you know, but it's just different, right?
Like I didn't know any different in the NHL.
I mean, obviously, you know, you know that a lot of southern markets aren't like that.
But yeah, Toronto's a different beast when it comes to, you know, how much people care in the media coverage.
You know, I remember coming off the ice and pre-game skates
on a Saturday and you know you're playing Montreal or New York or whoever and you can barely even get
to your locker room stall because you know it's just covered in media right so it was crazy that
way but um it was good it's just you know I would have loved to play in Toronto you know like they
are now a team that's you know fighting for a playoff. And we had a lot of years where when I was there,
we were kind of not at the top half of the league, I guess.
So it would have been unbelievable to experience that.
But it's definitely an insane hockey market for sure.
And then fast forward a little bit,
then you guys get to finally play together in Philadelphia.
And I'm sure that was a treat for the parents,
save money on flights and maybe stay at your guys' yeah we stayed in the same uh condo complex so he just had the
the condo a little bit bigger and better uh above mine so it always go up and there'd be some
fresh cooked meals and stuff like that and he always took care of me because you were with
your your girl at the time yeah you guys married yet uh no we were engaged the one year but um yeah it was kind of
funny because you know your your condo or you know like you said i was about i don't know six or seven
floors above and sometimes you'd be like going down to the basement it's going down to braden's
place go play like you know video games or do whatever so it was uh it was awesome though just
like driving the rink together everything you know it, it was awesome. Oh, yeah, it must have been great. And, of course, we were talking, you know, off the mics about Ray Emery.
We just found out the horrible news and, you know, such a great guy.
I got the chance to play with him with the Ontario Reign
and we were just telling some funny stories about, you know,
how he was a bit of a hothead and did things his own way,
but everyone loved him.
You know, he smiled, it lit up the room, and just a great teammate.
Yeah, go ahead.
No, I was going to say, yeah, you nailed it.
Like, unbelievable teammate.
Obviously, you know, everyone has stories about Ray.
Like, if you come across this guy, I mean, everyone's got stories
that just basically go unmatched any other guy you've really played with.
And, you know, everyone everyone a lot of his career i
guess was seemed like public knowledge a lot of off-ice stuff but i just remember one story for
us i think we pulled up the stats just before we got on yeah you got to tell this story i loved it
yeah so we we i think we went oh and whatever seven in pre-season and uh i think coach got
fired a few games into the season. And then what was it?
Well, you guys started the regular season 0-3.
And you told me Laviolette got fired.
And I was like, wow, that's pretty soon.
It seems like they had it cocked and loaded.
But then you followed up with, well, we went 0-6-1 in preseason.
And I'm like, okay, that's maybe not as bad as I thought.
Yeah, which a lot of people don't put a ton of stock into preseason.
But there's this kind of, I don't't know an energy coming out of training camp we're like okay
we need to it was like pressure already which was weird but anyways we uh you're like i'm just
trying to get my legs here yeah and we're fighting for a playoff spot yeah game one yeah so what was
this what was the start three and eight we're three and eight to start three and eight and then
um i remember we were playing i think think it was Friday night in Philadelphia,
getting blown out.
And Philly fans know how they can be in chatting and booing.
Oh, they'll turn on you.
Throwing stuff.
Throwing snowballs at Santa Claus.
Yeah, exactly.
So third period, sure enough, Ray goes in.
And we play the next night in New Jersey.
So Ray goes in.
I think they're saving him for that game anyways.
But the score is out of control.
They throw Ray in. There's a scrum in the far end and all of a sudden I think
Wayne Simmons starts losing his mind and who's he with Scrapp and Tom Wilson Scrapp and Tom Wilson
yeah so that kind of breaks out and I'm on the bench Brayden's actually in the far end Scrapp
and Tuna I look and all of a sudden Ray peels his mask off and just sprints down to the far end I
can see Brayden Holpe like basically look out of the corner of his mask at the far end being like, oh, no, this is getting outrageous.
Don't make eye contact.
Don't make eye contact.
I think he gave it to Holt right away and brought him up for another one.
Obviously, the refs are off doing their own thing,
and we're going to New Jersey the next night and beat them.
I think that pretty much turned our season around.
The stats we just looked at.
Yeah, you sent me a  Nine and I think that pretty much turned our season around it's right that's we just looked at me so yeah you send me a so nine and four after that basically you know new school hockey fans
and maybe media would not like this stat but you're you guys are insinuating it rallied the
troops 100 and you guys were all about it afterward I mean here I'm going to check the
the stats you sent me so you did start the season three and eight, and then Emery just goes completely ballistic
to get the boys fired up.
And then in November, you guys go nine, four, and two.
And then in December, you went eight, four, and two.
And big credit to Ray Emery to wake the boys up.
And you, Brayden, you had to fight
one of your junior teammates.
Yeah, I fought Alex Erbaum.
Ray, it was Simmons fought first,
and then Ray went down the ice, beat up Holtby,
and then I feel like your goalie's fighting everyone else.
So Vinny Lecavier fought that line brawl.
I fought Alex Erbom,
and I can't remember if the other guy was on the ice.
I don't know if he fought or not.
I think Vinny broke his hand in that fight.
No, he broke his jaw.
His jaw.
Oh, that's Alexiak.
Hit him with one and broke his jaw.
He's out like six weeks after that.
Oh, no.
But yeah, Ray, as far as team-wise, like we
How loud was that building when Ray Emery went down to the end?
Oh, I remember it like it was yesterday.
It was insane.
You know, and people in Philly.
If you get like pumped eight-nothing, but there's a line bro going on,
like they're like, oh, these guys, we love them.
Like they can stay.
Let's not trade anyone.
Just a very old-school city, very blue-collar.
And, you know, I love that stuff once in a while.
We don't need it every night, but it definitely gets the blood going.
People talk about it.
It's incredible.
And you, Brayden, had a funny story about when you were early in your career about Ray.
Yeah.
We all know he was a hothead, and nobody shot above his waist in practice.
So I played with him, I think it was my rookie year, just after that.
And then he went to the KHL.
And we had no goalies at the end of the year.
And so Paul Holmgren signed him for the last, I don't know if it was like
a month of the season or whatever.
And after the practice, Jeff Reese grabbed me, our goalie coach,
who's now in Dallas.
And he goes, yeah, we've got to do some shooting after with Ray.
So I'm like, oh, yeah, no problem or whatever.
Guys kind of leave the ice.
And there's probably, I don't know, seven or eight of us left on the ice,
a couple forward shooting on Ray. And the drill was like you go leave the ice and there's probably i don't know seven or eight of us left on the ice a couple forward shooting on ray and uh the drill was like you
you go down the go down the boards there's a cone underneath the bottom of the circle and you had to
go underneath the bottom of the circle either wrap around or you know try and shoot the puck
short side yeah yeah i mean that's kind of what it was so the first time i go down and i just kind
of shoot it off his ribs and it goes in and i'm like oh like all right like i'm not gonna wrap it around like he's gonna stop it so you're
gonna try something else go back in line a few other guys go and then uh go back and do the exact
same thing and i shoot it off his ribs and i can't remember if it went in or not and i kind of go back
to the line i look over my shoulder and rory emery's chasing me down he slashes me in the back
of the legs while i'm grabbing a sip of water and i turn around i'm kind of smiling he goes you think that's you think that's fucking funny and i'm like uh no no i'll
just kind of do it like i was young i was like i'm just doing what i was kind of been told he goes
fucking do it again i'll beat the shit out of you so i mean no one kind of knew him to mess with
ray obviously he's a great teammate and uh he was uh he was tough you said you said it too though i
mean like when he came after we signed him like like, guys had had him before, and everyone's like,
Ray, like, you're not shooting above his waist in practice, right?
You have a team meeting.
You have a team meeting and say, boys,
just don't shoot above his waist.
During games, he'll stop those ones.
Let's keep our game.
He'll literally chase you down.
But, like, Brayden, we were talking about earlier.
I mean, guys were laughing after practice.
Everyone shot, like, literally right along the ice.
You're so scared to even get, like, to because like his first time we played him everyone knew what
he's about and he came back from the cage hell and i remember that first practice we were laughing
about it after it was like everyone forgot how to race like it was like worm burrow it's all on the
ice just for ray like no one wanted to hit him on the shoulder hit him high just because you knew
it was going to happen and you know that the the legend grows when we were playing in ontario with
the rain la king's farm team and we picked him up and signed him to a PTO.
And same thing.
Everybody was super excited to get him because I'd met him at BioSteel so many years
and hung out with him and had, you know, we'd been out and had some fun together.
And I pre-warned the guys, and we had one kid on our team, Horvat,
and he would shoot it high on him.
And Emery would stop it, and he would shoot it at him at his
head in line when they were in the corners.
But Horvat was
a bit squirrely too so he wasn't coming
off him trying to score up top.
He got personal. They would have some
battles and
we can't say enough about how good of a guy Razor
is and he was living at the hotel with a bunch
of other guys on the PTO.
And he would take these guys out to Fleming's every night and take care of the bill.
Just a very generous guy.
And he'll surely be missed.
One other thing, too.
We were talking this morning.
Just one more story.
He always carried a, like, you know, most guys.
The Louis Vuitton wallet.
Yeah, he still had it.
He still had it.
Most guys just carry, like, a little wallet around.
Like, you know, you throw your ID in your back pocket, maybe a couple bucks or whatever,
and your credit cards and whatever.
Ray had this huge wallet, like Louis Vuitton wallet,
and he lost it.
I mean, where did we play with him?
A couple of years.
He must have lost it like half a dozen times.
And every time, it's like he just lost your wallet.
A couple grand cash inside.
A couple grand cash, but passport in there every time.
Like, I remember the one time we flew from,
what was it, like Dallas to Ottawa,
and we had to like delay the flight
because like he lost his wallet,
which had his passport in it, and he couldn't cross the country trademark though he always had that
always carried it around yeah so when he came to ontario he came right from the airport to the
rink and i came in that morning we weren't sure when he was going to be getting there
and i came in right to the trainer's room and there was this big huge louis vuitton suitcase
oh yeah razors here yeah just louis everything i was actually surprised his pads weren't made And there was this big, huge Louis Vuitton suitcase. And I was like, Razor's here.
Yeah, just Louis everything.
I was actually surprised his pads weren't made out of Louis Vuitton bags or whatever.
Seriously.
Yeah, I know.
But yeah, I know he's one of a kind for sure.
And yeah, so I mean, I'm sure we'll have a lot more conversations with guys about him.
He was a very special guy and very sad to see him go.
Moving on here, you got obviously you're back in st louis uh that's going to be huge now moving forward you guys picked up some
pretty big boys in free agency yeah i did a hell of a job this summer like we're all pretty excited
here uh you know i feel like we're pretty deep right with uh winnipeg and nashville obviously
at the tops of our division last year you got've got to be able to compete with them.
They did a great job.
Obviously, Ryan O'Reilly, one of those guys that does it all,
kind of shut down centermen while puts up points.
He'll help us a lot.
Then Perron had a career year in Vegas last year.
He can put up some points and bring in a guy like Big Maroon and Bozak to help us.
We're excited, and I think our division just seems so good right now that we kind of have to be right there with them well i think with your core group too you guys
have about a you know probably around a four-year window now to really get things done and you know
credit to armstrong because he's kept that team relevant a long time and and made some moves in
order to kind of keep the age down and the big big contracts for those old guys out of there too
yeah i think, just from an
outsider perspective too, like obviously you know
that they've got some
good defensemen too. You've got big Joel Edmondson
who's still here.
Now he's got his shirt back on.
No, but obviously Pat Trill and they've got
a couple of other good young defensemen too.
Perenco, that guy's a gazelle.
He takes two strides
he's down the ice yeah one man
breakout that guy pokes but they managed to do it they managed to do it with keeping all their
like young prospects too like they they gave up a couple guys but you know obviously a lot of the
guys they wanted to keep like they're asking for like joel edmondson like joel edmondson yeah i
don't know if he's a prospect but not for Hope for a big contract here coming soon. Yeah, I know.
He's holding out.
What a piece of shit.
I hate guys like that.
He's played, like, what?
A half a year in the NHL?
Has he even played a full season yet?
I know, but just when you talk about it,
you want to keep your core group together for the next four years.
You've got guys asking for too much.
You can't do it.
Well, you can't do it.
It's types of guys, like sixth defenseman getting really selfish.
And, you know, maybe
seventh, like, you know, the lineup kind of guys asking for what, 5 million a year.
It's just like, you can't keep the core group.
But you can never fault the guy for being too overpaid.
No, never.
So let's hope his, uh, his agent, the Hamburglar gets it done and they can keep that core group
together.
But, uh, Luke, I want to congratulate you, you know, last year, probably a little tough
towards the end.
You were in and out of the lineup with the Coyotes,
and you hit free agency, and you're signed within a couple days with Anaheim.
I'm happy for you.
I thought last year, going through that tough time,
you handled yourself extremely well.
You were the ultimate professional.
I've been there, getting bag-skated after practice on game days.
It's a nightmare.
Yeah, I know. It's a nightmare.
Yeah, no, it's not easy.
I mean, no one wants me in that situation. But you obviously want to, you know, try to keep moving forward and be a good teammate and, you know, all that.
And at the time, you know, the team was playing well, too.
So they weren't going to start messing with the lineup, which you understand that.
But obviously it's frustrating.
And, you know, everyone goes through ups and downs in their career for sure.
And lucky enough to get another opportunity here and move on to another team
and I'm looking forward to the opportunity with Anaheim and you know hopefully that's a good fit
and kind of like St. Louis where they got a you know some good young guys but also a lot of great
veterans and they're still kind of in that window and you just want to you know help out and
hopefully have some success with them well we wish you both luck this season and we really appreciate you taking in,
taking us into your home, Braden. It's a beautiful spot on the water.
It must be nice to go for a surf later. Did escrow get lowered?
I think so. How do you afford a place like this?
Escrow.
Oh yeah. Fuck man. I got a one bedroom in Vancouver.
I'm just struggling to make the payments, man.
There's no escrow in the A.
I got to do podcasts for my side hustle.
There's no escrow in the A, though.
That's true.
Or in the booth.
Or in the radio booth.
That's true.
So, once again, thank you, guys.
And we're going to continue our Kelowna edition moving forward here with more interviews.
But good way to kick it off.
Yeah, thanks for having us on.
Yeah, thanks, Biz.
Beauty.
That interview was also brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event,
whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift, or searching for a last-minute deal
to see your favorite NHL team, SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed. Nothing beats being
there in person for the biggest plays of the year and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for
a great value. I've had the SeatGeek app on my phone since I think I went to the Mean Girls
concert when we were down in New York. I use it all the time. Pearl Jam was just a family the
other day. It's the best thing you could use. A few taps, it tells you exactly where your seats are going to be. It's always guaranteed. No BS,
no dirtbag scalpers, no handing cash over to somebody that disappears. SeatGeek app is perfect.
It finds all the sites. It finds the best prices, tell you how many tickets you need. It tells you
what you're paying, all kinds of bang for your buck. Every purchase is fully guaranteed. You
can do it with confidence. Nobody's going to beat you. It's your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket.
I use it for Red Sox, Bruins. Like I said, Pearl Jam at Fenway, man. They had great seats all over
the place the other day. Best of all, our listeners get 10 off their first SeatGeek purchase. Just
download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today. That's promo code Hockey for 10
off your first SeatGeek purchase. SeatGeek.
Right seat, right now, right from your phone.
Huge thank you to the Shen boys,
not only for jumping on the interview,
for being as candid as they were,
and allowing me and Grinnell to
use their place to bank a couple other
interviews. We got Edmondson in there, and
did we do a phone one? No, just them.
Just those three
okay okay well i hope uh i hope r.a and wit enjoyed their time off while me and grinnell
went and carried the pod on our backs but uh that's what i expected when you were brought
in here you were that guy you were our leader and you know what and that probably went to more
golf time and speaking of that what's the latest what's going on with this oh oh oh you shall mention okay uh yesterday was labor day in the united states it was monday
everyone had it off so i headed on down to tpc boston to watch the final round of the dell
technology championships whatever it's called it's the second playoff event. They have it in Boston. Next year it's not going to be there, but either way.
I had 200 people ask my buddies that were with me.
They couldn't believe it.
Fuck Riggs, go win.
Team Whitney, check us out.
200.
Dude, dude.
I'm not exaggerating.
I fucking love our fans, man.
I ran into Chris Wagner, Boston Bruins, buddy of mine,
and people had no clue who this pigeon Wagner was.
They were just like,
Hey, Whitney, get in the fucking cloud.
Wagner's like, I like this guy's little bruins.
Nobody even knows who he is.
He's a podcast guy.
Hey, you're talking about the Wagner that was in Anaheim?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, buddy, that guy is a fucking honey badger.
Honey badger.
He runs guys.
He's not scared to fight.
He can play.
What a great pickup.
I didn't know they got him.
Wow.
What a great pickup.
Like, you know, can kind of play up and down the lineup from around here.
Local kid, Boston Bruin, and they're yelling at the
Chicklets guy to beat that fucking
Bozo Riggs. It was incredible.
And then I don't know if you guys saw,
Riggs has one best friend on tour.
Kevin Fisner.
The guy's best friend, he's his
swing coach. This is legit.
He helps Riggs out with his swing.
This guy's got a swing coach?
I have 150 plus NHL friends. Riggs has one his swing. This guy's got a swing coach? I have 150-plus NHL friends.
Riggs has one friend on the PGA Tour.
And they asked the guy, the kids that came up to him, they go,
we videoed Kisner and asked him who's going to win, and he said you.
Oh, no.
He still said you.
And I was like, you guys are lying.
These three kids, they were unreal.
They loved you.
It got posted, didn't it?
I was going to guess.
They must have been 16, 17. I feel bad for Riggs. They were just coming up. They three kids, they were unreal. They loved it. It got posted, didn't it? I was going to guess. They must have been 16, 17.
I feel bad for Riggs.
They were just coming up.
They're like, chicklets.
Fuck it, eh.
Any further.
The kid goes, keep cranking on the pod.
What does that mean?
No, I just like, I don't know.
These kids talk a certain way.
He goes, keep cranking the pod.
I was like, I'm going to crank the pod.
Yeah, you'll crank away.
And then all of a sudden, so those kids told me,
we got the video. Kisner thinks you're going to win.
It's his only friend on tour.
Not his only friend.
Not his only friend.
It's his best friend on tour.
To piggyback what you're saying, Witt, is our fan base is growing.
We fucking love you guys.
I mean, Witt, you have a private account,
but R.A., you must be getting tons of DMs now.
Before we get to that, I just want to talk to you for a minute about 23andMe.
23andMe, it's a DNA testing service that can offer insights into your ancestry, health,
wellness, and traits. The 23andMe health and ancestry service includes reports on how your
DNA can influence your weight, your sleep quality, caffeine intake, sense of taste,
and whether you're likely to be lactose intolerant, and even more than that. It's real easy to do. You simply provide your saliva, put it into a tube, you provide it to
23 and me, you mail the kit back to them, and then they'll give you your analysis. I'm actually,
no lie, I'm in the process of doing this myself right now. I've always been curious about my
ancestry. I know I'm mostly Irish, but like a lot of families, there's rumors of certain
ethnicities that may or may not be in the family. So I'm going to get an answer once and for all.
Like I said, I already sent my kid in.
I'm going to wait.
The next time we do the ad, I can give you the results.
Like I said, if you're a deep sleeper, this stuff can look into your genealogy, your DNA,
and tell you if you're more likely going to sleep late or not sleep late, lactose intolerant, stuff like that.
You might want to know about yourself, me personally.
I'm more down with the ethnicity part, the genealogy part. I'm dying to know where I might have relatives
from. So check it out. It's 23andMe. You want to go to, I'm sorry, order at 23andMe,
Health and Ancestry Service Kit at 23andMe.com slash chicklets. That's the number 23 a-n-d-m-e dot com slash chicklets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s one more time
two three a-n-d-m-e dot com slash c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s i can't even fucking keep up man all these fans
keep messaging me i'm glad i'm glad you brought that up and i don't want to sound arrogant
anything it's impossible to keep it to keep on top of them.
I wish we could.
It's like  I mean, it's great.
I try to reply to some of them here and there, but it's, like, overwhelming, man.
I mean, I don't remember how long it took me to get 10,000 followers on Twitter.
It took a while, dude.
With Instagram, it happened, like, overnight, man.
It was, like, boom.
You know, obviously.
Yes.
So anyone that we don't get back to on social media, guys,
like, don't take offense to it. It just it's a little overwhelming we love you all
i i try to answer like 10 a day but i do i do need somewhat of a life so uh we appreciate your
support and we'll try to get back to you as uh as soon as possible you know what we're gonna do
we're gonna make grinnelly answer them all i just clicked on your profile. Rear Admiral, you have 11.4 thousand followers.
And I actually wrote something on your picture of that pizza last night, dude.
That pizza looked like it was straight out of a dumpster.
Where is that from?
Dude, that was fucking Santapio's, dude.
Oh, dude, you got to learn how to use your fucking camera on your phone, though, to like spice it up.
That's what everyone says.
I'm not a big
filter guy. I don't know.
I just don't use filters.
It's like two-day-old pizza that you
got from a fucking
tasted as good as the previous million
I got there.
I say don't change a thing,
but I will say this.
You know how all these girls know how to work the angles on the phone
to make their fucking asses look better or their modeling shots?
You are the complete opposite.
Everything you post, I'm like, man, did he fucking try to take
the worst angle possible?
Did he take that picture with a baked potato?
I thought he could look so much better.
It's insane.
It's like he smudges a screen on purpose with his thumb and then takes the photo.
He gets his thumb in the way.
Hey, he'll take a video, and his head will be in, like, the bottom left-hand corner.
It'll just be his eyes, and he'll be taking a video.
He's like, all right, just fucking center the goddamn camera, man.
What the fuck?
Being hotsy-fotsy. Anyways, yeah, you guys killed it in Kelowna. Also, a few other camera, man. What the fuck? Being hotsy-fotsy.
Anyways, yeah, you guys killed it in Kelowna.
Also, a few other names, too.
We still haven't dropped Jack Eichel and Noah Hannafin.
That's two for one.
We haven't dropped McAvoy and Donato, another two for one.
And personally, I think it's the biggest bum we have still in the bank waiting
is Ryan Reeves.
I think that's going to have a nice ripple effect when he drops.
We screwed up the Reeves interview so bad.
Remember what he said, text you after the biz?
We'll have to tell him.
When we ended up airing it, we can explain how we screwed that up.
Brent Sobel.
Sure.
We got Brent Sobel.
Oh, yeah.
We got Brent Sobel.
Oh, yeah.
That's right, too.
Yeah, they did that one after the Warrior Day.
Brent Sobel, unbelievable.
We got the ultimate Russian gas story, too.
It definitely takes the cake.
And I guess to finalize, guys, I know we've been telling a lot of, like,
kill stories and sex doll stories and how Sano returns.
Ultimately, we want to talk about hockey.
It's just there wasn't a lot of hockey to talk about in the last month.
The good news is we're going to be breaking down every division coming up.
We're going to be back to two episodes a week in the third week of September
leading into training camp.
We have a ton of good banked interviews.
We're going to get some more.
Adam Oates' assistant reached out to me.
He wants to come on the pod.
That's going to be fucking funny.
Adam Oates?
Adam's assistant.
Adam's assistant, like, huge fan, man.
I can come on and tell you about Adam.
No, no.
Listen, I don't know anything personally about Adam Owens.
Apparently, he loves to chat about it.
He wants to come on the podcast.
I don't want to give too much away, but basically, on his behalf,
she reached out to me and said, we're going to work a time,
and he's going to come on, and we're going to talk about this movement
that he's created.
He's been busy.
She told me, I think he just skated with uh eichel and here
let me let me pull it up that'd be fucking dynamite man he's skating with eichel and reinhardt on on
tuesday of next week and then he's flying to winnipeg so might be a little tight for next week
but we will try to interview him at some point next week i believe he's fine in winnipeg but
you mentioned it already he he's been helping out uh shifley uh for forever and fuck man he's flying to Winnipeg, but you mentioned it already. He's been helping out Shifley forever, and fuck, man,
he's a top 15, 20 player in the league now.
So we got the hockey whisperer coming on the podcast,
and I'm very excited.
This hockey season is going to be a fucking blast.
We're going to give you so much hockey content,
and we got fucking Grinnelli moving to NYC.
Grinnelli.
He'll be on Boombl, the old Boombl. He'll be ripping up those apps, Grinnelly moving to NYC. Grinnelly. He'll be on Boombl, the old Boombl.
He'll be ripping up those apps, Grinnelly.
That's the only one problem with Australia.
Wi-Fi stinks.
Self-service stinks.
You can't crush Bumble and Tinder.
It just doesn't load.
Do they even have it there?
They do, and the girls are unbelievable on there.
But it doesn't load.
It just doesn't load.
Sounds like Grinnelly needs to find one of those sex doll places
in Australia here.
I think so.
Okay, boys. Well, great, great podcast.
I'm looking forward to the season. And once again,
thank you to all you fans.
We will see you guys next week. I'm out.
