Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Eagle Energy.
Eagle Energy.
No, biz, biz. I got this one, buddy.
Okay, yeah.
Eagle Energy started as a great idea.
Take all the benefits of an energy drink and remove the negatives to create an innovative product
that delivers caffeine faster without any calories or sugar.
What is it?
Eagle Energy is a caffeine inhaler made of all natural plant-based ingredients providing the user with a natural energy boost via inhalation.
What's in it?
Guarana, ginseng, and taurine.
The guarana fruit packs twice the concentration of caffeine than a coffee bean, enhances energy levels, mood, and reaction time.
Tell me more.
Eagle Energy, I'm sorry, each Eagle contains approximately 400 inhalations and can last a day or a week.
You're in control.
The suggested serving size is to provide a fast-acting energy boost with 25 consecutive inhalations.
When you inhale caffeine, it is metabolized rapidly.
Who wants to wait 30 minutes like a coffee or soda?
With zero sugar and zero nicotine,
it's difficult to find a healthier way of getting your energy boost.
Eagle Energy is perfect for someone who is always on the go,
whether you're studying or on a long trip, partying, or on the ski hill.
Eagle Energy is always within reach.
Go to eagleenergy.com, the promo code CHICKLETS for 20 off. Once again,
that's promo code CHICKLETS for 20 off.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 107 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports. Let's say hello to the fellas this evening.
Ryan Whitney, we'll go to you first.
Holy boys, do we have stuff to talk about?
Holy fuck, man. Jesus, I feel it. boys do we have stuff to talk about? Holy
fuck, man.
I feel like... Keep introducing
everyone.
Let's go on to our producer,
Mikey Grinelli, who also has some news we're going to
get to shortly.
Hello, gentlemen.
And our boy out in the dirty desert,
Paul Bissonette.
Fuck am I amped up?
We have been banking some content.
Smash bashing interviews right now.
Yeah, we're flying high right now after these last three days, eh?
I love retired guys so much.
Oh, man.
We got some good throwback Thursday interviews.
And, boys, we got some young bucks, too.
Let's not discount those.
We got Austin Matthews coming on soon.
I mean, I just, I couldn't believe too.
People are going to be fired up to hear that.
He's very laid back.
I didn't know what we'd get from a young superstar,
but he was not uptight at all.
So that'll be one people really enjoy listening to.
Yeah, it's going to be good stuff. We're going to be dropping
shit. I don't know. We're going to two episodes
a week next week. We got tons of stuff.
And we're what? Monday, Thursday?
Monday, Thursday drops.
Big season. Biz's
first full season.
Boys, I am so pumped.
Use a call-up. Don't get me started. I'm going to start
stuttering. I'm way ahead of myself right now, R.A.
I know.
And also, later this set, we're bringing back Eric Nystrom,
recurring guest.
He's going to come on and give us our thoughts since the last time
we had him on.
Long time NHL up.
New father as well.
Yeah, talking about that a little bit.
But, boys, all right, enough of the patting ourselves on the back.
Huge fucking news since the last time we met.
Tons of news.
To me, the biggest story happened today.
Finally, the trade.
Eric Carlson to San Jose for some, well, a shitload of pots, draft picks,
a few players, a few prospects.
But nothing.
But he's finally gone, man.
It doesn't seem like they gave up a shitload.
There were no major names, I'd say, in that trade.
But he's gone.
He's out west, and he's not with Ottawa anymore.
And this trade happened so soon to us recording the podcast.
I haven't had a chance to really get into the details.
Now, what does that turn into if Carlson, in fact, re-ups with San Jose?
There's got to be a bigger chunk of a prize on the back end
if he ends up there, let's say, another eight years.
It's just a conditional pick, I believe.
It's just, I mean, the bodies in the second round or a third rounder.
I mean, yeah, I'm going to pull it up now because like you,
we've been busy all day banging out interviews and stuff.
So I'm not I don't have I don't have all the facts right in front of me.
I'll pull them up as we're talking.
But either way, even if it's an extra pick,
I think the meat of the trade has already been given.
I mean, you know, all those bodies and picks. If he if he do if he does sign it is uh like i said a
conditional pick i'm gonna find it in a minute so so you so you're not a fan of the trade ra
no no no i'm not saying that no i i think i i mean san jose like i said i it doesn't seem like they
gave up any of their core guys to bring in eric car. So if I'm a San Jose fan, I'm fucking psyched today. Put it that way.
Well, I mean, I'm psyched if they end up re-signing him.
I mean, I think what they gave up for one year is fairly significant.
They gave up a first-rounder, a second-rounder, a potential, I guess,
pick if he re-signs.
We don't know what that is yet.
And then three pretty solid players.
I think this Dylan DeMello kid's a solid player.
And keep in mind, he's probably not coming back to Ottawa.
Do you guys think that holding on to him,
hoping he doesn't get injured for up until the deadline,
and then risking that they potentially get more then?
Is that the play?
Well, I don't care if it's for one year year you traded one of the top five players in the nhl
and you're giving me like yeah this guy's solid and you know this piece is okay and they got this
first round pick which will be what 26 28 san jose is good well it's a 2020 it's a 2020 first
round pick okay fair enough fair enough this. I know what you're saying about
do they hold on and did they wait
see him dominate
this year, hope he doesn't get hurt.
He couldn't start the year there though.
It was so obvious that he wanted to be gone.
It was over. The Hoffman
thing this summer, even though he's gone,
it's just been such a
whirlwind of a gong show in Ottawa.
It was a matter of time.
And I think they figured out what teams they were willing to deal with,
and San Jose put in a lot of work.
And I already saw a picture of Doug Wilson.
He must have been in Ottawa because there's a picture of him and Carlson
are together already.
Darren Dreger tweeted that.
So San Jose did a great job to become now my favorite in the Pacific Division.
Oh, I know.
They look good, man.
And I actually got a tweet from some kid.
Smart bastard, too.
Yeah, he did.
I remember that.
He checked the receipts on you today.
He said, no, he said, no, not that clown.
I'll go into that.
This kid said, boys, sounds like later today Carlson's going to San Jose
because there were rumblings.
I just hammered my future specific winner bet, the Sharks,
because you know their odds are going to get worse when they get him
latest after.
I said, holy shit, this kid's right.
This kid.
Yeah.
That's a smart play.
He's a shark.
And I went on my site, and they have no NHL futures up yet.
And now, you know, like the kid said, the odds have already changed.
So the kid who said I called, the kid on Twitter, he said,
I went, if Carlson signs in San Jose, you fly me out, play golf with me,
and I come on the podcast.
And I said, better chance I'll never play golf again,
saying, like, I would never fly you out, and you would never be on the podcast and I said, better chance I'll never play golf again. Saying like, I would never fly you out
and you would never be on the podcast.
And he's saying, I said,
better chance I never golfed at Carlson
went to San Jose.
Changing my thoughts.
That's how I read it.
That's how I, it's amazing how,
it's amazing how you,
like some people interpret things differently
because I interpret it the way he did.
Quickly, I don't want to forget. know how my brain I forget things imagine Carlson and Brent Burns on the goddamn
blue line during power plays seriously huh I don't have to laugh hockey fans they're buzzing around
imagine being a killer you know killers work their balls off not the most skilled guys most
of the time they take pride in killing penalties.
Hey, Boyd Gordon, right?
Imagine Boyd Gordon just trying to cover Burns and Carlson on the power play.
It is going to be disgusting.
And, Biz, I found it here.
Should San Jose sign Carlson to a contract,
Ottawa will receive the Sharks' second-round selection in 2021,
which would upgrade to a first-round selection, not lottery-protected,
if San Jose reaches the Stanley Cup final this season.
So there's a few other conditions.
Wow, boy, see?
See?
This could be significant.
And I would agree, if people are upset,
that they could have at least waited to a couple months in the season,
especially assuming that, let's say, a big defenseman on another contender goes down and it's time to make a move.
Sure. What I do want to talk about, the fact that you brought up those two defensemen,
what I love about the move for San Jose is their core forward group has gotten older.
is their core forward group has gotten older,
and they're not getting any younger,
and they're not going to be getting that same production up front that they had in the past.
I would say their back end was what was hurting them
when they couldn't get over the hump in the older era.
Well, now they already have Burns in the back end,
and he's a physical freak, okay?
So if they're able to trade for Carlson, lock him up,
all of a sudden with Jones in net and a couple other young pieces on defense,
you're slowly molding yourself into basically what Nashville is now,
where you're building your strength from the net defense out,
where all you now need is the hurdles and the don'tskoys
and the forwards chipping in about 55 points.
And, man, if you have a good back end and goalie,
you're always going to have a chance to win.
Guys, when do you think was the last time we've seen a team
with a 1-2 defensive punch with an offensive kick to them?
I'll tell you.
I'll tell you right now.
I'll tell you right now.
Who?
Yossi and PK.
No, they're not at Pronger-Niedermeyer level, dude.
Oh, no, no.
That's the main example right there.
Yeah, that Anaheim when Pronger came over there.
Whitney Letang.
Yeah, Whitney Gonchar, 2007, I think, 59 points.
Thanks for coming on.
How are you?
Yeah, I mean, I'll tell you what,
what,
what I,
what I'm really kind of interested by interested to see is that when you
gain a defenseman of this caliber,
some forward to you think are a little old,
maybe a little slow,
but are very skilled,
just kind of getting up there in age.
Haven't Carlson getting you the puck right when you need it every time,
right in stride whenever you're trying to create,
him finding you in areas that other defensemen couldn't find you,
it can make a forward just have a hell of a career year.
And it's not just playing with someone like Crosby.
Carlson's that good where he doesn't just make his defensive partner great.
He can make forwards have career seasons.
So I think it was an amazing move for a team who's very good.
And I also think to their defense and to have Burns and Carlson
and then a guy like Brendan Dillon, who I don't know about fancy stats.
Maybe they're good. Maybe they're bad.
I know he doesn't produce a ton offensively,
but a tough prick to play against who can skate and move the puck.
And that's the type of guy that they have back there now.
But just having another superstar makes him even more valuable because he doesn't have to play out of his role.
Then he's like the third.
You know, he's in that top two pairing, but he's not in the top pairing.
So we'll see what happens with their whole entire back end.
Kind of like, I know we haven't dropped the interview,
but we talked to Adam Oates the other night,
and it was kind of what he was saying, where it's like, you know,
great players make everybody else better around them.
And a guy like Collison, like you said, he's so good that everyone
who's on the ice with him.
He throws sauce up near the big screen that lands flat.
Remember that pass he made?
Yeah.
Was it against the Bruins?
I think it was.
He sent someone in.
Yeah, he's so good, guys.
He floffed it over the entire team. The guy caught it, like, on the far blue line. Breaka someone in. Yeah, he's so good, guys. There was a goal line. He floffed it over the entire team.
The guy caught it on the far blue line, breakaway foul.
Hey, Witt, I actually really like your comment about the fact
that making the forwards that much better,
especially with a guy like Thornton who's slowing down a little bit.
Carlson fucking takes the puck up ice.
Now all of a sudden you're in Thornton's office more time than not,
even though he's probably not the main reason why you're in the offensive zone
as it used to be.
And the best example I could think of is Bugsy Malone, my boy, the legend.
He will tell you, Sergey Gonchar made him such a better player.
Every power play he talked to him after, this is how I want you to screen.
This is when I want you to come up high for a high tip. This is when I want you to move to the side of the goalie.
And he made Bugsy an amazing net front presence. And he was a defenseman. He was an offensive
defenseman. So Carlson's similar in that way of being able to set guys up and tell them where
he wants them to be to give these guys chances to have career seasons. It's exciting.
And if you're a Sharks fan, that place already buzzes for games.
I love playing there.
Yeah.
And look, I mean, the Pacific Division.
20 tickets for my family.
Pacific Division.
Now you got, you know, Dowdy, OEL, Bernsie, and Collison all in the same division, man.
It's a pretty good offensive defense out in the West.
Also, another big trade that happened earlier in this week.
Max patch. You're ready. It was sense of Vegas. Oh, wait. All right.
I'm sorry. Yeah. All right. Before you go into that,
we have to bring up Eugene Melnick's video.
Okay. That involves Ottawa and Carlson. That's right. Good point.
You're right. Good. What was that?
That was a train wreck.
Was that a Saturday Night Live skit?
I was waiting for, like, what's his name, Foley, to jump out of the closet,
like living in a van down by the river.
That was the most bizarre question and answer I've ever seen.
That was weird.
And for listeners who haven't caught it, it was Ottawa owner,
and it was yesterday
too before the trade uh eugene melnick and what's mark borrow how do you say name borrow wiki
borrow what's he can't say that i never can say his name mark borowitz borowitz whatever either
way the guy in auto he interviewed the owner which is just a weird fucking dynamic and in any
profession and it was just it was odd like what's it it was like almost like uh like a funny or die
video and only it really wasn't funny it wasn't like it was entertaining and like a like on a car
crash way and it's just such a strange thing for an owner to do and i guess he hit the shirt he had
on was like the old nhl shirt it's not even like the new current shirt that the nhl players use
them this year um so yeah man it's bad pr. So Ottawa, to answer your question a minute ago,
I think, yeah, they just traded Carlson now just to get it old wood
because if they didn't do it now,
it was just going to be a circus every day up there.
Go ahead.
Well, yeah, well, yeah, we haven't even factored that part of it in.
Guys, here's my theory on the Melnick thing.
I think this guy is so rich and sick and twisted.
He's just, he's doing this for his
own shits and giggles uh what i kind of wanted to retract on my statement about uh the comparing pk
and yosi to brent burns and carlson level i would say that would be like that far off but a plus to
a minus and the reason i say that is because over the last three years combined in points, Roman Yossi and PK have hit 313.
Brent Burns and Carlson combined over the past three seasons, 433.
So they're 120 points more combined.
So they're not only getting it done defensively,
but they're producing at a very high rate of offense,
and that's not taking anything away from PK and Yossi.
So I will concede that one to you, my friend.
For sure, because I'm the man.
R.A.?
Yeah?
You can now go into the other big deal.
I can resume.
Okay, the other big deal since our last outing with you folks,
Max Patch, you ready?
To Vegas for Thomas Tata, prospect Nick Suzuki,
a second rounder in 2019, and then he signed with Vegas for Thomas Tatar, prospect Nick Suzuki, second rounder in 2019,
and then he signed with Vegas for four years.
Had a 28 million ticket, not too shabby.
It's been a long time coming.
I mean, Montreal, everyone thought they were going to get rid of him
at the deadline.
It never came through.
Vegas paid a lot for Tatar.
Didn't keep him that long.
They kind of dumped him pretty quick.
He had his 5.3 million a year.
What's your take on it, Whit Dogg?
Okay, so I don't know Max Paci already.
I never met him.
But I would guarantee he's lying through his teeth
if he didn't tell you he was so happy to get traded out of there.
Now, I could be wrong.
It's happened before. Not that
often lately because hockey season hasn't been being played. Special in Vegas is involved.
Yeah. But where's Montreal headed? It's just been a bizarre couple of years there.
And for him to catch so much heat every single year,
the guy was the most consistent player that the Canadians have had.
30 goals every season.
And he would just get shit on.
Constantly shit on.
Yeah, he was a bit of the whipping boy there.
He was the whipping boy.
Guy's getting 30 tucks a year.
Are you kidding me?
What, because he's American and everyone shits on him?
You know why, though, Witt?
I think lack of playoff production and then very streaky uh and listen if you get 30 you get 30 but uh not very
opportunistic goals at the right time like like you know maybe like a hat trick and a five two
win where like when they needed a big one it wasn't that but listen that's what just what i've read and heard so i'll leave it at that well okay but
either way for this guy to now be in vegas where uh not only is the team an awesome team well they
also they're also they it's the opposite of montreal pressure wise and media wise and now
he doesn't have to be the captain the The guy can just, the guy can just
go out. He can be relaxed. He'll snipe. He'll probably get 30 again. And all of a sudden he's
happy because I don't care what he says in Montreal, when the whole city's in and against you
and it feels like you're living in a bubble because you are, it can be miserable. I don't,
I don't care how good of a player you are or how strong mentally you are.
It just isn't fun at times, and now it's going to be completely different.
I got a question for all of you.
Would you consider this essential swap, James Neal for Max Pacchietti,
but you got to pay Pacchietti a little bit more?
Pacchietti?
Sorry, how do you pronounce his last name?
Pacchietti, right?
Because they call him Patches, I think.
Yeah, that's Pacioretty.
I butchered her name, shocker.
But, I mean, this is basically a one-for-one in that regard.
They're replacing a 30-goal score with a 30-goal score.
Yeah.
Like, on average.
George McPhee had a great quote, too,
that they gave up so much for Tatar from Detroit.
But he said, you know what like we're not gonna let what we what we gave in gave up to have tatar here let that affect us
when we have a chance to get an elite player like patchy ready like why would why would we hold on
to tatar uh just because we gave up a lot for him if that's what montreal needs in return everyone's
sleeping on the tatar aspect of this deal.
This guy, I mean, other than the year before he scored 29,
when he had 19 the year before,
he's basically had five years in a row where he scored 20.
He had 20 last year total, 25 the year before, 21 before that, and 29.
Like, this guy can play here.
Yeah, it's funny.
He never fit in when he got to Vegas.
He played a little bit in the playoffs.
I don't know if he played in the finals.
But Pacioretty's a better overall player.
I think no one's going to argue that.
And he averages about 10 goals a year more than him,
which is a huge difference.
That's the difference between making two and a half or five a year in the NHL.
Or seven now, right?
I know.
I guess you're right.
Speaking of that, Sagan.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, my God.
Hey, Wits, before we get to Tyler Sagan,
I just want to bring up a little something with you guys.
You know, we're pretty open on here on the Chickards podcast,
and we're very open about what we talk about.
And I know guys, like, don't like to talk about certain things,
and ED is one of them.
Erectile dysfunction,
sexual performance issues are more common than you think.
It's over 25 of new ED cases are guys under 40,
40 of men age,
40 of men by age 40 struggle with not being able to get in,
maintain an erection.
Guys,
I know you don't want to talk about in the locker room maybe,
but that's what we're here for.
I'll let you know.
It's not a big deal, as we say here,
because even the world's greatest actor can't fake it.
You want to go to hymns.com and get it taken care of.
I've used the stuff.
I can vouch for it.
It works great, especially like myself getting a little bit older.
Soldier might not be getting up to salute quite like he used to.
Well, that's what 4Hymns is for.
It's the one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, sexual wellness for men.
Okay?
Again, this stuff, if you're getting a little up there, things don't work like they used to, you want to go to
HIMSS.com. You're going to talk to real doctors. They're going to have medical-grade solutions to
treat your ED. The well-known generic equivalents, the name brand prescriptions will help you out.
It's no snake oil pills or gas station counter supplements. Prescription solutions backed by
science. It's real simple. No waiting rooms, no doctor visits, no co-pays. You go online, answer a few
questions, chat with a doctor for a confidential review. They ship the products right to your door.
And you know, this ED is not just an issue for old rich guys. You get a little younger,
things start changing on you. That's what we're here for, boys. Just come to us,
talk in confidence, and we'll send you the four hymns it's erectile without the dysfunction hard made easy say hello to your little friend
try hymns for a month today for just five dollars we'll get you started for just five bucks while
supplies last see the website for full details this would cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or a pharmacy, go to 4hims.com slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey.
4hims.com slash hockey.
Tyler Sagan, last time we talked, we mentioned there hadn't been a lot of talk about him in a new deal that hadn't been talked for a while.
You think we jump-started it, fellas?
Maybe.
Caught a little osmosis.
A lot of guys come on, they get paid.
Maybe we just talk about it and they get paid.
We've been hearing about other GMs in the league listening to the show.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly, yeah.
Shani, we know you're listening, buddy.
What up, Shani?
You're doing a great job there in TO, man.
Congratulations on all your success.
The Oats are going to smoke you, but other than that, good luck this year.
After being one of the better bargains in the league for the last several years,
Tyler Sagan getting a huge bump in pay.
He's signing an eight-year, 78.8 million ticket.
Comes out to a 9.85 average annual value.
Biz, imagine.
No, for my health?
Biz, what would you give me that night or what you're first buying?
Give me something.
Well, it's different.
If you're saying I get to obtain all that amount of money
and then I have it, or if I actually have to put the work in and play hockey,
yeah, I'm going to focus for that amount of time.
But once I'm retired, I'm probably moving to Hawaii
because Brendan Bollig told me it's the
greatest place in the world. It was, he basically went full discovery channel on it and same with
RA. I would move there and he'd probably never see me again. I wouldn't be doing content videos
for Warrior, which I love doing and I had a great time doing it, but no, sorry.
But listen, Siggs, oh, have you talked to him, Biz?
Yeah, I texted him. So I'm going to, he's going to, oh, have you talked to him, Biz? Yeah, I texted him.
So he's going to come on the podcast at some point.
I mean, who cares now?
He can do whatever he wants now.
He's like, I'm going to tell every single kill story.
I'm like, Siggs, there's probably a thousand of them.
He's like, yep, how much time you got?
Yeah, he's like, I'm actually going to take up the entire season.
I'm going to do the current player interview every single week,
and then we'll be done by when the Cup's given out in June.
I'm also surprised it makes more than Jamie Benn.
I didn't know if it was going to be one of those things
where Jamie Benn kind of is going to be our highest-paid player.
It doesn't happen as often anymore, but just a wagon up front.
Don't forget about Radulov.
Well, we know Jamie wouldn't go down to meet Tyler, so.
Oh, okay.
That's a pussy-eating joke because rumor has it that Jamie Benn
doesn't eat pussy, but when you're worth 10 a year,
usually I'm sure you don't need to be on the giving end of a lot.
Yeah.
As a man, don't you want to please a woman?
Oh, 100.
I eat bum, Ari.
I eat bum.
What do you mean?
He's not trying to puke.
I'll do it all.
Oh, sorry.
I'm going to make a dump on my chest.
I'm not that fucking crazy.
We're not talking about eating each other wet, Doug.
Oh, whoa.
You eating anything.
A little rusty chop mom.
You already watched me house of ham, egg, and cheese.
But, Chris, now we're off topic.
But as far as Sagan's concerned, the whole money thing
and him making more than the cap than Ben,
I feel like when you're playing in a place like Dallas
and the media's not going to make a thing about that,
they don't need to worry about it.
And Jamie Benn was probably like,
Sags, go get as much as you want.
I don't really care.
I mean, it's not going to you want. I don't really care.
It's not going to be crazy.
I think Seggen's still getting great value.
Obviously, we talked about this, how maybe the rules should be adjusted as far as cap space based on teams who don't have state tax.
He's being underpaid for what he does.
Yeah, no state tax is sick.
Yeah, that's a pretty good fucking deal.
Everybody's winning down there.
Yeah, so Sagan, nasty fucking payday for him.
I thought this was huge news.
I didn't see it coming.
Stevie, why stepping down as GM of Tampa Bay Lightning?
This was the last year of his deal.
He's going to become the senior advisor to the new GM,
which is basically, I don't know, kind of window dressing.
So I don't know if he's got something lined up. I know people are going to automatically assume he's going to become the senior advisor to the new GM, which is basically, I don't know, kind of window dressing. So I don't know if he's got something lined up.
I know people kind of automatically assume he's going to go to Detroit.
I don't know if that's really an option.
But what's your take, Biz?
Man, you didn't see this coming, did you?
No, not right now.
But I'm on the side of Stevie Y in this sense.
Okay, you just built an empire in Tampa.
You've proven you can get it done
not only on the player side,
but you're going to be an elite general manager.
I don't know how many people have ever done both.
Now, if they go on to win a cup in the next two years,
everybody knows that's what Stevie Y built.
Now, I think he's going to go over to Detroit
where he wants to be.
He gets to start from scratch there and show that he could do it again.
Like he's got to paint another Mona Lisa.
Like he's not going to  and we haven't even talked about the money side of things.
I'd imagine that he's going to probably make close to double in Detroit
of what he made in Tampa because something had to lure him away.
And it's  I think I'm totally on board with him doing it because i don't think
he really needs to prove anything else in tampa i get like oh well you need the cup but i mean if
they do that in the next two years anyway he's going to get most of the credit i i always wondered
um you know the guy spent his entire career with the red wings and you gotta think if then he
becomes a GM,
wouldn't he want to go back and be the GM of the Red Wings?
Like if he's that, I mean, obviously he loves the organization.
He loved the Illich family.
So I've always thought he could end up back there.
And then you saw Ken Hall in this summer got a two-year extension.
But maybe it was just decided at some point in the near past
that, listen, in two years, it's going to be you.
And if he's like, all right, well, I can't be  I won't do the job I need to do
for Tampa if I know that that's what I'm going to be doing.
So you wonder.
I mean, it seems like it makes perfect sense that he will be in Detroit.
But I also think that, I mean, the fact that he lived there and played there so long,
that's pretty much his home.
I don't know that for sure.
But I'm assuming his wife and his kids, they've all been living there for so long
that he probably wants to be back there.
So if it does go down, it'll be no surprise.
I mean, obviously he's extremely competitive competitive think about this aspect of it
name a more impactful person in the hockey world ever if he ends up going back to detroit
doing what he's just done in tampa and winning as a gm by building another empire that is we're
talking like wayne gretzky level of hockey who's ever been able to do both
to the extent that that of that level has anyone ever done that good question like like let's take
a babcock he might go down as one of the best coaches ever but he didn't do it as a player
well like like bellevaux jean bellevaux won cups as a player uh with the canadians was he then a gm
all right do you know but hear me out on this
you're dealing with far less teams i don't even know if there was a salary cap at back then in
the salary cap era and i mean hockey was still of pretty good skill and significance when he was
playing like he played in the end of like the new era where everything was a lot faster and and he
was fucking he's a fucking hall
of fame player now he could be a hall of fame brass and i don't know if anyone's ever been a
date been to do it uh been able to do it to that level and especially going to detroit now where
he doesn't have that cap space to work with as far as the state tax is concerned there you have
to fucking be on every single trade you have to be on the winning side of everything now.
Yeah, I mean, if you're going to come back from where it kind of looks like they're stuck right now.
They're fucking in a shit sandwich.
Yeah, with a sick new building.
I wonder, though, I mean, you wonder if Ken Holland knew that was going down
and all of a sudden he saw that he stepped down and he's got to be thinking,
what the fuck?
Ken Holland's probably like, buddy, do all the work.
I'm just going to basically be your
assistant GM.
Ken Holland's career
is
incredible. Oh, of course.
That's nothing to discredit him.
It's like Lou. Does Lou have it
like he did when he was in his prime?
Basically, if he's
going to be taken over Detroit, maybe Kenny
Holland gave him a word like, listen, I'm going to be done
and not say anything because there's no indication he's leaving now.
But I'm reading Helene St. James.
She's been covering Detroit for years.
She said that she
Helene or Helen?
It's H-E-L-E-N-E.
I'm bad with names too, all right.
I think it's Helene.
That's all I always
No, it must be.
I never even heard that.
But there is, I believe, a Helen, too, who also covers another team,
but says, source tells Detroit Free Press,
Iserman told Lightning players he was going home to Detroit.
Now, that doesn't say anything about a job.
I don't know.
Is he going to move home?
I know he's got young kids.
I know he's got a younger family.
Might want to just spend time with him.
Basically, there's no real smoke.
Usually, like, when this happens, somebody, one of the big four,
McKenzie, Draga, LeBron, or Friedman,
says, oh, he's definitely leaning toward Detroit.
We just haven't gotten any of that firm indication yet.
I know it's the obvious thing to point to.
All right, boys, enough of the Stevie Y talk.
We'll find out what he's doing soon enough.
But now we're going to send it to our recurring guest, Eric Nystrom, see what he's up to.
And that's where we're going now.
This interview was brought to you by Tommy John.
When it comes to below-the-belt comfort, there's regular underwear and there's where we're going now. This interview was brought to you by Tommy John. When it comes to below the belt comfort, there's regular underwear and there's Tommy John, the revolutionary clothing brand that's redefined comfort for men and women everywhere.
Let me put it to you this way. Tommy John doesn't give an F. They give three Fs,
fabric, fit, and function. Tommy John obsesses over every little detail and stitch by using
proprietary fabrics that perform like nothing you've ever worn before. As a result, Tommy John's men and
women's underwear sport a no-wedgie guarantee, which I will personally vouch for. A comfortable
stay-put waistband and a range of fabrics that are luxuriously soft, feather-light,
moisture-wicking, breathable, and designed to move with you, not against you. That means there's no
bunching and no riding up.
Again, I've been wearing Tommy John's for the last few weeks.
We had a heat wave hip up here in Boston.
It was brutal.
I had my Tommy John on.
It was like night and day compared to the old school fruities or boxes
or whatever you guys are wearing.
Get rid of them.
Go with Tommy John.
We have the best pair you'll ever wear, or it's free guarantee.
They got the new life-changing woman's underwear that sold out in six weeks.
It's fully back in stock. Ladies, we know you're out there. We love our chiclet listeners,
female and male. Get on board. Hurry to TommyJohn.com slash chiclets for 20 off your first
order. That's TommyJohn.com slash chiclets for 20 off. TommyJohn.com slash chiclets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
dot com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Now we'd like to welcome another recurring guest to the show.
A longtime NHL Eric Nystrom has joined the show.
Eric, man, it's been a while since we talked to you.
What have you been up to lately?
I'm out in Michigan.
Just started grad school this past week.
Just had a kid the same week. So let's just say I'm cleaning shit diapers and doing
a lot of reading.
Holy shit, that's a double whammy man, huh?
Where are you taking classes?
University of Michigan.
So I'm basically
the only bald guy
in the classroom.
I'm hanging out with the freshmen, going to the frat party,
doing text dance.
No way.
What school are you you in business school?
I'm doing a sports management master.
So it's a school of meteorology.
Like, you know, yeah.
So I got an opportunity to do it.
It's a one-year program, two semesters, 15 credits each semester. So it's just basically get in the corner and kick it around for a year
and get through it hey you knew how to do that now you could kick it around in the corner anytime
that's that's why i didn't say like you know go toe drag and put one cheddar because i definitely
never did that so you so you graduated your first time around in college not many guys go all four
years and then go on to have an nhl you don not after being a first rounder. Right. Yeah.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So this is,
I'm going for my second degree.
I really have no clue why,
but you know,
it was just an opportunity that was presented to me that couldn't really
pass up.
But you know,
my math skills are after having about nine concussions are,
are fairly limited.
Oh, so, so have you been, you been using us uh hemp cbd product at all the drops i got uh i got some pills
and i got some like cbd lotion but i mean what's the point of cbd man why not just have phc you
know what i mean no i mean white sheep. No, I mean,
yeah, they both work.
I mean, I just do them both.
It's just stupid stigma and the
foolish drug testing they give people.
It's absolutely foolish they still do that stuff.
I have been hearing, though, that
CBD is getting, like,
for, like, head trauma.
I know that I see that Riley Cote on LinkedIn quite a bit.
It's like a big advocate for the CBD and concussion research.
So I mean,
why not?
Right.
I've been taking the drops for the mental aspect of it.
They have been unbelievable.
If I don't take them for a couple of days,
I was in Chicago and I couldn't like,
I noticed a huge difference.
My mental clarity,
like,
and the only reason I say that is because you've had nine concussions and like i wasn't sure if you were on it i don't know if the ointment and stuff or the balm would help you help you much
though put it on your temple i mean nine nine might be a stretch you know i was just throwing
out like a high number but you know well you about to put a lawsuit together towards the NHL or something? Yeah, you know, just in case it's on the record now.
So, no, I get it.
Nine's a number.
Aaron, what did you think of Las Vegas' run all the way to the cup final this year?
I mean, I'm sure you were caught by surprise like pretty much everybody else,
Witt included.
Here's what I always say when somebody says that to me is that, I mean,
it's not 1972 anymore. The depth in the league is so, I mean, the parity from top to bottom
in every organization, there's so many good players.
So Vegas is sitting there in the expansion draft looking at chops like,
okay, this team can only protect this player or this player,
so we're going to take that guy.
I mean, of course, having the chemistry chemistry coming together that part is very impressive but like some guys were kind of
unheralded players yeah goalie and and unheralded guys that kind of flew under the radar who are
great hockey players and i mean it couldn't have been a better cinderella story just in regards to
like how the season started with the shooting in vegas and the way the city rallied around those guys uh what a run so like i mean it's going to be
different this year you're in school but how much hockey will you watch now like are you had like do
you throw on nhl network do you watch games live like what's your hockey intake going to be this
year you think or since you've retired?
Minimal.
Very minimal, man.
I'm not going to lie.
I really didn't tune into a game this past year. Yeah, yes, exactly.
I didn't tune into a game until like the playoffs this past year.
I barely watched anything.
And with school and, you know, having a kid now and just, yeah,
I needed a little break anyway just to get away from the game a little bit and skate like, you know, having a kid now. And just, yeah, I needed a little break anyway just to get away from the game a little bit
and skate like, you know, once every couple weeks.
But, you know, I really haven't been keeping up.
I'm going to try to tune in, but it's just I don't have the time.
Yeah.
So do you help out coaching at all with the university team while you're there?
Yeah, same thing.
You know, it's all like the compliance rules that they got in the ncaa
like yeah it's like you can't i would have to go out there i'd be able to like push the pucks
around but you can't talk to the players so i'm gonna be like doing sign language or something
like what am i supposed to do out there you know but uh yeah it's like it's a bad thing yeah and also like uh i'm just gonna be i'm taking five courses
like just reading a hundred pages of of like i need a nap after every page that i read
you get on the day portnoy adderall special you'd be fucking buzzing
send me something man come on i need a-me-up here to get through this stuff. Hey, Nye, I think the last time we talked on here,
neither you or myself was married,
and I also believe neither you or myself had a child.
So you had a boy, I want to say, right?
Yeah, we had a boy.
Looks like the mom, lucky guy.
We got the same haircut right now, both bald.
What's the name?
What's his name?
Tristan Thor. Tristan Thor? Damn, dude. guy we got the same haircut right now both bald what's the name what's his name tristan thor tristan thor damn dude yeah that kid's gonna be an absolute man missile i i got the real
thor is visiting me right now my dad's real name bobby is thor but he goes by robert he's out in
town he's in uh michigan now. My garage is clean.
He weeded the entire outside of the house.
Just ran a marathon.
You know, he's like, this guy doesn't sit down, man.
He's an animal.
Oh, get some of his Adderall.
I just saw a clip of his goal recently, the cup winning goal, man.
That's every little hockey player's dream to score a cup winning goal.
Yeah, what a run he had in his career, man. That's every little hockey player's dream to score a cup winning goal. Yeah, what a run he had in his career, man.
I'm like, you know, that's why everybody calls me Bobby
because I'm just like a pigeon.
They don't even want to call me by my name.
They want to relive his career through me.
Like four cups, scoring the OT winner like every kid on his driveway does.
You know, he did that.
Four fucking cups, Nye. Four. Four his driveway does. He did that. Four fucking Cubs night.
Four in a row.
The guy did
an Ironman
at 63 years old.
Give it a rest, Bob.
What a hard-o.
Is he on the same stuff that Schmidt's on?
What's that?
Is he on the same stuff that Schmidt's on?
I don't know what he's on but this guy he
doesn't stop jeez i know you're like dude i just want to be able to like walk around when i'm 63
and most people like you could say oh well listen you didn't play in the nhl like your body didn't
get beat to shit no he did he actually won four cups in a row and one of them he scored the game
winning goal so what's your excuse you lazy fuck yeah exactly like now like my my going to the gym like my wife likes to you know wants to keep it
tight and so like she drags me to the gym and basically i go in there for an hour and just
complain about every single thing that i have to do in there but bobby's out there like you know
the guy's a machine he's in great shape, you know, he definitely took a couple blows to the head in his career.
Let's just put it that way.
Nice.
I played with Dave Moss in Phoenix.
Well, yeah, it was called the Phoenix Coyotes at the time.
He went to Michigan. He told me about the crazy initiation that you guys put the rookies through.
It's like a cult.
And it's like a five-day event, isn't it?
One of the best guys ever and i'm so happy that i live in michigan now because we're we're not too far from each other but he's got three kids just
changing diapers all over the place but uh it was quite the uh it was quite the initiation and we
loved it it was so much fun but now you know there's like i haven't seen all the stuff when
i knew about this anti-hazing stuff.
And, you know.
It wasn't that bad.
It was all good fun.
Oh, it was all good fun.
But now, you know how it is.
Everybody's so sensitive.
Soft.
I mean, is branding that big of a deal?
It's going to be there forever.
Yeah, exactly.
We did it together.
Now that you went, you know, back in school nights, taking classes,
are you looking forward to maybe getting to a friend office gig someday is that what you have your eyes on or no something else
you know i i've kind of been thinking like i don't know if i really want to be inside uh involved on
the on like the player side more on the business side you know i kind of dealt with all the
politics you know growing up and playing in the game it's just and you know
what do you do when you're in the front office you work so hard to climb the pecking order and
then you get fired like you know it's uh that's the way that business works it's pretty cutthroat
but yeah exactly you get there you win the cup you miss the playoffs two years in a row you're
still getting canned you know it's uh it's a it, it's a tough business that way.
But there's so many different avenues you can go with a sports management degree.
So I'm just kind of weighing the options out and see where the path takes me.
Yeah, I know we had Sean Thornton on a while back.
And when, you know, he joined the Panthers, one of the things he did,
he went to check out the non-hockey side of things just to see, you know,
how the whole organization run.
He said it was a real eye-opener.
Maybe you can chat with him at some point.
I always just, whenever
he came on the ice, I just went for a quick line change.
There you go.
No thanks, man.
And obviously part of that
reason too is as a player,
you play your entire career and especially
at the National Hockey League level,
if you lose a
game like your anxiety's up you're like oh fuck we got to win the next one or we're gonna get
fucking skated into the ground and then of course media depending on which market you're in it's
obviously crazier than others it's like why the fuck am i do i want to deal with that after i
retire like i don't want to have to deal with that anxiety because if the organization's doing
well not have to worry about getting fired or too much of of what you're doing is is you're you're relying on someone else
to either whether you have a job or not 100 and you know it's just even if you're like a general
manager like it's just like there's always somebody watching over your shoulder unless you're
owning that team i'd much rather be like you know in the
marketing department where you know that they're not weren't whether or not you haven't scored in
40 games you know what i mean or the guy you signed hasn't scored why isn't that exactly
exactly but you know i just literally started class i don't even know what the hell i'm doing
you know these kids are so smart they're all talking about tech
i'm just like the old geezer in the back of the classroom just like trying to get by trying to
find the smartest asian kid in class to kind of you know do my homework for me but i'm still
sorting that out i think i i don't know if people you know no i i know that we we've got to a lot
of new listeners since biz came on board but uh nye and I played together on the U.S. national team
and then, you know, for our seniors in high school.
You were their junior and senior.
I've never told this story, but I will say you were the best,
one of the best locker room guys.
Just always kept everyone loose.
I think part of that had to do with your dad playing
and you being around hockey and knowing how important locker room guys were
but you're always in a good mood. You're always
pumping guys' tires and I remember
when I was in high school, the first
year you played for USA,
I didn't. My parents didn't
want me to leave high school. They didn't think I was
mature enough to move out on my own
but the team brought me in
to play a couple exhibition games
because I was going to join the team for a Christmas tournament the world under 17 challenge so I'm nervous I know Brian
McConnell but I don't know anyone else and Nystrom you can tell is the leader of the group and we're
in the locker room I'm playing high school hockey these kids have been playing in the North American
League USHL so I'm nervous and my first shift or second shift I get on the ice and I'm kind of
lugging the puck up the ice and I don't see anything as I'm getting up near the red line.
And instead of dumping in, I just curled back and I kind of waited it out.
People regrouped and I ended up firing a break of a pass kind of cross ice.
And then I changed and I'll never forget it.
Like I was, you know, nervous out there and I get to the bench and nice.
Jim's like, holy fuck.
Look at the boys on this guy.
Whitney.
Holy shit, boys.
He's circling back, head up.
That's a fucking player.
And I was like, this guy's the man.
And I always think of you to this day as just the guy that made everyone on the team feel so good.
Did you take pride in that?
Was that important to you?
I don't know.
That was just a natural thing, man.
I never even thought about that.
I just wanted my teammates to do well and make everybody feel welcome.
Sometimes when a guy comes into a locker room environment,
they're a little intimidated.
The young guys, you know, you're around all these veteran players.
They're just going to break the ice, man.
I'm sure business is exactly the same way.
You know, somebody's got to keep the room loose.
Otherwise, you know, everybody's all nervous and acting awkward.
But I really appreciate that, man.
I really appreciate that.
But I didn't want to carve you for having the worst locker room body
I've ever seen in my life.
This gets brought up with every former teammate.
It's not fair to my body.
I had an NHL GM reach out to me the other day asking me about a guy
who was like a bubble guy fighter.
Really?
Yeah, and he goes, hey, can you find out what this guy's like in the locker room?
This is still a heavily asked question.
I get that the analytics have taken their course,
and you've got to have a certain amount of skill level to play,
and I did some research, and the consensus was, yeah,
he's that type of guy where
he's going to make everyone feel good he's going to keep everyone loose where if it if it's between
that guy and another guy if even if the other guy's a little bit better but he just brings
nothing to the to the morale of the team they're going to pick the other guy who's bringing the
morale especially if they don't have enough around i mean that's i's  I mean, Scotty Upshaw is an example.
I mean, I don't know when this interview is going to air,
but he's currently on a PTO in Edmonton.
Well, fuck, man, after a season like they had and living in Edmonton,
you need a guy like Scotty Upshaw in the locker room fucking playing the tunes,
making it fun to come to the rink every day.
Yeah, it's overlooked and tangible now because everybody's just so into
the numbers game.
And, you know,
it makes you wonder if there is going to be a point where they're talking
about, is this guy's intangible enough for us to take them?
Or are we just going to go with the straight analytical numbers?
And like the way it's going,
it's just the locker room glue is becoming, you know,
is like decreasing in value. But, uh,
you always remember the guy who was older than you, that's the locker room guy. Like, or like, you know is like decreasing in value but uh you always remember the guy who's older than you that's the locker room guy like early you know i even think when i got to calgary
it was jamie mcclennan was the backup goalie i mean this guy told he'd have the boys howling
you know there's always like that that guy that you remember when you're coming into a team that
that just made everybody laugh at the right time. And, you know, that's what the essence of hockey is all about.
And I feel like it's just getting lost a little bit with all these analytics
and all these nerves crunching numbers.
But it's a huge intangible, I think, personally.
It's a cliche thing to say, oh, well, you never played.
But it's just like, well, man, I know what it's like to want to go to bat
for a guy every night, and you're going to squeeze that extra 5 out of me
where you're not going to get from bringing another guy in who they could have found out
who has a shitty personality and won't gel well with the team sorry gel well i think
i think biz and i just basically pump our own tires right now
but analytics is a big thing now and and i and it's i don't want to go online and have this
argument every day where i'm like, yes, I get that
he fucking held the puck like one point
more percent more and
blah, blah, blah and all these little stats.
It's just like, yeah, but when he gets dealt
there, those guys aren't going to play with him because he's a
fucking loser.
Those numbers may not be what were advertised
on the other team where he wasn't playing as big
of a role.
I think I might have been the worst
analytical player in the history
of the NHL, honestly.
Really?
I feel like you would have
been one of those sneaky, like,
Nysham's course, he's unreal.
He gets another two-year contract because of
his course.
Or you're just like, Nysham's course, he's horse shit.
Let's buy this guy out.
Or, I mean, in 2011 and 12 when you fucking tucked 16
and then two years later you tucked 15.
Like those are  you must have got a pretty good contract
out of at least one of them.
Yeah, I got a couple good deals from those.
But one year I had a four-goal game in one game,
so I was like clicking at 11 in that one.
I didn't know God existed until that night when the stars aligned
and I somehow have a franchise record for goals in a game.
Paul Correa, Jason Arnott.
When you walk out in Bridgestone Arena,
it's like all these guys that you would think have records,
and it's like goals in a game.
Eric Nystrom.
It's like does not belong, but I'll take it until like Phillip Forrest
versus Coach Five or something on game.
Yeah, he's fucking nasty.
Yeah, of course he's like going back to what you said, Biz.
It doesn't measure character.
You could throw those numbers all the time,
but it doesn't measure like what a guy does in the room
and all those intangibles.
Yeah, I just, I think there's so many moving pieces too.
I mean, I don't really want to get into it tonight,
but it's just like, fuck man.
Yeah, like you played with Patrick Kane last year.
Yeah, your course is going to be pretty fucking good.
You know.
Or you're just like skating around,
shooting a puck from everywhere, you know,
just to get the course.
So here's a prime example is,
is when David Bowen was playing in Chicago.
Well, think about the line matches he was getting
because there was two centermen in front of him
who were carrying most of the weight
where he was always getting that third pairing.
Well, he's a fucking good centerman.
But when he goes to free agency
and Florida wants to throw five and five and a half million at him,
you're like, yo, he's good, but his numbers aren't of that,
and now he's going to be relied upon in the first or second center.
Well, fuck, man, those line matches are going to change,
and those statistics are too.
But nonetheless, they threw that big money at him.
Same goes for Clarkson.
Well, fucking Kovalchuk was playing on the power play.
He'd pick up the puck behind his own net, he'd bring it to the other end,
and Clarkson would take a few off the skater game that would go in the net.
Well, all of a sudden now he's got to be the guy in Toronto.
Like, what? No.
That's not how shit works.
So stop fucking  they're moving pieces everywhere.
Do your fucking
There's a lot that goes with it.
Oh, chemistry is a huge part of the game.
And talking back to those years when, like, you know, I came, I had a terrible year in Minnesota.
Just, I just didn't fit in.
I was a free agent my first year there.
It was just a tough year.
You get more money than you've ever had in a contract, and you feel like you have to be the special player, and the pressure gets you.
And next thing you know, it snowballs terribly.
You get, you know, you get traded to another team, and I got slotted in playing with bern fiddler and you know him and i just had like an instant chemistry
and he as as he was awesome man he like he always just found me when i was open we just clicked we
had radic dvorak on the line who was just like flying up and down the wing like the best skater
ever and it just worked you know like finding that chemistry is so key and sometimes
guys don't fit in certain places and that's what takes a good gm and somebody that builds a good
team is that they can really find players that can fill those roles perfectly burn fiddler he uh so
he was the guy who was roommates with yandel when i would go and like i would sleep on a cot in their
room my first year they would basically bully me to come off. He's a funny bastard.
He's got some fucking unbelievable stories,
and he's a competitive fucker.
He played a hard game.
All right, undrafted.
How many games did he play in his career?
Did he get to 1,000 games?
I would say he got close, 800.
But another guy who I think would be very valuable off the ice,
and he started to do a little bit of content for the Dallas Stars,
but he's funny, and I think once he got comfortable behind a mic,
he'd be very good on this side of the business.
He just got an assistant coaching job at the Stars.
877 games.
877.
Wow, that's a fucking long period.
That's a hell of a run.
That is a fucking hell of a run.
He used to always carve the coaches in the dressing room,
so let's see what he can do now that he is one.
Yeah, D to D to D to D to out of the playoffs.
He's buying a dollar for every time he says that one.
Oh, fuck.
He loves that line.
Oh, I love that shit.
I've never seen a guy abuse officials.
Maybe one other guy, Boyd Gordon.
But those two guys would yell at officials,
and I would go over and, like, ask them, hey, man, you doing okay?
Hey, sorry, man.
Sorry, man.
I was like, sorry about that.
They had a bad day today.
They would fucking fuck you, those guys, like crazy.
Hey, nah, you ever get in it big time with an official?
You were like a respect the officials, buddy-buddy-to-them guy, I think.
Yeah, I wasn't buddy-buddy, man.
I just, you know, I tried not to say anything to them, to be honest.
I just kind of stayed away.
And then I hope if I was getting pummeled in a fight, like being nice to the linesman,
they might jump in and save my life.
But I think they did a couple times.
But a couple times, they definitely didn't get in there quick enough.
But I really didn't trip the referees too much.
But hockey, that's all you do.
Basically, anytime something happens, the whole bench is screaming like, you know, somebody got murdered out there.
That's part of the game, man.
Now, what's like nowadays, like, you know, hockey, you've moved on.
Like, what's your like biggest hobby now?
I know you just had a kid and you're in but like you know you play golf what do you i always see you like out on hikes on
instagram and shit huh uh no man if don't follow my instagram if you don't like pictures of food
dude i love cooking man i'm always yeah i know i like that i actually do you book all that stuff
yeah man of course i do i'm always whipping shit up man i got the you know i got some skills
going i got the green egg going i got i got every kitchen appliance i got the panini maker you want
a panini i'll fire you up hey we should do like an iron chef uh spitting chiclets episode where
nystrom comes in and we fucking tell stories and cook it hey maybe with your old man we get him on
we tell stories we cook up a little stir fry you You're a Jewish guy from New York. You must be a killer bagel.
I made
a brisket for the Jewish New Year.
My parents are in town right now.
It's Jewish New Year yesterday. For all you
hockey fans out there that don't know that it was
Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year.
I'm the only bar mitzvah Jewish player ever to play
in the NHL.
I made a killer brisket, man.
I have a confession.
I have an
enormous amount of foreskin. Is that cool with
you? Are you guys discriminating against guys
with foreskin? Listen, man,
we're the only religion where we celebrate
the foreskin.
Oh, you guys keep it off?
He keeps putting the bagels. No, no.
We cut it off, and then we have it.
Everybody celebrates it.
So if I wanted to be Jewish,
I'd have to cut it off at this point in my life you need to get a moil right no no you don't you
don't have to do that you don't have to do that but if you want to do that we have a big party
everybody has bagels and the rabbi comes and we can circumcise you if you want this is more of an
intense question but is the rumor true that a lot of jewish girls don't like to give away their
virginity so they do anal sex
instead? So they're doing anal before
they're actually having real sex?
That's what I heard. Is that true?
I don't know, man.
I think that that's like... I thought that that
was like the Catholic girls,
man. Oh, it was?
I can vouch for that.
Maybe I got my religions mixed up.
Hey, Nye, do you think...
Another question totally off subject.
Will Tristan Thor play hockey, you think?
Like, will you give him  how will that work?
I don't know, man.
I'm just thinking I'm going to give him, like, a turntable
and get him behind the turntables, get him a couple gigs in Vegas.
That's where these guys are getting paid now, man.
So I'm going to probably push him in that direction. get him a couple gigs in vegas that's where that's where these guys are getting paid now man so i'm
gonna probably you know push him in that direction but yeah he'll probably get the states on and the
thing that's different now though is like now that i'm not playing it's not like i have access to the
rink like you know these guys who have like five-year-old kids are coming to gaten with the
team and like have all this access to the practice rink like i live in the bush man i don't even live
in ann arbor i live like 10 miles down the road in the sticks.
It's not like the old-style street
and I can walk in and just go scoot.
I'm sure he'll definitely give it a try.
I always get, I get like not scared,
but just like so hesitant towards it
because I've been told that parents now are,
if we thought it was bad when we were growing up
it is just a full blown
nightmare and if your kid's 11 years old
10 years old you got parents
thinking their kids are not only going to get
college scholarships no they're going to be in the NHL
and I just don't know
what to do with those people
and it's like
you have your baby
you go to the doctor and they give
their like weight and their height and they're like oh he's in the 99th percentile he's like
so special i'm like the kid is two he's two days old what do you mean he's nba
could you imagine could you imagine taking the time out of your schedule to be a minor hockey
league coach and then some guy who thinks his kid's going to be the next star on ice and he's actually rubbish comes up bitching about why he's not
getting more power i know i couldn't fucking volunteer my time i'm getting an earful like
this is like professional sports i don't know guys like i couldn't even do that and it's year
round like these kids they don't stop man there's no like there's no like literally
it's just like straight up hockey if you don't play on our summer team you're not making the
follow team like it's like cutthroat shit man it's like there's no messing around i'm kid they're
signing there was an agent in the hospital like when my wife like the baby came out there's a guy
saying hey man you know your kids got potential like holy fuck there's a lot of rack it seems
like there's a lot of rackets involved with it, too. People
want to have parents pay.
It seems like they've got to pay for more and more leagues.
I think if you're good, the cream rises to the
top. Eventually, you'll get found out. You don't
have to pay for that shit. But anyways,
listen, Eric, thanks so much for joining
us. We had a nice lengthy chat.
We're not sure when this is going to drop, but
we're glad to have you. We'll do it again soon
once the season gets crack. We never got his prediction, though.
We never got his prediction.
We got his prediction on who's going to win the cup this year.
Who's your team to beat?
The Islanders, man, obviously.
Shit.
I couldn't even tell you.
They got rid of the dead weight.
They got rid of the dead weight.
They should be fine now.
Tavares is gone.
They're definitely going straight to the top. They got rid of the dead weight. Hold on. is gone. They're definitely going straight to the top.
They got rid of the dead weight.
They're going back to the Coliseum.
That's all they need, man.
Glory days.
Yeah, exactly.
Bob Nystrom will be there dropping the puck after he does a fucking Ironman,
and Nile will be puking in the corner.
He'll be dropping the gloves.
He'll be like, who wants to go me?
All right, dude. It's always great to catch up. We it thanks guys that interview was also brought to you by keeps keeps is designed for guys who want to stop hair
loss with their scientific and affordable approach managed entirely in keeps.com keeps is the easiest
way to stop hair loss before it's too late now guys and gals out there listening you know it's know it's way too late for me. My hair is long gone. But listen, you don't have to be like me.
If you're still in your 20s and it's starting to go, take care of it. It really works. It's
completely safe. Keeps off as the only two FDA-approved hair loss products that are clinically
proven to help keep the hair you have. No BS, just science. They're generic versions of the
medications that have been around for a while, but they're now cheaper and easy to get.
Again, you look at me, the ship already sailed for me a long time ago.
I wish they had this stuff when I was younger.
Unfortunately, they didn't.
But again, guys, if it's going, you don't have to let it go all the way.
If you see it, take care of it.
Get on it right now.
Go to Keeps.
Get started.
It's easy.
It's sign-ups.
It's about five minutes.
You go on, answer a few questions, snap a few pictures. A doctor looks at your stuff, tells you what you got to do, recommends the right
treatment, keeps, gives you the generic versions of the only two FDA approved products. Like I just
said, boom, it's 10 to 35 a month, depending on what your doctor decides you need. Plus you can
get your first month of free. It's a hell of a deal for getting to keep your hair. There's no
reason to put off any longer. Trust me. Again, I wish I could have done this, but you can start hair loss
today the easy way with Keeps. To receive your first month of treatment for free, go to keeps.com
slash chiclets. That's K-E-E-P-S dot com slash C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. That's a free month of treatment
at keeps.com slash chicklets.
Keeps, hair today, hair tomorrow.
Well, thank you very much to Nye,
a good buddy of mine who still hasn't admitted to his terrible tattoos
on his pelvis that I think say confidence, power, and love
or something like that.
Either way, Nye's a great guy, so we appreciate that very much.
On to other things, fellas.
Biz, do you have something?
Well, I really wanted to get our ace feelings on the McQuaid trade.
That took the words right out of my mouth,
the last story we hadn't talked about.
It probably hits you home, buddy.
He's a fucking warrior.
Adam McQuaid, yep, he went to the Rangers for Steve Kampfer, who
actually, ironically, played for the Bruins years ago.
He was a black ace in the 2011 squad.
A fourth-rounder in 2019
and a conditional seventh. Yeah,
man, I hated to see Adam McQuade go.
He was a great physical
player, the type of defenseman every
team needs. He doesn't always get the glory of physical.
You know, defensive defenseman, a
stalwart in his own zone, tough as nails,
defends all his teammates. Just one of those guys. Everybody loves.
He won the cup here. Yeah.
It sucked to see him go on the other side of the coin. It's a salary dump.
They had to get rid of it. They got a glut of defenseman.
He might not even crack the lineup this year.
Camp is probably not going to crack the lineup.
He's probably going to be in Providence. So it's a salary dump.
It gives him 5 million in cap room.
I understand it. I got no beef
with the Bruins for doing it, but thanks
for McQuaid for the service. He was a great Bruin.
Yeah, I love, I fucking love
that about you, R.A. You're like, man,
thank you for your service.
You would go shake his hand. You're like, thanks
for putting your heart and soul for this team.
Dude, that's the fucking shit that people
listening to this podcast love to hear.
Like, this is what they're  these people are so hardcore about their fucking teams.
We will never know the feeling.
Like, would you ever go up to, like, Tom Brady and, like, shake him and be like,
thank you for everything you've ever done for me in this city.
Like, no.
But these people paid for tickets.
They buy the jerseys and they would suck your fucking dick
if you want them to stay on the cup.
And that's what I love about hockey fans.
Yeah, but McQuaid also is an absolute killer.
The guy literally stands there in the middle of fights,
chucks his nocks into people's head.
I can't think of seeing him lose a fight as a Bruin.
He just pounded everyone.
And I think people love that about him. He used to stay at home,
rock him, sock him,
old school defenseman that
nobody fucked with. And he did
his job well. He cleared pucks,
played physical, threw big hits,
blocked shots. He was an ideal
fifth, sixth defensive
for a long time. And to get somebody
that's that reliable in that role, I mean,
fans get attached to those guys.
Fans don't like me.
Fans don't like the tall, skilled, slow,
looking like a cocky, lazy prick out on the ice.
They like the hard nose, grinding in the corner,
punching the ball, not turning over on a toe drag attempt in
front of your own goal so people love them good all right i wanted to ask you something so uh
do you guys notice this as fans like as a fighter if i would have had a heavy weight on the team
and we're going into boston and the tougher guy on our team has to fight thornton i'd rather fight
thornton than fucking have to fight McQuaid
because he's just as tough.
Now you're facing off off the second-tier guy,
and then he's going to tee off on my face.
People are like, why do we even have this guy around?
He's getting beat up by their second tough guy.
Is that the best matchups?
Yeah, that's the thing.
You would have had to pick your poison.
That's another reason McQuaid was so beloved in Boston.
I mean, Boston's a town that loves to fight, loves fighters.
There's a long history of it.
And he was so good at it.
I mean, he really didn't have to fight the last few years
because I don't think guys,
unless someone was trying to make a name for themselves.
And one other biz, I know you'll love this trivia.
When the Bruins obtained Adam McQuaid,
they got him from the Columbus Blue Jackets for a fifth rounder.
That fifth rounder went from Columbus to Dallas,
and with that pick, Dallas selected Jamie Benn.
Wow.
How the fuck did you know that, man?
Come on, guy.
That's the big box.
You're the fucking hockey rain man.
Yeah, Ted Klazuski.
Elias Sports Bureau probably tweeted that today.
No, that was my own research.
Good stat, good stat.
Another thing about McQuaid, getting to know him in skating
with all the pros in Boston, he'd be around in the summer.
One of the nicest guys you'll ever meet.
Soft-spoken.
Oh, yeah.
Absolute head of hair on him.
His hair isn't going anywhere.
And he just kind of always seemed like somebody who didn't necessarily want to
fight or enjoy it.
That was like the personality he kind of gave off,
being such a good guy and soft-spoken.
But it almost looked like he kind of loved punching people's heads.
When his wires would cross, you could see it.
Maybe that's what it was.
He's a squirrely guy.
He's a squirrely guy
full-blown wires cross blackout just punch yeah so uh the bruins the bruins will miss him they
kind of had an overflux of d but it's still that's a guy that will get a big ass cheer when he comes
back to the garden first time as a ranger huge speaking of glue guys uh i want to wish our buddy
scotty upshaw who promised to come on the podcast after I hope he makes the Edmonton Oilers,
he's going there to training camp on a PTO.
My opinion would be
He tweeted out a picture.
It's already snowing here.
In Edmonton?
Yes, it snowed today.
Look at his Instagram.
Look at his Twitter.
What is it?
What's the date today?
I have to go to the mall and pick up some shoes at Aldo Witts.
Yeah, 17th Aldo on the left corner in the West Wing.
So we want to wish him luck.
Boys, he said he's going to come on after.
This guy has some unbelievable stories.
Another guy who has done well for himself with the ladies.
And I'm sure we'll get a few kill stories.
Oh, actually, hold on one second.
I just got to find something quick about Uppy that I can just add in there. you kill stories. Oh, wait, actually. Hold on one sec.
I just got to find something quick about Uppy that I can just add in there.
One sec.
Next week, back to two shows.
Boy, the season heating up.
A lot of stories going. It's going to be fun, man.
Especially, like I said,
we're flying high on the adrenaline in the last few days.
I mean, what, we do eight interviews in the last three days?
Well, here's... I actually  oh, I had a question for R.A.
Are you a little jealous after Grinelli's cameo in my Warrior hockey video?
You know, I was like
I was pretty sure I was in the building that day.
I wasn't asked to appear in it.
I have a thespian background, too.
I thought, you know, some time in front of the camera you would have asked the camera you actually you were not because we filmed that the day before we banked
all those interviews oh I didn't know that was the night when you guys rode around the block of my
house and didn't call me to tell me I remember that night well we were putting together we were
putting together a cinematic masterpiece which uh if you haven't seen it guys uh I did a little fun
warrior hockey video about how they fucked me over for being the poster boy
for their new awesome hockey stick, the Covert QR Edge.
Hey, hold on, though.
Grinelli's appearance, like, you couldn't give the kid one line?
We gave him the nod.
He got the nod.
We wanted to keep it simple.
He was like Hal Gill off the glass and out.
You couldn't even give him like.
Time out, time out.
I think I had more air time than R.A. did in the town, though.
Yeah, you could see your face.
At least I got a residual check.
I know Biz gave you one.
Biz took me out to dinner that night.
Let's change the subject.
Yeah, I paid for that dinner.
Actually, no, Growly, you got some news to share with us, don't you, brother? Oh, shit, let's talk for that dinner. No, actually, no, Grally, you've got some news to share with us,
don't you, brother?
Oh, shit, let's talk about that right now.
Oh, I got something to say after you give your announcement, Michael.
Well, boys, I'm recording this live from New York
because I will be joining Barstool Sports as a full-time employee
starting this week.
Are you in Rikers Island?
It looks like he's in a jail.
Yeah, I'm in
my tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny
apartment. I went from a three-story apartment
to a room
in a rub and tug.
And then on the weekends, he's going to stay in a hostel.
But the fact that
the fact, dude, honestly,
it's pretty cool to see
not only somebody know somebody that that
has put in the work like you and deserves the success that that you've had but it's also for
me i sense this was your dream job to work at barstool so it must be pretty cool it is for me
to see you uh get there full time and i i will say i will say Mike you better fucking perform
now that you're there
when I was picked 5th overall
let me tell you
what happened my father said to me
now the work really starts
and then you get to your NHL
you can make first game nope now the work starts
even more so you can't get there
and think
that you're you've made it and fucking leave well i want to tell especially for the way it went down
and uh i didn't hear about this until uh barstool nate called me so fucking grinnell went to new
york and the door was closed in dave's office so he fucking kicks the door in, clears off fucking Dave Portnoy's desks.
He grabs him by the collar and says,
I'm coming on full-time spitting chiclets,
or I'm going to cave your fucking face in.
And Portnoy goes, all right, I'll have Erica draft up a contract.
Grinnelly walked out, went and packed his fucking truck in Boston
and drove right back to NYC.
So Portnoy had no fucking choice.
So I don't know.
That's what I heard anyway.
Hey, it's funny, Witt, that you didn't mention that, though,
because I swear to God when I was in Erica's office
and she had just made me the offer, like I'm thinking,
I have all this shit going through my head,
and I'm like, I finally fucking did it because, like you said,
this is my dream job.
It's something I've always wanted to do.
I feel like I just got drafted.
And in my head, I swear to God,
the first thing that popped in was
just like Witt said,
the work starts now.
I worked my ass off to get here, but now
I got to work 10 times harder.
I'll tell you,
Biz
did a great job in getting
you. Biz did a lot of work to get you
hired. Biz did a hell of a job.
Now, his neck's on the line. Now, he vouched for you, Biz did a lot of work to get you hired. Biz did a hell of a job. So now his neck's on the line.
Now he vouched for you, as did I.
So that's why it's like, you know,
you're thinking about us when you perform now.
Yeah, but I didn't though, because I'll say this,
is this has grown extremely fast
and it's based on the listeners.
So our fans.
So I went, I told Erica, I said,
listen, the one reason i need
this guy full time is because now he's going to be spending three times as much time organizing
this thing getting the guests lined up it's less work for us because we all got full-time jobs
and we're going to fucking take this podcast to the moon it's why we were able to bank 10 interviews
in the last week and and boys this is gonna going to, this is going to escalate.
And I also wanted to say,
so I will be taking over full-time social media duties and you know,
I have, we have to say, you know, no dick pics, no dick pics,
but special shout out to Marina. She's been, she, she's been, you know,
doing our handle for like a little over a year now, almost two years.
And you know, she's been absolutely telling us.
She's helped grow on the Instagram. She's been a huge reason for our success so i mean we we can't we have to say
something she's been great and you know i i can't thank her enough for all the marina i've had so
many people uh say to me like i think that they understand now uh with do you run that instagram
account i'm like dude dude, are you worried?
No, I can't even run my own personal.
So the fact that she was doing that, I know you were always helping her, Nelly,
but she didn't have a job. She was the mastermind.
Yeah.
Was she the beginning of all that pretty much?
Because, I mean, it's become the point now where all funny hockey videos,
we're getting them at least, if not first, we get them pretty soon after,
and it's just created a monster social media following for us.
Well, yeah, that was kind of one of the things they told me
when I accepted the job was you have to perform up to Marina's standards,
and that's tough because she set the bar high.
And how about our fans here?
I'm just going to give her Instagram real quick here, R.A.
It's  or not her Instagram, her Twitter.
It's Marina Molnar is her name, at M-K-M-O-L-N-A-R.
And if you fans can just maybe send her a tweet thanking her for all the work
that she's done for you guys over the last year,
that would be much appreciated on our end.
Yeah, actually, I'm glad you brought it up, Mike.
I just wanted to echo what you and Whit said.
Honestly, Marina's been as big as anyone building the brand,
the Spit and Chicklets brand behind the scenes.
I know we do the talking on here, but the social media, man, I mean,
I was always on the Twitter guy and Instagram was where all the cool kids
started going.
I remember the first time I looked at the numbers,
the amount of followers we had, and it was six figures,
like practically overnight.
And that was all because of Marina getting the videos, putting them out there. Not only that, she gets hockey. She understands it. She knows the clever sayings
to say the lingo. She's on top of all that. And yes, she was as big as anybody in getting us off
the ground and making us the established brand we are today. So Marina, from the bottom of my heart,
thank you for everything you did. We're most grateful for everything you did for us yeah and uh boys i wanted to segue into two uh last things here i'm
i'm gonna do a test for live podcast in toronto on september 23rd if they can sell enough tickets
uh we're gonna get this thing off the ground me and grinnell are gonna go the other two guys
aren't the plan is to eventually next summer hopefully do maybe a Canadian tour,
hit up some semi-major cities and some major cities in Canada.
I still think it  for me, it's hard to imagine like
because we're not stand-up comedians,
so do you actually think being up there just like talking like we are now,
people want to be at that at a bar?
Yeah.
Oh, it's such so
good for morale the stories are flying and you get a fun guess you do a podcast in person like
men in blazers do they sell they do a theater tour they sold out everywhere all across the country
i would love to interact with the fans man let's go meet our foot soldiers bud they're these are
the reason that we're having such a blast well imagine sitting at a bar with a bunch of your
buddies drinking beers
and listening to, like, Biz and, you know, Terry Ryan tell kill stories
about, like, their time.
Why do we need to be there?
Because who's going to talk?
Well, how about listening to me this morning, dude?
I was walking right around, like, early in the morning at a local track,
and some guy's doing 100-meter sprints, dude.
He's got a nasty dye job like you
can tell he dyes his hair like a sicko but he's dude bombing sprints i'm walking by this guy make
eye contact he goes 61 i go 61 what he goes that's my age and i'm still giving her dude this guy
he put me in the biggest mental pretzel.
I was like, yeah. Why did you say that to me?
Yeah, no, you are.
I mean, I got nothing.
I don't want to fight, man.
You want to fight?
You trying to fight me?
Dude, it was.
He's like, say something.
61.
I'm like, 61 what, dude?
Jesus.
You won't see me doing fucking shit.
I think he said still getting it done.
Yeah, I mean, either way.
I mean, I'm walking Ryder.
I'm eating a donut.
I had a donut.
You know how many tires?
I'm walking with soccer moms.
My buddy, I told my buddy, he goes, you walk the track with Ryder?
Oh, but I just put this together.
You're walking around a track.
I want to get a Fair Academy windbreaker, and that's my prep school and walk the track with rider buddy you were walking the track
coming on the left you're gonna be a mall walker by the time you're 40 oh dude i can't do anything
else but walk i i actually don't uh one one time at the gym i go to his kids like hey man i got a
picture i love love the podcast i'm like yeah no problem dude dude i go to the gym i go to his kids like hey man i got a picture i love love the podcast
i'm like yeah no problem dude dude i go to the gym i look disgusting oh your legs are so i just
look so gross and i wear long socks and then i wear a sweatshirt with shorts because i want to
sweat a little extra you know and all i do is walk like three miles on the treadmill oh god but i'm
leaking and then i go swim then i go swim i do like 20 laps and
it's an unreal workout swimming you know you're you don't yeah but you are it is water biz you
know what i'm saying i'm sick oh yeah so you don't know you're sweating because you're wet
get it right exactly no it's uh well hey wit so speaking of the fact that you're getting older
i finally sent you some of that cbd stuff and and i wanted
to chat to you about how well it worked and you fucking raved about it i i don't know if it's
mental or this stuff is that good but my elbow i had tennis elbow you guys i don't know if you
understand i don't even play tennis i'm i'm good at tennis i'm really good at tennis but i played
it from golf then but i got it from golf dude i thought i was gonna have to get surgery biz you sent me this bomb the
extra strength i rub it on there before an hour before i practice her play um i also rub it on
my hips before i go to sleep my low back my neck i got a herniated disc and my neck fells too from
playing uh 12 years pro hockey c33, C4 vertebrae.
So I rub it over.
I rub it there.
Biz, I've never felt better.
It's honestly a bunch of people.
I almost want to invest in the company.
Well, yeah.
I mean, fucking sure.
Let's rock and roll.
Because if this stuff actually
I mean, it can't just be that all of a sudden I have more energy and I'm not sore.
People probably think this is an ad right now.
No, yeah, yeah.
And guys, they didn't buy an ad read.
I just wanted to talk to you guys about it.
And the reason why I'm so excited about it, it's a product and it's changing people's lives.
I was actually at the Cherokee  oh, go ahead.
Sorry.
No, I just wanted to say quick.
Dude, I was taking three Advil a minimum a day,
and I haven't taken any in two weeks,
and I'm feeling way better than when I was having to take that shit.
Dude, remember we told you you made the joke.
I gave it to my mother-in-law.
She's got neuropathy in her foot.
No bullshit.
And before I came into work today, she says, I'm going to Foxwoods.
Do you have any of that bomb?
Nope.
I swear to God, she was going away, going to be walking around the casino
for a couple days, so she brought it with her because she swears by it she's she's
like a 60 something year old lady who would be apprehensive about using that stuff because a lot
of the older people they hear hemp and they think weed and we're trying to get them stoned and it's
like no it's nothing like that this is like the medicinal qualities without like the head buzz
that you associate with with that type of stuff because it's not. There's no THC in it. So, yeah, man, I like this stuff.
So one of my buddies who is at an NHL training camp asked me to ship him some out
because he saw me talking about it.
Two other guys from that team texted me to get it,
and then a couple of guys from other teams have texted me now.
So it's spreading like wildfire and uh i it goes back to your conversation
on instagram today granelli about implementing marijuana into the nhl i think it's a no fucking
brainer i don't want to go too much into depth because i still work for a team i don't want to
ruffle feathers but the fact that hemp cbd isn't in every goddamn locker room in the fucking league
is is banana lands to me guys should be getting  inflammation is the biggest benefit from it
because it takes it away.
And rubbing that after games instead of having to jump in a cold tub
or applying it while you're on the team playing, no fucking brainer.
And I think some of the things I mentioned in that blog I wrote today
is that I think the NHL needs to start educating their alumni
and former players on things like this so so
like i mean whit whit shouldn't be just finding about finding out about this from you the nhl it
should be their responsibility dude it's tough to do though to tell you guys yeah i know but i i
mean it should be their responsibility to well more so on the medical marijuana side and i'm
assuming it's going to be a while before it's kind of like implemented into the NHL.
I would guess at least five years from now where it's like we already know
based on you think longer, R.A.?
No, I'm shaking my head that if it does take that long,
just because like I kind of alluded to it, such a stigma to like people.
There's still this reef of madness about marijuana that's fucking insane
these days that people still assign these old stereotypes to it it's well listen to witt's example he went from taking three advil a day
for something and it wasn't being fixed now he's using something natural now he doesn't have to
ingest that shit into his body and that's on a not even on a grand scheme the grand scheme of
things like the like think about the fucking uh pain medication the imagine a lot of damage and
things that it's ruining and what it's also leading people to yeah my neck is so buckled
i have my medical card and when i go into like the dispensaries the people some of the people
most of the people in there really really need it dude and so And so, like, I'm telling, like, these people, like, I met a soldier that deals with a lot of, like, PTSD in there.
Oh, no.
You know, so people who get all wounded and rattled about weed being legal,
shut up.
Yeah.
What do you care?
It's from the earth.
Anything from the earth can't be that bad for you, Biz.
Exactly.
Well, look who's, I mean, it does the job that the liquor industry does.
It does the job that Big Pharma does, and it does the job that Big Tobacco does.
So those are three huge trillion-dollar industries that don't want a fucking free weed to be available because it hurts people.
The only thing I will say about it.
It's all about money.
It's always about money.
The only thing I will say about it is I was thinking about this.
The only thing I will say about it is I was thinking about this.
So say it's legal where you can just walk in like in Colorado everywhere in 10 years or at least in 20 states, say, right?
And so it becomes so normal.
I'm guessing the age would be 18, not 21, correct?
Well, it's legalized.
It's about to be legalized, fully legalized in all of Canada.
Okay. Yeah, it's legalizing. It's about to be legalized, fully legalized in all of Canada. Okay.
Well, yeah, it's been taken a while.
Either way, like it's going to be weird in terms of, you know, kids drink.
Kids are 15, 16.
They start drinking.
Right.
And a lot of times parents know what's going on.
They don't, you know, they try to do a great job of saying don't ever drive.
But people know when the kid, your kid's in high school,
he's playing hockey or something, they're having beers, right?
But when weed becomes legal, kids will be smoking so much more.
And I'm wondering if parents would be more worried about that
than they worry now about kids drinking.
I just feel like it can lead into different things.
I'm not saying it shouldn't be legal,
but it is going to be different in terms of dealing with no one no there's definitely going to cause some problems that weren't happening before
because i don't want my kid being lazy because of that like that well here i'll say this i smoke
weed every day i'm not fucking every day that is such a but i get what you're saying some people
will have a negative effect to it but i mean if those kids like i mean when they're 18 if they
wanted to go get booze,
they could probably go get booze.
I think that on a grand scheme of things,
you're being way less detrimental to your...
Because it's already available, Biz.
Kids can get weed easily now.
I don't think...
I know, but...
No, but it will go up
if anyone can get it on the corner.
Like, it's just like,
not everyone knows a weed dealer.
I understand what Witt's saying, though,
in the sense of, like,
as he's developing his kid,
I mean, Biz, you developed a work ethic and then went to weed. I mean, you don't want to become
like at 13, 12, 13 years old when you're playing video games, smoking weed, I'd punch his head in
when you're forming them as a person. You don't want to form bad habits. Well, let's okay. So
let's let's use another example of it. and I agree with the smoking aspect of it,
but I have a friend who had or has Crohn's disease,
and they would average on about 11 nights at the hospital a year.
And he started taking these THC marijuana capsules that help him out with his Crohn's disease where he has
not spent a night in the hospital since he started.
That's the best thing.
That's the coolest thing.
Right?
So it's just like there's so many more benefits to it than cons.
And fuck, man, when's the last time you smoked and ever wanted to even engage in anything
like a physical altercation?
Yeah, there's not many high heroes.
It's like the opposite of fucking...
I'll have a tickle fight with you.
Yeah, but sometimes
I'd actually rather a drunk guy
want to fight me than a high guy just want to
tell me stories for five hours.
Get away from me right now.
Oh, you mean R.A.?
I was waiting.
I'm like, how long does it take for that?
You can just say his name.
He's right there.
I had something else to say.
What else?
Should we talk about the humble Broncos and how sad that is?
Guys, I'm glad you remembered that.
That was special.
That was just hard to watch, but there was also a happiness to it too.
I know that sounds so insane, but it's been such heartbreak for so long
that to see some of these guys get back on the ice
and have this team back together again.
And before the game, what they did and the tribute they did was perfect.
And it was just  when the puck dropped, I more thought of the kids
who were like, all right, I'm playing hockey.
You're not thinking of anything else. That's it. It was just when the puck dropped, I more thought of the kids who were like, all right, I'm playing hockey.
You're not thinking of anything else.
That's it.
And to have that game get going and their season to start, you know,
God bless all those people watching and out there.
You know what, Ari, you go.
You're really good at these.
You're good at sentimental things.
Yeah, that of all the tragedy, unfortunately,
that we've covered in the couple years we've been doing this,
Wits, that was far and above the most moving thing.
I mean, you know, it was terrible to see that it happened anyways.
And then when we found out later that these guys listened to us on these road trips and a couple of the guys that passed away were fans of the show,
I mean, it was a gut punch to know that we had this sort of, you know,
I guess connection to these guys we didn't even know about. And it was an awful tragedy. So it was
nice to, you know, see them have this moment on TV and everybody kind of supporting them in this
like communal way. It was, it was, it was nice to see that, you know, out of such an awful moment,
we can have this sort of nice thing for once, you know. Boys. Yeah. The, the, the day it happened
or it was reported i should say
we had a game that night in phoenix and i tried to like say something on there and i was i couldn't
even talk because i was bawling my eyes out uh very sad situation you know wit just touching
on what you said on on like it was nice to see it as far as a celebration of life standpoint and
you know what they did and how they honored those players.
Yeah, it was, it was obviously, you know, tough to watch too.
But yeah, it's amazing how the hockey community came together on that one, the amount of money they raised.
Like, I don't even, what was the final number on that?
Had it been over 10 million?
Yeah, I didn't, I didn't catch the total number, but.
It was, it was crazy.
So, you know, to the hockey community who all chipped in, it was amazing.
And, you know, we wish them the best of luck this season.
And that's pretty much all I got.
Yeah.
One other note, actually, next week,
if any of the listeners are going to go see the pop punk show at the House of Blues,
I think, Grinnelly, are you coming up for it?
I hope to.
Yeah, I really hope to.
Yeah, well, I'll be over there.
Hopefully, Grinnelly. So, if you I'll be over there. Hopefully Grinnelli.
So if you're there at the show at the house of blues next week,
say hello.
We'll have it.
We'll have a cocktail together.
If you're there,
anything else going on there?
No,
that a boys were excited for.
We're excited to get back to two episodes a week.
Starting Monday.
We're back.
And boys,
we have some fucking fire interviews lined up.
So hold on.
Hold on.
What should I do?
What's asked me what I might wear into the concert next week.
What should I wear, Wits?
Sorry to cut you off, Wits.
No, I actually don't even know.
I just want to know what you'd probably wear.
Grenade, what do you think you'd wear?
I 1,000 can guarantee that R.A. wears jeans,
a tucked-in, spitting chiclets,
the spitting chiclets Rolling Stone shirt, tucked
in with a hat. I'll
bet 1,000 on it. With shoes
with like a shamrock on the shoes?
He's going to wear those
red or green New Balance.
What do you mean wear those red shoes?
R.A., you should be wearing New Balance.
I got you those new New Balance shoes.
Actually, it
depends on the weather. I mean, jeans in a club inside, especially a house of blues,
gets hot as balls in there.
So if it's a night.
Oh, he's been there.
Vet move.
Vet move.
If it's a nice September day, I'll probably just wear shorts.
Actually, you know.
Big old cargo shorts for sure.
Definitely, because you got to put your weed.
All right.
Once we get something done.
I need a bad fucking utility belt if I don't wear cargo shorts.
Hey, listen.
All right. Once we work out a deal with Warrior New Balance,
we're going to fucking deck you out in all the sickest tress,
tuxedos you've ever seen in your life.
You're going to look like a fucking mob boss.
I still got the nice New Balance sneakers from last time,
but here's the other thing.
You go into a club, man,
you're going to get fucking stomped on everywhere at a concert.
You don't want to get your new ones, buddy.
That's what happens when you're on the fucking payroll
and they're giving you gift cards.
You're going to be in the mosh pit, dude?
What do you mean you get stoned?
No, just if you go down on the floor,
people step on your sneakers accidentally.
This guy has a kite, so he's just floating around.
He leaves his shoes at the door.
I will have the head trimmed up, though.
I'll get a nice fresh shave for that day.
We'll take a pitch and you can roast my pit.
I got to golf.
I got to golf around.
Oh, tough life. See you, boys. Congrats, Grinnell pit. I got a golf round. Tough life.
See you, boys.
Congrats, Grinnelli.
I'll see you guys.
Hey, Grinnelli, congrats, and don't fuck this up.
Thanks, Grinnelli.
I love you guys.
Dial it in.
Oh, yeah, kid.
Celebrate, guys.
Celebrate good times.
Come on.
Let's celebrate.
Celebrate good times. Come on, let's celebrate Celebrate good times Come on, let's celebrate
There's a party going on right here
