Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Tommy John.
When it comes to below-the-belt comfort, there's regular underwear and there's Tommy John,
the revolutionary clothing brand that's redefined comfort for men and women everywhere.
Let me put it to you this way. Tommy John doesn't give an F. They give three Fs,
fabric, fit, and function. Tommy John obsesses over every little detail and stitch by using
proprietary fabrics that perform like nothing you've ever worn before. As a result, Tommy John's
men's and women's underwear sport a no-wedgie guarantee, comfortable stay-put waistbands,
and a range of fabrics that are luxuriously soft feather light moisture wicking
breathable and designed to move with you and not against you that means no bunching and no riding
up i can vouch for that i own several pairs of tommy john and they're great stuff they have the
best pair you'll ever wear or it's free guarantee try it out i'm guarantee you'll love them yourself
includes their new life changer woman's underwear that just sold out in six weeks but now it's fully
back in stock so give three f's about your underwear and upgrade with Tommy John today. Hurry to
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off your first order. That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets
for 20 off. TommyJohn.com slash chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 110 of Spittin' Chicklets,
brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Let's say hello to the gentleman this evening.
The Dirty Desert first.
Say hello to Paul Bisnasty.
Actually, I'm in Toronto for that live podcast show.
And, R.A., I just want to say you sound a lot better than when we went over the conferences
because you were hung over from the Pump Rock, or what did they call that?
Pop Punk, the Boston band.
Yeah, we'll get to that in one sec.
Let's finish with the intros.
Producer Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, boys?
Where are you?
I am in Burlington, Massachusetts at my parents' house currently.
Okay.
Back in New York.
And boy, Ryan Whitney, who I believe is home.
It's Sunday, boys, and I got to stop betting on the NFL
because this fucking league is killing me.
I'm losing right now.
I'm getting my teeth punched in.
I'm not happy.
How are you, listeners?
But you're probably watching golf too, though.
Tiger track.
I got the double TV going.
I wish you asked me.
I had a Tennessee Titans money line. Boom. Plus 350. double TV going. I wish you asked me. I had a, what do you call it?
Tennessee Titans money line. Boom.
Plus 350. Oh, fuck. Good for you.
What do you want? Chicken parm sub?
So, yeah, Biz.
We went to the pop punk show the other night.
It's PFT.
Commenter is the guitarist.
Roan is the lead singer.
Robbie Fox, the bassist. And Frankie
Borelli, man. Unbelievable drum
player.
Oh, was he good?
I went to the show.
You know, I took the night off work.
I saw him go support the boys, and I was right on the stage,
kind of off to the side, which is an unbelievable spot to watch a show.
Guys, they had this crowd in the fucking palm of their hand.
Like, the place was going nuts.
They knew every song to every, like, original
I mean, every word to every original song they do. It was like a legit rock concert. I was, like, fucking going nuts they knew every song to every like original i mean every word to every original song they do it was like a legit rock concert i was like fucking going they're a legit cover band now
seriously like if you could put they could play any by you could have brought me in there and
told me they were a pop a pop a legit pop punk band from the 1990s and i honestly wouldn't know
the difference they they sounded that good. It was fun.
I had the shirt on and went out after the show to throw a t-shirt out.
I got a nice little response to the chicklets
t-shirt. Did you leave? No.
I woke my wife up when I got home.
I saw the video, dude. You looked like
how in your
element were you when you were on the
stage and people were yelling, spitting chicklets?
It was pretty much your dream come true, I'd say. It was nice, man. I'm not going to
lie. Don't be fucking humble. Tell us what you really feel. You're a fucking
big swinging dick. You felt like a rock star. Listen, I used to buzz around the
ice in front of 20,000, snapping it tape to tape. I know what it's like. Just give
us your opinion. How cool is that? It's fucking awesome, dude. I'm not going to lie. When you
come out and have a couple hundred people fucking
cheering for you and, you know, chanting the name of your podcast.
And then, you know, I went up because it actually was funny during the show.
I got a bunch of DMs.
People wanted to take pictures and shit.
So I, you know, went out.
I had pictures with you?
Yeah.
What?
Wow.
You probably could have took one back to the green room.
I bet you.
Wow.
Yeah.
It was probably a few couple
dozen guys phil it was it was wild it's like when you know when you guys leave the game
just sit on his face
so yeah it was yeah it was a really great response from all our boston
listeners um it was oh i mean overwhelming man i i had never gotten a pup like that. It was funny. I was at the VIP thing beforehand talking to Roan and PFT at the meet and greet thing.
I was talking and some guy came over and was like, hey, Ari, what's up?
Can I get a picture?
And PFT goes, did he just recognize you from your voice?
I was like, that's legitimately the only way I get recognized from this wretched fucking thing.
It was cool, man.
It was great to see those guys tear the roof off
and to run into all the fucking listeners.
So anyways, dude, I don't know how you guys fell asleep.
Not the listeners, the fucking listeners.
Boys, I got something to say.
I got to apologize and kind of give you guys a fuck you.
So I obviously don't know what the word detrimental means
because I've said it twice on this podcast as a compliment,
thinking it was like complimenting.
On the Torrey Krug interview, I said that  is it Claude Julien?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Was detrimental to him becoming a better defenseman,
which was the opposite.
I meant he was helping him.
Oh, you thought
I thought detrimental meant like it was a pivotal moment a pivotal moment like buddy i'm fucking so stupid and then i said it to derrick step on and i had
a couple fans and people dm me being like yo dude like why are you ripping on step on and i'm like
what do you mean ripping on step on i basically stroked that guy off every time i talked about
him because i said he was uh he was detrimental to the you know the younger guys and the coyotes
learning how to be professional i i should have known the time we were out to dinner and you're like,
that Steve Jobs was so detrimental to Apple.
Also, to what?
You should keep kicking me in the nuts.
You're not going to maybe help me out on the pod, say, hey, maybe switch it up there, biz.
All right.
Okay.
All right.
See how this is.
So I just want to apologize for everyone for fucking up.
And, of course, Derek, step on because I almost got canned from my job for ripping into him
it's alright
also
we got the Atlantic slash Adams
division preview coming up in a bit
and an absolutely outstanding interview
with Miami
you people are going to love this
we need to remind everyone
when we finished recording with Revo
he immediately texted Biz and and he's like,
oh, we didn't get any Hitch stories.
We didn't get into Hitch at all.
So that was on us.
I know you guys haven't heard it yet, but when you hear it,
we don't really go into Ken Hitchcock, legendary Hall of Fame coach.
I don't know if he's in the Hall of Fame yet.
He will be.
Oh, he will be.
And Revo has some amazing stories, as everyone who's ever played for him.
We forgot that. We apologize. And that will be coming next time we interview. who's ever played for him. We forgot that.
We apologize.
And that'll be coming next time we interview.
He's already said he'll come on again this season.
Yeah, that just tells you how good the interview is going to be
is because we got talking for so long, and we didn't even bring up Hitch.
So he was fucking amazing.
And, yeah, he's going to be a reoccurring guest.
Yeah, so we got some good shit coming for you.
But, boy, Saturday night, late night, I don't know,
it was like hockey porn came over twitter eric carlson and that new san jose stealth mode jersey
let the internet on fire last night i mean that jersey is unbelievable anyways and then you got
carlson debuting it with the with that fucking shiny heel the locks flowing everything where
were you out last night uh how do you feel about the third jerseys I haven't seen
many that I don't like
I always go into the
third jersey hell is the Bruins
bear that looks like it's taking a shit
and nothing's like that anymore
I love San Jose's
I've caught a couple great ones
I know I think Biz you mentioned
Winnipeg's was a little
but all the other ones I've really liked.
At San Jose's, that's sleek. That's
sharp. Carson will have
is a 75 points in that jersey
buzzing around. I like the all black
look. It's sharp, and I think
that the little bit of teal
is cool. If it was too much teal, it would almost
be disgusting. The little bit on the
sleeves and the arm and in the pants, I liked it.
Yeah, I think overall, Adidas has done a great job. Somebody tweeted me that the sleeves and the arm and in the pants, I liked it. Yeah, I think overall Adidas
has done a great job. Somebody tweeted me
that the teams actually designed them, but
the Jets ones
probably have been getting the most criticism.
I think everyone wanted to see the old school
Winnipeg Jets jerseys, but
hey, someone asked me too
if Arizona owns the
copyrights to them. I have no fucking clue.
I don't even know what the word detrimental means.
I think that is why they didn't use it.
And I agree.
The Jets one was kind of dull.
I thought they could have done better.
But, yeah, I don't think they could use the old-school Jets logo
because technically that's the property of the Arizona Coyotes
or Phoenix Coyotes.
No, I'm sorry.
They're back to Arizona.
Can't keep track.
So, yeah, the jerseys.
Calgary happens to be my favorite. It's just the old atlanta one that they that they
used they won the cup at 89 with that one that's a sweet one so check those out a couple quick
signings before we get to the uh atlantic preview miles wood signed four-year 11 million dollar deal
with jersey uh for 2.75 average annual value he had 19 are they fighting a lot are they fighting a lot
in your face that might have a t-shirt and paul byron signed four year 15.6 million with the
hab so shout out to paul byron picked up on waivers at one point yeah he was a waiver pickup
i think from calgary but on like i say i don't know i I don't know. I think from Calgary, waiver pickup,
and he's now turned into what's going to be obviously a big piece
for Montreal's kind of rebuild, if that's what they're calling it
or whatever we're calling it.
But good for him.
I mean, that's a guy who works his bag off, flies around the ice.
He's one of those guys like Grabner, if he could score on breakaways,
he'd get 50 a year.
But a really good player with a ton of speed.
So happy for a guy like that because waivers is as low as you can feel as a pro.
I went on waivers, and three teams put a claim in for me.
Suck it.
I put on waivers.
Nobody claimed my asses when I was skating on one ankle.
I ended up in Russia eating chicken.
Putin got you on waivers.
I ended up in Russia I ended up in Russia
eating six ambien a night
texting my now wife who I barely knew at the
time hey still
awake she's like yeah it's 1pm
here I'm going to sleep
stop
I just spent 10 grand online ordering
shit yeah that was when I fell asleep with the Tom Ford shoes on the goddamn Russian ambien Stop. I just spent 10,000 online ordering shit.
Yeah, that was when I fell asleep with the Tom Ford shoes on the goddamn Russian Ambien. So let's get off to this Atlantic preview, boys.
This Atlantic Division preview was brought to you by Eagle Energy.
Eagle Energy started as a great idea.
Take all the benefits of an energy drink and remove the negatives to create an innovative product
that delivers caffeine faster without any calories or sugar. What is it? Eagle Energy is a caffeine inhaler made of all natural
plant-based ingredients providing the user with a natural energy boost via inhalation. What's in it?
Guarana, ginseng, and taurine. The guarana fruit packs twice the concentration of caffeine than a caffeine bean. Enhances energy levels, mood, and reaction time.
Tell me more.
Each Eagle contains approximately 400 inhalations.
It can last a day or a week.
You're in control.
The suggested serving size to provide a fast-acting energy boost is 25 consecutive inhalations.
When you inhale caffeine, it is metabolized rapidly.
Who wants to wait 30 minutes with zero
sugar and zero nicotine difficult it's difficult to find a healthier way of getting your energy
boost eagle energy is perfect for someone who's always on the go whether you're studying or on
a long trip partying or on the ski hill eagle energy is always within reach go to eagle energy
dot com right now and use the promo 20 off, that's eagleenergy.com with the promo code CHICKLETS,
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, for 20 off your order.
We've got to start with, I guess, all your guys' favorite team,
the Boston Bruins, and I think that they're going to be
a very good team this year.
R.A., why don't we let you start?
I'm a Pittsburgh fan.
Oh.
Oh, okay, so that's where you're  you didn't grow up a Boston Bruins fan?
No, I did, but now I have all this money because of Pittsburgh,
so I'm a Pittsburgh fan.
Yes, yeah, okay.
All right, fair enough.
He's beautiful.
I like calling it the Adams division still, just for the record.
Oh, okay, there's your old school status coming out.
Love the old school shit.
Man, I know I'm a fan, but I try to do this objectively to some degree.
I honestly think they're going to be better this year.
They really didn't suffer major losses.
Riley Nash was very solid after a couple years he spent here.
You know, Tim Schaller is a good bottom six guy.
Adam McQuaid, solid vet, but, you know, replaceable.
Anton Hudova in the backup, they replaced him with Halak.
But basically, you got the same team coming back.
One of the best lines in hockey with Marshawn Bergeron, Pasternak,
Danton Heinen.
I thought he probably was overshadowed last year.
There were so many great rookies that he kind of got overshadowed a bit.
I think he's going to be even better this year.
It's just the future in Boston is good right now, and
I see them contending this year. I mean, last
year, they ran into a wagon in Tampa
and whatever the shit call they
had, they could have sworn the series a bit, but
I like what they have, man. Going
forward, I'm psyched right now. What do you got
to say, Wade?
That's the most relaxed
R.A.'s ever been while talking about
a team, dude. You did that like it was the back of your fucking hand.
That was beautiful.
You hung over.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
You were at the pop punk show.
Yeah, man.
I went to the pop punk show last night at the House of Blues,
and I had a fucking blast, dude.
They are legit, man.
We'll get into that.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, sorry to throw us off, boys.
I just had to give you a hangover excuse.
Yeah, but R.A. sounds legit half asleep. I just had to give you a hangover excuse. Yeah.
But R.A. sounds legit half asleep.
I'm going to need you to change your voice a little.
It was a very good description of the Bruins, but like, let's pick up a little bit.
You're putting me to sleep.
Got to learn how to play guilty, buddy.
That's part of the business.
But I respect, I respect the breakdown.
I agree with him.
I actually got a little, I got chirped by my dad.
I said, the Bruins are going to be a little better.
He said, oh, really? I don't know about that.
I think he was just trying to, you know, go against whatever I said.
That's kind of what we do to each other.
But the team, I look at McAvoy, I look at the back end,
and McQuaid is a loss, but he's also a depth guy.
They miss him in the room and his toughness.
But like you said, they didn't lose much.
The one question, and it's going to be a big one for them,
is they need the guys who had those solid rookie seasons last year,
they're going to need them to continue to improve,
at least play as good as they did if not improve.
And a lot of times you will see players have the old sophomore slump.
You know about that line, guys?
You know they end up saying people have the sophomore slump?
It's a real thing.
That's why it's brought up.
But if you're looking at the preseason, how it's gone so far,
a guy like Jake DeBrus does not look like there's going to be any slowing down.
He looked incredible in China against Calgary.
Ryan Donato, who is going to be a rookie, he looked sick over there too.
A couple of nice passes.
It'll be interesting to see where he slides in.
But I don't see this team going anywhere in terms of competing to win the division.
And as we go on and talk about the division, there's kind of three, four teams that'll be looking to fight to win it.
And then there's two or three that you know are going to be at the bottom.
So it's kind of cut and dry when you're looking at the season beforehand for the Atlantic.
Well, R.A. and Whit, I'm going to have to agree with you, especially on the fact that, Whit,
you said that if those guys who are coming in their sophomore years, it's a little easier to do it when you're not expected to and
then all of a sudden you are and you got to contribute every night on an 82 game schedule
it's it's difficult so I think if they're able to have even just minor or slightly minor improvements
of those guys going into their second year and uh a big name that pops out for me
for stepping into that mcquade role and you guys can correct me if i'm wrong but that brendan carlo
he's a pretty big guy pretty solid player does he does he have that toughness though
he's not as tough as mcquade in terms of legit fighting i mean adam mcquade
shout out to that savage i mean he's i don't think i
ever see him lose saw him lose a fight he would just stand toe to toe and chuck hammers at people
carlo isn't that type of player but he's also better with the puck he's better at breaking
the puck out and that injury that he sustained last year that hurt them not having him that was
a big loss because there's a guy i mean a young a young guy playing 18. I wish I knew his minutes last year, 18 to 21.
Oh, yeah, losing a good four guy going right into playoffs.
I said that that was going to hurt him.
I thought they were going to lose in the first round to Toronto based off of that.
Shout out, Biz.
I was going to say that, man.
You did call that.
I didn't know if it was going to be a big factor
and it ended up being a real huge deal for them.
Go ahead, Grinnelli.
It smoked them in the Tampa Bay series more so, obviously,
than Toronto, just having that depth on the back end.
But, Grinnelli, you should be able to chair on the Bruins.
Yeah, well, I was going to say, you know, a lot of Bruins fans forget
about, you know, a kid named Anders Bjork, who was lights out at Notre Dame,
came in last year.
You know, he had some injury problems, but he was one of the best players
in college hockey two years ago.
His rookie season last year, he had some injury problems, but he was one of the best players in college hockey two years ago. His rookie season last year, he had some injury problems.
He was slotted in as a top six guy to
start the season last year.
I expect big things out of him.
Holy fucking rights with that
breakdown, Grinnelli. We need to mix you in a little more.
Guys, only
R.A. could say that a penalty
call in game two
changed the series when they lost in five.
That could have really changed the series.
They got smoked.
I'm pretty sure one of our guests had that same assessment.
Oh, you're talking about
Chucky Boy, right?
Chucky Boy.
Chucky Boy, yeah.
But, yeah, he did  R.A, he did mention that that call was very pivotal
into how that series played out.
Yeah, but
Go ahead, sir.
Oh, I was going to make another point.
One thing the Bruins will need this year, and I'm on Team Tuker.
I know he's very divisive.
He was good.
He was really good when he needed to be last year,
but he needs to be more consistent this year,
and he needs to have a better playoffs provided they get to the playoffs, too.
Like I said, I like Rask. I think he's
the number one goalie. People who complain about
the contract, shut up. I mean, it's
the Bruins' fault he makes that much money because
they fucking opted to give him another contract
year, and he stopped. Well, now saying that, what's
he making on paper, R, right?
I know it's... He makes like around eight, right?
Eight or eight and change, yeah.
I mean... Friendly right in front of me here.
The goal and rate.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's a starting goalie.
Actually, I take
I'm sorry.
I take that back.
He's only 7 million.
So it's
Yeah, it's not that.
But overall
7 million.
I mean, for what you get from him, I'm happy with him.
I mean, if you get rid of him, who are you going to bring in right now?
Boys, I would say overall this looks like a playoff team to me.
Grinnelli, I wouldn't mind if you hopped in here
and let us know the big additions and subtractions.
I'm sure it's pretty minimal that we haven't covered.
All right, so we'll start off with the subtractions.
And, you know, like Ari mentioned, we have Riley Nash, you know,
third-line center, Rick Nash in the playoffs there, Adam McQuaid,
backup goalie Anton Khadobin.
Bottom six guy Tim Schaller and Tommy Wingles,
all guys that were, you know, big parts of the team.
And then for the additions, they added backup goalie Yaroslav Halak.
They added defenseman John Moore and forward Chris Wagner.
Legs.
That's my boy, legs.
Nobody noticed him at the golf tournament.
They all noticed me from spitting chicklets and he was on the blue ones in
the turn.
Also then the next weekend we played in a golf tournament together.
Wags was,
he wasn't exactly striping it,
but he made some big shots and then he was going over to China.
It was a,
it was a tough way for him to end his golf season.
Let me tell you that though.
He wasn't exactly at the top of his game.
Hey,
Wags,
where are you?
Wags?
I know you're fucking listening.
And Bruins fans
love honey badges, too.
He said he's a honey badger type player, Biz, right?
Yeah, he just hits
people. He's got more skill than you think, so
good luck to the Bruins this year, especially
from R.A., your super fan. Well, R.A.,
you didn't really chime in on the
playoff perspective. What are you thinking here?
Shit, I mean, I like them for the division.
I had some money on them last year.
They lost in the last game of the season.
But, I mean, I think they'll contend for the division.
They should be one of the top two or three seeds in the East, I think.
Like I said, I see them making a progression this year.
They got so much young talent up and coming.
And they got a little bit of money if they want out of the deadline too.
So as a fan, I'm happy they're in the driver's seat.
Whit?
Yes.
Do you think that they're a playoff team?
A hundred percent.
No doubt.
No doubt.
I don't know where they're going to finish.
They're going to battle.
I can't pick who I think is going to win this division yet
because it's so evenly loaded up top.
Boston, Toronto, Tampa. I think Florida is going to win. division yet because it's so evenly loaded up top. Boston, Toronto, Tampa.
I think Florida is going to win.
They're in the playoffs, though.
I'm saying it.
Okay.
Well, let's move on to a New York team, the Buffalo Sabres.
They just finally signed Sam Reinhardt.
Why don't we start off with the additions and subtractions?
They've got a couple big additions.
All right.
So we'll start with the subtractions,
and they have Benoit Poulier.
They have Chad Johnson, Robin Leonard, Seth Griffith.
Not really too many subtractions, but when we go to the additions,
oh, boy, do they have a lot.
They have Patrick Berglin, first overall pick Rasmus Dahlen.
Oh.
Yeah, he's fucking unbelievable.
He's a fucking real deal, man.
You just came? Did you come oh oh nice when he's thinking about his first
unrestricted deal yeah or what she keeps sucking hey hey those when when she keeps sucking me
get me every time oh those are the funniest. Oh, Rasmus.
Does that make us immature that we like those?
Yeah, dude.
Perfect.
Sign me up.
Let's do it.
So we also have Connor Sheery.
They added from the Pittsburgh Penguins.
They added Jeff Skinner from the Carolina Hurricanes,
Vladimir Soboka, Tate Thompson as well.
So they've added some names, boys.
Holy fuck.
This team's a bit of a wagon.
And I'm going to start us off.
Boys, I don't know if you know this, but I was born well in Ontario,
which is closer to Buffalo than it is Toronto.
So I would go to a lot of Buffalo games growing up.
Really?
But for what that organization's endured for the last little while,
they still show up.
They got a fucking good rocking crowd, and I am very happy for that fan show up they got a fucking good rocking crowd and i am
very happy for that fan base that they have a very good team going forward akposo who was you know he
had uh some health issues coming in the last season i expect that he's going to be back to
his regular self and that's going to be a huge help for the buffalo sabers. Of course, Eichel. I mean, the addition of Skinner, who he's top six elite.
He's proven that.
Skinner!
I mean, look at  now you've got Bergland as a third-line center
and then Soboka as a fourth-line center.
That's Soboka's badger.
He does it all.
He fucking gets in there even though he's a little guy.
My only question to you guys is,
do you know who their second-line center is going to be?
Yeah, I think it's going to be Casey Middlestat Minnesota Gopher
he's a college guy I'm kind of really buying into this club right now as I as I go up and down
their roster I mean there's some talent up front Eichel for sure I think he's going to have a
monster year probably because he came on chiclets.
But, I mean, Darlene's going to
add so much. And yeah, he's a rookie, but
this guy, it's not like
a normal rookie. I think that he's going to
be one of those immediate star
players. I mean, it doesn't matter how young he is.
Probably a little harder to be a stud
on the back end as an 18, 19-year-old than it is
as a forward. But Rasmus
Versterleinen on the back end, too. That's-year-old than it is as a forward. But Rasmus Westerleinen on the back end, too,
that's a D-man who, cannon of a shot, skates real well,
and also competes a lot harder than I think people realize.
And, Biz, quickly, going into Buffalo,
what you're saying about what they've gone through,
I remember my first couple years in the NHL,
Buffalo was a wagon.
Oh, yeah, they had all their studs.
Jay McKee was there, wasn't he?
What? When Jay McKee was there?
I don't remember.
Do they still have the old jerseys?
The Buffa
slug? I don't think so.
I'm trying to think of the one year that they
went. They lost to
Ottawa in the playoffs. They were
an absolute wagon.
Dominic Kasich, man. He's one you know, one of the fucking best ever.
No, but I'm thinking, maybe they didn't lose at all.
I'm thinking like 2006, right around that time,
when it was Brian Campbell, Breer, Drury, like those teams were sick.
Tim Conley was there.
And the reason I bring them up is because what a sports town.
I mean, they love the Sabres up there.
They love hockey.
And so if they can get good again, I just, it's another arena that'll be crazy to go in and play
in because it's a hockey mad city. And I think that with the young talent on this team, they're
going to buy into this team and they're going to enjoy watching them play. I think they're going
to compete. I don't know if playoffs is realistic quite yet, but they're certainly on the right
track with some of these guys they got. And Berglund is a guy that maybe he's going to look to kind of say and show
he's got a lot left to prove after battling injury and inconsistency
in St. Louis a little bit,
but still a guy who could be a beast to play against just because of how big he is.
Yeah, I mean, the only way to go really for them is up right now.
They had an NHL low 62 points last year, last in goals, 29th in goals against.
There's room for improvement everywhere with this team.
And I agree with you, Woods.
Buffalo is a great sports city.
We got a lot of Chicklets listeners there.
They are great fans.
Imagine them at Chicklets.
You listen to Chicklets on Chippewa.
Yeah.
Take a shot, jump off a fucking table,
go Bills, go Sab Sabres that's all we got
and all right all that stuff you just said to be able in today's NHL to flip the table and all of
a sudden have a decently competitive team over the course of one offseason that's massive for them so
I mean I just want to reiterate congratulations to the fan base because you guys deserve that.
Anything else we didn't touch on?
Maybe the goaltending?
Actually, I was going to mention, I know we talked about Rasmus Dahlin,
but I think the other Rasmus we should mention, Rasmus Ristolainen,
he's probably one of the more underrated defensemen in the league that because he plays on Buffalo, we probably don't hear much about him,
but he's a hell of a talent.
I think, you know, I don't know if he's going to play with Dallin,
but there's two Rasmuses on that D that are definitely worth watching.
I just talked about Ristelainen.
Is it Rasmai or Rasmuses?
Wait.
Did you literally not have a full-blown conversation about that guy
about four minutes ago?
No, like a minute ago, I think.
Oh, it was Dallin.
You were talking about Dallin.
No, then I started talking about
Ristelainen. So we're going to
keep that documented.
That tells you
how hard R.A. went
at, what is it called?
R.A. went hard at pump.
I did go hard.
I was looking at some pages.
I tuned out for a second to check on some stuff.
It's alright, but we can end Buffalo with, I don't think they're in the playoffs, but there'll be an improvement this
year. And because of that, the city will be happy and drunk. Well, moving on, this team will be,
I guess, will be a little bit more critical of them. The Detroit Red Wings, they did not have
a great season last year. It doesn't look as if, though, playoffs is coming anytime soon in the near
future. Grinelli, why don't you
kick us off with the subtractions and additions,
please? All right, so first on the
subtractions, boys, I'm not going to lie, I don't
know one single name on
this. Okay, so
that's a bad sign. Yeah,
so that's a pretty bad sign on the
additions list. You know, again,
not really too many additions.
They got Thomas Vanek.
They do have Flip Zedina, who's definitely going to be a stud.
But they added Jonathan Bernier on the back end.
But other than that, you know, really not too many changes with this team.
Well, losing Zetterberg's tough.
You know, that's just going to be hard not only in the locker room,
but on the ice.
It's going to be a year where it's
probably a long
struggle for this team. I just
think that they don't really have a ton
up front. Like you said, Zedina
will be fun to watch. I'll be interested to see how
he does, but also
I don't have crazy high expectations
just because of
who he's going to be playing with.
I mean, there's going to be times when there aren't many guys on his level skill-wise.
But still, he's going to get a lot of ice time, I would assume.
And because of that, make a lot, you know, at least produce a good amount offensively.
But like you said, on the back end, it's not great.
I mean, it's just Mike Green is a good puck moving defense, and they re-signed him.
He's out with a virus right now.
Hopefully he's okay.
Who knows if that will be leading into the regular season.
But there's just question marks because of, you know, where they're at.
And it was so long and so much success over so many years
that at some point you kind of knew this was going to happen.
Every team who has years and years of big-time playoff runs and
long seasons, they go through a time when it's just rebuild, figure it all out. Now you get the
question mark, will Steve Eisenman be the GM there in a year or two? So it's going to be, I don't
think, a very successful season for the Red Wings, but if they can see some young guys
really improve, and you think of Mantha, who has moments when he's a complete monster out
there.
You know, Tyler Bertuzzi should make that team, I think.
Oh, he had a great last half of the year last year.
I think he's penciled in for sure.
I don't think there's any question.
Yeah, like, I guess not even make the team.
I misspoke.
I'm more thinking, you know, how much of an impact will he have?
But you certainly saw at the end of last year how good he could be.
And Anthony Seau, I mean, there's games.
It looks like he's the best player in the league,
and then maybe a little inconsistency.
So there is some talent.
I just don't think depth-wise they have what it takes to compete
to get into the playoffs this season.
All right.
Yeah, kind of piggybacking a little on what Whit said.
You know, it took him 20-plus years on what witt said you know it took them
20 plus years but the wheels you know finally come off the wagon in detroit no pun intended
you know and i think that's to be expected when a franchise has a great run i mean i think like
the san francisco 49ers they had a great run 15 20 years and then they sucked for a long time and
that's probably what's going to happen with detroit but the problem with detroit is they
have a 82 million million fucking payroll.
They're wicked, to use the wits fair word,
they're wicked old and they're wicked expensive.
I mean, they're not getting banked for their buck.
I know they lost two Hall of Famers in short order, but, you know,
that's going to happen.
Well, what do you mean by that, R.A.?
Like, are you referring to, like, let's say the Dachshund contract?
Well, I mean, the average age is 30.2 years old.
The league average is 28.
Well, as far as the money?
Yeah, as far as the money is concerned.
Yeah, well, if they could long-term him, I'm not sure what
I know he's on injured reserve.
I'm not sure exactly how much  if that works against them.
But basically, they spend a lot of money on, I would say,
second and third liners.
They don't have a shitload of top-tier talent.
I mean, Dylan Larkin's up there.
And then I think there's a bit of a drop-off after him.
I mean, they're spending 23 million on a defense that's based older than me.
Danny DeKuys is 28.
He's the youngest regular on D.
So I think it's just an old team, again, spending until the cap,
and they can't even make the playoffs.
I'm just in shock at the fact that this team is at the cap.
I mean, has that been adjusted for this season going forward,
or was that based on last year?
I'm on cap.
They got Datsuk off the books.
Obviously, what happens with the Zetterberg contract?
Does that stay on the books with?
No, because it's long-term IR.
So the team gets  he gets paid, but it won't be on
they won't be getting the cap hit.
All right.
I guess I chimed in there because I was just kind of in shock
about how much they have spending on this lineup.
I mean, there's nothing that really pops out to me other than Larkin.
I mean, like you said, they've got a lot of older guys
who aren't carrying the weight of maybe what they're making financially.
And that's not a dig at them.
That's just bad asset management.
Exactly.
I mean, you can't blame guys for taking money.
I mean, they're spending 48.5 million in forwards, 23 million on D,
a little over 8 million on goaltenders.
And, you know, again, Larkin, other than him,
there's really no one on the forward group that's getting that kind of bang for their buck.
When's Larkin coming on Chicklets?
Oh, he's going to come on.
He's got some funny stories.
He seems like he'd just fit right in with us.
Oh, we've got to get his buddy on too.
I mentioned I met him at the media thing in Chicago.
But, boys, the goaltending situation is a little shaky too.
Jimmy Howard, you just don't know what to expect season to season.
He had a good year last year, really good year, my boy Howie.
Right, but the year before that, he had his job taken by that Mazurk?
Mrazik.
Yeah, Mrazik.
Yeah, Philly traded for him at the deadline and then Billy.
Boys, and I just want to say to the fans listening, like, I suck at names.
Like, I'm not trying to be rude to these people.
I'm just basically illiterate.
So you're the modern Don Jerry.
If you could.
Yeah.
Basically,
if you could be a little bit sympathetic to my illiteracy,
I'd appreciate that.
So sorry,
guys.
I are chiming in there.
Go ahead.
It's all good guy.
Yeah.
Jimmy Howard,
34.
Also last year,
his Dale Bernier backing up.
So yeah,
I don't think Detroit,
they should just fucking tank and go for a lottery pick.
You don't want to get stuck in what I call the Philly zone.
You're not good enough for the playoffs, but you're not
bad enough for a really good lottery pick.
That was
the criticism here when
Gretzky was coaching. he wanted to have winning teams.
They just, they just didn't have them.
So they were finishing like, you know, 18th every year and 17th.
And then now you're not getting those lottery picks and you're really not
getting any better. Cause you're just, you know,
bringing in old guys that can help you get to the 18th spot. So yeah,
sometimes as an organization, you just have to say,
hey, time to hit the reset button.
There's going to be a couple years of pain.
I mean, Christ, I worked for the Coyotes.
They did it for the last three years, but now we're in a good spot.
Now we're a wagon.
Now we're going to go to Sunrise, Florida.
Ooh.
You like that one.
Go ahead, Gridley.
Not many subtractions from this team.
They have Connor Brickley, Radom Verbata, and then they've made  Redeem. Oh, you like that one. Go ahead, Gridley. Not many subtractions from this team.
They have Connor Brickley, Radom Verbata, and then they made some additions as well.
They added Troy Brower.
They got the better end of the Mike Hoffman trade, so they got Mike Hoffman as well.
And Justin Schultz. So they didn't add much.
They didn't subtract much, but they do have a young team going forward.
Wow.
Who wants to take them first, boys?
I'll take the pesky cats because I think they could have a solid season.
I really do.
I look at their roster.
I look at their, you know, the D with Yandel and Ekblad,
they could play so many minutes,
and Ekblad took that punch from Domi that we'll be discussing a little bit later.
And you hope he'll be okay.
He's had concussion issues, so you think about that.
But him and Yandel and Mike Matheson, the steps he took last year,
he made some big improvements.
He can skate like the wind.
He looked really good out there.
So maybe that's not the strongest part of their team, but there are some
top-end guys there. But up front,
we're going to start off
with newly named captain
and who Keith Ando
says when I said, hey, tell me something about
Barkov, I could tell the podcast. He said
he's the best player in the league not named
McDavid or Crosby. So that goes
to show where the assistant captain
of the Cats thinks of the
newly named captain, Sasha Barkov. Watching him is going to be a pleasure because he does it
defensively. He's one of the most unselfish players in the league. He could probably have,
that's the other thing Keith said. He said, I'll tell you right now, this fucking guy could have
120 points a year if he wasn't so unselfish.
The only time they'll ever shoot the puck is on a breakaway.
He just wants other people
to get the accolades except
for him. But the way
he can control the pace of a game
and the size and how actually fast he is.
He's one of those guys on TV, maybe not
doesn't look to you like he's flying
like Matt Barzell is or other guys
but he's moving at a quick pace.
At an alarming rate.
Not at a medium pace.
And so I think with Hoffman up front, the shot he has offensively,
Huberto had a great season.
Our chicklets boy, Vinny Trocek, who became a father this summer,
he's looking to have another big year as he continues to kind of rise
and to become a star in the NHL.
So, listen, there's some talent on this club.
I really think it'll kind of come down to Luongo.
We can go into one of you guys and what your thoughts are there,
but if he can be good, this team can make the playoffs.
All right, you want me to take it?
I'll jump in because, once again, what's, what's kind of
sets me up where that's my first note Luongo. I mean, the Panthers had a bit of bad luck last
year by him getting hurt because he had a, he had a nice year for himself. I mean, he only started
33 games, but he had a nine to nine save percentage, two, four, seven GAA. I mean, if he, if he doesn't
get hurt or Christ, if he plays five more games, they probably get in the playoffs because they only missed it by a point or
two, I think. So his health is key to that team.
They do get James Reimer backing up. He's, you know, a hot and cold guy.
He's, you know, you know, a backup for a reason. He's, he's a good backup,
but he'll get hot for a while,
but it just doesn't stay hot enough to be a number one Luongo to me right now.
The key is like what's just mentioned,
their offense, man, their top six is probably sneaky one of the best in the league
because it's in sunrise, because it's the Panthers.
We don't hear a lot about it.
But I love watching that team.
Like you mentioned, in front of the program, Vinny Trocek,
probably one of the most underrated forwards in the league.
Had a great year last year.
A fun team to watch.
And I think, honestly, honestly again if Luongo stays healthy or if they even if they were to make a move for
another goal I'm not saying they're going to but as long as they have a number one goalie this team
can contend for the division yeah boys I mean I wouldn't even say they're just underrated you
just never hear about some of these guys like Nick Bustad and Dadunov. Yeah, Dadunov's pretty skilled too.
I mean, this is a very interesting lineup.
I'm interested to see how the Hoffman thing turns out.
Obviously, you inject, you know, that type of story.
We don't know what happened, but there's probably some, you know,
enough rumors going around the locker room where now all of a sudden
you've got to inject the new wife into the wives' lounge,
and who knows, if shit ain't going good off the ice shit usually doesn't go
good on the ice so that should be interesting uh guys this fitrano just it didn't work out in
boston what can he add to that lineup um i don't know really fast is physical not great vision but
has a great shot um i don't see him playing on the top two lines,
but he could, you know, fill in and play up and down the lineup a little bit.
I'm not sure where he'll fit in on that forward unit
just because it seems like he's, you know, he's a north-south player.
He shoots everything.
Like, from the games I've watched him play in Boston,
he just shoots everything.
And, you know, he can get a couple goals,
but depending on how he plays on the other side of the can get a couple goals but depending on how he
plays on the other side of the puck he'll kind of depend on where he is in the lineup and how much
he plays and makes a factor this year or is a factor and uh one other thing that that Matheson
on the back end he and I'll tell them he's just a freak he's trains like a madman he's yeah he wins
right well hey that's uh hey that's that's definitely an advantage to being a professional athlete.
And then also Derek McKenzie on the fourth line, fourth line center.
He, Honey Badger, I believe he's the team captain.
Just a respected guy in the locker room.
So they got some good leadership, that's for sure.
Well, what do you guys think about playoffs?
I said they have a chance.
Are you guys saying they have a chance as well?
Or are you on the no, I don't think so.
I just said I think they'll contend for the division with Tampa, Boston, and Toronto.
Okay.
Four-horse race in this division.
Okay, I agree.
Well, very interesting takes on Florida.
We have to move to another team.
We'll probably more than likely have to be critical on the Montreal Canadians.
And, R.A., this is probably going to be fun for you,
so I'll just fucking tee you right up.
Yeah, I mean, obviously I don't like the Canadians,
but I don't like to see them that bad.
Like what you were just saying about what the team was talking about.
You want a full bond.
You want teams to be doing good.
Like, well, Buffalo, you know,
like I don't root against the franchise to do bad,
but at the same time,
I'm not going to send them a fucking sympathy card.
Yeah, this is a franchise in disarray right now.
As much as I've seen in several years.
This roster stinks.
Yeah, it's just not a well-constructed roster.
Bergevin, I don't know how much he's taken orders
from the owners or whatnot.
I mean, the PK-Subban trade is going to go down in team history
as an absolute fucking disaster, I think.
And ever since then, it's just been bad.
It seems like one bad move after the other.
And, man, they'll probably be lottery-bound again this year.
You wonder, like, is Carey Price going to get sick of playing for a team this bad?
Very interesting take, R.A.
I'm surprised you're that sympathetic towards other organizations.
But before we get Witt's take, Grinelli, I want to hear the additions and subtractions.
All right, a lot of turnover in Montreal this year.
Obviously, Alex Galchenyuk is out of there.
Max Pacioretty also out of there as well.
They brought in Max Domi. Obviously, you know, made a ton of there. Max Pacioretty also out of there as well. They brought in
Max Domi, obviously, you know, made
a ton of headlines, and they also
brought in Nick Suzuki, first-round draft
pick, Thomas Tatar
as well, and of course, they brought back
best beard in the NHL, Thomas
Pekanek. The turtleneck
man? Turtleneck man
has a perfect facial hair every single
game. He has to shave before every game.
This team, oh, man.
It could be.
It could be.
I mean, you don't even know how healthy their best player is in Shea Weber.
I mean, the injuries that he's been battling.
And like R.A. said, Carey Price, I mean, God,
one of the best goalies in his generation,
and he's just wasting away in Montreal right now because looking over this team,
it does just look like they're destined to be the bottom of the division.
And because of that, you know, maybe they do get another really high pick,
but this isn't exactly a city that enjoys a long rebuild or a losing team.
I mean, it'll be miserable there.
It doesn't matter if it's obvious that they're not going to have a good team
and they're kind of rebuilding on the go.
Those fans will torture them.
They'll be booing them by the end of the first period of the first game at
home this year.
They don't care.
So you look at their team and there's not any high-end talent up front
I like Brendan Gallagher
I would take him on my team any single day
When Andrew Shaw is playing his game
I'd take him on my team
Tatar could make a difference, right?
We talked about when he got traded from Vegas
That he does have some success
In the ability to score goals
But after that
It just really does kind of thin down.
Druin is a big test year for him.
To trade what they did, an amazing puck-moving defenseman
that they decided to trade in Sergeyev for Druin,
you expect a first-line-type talent center.
And he hasn't shown that, so it's a huge year for him.
And Max Di's got a
lot to prove and being traded but you can't tell me that kalchenyuk uh wouldn't look good on this
roster i mean if domi has a good year i guess that could even itself out but philip dino showed a lot
of promise jacob de la rosa i think it's de la rosa it could be de la rosa i don't know that's
bad of me i apologize to him that i don't even know how to say his last name.
But that kind of shows where the Canadians
are at in terms of what they have up
front on the back end. Goalie, they're set,
but you got to have some different
type of roster to really have a
goalie like that matter because what's he going to do?
I mean, there's going to be games. There won't be any
chance. How's he going to stop 60
thoughts? Well, boys,
yeah, I mean, you pretty much covered it all there with.
I just got ranting.
Yeah, no, I guess my question to you guys is,
is it worth having a goalie like Carey Price around to save them games
to getting a situation like we talked about of getting your team to,
like, you know know the 18th
spot and and you're you're just whittling away carry price's years where he's going to be
of starting caliber on a not so good lineup you're going to get to just maybe not making
playoffs like i don't see this team making playoffs so now it's going to take him four
years to four years to rebuild in the heart of Carey Price's career.
So it goes to the Eli Manning and ODB or Odell Beckham Jr. thing.
Like, I don't know, he doesn't really have the arm anymore.
Is it worth paying a receiver when you can't even get a guy to get him there?
I don't know.
And I open that up to you guys.
Yeah, I think they should look into trading him because, I mean, we always say our team isn't more than one or two years out, but the
Canadian's future just doesn't look all that bright right now. I think his price
will never be higher, no pun intended, as far as what they can get from him in the market.
A team would give up a shitload for him.
I said the same thing a couple years ago about Hank Lundquist, when the Rangers looked like
they were going to start taking a turn toward the bottom,
maybe looking to getting rid of a guy like that.
Yeah, but in the heart of Lundquist's career,
they were still relevant.
I believe they went to the Stanley Cup Finals.
That was during the heart of Lundquist's career.
Now it's like, well, hey, our team's not good.
He's towards the tail end.
I don't think Lundquist wants to get out of there.
Maybe if it was his last year as a starter,
and he's like, fuck it, I don't think Lundqvist wants to get out of there. Maybe if it was his last year as a starter and he's like,
fuck it, I'll go at the deadline.
But we're talking about, I'd say, one of the best goalies on the planet
just rotting away.
Right.
And to get to a team where now they're not going to get any lottery picks.
And he just signed at his best.
He's on an 84 million deal, making 10.5 million a year.
I mean, that's a contract I don't think any team would have a problem picking up.
That's a large chunk of change.
You know, I think he would probably  obviously, he's got a no-move clause,
so he would only move if he did indeed want to move.
But you've got to think how many more years of losing
before it starts to get to him.
I guess it's really up to Gary Price at the end of the day.
Yeah, and that's basically all I've got to say about Montreal.
Who do we got next, Coach?
Good luck this year, Montreal. day. Yeah, and that's basically I got to say about Montreal. Who do we got next, Coach?
Good luck this year, Montreal.
Ottawa.
Oh, Jesus.
Holy shit.
We should have done it together.
Let's space these out.
Who's the next team who will come back?
If you combine their teams,
if you took the,
if you combine their teams,
would they make the playoffs?
I say no chance.
All right, this is getting
fucking ruthless.
Sorry, Canada. I would say yes. I would say yes. Alright, this is getting fucking ruthless. Sorry, Canada.
I would say yes.
Because Perry Price.
Now all of a sudden you have a very
respectable team with
a very good goaltender. So yes.
Alright, boys. So the additions and subtractions
for Ottawa. Oh, we're doing it?
We're actually going to do this? Oh, yeah.
So we have Mike Hoffman
left Ottawa.
Eric Carlson, out of Ottawa.
The additions, Brady Kachuk, Mikel Bodeker.
That's really it.
Not much going on in Ottawa this season, boys.
So as I click on their NHL.com webpage, it says Ottawa.
It goes right to the Binghamton team.
It goes to that Eugene Lomig video. It goes right to the Binghamton team. It goes to that Eugene Lomig video.
It goes right to the AHL website.
It says Ottawa Rising.
I guess that's their tagline this year, Ottawa Rising.
Ottawa sinking.
Jesus Christ.
You can't rise from the dead unless you die first.
I mean.
Oh, shit.
Oh, easy, Mr. fucking poet dropping bars in Boston.
Sammy Adams.
I was doing that black guy meme pointing to my head.
You know what? It's going to be a long year, boys.
Should we just tell jokes instead of breaking down their team?
Colin White's another young guy who could be a stud in the future, local guy.
You know, everyone, all of our listeners know him as the rink or the rat rink.
Rink rat.
No, rat rink he called himself.
Oh, okay.
Man, it's tough.
No Carlson either on the back end.
I know.
Their D is just  Chris Weidman actually shows a lot of problems.
He's coming back from an injury.
He missed a lot of time last year.
He had a hamstring injury last year.
Bad hamstring.
They put his hamstring back together.
Fuck, that sounds brutal.
They're going to expect a lot from Dylan DeMello,
who, Biz, you mentioned as a kid with a lot of talent, right?
I did.
Listen, like we're ripping on these guys,
but they got some good young talent.
I mean, they
Call him the Shabbat.
And listen, Duchesne has world-class skill.
If he ends up getting
Yeah, if he gets the bull by the horns this year
and he has a breakout year where he can be a first-line center
in, I guess, a big market, Canada, you're always under the microscope.
I mean, who knows? I mean, fuck. And this Tierney guy, a big market. Canada, you're always under the microscope. I mean, who knows?
I mean, fuck.
And this Tierney guy, the second-line center,
is not going to shake a stick.
I know everyone's barking about the Carlson's trade
and how it's a ripoff.
If Carlson doesn't re-sign in San Jose,
I would say this is maybe just slightly below average,
but that Tierney's going to be the deciding factor
because I've watched him play a couple times.
I think I even played against him in the minors,
watched him play again.
But he's fucking no slouch, boys.
No, not at all.
In R.A.
And then they got your boy Kachuk's kid coming in,
so he might even make this fucking squad now.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I think, I mean, they're going to have something
to want to draw the fans in
this roster right now. Just taking a look at
it. I see
Marion Gabrick. I know he got traded there. Is he
healthy? I haven't checked. Is he going to be
on the roster? Tough to say with Gabs.
He's been going through a lot of injuries
on the back part of his career.
I'd like to say this.
Certain guys are built like a Ford
truck. He was built like a Ford truck.
He was built like a Ferrari where he just, now he's in the shop all the time.
And hey, that's it.
But he still looks so good when he's out on the road.
Fuck does he look good.
He dresses good.
He's got sick gear wear.
He's got a fucking bunch of money in the bank.
His wife's a missile launcher.
Yeah, he's doing good at life.
I'm built like a Volkswagen bug. Yeah, he's doing good at life. I'm built like a Volkswagen bug.
Yeah, yeah.
You're built like a... You actually are.
But yeah, man, this team is gonna...
You're built like a dump truck. You're built like a fucking
Mini Cooper that's like 12 years
old that filmed that movie and then went to
the junkyard. You're built like my
Explorer that I crashed into the
basketball hoop and lied about. You're built like my explorer that i crashed into the basketball hoop and lied
about like my formando cheese that's tucked away in my foreskin oh jesus christ you're built like a
a cheese it i found in my car that my son threw hey i don't think you top that i still got it
right for myself that's all right uh yeah basically boys how soon is it before uh matt aka steve duchesne demands a trade he's got
one year left on his deal six million he's definitely going to be traded i would say by
the deadline whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa they made that fucking trade and and duchesne had uh he's
got one year left on his deal yeah he's got uh he's oh well here's the thing he goes unrestricted
after this season here's here's what here's what i oh well here's the thing he goes unrestricted after this season
here's here's what here's what i'm gonna here's what i'm gonna tell you this guy has that
organization by the balls because he can say hey yeah i'm gonna stay but you're not gonna be paying
anyone anytime soon give me a nice healthy fucking contract he's gonna get a healthy contract
wherever i i can't see that guy right but but's the thing though. He's got to have a
big year to do that. I get that he's
had years where he's put up a point a game
but like
is he the type of guy to get more than
seven? Would you give him more than seven or
eight million dollars?
Is he a proven winner?
That's a great question.
Does he bring anything else
than other than like power play points?
And this is not a knock on the guy because, fuck, the guy's putting up points.
What I'm saying is Patrice Bergeron's putting up that many points,
and he's fucking killing penalties, and he's blocking shots,
and he's winning face-off.
There's fucking elements here where a guy should be able to get to 10.
It's a big year for him.
It is.
It's a fucking big year.
But I think he
could take advantage of Ottawa financially
as opposed to maybe other
teams.
He got over to Ottawa
last year and just struggled right away
and had a tough go. Then he picked it up big
time later in the year.
Maybe that kind of carries into this season.
I'm sure it wasn't a tough year. He left
Colorado after making it clear he wanted to be gone and then they took off and you know
ottawa did what they did uh ottawa rising uh on opposite day and so it's a big year for him
he is there he is there like he is there acknowledge that so many people are gonna
fucking miss that uh Just keep going.
Fuck, sorry.
Yeah, let's keep going on to the two other wagons in the Atlantic Division.
Thank God.
Some positive talk.
No.
Hey, I do hope Brady has a good year.
I think he'll have some talks.
I think he's going to stick with them.
And, boys, Matt Duchesne saw him at the media thing for the NHL,
and he wants to come on the podcast.
He mentioned a time where you guys all did a bunch of shots.
Well, you guys had a celebratory toast.
Is that what it's called?
Yeah, it was at the end of the game.
I've told the story.
He was the only guy.
But you told me he wants to come on, and he will talk about that.
So I'm going to save it all until then.
I'm going to save it all.
Okay.
All right. I want to give him a shot, and he's going to take it with you. He's a about that. So I don't even want  I'm going to save it all until then. I'm going to save it all. Okay. All right.
I want to give him
He knows you're a shot, and he's going to take it with you.
He's a good kid.
No, real good kid.
Real good kid.
Well, boys, it's on to Tampa Bay, and, yep, we know how that plays out.
Grinnelli, you want to hit us with the subtractions and additions?
Yeah, so the subtractions are the Chris Kunitz
that he will not be coming back for the team.
Trigger.
Tough one.
Not too many.
Never make that NRA, or I'll fucking leave this podcast.
Never make that what?
Were you the one making that goddamn sound?
No, that was the whip thug.
Oh, fuck.
I just pictured you doing it.
I'm sorry.
I just pictured him doing that, and I was like wit bug. Oh, fuck. I just pictured you doing it. I'm sorry. I just pictured him doing that.
And I was like,
oh,
I gotta get an Everlast t-shirt because I'm a fucking punching bag today.
Are we going hard at you?
It's all good.
I love it.
It's fun,
man.
Keeps me going.
You sound so fucked up right now.
Dude,
I'm fucking,
I'm old,
dude.
I was out till fucking three 30. Let's go. Dude, I'm fucking, I'm old, dude. I was out till fucking 3.30.
Wake up. Let's go, Grinnelli.
If the Ottawa Senators
were a voice, it would sound like RAs.
Do not put that on fucking Instagram.
I'll be getting lit up all fucking day, Grinnelli,
from Eugene Melnick Burner accounts.
But boys, not many additions with the Lightning, to be honest with you.
Yeah, they're kind of set.
They're set in the team they have.
It's a great team.
I mean, it's a very deep team up front on the defensive side.
I mean, Vasilevsky was unreal last year,
especially the first half of the year.
Then he got a little tired.
We talked about that at length last season.
But they're not going anywhere.
They're a team that it's kind of hard to even preview their season
because it's going to be very similar to last year
in how their lines are created and how they're made up.
Braden Point, talk about a coming out party.
That's a guy who has potential to be a complete stud.
And when they add it, he already is a stud.
He's an all-star.
So it's not potential.
It's there.
It's real life.
And then JT Miller and McDonough at the deadline from the Rangers,
they're back.
Those guys are very, very good players.
McDonough makes that D.
I mean, Hedman, McDonough, Girardi had a solid season.
Surkachev is going to take another step, I'm assuming.
You're going to see that guy really kind of figure out
the defensive side a little bit more.
Offensively, you see him skate.
Now he moves the puck.
It's a good trade, Montreal.
Stay hot.
So this team is going to be right there.
It's going to be the same as last year. Great fans, great building, this team is going to be right there it's going to be the same as last year great fans great building and they're going to be a tough team to play against for for everyone
all season i think if they don't win the division it's it's uh second um so it's going to be a
battle all year this division up top boston them in toronto is sick i'd even tell florida and
florida right yeah but but i think but i think three, you know what you're getting.
And Florida's a little bit, let's see.
But these three right now, you can just pencil them in
for having very good seasons.
Playoffs for the four teams that we mentioned who are very strong,
it's all going to depend on who takes advantage of the teams
at the bottom of this division.
If you're not fucking getting all those points,
that's probably going to be what it comes down to.
Regarding their team, boys, the one thing I think that could put them
over the edge this season, and this isn't a knock at Ryan Callahan,
he just makes a lot of money.
I believe he's just over 5 million as a cap hit.
That's devastating because they could add another big piece for that.
I think he's probably, at this point in his career,
like a borderline third, fourth liner.
That's just a lot of fucking money to be paying a depth guy.
If they're able to get rid of him at the deadline
and bring someone in who can maybe, I don't know,
bring a little more to the table, maybe a little more offense and bring that same depth.
I think that that can get them over the hump boys.
That's just my opinion on it. And as far as the backend, you know,
Girardi was in a similar situation in New York, but now he's there.
He's only making, I think just over a million or around there. So, you know,
it's, it's just a tough contract to have up front.
And when you're dealing with the top end teams in the league,
that could be whether what gets you there or what fucking makes you go home.
Yeah, man, the time is now for Tampa Bay.
This is their window.
You know, if they don't win a cup, you know,
in this next little few several years, you know,
as long as they get Stamro, I mean, Kucherov's still young.
He's only 25.
But, you know, this team has to win a cup in the next three, four years.
I mean, Whitney mentioned all the guys on the roster.
They're stacked as hell.
Their drafting has been unbelievable.
Stevie White left, but the legacy he left, what he left in place is unbelievable.
All the guys, they fucking, I mean, yeah, that kid Yanni Gord last year,
he's another guy which that came out of nowhere.
You know, Alex Cologne, Kucherov, I mentioned, Tyler Johnson,
like Andre Palat.
They hit like home run after home run with their draft.
Actually, Biz, I'm going to drop a little.
Sammy Sosa with the injection in his ass hitting dingers.
Wiz, I'm going to drop a little something.
Wiz, I always combine you two and said, Wiz, Biz,
I'm going to drop this one on you because I know you haven't heard this one.
You know, Tampa Bay holds the NHL record
for the largest playoff crowd ever?
Oh, really?
The NHL, the Tampa Bay Lightning have the record
for the largest playoff crowd ever.
I mean, how did they do that?
The venue was the Tropic, what's it called now?
The Tropicana Dome there.
That's the fucking place.
Whoa, they had a playoff game at the baseball
thing? Yeah, what's at the Tropicana
Dome with the
Tampa Bay Devil Rays play. Yeah, they
played there for a season. So when they made the
playoffs, it might have been their first year
and it was against the Flyers. Their playoff
games were at the fucking Tropicana inside the
baseball stadium. So how many did they draw, like 30,000?
It was high 20s, I want to say.
It might have been 28 maybe, but it's
Wow, so that's a fun fact, right?
Is that what they call them?
Trivia question.
Murderous trivia question that no one ever gets either.
And, boys, I mean, as far as their goaltending,
well, first of all, thank you for that little fun fact.
I'm sure some of our fans will enjoy that.
I did.
I love fun facts.
Thanks, brother.
Vasilevsky, he's good.
I mean, Louis Domingue,
we had him here in Arizona.
He did not have a good start to the season.
Found a new home there.
I mean, backups are important.
I know Vasilevsky is going to play some games
because he's one of those type of starters where he's going to get a lot.
But you've got to have a good backup, man,
because you can't be burning out your starter before a playoff run.
So a little bit of pressure laying on Deming.
So let's move on to Grinnelli.
Toronto.
Oh, okay, okay.
Well, let's let fucking Witt stroke himself off to talking about Toronto.
Oh, yeah. We get the subtractions and additions first.
Let's tee you up first, Witt.
Okay.
All right, boys. So for the additions and subtractions,
we have Tyler Bozak, Leo Komaroff, Joffrey Lupo, Roman Polak,
Thomas Placanik, and James Van Riemsdyk are all shipped out of town.
And for the additions, obviously, the biggest one being John Tavares.
And I know this is minor, but they brought in Jordan Subban,
PK Subban's younger brother, defenseman, still in the minors,
but who knows if we see him anytime soon.
The Toronto Maple Leafs, boy, they are back.
And when I say back, it's they think if you're from Toronto,
you think it's the center of the hockey universe.
And, you know, I guess it is.
Hockey Night in Canada, T.O.'s a great city,
smoke shows everywhere, great restaurants.
The Leafs are the number one show in town.
And they now have a team that people are dying to go watch,
whether they're at home and it's impossible to get tickets
or they're on the road, they're bringing Leafs fans wherever they go.
The type of hockey they can play is fast-paced.
It's offensively skilled.
It's very deep up front with unit three lines that can all score.
And if you just go through kind of what makes them so good up front,
everyone thinks Matthews, everyone thinks Tavares, Mitch Marner,
great young player.
But I always mention the guy who matters so much to them
and doesn't get nearly as much credit is Kadri
because this guy is able to play like a third-line center role.
Fuck, it's 30 tucks.
He gets 30 tucks. He's a rat to everyone. He's just such a valuable playerline center role. Fuck, it's 30 tucks. He gets 30 tucks.
He's a rat to everyone.
He's just such a valuable player for that team.
And, you know, to have Matthews and Tavares is one thing,
but then to have him, he's coming over the boards
when they're not on the ice.
It's just insane to think how deep they are with skill,
not just, you know, speed and stuff like that.
It's guys who can put the puck in the net,
guys who can set people up.
Their power play is going to be lethal.
I just  I really like this team.
I love watching them play.
They're a fun team to watch.
Freddie Anderson had a great season last year.
So I don't think that he'll  it doesn't seem like
since he struggled at the beginning of when he got there,
since then I think he's gotten used to playing in Toronto,
what it entails in terms of having 57 media members in the locker room
after every practice.
And he's really kind of settled into his role as the starter there.
And then quickly before you guys go, a guy on the back end
that doesn't get talked up nearly enough after, you know,
you hear constantly, you know, Gardner had a tough end of the year,
but you hear about him. Morgan's they're probably their number one but Zaitsev is I played against him
in Russia I've said that before just a very smooth calming influence out there 20 minutes break the
puck out play the power play so it's a good team that's going to be right there to win the division
at the end of the year wow that's a great breakdown and uh I'm going to start with their back end and kind of transition right into that.
I've been following this Connor Carrick on Instagram.
Great kid.
This kid's been training his dick off all summer.
Yeah, but it's Instagram, dude.
They all look like they're training their dick off.
No, no, no.
Trust me.
I can't be fooled about the Instagram workout guys.
I know Instagram workout guys.
Trust me.
I stare at videos all day.
Then you can't work with Oatsy.
They get criticized a lot for this back
end, but him and that Dermott are going to be a good
5'6". That's a solid
5'6". You mentioned Zaitsev
who's, I would say, a little bit
underrated. You don't really hear about him much.
Of course, we know Gardner. He's a solid
player. Riley, who
wants to come on the podcast, I would say he's an NHL number two.
Solidified borderline between one and two.
He's not like a true number one.
Can we agree on that?
Not yet, but 24 years old.
Oh, right.
He'll get there.
But, I mean, you can't put him in like the Carlson's or the Oliver Ekman.
No, no, no.
He's not an A plus. He's an A minus. They're more by committee on the back end. get there but i mean you can't put him in like the carlson's or the oliver eckman no no no he's
not like he's he's not an a plus he's an a minus they're more by committee on the back end more
by the back end i love calling it and a lot of people are kind of ragging on it and i'm going
to defend it and i'm going to say these guys are going to overachieve as a six-man unit this season
moving forward that's going to help of course with their offense and you touched on nazim
qadri i'm going to go as far as saying he their offense. And you touched on Nazem Qadri.
I'm going to go as far as saying he's one of the most underappreciated Maple Leafs of all time.
I remember they wanted to trade him like three, four years
into his Maple Leafs career.
Back-to-back year now, he's had 30 goals.
And you mentioned it.
He's not just bringing that.
He's killing penalties.
He's a fucking rat.
Like, I'm going to say this.
If I was playing
Get sussy.
Oh, yeah, he did. I did get sussy. But, like,. I'm going to say this. If I was playing... Oh, yeah,
I did get sussied.
If I'm playing against that guy,
he's fucking under my skin. I just want to
beat the piss out of him. But that's a credit to
his fucking game. But at the same
time, he is a great player. He also
needs to know when to rein it in.
He cost his team heavily last
year in the Bruins series getting suspended.
His presence really made a difference in that series.
Tampa Bay, they could have won the series had he not been suspended.
Excellent point.
I would use the term he wears his heart on his sleeve,
and sometimes he lets his emotions take the best of him.
Absolutely, yeah.
Marshawn's the same way.
It could have just as easily been Marshawn that did the same shit.
No, that's a fucking unbelievable point, R.A.
And, boys, Mitch Marner playing with fucking Tavares all year,
he hasn't signed a deal yet.
They might have to pay this kid, I don't know, eight and a half.
Yeah, I know.
Everyone we talk to, we barely mention Tavares. No, I just want to say, in saying all this,
and it doesn't really matter right now, it's early in the year,
but it will soon, is William Nylander and how this is all going to work out.
Because when you talk about them having three lines,
he's a big part of that.
By the way, speaking of Instagram, he looks shredded right now.
He's got the poses out, doing the ab exercise.
He's a man rocket, right?
Yeah, I'll give him that.
I love how cocky.
I never even met the kid, and I already know he's cocky.
Yeah, but the type of cockiness you embrace,
not the like, ugh, that guy's a fucking loser.
Like so cocky that you just have to respect it?
Like Scotty Upshaw cocky.
Yeah, no, I think this kid's a different type of cocky. you just have to respect it like scotty upshaw cocky like yeah no i think this kid's different type of cocky okay all right okay i think different it's like i'm the fucking
man i think he skates around on one ups and like beats off to look at himself in the mirror i think
he looks at himself in the glass and he's like you look good the girl in the front row thinks
he's like she's looking at him or they're saying  people  I don't even think they're close right now
on getting a deal done.
So, you know, how long can you sit out?
It's one of those things.
All right, well, maybe I'm going to risk sitting out
and hope the team struggles at the beginning and is pressured to sign me.
But if you sit out and then they start lighting it up,
well, then you could be really fucked.
So it's going to be a story we're going to have to keep our eyes
on here on the old Spitting Chickles podcast
in terms of when William Nylander gets signed.
And quick
story about Uppy because I brought him up about the
cockiness.
I wouldn't describe
Uppy as cocky. He loves himself,
but it's like loving yourself is different
than cocky. Right, okay.
Well, then you've proven me wrong. Most people would say, oh say oh god this guy's cocky but yes he up he loves himself
which there's nothing wrong with that but we were playing an az and when he would like make plays on
like the half wall sometimes he would start skating up ice and he'd look at himself in the glass
and fucking uh tip fucking lost Tip noticed him doing it?
Well, yeah.
We all did.
Uppy is the best, man.
How do you know he wasn't looking at a rocket a couple rows deep?
Because I think we know.
Because there's no rockets over there on the glass in AZ.
There's nobody at the game.
Hey, whoa.
Hey, no.
Whoa, whoa.
Granalee.
Granalee, cut that out. it'll be hey moving forward by the way
there'll be no insulting the fucking biggest wagon in the west arizona coyotes and by the way did you
see that covered wagon on their radio color guy shut the fuck up did you see ranta's pads
yeah did you see ronta's fucking pads?
Those are new gear for the Kachina jersey.
I just went and got fitted for my ring at Ganim Jewelers here.
It's over, boys.
We shouldn't even do the next division.
It's over.
The Metropolitan.
Actually, one more thing on Toronto, man.
We barely even mentioned Tavares, and they're already an offensive powerhouse.
He's just going to make them that much better, but, you know, they can't play that sort of run-and-gun style they played in the playoffs.
The defense wasn't good.
It needs to get better.
I know, you know, they got some quality on there,
but they don't have a true number one shutdown guy.
They're not easy to find.
Defense needs to be better.
Freddie Anderson, like Wood said, had a great regular season,
but he needs to be better in the playoffs as well.
If he, you know, cleaned it up a little more, they might have moved on.
They'll have all the offense in the world,
but until you have team defense and a better back end like we just said,
they'll be in the playoffs,
but I don't think they have enough to go too, too deep
unless those things improve.
Wow.
R.A., I fucking hate her, dude.
I can't wait until it leaves. I respect that. It's a good point. Their D can't wait to respect that it's a good point
their d wasn't good man it's a good point thank you hey i'm okay with him making the point but
you're gonna have to be in the witness protection program because leafs fans will be attacking you
on twitter when this comes out that's all right we're good all right i'll just breathe all over
him well there it is boys it's our at Atlantic preview. And as we discussed while we were going over the teams and real top, heavy bottom, shitty division, we talked about the
issue between Max Domi and Aaron Ekblad we had from the preseason game this past weekend.
I'm very interested to get Biz's opinion. I don't know if you're going to agree or disagree. I'll
kind of start quickly in saying dirty play. I'm not ready to
call it a sucker punch. I'm not. I think it was dirty. I also think Ekblad's got to do a better
job of protecting himself. And I'm not trying to be the hero. God knows I was fucking soft as shit.
But that guy standing in front of you pretty much saying, we're going to fight. We're going to fight.
I want to fight. I want to fight. You do do something whether it's cross-checking him in the mouth and you're
protecting yourself you've got concussion issues and he ends up leaving himself available dirty
play by domey but what do you think about that biz where did you stand on the whole play i mean
i'm kind of done really arguing about the whole you know whether something was a cheap or dirty
no no i meant because like obviously my opinion now will carry on Twitter.
Everyone's going to give me their opinion.
I just don't care to talk about it.
I'll say that the NHL is at a place now where if a guy doesn't want to fight you,
he doesn't have to fight you.
If you punch him, then you're probably going to get sussied.
I will say this, though.
How about that ruling?
He got a gift.
Nobody wants to play preseason games.
I didn't even want to play preseason, and I never even played in regular season.
That would have been my time to shine, getting 10 minutes in fucking preseason,
buzzing around there, actually knowing what it's like to touch the puck once in a while.
No, this guy gets the whole preseason off not getting fined one fucking dollar,
and he got the Colgate guy in the face.
Everybody should be doing this.
They're like, hey, did you see Witt in the locker room?
What's he doing?
He's popping bottles of Gatorade?
Yeah, he got suspended the rest of preseason.
He's still getting his dick off.
Yeah, I was shocked to hear the results.
I like Domi. I gack blad i i heard
that there were buddies off the ice i don't even know if that's the case but uh well it also it
also goes into the fact of right away you hear uh we're not going to forget that um um you know
i'm misquoting payback to bitch things like that now all of a all of a sudden, he knows he's going to have to fight someone,
but if anyone pulls a real dirty move on him,
then they get  God knows their suspension.
So it's turned into a little of a gong show.
But for Ekblad, scary, scary play for a guy who's had big-time concussion issues.
I don't know if you guys saw his interview a couple days later.
He had two  he had the raccoon.
Oh, yeah, he got banged up.
So he certainly drilled them.
And my whole point is, and I'm really making sure everyone knows,
I couldn't punch my way out of a wet paper bag.
But when somebody's in your face, whether you're in a bar or on the ice,
telling you we're going to fight, we're going to fight,
you might just want to drill them first because at that point you know it's coming so it was it was tough to see i'm sure ecbled would handle it again differently if it were
to happen again but what a what a deal for domi oh no oh no i don't have to do the day trip flights
for a pre-season game um the title me was pretty vocal on twitter about it just basically saying
the same thing you are is like oh like, leagues change, you've got to protect yourself.
Like I said, I'm going to take
the stance where, well, I was maybe more so
dirty than the guy had to protect himself,
but that's just the way the NHL
is now. I'm sorry it's gone that way.
I think we're all aware that's where it's gone,
R.A., right? I agree.
That's like the new NHL.
Kelly Chase is obviously
old school about it,
and I kind of asked him back, well, you know, in this day and age,
no one really has to fight if they don't want to.
Now, you said he should have been ready to protect himself.
And I'm not being a smiler, but, like, what should he have done in that situation?
And that's without talking to Ekblad or Adomi.
I'm watching what you guys have seen.
But he's in his face, and you can tell he's he's either saying
let's go let's go we're fighting we're fighting dude yeah the league says you don't have to fight
if you don't want to fight that's how things have gone but somebody's in your face at some point you
got to realize like i'm fighting this person right i mean you saw what i did with jackman
he's not turtled all right that's a great question because i'm going to tell you
what might be going through ekblad's mind in that scenario.
Is Max had him kind of cocked and loaded from the beginning?
So he might be thinking, because I've been in this situation too,
is if you all of a sudden make the motion that you're going to drop your gloves,
he's already cocked and loaded.
So he's thinking, fuck, I'm fucked either way.
I'm damned if I do, damned if I don't.
Because the minute he tries to pull his hands up, Max seeing red at that point. Because I've been either way. I'm damned if I do, damned if I don't. Because the minute he tries to pull his hands up,
Max seeing red at that point.
Because I've been there too.
He's a step ahead of him at that point.
Right.
So he's seeing any movement of this guy's hands as now a threat to himself.
So he probably would have just thrown that punch the minute Ekblad would have
shedded.
And in a perfect world, Ekblad would have just had his gloves off
and just kept him at a distance and basically called in the refs. Because's got the reach on him yeah that's what he didn't he didn't really
push him out either that's what but hey listen it's easy to break down those things but when
you're in the midst of situations like that and and we talk about all the time that happens so
fucking fast and you're seeing red there is no rational thinking and to boot you're at the end
of the shift so there's no oxygen going to your brain and also if if you have heard through the grapevine or wherever that they know each
other that probably part of him was like well he's not going to drill me so i know i'm kind of
playing i'm kind of playing both sides of the fence but so you always want to see i think adam
oats would say what he tell us boys you know protect yourself Basically, if that's not a sucker punch, then
what do you consider a sucker punch if that's
not a sucker punch?
Sorry, Vince. Go ahead.
He knew he was in front of him
the whole time. I would say it's
50 of a sucker punch. It's a half
sucker.
A sucker to me
is a guy doesn't even see you coming.
Like, he skates up behind you, taps you on the shoulder,
he turns around, suckers you.
Okay.
For me, a sucker punch is nobody has a clue where anyone is,
and you catch a fist to the jaw,
as opposed to being in someone's face, let's go, let's go, let's go.
Yeah, technically, I guess it's a sucker punch,
but not nearly on the level of drilling someone who doesn't know you're there right yeah i get i
guess probably degrees of it i guess if you're just not expecting a punch even if you see the
guy it's a sucker punch but speaking of punching we are going to go to the best face punch in the
league right now ryan reeves of the vegas golden knights what a Holy shit, you're growing up in front of our eyes, all right.
This interview is brought to you by MyBlue. Sometimes it's hard to find a satisfying vape that's simple and convenient. Blue, who introduced vaping to the world, is now introducing
MyBlue. MyBlue gives you all the satisfaction with none of the hassle. You just click and go.
With MyBlue's easy-to-use one-click liquid pods, you can switch between flavors in seconds,
and there's a range of flavors to choose from.
MyBlue's curved design makes it comfortable to use,
and it takes just 20 minutes to charge, and you set all day.
That's the best part.
It comes with a free, limited-lifetime device warranty called MyCare as well.
So try MyBlue today at MyBlue.com.
Not for sale to minors.
Warning, this product contains nicotine.
Nicotine is an addictive chemical.
Ryan Reeves of the Vegas Golden Knights.
Welcome to the fucking show, buddy.
But we got something to clear up, apparently,
because you texted me and you were a little pissed.
And I told a story about you the wrong way,
and it had to do with St. Louis' training camp
when you got sent all the way up to Alaska because you fucked up.
Oh, buddy, fuck up is the least, the lightest you could say.
It was crazy.
So let's hear the real story.
If a rookie did this now, Revo, I think you might eat them.
Oh, buddy, I would have dunked them in a hot tub.
You never would have come out.
It was crazy.
Honestly, my first training camp, I there and when i left i was like i'm never gonna see the inside of an nhl locker room again like i just fucked up my whole career you're teeing this
story up real nice what's that i said you're teeing up this story real nice like you're so
it must have been way worse than i described it was it was bad it was gross
like i i almost just ripped up my bonus and just said fuck it okay all right so take us from the
top so i'm training right before camp and i mean it all started when i was training i rolled my
ankle doing uh during sprints running in the rain like an idiot, not even a runner. My agent doesn't call St. Louis.
This is my old agent.
He doesn't call St. Louis and tell them I'm hurt until basically a week before.
So I get to camp, and they're all wondering what the fuck happened.
I get there, and so I'm hurt for all training camp, basically.
So I'm doing just upper body workouts, you know, as normal,
just like I do now.
So I'm doing just upper body workouts, you know, as normal, just like I do now.
And, yeah, so I'm done early one day, and Big Wolf comes up to me.
And they got this big, like, you know those water massage tables? Like, you lay down on it, it shoots hot water, and it massages you.
I mean, I don't, but they sound like they're fucking amazing.
They're unbelievable so big Walt comes up
hey kid come over here
take a look at this thing
and I'm looking back on it now
this motherfucker set me up
I know he did
I know exactly what he was doing
now that you know him
yeah I'm gonna get him
I know where he lives
so I'm gonna get him
so he tells me to yeah, I'm going to get him. I know where he lives, so I'm going to get him. Don't worry.
So he tells me to lay down on this.
And my group's on the ice.
He tells me to lay down on this thing.
He says it's a 30-minute hot water massage.
So I fucking lay down.
And 10 minutes later, I'm out cold, drooling everywhere.
I don't know. I'm just sleeping now in the middle of the locker room.
Bryce Salvador, I guess, sees me like 25 minutes into this thing,
comes over, slaps the water bed, scares the shit out of me.
No fucking sleeping in the dressing room.
And I get up.
I wipe the drool off my face, and the first person I see is Larry Plo,
who's the GM.
Just gives me this look.
Gives me this dirty look.
Walks up to Ray Borelli, the trainer, and goes,
who the fuck is that kid sleeping on the water table?
It's Ryan Reeves.
He's a young kid here.
Oh, fuck.
You know, I got sent down the next day.
Peoria training camp now.
I'm there.
I'm so out of shape.
I'm still just getting off this high ankle sprain.
Davis Payne is putting me through like bag skating.
Oh, no.
That's when I finally get on the ice.
Yeah.
We know Payne is notorious for his bag skates.
Oh, man.
And it wasn't even like looking back on it, it wasn't even that hard.
It was, you know, it'd take like 10 slap shots standing still,
and then you got to go through the red line.
So he's putting me through this, and this is back.
So my first year, I got to say,
I thought genetics was going to carry me through my NHL career.
I thought, you know, I had a little bit of the athlete gene,
a little bit of the black gene in me.
I'm going to be all right.
I'm a beast.
You know, that was young and stupid.
So I wasn't training that hard in the summers i get i start doing this bag skate and i'm done two reps two out of i think eight and i'm on my
knee painter goes all right revo get up and i look at painter i go i can't you know reaver get up
painter i can't like i literally can't and he's, Reaver, get up. Painter, I can't. Like, I literally can't.
And he's telling me to get up, and I'm not even moving.
Like, I got my head buried in the ice.
No fucking chance I'm getting up.
All right, he skates right off the ice.
I get off the ice.
Hey, Reaver, Painter wants to see you.
Yeah, no shit.
All right, we're going to send you down to Alaska for conditioning.
Yeah, I know, I know.
So stupid me, after all this happens, I'm thinking this is the end of my career for sure.
So I pack up my truck and everything I drove down to St. Louis,
and I drive it to Seattle and then ship it to Alaska.
So now my whole life's in Alaska.
Well, luckily for me, there's somebody even stupider than me,
got drunk the night before a game or for practice or something like four games in this season
mispractice
Uh didn't show up. They couldn't find him. So he got sent down. I got called back up and I
And the rest is history the rest is fucking history. Wow
I need one of these fucking water hot beds or whatever the fuck you call them
But you yeah, you want one of them, trust me.
Just not anywhere near a dressing room.
So Walt, Keith Kachuk set you up.
I mean, fuck, you've had a long time to get back at him,
but you are plotting.
You are plotting big time.
Oh, I'm plotting, trust me.
It's tough to find that guy.
I don't know where he is anymore.
What do you mean it's tough to find him?
He's about 250 pounds.
I didn't say tough to see.
I said tough to find.
Okay, all right.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Once you find him, you'll know exactly where he's at.
Revo, I mean, we got to talk about Vegas.
We got to talk about Vegas.
You had a bit of a weird year last year.
You start in Pittsburgh, and then you end up in Vegas, man.
Yeah, a little.
You go from a party town to one of the dullest cities in the league.
So I don't know.
It was a tough transition for me.
Yeah, but dude, before we get there,
Biz jumped in briefly because I wanted to ask you.
So that year you spent a little bit of time in the coast,
but then you had, I think, three or at least two full seasons AHL,
no call-ups.
Are you thinking, like, I'm never getting called up, this is going to be it?
Or were you the whole time thinking, all right, at some point I'm getting a chance to play in the show?
You know what?
I think the good thing about me was I never really expected to get called up.
I just wanted to plug away.
And, you know, all of a sudden I'm making seventy thousand dollars and you know i loved it
uh so i just wanted to keep plugging away and i never really put the expectation that i was
gonna get called up i i just kind of wanted to work hard and you know get some more ice time
in peoria and i plugged away for three years and and then i hit a year with rick wamsley you know
who that is yep why don't you explain to the listeners who that is, though?
Oh, man.
Rick Wamsley was the goalie coach in St. Louis.
And he got sent down to Peoria to be the head coach.
And this was maybe the worst thing that ever could have happened to me in my career.
It was out of control.
This guy gets there.
His first speech was crazy.
I can't remember what it was, but it was something like,
I don't even want to be here.
I don't know.
I don't know what he said.
So we get there.
We're playing back-to-back with Houston in Houston.
He scratches me.
I hadn't been scratched for a year and a half.
Scratches me like the third game he's there.
And he goes, Reaver, you're out of shape.
I was like, I'm not out of shape. I come into shape every year like that's my whole thing i'm coming into shape now
after my first year everybody says out of shape no so he goes okay so we have prep pregame skate
then he bags me then he does that uh that three laps six times thing oh Oh my God. What? Between 45 and after a bag skate.
Like this is a second bagger.
So I go around 45.
Yeah, it's crazy.
It's not even fun
when you're fresh.
So I get out there
and I go 45, 45,
47,
48, 48.
And you're supposed to
keep it under 47.
See you, Remo?
You're out of shape. All right, man. So you're supposed to keep it under 47. See you, Remo? You're out of shape.
All right, man.
So he's got to be the next back game.
And then the next game, we're playing Houston again.
And is that Matt Cass?
Is it Matt Cass?
Yeah, Matt Cass.
Yeah, yeah.
He's running around just killing people.
And we have that little Brett Sonia on our team fights.
Nick just done a big fight.
They both get hurt.
And I'm sitting there like, are you going to let me go out there and do something about this?
And he's like, no, we don't need that right now.
We're behind in the game.
It's 1-0 in the fucking first period.
Oh, my fucking God.
Who the fuck is this coach?
Who is this guy?
Is he on social media? I'm going to fucking tweet at him and tell him to go fuck himself. Like, fuck fucking God. Who the fuck is this coach? Who is this guy? Is he on social media?
I'm going to tweet at him and tell him to go fuck himself.
Like, fuck this guy.
I thought this guy was going to just ruin my career.
But then I get a call from the management at the end of the year,
and they want me to drive down to St. Louis for a meeting.
And they sit down.
Honestly, I drove three hours.
They sat down.
They said, listen, I know this year didn't go very well with you and Walmer.
He's not going to be back next year.
So let's just wipe this one clean and we're going to get you up here next year.
How about a fucking texture in the season?
Hey?
How about a what?
I mean, was Armstrong there?
How about a texture in the season?
After the season they have you come down?
I want to say, yeah.
I don't know if Army was officially GM yet there.
I think Larry Clow was still there.
But, yeah, it was literally like a two-second,
sorry, Bo Palmer, we're going to get you,
we're going to get this season back on track.
And then the next year, I got called up.
I mean, Reaver, are you not like, well, I know,
but, like, I did a whole season of that.
It would have been nice to know that you guys were on the same program as me the whole time
as opposed to mind-fucking me for an entire fucking season.
Yeah, you know what?
I don't know.
I didn't know what to think.
I was young and I was just like, you know, this guy just fucked my whole career.
And then I just got a quick apology.
I was like, okay, maybe I'm okay.
And then I left, and, you know, Walmart never came back.
They hired this Bednar.
And then, you know, I got my first call.
It was basically the second game of the season
because Jansen ran over that  or that Winchester ran over Jansen
and gave him a conkey.
So I got called up right away.
So what you're saying is the coach was racist.
I mean, I can't say that.
You can say that.
Actually, Revo, you know this.
I'm part black.
My mom's half black.
That's when you guys really hit it off.
When you told him.
Yeah.
He told me, you know, when you came to training camp,
remember I said, let's go get a fresh lineup.
I don't even know if you knew what a lineup was, though.
That's when I started questioning your blackness.
Oh, yeah.
No, no.
I only go to barbers.
I won't go to a salon.
But there wasn't any good ones in St. Louis, surprisingly.
Some of them were a little lazy.
Weren't really getting all the hairs back there.
I think you took me to a barbershop.
Revo, should we talk about how the fact that...
Maybe R.A. was going to ask.
Let's R.A. ask a question.
Yeah, Biz keeps stealing my fucking notes over here.
He's looking over my shoulder.
R.A., I can't read that fucking penmanship.
Are you kidding me?
That chicken scratch?
Last week, the hockeyfights.com bracket came out.
Suck it.
Rightfully so.
You were pissed off.
I think you said the disrespect is real.
How did they leave you off that, man?
It was kind of embarrassing, though, that they left you off.
You know, I'm a little upset that Biff alone didn't call and say,
hey, this guy beat me up when I fought against him.
You should probably put me instead of him.
But I don't know.
I don't know what the hell happened there.
I guess, I don't know. I don't know what the hell happened there. I guess, I don't know.
I slipped through the cracks.
Revo, I said it on last podcast.
They clearly put me in there for the retweets or the likes.
I would not feed into it.
Hey, man, I respect the guy for throwing me on there for that reason,
but I was kind of embarrassed when I saw my name on that list,
so I will concede that one.
I would have you on there. No, no, I concede that one. I would have you on there.
No, no, I'm not saying that.
I would have you on there.
There's some other names that maybe not.
Fuck, if you're going to throw, you know,
if you're going to have the toughest bracket,
you can't be throwing four goalies on there instead of, well, fuck.
Like, there's other guys that got left out, you know what I mean?
And you're going to have four goalies because they fought twice in their career
all of a sudden made it to the toughest?
That's probably how it works. Revo, remember that time in St. Louis? I was're going to have four bullies because they fought twice in their career. All of a sudden, they're the toughest. That's not how it works.
Revo, remember that time in St. Louis?
I was begging you to fight because we were down.
And he was like, no.
And then I kind of tried to put on a spectacle.
Like embarrass him a little bit?
Yeah, because I had to to get him to go.
And then he's like, oh, yeah, you want one?
All right.
You know what?
I was just thinking about it.
I remember exactly in my head.
And then he spanked me.
I want to hear your take, Revo, of what he was doing to piss you off that much.
You know what?
I don't get pissed off easy.
Hitch told me right before that shit, he's like, don't fucking fight this guy.
So, this lines up right next to me.
He's like, keep him on his.
And he gives me a little whack, a little chop.
And I look at him and I was like, listen, I'm not fucking fighting you.
And then he took his skate and he fucking gave me like just a baby little slew foot.
Like not a little fell, but just a little tap on the back of my leg.
And that was it.
Poke the bear.
The wires crossed.
You literally, yeah, if you watch the video, you see him kick the back of my leg.
And then I just turned right out.
I was like, okay, yeah, we're going.
Yeah, and Hitch probably didn't care.
And then he fucking spanks me.
And then he fucking, he gives it the belt.
He fucking pumps up the crowd.
The crowd is going nuts because I was big on Twitter then and I would chirp back at fans.
I must have had 50 people come down to the penalty box and be like, suck it, Bissonnette, you fucking loser.
Why don't you tweet about that one?
Ha, ha, ha.
And I was like  and then I remember I was so mad at you.
I was being a big poopy pants because I was getting cornered by your fans and you.
And then you're like, hey, man, sorry for overselling.
And I was like, whatever, whatever, bro.
I was such a loser.
Well, hey, at least I do apologize for that because I'm not really like that.
Unless I fight somebody that I fucking hate and they're talking shit. Then I'm going to do it right in their face.
You weren't like that. You're just playing your role.
I have to apologize a little bit.
Hey, Revo,
this year, I think,
I don't know who it was, but Tortorella
singled you out of talking about somebody
like, he went out there and had to fight
that animal Reeves. Did you just take
pride in seeing another coach call you a savage yeah he called he called me out listen he did that and
then the tweets started rolling in oh fuck tortorella's racist he's calling oh no they
didn't honestly and i was like i i was sitting there and I was reading all these tweets. And I'm saying this is exactly why millennials are rooting this world.
Oh, thank you.
The sensitivity in this generation is out of control.
I know what he's saying.
He's saying I'm a big fucking guy that just went after the captain.
That's all he's saying.
So then he starts catching all this heat.
And I guess he's caught so much heat,
they made him call me.
Really?
Maybe they didn't make him call me.
He called me to apologize, and he said,
hey, River, it's Torch.
And I said, Torch, don't you dare fucking apologize.
Nice.
I just want to clear there.
There's no air to clear.
I know you're trying to say,
I don't got no time for this.
This is garbage. Don't even be listening to these other people he's like he's
like at least i didn't say silverback gorilla hey well yeah yeah i don't be jumping that bench next
time we play the jacket that's for sure oh fucking man george you fucking piece of shit are you
fucking kidding he's like he's like no one's going to hear this one, though. Suck it.
Hey, now we're on the phone, you fucking loser.
Yeah.
All right, so, dude, go into Vegas.
You get traded from Pittsburgh.
And I need to hear your thoughts on that pregame ceremony, the crowd, everything in general. I didn't make it out to a game this year.
I'm hoping to.
I'm sure you're going to make it out to more one- 1-1 game this year if I know you. Come on now.
I'm going to stay at your place. Is that cool?
Yeah.
I just bought a place down there. I got lots of room.
Nice little pool for you.
Wow.
Not a big deal. Big contract. Two-year deal.
Over 5 million. Thank you very much.
Another nice one.
You're welcome.
No shit, Revo. Revo, let's give you a chance to plug your're welcome. You're welcome. Double this price. First time I got paid. No shit, Revo.
Hey, Revo, let's give you a chance to plug your new venture.
And I'm interested.
I kind of want to get involved in this.
Yeah, what's going on there?
New venture?
Oh, the beer.
Ah.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm starting up a little beer company.
Let's see how it goes.
I started a little bit in St. Louis.
Called it the Grim Reaver. And it did little bit in St. Louis, called it the Grim Reaver,
and it did pretty well in St. Louis at this one bar.
So I got a couple meetings this weekend,
and hopefully everybody doesn't think I'm an alcoholic because I'm not.
I like a nice beer, and it's something to do after I'm done playing, hopefully.
IPA? Is this an IPA?
IPA, yeah. Red IPA, 7.5.
Oh, dude, I'd have three of those and be buzzing.
Come on, Whit.
Revo, I mean, Golden Knights have a huge fan base, much like St. Louis.
I'm sure that your beer is going to pop off.
I mean, I guess we could talk about that, the fans,
and fucking how much fucking energy they bring to the building.
Honestly, it's wild down there.
You would never think in the middle of the desert in Vegas
where there's a million things to do and it's hot
that you're going to catch 18,000 fans coming into a big icebox to cheer on the hockey team.
But that's exactly what it was.
Just everything they do from the drumline two and a half hours before the game
until the very end of the game.
During the game, the songs they play and the videos they put up on the board,
it's wild there.
Like, the song that we come out to, it's not even a song,
it's like a, I think it's called John Wick something,
I don't even know, it's just some beat, but it is,
it gives you chills when you come out every time.
I thought it was Hans Zimmer was fucking pumping in that place,
just playing with our emotions.
I mean, that place can play with your emotions. The whole city can play with your emotions. I mean, that place can play with
your emotions. The whole city can play with your emotions.
I'm sure you know that. It's played with a lot
of my emotions. I try to jump off
the Brooklyn Bridge. Play with my balls.
Chew it on my
foreskin.
It's even
dropped off a Z-Pack.
Is Vegas the best atmosphere
you've played in the NHL so far?
Like that arena? Oh, for sure.
For sure.
It's nothing like
you've ever... I don't think...
I'm going to assume that
Vegas has now set the new standard
for what a sports team has to
do to drop fans and to
keep fans because
it's a show. know you have a a good
hockey team on the ice but the production and it's a vegas show that's all it is and and they do it
so well that i would be shocked if other teams don't start trying to follow that lead and it's
going to be tough because the city you know just the way the city is kind of helps that out a little bit but I think
that's got to be the new standard
Do you get recognized around town there?
We talked to Flurry about it
he said obviously for him he does
at the beginning of the year he didn't
but quickly for you were people noticing you
wherever you were out to dinner or shopping
whatever it was?
Way more than I thought
way way more than I thought i was there for two
days and somebody came up and tried to buy my dinner uh thanks man manager yeah it's honestly
i i never would have thought it would have been like that in vegas i mean especially especially
right away but i mean i guess i got there right when you know well this team is this team is
legit you know i think, this team is legit.
You know, I think at the beginning of the year, everybody thinks,
okay, this is a little bit of a fluke.
They can't keep doing it.
Then another month goes by.
Okay, they're going to slow down.
Month three, I don't know.
They're kind of legit.
Month four, five, like this team is legit.
They're not to be messed with.
And I think I kind of came right around when everybody knew that the team was legit.
And, you know, the city was right on board.
Did you know that when you're sitting in the room getting ready to come out,
they would play my voice saying that you guys were going to be the doormats of the NHL?
I loved it, though.
I love every time you're wrong.
You're so grooving at the predictions, it's out of control.
Dude, it's been a disaster.
You're going to lose your job, man.
No shit.
I'm just waiting to get a call.
Like, what are you doing?
You can't work for us anymore.
He's trying to go full-time at Barstool,
so he's trying to get fired
so he can probably go after them.
Revo, did you go to Shadi's wedding?
I did, yeah.
To talk about Shadi's wedding,
it must have been fucking amazing.
That looked big time.
It was fun.
Honestly, it was kind of like a big blues
reunion. There was a lot of
current blues guys there.
Yeah, it was wild.
Shaddy did it just like Shaddy
always does. He rented out this
huge vineyard
that doesn't usually accept weddings,
but I'm sure he flashed that Louis V wallet around and got them to do it.
It was just classic shatty wedding.
That's all it was, but it was a blast.
So, Revo, I'm looking right here.
It's two years at what?
2.775?
This is the one you signed this summer?
All right. What did you buy since? You must have bought something good, dude. It's two years at what? 2.775? This is the one you signed this summer?
All right.
What did you buy since?
You must have bought something good, dude.
I bought a house in Vegas.
That'll do.
A new hot tub waterbed.
A couple pairs of shoes.
I'm not a big spender.
I know that my career is winding down soon.
I'm 31 years old. I've got to try and buy another five years out of this but uh i'm not stupid i know that if i start spending it now i'm
not gonna have it later revo you you've gotten some pretty good contracts you had a four-year
deal in st louis correct yeah i had a four-year yeah yeah and then now you get another two-year
all those over a million i'm pretty sure so fuck So, fuck, you're racking it up.
You could live like a god in Winnipeg for that.
I mean, Winnipeg doesn't like me too much.
I don't know if I could ever live like a god here.
I can only imagine.
You'd build a house as big as LeBron James did in Cleveland with that kind of money in Winnipeg, right?
No, no, no.
Winnipeg's not cheap, man.
I know you think that that but it's not cheap
to buy houses here all right they're not well money they're not fanned because you knocked
them out of the playoffs is that why revo uh you and uh you and tom wilson were going at it quite
a bit in the final there like obviously does it suck having to be the guy who's like always like
going after guys we're like really off the ice, your fucking beauty?
No, because I think I play it pretty well. I mean, I don't know.
The Tom Wilson thing is a Tom Wilson thing.
We're going to have our beef probably for the rest of our careers,
and I don't think it's ever going to get settled again,
but I don't mind the role I play.
I think that's kind of the role that I've grown into.
And, you know, I'm not going to score 20.
I'm probably not even going to score 15.
10, I'm really trying to get there before the end of my career.
But, no, I mean, that's what's got to keep me in the league.
And, you know, if I start playing like a pussy,
I'm going to be out of the league before the contract ends.
Well, I just meant, like, you know you gotta fuck like the kind of like i did i had
a slew foot you to get a fight where i'm like oh this guy probably thinks i'm a fucking asshole
but like i'd love to go have beers with him yeah red hot ipa i get that you know i get i try i try
to be a good guy off that you know that this though like most Most of the guys that play our role are usually beauties off the ice.
I try to be that guy.
Yeah.
Well, no, that's a good point.
All right.
What else you got for him?
He's got a big brain buster coming.
No, it's just kind of a standard question I ask all the tough guys we have on.
Who's the toughest scrap you've had in your NHL career, Ryan?
You already said it, Bissonette.
He's like, that thing was a fucking featherweight.
My toughest fight, I mean, it's got to be Brian McGratton.
That one didn't feel good.
That's for sure.
But fuck, I cut him open.
I think I conked him.
He didn't play for a couple games after that.
I cut him open real good over his eye, but fuck.
I remember it was the Super Bowl the next day,
and I was sitting in my chair, and I could not.
I had to move my whole body to look right and left.
I had four golf balls on my forehead.
I took pregame skate the next day.
We were playing in Ottawa, and I had no business being on the ice.
I couldn't.
Not that my vision was ever that good, but my vision was fucking, it was messed up.
Hey, I got one.
Revo, you're in Pittsburgh.
You know, like, were you surprised to get traded?
Was that, did you and Sullivan get along,
or was this kind of, like, out of nowhere?
I didn't even, I didn't see that going down,
and then I saw Vegas get you.
I'm like, what a perfect find for them,
but I didn't expect you to get traded, did you?
I would say yes and no.
More so no, I i mean they traded for me
because they're getting pushed around in the playoffs all around and uh all the time and
i mean that's you know every everything you read and you hear right when i got traded was you know
we're getting laid out in playoffs guys are going after sid guys are going after gino uh
fell all these guys we need somebody to kind of calm them down.
And then they fucking traded me right before playoffs,
and then they got pushed around again.
I don't know what the fuck happened.
But, I mean, a little bit only because once I heard Vegas was getting involved,
I got a really good relationship with Kelly McCrimmon down there as assistant GM.
I remember I saw a tweet that there was a trade on the table.
It got rejected by the league and then I heard, the trade
is back on the table. Looks like Vegas
is getting involved. And I remember I got
scratched that night and
right when I saw that, I was like, I'm getting traded to Vegas
100. And then 10 minutes later
Rutherford
came in and said, you just got traded to Vegas.
Wow.
What's it like being traded? I've never been
dealt. Yeah, that's your
first time getting traded, right?
Man, I was in the same organization
for seven years and then I was with
two organizations in six months.
Fucking suitcase. I chirp
everybody for being a suitcase. Now look at
me, living out of a fucking bag.
At least now you can buy sick Louis Duffel bags, though.
That's true.
I've got to get a new bag.
I got, like, three wheels on mine right now.
I'll go sideways every time I try to walk.
Such an Alaska Aces bag right now?
I think it's straight from Walmart, to be honest.
Ryan, the fighting's, you know, obviously been decreasing in the last several years.
It seems like it's almost a matter of time before it might be less than one every few games.
What's your take on that?
Does it bum you out that it's going away?
Is it just kind of a natural progress of the game?
What's your stance on that?
I think it bums me out a little bit that my career is winding down at this time
because I think it's going to come back real hot in four or five years.
It's just going to take somebody like a player like me
to go lay out Connor McDavid and end his season
or just any one of these superstars.
A couple of those guys start going down,
guys that you can't have afford missing this season
just from a marketing standpoint,
from a superstar in your league standpoint,
they're going to have to start getting more guys back.
And I wish I was younger for it to come back.
And so, you know, there's more demand for it.
But I think fighting is going to come back one way or the other.
Really?
I don't think the league can afford it.
Yeah, I do.
I really do.
Well, Revo, the reason I say no is just because you touched on it,
the millennials and how soft society is now.
Now, I'm in a state where I can deal with it
to where maybe it is now or even a little softer
and between the way it was.
For the simple fact that, I mean,
we're more aware of what these headshots do
in the long term
and the long-term effects.
And I could go on about that, but I don't need to.
But also, like, our game is special.
Yeah, well, that's a story for another day.
But I still like the fact that hockey still polices itself,
and it's probably the only sport that does that,
where it keeps guys
a little bit more accountable like when i'll tell you this if if i'm playing against a team that
doesn't have a you in the lineup fuck man i'm buzzing around out there i'm taking liberties
on guys i don't give a shit you know why because i'll answer the bell if i have to but when i'm
playing against a team with a guy like you you're now my focus and and i ultimately what they're
trying to do is they're trying to just get away from it out flat.
But the problem is when they have a guy like you,
and then now you can play a little bit and you're worth it to a team to keep you on board,
you're not going nowhere.
Well, let's take guys like me and you out of the equation.
If you have Luchich goes and lays out Crosby,
Luchich is top of shit. Nobody's going
to go beat up Luchich. If you got
him doing that, well,
who's going to protect Crosby? Who's going to protect
the guy he's going to go lay out?
With players like us, out of the league,
and the game's so fast,
the only way that you can really
take that out is you can't make it a
contact sport anymore. But if't make it a contact sport anymore
but if you make it a non-contact sport then hockey yeah you have ice that you have ice dancing and
nobody's gonna go watch that do you like the do you like the fact that most nights when you skate
out there you're no one's even gonna fucking say a word to you that's gonna be that's gonna feel
nice but then like the other part of it is hopefully you don't become extinct it is nice
that you know that i'm at least i'm still in the lineup and i can still do that you know i think
sometimes some players like us you know if there's not a guy on the other side you're not going to
be in the lineup and i've gone through that for sure so um you know at least having a little bit
of reputation to be able to play a little bit
and still play against teams that are fast
and maybe don't have that kind of guy is nice.
But at the same time,
it's also nice to get into a couple once in a while.
They're tough to buy.
Like, I had six in the first, like, three or four months.
And, fuck, there were, I mean, one was at Watson,
one was at Watson,
one was McLeod.
I fought that Sedlak from
Columbus.
You know what I'm
talking about?
Yeah,
you fought him
this year?
Yeah,
he jumped me.
Oh,
fuck.
Pray for that guy.
That guy's gonna
get it this year.
Let's make a
tombstone now.
And so, you know, the fuck thing is now every time somebody like that comes up to me,
I drop my gloves and I look at him and I was like,
do I not fucking know something about you or do you not know who I am?
I just don't understand what's going on here because it happened in Washington too.
Something, I think O'Brien may have.
Oh, yeah, the redhead. He's tough. He's up and comer in the A. I O'Brien, I think O'Brien may be right. Oh yeah,
the redhead.
He's tough.
He's up and comer in the A.
I don't think he's...
Yeah,
but you're like,
dude,
I'm Revo.
Like,
are you fucking soft?
He chased me down the ice.
Like,
I laid him out.
He chased me all the way down the ice
and he's screaming at me.
And yeah,
you can see in the video,
I literally,
I take one glove off
because I thought he was joking.
And then he shed his shit and I took the other glove off, and then I threw my stick.
And I'm literally just looking at this guy.
I was like, all right, what's going on here?
Who the fuck are you?
And then I grabbed his hand.
You know that move I always do.
I grabbed the guy's hand now.
And I saw the fucking fear go through his eyes.
And I was like, oh, never mind.
You just don't know who the fuck I am.
I'm going to beat the shit out of him.
Just seeing the fear in guys' eyes, you're guys eyes you're like okay this is all set no just that uh like that that move i do it's just i don't know if a lot of guys have ever
done it so when it happens to guys it they don't know what to do i remember i fought that car solo
one time and we come as a penalty box, and he looked over.
He's like, hey, what the fuck was that?
Like, what do you mean?
He's like, why'd you grab my hand?
I'm like, I don't know.
I just instinct.
He goes, I had no fucking idea what to do.
I didn't know what to do.
I was in full panic.
So right after he told me, I kept doing it.
Just taking some notes down here.
I'm giving away my fucking secrets.
I'm going to get so lefty now this summer, don't worry.
Ryan, you win number 75. It's not the very common number in the league
is there a special significance behind that number
and the reason you wear it
yeah the blues gave it to me
that was his training
camp number when he fell asleep on his water bed
that's when you know you're going to the coast
number 75
they put 75 on my coffin after I got caught in that waterbed.
So it was my resurrection number.
Well, Revo, we're going to wrap this up.
And I just wanted to finish with I thought that that goal you scored in the Stanley Cup final shouldn't have been allowed.
It was clearly interference with a push off.
No, listen to me.
So fuck you and that's payback For beating me up
Podcast is over
Thanks for coming
No no no don't give me that shit
The guy's not even moving
I tap him from the back
He falls like I just killed the whole fucking city
He lays there for 10 seconds
Then he gets up and the puck's in the back
Like get up
Well you're cheating So whatever You buried it though too 10 seconds, and then he gets up, and the puck's in the back of the net. Like, get up. You're in the sand. Go far. Get up.
Well, you're cheating.
So, whatever.
You buried it, though, too.
That was a sneak.
Yeah, bar down.
Just my opinion.
Just my opinion.
Everyone has one.
You learned that push-off bar down when you were pushing coaches in the coast.
This guy bench-pressed his fucking 400 pounds.
So, that tap, a cross-tech tap to him is...
Hitting the bench press all summer, that's where it comes in.
That's the very end of the season when I need it the most.
Oh, last little quick story.
The training camp I came in with you guys in St. Louis,
when Hitchcock left me the voicemail while I was flying there,
like he called while I was in the air,
and basically he was like, yeah like the guys have been skating here and they they aren't really crazy about the whole
testing and training camp so all we're doing is uh bench press and pull-ups and i'm like like i
thought i thought somebody from the team was maybe calling me and making a joke and like imitating
hitchcock's voice so when i called him when i landed and i was like you you were kidding about
that the like the fitness testing he's like
no just bench press and pull ups
was that not the best fucking training camp
it was the best training camp
of all time we were the jesters don't you think
me and Biz brought a lot to that
you brought a lot to the table
I'm not going to lie we just wanted
you guys even if you didn't make the team we were saying
let's just keep these guys around just for the fun
I know we were going to help out the training
staff and stuff. I was putting poison
in Revo's fucking Gatorade, because
if he went down, I might have fucking got signed.
But, I mean, maybe I didn't
make it potent enough.
I don't know what your chances
were, you know? Revo, dude, thank
you so much for coming on. We're glad you
cleared up that story. uh i'll actually i can just picture bryce salvador no fucking sleeping in the locker
room so that's something you'll never forget but i appreciate you coming on dude my heart races
every time it happens all right man peace out thanks a lot ryan and that interview is also
brought to you by mugsy jeans if you're a hockey guy or an athlete, you've struggled to find clothes that fit you well before.
Let's face it, most men's clothes aren't designed for guys with bigger thighs or a bigger ass,
especially when it comes to jeans.
I know I hate putting my jeans on.
There's nothing worse than when your jeans feel like they're choking out your balls and legs.
It's a constant battle.
Well, I have good news for you guys.
Mugsy Jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us. Mugsy makes their jeans from high-tech denim that's super soft, breathable,
and flexible. And when I say flexible, these jeans stretch. I mean, you could wear these
things playing extreme sports and forget you're wearing jeans. They basically make these things
like sitting or squatting feel like a dream. Take my word for it, you won't be able to go
back to normal jeans after wearing
these because best of all, Mugsy jeans look good. They come in tailored fit that's not too baggy,
not too tight, but just right. So you look even better than you feel. The guys at Mugsy jeans are
so confident and you'll love them. They offer free, no hassle returns and exchanges so you have
nothing to lose by giving them a try. There's a reason Men's Health called Mugsy Jeans the best jeans for athletes. You can get the most comfortable men's jeans ever made
by heading over to MugsyJeans.com, code SPIT, to get 10 off. That's 10 off by using the code
SPIT. Do your legs a favor and head to MugsyJeans.com. That's M-U-G-S-Y-J-E-A-N-S.com
to snag a pair of the most comfortable jeans ever.
What an amazing interview with Ryan Reeves.
He promised he's going to be a reoccurring guest,
so we're going to hold him to that.
Man, that Tortorella story was hilarious,
the fact that he called him.
So thank you again, Ryan Reeves, for the laughs.
R.A., we got a little special something back in the lineup here.
Let us know what's going on.
Yeah, boys.
We dropped the T-shirts last week, the new and improved
All Right Hamilton T-shirts.
We got some good response on it.
It's a listen to questions segment.
I'm going to change it up a little this
year like i said we were doing each week with a separate topic um so i'm pulling up the questions
right now what was the topic this time all right this week's topic was uh summer vacation basically
anything related to what we did in the summer anything summer related so you've listened to
this podcast you know what i did this summer. Yeah, golf, golf, golf.
But it's not just about what we did.
It's just, like I said.
Crank, crank, crank.
Relating to the summer.
So we're going to fire off the first one.
It comes from Jack Pfeiffer.
And he wants to know, where's a typical vacation spot that you're completely
not interested in ever going to or would never go to?
Oh, that's a great question. Wow, great
question. I love that.
So let's... Great question.
Let's go to the wit dog first, see what
he has to say.
Again, it could be somewhere you've gone and
won't go again or somewhere you have no fucking
desire to ever go to.
If you think I'm
ever going to the Far East,
you're crazy. I'm telling you that right now maybe if like
in 30 years I'm somehow like pray to god single and a loser I go to Thailand to find like some
really ridiculous stuff other than that I'm never sniffing the far east you know the team who used
to send the great teams for the league world series far east I'm not goinging the Far East. You know the team who used to send the great teams for the Little League World Series Far East?
I'm not going there.
I want nothing to do.
I like sushi.
That's it.
And the sushi in the United States is perfect enough for me.
Don't even sniff me near Asianville.
Is it just because the culture doesn't interest you?
I got nothing to do with it.
I want nothing to do with anything over there.
There's no golf courses.
You're trying to tell me I'm going to go to Japan?
My brother went to Japan on his
honeymoon. He hiked one of
the mountains there. I think Japan's
a little different than going to China. I think it's a lot
cleanlier. It's all the same to me.
Is that a word, guys? Cleanlier? Is that good?
Cleaner. It's a real
detriment to your health. It's saying something
clean. Fuck me.
Cleanliness is next to godliness.
Edit that out, Grinnelly.
All right, so, Biz, what's your answer?
Everybody gives an answer.
No, Ari, I want you to go.
I want you to go.
I'm still thinking a little bit because I want to be...
Part of mine was going to be probably that.
What are the places to go?
I don't know if there's any place I really wouldn't want to go.
I don't know. I got a curious nature. Come on. Somebody was going to send me... You've gone a lot of places to go? I don't know if there's any place I really wouldn't want to go. I don't know. I got a curious
nature. Come on.
You've been to a lot of places, dude.
Do you even have a fucking passport on?
I only go to Daytona Beach.
That is such an all right place.
Cancun's out of the country.
Daytona Beach,
parts of Mexico, and then
I'll go wherever the Bruins are traveling.
All right. Do you have a passport?
Of course I have a passport. It's got some
notches in it. I've only been to Europe once.
I went to Ireland. That's actually
the opposite of the question. That's a place I'm dying to go
back to. Ireland's an awesome spot.
Ireland's an awesome spot.
Oh, it's so fucking nice. But one place...
Where would you not go, Brian?
Where would I not go?
Actually, I'm going to take the other part of the question,
the part somewhere you've gone and probably won't go back to again.
I won't go back to when I stayed Walt Disney World.
Like I went to a wedding a few years ago.
My cousin got married there and me and my wife, you know, did Disney while we were there.
And it's like, okay, I never have to come back here again.
Like, you know,ups? Not that time.
Too much whiskey tangle there.
It's like, all right, man.
I've done Disney enough.
I'm all set with it.
What about you, Grinnelly?
Well, yeah.
What about you, G?
Yeah, I'd probably say Disney World as well.
I hate kids.
I absolutely despise them.
Do you ever have kids?
I don't know.
I guess you have to get laid first.
You know what, boys?
What's
Mardi Gras? Where's that at?
Oh, that brings shocks to New Orleans.
New Orleans. You know what?
It seems like a little
greasy, like a lot of boozing,
a lot of sloppiness.
I would never want to go to Mardi Gras.
I should name where I would go because there's  I think it's like 95 of the world I wouldn't actually.
Disney World, Disney World, there better be a VIP there
for when I have to bring my kids there
because I'm not sitting in the lines at the pigeons.
I'll tell you that for free.
Unless I could pay someone to hold an umbrella over me as I'm in line
they do have the fast pass
they started installing
I'll say this
you can attest
I'm going to spin it into a positive
I want to go back to Australia
and really actually visit around
it's a fucking awesome place
really cool people
Australia is unbelievable
it's one of the most beautiful places on earth.
That's coming from a guy who couldn't seal a deal there.
He couldn't fucking get his dick wet the entire trip
and he's staying to go there.
You know when they do the
advertisements for travel channel
or whatever?
I didn't even get my dick wet
and I go back.
So Biz,
you got an answer or no before we move on?
No, I was just spinning it positive.
You're going to get attacked for that.
Somebody's going to spin that to be like, oh, you're racist.
Too bad my wife's got some Asian in her.
And we're going to have Irish in her too.
So I said something during the Revo interview that I guarantee people
will try to use, but my mom's half black, so I'm not racist because I am part black.
You are black, though.
Yeah, I got a huge wrench.
You don't work out and you're jacked, and you wrench.
It's pretty decent.
I got the big nose and the bad credit, not the fucking dick.
Wrench talk.
Any other questions?
I think we should move this along.
One more? We got one more?
Yeah, we got at least one more here.
The hell is it?
I wrote the guy's name. We're crushing a long
podcast, fellas. Oh, yeah. We definitely
are. I think two a week.
I don't know. Listeners, we've talked about
this. I think an hour and a half
is perfect for two people. I know, but it's just going
over the divisions, guys.
You're right.
These are the little stuff. This one comes from
Chuck at Chuck Nucks.
He asked, and this one's
getting more to you two guys.
Do teammates get pissed at guys who come back
from summer holidays out of shape and not ready
to go like the
Dodgson situation in Tampa?
Or are they given the benefit of the doubt they'll get it together
or do teammates not give a shit?
All right, Hamilton.
I wouldn't have one friend I played with if that was the case.
They're like, Jesus Christ, win again?
At least fake it with a tan.
I think that nowadays it happens so rarely that it's just
the question doesn't even make much sense just because it
I guess it just happened with Dodgson.
But if you have some stud who comes in out of shape, I mean,
and he's better than you as a player, you can't really say much, right?
I mean, if a guy comes in out of shape and he's not a stallion top player
on the team, he's probably fucked anyway.
So, you know what I'm saying?
It kind of doesn't even matter.
A good enough player is going to have time to get in shape,
probably catch a little heat from the coach and the GM.
A bad enough player is not going to make the team.
Yeah, and you're not paying him. What the fuck
do you care? Biz, what do you want to take?
Yeah, I don't give
a shit. If anything, it's going to help me
get in the lineup. Yeah, Biz is going to make the team
now. I'm like fucking putting
date raping guys fucking water bottles and shit just so I can get a sniff of the lineup. Yeah, Biz is going to make the team now. I'm like fucking putting date raping guys
fucking water bottles and shit just so I can
get a sniff of the lineup.
Are you in trouble for saying that? No.
He meant GHB. I'll translate
for you. He meant GHB. Yeah, he's not actually
in the lineup. You ever tried G?
Alright. No.
I haven't done too many club drugs.
This is a real quick one, and this is from
CJ. I'll try Sezchik.
It's best summertime food.
Wits.
All right, Hamilton.
That was one of the best questions.
Lobster roll grilled bun with butter.
If you give me a lobster roll cold with mayonnaise, you're a scumbag.
Boom.
Whoa, is this a Boston thing?
Definitely.
Yeah, lobster roll shouldn't even have fucking mayo on it.
Yeah, we have one quick one.
I figured it was a nice food question.
Grinnelli's got a mayo truck in New York City lately, though,
don't you, Grinnelli?
Beep, beep.
What's your best summertime food?
I'd say the best summertime food is when I'm in Vancouver.
I go to an Italian place there called Giardino's,
and it's world-class. The service and everything.
I would just say any pasta dish from there
with enjoying a nice dinner with my friends.
What doesn't scream
summer like a heavy pasta dish?
No, this is like high-end shit.
No, but we mean like food that you only have
in the summer. Like food you eat
specifically in the summer, not like
Italian food. I don't know. I'm not a big
foodie. I don't know. I just fucking like a big, I'm not a big foodie. I don't know.
I just fucking go.
It's like maybe it's yours. All right.
I'm a, I'm a, you are, I'm a huge lobster roll guy.
I'm usually good for a dozen or so over the summer and yeah,
but a butted hot dog roll, no mayo, maybe,
maybe a little celery if you do have to use mayo, but a lobster rolls,
my go-to what's Grinnelli got.
Yeah. I mean, I'd say without a doubt a lobster roll,
but I got to go with pierogies.
I got to go with my new favorite food, pierogies.
Pierogies.
We're not in the middle of a snowstorm.
Pierogies.
Right.
That's what Biz made me eat in Vancouver.
Because he never heard of them. That was the best moment
of my summer.
Imagine thinking you're getting
a new worldly food by eating pierogies.
I'm actually having
a moment right now
where doing this podcast
is so fun. You three are the biggest
idiots I've ever met.
You and Albert Einstein.
Me and you are talking about lobster rolls.
Why would you need
a bun to eat lobster?
You need to save money for Final Jeopardy.
What about fried clams? Big fried clams.
Oh, yeah. Okay.
You know what?
I'm going to retract my answer.
A nice big bowl of mussels.
Neat eye mussels.
God, yeah.
All right, Hamilton was brought. Yeah. Little muscles.
And all right.
Hamilton was brought to you by Robin hood.
Robin hood is an investing app that lets you buy and sell stocks,
ETFs,
options,
cryptos,
all commission free.
They strive to make financial services work for everyone,
not just the wealthy.
It's a non intimidating way for stock market newcomers to invest for the
first time with true confidence.
Robinhood is giving listeners a free stock like Apple, Ford, or Sprint to help your portfolio.
Sign up at chicklets.robinhood.com.
That's chicklets.robinhood.com.
I'll muscle you.
Hey, guys, quickly before we go,
you know I got a little cocky about the Elias Pedersen comment
with all the highlights from training camp, and then Kovalchuk did that goddamn rush
after saying he's going to stink.
Oh, no.
It was a quick slap in the face to remind you that you're wet and you can't make a call.
So heads up for Kovalchuk getting 50.
That's great.
All right, boys.
All right, boys.
I love you guys.
Sunday night, go Pats. Yo. Biz, Biz, your show tonight. Good luck, all right? Yeah, thanks, boys. All right, boys. I love you guys. Sunday night, go Pats.
Biz, your show tonight.
Good luck, all right?
Yeah, thanks, boys.
I'm a little nervous, but we'll dial it in.
Got to get the reps in.
Wednesday night, fellas.
I'll see you on the internet.
See you.
Take care, all.
