Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Thursday Boots.
And before I get into this wonderful ad read, I'm going to ask you all a question.
Do you prefer clunky work boots or delicate fashion boots?
Work boots are delicate fashion boots.
Cheap boots that fall apart after a few wears are shelling out 400 or more for a pair of boots to get you through the winter months.
Well, here's something you might not know. There is another option.
Thursday Boot Company, a three-year-old bootstrap, you get it, bootstrap startup that has been shaking up the industry by making really ridiculously high
quality boots that they sell direct to consumers at unbeatable prices. The brand started in 2014
and the name Thursday came about because on Thursday you work hard, but it's also the
unofficial start to the weekend. I've had some thirsty Thursdays with Ryan Malone. Thank you
very much. Thursday boots are made with that versatility in mind,
durable enough to take a serious beating and sophisticated enough to clean up for a date.
Thursday boots are built for people who understand quality and want a good looking
pair of boots that will last a few seasons, not just one winter. Enough of that. Made in the same
North American manufacturing facilities as the heritage brands your parents and grandparents
wore that sell for
two or three times the price. Why are you spending that much? Thursday boots are not only a better
value, but they use better materials too. Like the famous Chromo XL leather from the Horween
Tannery in Chicago. Did you hear me? That's not, I didn't misspeak it's the chrome xl leather from the horween tannery in
chicago with prices starting at 149 and free shipping and returns thursday boots are the
best buy this winter and with their clean timeless design and durability thursday boots will keep you
standing confident for years to come while they don't do sales or discounts, head on over to thursdayboots.com
and use the code FREESHIPTODAY to have a pair on your doorstep by this Thursday.
FREESHIPTODAY, the two is the number two. Thank you, and let's enjoy this episode of Spittin' Chickens. hello everybody welcome to episode 111 of spitting chicklets brought to you by
barstool sports uh let's say hello to the gentleman this evening we'll go to the wine
sipping ryan whitney first what is up buddy how are you fellas what's
going on there we go uh producer mikey granelli down in big apple hello gentlemen and uh boy
is he back in the dirty desert biz nasty where are you these days i am boys i had that live show
it was awesome thank you to everyone who showed up. And, boys, I think that we need a Canadian tour.
The people are craving it.
So we got to dial one in.
Fucking let's do it.
Before, we always do it late, but remember,
in this time we have Brandon Bollig,
nice long interview with him coming in a little bit.
And very shortly we're going to have Patrick Division Preview,
a.k.a. the Metropolitan Division.
Just a couple of quick stories to get everybody up to speed.
A long time Canadian devil,
Brian Gionta officially retired.
He finished out the student with the Bruins last year on the playoffs.
So he's officially done.
Shea Theodore signed with Vegas golden Knights,
seven year,
36.4 million for a 5.2 average annual value.
I'm rich!
I'm rich.
And Zach Smith was waved up in Ottawa, caused some ripples up there.
Steve slash Matt Duchesne called it, quote, a kick in the balls,
which was a pretty interesting quote.
So what do you got, Biz?
Any input on those stories?
Man, you know what?
Let's dive into the Theodore one first.
Man, I think where this kid is headed, I think that's a fucking bargain.
If I'm him, I would be the one to take the long contract just for stability
because I don't want to roll the dice.
If you do that, I'm shocked to hear you. Yo, fuck yo fuck off we're gonna get into the cheap shit already on that comment you well
i know you just i mean you want you want to lock it up when you don't want to risk anything on
yourself you want to lock it up okay but here's the thing is i still think that that was too low
for that guy for seven years if that guy gets like, I would say like 10 better.
You have a,
like he's a 6 million defense,
but I think you could meet at maybe five and a half.
I think that,
that Las Vegas wins this one.
If he excels as his play,
even this much.
And what I'm doing is a sign of a little,
because people are listening and not seeing.
I, I, I agree with you i think that um even though it's busting your balls he get he gets you know 35 million dollars whatever it was um and the team
also gets a friendly deal where i think they're both happy or maybe a little both dissatisfied
is that what everyone says the the sign of a good negotiation is when both sides are
left a little dissatisfied yeah i would say that's a fair assessment right i mean i think he probably
knows he could have got a little more money and i think they probably think it's maybe a long term
but who knows i i i think that the way he was headed like you said he could be a seven eight
million dollar guy a year if he continues to go like he has been and improve because he can skate.
He can skate like I used to in a couple dreams I had.
Now, he was
He was one of these guys, too, that Anaheim said,
hey, Vegas, you take him, we'll trade you him
just so you leave the rest of our players alone, correct?
He was one of those guys, right, Wits?
Yeah, but Anaheim
Anaheim had Montour
and Manson?
They had Montour,
Manson, Lindholm,
and Fowler. They kind
of had an embarrassment of riches.
Holy shit!
Your poet didn't know it.
Did you take an Adderall?
Did you get the Dave Stash?
I played golf today, too.
Okay. Did you take an Adderall? Did you get the Dave Stash? I played golf today, too. Oh, okay.
So, you know what?
Good deal for both sides.
Good player, Vegas.
They're going to be right there this year.
I pegged them last year.
I think this year is going to be over.
How about Reeves coming at me, by the way?
Oh, I love that.
Oh, come at you?
Yeah, I know he came at you bad.
He bodied me twice on social media in one day.
He said he used my face as a punching bag.
Jesus.
Oh, the other thing.
I'm sorry.
Not to change subjects quick.
Zach Smith gets put on waivers by Ottawa.
We got to let R.A. chime in on the deal a little more, no?
I'm sorry.
My brain was all over the place.
No, it's over.
But the shit did. I thought he already did. deal a little more no i'm sorry i'm sorry my brain was all over the place no it's over but the shade
did well yeah i mean i basically already did uh i mean yeah it seemed like like i said a fair deal
both sides and he can't see he got overpaid i think that's about what people expected um yeah
i mean i don't really have anything fucking hot take on it my i guess my last thing is i get that
there's no state tax in las vegas so that probably factors into the lower number.
I still think with that he's at 5.5 minimum for seven years.
That guy, that's going to be a Burroughs deal where after two years he's going to be like, fuck,
or like a Wayne Simmons deal.
Yeah, but Burroughs isn't a good analogy because it was like,
I'm with the twins, dude.
I kind of have to take what they give me.
I know, but if you get 30 and you sign a four-year deal at two a year,
I think he had back-to-back 30-goal seasons.
Like, I know he didn't pan out like the way he was when he was kicking
with the Sedins, but fuck, dude.
He would have made probably at least four a year, minimum.
Yeah, I mean.
Timing is everything. The old bird in the hand worth two
in the bush you know some guys would rather have the guaranteed dough and you know know you're
gonna have it then risk an injury or some of that other shit so so i'll go with you were gonna say
something with adam smith before we get to the adam who the fuck is adam smith is that's boston
that's smitty from bostle, Philly, my buddy Tom. Holy shit.
Adam O'Rean?
Maroon 5?
No, Zach Smith, just a motherfucker to play against.
God damn it.
That kid was a bowling ball.
He had some skill, too.
And I just couldn't believe Duchene's comments.
To say it was a kick in the balls is like basically saying, I mean,
that's hockey player term of saying to a GM, what are you doing?
It was just, you know, you never see that.
Players get waived.
Players get traded.
And it's all, you know, we wish him the best.
He was great in the room, blah, blah, blah.
You know, team decision.
We're not part of that as players.
No, this guy came out and said it was a kick in the balls. Almost like
the final kick in the balls. Just put him
down. Just old Yeller. Is that old
Yeller? Is that the dog you just shoot at the end?
Spoiler alert.
My messing up movies.
That was old Yeller.
Just
I mean, put him down. Auto
is done. I tell you, I didn't bring it up.
41 games. I'm betting I'm getting some first half of the season.
I'm going to make some money.
The only issue I have with this, I know he didn't have a great year last year,
but you've traded away basically all your superstars.
You have Duchesne.
I realize that.
But you have nothing to lose going into this season.
They're probably going to finish in the worst five teams.
Like, is that pretty much a guarantee?
Well, guess what?
They're given the avalanche.
They're probably what's going to be their first overall pick.
Well, then you're still trying to get a low pick in the second round.
What risk do you have keeping this guy on your team the first,
let's say, month of your season?
Okay, he takes a huge shit, put him on the top two lines.
He goes minus 10, minus 20 little points.
Now he's devalued to what you've put him at right now.
You've put him on waivers in training camp.
You didn't even let him stick around to the end of fucking training camp.
So right now to every other organization, they're thinking,
holy shit, this guy must have came out of shape.
He must have no confidence.
He must have just had a lucky year when he signed that big ticket.
He had 16 and 16.
That's a pretty solid year.
I mean, that's worth the amount of money that he's getting paid right now.
Give him another opportunity.
Let him maybe even build his value up where people are like,
oh, okay, Stella got his groove back here.
And then all of a sudden you could trade him for, yeah,
oh, you like the movie reference, don't you there, R.A.?
But now all of a sudden, you might get a fourth rounder for him
or even have someone to take him off your hands
because ultimately that's probably what they're doing at this point.
It's a gong show.
It's a gong show up there.
I mean, come on.
Like, use your fucking brain, man.
I'm just some dummy on the sidelines.
100 right.
And it was also a guy who's pretty obvious, one of the locker room leaders.
I mean, he's an older guy.
He's been there a long time.
He's tough as shit.
Like every single guy looks to him thinking he's done it the right way.
So crazy land, crazy times in your nation's capital.
Yeah.
And R.A., before you go there, he had actually 25 goals a year before that year at
16 and uh 16 16 so sorry about that that's right sorry sorry zach gonna jump on what
witt said about you know duchesne's comments it wasn't just him too it was a few other guys and
and they were they were pretty forceful comments for a guy getting waved you usually get the
cursory standard bullshit about you know working hard and hopefully he'll be back up but But, no, they had some, like, kind of forceful statements from multiple players,
which, again, is just indicative of the disarray going on
in your nation's capital biz right now.
So that wraps up local news.
News for the week in the NHL.
I think it's time to go to the Metropolitan slash Patrick Division, boys.
What do you say?
Absolutely.
What a great segue there, all right?
Beautifully said, my friend.
Beautifully segued, you fuck.
Well, because I suck at reading ads,
I'm going to make this more of an organic ad read.
Lug Hockey is back to sponsor the pod.
They want to let you know they're ready for their biggest season yet,
and registration is still going on.
This is for, I wouldn't exactly call it intramural hockey,
but it's a very good men's hockey league for college students.
It's in 11 major cities in Canada.
It's Lughockey, L-U-G-H-O-C-K-E-Y.com.
And, boys, we're going to end up sending the link in a swipe up on our Instagram.
And this league is continuing to grow.
Grinnelli, it's the league I was talking about when I went and visited them
and they had a Coyotes prospect playing in the summer league.
Now, of course, everybody's back in school.
So you can sign up in the cities that you are in now.
And that's pretty much all I have to say about it.
So it's going to be their biggest season yet.
And now they're going to be in 12 cities because I pumped them a couple months ago,
and now they've expanded.
So you're welcome, Lug Hockey, and you're welcome, hockey fans,
who want to join the best men's hockey league out there.
Well, boys, today is going to be the last division.
That's obvious.
Number four here, and fuck that.
It's opening week for
the nhl kicking off monday grinelli should we uh tease him with who we got coming on or what
i think we should we'll fucking let him know baby tease the tease the shit out of him grinelli you
italian tickle him stallion we got number 34 the smooth satan american beauty austin matthews baby Smooth-skating, American beauty, Austin Matthews, baby. Oh, I feel from Toronto.
Oh, Austin Matthews.
Should we let him know who we got coming Thursday, too?
Should we be patented?
Let's let R.A. tell him who we got coming Thursday.
Okay.
With pleasure, we'd like to announce we're bringing on former Bruin,
former St. Louis Blue, and Hockey Hall of Famer
Adam Oates.
What a power opening week for the
back-to-back bust, dude.
That was my...
When she keeps sucking me.
Okay, sorry.
When you're not, she keeps sucking.
Oh, that's how you say it. Sorry, my bad.
That was my Adam Oates face.
I did that meme in the Canadian version.
Oates is funny.
You guys are going to love him.
Where are you after?
Yeah, Oates was
He was in this division.
He was interesting.
He was like talking to a professor.
He was kind of quizzing us a little bit.
I thought it was pretty cool.
I hate being quizzed.
Uh-oh.
All right, well, we'll keep that in mind.
Well, boys, we're going to kick it off with the Carolina Hurricanes.
Not a great year last year.
Some surprising moves in the offseason.
But, you know, I've talked to some people that are pretty optimistic
about this team.
They like their youth and where they're headed.
Of course, led by Justin Williams now who got the C.
I mean, I don't think there's any doubt that he was going to get it.
And, I mean, why don't you kick us off with the forwards, R.A.?
Why don't you break them down?
Actually, Grinnelli was going to give us a little up-to-date on the plus and minus,
who they lost and who they added.
Grinnelli, try that.
So, they lost Noah Hannafin, Elias Lindholm, Jeff Skinner,
and longtime goalie Cam Ward.
And they brought in Adam Fox and Dougie Hamilton.
And then second overall pick, Andrei Svechenkov.
Ooh.
Svechnikov.
Svechnikov.
Okay, so we can let everyone know Grinnelli isn't a great name guy,
but we're going to work with him, listeners.
Is anyone on this fucking podcast?
Don't you be giving him a hard time.
We got Bizin and Grininelli trying to figure out names.
We're going to help them, though.
I think I got it with the names.
R.A. chimed in.
So from now on, R.A., you're going to be our name expert.
We're going to go to you.
Okay.
Sounds good to me.
Fucking right, R.A.
Carolina, their last playoffs was 2009.
They lost in the Eastern Conference Finals that year.
They've had a major overhaul.
They brought new ownership in, and he in turn brought a new coach in. We got Rod the Bod coachingals that year. They've had a major overhaul. They brought new ownership in, and he, in turn, brought a new coach in.
We got Rod the Bod coaching them this year.
Hot Rod Brindamore.
It's going to be interesting.
He's never coached at this level before.
He was a hell of a player.
He's got an unreal physique.
It's going to be interesting to see what he does.
But, yeah, a huge overhaul.
They sent Scanner, traded him the Buffalo, brought back L.A.
You're a fucking idiot, buddy.
Who is that?
That's from the Simpsons, man.
Oh, that's your show.
That's your show.
I knew that one.
Super Nintendo Chalmers, what he calls Skinner.
So, yeah, they obviously got rid of Skinner.
Cam Ward signed with Chicago.
You know, the big Hannafin Lindholm trade brought back
Dougie Hamilton, Furlan, the prospect Fox.
Scotty Dillon, he needs to be better.
We talked to him about it the other day.
That interview is going to be dropping soon.
He had a tough year last year.
This is an interesting year for Carolina, man.
It's kind of like when you take  remember that game, Boggley,
you just jumbled it up and see what words kind of land.
Right now they kind of jumbled up that whole franchise,
and it's going to be interesting to see how things land for them.
Yeah, it's before last year.
You boggled your brains with that reference.
Oh, by the way, R.A., fucking, that was beautiful.
That was poetic.
You were singing there.
That was pretty good.
Besides the boggle thing at the end, but I digress.
Carolina
last year, before the season started,
they were everyone's kind of
sexy, sleek picks,
somewhat possible surprising team of the year, and things just never the season started, they were everyone's kind of, you know, sexy, sleek picks, a somewhat
possible surprising team of the year.
And things just never got off.
And like you said, I think Scott Darling knows that he wasn't at his best and he kind of
admitted that and said how excited he is for this year.
But he was a big part of what was going on there.
And then also, like you said, it just nothing gelled.
And the question is that the management and the issues we've heard all summer
that we've talked about on this podcast at end is, you know,
their search to try to find a GM.
I mean, people were pulling their names out of the hat
before they even had interviews because the owner is a little bit different.
He's very hands-on, Whit.
Very hands-on, and he thinks he can kind of change the game.
And from what I've been told, one of the comments is,
well, I don't need my scouts at games.
They can scout from home, and I don't need to pay scouts cell phone bills.
Yeah, you do, bro, because they're calling each other,
talking about players that they need to draft for your
No, no, the courier pigeon.
They're going back.
So, granted, that's not on the ice stuff but sometimes it trickles down and sometimes it
it can affect the locker room but i think with a new coach rod brindamore won a stanley cup there
when he raised the trophy yeah i would psycho charish he's a savage i heard they used to have
to lock the weight room when he was at michigan state complete lunatic but i think having a new
coach even though he's been there as an assistant, he's there now. Guys are ready to play. They made those big deals in terms of Hannafin's gone, Skinner's gone,
guys who were big parts of the core of the team. So because of that, it's another year of saying
this team could surprise. I mean, if Darling plays well, there is a lot of talent up front.
My boy, Sebastian Ajo, being my boy, I don't know him. My boy is one of my favorite players to watch.
My boy, Sebastian Ajo, being my boy, I don't know him.
My boy is one of my favorite players to watch.
Love him.
Love his game.
And along with him, there's other guys too.
I mean, Sveshnikov, however you say it, Grinnelli,
he is an ultra-talented rookie.
I don't know kind of the impact he'll have.
But Tara Vining came over from Chicago, had a great second half of the year.
And there's other guys. Victor Rask was kind of slow last year at the beginning of the year.
He picked it up.
So there is talent there.
It's just about can they put it together.
And there's going to be no fans in the building.
Listen, there's nobody going to your game.
So you have to play well with our fan base because nobody goes.
It's true.
Yeah, I would.
And, Ari, I'd have to agree with you guys.
I just like  I don't know.
I can't put my finger on it.
It could be a team that surprises you. Yeah, I would. And, Ari, I'd have to agree with you guys. I just, like, I don't know. I can't put my finger on it.
It could be a team that surprises you.
Do you guys know anything about, Ari,
and I have to ask you this, Martin Nekas?
Nekas?
But, I mean, he was drafted in the 12th overall in the first round of 2017.
I mean, they have him right now penciled in a second line center. Like, I mean, if,
if you don't have strong center ice in that division,
you're going to get smoked. You're going against,
you're going against wash pit Philly. I mean,
the Philly top six are fucking unbelievable. You know, I mean,
you'd probably be able to squeak a few wins against the Islanders,
but even like Columbus, a hard team to play against. I just, I don't,
I don't think this team's going to make playoffs.
And I could see him being somewhat competitive based if,
if their young talent really steps up, but that's just,
that center ice position is struggling right now.
So, and if you can't control the middle of the ice boys,
I think you're hooped.
And we, you know, we talk about the central division is being strong.
I think it might, the Metro might get overlooked a little.
I mean, there's five playoff teams in this division last year.
We had Washington, Pittsburgh, Philly, Columbus, New Jersey
all made the playoffs last year.
It's a pretty stacked division, too.
Isn't it kind of crazy you just mentioned Sebastian Ajo?
There's actually two Sebastian Ajos in the NHL?
Yeah, that is wild.
Yeah, one is wild.
One's a Finn and one's a Swede, too, even crazier.
It's like the Spider-Man meme when they're pointing back at each other.
Except one's a Swede.
To move on from the Canes, I do not have them making the playoffs.
Same, yeah.
But to allude to
your point, R.A.,
not like the other Eastern Division
where I don't think there's going to be any
easy games. There's no easy, there's going to be any easy games.
There's no easy.
There's no Ottawa's, no offense.
And then who's the other team that was not very good in that division?
I'm drawing a blank here.
The Rangers came in last in the division. Montreal.
Oh, yeah, Montreal.
So even Rangers, like they got some decent talent up front.
They'll be all right.
All right.
Next up, the Columbus Blue Jackets. All right uh next up the columbus blue jackets all right so for the
additions and subtractions we'll start first with the subtractions um some of the names matt calvert
ian cole jack johnson and thomas vanek and then some of the names they added are riley nash and
anthony duclair who wants this one first i'll'll jump in, man. This is big for Columbus.
They got two huge pending UFAs in Sergey Bobrovsky and Temi Panarin,
who doesn't seem like he wants to sign a long-term extension there.
So, you know, if this team's faltering, you know, come the deadline,
you got to wonder if they're going to try to dump him to get something from him.
But, I mean, they're a playoff-caliber team.
I think the bigger issue, though, is Bobrovsky, man.
He's in the last year of a four-year, what are you, four-year, almost a 30 million deal,
but it's been a rollercoaster, man.
He won the Vesna in 17.
He's had 12 shutouts in his last two seasons, but he's been a disaster in the playoffs.
The last two years combined, three and eight with an 8.92 GAA around three and a half.
I mean, if you are a GM, do you want to make a move for like bobrowski if he became available i don't know
man i i i think uh this team everything hinges on him in the regular season it seems like and
then the playoffs come and he and he folds so i don't know man it's a big question mark for me
boys this might be a crazy thought but considering he's up for contract would you if
you're columbus would you consider making a move where you you deal bobrofsky and get back price
where obviously montreal do you think that they'd be willing to unload that salary if there was a
decent enough offer because this is a team where they're just kind of like throughout the lineup
they're just kind of everyone throughout the lineup they're just
kind of everyone chips in and if they get the job done they're solid all four lines like they got a
solid four lines here is that crazy talk i mean why would they trade price to somebody like not
sign i don't know like i feel like they'd want somebody younger i yeah i mean i don't know i'm
not a g but let's put it this way you're you, I don't know. I'm not a GM.
But let's put it this way.
They don't have a number one if they lose Bobrovsky.
You can't just go get number ones.
I would say the easiest number one to go get in the league
based on his longevity of his contract and how much it's worth,
that's probably the one number one you could get.
And if you're going to have to pay Bobrovsky that, I mean,
has he had any health issues in the past?
Yeah, he has actually.
I mean, but he's also 30.
This team, it's a really hard team to look at because they're kind of in that
boat that they're good.
I think they're going to make the playoffs.
Up front, they're awesome.
The back end, Seth Jones, dude, he's going to win a Norris.
Wierenski's sick.
But don't you sense kind of a little bit of the wild in terms of
they're not going to win the Cup.
It's just funny to think of them.
I mean, they're not going to beat Pittsburgh or Washington.
It's just they're a good team.
They are what they are.
They'll compete.
But in the end, I don't see them ever winning the East.
Do you guys?
They're a prime example of the team that could,
where they'll battle their way to the finals,
and then it's just going to be like, ah, the miracle story's over.
That's not a lineup that you can sustain.
It's not shitting on them either.
No, no, no.
But, Ben, once again, look at their strength up the middle.
You're dealing with teams in the same division
that have fucking two legit number one centers.
I mean, you look at Philly and you look at Pittsburgh.
I mean, Walsh, of course.
Yeah, and they paid Wenberg.
They paid Wenberg a number two center.
He's got to be a little better.
But, I mean, I love that Pierre-Luc Dubois.
Yeah, he's good. I think he's going to be a
stud. Yeah, he got overshadowed a bit.
There were so many good rookies last year, but he
hit up 20 goals, 28 assists, and
82. And he fought a couple times, too.
Yeah. Let's put it
this way. He's going to have to be able to find
another notch
to be
considered in that top echelon center.
I just saw his picture. He's hot.
To answer your question, Witts, I think if they had a better goalie in the playoffs
the last couple years, who knows how good they would have been.
Exactly. And you're right.
Bobrovsky's incredible during the regular season.
Tortorella, he compliments him all the time.
It's not that likely Tortorella's going to compliment you.
He's always saying how important he is.
And then, for some reason, the playoffs come.
It's like, Jesus Christ, dude.
You see the black dot?
You're supposed to  it's the puck.
Stop it.
Bizzy, it's a little early.
You ready for your weekly trivia, Biz?
Well, you know what, R.A., before you start saying that,
is I'm a little worried about how torched I'm going to get
when people listen to this about my trading Carey Price
or getting Carey Price.
No, I was going to rip on you, and then I'm thinking,
I don't know, maybe that...
Grinelli wrote the same blog today, didn't you, Mikey?
Yeah, I mean, I wrote the blog this week
that the Canadians should trade Carey Price.
I think it's almost inevitable at this point.
I would say this.
I look at...
Maybe not for a Russian goalie. I look at... Maybe not for a Russian goal.
I look at the Columbus's forwards,
and I think of like a Nashville,
where there isn't like a standout player.
They just get it done as a group.
I mean, that Josh Anderson's on the third line there.
He's a fucking solid player.
Boone Jenner is.
I mean, Dubinsky's third line center.
Dorjestrand's fucking nasty.
Foligno's like a good depth guy.
Top six.
Like they got a, they got a solid core group of guys.
If, if, if, if they're going to have to pay Bobrovsky,
who I don't know what his health situation has been like in the past.
And I know Carrie price has had issues as well,
but like that's a type of deal where you,
you might be able to get some, if you can muster something up,
like lock in a good goalie.
Cause this team is going to need a good goalie
in order to get them over the hump.
Exactly.
And I also give a shout-out to Seth Jones,
one of the great young American puckers out there.
57 points in 78 games last year.
He's locked up for another three years at 5.4 per.
Nice deal.
So, Biz, this week's a little trivia for you.
Okay.
There are two NHL teams with Civil War-inspired nicknames.
One of them should be real easy because we're just talking about them.
Sure.
The Columbus Blue Jackets,
obviously because they manufactured a lot of the Union jackets in the area,
in the city.
Do you know what the other team is?
This one's a lot tougher.
Wow.
Do I get to guess, too?
Sure.
Everyone can guess.
Yeah.
It's a tricky one there are two nhl nicknames with that can can i get one team to think about it like one and i
won't google it i just want to see the teams i want to see the list yeah i'll give you they're
in the western conference if that helps so we'll'll get back to it. We can revisit in the meantime.
Speaking of, let's go to the next
Wait, is it the Canucks?
Is it the Canucks?
It's not the Canucks.
It's not the Lightning.
The Lightning got the nickname, honestly, God, because
No, there wasn't any lightning storms during the fucking Civil War.
You said the West, dummy.
I said the West.
No, the Lightning got the name because Phyllis Bezito looked out on Tampa Bay
during a storm and saw a lightning and said, okay, we're going to name the team the Tampa Bay Lightning. That's the West. No, the Lightning got their name because Phyllis Bizzito looked out on Tampa Bay during a storm and saw a Lightning and said, okay,
we're going to name the team the Tampa Bay Lightning.
That's the truth.
Okay.
Really dug deep for that one.
Team in the West.
It's a civil war-inspired nickname, but it's not an American team.
There's another hint for you, Biz, which makes it even more confounding.
All right.
Let's
Winnipeg.
No.
No, the Jets.
The Oilers? No, the Oilers. There's plenty of oil up there. All right, let's... Winnipeg. No. No, the Jets. The Oilers?
No, the Oilers.
There's plenty of oil up there.
All right, next team up, New Jersey Devils.
Think fire, too.
New Jersey, man.
The Flames?
Really?
Fuck.
Sorry.
Let's move on.
The Calgary Flames.
That's the other team.
Because they used to be the Atlanta Flames.
The city of Atlanta was set on fire during the Civil War, so the original owner named them the Atlanta Flames, the city of Atlanta was set on fire during the Civil War.
So the original owner named them the Atlanta Flames,
which is kind of a weird thing.
Your city burnt down.
Let's name the team after them.
And then when they moved to Calgary, they kept the Flames.
So, boom, there's your answer.
New Jersey Devils.
Some guys left.
Some guys stayed.
Grinnelli's going to tell us who did what.
All right.
So first up, we have Michael Grabner was one of the guys who left.
Jimmy Hayes, Patrick Maroon, and defenseman John Moore.
Some of the guys that they brought in are  I'm not going to lie.
I don't really know any of these names.
Jeez, Grinnelli, have a heart, man.
Holy fuck, Grinnelli.
I guess R is our name, guys, so fucking pass the puck over.
How would you like to be a guy who signed with the Devils
and you happen to enjoy spitting chicklets twice a week?
Now Halsey's not going to come on the pod.
Get some little fucking producer in a closet in New York City
telling him he's never heard of you.
Now Hal hates half our podcast, me and Grinelli.
I can't have it.
Hey, New Jersey, you know, they got a solid roster that does.
It doesn't exactly scream contender.
They had a nice season last year. I saw them go back to the players for the first time since
they won that cup run in 2012 you know and given how well Schneider played in the playoffs last
year you wonder if if that series might have turned out different if they actually started
him remember Keith Kincaid stole the job from him and we kind of so we talked about it frequently
on the podcast well they started him the first two games and,
you know,
he got pulled.
They put Schneider in.
Schneider had a one,
seven,
eight goals against and a nine,
five,
oh,
say percentage in the playoffs last year.
He was outstanding.
You got to think that series might've been different.
I know they lost four games to one,
but they got a good solid team there.
I mean,
they should get back to the playoffs.
I don't know.
Like I said,
that they're a contender.
But what do you see them doing this year, Wits?
Well, I really appreciate you asking me first
because we didn't even talk about this prior.
But NHL Network, it's another employer of mine.
I work there as an analyst.
Not a big deal.
They have a show.
They've done a little bit of their own kind of 24-7 HBO training camp.
What's that show called for, like, football?
Is that what it's 24-7?
Hard Knocks.
Hard Knocks.
They've got their own type thing called Behind the Glass.
The NHL Network's produced it.
The first episode is going to be out Wednesday, September 26th at 7 o'clock.
I don't know if that's already going to have happened.
Does that already have happened?
Either way, that might be tonight.
Either way, check it out when you can and i got to see it and i'll tell you this team i was one of the guys who
said last year they were going to stink they were going to stink and my boy halsey went on to win
the mvp the team made the playoffs they were a feel-good story in the nhl john hines the head
coach former bu guy thank you um and And I kind of was on the fence of
thinking, all right, I don't know if they're going to last in the playoffs. They might take
a step back. But having watched this show and having to talk to Halsey a little bit,
I think he's going to come on in the relative future pretty soon, hopefully.
They're excited this year. They know they have a lot to prove. They're not resting on last year.
I still like their club. Schneider's got to get healthy he's battled injuries a lot but when he's
been healthy he's been a top-notch goalie so to have the MVP Nico Heashier had a great rookie year
Halsey my man like I said MVP on the on the on the defensive side Andy Green I I don't know if
you guys even know much about him 13 year vet I think around my age
captain of the devils just a a great force on the on the defensive side for them also in the
locker room you can kind of tell watching this episode but I think they're gonna stay right
where they were and I don't think there's gonna be a huge a huge step back I think that the way
this team's constructed they're gonna be good. I'm not guaranteeing playoffs, but they're certainly not going to be a pushover
at any time during the season.
Yeah, I mean, any time you're dealing with a New Jersey organization,
they're just well-rounded teams, very structured, disciplined.
And any time you've got a goalie like that in net,
you're always going to have a chance to win.
I just think that they're going to be competitive.
I don't know, boys. I don't think that they're going to do a chance to win. I just think that they're going to be competitive. I just  I don't know, boys.
I just  I don't think that they're going to do well in that division.
I see them not making playoffs.
I don't think that Taylor Hall can sustain another year of carrying the team
that much offensively.
Like, that's a lot of fucking miles on that guy last year,
like putting the team on his back.
Did he lay a girl out or something, Biz?
What's that?
Did he lay a girl out or something, Biz?
Halsey?
Oh, yeah.
No, no, no.
No, man.
I know he's going to get fucking 80 points.
You're saying he has no help.
He's got  man, there's just not enough high-end talent
to help him out on that roster.
And Nico, he sure is a fucking great little player.
But fuck, man. Like he's,
he's not playing with an NHL number one center.
Like Nico,
he shares probably like he's,
he's a number two right now.
And,
and,
and like I said,
what he did last year was fucking magnificent,
magnificent.
And I'm not trying to shit on him at all.
Like I'm actually trying to get back in his good books,
but I just,
I don't know if he can elevate them to get to the playoffs.
Sorry, Halsey. Fuck. I know you hate my guts.
Yeah, I mean,
it's not like you're really picking on them. They did make
the playoffs by a point last year.
And by him
literally carrying the fucking team.
On his back. His shoulders
are huge. Still must have hurt him.
He probably put a little bit on his juicy lips
because, you know, he's got those juicy lips.
I'm going to say they're going to make the playoffs again.
I'm sticking by my boy.
I know you hate Hall.
Jesus Christ.
Shut the fuck up.
Halsey, if you're listening, which you are,
because I know you love the pod and you're coming on.
I'm going to have a nice chicken parm dinner with him soon.
Just shit on you the whole time.
No.
Maybe during the apps.
Just the apps.
Hopefully if they're good. Sorry. Oh, no during the apps. Just the apps. Hopefully if they...
Go ahead, Ben. Sorry.
Oh, no, go ahead.
Hey, anytime you want to jump in and rip me,
all right, fucking...
It's invited.
Bend over.
Now, when I bend over,
shtank, fucking.
Jersey, yeah, if they do get back to the playoffs,
that's Eddie Murphy doing Ralph Cramden off the...
Terrible.
Oh, shit, no, I haven't seen that one.
Probably one of the most famous comedy shows of all time.
No one listening.
If you're 100.
Right, right.
Nobody saw Eddie Murphy, Delirious, right?
Nobody listening to this.
Not our fans.
We got fucking all these young bucks.
That's why we got Austin Matthews coming on.
Exactly.
So, yeah, if Jersey does get back to the playoffs,
maybe start Schneider in game one this time.
Another team just across the river or across the bay,
whatever the New York Island is.
Been a struggle for them lately.
They were last in goals against last year.
Another team that went through wholesale changes.
Barry Trotz went from winning a Stanley Cup to coaching the Islanders.
Also had a big roster turnover.
Mikey Grinelli, what do you have for us there?
All right, so obviously the big one is John Tavares.
Who?
Where'd he end up?
John Tavares, Chris Wagner, Dennis Seidenberg, and that's about it, boys.
He was on Team Nobu because that's all he was eating in those fucking meetings in Toronto.
And then for the additions, they added Valtteri Flippua.
They added Rod.
Oh, he's going to get dummied by that.
Dial it back.
Valtteri Flip-Flop-a-la.
Flip Cup.
Valtteri Flip Cup.
Valtteri Flip Cup-a-la.
Oh, I can't wait.
I'm going to listen.
Oh, God, I can't wait to hear people's reactions. Oh, my God.
You are going to get fucking banged up.
Val Terry, flip-a-la.
Flip-a-la.
Same thing.
Holy shit.
You move to Ireland, and the Witness Protectors Program,
and they fucking change his name to fucking Jagermeister Flip-a-la.
So they also brought in Matt Martin and Robin Leonard.
Oh, Matt Martin's banned from the aisle.
And Leo Komaroff.
Yeah, Leo.
Leo signed there too.
Leo re-signed there?
No, I think he just signed there as a free agent.
I was just thinking Matt Martin and him were together in Toronto.
There's so much action right now with Toronto and Isles
and a lot of back and forth.
The Isles guys are not a good team.
I don't know.
Are we going to have to Ottawa this one or no?
We kind of  it's not Ottawa level.
Eberle, great player.
What a guy.
Get the duck sandwich every time at Cactus Club in Edmonton.
Stay hot, Ebi.
Barzell, stud.
He's going to be a top 20 player in the league this year.
Oh, yeah, Stallion.
Stallion flies.
But, oh, guys, it's tough.
To say that they were a defensive liability last year
would be the biggest understatement in National Hockey League history.
Are they going back to games on the island, R.A.?
This year, maybe.
Honestly, I'm not sure if it's this year.
Grinnelli, maybe.
I actually was talking to Frankie Borelli about it the other day,
and he said they're going to play 20 games.
Their arena schedule is like a fucking Goosebumps
choose-your-own-ending R.L. Stine edition.
It's crazy.
Like, what?
I know.
Are you playing in two fucking arenas and you show up in
brooklyn you're like yeah the the doors are just locked and you're just like oh they're in long
island tonight like oh fuck yeah oh oh oh oh no tonight they're at msg they're the away team
quick side story do you guys remember that billions calhoun that rapper that lived in
uh in my neighborhood when i was playing in california and i documented it they were shooting
a rap video at our complex okay so by the way we got to get him on the podcast well he so so he's
like oh you play hockey yeah like we we hung out the whole day i'm like give me like we're gonna
hire you to come to the team party in the season exchange numbers.
I followed him on Instagram, which by the way, he is insane on Instagram.
He'll like be licking strippers tits on his story and posting it,
but he's private, but still nonetheless crazy.
Well, he asked me for tickets to the game one night.
So I said, sure.
We're in Ontario.
I paid for the Ontario rain.
He's like, Hey man, like we're here.
There's no tickets.
I'm like, man, I left tickets at the will call. I go outside. There's no tickets. I'm like, man, I left tickets at the will call.
I go outside.
I'm walking around.
I'm like, man, I'm at the will call.
You're nowhere to be found because I wasn't there.
You were in the lineup?
He was at the fucking Los Angeles Kings game in L.A.
You better tell me you were in minor league.
I told him.
I'm living in Ontario, California.
Why would I play for the fucking Kings, man?
Come on.
You probably saw your social media followers. This dude must be on fucking that's true that's true and i was helping
direct this guy he got a million twitter followers and always hungry like shit that's true but no but
now saying that it said oh yeah i guess it said in the los angeles kings organization so this guy
but but now saying that i lived in ont. Why wouldn't he just have asked?
What are the chances if he was like,
oh, can you call and get me tickets to
the Kings game? Would you even
give him one second of...
Not a chance I'm giving him Kings tickets.
Absolutely not.
I did his rat video production for Pobono.
Maybe he was a real dummy and thought the
Ontario team was in Canada.
Islanders out.
Anyway, sorry about that.
Sorry to get in that billions Calhoun story,
but we are getting him on the podcast because he's like a C.
That'll be a solo one, but you can solo that one.
Okay.
The big question, Mark, going back to the Islanders,
among others, is the goaltending.
They're bringing back Thomas Grice, Robin Lane, are they signed?
I guess either guy could emerge as the starter.
It was a rough year for Grice last year.
I mean, back on a Palak, he had a 3-8-2 goals against
and an 8-9-2 save percentage.
That might have worked in 1982 in the National Hockey League,
but not so much nowadays.
Johnny Boychuk, you know, I guess de facto number one
or maybe number two defenseman on that squad.
He's been battling injuries in addition to father time.
I mean, he's 35.
He's still got three more years at 6 million a year,
so good for him on that.
But, yeah, man, it's sunny days.
I can't really say ahead for the Islanders.
They're not going to the playoffs this year,
and I think they're probably destined for the lottery.
Although Barry Trotz, he does have a great pedigree.
You've got to think he's going to have some effect on the team,
but I don't know exactly what they're going to do, man, this year.
I mean, I don't want to tell anyone to tank or what to do.
You want people being competitive as possible at the National Hockey League level.
But in order to grow your franchise, they're going to need a top three pick.
They can't be trying for 10th last in the league.
Like, come on here.
At some point, you got to shut it down a little bit,
a little short-term pain, long-term gain.
You know what I mean?
Ha, ha, ha.
You know what I mean?
I could just see Trotz gets home from a road trip,
sitting in the dark.
He doesn't even have the TV on.
And his wife comes in, honey, what are you doing?
He's cracking open a beer and he just
says, Oshie
and Ovechkin ain't walking through that door
tomorrow.
I'm fucked this year.
That's
tough to go from two
solid franchises and teams to
go into that. He used to be
behind the bench when the team got a power play.
Just chalk it up. Now he's like,
hopefully we can break into the
zone correctly. You know who
might be walking through that door, Whitney, is
the GM of the Islanders, given
the history of coaches and fucking GMs
living together for that fucking team.
I don't know
what that meant. What happened?
When Capuano was coaching
them, he lived in like Dougie
what's his name?
Fucking Snowy's basement.
He had like a separate apartment.
I think that's their main reason for moving on around there.
That's my guess.
Time to make a change.
Sick inside joke there that our fans wouldn't have understood it though,
all right?
I don't know.
Maybe some of them would have.
I guess you weren't listening.
Maybe like 2.
No, I don't know.
It was talked about extensively at one point.
Would you have felt bad for the other group of people that would have known
what the fuck you were talking about?
Am I wrong here?
We're on  we've got to explain shit.
No, I thought it was pretty well-known common knowledge that the Islanders GM
and Islanders coach lived in the same house a few years ago,
so that's why I made the joke, which sucks because you have to
I did not know that.
I know I'm not on the East Coast over there.
I forgot, too.
I'm not going to lie.
I did not know that.
So, anyways, Isles, good luck this year.
How are you?
Across the river.
Let's check out the New York Rangers.
The hottest coach in the league.
Ooh, yep.
David Quinn, the new coach.
We also have a few new players.
You guys left town.
Grinelli, what do we got, brother?
So not much turnover in New York.
Andre Pavlich, you know, one of the names that left town.
And Adam McQuaid is one of the names that they brought in.
Yeah, Pavlich actually retired. He was a long time quarterback.
Yeah. Long time goalie up in Winnipeg. He just announced his retirement last week.
The Rangers finished last in the Patrick, sorry, the Metropolitan last year.
They were 28th in goals against, I don't know, man,
it's the future doesn't look that great for this team.
It's kind of like they're paying for the sins when they were, you know,
chasing the cup back 2011, 2012,
2013.
They got a lot of middle six talent, not a
ton of top tier talent.
Hank Lundquist, 35 years
old, started 61 games last year.
You've got to think they might give him a break, but
they got a new backup, Marek Mazanik. He's only got
25 NHL starts.
I don't know, man. If I'm a Rangers fan, you got
some good parts in place,
but I'm not feeling all that great about the future.
What say you, Biz?
Yeah, I mean, it's  I mean, I don't mind Zibanejad.
I like him.
I like Kreider.
He's a workhorse.
No offense to  is it Cheitel, Philip Cheitel?
We'll go with that.
Yeah, we'll go with that. Okay, I don't know who he is, and he's penciled second-line center.
It's tough when you're, once again, competing in this division,
and I don't even know the name of your second-line center.
That's where he's penciled in anyway.
Yeah, I mean, I look at their back end,
not a ton of puck-moving defensemen.
Lundqvist isn't getting any younger.
It's not a playoff team.
I don't want to be too critical because there's a lot of good players on this team.
Of course, Zuccarello, but yeah, boys, just not seeing it.
I think it's kind of a, I mean, it's a little bit of a rebuild.
It's so weird to use that, that kind of word now,
because teams don't want to admit it,
but they know they're not going to make the playoffs and a guy like Kevin
Hayes got a one-year deal. They decided they didn't want to sign him long-term.
I don't know why. I think they're nuts. But it's gonna,
it's gonna be a year of kind of seeing what young guys have.
Zibanejad is a really nice piece.
Brady Shea is a nice piece.
They signed him.
Lundquist, though, you can almost, unless he gets traded at some point,
say he's never going to win a Stanley Cup.
There was a lot of times when people thought the Rangers could get it done.
It seemed they could never beat the Penguins.
They did get to the finals.
The King got them.
But it's just a weird time for the Rangers after so long.
And, Ari, it's a good point because they traded away a lot of picks
throughout three, four years there to get guys at the deadline
and try to really make a splash and try to win the cup.
And you see, you know, four or five years later,
when the picks kind of come to fruition, usually they don't really have any,
and that's why it's not looking great right now.
I think they have a new coach in David Quinn, a BU guy, great guy.
This guy's a  I think people will love playing for him.
But still, I think that everyone knows if you're a fan of the Rangers,
you can't expect much this year.
Yeah, I mean, it's a 76 million payroll and not much to show for it.
They were 20 points out of a playoff spot last year.
Improvement's got to come from somewhere.
Like you said, David Quinn, new coach, new philosophy, no idea.
Could get some results maybe where they weren't getting before.
Also, kind of weird.
I wonder if it was the first time in NHL history that the top two scores
for a team both had the initials MZ.
Kind of a quirky little thing, huh?
Wow.
Where did you get that one?
I just, when I was looking up, doing a little research,
I saw Mika Zibanejad and, you know, Matt Zuccarello kind of jumped out at me.
Boys, you know what sucks about breaking down these teams
is like being negative about some of
the teams like i don't want these guys listening and hair shitting on them so i mean you know we
just got to kind of call spade a spade though sometimes so don't get if you're listening and
you play on one of these teams we're laying into just just don't be mad right am i right here no
you're right and the key is paul we're not personal about it we don't make personal attacks we don't
call guys assholes or idiots.
We just say, hey, you know, the team's not doing the things they should be.
I think, you know, Mike covering the NHL for about a decade now,
guys are pretty cool about it as long as you're not really shitting on people
blatantly, a disrespect.
All right.
I just wanted to let everyone know, you know, I don't like shitting on people.
So good news is, though, we're moving on to Philadelphia.
Oh, speaking of shitting on people, go ahead, Wes.
Fuck off.
Let's talk about their biggest off-season acquisition, Gritty.
Best fucking guy.
You know what he is?
You know what he is, man?
He's the mascot.
He's a crackhead.
He's seen a few rough nights and a few even worse mornings,
but he's the mascot for grownups.
He's the guy where the kids might get scared, but I'm like, you know what?
I don't give a shit because sometimes we need a fucking mascot.
He's the mascot for like a kid.
He's basically like a psycho hockey parent.
He's the guy who tries to fight the ref after the game.
You know, if you have a trash bag father who's screaming at the ref
and trying to fight other dads, like, that's your dad.
That's gritty.
And that's perfect for the Flyers because that's a scumbag organization
that's had scumbag players forever,
and they might as well have a scumbag goddamn fucking mascot.
You know what, Whit?
I agree.
He's like the type of mascot where you look at him and you're like, you know what i agree he's he's like the type of mascot where you look at him
you're like you know what he probably cut up pictures of crosby their rival put him in a
urinal and piss on it that's the type of fucking mask i see gritty and i just think oh my god that's
that's a piece of trash i think i think wasn't os Oscar the Grouch the Muppet that was in the trash?
Yeah.
Like, Gritty doesn't wear condoms.
No.
No.
Listen, Gritty doesn't get nice condoms.
He's got the herp and not telling chicks and spreading it.
Gritty gets the bottom shelf stuff.
Gritty isn't drinking red wine out of a bottle.
He's drinking it out of a bag.
He's a piece of shit.
It looks like if Jim Henson and Frank Oz took
fucking acid one night, that's what they came up with.
They probably did.
He's the 50-year-old guy still going to college
campus parties.
That's who fucking Gritty is.
I'll tell you what.
You know what?
He's not a good guy.
Gritty's the guy that gets some coke and says,
can I smoke this? You're just like, Gritty, no, fuck. Gritty's the guy that gets some coke and says,
can I smoke this?
You're just like, Gritty, no, fuck.
Gritty, just snort it like everybody else.
Why do you got to take it to a gritty?
Why are you always trying to go there, Gritty?
I mean, God, it's tough to really top that one.
Gritty, dude, say this about Gritty.
He fucking owned social media for over 20 years. Oh, he did.
He did do that.
It was basically like Charlie Sheen was back online. Say this about Gritty. He fucking owned social media for over 20 years. Oh, he did. He did do that. Yeah, but he killed them.
He killed them.
It was basically like Charlie Sheen was back online in his fucking Haiti.
That's what Gritty was.
Charlie Sheen is the mascot.
And then to top it all off, he can't even put skates on and go on the ice.
He goes in his shoes because, of course, Gritty can't skate.
He's got not an athletic bone in his body.
Well, he's still shit-faced from the night before.
Well, that's true. You see, he just kept
drinking right through.
Gritty's boss is like, dude, Gritty,
you fell over again tonight?
I'm Gritty. I'm trying to live the part.
I'm a method actor. You know what Gritty's doing?
He's the type of guy to take his tie down
and attach it to a flask
and carry it around in the fucking back
of his jersey gritty
that's not below that's from the zamboni get away from there yeah i i'll tell you what though i'll
tell you what i'll give gritty a little credit in the terms of gritty's a chicklets listener i think
that's our that's our people uh he's on our team great great if gritty's a human gritty's got a
chicklets bumper sticker.
He's like the friend that you're embarrassed to have and you're like, yeah, I'll meet you on the
other side of town, but you don't bring him to see your
other fucking group of friends because you would never
in a million years want your fucking normal
group of friends to think you're hanging out with Gritty.
Gritty's the guy, like, I put my card down
and I'm just like, hey, everyone here except for
that red-headed stepchild fucking
psychopath, he does not get anything on this tab. You know what? Give him one drink coupon and that's it. Just like, hey, everyone here except for that red-headed stepchild fucking psychopath.
He does not get anything on this tab.
You know what?
Give him one drink coupon, and that's it.
I don't want to start a scene.
Anyway, I think we tap this one.
Fly's got a good team, though, boys. They got a wagon.
They really do.
They do.
Go ahead.
This is a top team in the East.
How about Claude Giroux's incredible turnaround last year?
34 goals, 60 assists,
102 points in 82 games after
a lackluster campaign. Have you seen his new teeth?
I have not, no.
Oh my God, they're gorgeous.
Anyway, sorry to cut you off. Sorry, brother. He went from
a, you know, I know, plus, minus, whatever. He went
from a minus 15 to a plus 28.
Fourth and hot voting.
Huge swing. They got great forwards.
Voracek, the Wayne train, Wayne Simmons,
Kutz, Couturier. This team's stacked, man. We got, actually, yeah. Who came away, Grinelli?
Well, I was going to add that the team also added James Van Riemsdyk.
Sort of.
That's a big addition. But some of the subtractions, they lost Brandon Manning.
They lost Matt Reed, Johnny Oduya. And like I said, they added James Van Riemsdyk, so I think he'll be a big addition for them.
And they might be losing Juri Letera.
Apparently, he's been involved in a cocaine investigation in Finland,
and they just happen to be bringing Gritty in at the same time.
I don't know. This looks a little shady to me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Yeah, let's not speculate.
Has he actually been busted for this?
No, he's been  his name came up in an
investigation right i know that he hasn't been arrested but there's um that someone come out
with his name i think it was the tampa media the philadelphia is like we haven't commented because
we haven't heard anything officially right news report in tampa said he was questioned about a
vacation cottage with a a large amount of cocaine. No, he hasn't been arrested.
I was making a joke.
He shouldn't be caught unless something happens.
Well, yeah.
Unless you add to the cut.
Sorry.
I mean, hey, that might have been one of your better ones, buddy.
I'm not even mad at that.
Guys, this team is going to be in the hands of two people, I think.
Their starting goaltender and their second line center, Nolan Patrick.
I don't know what he's going to bring.
I think Jordan Wheel is a very competent third line center
that can add and provide offense.
And he's a puck possession guy.
And he'll be playing with a guy like Wayne Simmons
who is going to create space for him.
I like the way their forwards complement each other.
This needs to be Nolan Patrick's coming out party,
especially with those two wingers.
And, I mean, as far as their back end boys,
I think they have two of the top defensemen in the East on their team.
That Gostin Sparrow, I mean, he's what, a 65, 70-point guy now?
Yep, 65 last year, yep.
Yeah, 65.
And that Provorov is fucking Ivan Drago on steroids
and then maybe a little bit the stuff that Latera is bringing in.
Finish guess.
Oh, another young.
You can laugh out loud.
You don't have to block the mic.
No, I didn't even realize it was on mute.
Sorry about that. That was pretty
funny.
Oh, man, dude.
How do you follow that up?
I'll tell you right now, that Provorov
has no joke.
That Gudis. How many
games does Gudis get suspended this
year?
I'll set the overrated.
That's Gritty.
Gritty's the type it's Gritty.
Hey, Gritty's the type of guy to say he's a clean player.
Every suspension, him and Gritty just go out.
Gritty's like, please get suspended.
Please.
Gritty wears a Gouda shirt. I say Gouda gets
I think the over-under is six and a half games this year, suspension.
It's fair.
Maybe five and a half.
But their D's good. Like you know like you say goss's bear
kind of had that little bit of a sophomore struggle came back last year beast um up front
though i like this i like this team bring it bring in van reams bike ran van reams like back holy
shit jay for now i might as well call him keep it simple with uh simmons has a lot to prove a
little bit of a down year last year uh travis connect me a little ball of hate little pat
verbich is that a good is that a good call for the wit jesus i kind of love that jeru with the
huge bounce back here couturier guys he's battling i think the saint was it knee injury he had before biz do you remember
even last year so he i believe in playoffs he played with a third degree mcl yeah and i think
i think he did something to it and i believe wayne simmons was when was injured all of last season
that ended up coming out too like a majority of season. That guy's a fucking honey badger.
I'd take that guy on my team any fucking day.
Yep.
Like you said, Bizdo, the big question mark with them,
and it's just been the legacy of Philly since Hextall,
is the goaltending.
They managed to get into the playoffs last year with Elliott and Neuwirth,
but Elliott needs to regain the form he had in St. Louis a couple years ago.
He's not a playoff guy either, though.
He ain't getting you over the hump.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, it just seems to be this problem.
I mean, they're spending 5.25 million on two separate guys,
and you're really not completely sold on either one of them.
And it's too bad if you're a Flyers fan because, like we just said,
they got tremendous forwards.
They got nice D.
Everything's kind of lining up for this team finally,
and they just still can't get the fucking goaltending right and and i i don't have enough respect for
true number one starting goaltenders in the league the amount of mental capacity that you have to
take over the course of a full season is fucking banana lands and in order to do it for like
imagine a guy like patrick waugh doing it all those years
and then like thinking like when he coaches he's not going to be like a narcissist man the fucking
amount of mental strength you have to have to endure a career that long putting that much on
your mind that's fucking i mean wait would you not agree yeah i mean i'm just thinking mark
andre flurry a little bit.
He doesn't necessarily have that because I could picture him coaching
and be like, go on out there, everyone.
Everyone, that's too many men.
Just keep going.
Like, it doesn't really, you know, it's not just goalies that have that.
It's just kind of how you are as a person.
Well, right.
Okay.
But now saying that, like, he also went through some serious dips
in his career, right?
True.
Would you agree?
I'm talking about a guy who every fucking year brought it,
and that's nothing against Flower, but he had to take a step back.
He became a backup.
That's true.
I guess that proves my point is that at some point,
it's going to take a mental toll.
Marc-Andre can still get it done physically.
It's the mental fucking strain it puts on these guys.
So, hey, to all you goalies out there,
and that wasn't a knock on Fleury either
because for how long he's done it is banana lands,
but that's why they're so fucking squirrely.
I do think they have to figure out who's your number one.
Goalie by committee doesn't work.
It never has and it never will.
There's a number one and there's a backup.
And when they both know their job,
it makes it a lot easier for the entire team.
So, Phillies in the playoffs, though.
Yeah, I put them in there, too.
You want to move it on to Pittsburgh there, R.A.?
Yeah, let's go across the Keystone State to Pittsburgh.
Well, I want you to start us off
because you've had some pretty good bios prepared.
Well, we need Grinelli to give us the ins and outs.
That's right.
All right, boys.
So the team lost Connor Sheery, and they added Derek Grant, Jimmy Hayes,
who is in camp, and that is it.
Yeah, I mean, this team is a contender.
They're in the thick of it right now.
There's no real changes they need to make.
They were beaten by the eventual champ last year
after having won it the year before.
I mean, they're the Penguins.
You know what you got with them.
They're going to be top-heavy with Geno, Sid, Phil Kessel up top.
The Ds coming back strong.
One guy you didn't mention, Grinelli, Jack Johnson,
they're bringing back.
And I know he's a guy who's getting criticized over his career,
but he seems like the type of guy who they could just plug right into
Pittsburgh and he could kind of hum along nicely.
You got LeTang coming back, Schultz, Dumlin, Olimata, Oleksiak,
all those guys are coming back.
So, you know, Jack Johnson, they won't need him to do anything special.
They can just kind of like plug him in, let him do his thing.
They still got Matt Murray at a nice price, 3.75 million.
But he did have a bit of a drop-off last year.
He's going to need to be a little bit better both regular season and playoffs.
But, yeah, man, the time is now for this Pittsburgh squad to, I guess,
I don't hear the dynasty word used for them, but they are by all means.
This is the Sid Crosby dynasty, and they're out for number four.
What do you say, Wits?
Well, you know,
you know how I feel about this team guys.
This is just,
this,
this is tugging at the heartstrings. Is that the word?
Yes.
Emotional,
the emotional,
uh,
thought of my,
myself and my love for the penguins.
Here's what I'm going to say about them.
They could,
they could win the Stanley cup again.
They have Crosby.
They have Malcolm.
They have Kessel Kessel.
It's going to be very interesting to see how
this year goes with Mike Sullivan and Kessel.
By the way, I don't know if our
Insta account Grinnelly
posted, there was a clip that went around of
Phil Kessel and the reporter's biz,
like, you know, you get to training camp and
the reporter's like, oh, how was the summer? What'd you do?
And he just goes, same old shit.
I've seen it.
Did we get it out of Grinnelly it i'm surprised it didn't blow up more
than it did yeah same here but just classic philly's like same old shit no yeah he's like
same old yeah he just but when i when i started this little rant here it wasn't even about him
it's just gonna be interesting to see where he goes this year my thing is about matt murray
and last year i think he'd be the first to admit he wasn't good enough.
He did not have a good year.
And that's the first year that he's had it on him.
Listen, you are the number one.
Fleury's gone because you are this good.
You have been the starting goalie as we've won two Stanley Cups.
You're our guy.
You're going to be the future of this entire organization.
You know, if you imagine he'll play probably longer than Sidney Crosby,
right? He's 22, 23 years old, Murray. So the first year comes when he's the guy and he doesn't play
well. I'm not saying that, you know, that means he's not an elite goalie, but it certainly is a
test to this year where it is different when you are the guy. When you beat out Fleury like he did,
you always know in the back of your head, you know,
I'm kind of in a win-win situation.
No matter what, they have Fleury to lean back on.
But, well, now, not only is Fleury playing well in another city,
and, you know, there's fans that talk nonsense of they shouldn't have traded
Fleury, which is wrong.
They did the right thing.
But this year, Murray has to show up.
He has to play better and understand that if he doesn't play
to the level that he can this team won't win the Stanley Cup no matter how good they are up front
um I'm gonna say their advantages are their depth at center ice of course because Derek Broussard
I mean I would say typically in his career he was slaughtered as a second line center so now
he's getting better line matchups which i mean they have hornquist
listed on on the third line right now right side i didn't like the contract they gave him i thought
it was too long i thought it was for a little too much for a guy who you know getting up and down
the ice it's it's it's not going to get any faster than what it is right now and in order to keep up
in the league how fast it is, it's a depreciating asset,
especially at the number and length.
Daniel Sprong, who they have listed as Crosby's first-line right winger,
I'd imagine that him and Kessel are going to have to swap
because this guy hasn't spent a full season in the National Hockey League.
He lit it up in the minors last year.
But, I mean, it's a lot of pressure on
that that center ice with with with a couple wingers that aren't really proven up top uh i
would say haglin's hit or miss i mean i love what he brings as far as speed's concerned um i mean
there was rumors that kessel wasn't happy and there was some maybe some conflict with the coach
i don't know how how how his attitude is going to be coming into the season you know he's hot and cold
sometimes but uh other than that boys I like your guys comments on the goaltending and I think that
the back ends it's it's solid it's it's it's eastern conference solid so that's all I got
yeah and don't forget look at the defense Pittsburgh won their last cup with it. It wasn't
anything to write home about. That wasn't
like a Hall of Fame-laden roster. It was just
solid. They got the job done because... They didn't even have
LeTang, right? Right. Yeah, exactly.
I would say this, though. In order to make
another run, they're going to have to make a big deadline
move to get another scoring winger.
That's my opinion on it, and that's...
And that's what they seem to
kind of pull it off.
Every time they win a cup, it seems like they sort of pull that move off.
So this leaves us with one final team.
And wouldn't you know it, it's coincidentally the Stanley Cup champion,
Washington Capitals.
Not much to report, Grinnelli, right, on the commons and goons?
Yeah, not much.
Alex Chason left.
Philip Grubauer left.
And they brought in Dimitri Zaitsev left,
and they didn't really bring in any big names.
No, I mean, they didn't need to.
Jeff Beagle's another guy who left.
He went to Vancouver for some nice cabbage.
Yeah, they're the cup champs.
The one guy they did lose, Brooks Orpik, they managed to bring him back.
They included him in the Philip Grubauer trade.
But, yeah, same thing as Pittsburgh, basically.
The time is now for this team.
They got one.
They want to get another one.
I'm sure Alex Ovechkin would love to get a little closer to Crosby.
They've been rivals for a decade and running now.
I'm sure he'd like to get cup number two.
You know, they got unbelievable forwards still.
Kuznetsov, Backstrom, Oshie, Tom Wilson got paid.
Jacob Verana had a great playoffs.
Burakovsky was great.
And the Ds the same, pretty much.
Carlson, Niskanen, Orloff, Kempney, Orpik, and Braden Holtby's back.
So this is the same team, essentially, coming back.
They're built to win now, and it's just going to be a matter if they can pull it off.
But they didn't need to do anything, and they didn't have to go out
and do anything.
What do you got on it, Wits?
I got that I was the guy who said there was zero chance they were going to beat the Pittsburgh Penguins.
So, I mean, I was the guy who said Washington will never win a Stanley Cup.
So, I'm the last guy anyone should listen to.
so I'm the last guy anyone should listen to.
Having said all that, I'm not afraid to maybe throw a little guess out there,
and I will say if there's one team I feel that could have a little bit of a setback,
step back, not as good of a year after winning the Cup, it's the Capitals.
I don't know why.
I mean, maybe it's because I just picture them chugging beers out of the fountain where the Nationals played
and doing keg stands in the cup and just being complete legends.
Maybe I'm thinking they didn't train that hard,
or maybe me thinking that at all is me being an old, miserable donkey
who thinks that guys can't party and also be ready to play.
But I could see him taking a step back.
Either way, they're going to be in the playoffs.
They're going to have a chance to win another Stanley Cup
or just see and depend on what happens once the second season gets going in April.
Well, boys, yeah, I just  I don't know what's going to happen
with this team coming off this big Cup win.
My biggest question mark is going to be if Tom Wilson can handle those top-line minutes.
I mean, they're paying him like a top six forward now.
He's probably going to be paying with Kuzi and Ovechkin.
Like, I love Tommy.
He's just a big guy, and it's hard to go from playing bottom six minutes
to maybe second line minutes
for a whole season. And it's just, it's a lot, man. It's a lot to sustain. And there's a reason
why these top six guys are top six guys. If you're going to be playing with those two guys,
you got to be looking at least at a 45 point season. And he's never, I believe he's never
been over what, 35 points in his entire career.
So it's tough to just keep building throughout your career
and become more and more of a point guy.
Like, how often does that happen?
When have we ever seen that over the course of a guy's NHL career?
Witt, R.A.?
Yeah, guys typically plateau at a certain point.
You know, you don't have a huge leap usually mid to late 20s.
Right, and all of a sudden now you're a skill guy.
The progression would have came sooner than that.
But like I said, I love the guy.
I love what he brings to any team.
But that over 5 million, you've got to bring more than what he's done
in the past in the regular season at least.
Yep, all right.
That sounds about good.
Obviously, you've got him going back to the playoffs.
What's got him back going?
It's just a matter if they repeat, really.
So, all right, that wraps up our divisional preview and all our team previews.
And now we're going to go to Brandon Bollig, 2013 Stanley Cup winner.
Had a nice interview with him.
This interview is brought to you by Black Buffalo.
We know everybody out there likes to pack a dip every once in a while,
but now you've got to try out Black Buffalo.
You know why?
Because it's tobacco-free.
It doesn't give you all that garbage that you get with a normal dip.
If you love dipping and you're not using Black Buffalo,
it's time to switch.
You can keep the ritual but ditch the tobacco
because Black Buffalo is the only tobacco-free alternative
that delivers the same experience as traditional dip, including nicotine,
the flavors, the texture, aroma, and most importantly, the nicotine.
You know, I like the different flavors you try out,
and you're not getting all that garbage like you said that you get
with a traditional dip.
The Black Buffalo, it isn't any of the garbage.
Garbage-free.
If you want to save 25 on your next order of Black Buffalo,
head over to blackbuffalo.com and use the promo code SPITTENCHICKLETS.
That's SPITTENCHICKLElets for 25 off your next order.
Born in the Midwest, raised in the South,
charge ahead with Black Buffalo.
I want to welcome, well, I wouldn't really say a past friend,
but since I've been done playing and he's not caving my fucking face in anymore,
I'd like to welcome Brendan Bollig, now a friend, to the podcast.
What's up, Bulls?
Nothing, guys. Thanks for having me. This is awesome.
I actually feel the same. It's funny that, yeah, we played,
I don't know how many times, fought plenty of times,
and then probably never said too many words to each other.
And after we were done playing each other and you retired
and I'm about to do the same, we've talked much more than that.
It's pretty funny.
You know what, though?
There is definitely a mutual respect amongst us
the minute that we played against each other.
And, yeah, I think basically every other time we played against each other,
we fought.
And I guess the most famous one was when you not only beat me up
but got me kicked out of the game after playing.
Man, I saw that.
I didn't know that was your, now, did I hear that right?
Was that your first playoff game?
I actually, I think I, before that,
I think I'd gotten one against Detroit,
but I once again sat on the bench the entire time.
But that had been my first one in in a couple years and it was you
know united center i was all jacked up i knew the anthem was going to be fucking insane and i never
forget to do my fucking strap on and sure enough we i as soon as i stepped on the ice there was an
offside so i got one second on the score sheet yeah we went at it man i remember too because
yeah i saw what's up no no keep going keep going i was
just gonna say yeah somebody uh i saw the i think you did something with barstool and you talked
about it and you talked about that that that was like that happened we played one second and then
we ended up fighting and uh i remember seeing that and i was laughing because man i i i knew
it was something like that obviously uh we know well enough to do the fight trap.
And then when that came off, I was like, I actually felt bad.
I knew exactly what happened.
I knew it didn't, like, break or nothing.
I knew it was just an accident.
But the funny thing about that fight, I dislocated my finger, like,
right, like, the second to last game of the season.
And then we played you guys first round, and that was, I don't know,
first or second game, I don't know what first or second game i don't know what it was but uh i had a cast on my on my finger uh when we came out and i saw you come over the boards and i was like all right yeah if we if we're going
here i had to rip i so we ended up talking we decided we were fighting and i i ripped it off
like in my glove uh and then and end up fighting it hurt so it's like still to this day probably
uh discomfort i've ever had like in an injury it was brutal but i was just funny that happened and
then and then i knew exactly what happened with the uh with the fight draft so it was just uh it
was a it was an odd one that's for sure well if anything i helped my team because we went down to
11 forwards i didn't have to go on the ice and we ended up winning that game in OT. You're welcome, Coyotes. Yeah, you did. I remember that.
Yep, yep.
How many times did you guys fight all together?
I would say
four. Yeah, I was going to
say that. Yeah, yeah. I think so.
Anytime I sign fighting pictures,
90 of the time, it's me
fighting you. We had a really nice
one. I got to get that one framed
up.
It's always an honor when people want that sign. Now, Brandon,
I know you finished up the season with Milwaukee and the AHL.
Did you just say you were retiring or did I hear you incorrectly?
No, no, I'm not, not yet. We're actually,
so we actually got some pretty decent offers anyway to stay over here.
Some two-way offers, some decent American decent offers anyway to stay over here some two-way offers some decent american league offers but man i don't know i just don't i i would i want to
check out europe so we're waiting to hear on some european options and uh hopefully that's what we
do so like i just got married here about a month and a half ago and so me and the wife are looking
to you know go go have a cool you know life experience somewhere in europe and and and get
to experience that part of it.
Because it gets to be, as you know, Biz, man,
it gets to be a grind in the American League.
There's no doubt about it.
So I think that league takes years off your life.
So it was just everything that goes into it.
So we're just really hoping some European options come up.
But luckily, there's still interest from teams over here,
which is obviously a good feeling to have. So I'm sure something will work out but i'm also not
gonna stress about it too much i'm sure it'll be all right and where is here right now where
where are you right now currently we live i live in chicago yeah right down okay okay okay i think
biz were you just out here for uh nhl media Yeah, I was doing this thing called what's in the box.
Celebrities are not that kind, but yeah,
in Chicago you can get into those kinds of games real quick.
Decent city.
Yeah.
It's unreal.
So you finished last year in Milwaukee.
I've heard nothing but great things and one of the best American hockey league
cities.
Man, I actually loved it.
So, I mean, like I said, we live in Chicago and that's, you know,
hour and a half probably at most away from here.
So that part was obviously awesome.
Once I was traded in Nashville, I was, you know,
obviously they told me I was starting in Milwaukee or going to Milwaukee.
So I was pretty pumped about that being close to here.
But also, yeah, it's honestly, I was pretty shocked. Obviously, you know, back my first few years pro when I was pretty pumped about that being close to here. But also, honestly, I was pretty shocked.
Obviously, you know, back my first few years pro when I was with Rockford
and we were playing in Milwaukee all the time, you obviously come to it,
but you don't go check out every single city and see what all is around the town.
And I knew nothing about Milwaukee before we got there.
It's actually pretty solid.
It kind of reminds me of like a mini Chicago.
It's kind of on the lake and it's got a pretty killer man-made river
that runs through there and they got all their restaurants
and stuff on the water.
So it's pretty similar.
But yeah, I was pretty happy when I heard the news of going there.
It was pretty sweet.
Well, Bowles, I wasn't shocked when you said you had a couple offers over here.
When I played against you when you were in Stockton,
when you were sent down by Calgary, man man you got a little bit of time to play and and fuck man you had 11 goals 11 assists that year in
in 60 games and you know people always say oh he's a plug in the NHL you know he can't play a lick but
man like I you were you were a solid third line player in the American League man I appreciate
that I'll have you said that because i mean as as you know we obviously
get we get deemed that you know meathead fighter obviously can't do anything else in anyone else's
eyes you know what i mean so it's nice to know and obviously people uh people see that and
appreciate i felt the same you know once going down there obviously you're going to get a little
more playing time uh it's funny you actually mentioned when i was in stockton because uh
you were playing on Ontario and I remember somebody
I forget who it was but you and him
were chirping back and forth and
you said something about
don't talk to me until you're making six figures
or something like that I was sitting on the bench
dying laughing I didn't want to jump
in on the because it was pretty serious
and I had no interest but
it was so funny when I heard that
I think I was getting into it with one of that
big six foot seven guy and
and then you kind of came over and I was
like Bullock don't talk to me you're a fucking goal
scorer now because you've been lighting it up for me
and then even last year
you split some time between
the Barracuda and Milwaukee and
you had another another 11 tucks last
year so for those fuckheads who are listening
who are like oh oh, big deal,
he had 11 in the American League one year.
Well, you did it back-to-back, double digits.
Consistent, yeah.
That's the first time I've heard that.
That's awesome.
But, no, obviously, you know, it's a bummer feeling to get the call and say,
hey, you're going back down to the minors for, you know,
when you've been in the NHL for however long.
Anyone's going to, you know, have some distaste about it.
But, obviously, you know, when you get to play and you, you know, pump a couple in the net, you're starting's gonna you know have some distaste about it but obviously you know when you
get to play and you you know pump a couple in the net you're starting to you know enjoy that part of
it obviously it makes it much more bearable when you're playing a little bit more and you're getting
back to you know doing the stuff you were doing as a kid you know more so than in the NHL sitting
on your ass for for 57 out of the 60 minutes so uh, yeah, it's definitely a nice feeling.
Yeah, so, Brandon, you did something, you know,
basically we're seeing a lot more common now.
You basically weren't drafted, and what was it, your sophomore year,
you left St. Lawrence and then signed with Chicago right away,
and within, you know, a week you were going from taking classes to playing games at Rockford.
That was probably rare when you did it.
It seems to be a lot, like, more common now, like these undrafted guys.
But what kind of adjustment was that for you?
Just one day you're taking classes and then the next week you're riding buses
in the always hungry league.
Yeah, it's pretty wild, man. So I, yeah, like you said, I was undrafted.
And the only, I mean,
the main reason anyway that Chicago kept an eye on me my sophomore year was
because the summer before that, so it was between my freshman and sophomore year, I went to that rookie camp.
I did well.
I actually think I finished first in all the fitness testing, which, trust me,
I wasn't training for that.
I had no clue that was going to happen.
And I ended up doing well, had a great camp, went into my sophomore year,
pumped up, and being at St. Lawrence wasn't you know necessarily a hockey hotbed they definitely had
solid teams over the years but you know I went there and I got a good
amount of playing time so going into that year I was
pretty pumped up I felt great about how that summer had gone and then
they basically kept an eye on me the whole the whole year I had a good year
and at the end they what was great about it
was they put no pressure on me. They didn't say,
you know, come out and leave school now, or we're, we're done with you,
whatever they basically was, you know,
we had a mutual conversation and it was like, you know, if there's interest,
this is, you know, they kind of said,
if there's interest in coming out of school, you know, let us know. We,
you know, we love you as a player kind of thing. And, uh,
ended up working out, signed here and, and, you know surely when you we leave school undrafted you're not
expecting to uh to end up playing in the nhl but you know luckily for me left my sophomore year got
some decent uh you know a couple weeks in in rockford uh the end of the season and then actually
we yeah exactly and we actually played uh we  that was the one time I think Jamie Benn
played in the American League was during the playoffs that year for Texas
or for Austin, whoever they were, with Dallas at the time
for their American League team.
We played them first round, and that guy was
I think it was his rookie year in the NHL.
Their year ended, and he came and played the playoffs in the American League.
He absolutely lit it up.
It was ridiculous watching this guy tear up this league.
And he was like 18 or 19 or whatever.
Yeah, yeah.
So, yeah, he played like I'm pretty sure just that playoff season.
I think they went to the final.
I don't know what happened.
The guy was an absolute stud.
They might have won it because they did win it in recent memory.
Yeah, man, I think they might have.
Or at least they went far.
And I remember hearing it.
And, again, he had only played one year in the NHL. So, he wasn't as known as he is now. yeah man i think they might have or at least they went far and i remember hearing it and and again
he was only he had only played one year in the nhl so he wasn't as known as he is now but yeah
he ended up he was it was it was pretty cool to watch but uh but anyway yeah so then you you leave
school like you said you're going from sitting in class every morning and uh to then being in a hotel
room living somewhere random playing playing pro hockey and riding the bus and like yeah rockford you're driving two three hours the day of the game to peoria and you got to fight
ryan reeves who oh yeah he was there no easy man i fought it i fought him probably more than i
fought anyone else in my career oh god like to have even survived that is uh i'm pretty happy
about that no wonder they fucking called you up man you're
like it's i know right i know for mario brothers you get to the fight you get exactly
i know so they actually they actually had peoria my first year pro they had reeves and anthony
peluso and those were not those were the two most well known but they had plenty of tough guys and
it was honestly like it was a shock if I didn't fight twice that game.
And it was me and Wade Brookbank and Kyle Hagel.
So we had some meaty dudes.
I fought Hagel.
He's a fucking honey badger.
He played with the Charlotte Shack last couple years.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, he did.
He's an awesome dude, man.
Yeah, great dude.
He's a tough cookie.
And he always had to fight guys way bigger than him.
Every time, man.
Every time.
From the first to the last fight I saw that guy get in was the exact same.
He ate him, and he just wore him, dude.
And he would just hang in there and throw as much as he could.
You got to give him respect for that, for sure.
I want to ask you, because you played with the Lincoln Stars in the USHL,
and for obvious reasons, you went to college,
because you probably didn't  did you get drafted to the WHL or OHL?
No, so actually, I had played my first year in Lincoln,
had a decent year, fought a ton.
It was my first year of junior A.
Yeah, I could see that.
175 minutes in penalties, and then over 200 seasons yeah i know i
actually i still hold the uh the team record which i'm coming to shock that's a ton yeah that's not
exactly me and jared bull was there the few years before that so it's kind of cool that uh they went
from him and then he left and i came in the exact you know right after and so i was pretty cool for
the talent and all that.
What I want to ask you about that, though, was then you go to college,
and all of a sudden you can't fight anymore.
I mean, you still had a decent amount of penalty minutes for college.
Now, all of a sudden you've got to put the fighting on hold.
Like, is that something that Chicago talked to you about coming back in,
being like, hey, we're going to want you to start doing that again?
No, absolutely not. And actually to to finish up so after my first year in Lincoln I had I had some interest in in a couple OHL teams and um I haven't I've known Basil McRae for a long time and
so he uh I actually reached out to him and he has a piece of or did at the time of the London Knights
so he's like hey if
you're looking to even go major junior you know at least come to our camp because this place is
unbelievable and so were they offering money to come like were they going to pay you under the
table no and they so he and again he was like i i he was more you know i knew him he had kind of
coached me in some tournaments and stuff so he was he was looking out for me and he's like we're not
going to do anything you're not even going to play an exhibition game if you want to come then yes
we'll talk about all that stuff but no he was oh so there was so on the record was there mention
of any maybe like grease in the per diem a little bit never i think they bought me a burrito at
chipotle or something okay so there was there was no no they technically did break
the rules all right thank you that's all there's no there's no scoop here i can read the headlines
now but actually it's playing their players with fucking chipotle gift certificates exactly
exactly but actually so they brought me into camp man they set me up it was awesome and i loved it
and if i was gonna leave and forego obviously my my college eligibility that that would have been
the spot but as it turned out i ended up yeah passing on that went to leave and forego, obviously, my college eligibility, that would have been the spot.
But as it turned out, I ended up, yeah, passing on that.
Went to school.
And to answer your question, man, it was actually huge for me as a player
and my development, man.
So I put fighting on hold and actually kind of totally forgot about it.
And was like, man, I have to make  yeah, exactly.
I was like  I know, it's funny.
I still did
but i still did the stuff in the summer but obviously during the year you're you're not
getting any of that experience but yeah so i i took advantage of it man i actually set up my
classes to where i could uh you know come in the morning and get like my own kind of skate and i
bring a goal oddly enough we had five goalies on our roster which so it was easy to get a guy out
uh so i bring him out in the morning,
and it was huge for my development as a player
because I had tough hands and feet, as it is.
If I didn't have those two years to kind of develop all that,
I would have been in a tough spot.
So it ended up working out for me,
and then as we talked about,
I was lucky enough to have that contract offer from the Hawks
and signed it and never expected to ever get the call that I was playing in the NHL.
And then, you know, thankfully, my second year pro halfway through, I did.
And it was kind of pretty surreal after that.
Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
You had to kind of persevere a little.
Were you 25 when you first got your first game in the NHL or 24?
Yeah, I think I was 25 yeah I had just turned 25 because actually my my oddly enough my first
NHL uh my first NHL game was on February 29th it was uh on leap day so it was pretty crazy that
uh that's how it happened I was called up on the 28th and then I played the next day on the
on the 29th of February which is which is pretty nuts but so yeah it was I had just turned 25 I
left you know left school and then played my first year first year in the American League and then
second year you know kind of halfway through they actually traded John Scott that that that deadline
and called me up that day I remember I remember seeing the news we were actually we're actually
super hungover at brunch the next day.
We had played the night before in the American league and somebody was like,
Hey man, John Scott got traded. And I was like, Oh, that's pretty sweet.
Maybe, maybe I'll have a chance to, you know, make the team next year.
And I'm not kidding. We got home.
And as soon as we walked into my front door, still super hung over,
my phone rang and it was our GM. He told me, he told me the news. So it was pretty wild.
Were there any times you thought about packing it in like any, you know,
any points like shit, man, I don't know if this is going to happen.
Like I should quit and start a podcast.
Man, as much as I've actually been getting in a podcast lately and I'm like,
wondering what the hell I was missing. Cause I think these things are awesome.
That's why I was pumped when biz asked me to do it. But no,
to be honest with you, no, that never happened.
The only time I ever remotely questioned anything was during my first year pro.
You know, I was getting healthy all the time.
Actually, our coach
Start.
Yeah, our coach  and I left school.
I had a full ride at St. Lawrence, which was like 50 grand a year in tuition.
So I was passing up on those two years,
giving up a hundred grand worth of education. And so I'm there,
I'm getting healthy all the time. The coach is constantly ripping on me.
One time I messed up a drill in practice and I was already on the fifth line.
He goes, Holy shit, if there was a sixth line, you'd be on it.
And I obviously everyone's dying laughs, but I'm like, I'm like,
what did I do, man? I just left school.
And obviously you could have had that locked up and and now i'm getting you know getting jerked i'm getting
all the time but that honestly maybe one time but no never i was never miserable you know
obviously stepping into i knew playing pro hockey what my role was going to be so you already have
to make your peace with that so once you you know once you once you get that in your head and as you full well know you know
once you once you make peace with that you're you kind of all in or or yeah you are gonna hang
him up pretty soon and start a podcast you know what i mean well yeah bulls you uh you had a good
time in chicago and and from what i hear we're a bit of a man but now you're you're locked in you
got you got you got married recently.
You did it the right way.
You had your fun, and now you're all settled down, focused on the right things.
I totally agree with that, man.
And, yeah, it actually, not to sound, you know, soft or anything,
but I know we have a reputation of old.
But, no, actually being married, it has been, like, the coolest thing ever.
We had an unbelievable night on our marriage.
It just worked out perfectly.
We got married at a country club here.
Actually, the Hawks do a big charity tournament at this real nice country club up north of Chicago.
We got in there and had it there, man.
We just had a couple of buddies, hockey players from out of town come in, all our buddies from here.
I'm from St. Louis, so everyone from back there back there came in it was unbelievable time and it's been
pretty killer since we did uh kawaii uh on our honeymoon we went there for a bit and that's like
the northernmost island in hawaii and that place is absolutely absolutely nuts man like i cannot
get over how oh yeah kawaii kawaii is absolutely beautiful that's
what they filmed crazy man did you did you check out the the helicopter ride where they go over
the jurassic yes man cool coolest thing ever yeah the jurassic waterfalls and my wife is obsessed
with those movies so we did that all right how much how much are they paying you how'd you go
to hawaii i was making mad sheets like a decade ago so i was
the honeymoon man you fucking spring on the honeymoon plus oh yeah he's making fat stacks
on the side we'll talk about that later you were meeting your colombian coke dealers there weren't
you that's for another podcast i wasn't selling drugs no no no still another stuff but not selling
no but kawaii beautiful. Actually, you know.
Man, I couldn't get over it.
You must be an Animal House and Caddyshack fan, right?
Oh, yeah, for sure, for sure.
Doug Kenny, he actually wrote both of them.
He was part of the National Lampoon, and he actually died on Kauai.
They said they don't know if he fell.
Oh, no way.
Yeah, he actually, they don't know if he fell or committed suicide
because Caddyshack kind of bombed that
actually when it first came out.
He was really bad on coke too
and he fell.
The fella jumped off a cliff
and they found him like a couple days later
because I actually wanted to go by
and like pay my respects to him,
but it's like kind of a real tough place to get to,
so I never was able to get there.
I hear it.
Well, I mean,
as terrible as that story is,
if I was going to choose a place to go out,
that would be on the top of the list.
So at least he's got that for him.
Yeah, Hawaii's.
But no, they were telling us,
we actually did the zip line deal,
zip line setup,
which was like on this like 4,000 acre property.
And they filmed a bunch of movies there too.
They filmed like the most recent Jurassic World
or whatever that's called. And then they were telling us about all bunch of movies there too. They filmed like the most recent, uh, Jurassic world or whatever that's called.
And then, uh, they, they were telling us about all kinds of movies, the rock, just
filmed the movie there.
And it was just wild.
And then we did the tour and then we did the helicopter tour.
And that, that thing that, that just blew our minds, man.
You can't even, you can't even believe like what the, what the whole, that island looks
like from above.
It's just crazy.
Beautiful.
This is a question more for you, R.A.
There was a documentary about this Mench guy.
It was on Netflix.
So that's the first I've seen about Hawaii
and what makes you want to eventually travel there.
What's the name of that documentary?
It's fucking unbelievable.
Super Mench.
Super Mench.
So anyone listening, if you haven't seen Super Mench,
I believe it's on Netflix.
Grinnelli, have you seen it?
Grinnelly has not seen it. Is it? Yeah. It's about a Hollywood agent.
And you know, basically everybody in their mother knows who he is and yeah,
he lives out in Hawaii, but it's one place, Brandon, like where you,
that actually exceeds the hype. You always hear how beautiful.
A hundred percent, dude. It's like, it's almost,
it's almost pointless taking pictures of it because I feel like you take the
picture and then you look at it and you're like, man, this is nothing.
How, how beautiful it actually looks.
I just couldn't get all of it, man.
They're, they're big on like preserving the land.
So they have like no waste and they recycle everything.
It's all just so naturally beautiful.
I'll be doing all my yoga there, right guys?
Yeah, exactly.
I'll be doing all my yoga there, right, guys?
Yeah, exactly.
The number one rule, too, if you do ever visit Hawaii,
the number one rule is do not turn your back to the water,
no matter what, no matter how calm you are.
Oh, shit.
What are there, fucking ghosts and shit there? No, dude.
It's a crazy surf, man.
One wave will come in, it will barely touch your toes,
and the next one will come in and knock you the fuck over.
Oh, really?
The Hawaiian Islands are the most desolated chain of islands
anywhere on the planet.
So, like, these small
Oh, it's wild, man.
You never know.
This podcast turned into the Travel Channel real quick.
Yeah, fuck it.
Inform in at the table.
Right, Bully?
You guys getting fucking cut in on the deal in Hawaii travel?
Sign me up.
Sign me up.
Bulls, any plans for
You know what?
Fuck the kid question.
I want to ask you
I don't know if you are having kids,
but I want to ask you about  So, you won a, fuck the kid question. I want to ask you, and I don't know if you are having kids, but I want to ask you about, so you won a Stanley Cup in Chicago.
I did, man.
Let's talk about this party.
I want to hear some cake stories.
Let's get juicy.
You actually won a Boston.
All right.
Well, I still see Kaner almost every time we skate here,
so I can't tell anything like that or he'll have my ass.
But, man, I just feel like when people, here so i can't tell anything like that or i'll have my ass but he uh man i all like it i i just
feel like when people and i i still get just as just as pumped to talk about it now as like as it
was you know i feel like the same feeling because it's such i feel like you couldn't possibly like
you know put into words how cool all of it is because well you're even having a tough time now
that's what i mean you
well just think about it it starts with well one you see the stanley cup come on the ice then your
captain grabs it then he starts handing it around and you're like holy shit i'm about to lift this
thing up well you're getting it like you're getting it like 15th or 20th oh 100 so you had
to wait a while in the back oh yeah that was, that was my first year. Think of the amount of legends on that team.
Oh, dude.
Is that Hose's first one?
Yeah.
No, that was his second.
That was his second.
Oh, not a big deal.
He was on the 2010.
They did it in 2010, and then I was there for the 13 one.
And then they dealt me away, and they won it again in 15.
So I was pretty bummed.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
But no, so it's coming out of the tunnel, man.
Like that part's obviously wild when you get to lift it.
And then they, like Chicago chartered all of our families there.
So, you know, they were ushering all of them down to the Zamboni tunnel to come out.
So then your family comes running out.
That's obviously an awesome experience.
And then, you know, you get into the locker room.
That's probably honestly the most fun you have, at least for me,
because it's just the boys, it's just the coaches, it's just the management.
Because any time after that, once you guys leave that,
it's like you're never, like, alone with it.
I feel like there's so many people everywhere you go.
So the party in the locker room is obviously killer.
You know, you're literally spraying champagne bottles
and dumping it on, like, you know, the management's head.
They're doing the same.
Yeah, yeah, you're chugging a few beers or whatnot.
It's just an awesome time.
And it honestly feels like everyone is the exact same level.
You know what I mean?
It's like players, coaches, management.
It doesn't matter.
You're all equally as pumped to have just won this thing.
So there's that. And then, obviously, you know, you get home. You're all equally as pumped to have just won this thing. So there's that.
And then obviously, you know, you get home and we did it in Boston.
So we fly home and like, it just is nonstop cool stuff that you get to deal with.
Like as we're landing on the tarmac, there's a ton of like firefighters and police trucks
that they spray in their fire hoses in an arch that we landed under this and all their lights are going wild
and we get to the end of the tarmac and there's thousands of people on the tarmac so you're like
holy shit and so like it's just so much cool stuff and then you know obviously you got it you
you know you're taking it out and adapt you know your family stays in town for a couple days so
you know you're doing all kinds of cool stuff with them and then uh you do the parade the parade was
uh one of the coolest experiences of it all.
And, you know, that was the one where Crawford came out and was like,
fuck you, Chicago, or whatever he said.
They got the media going and all the crowd hyped up.
And so the whole thing is cool.
And so once you get your parade back, and that's not even bad
compared to what Washington was doing this year.
I know. I know, I know.
I heard they're putting a rule on it.
Yeah, I heard there's a no keg stand with a cup rule or something.
They had the introduction to the Hobie.
That guy didn't make up a fucking rule book with the thing now
because of those guys.
I know, I know.
That's how you know you're doing it right.
So going back, I know this will be painful for some of the audience,
but going back to that game six, obviously was a wild finish an epic ending have you ever been
part of involved in a game with such a huge emotional swing in such a short period of time
how can you how can you yeah how can you possibly like that is you know where it's 3-2 in the series and obviously an awesome series Boston
was was nasty at the time and uh you know so it's an awesome series to be a part of and I got in a
couple games I actually was was not playing in game six so my experience was actually pretty
well I'll tell you that in a sec but yeah as far as like the emotional roller coaster it was just
like you know they were winning with what i think like a minute and a half
left minute 32 or something vick vickle ties it who was having an absolute monster postseason and
that's when he ended up signing a huge huge contract after that but yeah he was having
an absolute monster playoffs ties that ties the game at two and then uh what was it 70 17 seconds
later is when boland scored that crazy one and was so pumped that he
like shed you know he dropped his you remember that when he sellied and dropped those gloves
and stick and he because he was like tied up with the D-man he was just so excited he he dropped
everything so I was pretty wild but so the whole yeah obviously from a fan standpoint that's
absolutely nuts they go from a minute and a half you're like all right well game seven here we go back in
chicago uh to tie ball game to thinking okay overtime to 17 seconds later we're about to win
the scaling cup so that's obviously did you have your did you have your gear on yet because okay
so so i'll tell you that so so we're all in the locker room and during the playoffs they keep you
know a ton of guys so it's like me uh jamal mayers, Carcillo, Ben Smith a couple other guys so we're all in there so we're we're
still in the training room um it's we're thinking we're gonna lose obviously there's a minute half
minute and a half left so Bickle scores we're still in the training we're all sitting there
just watching on one of the TVs in there in Boston and pickle scores were selling like crazy.
Again, we're thinking, okay, awesome.
We got OT.
Selling like crazy, hugging, hooting and hollering like we're the ones that scored the goal.
And then, no joke, we weren't even done.
Literally, I remember we were still like hugging each other, like just so pumped up
and bowling scored.
Like as we were doing that.
And we all literally looked at each other. we all literally listen to this fucking story dude
i i have them too it's like so it was bowling score we weren't even done like literally hadn't
even sat back down bowling scores we all looked at each other like oh shit so we in boston you
know you know the training room is across the hall from the locker room whatever so we sprint over
the the equipment guys were going berserk luckily they
knew they had to get our they had to get our shit yeah dude they're flying getting our jerseys into
our stall getting our bags out of like they had them packed up ready to go back to chicago so
getting our bags out everyone's going nuts i remember jamal marries i'll never forget man
where he's like where's my just he's like getting trying to get the skates on and just going nuts
we literally had like by the by the time when bowling scored He was like, where's my jersey? He was trying to get his skates on and just going nuts. We literally had like  by the time  when Bowen scored,
there was like a minute 20 left or whatever it was in the game.
And so, obviously, we run over there.
We start getting dressed as fast as we possibly can.
Jammer is like, I'm going to fucking cry.
I'm going to fucking cry.
We're all going crazy.
Get the gear on and get out there.
It's crazy, dude.
So, finally, we get our stuff on.
We're all doing it as fast as we possibly can i don't even have my jersey on but i you could see the
clock in the locker man it was like say three seconds or whatever so i see it i have everything
on i'm definitely not waiting for the rest of the boys i sprint out i sprint out of the tunnel and
there was like three seconds left when i left i don't even have my jersey on so as i'm running
i'm trying i'm putting like one one arm through one arm and there's a million doctors and trainers and shit in the in
the hallway in the way to get onto the ice I'm literally swimming through these guys like pushing
them like all I wanted to do was get out to the ice so finally I get my second arm in there I'm
pushing these guys out and I I shit you not as as soon as the buzzer went, I happened to be right there and jumped on the ice with all the boys,
and it was the coolest, like, craziest roller coaster ever.
The emotional high is indescribable.
I've dabbled into the drug game and, like, nothing even happened.
Man, it was just wild.
And then, like, even now, like, just still telling the story,
you get so pumped because it's such a life-changing thing.
And not necessarily any way other than, like, you know,
obviously mentally you're, like, so satisfied to have been able to say
you've done that.
And then you get to see your name carved on that thing for the first time.
And then you obviously get your ring, which is a huge deal.
But, like, you know, it's just the coolest experience ever to be able to say you did that.
And you've got to lift it.
You,
you see guys like for instance,
watching Washington do it this year.
You know,
you get the,
you get,
you have that feeling of like,
I know what he's going through.
I know how pumped like this guy is.
It's it's.
So I only won an American league title.
I'm proud of it.
I saw that.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
It's hard to describe to people the emotional high you go
through when winning a championship because it's difficult i would imagine you'd get the same
feeling when probably having a child uh but i but and and of course put that on parallel with winning
a stanley cup but it is yeah i could i could understand why a lot of guys and i've heard this
uh when they win their second one they don't drink as much because
they want to absorb it all because it's so you don't really you're having such a good time without
the substances that you just want to sit back and be like wow as seabrook said that when he came on
the podcast yep so he uh by the way one of he's one of my favorite guys i've ever played with that
guy's absolutely awesome best dude ever but he, I literally remember him saying the same exact thing to me years ago.
Cause that was his second. And he told me about that.
And I remember thinking like, that's so true. If,
and after the whole thing, cause obviously then, you know,
you got to plan your day with the cup and all that stuff.
And it's just flies by and it's crazy. It was like,
felt like planning a wedding, but so it goes nuts and got,
and I remember thinking that if i was ever in this
position again if i ever wanted again i would definitely do a more more personable or personal
low-key thing with the family because you know when like for instance one of the one of the
things we did with it we took it to the you know that we did the children's hospital and then we
did took to my rink my community rink and there was you know thousands of people there that luckily
showed up just take a picture with and all that stuff so like but you obviously want it it's your first time you want to share it
with as many people as you possibly can but but when you do it the second time no doubt no no
doubt i would have done something uh more low-key with the family friends and all that kind of thing
but either way the the coolest experience ever yeah i was at that game in boston man and it was
it was incredible.
I mean, I'm a huge hockey fan, obviously.
I've been to probably, I think, eight separate Stanley Cups,
and I've been lucky to see the Cup awarded four separate times,
including that one.
And just from a pure, like, nonpartisan perspective,
it was just such a stunning turn of events.
I remember I was here with my mother and my brother,
and we were just slack-jawed because it was just like, holy shit,
they're going to pull this to a game seven,
all this bang.
All right.
Yeah.
Would you be able to, I'm sure, every time that, like,
Boston's been eliminated in the playoffs,
can you remember where you were at the time that they were knocked out,
and especially in the Stanley Cup series?
In my old years, yeah.
When I was a teenager, man, those years,
nah,
I was too busy fucking drinking.
I'll tell you this when I was still playing.
So the 12 years I played pro,
the worst day of the year for me was when I had to watch someone else hoist the
Stanley cup.
It doesn't bother me so much anymore,
but I remember what,
where I was when you guys won and I was at a bar in Vancouver and I was
walking by cause I didn't even want to watch the games I was like fuck this and sure enough like I heard the celebration when
you guys tied it so I was like oh fuck there's a couple minutes left I'll pop in till at least
till it hits OT and then that's when Bowling scores and I was like fuck this and I walked out
and then you got to have the best three weeks of your life you actually uh yeah that was important
you actually messaged
me after that i think on twitter and saying congrats and i remember thinking that was pretty
awesome of you to do so i think that was our first yeah yeah so i think that was our first
time talking no matter what they say about you i know you got some goodness in there
so you got no juicy cane stories for us nothing not one like one funny one
So you got no juicy Kane stories for us?
Not one, like one funny one?
Well, I mean, as far as all that, the partying is just outrageous. But I feel like I was so interested in my own, like, experience of it.
You know what I mean?
To even, like
Oh, I just spent all your time playing.
No, I know what you're saying, but I was so
Oh, the whole time playing there.
I mean, luckily, you know, he was one of the guys
I became the closest with.
So he was,
but by the time I was there,
my first,
probably my call up year
and maybe my first full year
when he was still
kind of getting after it.
But after that,
he's since calmed down
tremendously.
But the one thing
I'll say about,
one thing I'll say about him,
man, is that
so many people
ask me about him.
So, you know, obviously of all the guys I've played with, everyone, you know, the thing I'll say about him man is is that so many people ask me about him so
about you know obviously of all the guys I've played with everyone you know the majority of
people ask about him and all I could say is that he's he's so much different than than like I guess
his reputation because he's like the night the nicest like super quiet dude like just just a
nice polite reserved dude obviously back when we, we were going out and all that,
like all I could say is what it was like, yeah, he had a great time,
but nothing worse than anyone else did, you know?
Cause people are always like,
when he got drinking a lot, like,
like something would always happen where he would be like, Oh geez,
like this guy must be a bad guy.
But that's what I mean. It was always just, he just was,
he was way more under the microscope
obviously being in chicago and i could do the exact same thing as him but if you know it's just
random little things that i think probably added up but i mean i could you couldn't say enough
good things about the guy and he like just works his balls off and he you gotta appreciate how good
he actually is no time i'm pumped yeah it's wild. But don't get me wrong.
We had a great time together.
But, man, he's just a great dude all around.
Yeah, I've seen him a couple times.
I think he made a decision at one point in his career,
and I'm sure it was that horrible situation he had to deal with the one summer.
And he kind of just said, you know what, I'm not going to party as much.
I'm just going to focus on this hockey thing.
And the times that I've met him, he's been such such a nice guy but he does come off as very shy and quiet
where when he thinks his personality comes out a little too much yeah and obviously you watch him
play hockey too and he's you know i won't say cocky but surely confident and abilities as he
should be as he 100 should be i'd be 20 times worse if i was that good exactly so people
my cock out on the ice yeah i couldn't believe he said that in an interview by the way that's
unbelievable but but uh but no so it's you obviously you know you see how he is on the ice
and then you know any chance someone gets to think negatively or or you know they're going to hear
anything that's going on with him you you know, any of the stuff,
any of the little incidents that he was involved in,
people are going to take that and be like, oh, he's a terrible dude, whatever.
Like, plus he's cocky, must be an asshole, which is not the case most of the time.
So I had a great time.
Chicago won the cup.
Still can't believe Julian didn't take a timeout after that tie and goal.
But anyways, moving along.
You went to Calgary.
That was the next stop in your career.
You spent a couple years there.
That's a city we always hear great things about on the show.
We've had Johnny Gaudreau, Johnny Hockey, Johnny Hammond.
Everybody loves Calgary when they play there, visit there.
What was your experience like there?
So, yes, and all those, you know, everything,
all the good things people say about it are true. When I got traded there, so I had just signed a three-year extension.
So the year after we won the Cup is the year that we lost to L.A.
in Game 7 of the conference final.
Like we were  I think everyone was picking us to repeat as Cup champs,
and then we played those guys, and they ended up beating us in ot in game seven of the conference final
and then that's when they beat new york like four to one in the series or whatever it was
and so then i had after that year i had that was my best pro year uh definitely in the nhl and they
uh um signed me to a three-year extension and And as soon, you know, after the season ends, I bought a place.
And then I get a call on draft day and said I was dealt.
So my first experience with it was obviously what in the hell just happened.
Like, this is brutal.
And I get the call and then I look, I look at what, you know,
I didn't really know too much about the team.
I look and they finished like 27 or 28 out of 30 the year before.
So I went from, you know, almost repeating cup champs to, you know,
to be a traded to a team that was nowhere close to playoffs.
So my first reaction is like, oh man, like what in the hell?
Like this is going to be terrible.
But once I got there, once I got to know the guys,
you mentioned Johnny is an unbelievable dude.
He's probably the second person I get asked about the most
when guys ask about my former teammates.
So I got to know a bunch of the people, and then the city is just beautiful, man.
Like it's near Banff, and if you ever get the chance to go to Banff,
that's one of the most beautiful places you could see.
It's just amazing.
Apparently the STD rate there is through the roof, like one of the highest.
I heard that so many times.
I heard that so many times.
You could tie up the foreskin if you go there, folks. I know, right? I the highest i heard that so many times i heard that if you go there
folks i i know right i know i heard that too it's a bunch of uh i think it's a bunch of aussies that
come over work there and just just get drunk every night and have a good time i guess but
exactly exactly so calgary obviously you know playing for a team with that kind of history
was pretty killer uh i love
living there you know although it's uh i mean although i know it's canada and so similar but
it was also you still are living in another country just as you being from canada live in
the state there's still different you know there's that's no differences about it yeah exactly so i
know so you get to experience that and playing for a Canadian city with that big of a following.
And obviously, my first year there, again, we were just we were finished.
They were picking us to be one of the top three teams for the McDavid sweepstakes that that upcoming draft.
And we ended up making the playoffs and we ended up making second round my first year there, which is pretty wild and a pretty cool experience because it had been forever since the Flames had made the postseason.
And then you hear about the Red Mile, they call it, out there.
And so that place was just wild.
And it was a great experience all around.
Nice.
So we're just going to wrap it up here now, Brandon.
Listen, man, you've gone from undrafted.
Oh, you're buzzing.
I love it.
From undrafted to engraved, you know, getting your name on the cup.
And here's hoping, you know, you'll latch on with somebody.
And, hey, we might see you back on the show.
And if not, go over and have some fun over in Europe in the meantime.
So thanks again for joining us.
It's been a pleasure.
And hopefully we'll have you on again sometime.
I appreciate that, fellas.
I had a good time.
And, yeah, I would love to come back.
It's always nice catching up.
That interview was brought to you by Quip.
When it comes to your health, brushing your teeth is one of the most important parts of your day.
Quip knows that.
They've combined dentistry and design to make a better electric toothbrush.
Quip is the new electric toothbrush that packs just the right amount of vibrations into a slimmer design at a fraction of the cost of bulkier traditional electric brushes.
And guiding pulses alert you when to switch sides,
making brushing the right amount of effortless.
Quip also comes with a mount that soctions right to your mirror
and unsticks to use as a cover for hygienic travel anywhere,
whether it's going in your gym bag or your carry-on.
And because the thing that cleans your mouth should also be clean,
Quip's subscription plan refreshes your brush on a dentist-recommended schedule,
delivering new brush heads every three months for just 5,
including free shipping worldwide.
Quip is backed by a network of over 10,000 dental professionals,
including dentists, hygienists, and dental students.
Most toothbrushes don't get named one of Time Magazine's
Best Inventions of the Year, but Quip did.
Find out for yourself why.
Quip starts at just 25, and if you go to
getquip.com slash chicklets right now, you'll get your first refill pack free with the Quip
electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets,
spelled G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
dot com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Once again, thanks to Brendan Bolick for coming on.
Some great stories there.
You know, a tough customer, and we wish him nothing but the best in luck finding a contract this season.
Who knows?
Maybe it'll be a two-way NHL, and he'll be up in the show in no time.
Yeah, I love the Hawaii chat too.
It's a great place. I hope some people
can get out there and visit. I love talking about it too.
Yeah, we turned into
the Discovery Channel there
for about 20 minutes, but maybe
it wasn't 20.
It reminds me of my
favorite Hawaiian porno biz,
Kamana Wanalea.
Holy
dad joke
dad joke alert
alright well hey I guess we should end
on that note
hope my fucking nose
all right wrap
it up boys talk to you guys later
peace
