Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 113 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to the fellas this evening.
First, we'll go to our producer down in New York City, Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, buddy?
Hello, gentlemen.
Tough night to be a Bruins fan.
Ugly start. We'll get to that in a few. Buddy Ryan Whitney on the outskirts of Boston. What's up, buddy? Hello, gentlemen. Tough night to be a Bruins fan. Ugly start.
We'll get to that in a few.
Buddy, Ryan Whitney on the outskirts of Boston.
What's up, pal?
How are you, Bruins fans?
Suck on that one.
Holy shit.
Nice job, R.A.
Holy fuck.
Suck on that goose egg.
And finally, a boy who's in the Big D right now.
He's in Dallas for the Coyotes opener tomorrow night.
What's up, Biz?
Not bad, boys.
Went for a coffee this morning, drove to the airport,
jumped on a private plane, not a big deal.
Got the filet on board.
I think a few of the stewies. I want to go on one so bad.
I think a few of the stewies were upset at my farts.
But, hey, that's what happens when you eat filet a mile high in the sky.
But, boys, Yotes, Yotes is going to win the cup.
It's over. Let's just fucking pack it in.
Do we even need to do the rest of the podcast or have we just ended here?
Biz, I've had a couple of texts
from former players like, is Biz legit?
Like, why does he keep picking
Coyotes players to win awards?
Like, is he that dumb? I'm like,
no, no, he really believes it. He really
believes it. Oh, they were talking to the guy
who sucks 100 the most on this podcast
and making predictions, and you guys kind of collectively chirped me?
Oh, interesting.
I was almost sent to chirp.
I was almost sent to chirp and laughed at it and went with it
as opposed to backing you up.
Your buddies are like Meek Mills buddies when Drake
roasted them in the fucking freestyle rap
or whatever. You got him, man.
That guy's an idiot.
Yotes.
Yotes are fucking... They might not
even lose a game this year.
We got a little something in common with the NHL
though now, no?
That's kind of a funny story that you bring up.
New Amsterdam Vodka wanted to announce their partnership with the NHL and we actually found out first. no all right that's kind of a funny story that you bring up because uh new amsterdam vodka uh
wanted to announce their partnership with the nhl and we actually found out first that they were
going to be sponsoring our podcast and uh gary betman i think called new amsterdam vodka and
put a nix on it and uh gary you know what that's cool you know we don't we don't mind we're still
going to enjoy the sponsorship we're not going to get greedy we're going to share all the all the fucking page views and whatever you guys call it down to the barstool offices
we're going to share that with you gary but uh we we know the spit and chiclets brand's popping off
and i know you hear our footsteps so keep your head up gary yeah no but also send wilson off
to you essentially i'll decipher for our listeners basically we have the same sponsor as uh the nhl
which i think is pretty cool to see our new logo on iTunes.
If you check it out, it's got the new Amsterdam vodka logo right on it.
It's pretty good to look at.
So we're happy to do a sponsorship with them.
Do you like looking at it?
I do.
It is sexy.
It's real clean looking.
It does look just fresh.
When they talked about the logo integration.
How many times do you do that in the mirror today?
A thousand.
On the private jet.
On a private jet.
It's a small bathroom.
All right.
Did you do your homework?
Did you have a pink lemonade in New Amsterdam vodka that Witt was talking about?
I haven't yet.
No, lemonade really not that time of the season.
Like I said, I like it on the box.
So you didn't do your homework.
That was the one thing you had to do.
It's like the hockey version of the All-Nord Palmer.
Fuck.
Not the All-Nord Palmer.
I got into great and I can't even get Arnold.
Christ.
Hey, not to be that kid in the class that's like,
oh, I did the homework, but I did do the homework.
Whoa.
I tried a lemonade, pink lemonade and New Amsterdam vodka.
And I must say, went fantastic.
Come on.
Really?
Did you think that I'm giving out drinks that aren't good?
I mean, but when did you try it?
Where were you at home last night?
How many pictures?
I sent me a picture of it, too.
Is it a one off or is it one that you can kind of go all night with?
All night.
All night, you get that little buzz.
Yeah?
Not too much sugar?
A lot of sugar, dude.
That's a lot of sugar.
You're already falling out.
You're going to get pimples on your ass.
Oh, yeah.
Next to his Plymouth State tattoo.
No.
You have a tattoo of Plymouth State on your ass?
You didn't see it when he showed us over at Warrior?
First of all, what ass?
I have a fantastic ass.
Grunelli goes from his lower back into his calves.
I'm not one to talk.
This is shenanigans. I actually have a fantastic ass.
Oh, yeah.
You couldn't even get made when you spent
4 fucking K at a club.
I absolutely do.
You're like backwards knees. You don't put get made when you spent 4,000 at a club. I absolutely do. You're like backwards knees.
You don't put bumper stickers on a Ferrari unless it's a Grinnelli Ferrari.
Oh, okay.
How long did you practice that one in the mirror, Mr. Integrate?
That's pretty good, actually.
I've been saying that one since high school.
Hey, I have a bone to pick with you that you left in the one when I fucked up with R.A.
trying to read that ad.
No, that had to be kept in. told me that that's funny fun i was frustrated i almost chucked the chair at my rental place that i'm renting i didn't that's the only thing that held me back
what any uh any vibe from the fellas like first flight out you know you're so fired up to begin
the year it makes me this actually makes me really miss playing hockey, like opening night,
camps over.
You finally get the squad that you're going to have,
especially going on the road, just getting on the jet with the fellas
and the Coyotes, just fired up.
Go ahead, Ari.
Yeah, before we get to the season kicking off,
we do want to mention that we're bringing on Scott Hartnell a little later.
He just retired.
He just announced his retirement this week.
Yeah, you got it.
I think I heard Scott Hartnell.
Scott Hartnell.
I'm rubbing off on you guys.
Scott Hartnell.
We're not the name podcast.
Wits and BizGog were able to interview him,
kind of spur the moment the other night.
They got some good time with him.
Hartnell was, I thought, a great player.
I hated him early in his career.
I should say when he ended up in Philly,
he was a typical Philly scumbag, I guess,
but I grew to like him.
He was a hell of a player.
He could put 30 goals up on you.
Be a thorn in his side.
It seems like every fucking one of his teammates loved him.
Everybody on Instagram, Twitter was raving about him.
Yeah, Birddog.
17 seasons, you know, Nashville, Philly, Columbus,
he played for those three teams.
Just like a well-liked guy.
Hell of a player, hell of a teammate.
So I'm looking forward to seeing what you guys had to say with him later.
I would say as far as new school flyers,
other than like the Broad Street Bullies,
he's like the prototypical Philadelphia flyer.
I mean, Wayne Simmons kind of in that that
realm but Hartnell in his prime was probably fighting a lot more than Simmons was and it was
it was still a man's game back then yeah it's very very interesting to hear him say also that
it he considers it entertainment I mean like I think there's a lot of times when he loved being
a part of the side show it biz you went went into it with was a Malcolm Mania.
You'll go into that.
But it was a great it was a great interview.
And and the Foligno story that was tweeted out that you'll hear is very, very disgusting.
And speaking of all red bearded fellas from Philly, which have you seen Gritty's pizza review at El Prez yet?
No, I haven't. Good?
Classic. It's classic stuff.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Speaking of that guy, I
fucking was... That junk box.
But I was digging up some dirt on him.
Gritty.
Fucking three kids with three different
women doesn't pay a fucking cent
in child support. That scumbag.
Seriously.
I think it was on NBC's website.
Let me show you my surprise face.
Man, I don't mean to laugh. That's bullshit
though.
How could the Flyers hire such a
scumbag, Whit? That's what I'm wondering.
To take everyone's
eyes off what could
be a gong show. Actually, I think their team
is pretty sick.
Either way, they just wanted to get a scumbag mascot,
and it worked out perfect.
His googly eyes, rigs, it's just an ugly.
He's also a monster.
He looks like he's about 6'8". He's huge.
He's got to be.
I think he's inbred.
He's a little inbred, isn't he?
You know what he looks like?
He looks like the-
He drinks honeydew 100.
You guys know honeydew donuts?
It's for straight trash people.
He looks like the big Goliath guy from Texas Chainsaw Massacre
but with a little bit more inbred in him.
Doesn't he?
Did he have anything to say to you, Grinnelli?
No, no, he didn't have anything to say to me.
He went over and patted
Zaha on the head, and I know that's a thing
you're not supposed to do with
little people, so Zaha wasn't happy with it.
So I think Zaha was going to take him out.
Wait, Grinnell, you're not going
to tell about how he took our New Amsterdam
vodka? He took the full case that
was for us, and then they found all the empties
out in the back. He's a drunk.
Yeah, he's definitely a drunk. That's the problem.
He's a fucking drunk, dude. He took our stash
of New Amsterdam vodka.
You know what he didn't do?
Drink responsibly. That's the one
fucking thing they told us
to tell everyone was to drink responsibly.
And this fucking guy goes and
drinks an entire case. He's a scumbag.
He's brushing his teeth
with New Amsterdam vodka. That's probably
not the best look. That's why he's gritty.
There's also the eye in the sky cameras at Barstool
and apparently one of them, you see
him just rifling through people's drawers
looking for pill bottles and shit.
I'm telling you, eat that junk box.
Oh my God. Honestly, like listen,
it was funny to start maybe a little bit, but
NHL's got to get involved.
First mascot.
Has a mascot ever attacked a fan, like, legit, with a knife?
Oh, fuck it.
I heard another rumor, too, and it's probably true.
It's got to be true. He fucking crushed one of the other mascots' mascot girlfriends.
Philly fanatic.
He was dating some complete pig,
and Gritty's all up in that now.
No.
It's bad, dude.
What?
They met the other day, and now the Fanatic wants him dead.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Oh, so he probably followed Fanatic's girl on Instagram,
slid in the fucking DMs because he's the new hottest mascot in town,
and then smashed her?
Oh, my God.
Tell me about the beginning of the season.
Philadelphia, you should be disgusted with yourself.
It's always scummy in Philadelphia.
All right, moving along.
Yeah, let's move along.
Huge news today.
Scott, give him any more air time.
Huge news today.
Tom Wilson, 20 games he got hit the other day that we discussed um that's fucking
a huge sentence i mean this is obviously the league talent tom wilson okay are you gonna
fucking listen to us now because you haven't yet i mean that's a huge all right i don't know i don't
know if you watched the beginning of the game when they did the celebration the ceremony they
brought him out in a fucking straight jacket.
Tom Wilson.
Did you see it, Whit?
They wheeled him out like fucking Hannibal Lecter.
Why do you have all his gear on?
You don't have to chuck your shoulder pads on.
Well, no. I mean, he must have felt part of the celebration.
It was a pretty cool picture around the banner
as well.
How about all of us thinking that it wasn't that dirty of a hit?
20 games for it.
Well, I think because, you know, 20 years ago,
that wasn't considered a dirty hit.
It was a good, hard hockey play.
And like you said, we didn't really, I don't know, break it down.
It happened right before we started recording.
We kind of just kind of took a peek at it.
And we probably didn't factor in, yeah, this is Tom Wilson.
They're going to throw the book at him.
Well, Biz did.
Biz called for a suspension.
I thought he was going to get  I said three games.
I was kind of just being conservative in the middle.
I thought maybe worse.
I was texting with Ryan Reeves,
and he seemed to think he was going to get double digits.
I said, ah, probably eight.
But now saying that, boys, I haven't seen the other angle yet.
Was there another angle or because of preseason, they didn't have enough
cameras in the.
I'll tell you, the angle that spoke to me was that dude's face.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And a lot of people use that as like evidence, which, you know, yeah, he
obviously get hit in the face, but that doesn't necessarily mean it was the principal point of contact.
It still could have been, he could have been hit elsewhere,
and then on the follow-through, it caught him in the face.
I honestly couldn't tell it happened.
I watched it a few times.
I couldn't tell where the principal point of contact was, to be honest with you.
I don't remember exactly what I said, but I do think the guy's cutting across the middle of his head down.
That's stupid.
But having said that, you can't hit people
like that anymore.
Even though you want to blame the player
for putting himself in harm's way,
I'm talking Sundquist.
Is that his name?
It's his fourth suspension
in 105 games.
Yeah, I'm trying to find excuses.
That's the final.
Up 7-0 Washington.
Oh, they kicked the extra point.
He's already dead!
Four suspensions
in 105 games.
By the way, boys,
1.2 million I think he loses.
Close to 1.3, I believe.
So he got a check for 5 million on July 1st when he signed.
His fucking agent's the Hamburglar, man.
Great for that guy.
Great job by his agent.
But it's still, I mean, he's not getting one paycheck the whole year.
Doesn't matter, right?
He's already got 5 million in there.
Who cares?
It's just every two weeks, you don't see a thing again.
got five million in there who cares it's just every two weeks you just don't you don't see a thing again um i'll say this is i don't i i'm usually pretty positive with wilson this is the
only negative i have to say about the hit is pre-season pre-season i don't think it's necessary
second of all in today's game chances are if you rock a guy open ice,
you're probably going to be sitting for games.
And last but not least, I think that this one was tacked on
for all the times they quote-unquote couldn't get him.
Like playoffs, the borderline ones.
This was one just saying, hey, dude, you can't be the new Rafi Torres.
Change it up.
My biggest fear for him going forward is do you think he goes another four years
without doing something similar to this?
Four years?
I mean, they're hoping for 40 games.
Right.
So now what?
If he does the exact same hit, is that a 40-gamer now?
They're going to have to, right?
They're going to have to double down.
Rafi Torres got doubled down.
I don't remember or know that when you finally,
like what you've done in previous time or years
comes off your record kind of.
I think at one point, if you're not suspended
for a certain amount of time, you're then like.
Yeah, you get a clean record.
You're not a repeat offender.
But he might need like 25 years until he
i don't think he could last long enough for the league to for them not to consider him so you're
saying like tom wilson's like the 80 year old driver where they're like sir like you literally
get an accident every week like we cannot ensure no tom wilson's coaching in 50 years and just like
saying fuck you to the ref instead of getting a bench minor, he gets like a 17-game suspension.
They're like, you still haven't changed, Wilson.
Fuck.
I just feel  listen, I know him personally.
He's such a fucking great guy.
I know a lot of people hate his guts.
It's just I hate talking about this shit.
I just want to talk about function.
I want to talk about guys getting their deeks wet at the fucking rookie parties
with the r Ruskies.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, absolutely.
We hate talking about this shit.
I mean, we obviously have to.
But, yeah, he fucking did a bad thing, and the league fucking gets sick of it.
And like you said, Biz, it's an exhibition game, and it's also St. Louis.
It's not even a guy he has a beef with.
You know, it's like you wonder if guys like that,
when they see an opportunity for the hit, they almost can't control themselves.
Their eyes just light up, and they, you know, like,
why is he going to bury that guy?
Like, not a rival, not a team, not a player, you know.
He just  no need for it.
Can we all agree on that 20 is excessive?
Yeah, I mean, a little bit.
I think eight would have been  I would have been fine with, like, eight to ten.
If I heard 14, I'd be like, oh, they kind of got that right. It's a lot, but
hey, he needed it. 20, that extra
six. 20 is
a quarter of the season.
Yeah.
That would have been half of my season.
They had to send a message
though. I mean, they don't think you got it.
He was just suspended in the goddamn
second round of the playoffs. He played
105 games. It was his fourth. 15 games he played, I think, in was just suspended in the goddamn, what, second round of the playoffs. He played  105 games.
It was his fourth.
15 games he played, I think, in between suspensions.
Played the fifth.
I don't know.
We'll see if he learns his lesson.
Who got that  Rafi Torres got that huge win.
But he got a 41-gamer in fucking preseason.
What are you doing, Raf?
It was preseason?
It was  okay, so he got the 15-gamer for Hosuh.
Was that the Hosuh one?
Keep in mind, keep in mind, we were in playoffs.
So that's like you murdered someone's family.
That's 30.
That's 30.
And then the next one, he smoked someone.
I want to say he got someone from the Ducks when he was with San Jose.
Preseason game.
It was very, very similar.
I would say it was worse than Wilson's.
It was less of a hockey plays than Wilson's.
And when he did it, I was like,
oh no. That was basically
the end of him. 40 fucking
gamers in preseason. I think
he might have given up
I think similar
or maybe a little bit more than what Wilson gave
up in salary, which makes me sick
to my stomach.
Boys, we're talking about the chicklets bump.
Did we already mention Jack Eichel getting the seat?
Oh, Marshawn chucking them.
Lars Eller and Marshawn.
Should I play-by-play this?
Oh, Eller throws a right.
Marshawn, oh, Marshawn, two rights.
Boom, boom, down goes Eller.
Not bad.
Not a bad fight call, Wes. Not a bad fight call, Witt. Not a bad fight call.
Jazz by Marshall. Bing, bing.
Is that blood on the ice?
I was in the midst of saying the chicklets
bump. Austin Matthews just
scored the...
Was it the OT winner?
Oh, wow. OT winner. Two tonight.
Chicklets bump. Fucking rights,
boys. The chicklets bump is going. Big day for chicklets, boys. Holy cow. Hey, a little quickoutine winner two tonight. Chicklets bump. Fucking rights, boys. The Chicklets bump is going.
Big day for Chicklets, boys.
Holy cow.
Hey, a little quick pat on the back.
Oh, boys, he sent me a DM because I reposted an Instagram photo of my buddy saying congrats
to Spit and Chicklets, who are number one overall podcast on iTunes in all of Canada.
And Austin Matthews DM'd me last night saying, hey, where's my check, my royalty check?
And I said, I'll tell the boys on the pod.
So, Austin, congrats on the two tucks tonight.
Man, in his three opening games of the season,
I think now he's at seven total goals.
Oh, yeah, four.
Wow.
Wait, wait, math.
He's got seven in his first his first three so yeah so austin
you're welcome the legal beats getting the first one out of the way quick too yeah so anyways the
league opened up tonight montreal um toronto was the first game the leafs did win that like we just
said three two and overtime i know a lot of people like the leafs in the puck line which i like said
that payoff was only a buck and a quarter return. Too low. It's not worth it.
It's too hard to win by two goals in the
NHL. So if it happens, I want more than
100 and a quarterback. I took them both ways.
So I think I'm actually
a loser. So there's a different
strategy to gambling and hockey,
R.A.? Can you explain
that for listeners that wouldn't know that?
Like, I don't gamble hockey. Give me the gist.
Absolutely. Now, the main line is the money line.
It's similar to baseball.
You're just betting the team to win.
For example, tonight, Washington, they were, I believe, 140.
So you had to put up 140 to make 100 on the Capitals tonight.
Conversely, if you take the Bruins, you put 100 on the Bruins,
you would get back 120 as the underdog.
But there's also what's called the puck line,
and me and Witts are a big fan of the puck line.
The puck line is when you lay a goal on a half.
You're basically saying the team's going to cover by two or more goals.
Wow.
Which is tough.
A lot of times you're relying on the empty netter.
Exactly.
I call it our blessed lady of the unguided gate.
Yeah, that's not a we.
That's a him.
You call it the what? You call it our blessed lady of the unguided gate. Yeah, that's not a we. That's a him. You call it the what?
My fellow internet people, I guess.
Sorry for including you.
But it's a puck line.
And, yeah, you basically live by the internet.
You die by the internet.
What's the name of it again?
Repeat it.
Our blessed lady of the unguided gate.
It's like a goof on churches, but Wits apparently doesn't worship there, so.
Okay, so more times than not,
you're hoping that they score on it.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
I mean.
Yeah, you're never betting plus one and a half in hockey.
At least I don't.
Yeah, some guys do it,
but it's probably the worst bet in hockey.
Makes no sense.
So, Biz, if you wanted,
tonight if you wanted to bet
that the Maple Leafs could lose by one,
right, and you'd still win, you'd have to bet like 350 to win 100
or 400 sometimes to win 100.
So I don't know why people do that.
Yeah, I mean, if you're betting a team to lose by a goal,
then you'd obviously think it's going to be a close game.
So why not, you know, fucking putting up 350 to make 100?
It's just, I don't know, not a smart bet. So yeah, Paul, basically there's two main bets,
the money line and the puck line. And yeah, the puck line, if you up a goal and you got the pulled
goalie, man, it literally, I fucking lose the rest of my hair, uh, fall in those type of games.
Because I know, but, but I just, I'm starting to, I'm starting to lean so much more towards
money line because of the fact that when it goes to overtime, I'm still alive I'm starting to lean so much more towards Moneyline because of the fact that
when it goes to overtime I'm still
alive it sucks
when you have the puck line and it goes to OT
and you're just like well I'm going to bed I don't even
give a shit who scores drives me
crazy and it's not worse
it was two seasons ago
I was up I was actually winning
I think it was Tampa they were up to Carolina
school at.1 second left.
They fucking scored to screw me.
So, one thing about the Capitals-Bruins tonight,
which we don't have to worry about any pulled goalies tonight, huh?
7-0 with about less than five minutes left in this game.
What a disaster.
Yeah, and when the team, like the Bruins, has to sit in the room,
I mean, it's like a 35-minute presentation, 40 minutes sometimes,
where they're coming out and Washington comes out, OV comes out,
skates around with the cup, the banner gets raised, pictures are taken,
everyone's announced, and the Bruins are just sitting there.
And this is after warm-up.
So, obviously, it's kind of a hard game to play in.
Another team's home opener.
I think the Bruins have two more home openers.
But still no excuse i mean they they got ran out of the building it could have been people were bitching about
rask could have been six nothing in the first period but definitely not the way you want to
start the season yeah i i think i want to mute fucking rask on my on twitter just like you said
the two goals it was a fucking oshishie one time from the dot wide open
and then a bouncing puck out front,
and people are already blaming him.
I saw him.
I'm not even going to look at Twitter.
He wasn't great, but Halak actually made a couple of fantastic saves.
I guarantee you they're going to try to pretend there's a goalie controversy
in this town soon enough.
So tough night for the boys tonight.
Like I said, we're hearing about Halak versus Rask soon enough.
Before we go any further, I want to talk to you guys for a second about Tommy John.
Because when it comes to below-the-belt comfort, there's a regular underwear,
and then there's Tommy John, the revolutionary clothing brand
that's redefined comfort for men and women everywhere.
Let me put it to you this way.
Tommy John doesn't give an F. They give three Fs, fabric, fit, and function.
No lie, I've been on the Tommy John's for about a year now.
The most comfortable underwear I've ever worn.
As a guy, they keep everything nice and snug.
There's the no-wedgie guarantee, super soft, feather-light,
moisture-wicking, breathable, comfortable, stay-put waistbands,
everything that you want in underwear and more.
It means there's no bunching, no riding up.
They also have the best pair you'll ever wear, or it's free guarantee.
You can't beat that.
Also, ladies, they just stocked up on underwear for you, ladies.
They sold out, but we got them back in stock.
Again, give the three Fs about your underwear and upgrade with Tommy John today.
So hurry to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off your order.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off. TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off your order. That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off.
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets.
A couple more games on the schedule, too.
Calgary, Vancouver, and Anaheim, San Jose.
Oh, you see what Carlson was wearing coming into the game?
No.
He looked handsome.
He's all over the internet.
What do you mean he's all over Twitter, R.A.?
How have you not seen it?
I don't.
I've been watching. I have to watch the game on my phone right now
so I can't monitor Twitter at the same time.
Boys, we've got to give a shout-out to Johnny T
scoring his first game as a Maple Leaf, too.
We can't forget that.
Nice play.
Nice cut back to the middle.
Great separation from the defender.
He's a fucking boost.
I wonder if there were any walk-off celebrations tonight,
a la Ryan Johansson the other night.
Oh my god.
He looked like Kika Chuck when he scored
when they were going to Vegas that night. Get us the fuck
out of here. Except it was regular season.
Johansson's probably like, get me
the fuck out of here. That's what I was thinking, Johansson.
Get these skates off my feet right
now. That doesn't even count for my season
stats. I want to be out of this gear.
It's wet and I don't like Carolina.
Probably ruined his blades walking back to the
fucking locker room. That was good
stuff. Quick note, Joe Thornton
finally took off that fucking monstrosity
of a beard.
I guess people thought it was a
big deal. You guys, what's your take on it,
Biz? I don't know.
I wasn't a huge fan of it
uh here's here's my pet peeve about facial hair in general it looked like he just used the clippers
and he didn't use a clean shave where i can't just use like a razor to get it down to like stubble
and then not like because then you know there's like some that are longer than others. I have to shave it with a Mach 4 or 5 every time.
Bugsy Malone's never shaved with a razor, he told me.
I don't think Teddy Purcell has either.
They only clean up with a trimmer, and I'm the same.
I have some that are like 6 inches long that are probably coming out of my nose
at this point, and I just need to go Mach 4 or whatever it is, Mach 5.
What is it now, Mach 8?
I think it's like, yeah, Mach 8. ESPN? What is it now? Mach 8? I think it's Mach 8.
ESPN, the Ocho?
I'm happy he shaved it.
I would beg him because I'm so OCD.
I need him to shave it completely and start from scratch.
I think there's some beards that guys can pull off some sick beards,
but when it got scraggly, straggly, nasty, it was just gross.
I mean, you can have, like, a long beard,
and I think it can look decent on some dudes,
but that thing was gross by the end.
And when I was looking for the pictures,
I found a quote from Guy Lafleur two years ago.
He actually said that Thornton's beard was a disgrace to hockey,
like, and he wasn't even, like, being funny about it.
Shut up, Guy.
Hey, wait, time Wait, time out.
Guy Lafleur, obviously I respect what he's done. Cigarettes on the bench
and everything. It's pretty crazy that he could
wheel around out there the way he did
hacking butts. The Rocket Richard?
Is that his name?
No, that was
Guy Lafleur was the flower.
Who are we talking about?
Guy Lafleur.
Oh, oh, oh. You are we talking about? No. Yeah, Guy Lafleur.
Oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, you're thinking of Maurice.
You're going to get so overshadowed.
Can't wait.
Keep it in, Grinnell.
But Guy Lafleur is a little bit bitter,
and I think he's upset that the guys who paved the way, so to speak,
and they did, didn't get compensated the way these guys are now
and didn't make the big bucks.
And he's been very vocal about that.
He's very negative when it comes to anything new school or could you,
can you confirm that?
All right.
The rocket would never be like that.
It is the flower.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's just one of those,
like you say,
he's bitter.
Like those guys.
I mean,
he was a,
he was one of the best superstars of the 1970s and he probably fucking laid brick in the summertime still because those guys made shit back
then. And yeah, he's probably bitter. He's had some questionable decisions too since he's retired.
We don't have to get into it now because we're getting ready to wrap up here. But yeah, it was
just kind of weird. You're picking on a guy for a beard. By the way, no one pulls off a beard better
than John Travolta for the record. One other thing.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. So random.
Are we not going to call that out?
What? John Travolta?
Let me guess, Eminem, too?
We're going to pick Eminem for a cool,
awesome beard? When does he have a beard,
Trevor? Right over your head's that one.
That one.
When a gay guy's married to
a woman and pretending he's heterosexual
the woman is called a beard and uh okay oh sorry sorry yeah that's all right national pressure map
to figure out half your fucking jokes yeah what the hell's going on sorry i thought you were a
little more in tune with the gay community paul i did think right away that guy's gay but i still
didn't get the joke i do love the pride parade every year when it comes to vancouver uh all right you love doing those jokes because then there's like five people on
twitter that are big all right i got you way more than five way more than five what yeah all right
yes seven we need proof of how many people who listen to this who heard that joke initially
got it and i would say at least, at least 95
of people didn't get that joke.
I don't know. I disagree. I think
there's a lot of references
that you guys don't get because, you know, you guys
were athletes. You were always playing sports
and professional athletes. You weren't watching
The Simpsons 25 years ago. You weren't
catching every pop culture thing. I think
you guys get it at a lower percentage
because, you know, given your profession.
But it's fun, man.
That was a nice way of saying we're fucking idiots.
I think he's saying we're fucking idiots, Whit.
I say we're athletic, but stupid.
I know I got an OHL education, R.A.
You don't got to remind me.
I don't know how to pronounce words.
I accepted a while ago on the podcast, Paul,
that not all my shit is going to land with my co-host,
but I just got to ride with it, let it go, and then, that not all my shit is going to land with my co-host, but I just got to let like just ride with it, let it go.
And then know that people out there listening and going to laugh.
All right. I love it. You're adding a different element to the pod. I love it.
Yeah. One other note to Seattle, who's basically going to get a team.
They had another formality the other day.
They presented before the Board of Governors, and I guess they blew everybody's socks off as far as how they're going to redo,
renovate the key arena, basically all the where the money's going to come from and the nhl was
kind of blown away by it uh it certainly looks like they're gonna get a team uh but there was
one interesting note i did read paul uh pia lebrun speculated that the arizona coyotes would be the
team to move to the central because if they can't get their arena situation settled then houston
would be a viable option for relocation potentially in a couple years.
I thought that was an interesting note.
Here's why I'm pissed if that happens.
More travel, and we don't get to hit California and Vancouver as much.
And you'd be living in Houston.
No, no, no.
You mean they would remain in Phoenix but move to the Central Division, correct?
No.
No, no, no, no, no.
Arizona would
Gonzo.
What would happen?
Gonzo, great.
Back it up.
Bye-bye.
Fuck you, Grinnell.
See you later.
You can go to some Texas games.
Stop up my interview.
I didn't even hear you say move in there.
What do you mean?
What would happen the way P.L. LeBron wrote it was that Seattle's going to
begin play most likely in 2020.
Of course, of course.
They'll be starting in the Pacific Division.
They'll move Arizona to the Central.
So Arizona will play as the Arizona Coyotes in the Central.
That's what I thought.
That's what I thought.
But if they don't resolve the arena situation and they get relocated to
Houston, they'll already be in the Central Division.
Boys, we keep selling more Eagle Energy ad reads.
I'll fucking buy the team myself.
And speaking of that, speaking of that fucking segue,
you better fucking send the check, Eagle Energy,
because that's the segue of the century.
Send me some more shit, too.
I need it.
But on a serious note, fucking Eagle Energy is back in, boys.
And I love our fans because they always send me DMs of them smoking.
This stuff's great.
R.A., you like it, right?
Fucking right.
I need some more.
Oh, you want another care package?
Holy shit.
You're just milking the fucking teat, aren't you?
What about you, Grinnelly?
You want some more?
Yeah, I could use some for the Barstool HQ.
Oh, Grinnelly was with Gritty all day.
He's got the real shit.
We call that gritty.
He was trying to light it on fire and smoke it.
Gritty, that's caffeine.
You don't snort it.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's all natural caffeine, Gritty.
He doesn't eat natural food.
That guy's a disgusting dumpster fire.
Anyway, Eagle Energy is buzzing in the United States right now.
Eagle Energy is getting a ton of messages from college students
that want to be a part of the company.
They are now offering partnerships with college students.
They can gain marketing experience and make money selling the product.
If they are interested, let them know or let you guys know.
They can email college at eagle.energy.
So C-O-L-L-E-G-E at eagle.energy.
If you don't know how to spell eagle.energy,
then you have the same education as me.
I'm going to add a swipe up tomorrow, and that's pretty much it, boys.
They're back on board.
We got New Amsterdam Vodka. We got the Herbal that's pretty much it, boys. They're back on board. We got New Amsterdam Vodka.
We got the Herbal Active.
We're buzzing, boys.
We're buzzing.
Eagle energy coming through for the fellas.
And now we're going to go to, as Ari calls him, Scott Hartnell.
Scotty Hartnell, bird dog, legendary career.
This interview was brought to you by Felix Gray.
What's up, gang?
It's fantasy football season again.
Even if you're just playing from your couch, you know how
exhausting it can get to sit through the waiver wire,
putting your winter lineup in, especially
like me, you get headaches or dry eyes
from staring at the screen for hours. Not only that,
you got probably four TVs going,
your iPad, a phone. It's football
season. Everybody's looking at everything. Stop
torturing your eyeballs, though. You got to protect
them with a pair of Felix Grey glasses.
I just got mine the other day, and they're fantastic.
I'm already feeling better.
You put on a pair of Felix Grey glasses, it's hands down one of the best decisions you can make.
Screens will kill your eyes.
Felix Grey, nope, not anymore.
They take care of you.
They protectorize by filtering out 90 of the high-energy blue light
and eliminate the glare coming off the screens.
Felix Grey glasses are available in both non-prescription and prescription.
They're handcrafted from premium Italian acetate.
And Felix Grey glasses don't have that weird yellow tint that lets everyone know you're wearing computer glasses.
You look like Tackleberry in Police Academy.
Don't want that.
As far as everyone knows, you're just a sophisticated dude with glasses on.
I personally have the lighter color, something different.
You know, these aren't shades you're wearing all the time, so you can kind of mix it up, get a little fancy with them if you want.
If you like getting stylish, try them out.
That's what I do with my Felix Greys, and they don't break the bank.
The best part, no more dry eyes, no more blurry vision, and no more stress headaches.
Order your Felix Greys today.
Shipping and returns are free.
Go to FelixGreyglasses.com
slash chiclets. That's felixgreyglasses.com slash chiclets to protect your eyes with a pair of
Felix Grey glasses. One more time, felixgreyglasses.com slash chiclets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
I want to welcome a very special guy to the podcast.
And fuck, man.
Newly retired.
What a run.
What a run.
The game has lost a legend.
Originally drafted in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft.
Sixth overall to the Nashville. What a dinosaur.
What a dinosaur.
Jesus Christ.
Nashville Predators picked him sixth overall.
He ended up playing close to 1,300 games in the National Hockey League.
Just a fucking warrior.
You look at his penalty minutes, his goals.
He is a fucking throwback, ladies and gentlemen.
Scott Hartnell, welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast,
and congratulations on a hell of a career, my friend.
Thanks, fellas.
I appreciate you having me on here.
I feel honored.
Hart, yeah, thank you very much.
This is going to be big.
I mean, it was a big deal when you announced your retirement the other day.
And as, you know, Biz and I have gone through it.
We're wondering your thoughts right now.
Are you happy?
A little sad?
Is it just reflection?
I mean, I'm sure you've had a ton of drinks i i know you i know that you're a beauty so give us what your where
your brain's at now well i did blow you guys off yesterday because i uh um had a little toot on
last night with some friends that came over and um so i apologize for that but uh yeah yesterday
was you know i kind of knew it was coming the last, you know, a couple months.
But, you know, when I sent a text to my parents just before I, you know, put it on social media,
just not that they have Twitter or anything like that.
But I got a little choked up and, you know, I called them and just kind of, you know,
had a nice little talk with them and, you know, just kind of reading through tweets and, um, you know,
things like that. Uh, the last day and a half, it's been, uh, been pretty unreal. I touched a
lot of lives, uh, you know, made a lot of people happy and, and, uh, Rick, it's been 18 years and,
and, uh, so not a bad run for a kid who couldn't stand up and skate.
Yeah. I only got, I only got 200 games you got fucking nearly i think he has double me
he has double me and you combined oh you're 200 by 2000 the way you played biz thank you hey you
could always you always know who like the great guys were when every single guy they've ever
played with sends out a tweet and our uh our producer here found one that was pretty fucking disturbing
and you confirmed it Grinnell you want to read it yeah so uh Nick Foligno sent out a tweet to
you Scott and he said uh at the bottom of the message he said p.s I'll never forgive you for
making me sick and having to miss a game from one of your disgusting farts. You quote tweeted it and said, very true story.
I love you so much.
So what's the backstory behind this?
Well, I've kind of, I guess I always had a bad ass, I guess, and a lot of gas.
And unfortunately, I didn't play with you guys for you guys to experience.
But on the planes, you're playing cards and, you know, everyone is like, holy shit, Hartsey.
I'm like, is that you again
i'm like yep and never denied one oh no never you gotta be proud of that power that you have but
um with nick we were i think flying in detroit and you know it's kind of a cold so i blame it
on the cold weather but you know i just had just it was kind of an unusual case of just bad gas,
I guess, and he was swearing at me.
He's like, don't do it again.
And he woke up in the morning or whatever,
and he literally couldn't get out of bed.
Trainers were up there.
They tried to get him an IV to play that game,
but he said he just couldn't do it.
So he blamed it on my farts that put him out for a game.
So I guess I do have some unbelievable power down there. Jesus, you give him an airborne bug via farts that put him out for for a game so i i guess i do have some unbelievable power down there
jesus you give him an airborne bug via fart crawled into his soul and died and
then he had to miss an nhl game jesus christ hearts uh i want to talk about your uh your
guys rivalry between philly and pittsburgh and uh specifically the one time with malcomania
and and how entertaining that type of shit was that you brought to the game.
Yeah, I think that was right before game 81 or 82
when we were playing them that playoffs.
And, you know, this guy obviously is dressed up like Malkin or like Hulk Hogan
but had the Malkamania shirt on and, you know, was, was just, you know,
being a nuisance all game long.
And I think we're up a bunch of goals that game.
And, you know, I did the old Hulk Hogan, like, can you hear me now?
And, and a pretty cool picture.
I don't know.
One of the photographers got it at the, at the right time.
And, you know, it was pretty, I don't know.
I just, I loved having fun with the fans. I loved, you know,
kind of interacting with them. They're there to watch us.
We're there to put on a show for them. And, you know,
that interaction was pretty cool. And, you know, unfortunately the,
the Twitter fans from Pittsburgh, you know,
I didn't know the guy was a cancer survivor, you know, and then they're like,
Oh, way to go making fun of a cancer survivor. And I'm like, I'm not making fun.
I'm not making fun of him. I'm having a great time with him.
I'm sure he loved it, you know? And, and, uh,
unfortunately I heard that he passed away a couple of years ago.
So sad to hear a great fan like that.
He had your back on it. He said we were just having some fun. I mean,
how, how would you know? And it, like you said, it's a pretty iconic picture.
We'll have Grinelli send it up when we post this interview on Thursday.
Cool.
So, Hartz, I mean, everyone who ever played against you
or watched you know you played a certain style.
You were in people's face.
You were always involved after the whistles,
just blocking shots, scoring dirty goals,
everything it took to be kind of the ultimate team player.
And I look at your penalty minutes,
and they were always up over 100 when you get drafted in Nashville
and in Columbus.
But in Philly, it was always around 150, 160.
What made you just act that much more ridiculous in the Flyers' uni?
I don't know.
I just say you hear the Broad Street Bullies,
and it just kind of gets tapped right into your blood as soon as you throw
that orange jersey on.
And it was like, oh, I had to do at least, you know,
a few 10-minute misconducts, help during the year.
So just a couple times on a blowout or, you know, whatever game,
it was like, you know, you tell the ref, you know, where to go
and how to get there and, you know, get a 10.
They're like, oh, that helps the old Pimps.
I'm sure you've done that too, Biz.
I used to beg for them from the bench.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, give me a 10.
Say abusive official or something.
Just give me a 10.
No, no, no, no.
That's great.
Hearts, I want to talk about those glory days in Philadelphia.
Those must have been a fucking time.
Like your squad,
Mike Richards, Daniel Breer,
Knoobl, Jeff Carter,
RJ Umberger, Joffrey Lupo.
Oh, man. Braden Coburn's an awesome
guy. Oh, fuck. Scotty Upshaw.
Just talk about that team
and the times you guys have.
Yeah. The up dog. What a beauty. I don't know if you guys had on,
he's got a, what a, what a guy's guy. Oh, I know. Right. Uh, uh,
but yeah, those guys you mentioned, it was, uh, we had a young team.
We had a lot of guys that were, uh, you know, single at the time.
We had a lot of fun. It was, uh, you know, it was like, uh, you know, one guy's like. We had a lot of fun. It was, you know, it was like, you know, one guy's like, hey, we're going here.
And next thing you know, there was, you know, 14, 15 guys going.
And, you know, we'd have a great night.
And, you know, we'd put on our skates and go work in the next day.
It was, you know, you had fun off the ice and, you know, play hard and work hard as well.
So it was just a great group of guys. And we found chemistry, you know. play hard and, and I work hard as well. So it was just a great group of guys and, and we found chemistry, you know,
I don't know. It was just a great time. And, and Philadelphia, you know,
is just a great hockey market and just loved,
loved being a flyer for the seven years that I was and just enjoyed it very
much.
So I complete bandaid, couldn't stay healthy to save my life and I look at you uh the amount
of games you played it's just ridiculous over 1200 like biz said you you got must have got
lucky with injuries especially the way you played did did you ever suffer anything bad in any of
those seasons it was all always a high number of games played yeah I broke uh i broke my right foot twice where i missed missed like
probably four to five weeks uh in two different seasons i had a high ankle sprain which is
uh i don't know if you ever had one of those but yeah yeah it was painful and you know when you
come back you'd sprain it every other time you're on the ice so that was kind of the probably the
most nasty one and uh a couple concussions early on you know having your head down going through the middle of the
ice and so anyways after a couple of those i'm like okay i better pick my head up and
watch where i'm going out there so um but yeah for the most part it was uh you know i've been
healthy been um you know i wouldn't say i took care of myself like the guys do nowadays, but, you know, just was able to sneak away and, you know,
avoid, you know, those big knee injuries or a shoulder
or one that just keeps nagging on and on.
Hartz, who's the one guy?
Oh, sorry.
No, go ahead.
Go ahead.
Hartz, who's the one guy that you played against for a long period of time
who on the ice you fucking hated?
And it was every game you guys played against each other you knew it was going to be a battle
and and and it has that rivalry left the ice uh i don't even want to give the guy more credit than
uh than he tries to get with his books and everybody but sean avery he's uh probably the
the biggest donkey out there um i don't know him uh the ice, but I heard he's a real great guy.
But, you know, playing against him, it was always just like, you know,
he's always chirping.
He's always in your face.
He's always asking you to go, and then you drop your mitts,
and he skates away.
And it's like, oh, there he goes again.
So it was just one of those guys that was like,
you didn't know what you were going to get.
And, you know, I pumped him a couple times.
I saw the one.
You gave it to him pretty good.
Yeah.
So it's funny how, you know, you talk the talk,
but you have to come answer sometimes.
And most of the time he wasn't there.
So that's a little shot at Avery there.
But, no, but he was fun too.
It's fun to get chirped.
It's fun to, you know, get right back after him.
And, you know, probably a guy on every team, you know,
if you look back, man, I hated that guy.
And, you know, I'm sure he said the same thing about me.
Yeah, that's exactly the guy you want to have on your team
that you despise playing against him.
Explain to me, heart and all down, for people who don't know,
I think, did your teammates let it be known that you were falling down quite often or where did that all begin well it was uh a fan
if you believe it or not that in philadelphia and he he was on the road the first time i ever saw
this sign you know bristleboard sign homemade said heart and all down on it and it said 148 on it
and i'm sitting around in warm--up in Ikeware and Phoenix,
and I'm like, what the heck does this sign mean?
I'm like, Hartnell down 148.
That's weird.
You know, and then like four games later in Anaheim,
it was Hartnell down 162.
And I'm like, why is it going up?
Like, you know, usually the countdowns go down.
And so anyways, I sent Nasty, our trainer,
to go ask this guy uh during
warm-up what the sign means so he you know gets up runs around the rink and he comes back in and
he starts giggling as and i'm you know now in the intermission to get ready for the first period and
he's like kind of waving me over and so i i stepped out of the room and in the change room and he goes
he goes you're never gonna believe, and he starts giggling.
I'm like, what?
He goes, this guy counts how many times you fall down on the ice a game.
And he goes, sometimes it's like five or six or seven times a game.
Sometimes you're on your feet and you're doing good,
but other times it's like 10.
And so anyways, he watches every single game and has a little puncher
and counts how many times you fall down.
And I'm like, this a-hole.
I'm like, what?
Like a bouncer puncher counting the people coming to the bar.
Hey, and you know for a fact every fall the rest of the year,
you're like, motherfuckers writing it down.
The number just went up.
100.
So anyways, I got a hold of this guy, and I was like, this is kind of funny.
And I was talking to my agent and his wife and she's like, she's just hysterically laughing.
And she goes, wouldn't it be funny if like we made t-shirts and, you know, just put them on, you know, a website and just, you know, sell these 500 t-shirts and, you know, we'll just give the money away.
Right.
And so I was like, like well i'll tweet the
website i'm like so she got the heartland down website she you know made 500 shirts and boom
one tweet and you know and she has the alerts on her phone it's like ding ding ding ding ding ding
500 sold like in like five minutes and she's like oh man i better uh order you know so she ordered
like 25 shirts and or 2500 shirts and you know things are she ordered like 25 shirts or 2,500 shirts.
And, you know, things are restocked.
Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
Like everything gone again. And I'm like, she's like, we just made like, you know, 20,000 or whatever.
Like, she's like, let's maybe kind of get this into something.
So we started the Hartnell Down Foundation.
We took some kids from Philadelphia flight to go to these camps in Minnesota,
the Minnesota hockey camps where I was taking part myself to, you know,
prepare for the next upcoming season in August for a couple of weeks.
These kids would come in and, you know, they're having like the time of their life.
They've never left like their, you know, city blocks in Philadelphia.
Now they're on a flight, Minnesota, meeting people from all over the world and just seeing that like just touched my heart i was like
wow this is this could be something big and anyway it just kind of got bigger and bigger
wrote a children's book i don't know if you guys read it i'll sign you a copy after the podcast
here um that's actually probably my reading level so I'll definitely read it. I could probably finish a book for once.
Long story short, it turned into something that was pretty neat.
I was really proud of it.
I think it changed a lot of kids' lives.
That's amazing.
You're still obviously continuing the foundation and everything?
Yeah.
We had around 40 kids this year come from Columbus.
They all jumped in one big bus and it's like a 15 hour drive and they get up
there and,
you know,
they're whacking the puck around.
It's like a whole day's,
you know,
they're on the ice twice a day.
They have off ice training twice a day.
They got nutrition,
you know,
there's food.
It's,
it's quite the intense little camp.
And,
and you know, I, I loved it when I the intense little camp and and uh you know i i
loved it when i was playing it's like a little kind of a boot camp to uh to get your ass in gear
for training camp and and these kids are out there just doing what the pros are doing and
uh just absolutely love it um i want to transition out of that uh into the time that you threw your
glove to bugsy malone on a breakaway in a hockey game.
How much shit did you get in the locker room after that?
Were you playing that game?
Yes, yes.
I don't know what your dressing room was thinking.
I don't know if you've seen the whole shift,
but I was out there for probably a minute and a half.
I'm sure you guys have been at this point as well but when you get tired you get stupid and that's
when i you know take the stupid penalties you know you do stupid stuff out there uh i was in
overtime or no it was uh 15 seconds to go in the game i've been out there you know trying to you
know get the goal right you know be the hero at the end of the game and i drop my stick and i go
down to pick it up.
I'm straight legging it.
I'm in the corner, farthest place away from the bench.
And Bugsy comes by and sticks out his skate and kicks it just like six inches
away from my glove, but I couldn't move my hand to go pick it up.
And I'm like, oh, I'll just start skating.
I'm just skating so slow towards the bench.
Anyways, I think our D-man coughed it up, and he's on a breakaway,
so I can't go change, obviously, and I got no stick
because this bugger just kicked it away from my glove.
And so I'm like, you know, I just think, like,
oh, it's the last ditch effort to, you know, stop him from scoring.
So I just, I don't know, let her fly, and I didn't know what the rule was, right?
Next thing you know, he missed the breakaway
missed the penalty shot I still didn't even look up
I was so god damn tired
and obviously I didn't get a shift
he missed both
he did yeah
and you guys ended up pulling it off
yeah we ended up winning in overtime
I think he actually took a penalty in overtime
and we scored on the power play
so I loved it.
So the boys were having a good laugh.
Two minutes from Malone.
Oh yeah, great. Great story.
Hey,
so I wanted to go into the beginning of your career
and Nashville Predators picked you.
It was, I mean, not
even chirping you, it just seems so long ago.
2000, 2001.
Who were some of the vets on that team?
I mean, you made it as an 18-year-old too, didn't you?
Yes, I did, yeah.
Did you expect to when you went to camp?
You know, I was so young and naive, right?
I was the Hampton Inn beside the Centennial Sportsplex and, you know,
going out to eat and, you know, I didn't have any concept of anything, money, nothing really, you know, going out to eat. And, you know, I didn't, you know, have any concept of, of anything, money, nothing really, you know,
and we got, you know, the per diem things. It was like, you know, 300.
For two weeks. And I'm like, Oh, this is amazing. Like, let's go.
Like I want dessert tonight. You know, you just, I had no clue. Right.
But the veteran guys that Tom Fitzgerald was my first captain in the nfl
cliff ronning i played with him a little bit uh that was pretty cool greg johnson bill holder
kill greg barahowski great yeah he was there um but yeah it was uh some some guys uh you know
some throwback names for sure because no one's obviously playing anymore but um
uh david leg one uh had a lot of fun with him as well like leggy he's funny bastard is he
david leg one no he's the best like give me a leg one story like was he a bit of a space cadet
like was he you know is he the jokester?
Yeah, well, my funniest story about Leggy, we were sitting there in Phoenix.
I don't know why all the stories are in Phoenix,
but we're sitting there around, you know, one of the pools or whatever at the hotel.
And, you know, we had lunch and Leggy was telling this story and no one was really listening, but he thought it was like the funniest story.
And Scotty Nickel was his roommate.
And I'll never forget, Scotty goes, hey, Leggy, he's like, you want to tell me that story
tonight about 1030?
It'll put me right to sleep.
It was classic.
And we just belly laughed for like 20 minutes.
And we're like, oh, my God, I'm going to use that line so many more times than I did.
Was Leggy pissed?
Oh, he thought it was still the best story ever that he told.
So a lot of things like that from Leggy, but he played the game hard and just an absolute beaut.
He's like, I don't need Ambien tonight.
Just retell that awesome story.
Yeah, it was like a five minute long story and
everyone was just yawning and uh you just blurted that out scotty did it was hilarious i was just
gonna ask how was your relationship with torts you know what it was uh it was good i uh you know
no i'm not you know bullshitting or anything but but he, he was, he's a great coach. He came in and within two weeks he had us all, you know,
basically scared out of our minds that, Oh my God, I don't want to screw up.
I don't want to do this. And, and changed the mindset of the team of being,
you know, kind of a losing blue jackets kind of team.
The whole history of the organization has been kind of not, well,
I don't't think they
want a playoff game to that point and um so he came in and and just kind of whipped us all in
shape mentally you know we were all out of shape so he had the hardest practices going on and
you know that's for for him and i our relationship i think he he really liked the way i played uh i
don't think he liked my penalties that i took uh you know we kind of had it out a couple
times but uh you know in a good way and and you know just talking to him yesterday uh you know i
just reached out so i appreciate the way that you uh you coached me you uh the way you handled me
and i wish i would have had you a lot younger in my career just to learn how to play the right way
and and uh you know he doesn't take any any crap he just he tells it as it is and and
that's the way it is right so um he's a he's a good a good man a good hockey man and a good
hockey mind so have you um i mean it's so early i didn't do anything for quite a while but have
you thought about kind of what's next if you want to stay in the game? And also, where are you going to be living for the most part now?
We're in Ohio right now, just outside of Columbus.
I still got a lot of good buddies there.
A lot of guys actually that played for the Jackets end up retiring there.
It's a beautiful place to live.
So we absolutely love it there.
As for what I'm going to do, I got a four-and-a-half-month-year-old son
that we're going to be  well, that I love to kind of hang out with every day.
So just kind of taking care of him and putting my feet up for a while here.
But, you know, I think I'll get the edge here in a couple months
to figure out something, whether it's, you know, on TV with NHL Network
or, you know, whatever. So I'm just excited to, you know, on TV with NHL Network or, you know, whatever.
So I'm just excited to, you know, be done.
I haven't worked out in a month, month and a half.
So I'm like, oh, I can already feel a little extra couple pounds coming in here.
So I got to get back to being active or doing something.
I know it's hard.
I'm like, oh, God, if I'm going to drink beers every night,
I think I have to do something during the day.
But I hope I'm at NHL Network during the season.
I hope you  you'd be awesome at that.
It'd be pretty fun to run into you there.
But I would relax for a little bit, though.
Take your time.
Just enjoy what you've done.
Yeah, no, thank you, guys.
I appreciate it.
Hearts, I got one last question for you before you go.
I need this like oxygen to breathe.
A Scotty Upshaw story.
Your best one of your days in Philly.
This guy listens to the pod every episode.
And if there's two or three, you can just start rattling.
two or three you can you can just start rattling i just love scotty because he he is the most caring like emotional guy and you know one of those guys that i'll always be friends with and
you know if you don't talk for a month or two and you you know you bump into him in the locker room
you know in the hallway in the locker room it's like you know he gives you a big hug he has his hands on you he's just
very kind of touchy-feely and uh and it's just very engaging you know what i mean and to see him
do that at 12 o'clock at night at a local establishment to uh another lady and it's like
like work every time just oh you know like it's just like oh wait works every time. You get it.
It's just like, oh, wait, how does he do it?
I'm like, oh, that's how he does it, you know?
So I love the guy.
I don't want to give away all the features. Whips out a massage table in the bar.
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah.
A little body lotion.
Just whips it right out.
Yeah, no doubt.
Hey, have you seen my new Rolex?
Oh.
He is the best, though. One of the best guys I've played with, no doubt. Hey, have you seen my new Rolex? Romp. He is the best, though.
One of the best guys I've played with, for sure.
Dude, we can't thank you enough for coming on.
I hope I know, you know, like playing against you, fuck, it sucks.
So I think that's what every hockey player wishes people that played against him says.
And congrats on a wonderful career.
We appreciate you coming on.
Biz has one more question for you yeah hearts remember the time when we were in az and i i didn't clear it get the
puck out you guys end up buzzing around a little bit and then after the shift i snapped my stick
over my knee and you just started fucking chirping me you're like oh easy tough guy because i broke
a fucking whatever it was i remember like it was yesterday. Classic move. It's hard to do that.
Yeah, yeah.
No, it's hard to do.
People think, oh, the graphite sticks, they break easy.
No, you got to actually just give it a good one.
I've done it one time and almost put myself out for a week
because of my quad.
But, yeah, it was pretty impressive actually.
Yeah, no, but you were laying into me.
And that's when we were  I think we were up 3-0.
And then I fought Rosie,
and then they ended up scoring five unanswered.
Or maybe it was 3-1.
Sick fight, Biz.
Yeah, yeah.
Way to get the boys going, Biz.
And you guys are fucking giving it to me, and I couldn't do anything
because I was stuck on the bench in the third.
So fuck you for that.
I just wanted to get that one last thing in.
I love it. Anytime you guys have me on, this was fun. I just wanted to get that one last thing in. I love it.
Anytime you guys have me on, this was fun.
I'd love to come back.
Love it.
Guest host.
We're going to hit you up on that.
All right, boys.
Take it easy.
That interview was brought to you by HIMSS.
Guys, have you ever looked at an old picture of yourself from a few years ago
and think, damn, man, I used to be a lot younger looking.
What happened to that dude?
Start to look like maybe your parents a little bit.
You're wondering where the wrinkles are coming from.
You know, some things just get better with age, like wine, for example, a nice scotch.
But it's not always the case when it comes to your face.
And most guys don't do nearly enough to take care of their skin despite everything the skin does for us.
Soap and water help, but they're not enough.
You need something more.
You want to go to 4hims.com. It's your one-stop shop for skin care, hair loss, sexual does for us. Soap and water help, but they're not enough. You need something more. You want to go to 4hims.com.
It's your one-stop shop for skincare, hair loss, sexual wellness for men.
And you could fight against aging as well.
That's the latest thing we've got here at 4hims.com, the anti-aging kit.
It's a custom prescription cream tailored to your skin that can keep your skin looking
youthfully smooth by reducing the appearance of wrinkles and fine lines.
The secret's not a secret.
It's Tretinoin, and its results are backed by science.
It can renew and restore skin by increasing collagen,
the protein that keeps your skin firm, and it only takes seconds to apply.
You don't have to visit some fancy dermatologist to pay sky-high prices to get it.
Just got to go online.
It's nice and simple.
HIMS connects you with doctors online.
They'll evaluate your skin needs and prescribe you a custom anti-aging treatment. You want to look young? You want
to feel like Robert Redford back in the day? Ask a millennial. Boom, get on it. No more awkward
in-person doctor visits and the products are shipped directly to your door. It's your skin.
Do you want to be a face in the crowd or the face in the crowd? Order now and save 20 off your first
month of the HIMS anti-aging kit. Lock on and save twenty dollars off your first month of the
hymns anti-aging kit lock on those looks now and get your first month of anti-aging for twenty
dollars off go to for hymns dot com slash hockey sc that's f-o-r-h-i-m-s dot com slash slash h-o-c-k-E-Y-S-C 4hims.com slash HockeySC.
Oh, man.
What a legend.
Throwing the glove at Bugsy Malone.
That's, yeah, that's...
I loved how he, when he described it
as when the oxygen basically stops going towards the brain.
He says, when I got tired, I did dumb things.
Straight-legged.
Everyone,
obviously, we promised you Adam Oates
last week coming
on the podcast. We thought that this
one was time-sensitive. We thought
Scott Hartnell,
as R.A. would call him, deserved
to be slid in in that spot.
I think we can all agree what a warrior on the ice.
He created a lot of excitement for us fans.
And, I mean, Christ, even as a player, I would pay attention to the highlights.
Yeah, he was in the crease.
But, no, but as a player, he earned that.
Yeah, he was just, I mean, like I told him at the end there,
just kind of what you think of when you think of an old-school hockey player,
a grinding, tough-ass winger in your face, falling over,
heart knelt down, scoring greasy goals,
being one of the biggest beauties in the locker room.
So amazing career.
I'm sure he'll enjoy the next couple months,
and then maybe I'll see him at NHL Network where I'm an analyst.
He's got a new baby.
I might get fired after calling Guy Lafleur the rocket, though.
That could be the end of me.
I've had a bunch of instances where I think the end could be coming for me there.
And to touch more on that, I wasn't shitting on him either.
I was just calling a spade a spade.
Every time his name pops up
in the media now, he's usually ripping on something
or someone. So I
just, I mean, is there any
positives there, R.A.?
He tortured my fucking youth
and beaten the Bruins. Oh, that's
a compliment. Okay, so we can walk away
this neutral. I mean, he's not a mob boss.
I mean, you know, whatever. He said some dopey things
we can call him out for. We don't have to kiss his ass.
For everyone
listening, maybe check in Tuesday
and Wednesday on NHL Network.
I'll be there. I got a new suit.
This suit looks
fresh. How much?
By the way, do you want to know a
scummy thing about me at NHL Network?
The analysts
are going to be all over me.
I have like four ties.
I actually would appreciate if somebody lets me know where can I get ties.
And I don't want to go in.
I don't want to go anywhere.
I hate doing anything in terms of shopping.
And I'm not going to carry all my suits and shirts.
And can I send somebody somewhere pictures of my suits and shirts and they'll send me
ties?
Because right now at NHL Network, I just go around
and I borrow guys' ties that they leave.
Wait, you need me to go out and get some ties for you?
You need me to get some?
Hey, we know where you shop, Grinnell.
I don't need a fucking tie from the New York City travel shop
where you're buying me a tie that says, I heart New York.
Hey, R.A., why don't you send them some of yours?
R.A., send him some of yours.
I got some nice ties.
R.A.'s never undone a button.
They're all just around the loop and right behind the door.
The knot's been tied since graduation.
Hey, he gets them at the Lost and Found from the school he works at.
Which looks like that meme, Scumbag Steve, right now.
He's got his hat on.
You ever see that meme, Viz?
I am a scumbag. Yeah, Scumbag Steve right now. He's got his hat on. You ever see that meme, Viz? I am a scumbag.
Yeah, Scumbag Steve.
Brian Lawton's got great ties.
I'll borrow a tie from him occasionally.
Oh, he's a handsome fellow.
Oh, yeah.
And then Jameson Coyle, he's got about 7,000 ties.
He better know.
He's probably listening.
I'm going to be sneaking into your office and getting a tie for an outfit for me.
So, I don't need you to get me ties.
Maybe get me in touch with someone who can get me ties.
I can't wait till we go somewhere
and do something formal for the first time
so I can get all fucking decked out.
So never. We're doing a Canadian tour.
We weren't overalls.
Rupp said
he's going to come on.
Rupp came on before you joined.
I know, and he'll come on and tell a story
about when he beat the shit out of me.
He gave me a conky. Oh, yeah,
cut me wide open. I was bleeding the box.
I didn't even know where I was.
He's got polar bear mitts, too.
No, he's a bear. No, he's a bear. He's half man,
half bear. Fucking Stanley Cup
clinching goal, man.
Yeah, he did.
That was a fucking great series.
Carlson's bombing.
He just looks smooth as shit right now.
I saw a question.
Over under 150 points combined for Carlson and Burns this year.
That's a lot.
I would say under.
I would guess under.
That's what I'm thinking.
75 each is a shitload.
And that's like basically if they stay healthy.
Yeah, I do.
Oh, fuck.
Should I even say that?
John Carlson led the NHL and the defenseman last year with 68 points.
So, yeah, give me the under on those two.
I don't mean to be negative there.
God, can we  I'm going to reverse that.
No?
Are we allowed to put that in, Grinnell?
No, you're in.
You're in.
Like my rocket for Guy Lafleur, you're in.
All right, boys.
Boys, that was an interesting episode.
Wished them nothing but health.
I was just going to pour myself another New Amsterdam vodka on the rocks,
the official vodka of the NHL and Barstool Sports.
So go out, get some New Amsterdam vodka, and let us know what you think.
Hey, drink responsibly.
They got to drink responsibly, though.
Or you can't have that.
You're not going anywhere.
I mean, have a couple, for Christ's sake.
And quickly, this is our last thing.
Canadian listeners, we love you.
Ah, nice.
We are grinding.
And when I say we, it's Grinnelli, is grinding to figure out how to get you
guys' product cheaper. Because right now,
you can't be paying 25 for a t-shirt and
20 to ship it. That's unacceptable. I'm
on board with you there. We're going to get that price
down, and then our merch is going to
be flying all over Canada. People will be
frigging wearing it, right? It's going to be minus
30 in Edmonton. Somebody have a Chicklets t-shirt on?
Catholic schools are going to have to wear it as a uniform.
No, I'm serious.
I've already spoke
with all the principals.
Me and Grinnell
have been working on it.
We've been going around
like,
what are those?
We have to bring back
the ponies.
We should sell
chicklets
shooter tutors.
You know,
when you don't got a goalie,
put the chicklets thing
in the middle
and then,
you know,
corners.
By the way, corners, top left, top right, bottom left, bottom right, five fold. No, we don't got a goalie? Put the chiclets thing in the middle and then, you know, corners.
By the way, corners, top left, top right, bottom left, bottom right, five-fold.
No, we don't shoot long. He put score in the high ones.
He just had to slide it on the ice.
Couldn't even get the five-fold one.
Shut up, Witt.
All right, I'm out, boys.
Fucker.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
Have a great weekend, everybody. Good times, come on Let's celebrate Celebrate good times, come on
Let's celebrate
There's a party going on right here
A celebration to last throughout the years
So bring your good times and your laughter too
We gonna celebrate your party with you Come on now So bring your good times and your laughter too.
We're going to celebrate your party with you.
Come on now.
Celebration.
Let's all celebrate and have a good time.
Celebration.
We're going to celebrate and have a good time.
