Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 114 of Spit and Chickletslets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's do the roundtable with the gentlemen.
Say hello to everybody.
First, we'll go to Mike Uranelli down in the form of New Amsterdam, New York City.
What's up, producer?
What's up, boys?
What's going on?
Nada.
Buddy, Ryan Whitney.
What's up, my man?
What's up?
And, Biz, are you in the dirty desert right now?
I am, and I have a little fucking pet peeve.
Somebody tweeted, hey, you guys don't need to do the intros anymore.
We already know who's on the show.
Yo, fuck you.
That's our warm-up.
That's how we get our rhythm going.
We're just a Johnny Costas, bro.
So the fucker who tweeted me that, I'm not going to expose you,
but you let us get our reps in, bro.
I got a little stretch,
a little dynamic warm-up. I kind of agree with him a little
bit. Whoa.
What?
Ronell, what do you think?
I'm nor here nor there.
I like the intro. After that little rant.
Excuse me a little second to talk.
Yeah, that's Ronell's moment to shine.
So it's not just about you. He's our goalie.
We got to give him some shots and warm him up.
I'm just a fucking gamer.
I don't need warm-up.
I had a cup of coffee before games.
I need a dynamic warm-up with some bands and a big stretch.
I just got on the ice and snapped it around.
Hey, you're the old school guy who puts the deep cold all over his legs
just to get it.
Hey, I think Hal Gill used to do that.
He used to go in the trainer's room and, like, rub with that icy hot,
like Shaquille O'Neal style.
Oh.
Get the old bus warmed up.
Wake up.
Wake up.
I think people like the intros a lot, actually.
Oh, yeah, sure, because you're fucking doing them.
Hey, what was the final
I've got a few hello everybody requests.
I'm not  you know, I never ask for them because I know
Time out.
Time out.
What was the final tally on how many people got R.A.'s joke last week?
I would say five people who tweeted out.
I think we give you shit, R.A., but that one, we were right.
That one was over everyone's bucket.
Dude, the Travolta one?
Yes.
There was like
No, no, no.
Okay, okay.
Bring the receipts in.
Send them to Grinnelli, and we'll run a little fucking slide
I thought they tagged you start on a cult you can start a little cult with your underground jokes
between Twitter and Instagram dozens of people have got the joke and not to mention dude it's
a fucking a beard is a pretty common term it's not an uncommon thing like to know that you know
when a gay guy's in the closet and is married, that's his beard.
It's not like some sneaky underground fucking terminology I busted out.
Pretty common.
Hey, speaking of, well, actually, this isn't speaking to anything.
Biz, happy Thanksgiving, buddy.
Yeah, Canadian Thanksgiving.
Thank you.
I'm actually trying to celebrate.
What are you thankful for, Biz?
Oh, wow.
And this is going to sound so chees dick i'm i'm very thankful for this podcast
this has been a very fun ride yeah you can go to dinner now
you're a fucking asshole uh no but it boys it's been a fun ride and i think we've started our
little fun community i know i know sometimes we get into it with fans and we jab back and forth
and we call each other fucking idiots.
But, hey, at the end of the day, we're just boys being boys.
And we do have a very small net group of female followers.
So all you females listening, thank you very much.
So it's been a good ride, boys.
I'm thankful for this Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Perfect.
I love hearing that.
Real nice answer, Paul.
We talked a little before the
show i was asking what the difference is between if any between canadian and american thanksgiving
and what did you say basically canada's thanksgiving is like the ahl compared to america
because we take it way more serious i would say yeah and i hope no canadians take offense to that
i'm not saying it's any less serious i think just the united states i think they bring i think they
kind of bring Thanksgiving above Christmas.
Almost Thanksgiving,
the best holiday for sure,
because you don't have to get gifts for people and you just go,
there's football on all day and you don't have to talk to anyone.
If you don't want to,
you sit there and you just drink and get an eat a bunch of food and then
sleep on the coach from the trip to fan. i need some natural tryptophan in my life dude i got a guy give me a call after
the show it's called weed man all right he'll bring some over he'll have his buddy come meet
you gritty gritty he'll make that my hand off oh well let's see yeah he's been you know i don't
want to fucking get it Speaking of pain relief
A couple guys in the NHL could use
A little medicinal pain relief right now
Just a quick update
Roberto Luongo
Had a fellow Paisan, Frankie Vetrano
Collided with a guy, fell on his leg
He's been put on the, yeah, yeah, you like that one
That's the funniest thing you've ever said
100, the Paisan Oh, hey, what are you doing? I'm fucking goaltending put on the eye. You like that one? That's the funniest thing you've ever said. 100. The pie's hot.
Hey, what are you doing?
I'm fucking goaltending.
You're in my crease.
Oh, God. I need to smoke before I come
on more often. You're hilarious right now,
R.A.
Thanks, guy. I'm back in the gauntlets up the wazoo.
Rattled, rattled, rattled.
Oh, now he's funky.
Cut it, Grinnell. Cut it. You're not even going to know. uh so rattled rattled rattled oh he's all now he's fun to get rattled cut it granelli cut it
you're not even gonna know uh so poor bobby lou who by the way we try to get on this show a
zillion times but uh maybe he's definitely not gonna come on after those Italian comments but
James Ryman's gonna slide in they called out Michael Hutchinson from our Springfield
it's gonna be out at least a week we put the spring in Springfield. Jonathan Quick to the IR
as well. No timetable yet.
Jack Campbell starred for him tonight.
Peter Ned Flanders-Boudai
came all the way in from Ontario to back him up.
And Jumbo
Joe Thornton on the short-term IR.
He's not going to be playing for at least a week as well.
Some knee swelling.
He's had surgeries again. He's been having a lot of
knee surgeries lately. Coach Peter Dubois said it's more precautionary. He's had surgeries again. He's been having a lot of knee surgeries lately.
Coach Peter DuBois said it's more precautionary.
He's not overly concerned with it.
Dylan Gambrell was called up from
Barracuda.
That one was so bad. It was good.
You're coming from all angles.
You got the SWAT team prepared.
You don't know that song, Barracuda?
It's on mute.
Jesus Christ.
Whitney shows up late.
I wasn't here for that one.
Shows up late, and then he's on mute joking around,
and then we can't hear his jokes.
It's basically useless.
I got two RAs.
All right, so that's the big injuries to get to.
Dude, how about that Toronto-Chicago game?
Four goals in the last minute and 43 seconds.
Today in the NHL, there's one game going on right now.
Two games, 26 goals in two games.
Carolina and the Rangers had eight to five.
Carolina won 13 goals in that, 13 in the Rangers.
I mean, I'm sorry, the Blackhawks-Leafs craziness, dude.
Crazy.
And over city early in the ranges. I mean, I'm sorry. The Blackhawks, Leafs. Craziness, dude. Crazy. And over City early in the NHL. I think we talked about
this last year when Biz wasn't even a
speck in our radar. Maybe he's just a Muppet
guest at that point. At the beginning
of the year, lots of
overs. Lots of overs.
Lots of overs be hitting. And I'll tell
you right now, Tavares looks decent.
Are you shitting me?
He had a comeback performance after their
loss against Ottawa, and
that is a big boy game he played.
But he gets a hat trick already. It would have taken him
four, three games. It was his third game.
But they lost to Ottawa
and he was pointless.
That's like a, hey, I haven't really came
out yet for Leafs Nation, and he made a
statement tonight. I know.
You know why I know and remember that?
Because I'm one-on-one on those bet against Ottawa bets.
I thought I was going to go in an absolute heater to start the year,
but no, now down money because the juice was so big for Toronto that game,
for Christ's sake.
Honestly, I'm in one of the worst stretches of my career right now,
this fucking since the season started.
Brutal.
Oh, really?
Oh, dude, I'm colder than polar bear pussy right now.
I can't fucking pick my nose.
I'd poke my out if I tried to pick my nose right now.
Hey, the Kings start in 13 minutes.
They're going to roll the wing.
Hey, I want to know how confident are you right now, R.A.,
that you've been landing every single joke,
even the one that you didn't land landed.
No, Barracuda haunted my dreams,
but the other ones have been unreal tonight.
Barracuda's a song.
It wasn't really a joke.
I know, but it was just you laughed at your own at the end.
But, hey, you're buzzing.
Keep it up, man.
All right.
So, anyways, dude, shitload of scoring today.
That John Tavares, the third goal he scored,
when he tipped it out of the air and then just fucking sniped it past Cam Wood.
Seek that one out on a GIF if you haven't seen it.
What the hell else?
What was the other subject is today that
you wanted to talk well no i mean i wanted to talk more about that leafs game and and uh well
all right not only an amazing game but you know you see it these these new wave guys like austin
matthews you know he taunted the showtime celebration for patrick kane and then patrick
kane ended up scoring after and came back with it but you could tell kane wasn't mad he was kind of
like hey fuckhead this is my celly
and this is my fucking building.
And I loved it.
I love both of them for doing it.
They're just making the game more entertaining for us.
Whit, what do you think?
I want the craziest celebrations we can get.
I love them.
And I don't know, have I mentioned on this podcast before
when Sam Gagne and I, when I was on Edmonton,
realized what Kane was doing for a little while when he was scoring?
Have I ever brought this up?
No.
So the last year I was on Edmonton, it was a lockout year,
lockout shortened year.
Kane was scoring that year, and he would, even at home,
or actually he was always at home, he would do it.
He'd stare into the crowd and go, get the fuck up.
And you could read his lips perfectly.
And he'd be like, get the fuck up.
And then sure as shit, everyone would get up and cheer their read his lips perfect and he'd be like get the fuck up and then sure
shit everyone would get up and cheer the dicks off for him well vagina the crowd's defense
what to the crowd's defense everyone usually does stand up when you score at home but just like
saying to your home crowd get the fuck up yeah he's like he's like stay up no no get the fuck
back up you're not sitting down he gets on the mic at center ice. So then I did it.
I scored in Calgary.
I was like, get the fuck up.
Nobody got up.
I was like, gags, if I score another goal the rest of my life,
I'm saying get the fuck up.
I don't care if it's in a men's league game when I retire.
Simon says, get me a bag of blow.
Hey, I'll tell you what.
Simon says, meet me on Rush Street and then whip my cock out and suck it.
Simon says.
Hey, the guy
Jim Houston on the game tonight,
Toronto, Chicago, he said Matthews
seems like he's kind of
letting people know, I don't know how
even word it, kind of showing who he is, showing his personality.
Yeah, you think he came on Chicklets?
That's exactly what he was talking about.
Chicklets was his coming out party.
I know that's what he meant.
Yeah, they can come on. Chicklets was his coming out party. I know that's what he meant. What? Yeah, they can come out and say it.
Chicklets was his coming out party.
I know, but this guy's mentioning like, oh, he's letting people know,
you know, kind of who he is.
And I'm like, yeah, dude, you think?
He was on Chicklets.
Oh, he didn't want to give us the credit.
I mean, yeah.
And for those listening, we're not actually serious.
We don't expect the credit, and we're joking about it.
Speaking of celebrations.
But it kind of was his coming out party.
What?
No, I said we were kind of joking about the fact that it was his coming out party
personality-wise, but it really wasn't.
No.
Either way, we can imagine it was.
Right.
That's what I'm saying.
Did you see what the Hurricanes did when they won tonight?
Yeah, dude.
I sent that to you.
Did you ever see anything like that before?
No.
Biz, did you see it?
Yeah, it was a little weird. I thought it was really bizarre. I don't like shitting on like that before? No. Biz, did you see it? Yeah, it was a little weird.
I thought it was really bizarre.
I don't like shitting on organizations that have wins yet.
To let the listeners know who didn't catch it.
Maybe I'm already a hypocrite.
It just happened.
At the end of the game, Carolina won 8-5.
Justin Williams, the new captain, had everybody at the red line.
It looked like first wits.
They were doing that skull thing in Minnesota,
like sort of clapping their hands.
Then they all did a mad dash to the far goal line and they all jumped
against the boards and then like started fucking like skating back to the
bench.
It was,
it was something I've ever seen before.
I bet you that new owner was like,
you better skate and celebrate with the fans after you,
and I'll get rid of the toilet paper in the locker room.
Let alone the scouts pay and the fucking cell phone bills.
You'll be done.
You'll no food,
no snacks. You can't even, You'll no food, no snacks.
You can't even,
you'll be paying to get your skate sharpened.
If you don't start celebrating with the fans.
I don't want to sound too negative.
I don't want to sound negative.
If they're having a good time and they're winning and the fans are feeling
the interaction,
Hey,
all the power to them.
I feel that it's a little bit forced and just very like,
Oh,
it's like a little cringy,
but Hey, they're liking it and they're doing their thing
and it's getting their team morale up.
Fucking do whatever you need.
I think it's Justin Williams doing it, I'm assuming.
So I give him the benefit of the doubt.
He's a well-liked veteran.
Mr. Game 7.
Mr. Game 7.
Every win they add a different element.
So they have to like skate to the boards,
jump in the glass, and then do like a double dickie.
Then they got to do like the lightning drill after.
You just keep adding to it.
But one guy who didn't take part in it was Scott Darling.
However, he will be taking part in Spitting Chicklets this evening
as he will be joining us in a little bit for a nice, fun interview.
He's a Chicklets guy, and we had a real good vibe going with him,
so stick around for that.
But, Biz, to follow what you're saying,
there's definitely like an anti-establishment streak in some of these kids.
And it's really fun to see.
They're just kind of like,
fuck these old,
these old guys,
like fuck the old guy.
Like,
you know,
like even major league baseball did a commercial,
like kind of shitting on the so-called unwritten rules.
And I think we're seeing a lot of that with these kids and,
you know,
probably a good,
another good example of it was the whole fortnight thing in Vancouver.
Well,
yeah.
And then,
and then line,
they kind of chimed in and
and i love this too he he's a big he's a big video game guy to imagine that he's bringing
him on the road he's taking jabs like that and i don't know i feel like five years ago i mean
obviously people aren't playing fucking video games on the road five years ago times have
fucking changed i was playing the psp yeah i mean yeah like what mario mario
cart is that was that the one so calm george larocque bought all of us so calm when he got
oh what a nice guy but uh but to go back to that linea's comment comment was basically hey you
need something to blame on the losses last season and then yeah i got a right here so today brent sutter is it brent sutter
there's seven 75 of no it was actually brandon sutter okay i was close i had the b-run i had
the b down there's more like sudders than dalmatians brandon's still playing brent's not
okay well he fired back at line and i'm thinking fucking rights man let's create the war
let's get this thing going let's hear the quote and yeah exactly just to back up for those who might not be up to speed vancouver
basically as an organization being fortnight band video games but if you go back and read it it
sounds like uh bo horvat he's you know basically the i think that the facto captain if not the
captain there it sounded like there were some players behind it didn't seem like it was strictly
the team right but just like get get to what was going down.
They kind of lost the video games on the road.
Just trying to get the background.
Patrick Laine, when he heard about Vancouver's decision
to ban video games on the road, he said,
quote, they need something to blame after last year, end quote.
And then this is the reporter.
Laine went on to say that the players amongst the Jets have agreed
that if they start playing like that, like Vancouver, they would stop taking their PlayStations on the road,
to which Brandon Sutter replied, it's, quote,
it's none of his business at all.
We would never have anyone in our room say something like that
when they are 21 years old, end quote.
Wow.
I'm not mad at either.
They all made great points.
It was a chirp by lining, get the, you know, get the league going,
a little drama, turning it, turning it into the NBA wit.
And then I have no problem with the vets on Vancouver kiboshing it.
Cause for two reasons, let's get a little bit more social.
They used to have a rule.
Shane Doan was saying in Phoenix, when they would go on the road,
that when they got to a city, that you didn't have to go drink, but you had to meet up
at a spot when they got to the hotel, whether it was the hotel lobby or somewhere close by,
and you meet up for a pop just to say hi, talk to the boys for 30 minutes, and then you can go do
whatever you want. Some guys would stay there and drink for a couple hours. Some would end up,
that would turn into dinner, and that would turn into 2 a.m but hey the social social aspect is is a lost art
and then the other side of it is you know these kids they can't put the fucking remote down so
it's fucking with their sleeping patterns they're playing video games till 2 2 30 in the morning
we get a game the next day so guys are probably just like hey shut the things down shut them off
don't even bring them on the road and let's get some good sleep let's win some fucking hockey games yeah i hear
you i mean i think linea was probably i guess it's a it's kind of a bad shirt but it was also
funny i mean i'm surprised they took it that serious i mean they did suck last year i mean
he's not lying he's just making a joke out of whatever they're doing. Sutter at the same
time, Biz, you're right. Everyone has their
points. For him to say
no one in our
room would say that, how do you
know? What if they
did? Would you punish them? Nobody in your room
that's as good as him either.
I mean,
I mean,
I mean, I think, well, a lot to play for well I mean
I think
well no
I'm just saying
you working for
Leine
I'm trying to
get him on this
podcast
come on Leine
I'll tell you
no no
but I agree
with you
it's just like
well fuck
as long as
Leine brings it
I kind of love it
I mean
it's good for us
because we have
something to talk
about on this
but if you're on
Vancouver
you're like
shut up buddy
but then also you're like god damn it this guy's probably gonna get seven against us
this year we play him twice i mean yeah let's sleep in dogs lie no i was just gonna say on the
road i know we had like i said the psps they were you know we'd play like we wouldn't play that much
you're playing the plane mostly once you got in the rooms you might play with your roommate but
it wasn't like you're staying up all night at all.
So if they were on the road and guys are crushing PlayStations all night,
I do think that's a little ridiculous.
Probably hang out with the fellows.
I mean, if you're going to ask, if I'm a coach,
would I rather have the guys playing video games
or would I rather have them take an Ambien
and then have those hilarious talks in the room in order of room service?
I'm going Ambien in the funny talks all day.
All day.
Yeah, more team morale.
Yeah, it's like funny stuff that goes on as opposed to like, you know,
you're yelling at some seven-year-old that you're playing against online.
I think the big question is, though, whether this will actually transfer to the ice.
You know, like this kind of shit talking about video games,
is that something that is going to lead to i know it's like so late
like fuck you you you've played my fortnight game like is that something really gonna so hear me out
this is why hockey was so entertaining back then is because there was so much drinking going on
there's so many irrational decisions being made is that the correct term irrational you think guys
were so hung over that's why people were just snapping buddy you're those guys would be boozing every other night so like they were
their high their emotional highs and lows were ridiculous think of how much more level-headed
these kids are these days like they won't even say something that's some like rarely do you see
someone do something that's outspoken now now i think the reason why it's now gearing towards that and moving in on the upward is
because they're seeing the reaction of how like how little if they like lining he said something
about their losses were correlated to playing video games that blew up like crazy where before
it was about guys banging guys wives or or for fucking guys fighting in the the in the corridor
of the of the rink and shit.
Like, Millberry going into the crowd,
hitting people with fucking shoes and shit.
Now we're getting, like, guys making fun of each other about video games,
like duck hunting shit.
Could you have imagined?
You suck at Super Bowl. I know.
Years ago, I'd be like, oh, you fucking
I'd be like, wait a minute.
I'll fucking post you a duck hunt.
Yes, Ty Domi.
Like, you hear about this recent beef in the NHL?
He's like, no, what happened?
These guys are making fun of it.
They're playing too many video games.
He's like, I'm going to puke.
What happened to this league?
I'm going to have my son go sucker punch Aaron Eckblad.
Ty's not coming on the pod now.
Way to go.
That was a joke for Christ's sake.
We fucked our fans.
I already said it wasn't a sucker punch when I was talking about it on the podcast.
Jeff Marrick, you know, he had that report that I think it was a general manager
told him that there was one kid who was addicted to it.
He was a first-round pick of an organization,
and they were worried this kid's video game addiction was going to cripple his career.
So, I mean, there's probably some validity to, like, not every kid, obviously, but, you know,
there are some kids who, like Colt Norsell, we had one.
Anything can be addicting.
You want to know how much poison it creates?
We've been talking about video games on spit and chiclets
for fucking 10 minutes now.
That's how fucking bad video games are.
So, fuck you, video games.
Now, speaking of a newer school guy,
but with that old school kick to his game
and kind of his presence off the ice, Brady Kachuk, and he got it from Walt.
We know that.
How about that reaction in that funny video?
I am not lying.
I've watched that reaction 150 times.
Dude, just the way he moves his head.
It's not a disgusted look it's just
like oh man like you just said that you're gonna get you're gonna become a meme and he did
i uh i i was going somehow you know you get lost in like the instagram holes
like it's like youtube too it's like you're just all of a sudden you're like
how am i on this person's page right now yeah but uh there's a player for bu uh skip patrick harper but it's
right patrick right cornelli yep yes stud i think nashville thank you to our college expert
mike renell chiming in so this kid i somehow i look granted how the hell am i creeping on this
college kids instagram but i started started noticing pretty much every picture,
Brady Kachuk comments on it, and they're all laugh out loud funny.
I want people to go to this kid, Patrick Arvidsson,
and just look at what Brady Kachuk writes.
He's a funny bastard, and I saw this before this video,
so I already kind of loved him, and we talked to him last year.
It was during World Juniors, I believe.
And then just seeing him like, dude, that's who you texted? kind of loved him and we talked to him last year before it was during world juniors i believe and
then just seeing him like dude that's who you texted oh my god and it's it's also it's got i
mean this might be you know maybe a little i don't know i don't even know if i want to say this but
say it guys like this kid's coming on a junior that kid's a stud, by the way, who answered that question
and said he texted his girlfriend.
It's a D-man, right?
How do you say his name, Grinnelli?
Oh, I think he had a goal in the Napples first game.
Yeah, he's a stud.
Grinnelli, that's when you're supposed to look up the name for us.
Max LeJoie.
It's Max LeJoie.
I don't know if we're saying it.
That's definitely not right.
I didn't know how to say it.
I knew I was going to say it.
Vittori Footcup. LeJoie. saying that's definitely not right. I didn't know how to say it. I knew I was going to say it. LaTorre foot cup.
LaTorre.
LaTorre.
No, I think that.
He's French and Italian.
He's probably dating a girl from junior.
He's French and Italian, eh, Paisan?
Eh?
Eh.
You all right, Mr. Paisan?
Hey, you see that goal by LaTorre?
Yeah.
LaTorre what?
No, it's LaTorre, dude.
Well, either way, he's probably dating a girl from junior, right?
I'm not, like, trying to trip the relationship.
Like, is that going to work out?
I mean, he's going to get his
He's 20.
He's going to have a new girlfriend next week.
That's kind of what Brady can chuck on Nick.
He's like, oh, what are you doing, dude?
What are you doing?
You're in the show.
He's going to get his first bonus in his rookie year.
There's a decent amount of guys who met their wives playing junior.
There's a way
higher percentage. So if we do have a couple
female listeners that are maybe dating a stud
that's playing junior, he's going to be in the NHL.
Heads up.
I mean, heads up.
These guys are going to be rich
and they're going to be in the National League.
They're probably going to be gone.
This is maybe unpopular and I'm not rude.
Just wait it out, boys.
You did it right, Witt.
You are a funny bastard.
I think everyone needs more life experience.
You got to sample the wine.
Sample the goods, guys.
You got to get out there.
The George Brett thing.
That's what Witt's did.
You have your career.
You have your fun.
George Brett had, like, three girlfriends in every city.
I didn't do that.
What a dirtball. You know who had like three girlfriends in every city. What a dirtball.
You know who's got three girlfriends
in every city?
Gritty.
They're all in like
methadone clinics.
Gritty's definitely a chip off
the old block.
They're all throwbacks.
It's how you're fucking raised. You want to leeway that into the fight last night or
what oh wow did you did you catch it wits yeah i watched it i watched it uh yeah dude i have a lot
to say biz you were you were twitter beef mud last oh you know okay so here's my issue with i
don't even understand your points.
Not even trying to be  I didn't
No, so the whole point was is all of Connor's fans were like,
oh, what a disgrace Khabib is for doing that.
And I'm thinking, what?
I'm like, they have both been morons.
From the start of when this started to now, this has escalated on both ends,
and they're both just at fault for
where it's gotten and i guess let's start from the beginning so apparently khabib kind of gotten
a little altercation with one of mcgregor's trainers now take that with a grain of salt
that might be a little bit more intense than that or less intense whitney you have a question
yes i'm sorry before before you continue is this before or after the dolly
incident this is before this is why it happened okay so i'm gonna get through that yep so mcgregor
found out and he was fucking pissed and he flies the i think khabib was fighting someone else and
he there was a bunch of undercards and they had the press conference whatever and gregor flies
over with like 20 30 30 goons, whatever,
just to come send a message.
And you know what McGregor's doing?
He's coming to stir the pot.
He's a fucking showman, okay?
So he does, you know, he throws chairs in the dollies or whatever happened.
He ends up cutting one of the guys who was going to fight.
That guy couldn't fight at his event.
There's obviously going to be some loss.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah, so like he got charged with assault. I don't know if anything anything's going to come of it he might get a few misdemeanors
whatever okay so that escalated it it went from from habib having an altercation with connor's
trainer you know a couple boys having a disagreement to now all of a sudden there's
criminal charges involved well that creates the rift and now there's going to be the fight.
Well, all the buildup to the fight, and then all of a sudden,
Conor having to get through to Khabib knows where to go,
and he goes after religion and his family.
When did that happen?
He made a few cracks about him being Muslim, and he practices Islam.
Listen, that's just one thing.
Don't bring that up in a press conference.
If you're looking to bring it up, it's a family. Religion might not be a big issue for me and you,
but Khabib, it's his life.
I think he went after his parents too, though.
Yeah, I think he went after his father.
So obviously you're fucking trying to rattle the cage,
and Conor did.
That did not sit well with Khabib.
So now, all of a sudden, he's on a different planet going into this fight.
Well, he controls Conor for four rounds.
You don't need him.
Yeah, he's a mutant, man.
The guy used to wrestle bears.
And keep in mind, I would say that Conor, on an intelligence level,
is far, far greater than where Khabib's at.
And, of course course the language barrier so it's just
that's the only way he could get to him was with those specific comments he ends up dominating him
it was pretty heated by the end of fight i think there was a lot of exchanges going on even during
the midst of the fight between khabib and and and uh what's his name mcgregor's corner and
mcgregor's corner had made some comments as well about the the religion thing
so the fight was over Khabib kind of leans over I don't know whether he spit him on or spit on
him or not some people are saying he did some people are saying he didn't I didn't see to the
specifics and then there's obviously some fucking yelling going on between Khabib and the McGregor
corner and then fucking Khabib goes off the rails. Well, guess what, man?
That was created by a lot of shit to antagonize him before the fight,
and it went there.
And you know what?
All of the McGregor fans and people arguing back and forth
about who did what was worse,
they were both just as fucking guilty.
And you know why I know that McGregor knows that he went too far?
Because afterward, he didn't fucking press charges,
well, at least as of now, on the the hooligans that came after him from khabib's corner or however you pronounce his name
sorry and he tweeted out good fight looking forward to the rematch connor knows he fucking
brought it that far and that's why that shit escalated to the way it did and he's like whatever
man we were fucking we brought it to that level we needed to in order to get paid the money that we did now now after getting dominated for four rounds connor may in
fact get a rematch based on the events that happened after i don't obviously he didn't plan
it to that extent that ended up falling right into his lap he may get another 50 million dollar fight
out of it and i'd imagine he doesn't have many fights left, but fuck dude, deep down.
And another thing,
he didn't press charges Connor because I think Connor's like,
you know what?
I'm not going to take food off these other guys' tables.
They did stupid shit.
They're going to lose their visas.
The commission's going to keep their purse and they're not going to get
paid.
And all of a sudden people's mortgages aren't getting paid.
Their kids aren't getting fed.
And now you're fucking with people's lives and McGregor ain't going there.
He just wanted to make a few extra fucking bucks.
That's where I'm at with it.
I've said my piece.
Sorry for rambling on.
No, that's a pretty valid  a couple valid points by you.
I do think that people are like  I sense people were shocked at what happened.
I mean
I was not.
How are you that shocked, dude? I was not. shocked at what happened. I mean, I was, how are you that shocked?
Dude,
I was not a psychopath.
If you're a UFC fighter,
you have something wrong with you.
No offense.
UFC fighters out there.
Please leave me alone.
You're,
you're a,
you're a psychopath.
So obviously,
I mean,
like you're a lunatic to begin with.
And at the end of that fight,
I don't think he spit on him either.
I think he was just like,
fuck you.
I just,
yeah, he was over top of them. I'm kind of giving them Muhammad Ali. By the way, that fight i don't think he spit on him either i think he was just like fuck you i just yeah he was over top of him kind of give him muhammad ali by the way that guy habib i don't know if there's a person in the world that i think could beat that guy up he will hit his weight class
no he's no it's what i'm saying like i take anyone 160 pounds or less in the world and he could dummy
them all maybe all of them because he's
an incredible wrestler. I don't know much about UFC.
It kind of sounds like you're into it, Biz.
I got the fight because I just
hear about what's going on.
I follow McGregor because he's interesting
and I feel like he's
like the new school Muhammad Ali. You can't
put him in that status, but
he's manipulating this for
what it is.
People try to what it is.
And people try to play it off.
It's like it's acting and this is all a big  no, it's more real than you think.
I mean, there might  like, Connor might have a plan and execute it,
but they're not, like, sitting all in a room saying,
okay, this is how shit's going to go down.
All right, before I get your opinion, I will say,
I didn't know that in the dolly-throwing incident somebody actually got hit and will say I didn't know that in the dolly throwing incident, somebody actually got hit and hurt.
I didn't know that.
But forgetting that, those two scumbags from Habib that jumped in and suckered McGregor, that's pathetic.
That's a fucking joke.
The first guy in the black, the little guy in the black, he ran and then didn't go right to him and then came back.
And as McGregor's kind of fighting him, that dude in the red straight up okay now to chime in there that
was bullshit i'm gonna 100 agree with that those guys got arrested you know white yeah they got
arrested i don't think mcgregor's gonna press charges that's a rumor but hear me out so when
when khabib jumped over one of his one of his corner guys was kind of rushing to over there
well what was he going to do who knows he might have been going in a throw he might have been just going to grab habib but as he went over the top of the cage
hadn't even acknowledged connor connor suckered him with a left no dude wait i fucking tweeted
the video you want to fucking go watch it he punched him i wouldn't say he sucked him the
guy costed him so i mean i mean no he did it he was he was hopping over the cage. Are you talking about the guy in the red socket, Conor?
No, I'm talking about the guy in the black.
He was going over to get Khabib as what I'm assuming he was going to do.
Whether he was going to help fight or whether he was going to retrieve him
out of there, we don't know.
We'll never know the answer to that because it didn't happen
because he got cocked by Conor.
So I posted the video.
You can go look at it now.
Two other things I wanted to touch on is Conor fans saying,
oh, well, he never brought it to that place in previous times.
What do you mean?
Aldo was in the crowd after one of his fights,
and he hopped over, and two security guards grabbed him,
and they were fucking face-to-face.
It just so happens all the security guards had went in the ring because the way it went down in the other one.
Listen, they fucking, they snapped.
They went off the rocker.
And Conor jumped in a Bellator ring in Ireland and fucking shoved an official.
Like, whatever, man.
It's crazy shit going all over.
It's apples and apples.
They all did dumb shit revolving this fight
and it's fucking over with like who cares it's a wash leave it alone nobody got seriously injured
sorry first off um sick security stay hot t-mobile you can fucking that's what i said
you've got guys climbing the fucking fence like spider monkeys fucking punching the main
attraction that probably shouldn't happen so that was pretty fucking crazy uh ironically it's probably going to
be ultimately good for the sport because even when they say good news even bad press is fucking good
press i mean everybody's talking about it it's sort of almost unprecedented but i i got instant
mike tyson vibes like mike tyson fights in Vegas, always had horse shit going on.
You know, him biting the guy's hair off.
Remember Fan Man?
I don't think that wasn't a Tyson fight.
Remember the guy, Whitney, he had one of those like fucking fans.
Like he flew through the air and landed in the ring.
He had like a parachute.
I mean, that happened during the fight.
A guy landed in the ring with a fucking parachute.
I think that guy ended up killing himself too.
Yeah, so he had some weird ending.
So, you know, ultimately
it's going to be good. But Paul, where I kind
of disagree with you is, you know,
let me ask you something, Paul. If you had a fight
with your fiercest rival ever, would
you ever scale? If no one in the audience
fucked with you except one guy, would you
jump into the audience? Guys, you have
to take the situation
and assess it, how it played out.
We're talking, talking listen the guy
went after his religion and his father to us we'd fucking say water off a duck's back who gives a
shit insult christianity i believe in god make fun of him i ain't gonna get stressed about it
i'll be like hey man whatever you believe and i don't care he was mocking his fucking religion
at the press conference and giggling and d Dana White, the commissioner, was giggling too.
He felt like he was being mocked by the entire fucking world.
I understand all that.
I understand the anger.
What I'm saying is you can't endanger innocent people like that.
And that's what he did when he jumped out of the ring,
did a flying Hong Kong fucking.
How about that picture?
Huh?
That picture's insane.
Exactly.
You know, he endangered a lot.
I mean, fucking Bob Kraft was sitting there.
That's the fucking point.
Connor chucked a...
I know, but Paul, he didn't do it last night, though, Paul.
And he didn't do it...
I'm saying this entire situation has been a gong show on either side.
Right.
We agree, Paul.
I'm not taking Connor's side.
I'm not a Connor fucking Stan.
I'm not sticking up for him.
I'm agreeing with you.
Yes, he put people in harm's way.
Luckily, no one got hurt.
Connor did the exact same thing fucking four months ago.
So they're fucking both at fault.
Right.
I agree.
How this escalated.
But last night, what that guy did was a little over the top.
A little crazy.
I mean, he dove in of like, he could have really hurt fucking someone who was just there
watching the fight.
Right.
I get that what he did was wrong.
It got to that point for a reason.
You're saying that it's not just on him.
It's on all of them.
It's on the fucking entire administration.
It's an argument.
Dana White was up on the fucking stage laughing when a guy's religion,
who he has under his payroll, was getting insulted about it.
It went to places it shouldn't have went on both sides.
It fucking escalated to that point based on a lot of fucking dumb decisions. That's it. Like we, they went to places that shouldn't have went on both sides. It fucking escalated to that point based on a lot of fucking dumb decisions.
That's it.
It's all systems out of order.
And that's all I was trying to say on mine.
And someone's like,
Oh,
well he was like a little bit more.
It's like,
guys,
the boys were being boys.
They both apologized afterward and are probably sorry for to where it got.
But Hey man,
this fucking industry probably makes you go insane and it's all said and done and i'm hoping that they dial it back
down a little bit from where it got like that was a bit fucking much yesterday and i love the drama
but like you said ra it's like it's now shit like that's going down too much cut it out one other
quick quick thing i mean dana white was talking about severe repercussions
and sanctions and possible title strips i mean they could go to fucking another country and
fight there it doesn't have to be sanctioned by the last bag yeah but you know what the problem
is is they keep the purse and these guys want to get paid until all the legal shit's figured out
nobody's getting paid well at least the people who are involved and only their fight check they're
still going to get their pay-per-view money, though.
Oh, okay.
But, I mean, I'd imagine that they were at least making 2, 3, 4 million each on that.
Yeah.
No, they gave Conor his check.
They were still holding Khabib's, though.
Right.
That's what I'm saying.
Like, Khabib's got people on salary that get to get paid.
They got to feed the fam, bro.
And that's why McGregor's like, nah, let them get paid.
We're having a fucking good time, baby.
But ultimately, that's up to the Nevada Athletic Commission, not Conor McGregor. The charges that's right but him helping not but he said i don't want to press charges like that's probably going to help considering they don't have their
main witness to pressing charges and now it's i it's two totally separate entities though one's
the legal aspect one is from the state all right i'm not i'm just no no i'm i'm just saying is like
i think that connor was a man about it after,
and at least there was some sanity on the back end of this,
where he was like, no.
He goes, I brought it to that level, and it got there,
and I'm just happy no one got hurt.
Let's just go home and fucking count our money.
Before we go to Scott Darling, I'm just going to give my brain,
I'm going to let you into my brain as it all went down.
All I started thinking was, holy shit, my bet for McGregor,
will I now not lose this bet because is he going to get?
No, I still lost the bet.
So for everyone wondering, I just put a little on McGregor.
I wasn't going to bet on that fucking Russian.
I hate Russians.
No, I don't hate all Russians.
I don't hate all Russians. Good save. But I tried betting on McGregor for I wasn't going to bet on that fucking Russian. I hate Russians. No, I don't hate all Russians. I don't hate all Russians.
Good save.
But I tried betting on McGregor for a second thought.
Oh, my God.
Maybe he doesn't win the fight now.
But either way, I still lost.
So stay amush.
And this is now Scott Darling.
I just wanted to finish up.
I know I got a little bit heat online.
I just hate when it's a pretty basic concept.
They both really fucked up.
They both did illegal things.
Sure, last night was on Khabib, but it's gotten to this place because of Conor.
And, like, can't we just  why do people need to sit in line and be like,
oh, well, that guy was meaner?
Geronimo, what did you think?
I want to hear your opinion.
On the fight?
On the whole situation there?
Just on the whole situation.
Geronimo was at Fenway crippled.
He doesn't even know what happened.
No, I mean, I thought it sucked for both sides.
I mean, I think everyone's at fault.
They all look like assholes, but I think it was great for the sport.
I think people are talking about it now, so that's what matters most.
And this Khabib guy, people are going to want to watch him now.
He was a nobody before, and now everyone's going to want to watch him.
Great point.
Great point.
I'll tell you what, I'm going to buy it because he's a fucking savage.
Great point, Mike.
So do you think Conor got himself a rematch
based on pushing this thing to the limits like this?
Absolutely.
I think McGregor can always get a rematch.
That's the thing with McGregor.
He's Conor McGregor.
Well, apparently before that happened, there wasn't going to be.
And Khabib mentioned something about maybe possibly retiring.
So who knows? But once again,
if a rematch happens, it's
only because of the place that
McGregor brought it to and the hate that he
created in Khabib towards
him and his crew that made him
do what he did. And now he might have saved himself
a fucking rematch. And that's why he gets
paid at the end of the day. That's why he gets paid
those 50 million. And that's all McGregor
cares about. He ain't worried about fucking getting suckered by Khabib's crew.
Exactly.
He's worried about who's signing the next check.
Anyway, so you guys want to pass it over to Scotty Darling?
Yeah, let's do it.
Okay, here's Scott Darling.
And before we get to Scott Darling,
I just want to talk to you about The Athletic for a little bit.
Biz, you're familiar with the athletic, correct?
Yes.
Craig Morgan from the Arizona Coyotes,
who used to work for the local newspaper, moved over,
and they're just scooping up amazing writers left and right.
It's incredible.
In case you're unaware, if you're on Twitter,
you're certainly aware of them, the athletic.
It's a subscription-based sports publisher for diehard sports fan.
It's no ads.
There's no pop-ups.
And listen, if you saw my
twitter two weeks ago i signed up two weeks ago before they we even knew we had their ads the work
is phenomenal i was a you know as you know a journalism guy in college the sports journalism
here it's fantastic i i tell i tell everybody read the story about lyle odeline you remember
lyle odeline biz right yeah they just released it they? Yeah, it just came out the other day. It was
a rollercoaster of a ride. Lyle Odeline won
a cup with the 93 Canadians. He played for
Columbus. Beloved teammate. Everybody
loved him. Tough as nails. They said, never
go to lunch with Lyle Odeline, because
it turned into dinner. That's how many beers this guy would
drink. He drank a full case of beer. Honestly.
Guy was the
ultimate throwback. And everybody
loves the guy. Anybody who played with him said, he'd give you the shirt off his back 10 times.
Well, he had a real bad medical issue, and he slipped into a coma.
He had to get a heart, a kidney, and lung transplant all in one 24-hour surgery.
It had never been done in history before.
Correct.
The work on the depth of the reporting in this story, it was incredible.
I was emotional a couple times reading it because he came to almost dying a couple times.
Holy shit.
Just to bring the point further, there's so much great writing here.
It's not the usual typical game stories or the puff pieces you used to read in the paper.
No, they dive in.
They really dive in.
They dive into stories.
There's a lot of looking up facts and things like that. Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. No, I actually want
to mention Fluto Shinzawa. He was the Bruins beat guy at the Global. He's at the Athletic now.
He did a terrific in-depth story about Kevin Miller, who has a stick from Warrior. He followed
the whole process of how a hockey stick is made.
He went down to the plant in Tijuana and how they get the carbon and melt
it down.
And it was incredible read.
I mean,
if you never really thought,
Oh,
how did you make that stick?
But if it's something that you're interested in,
it was just such a deep dive into journalism stuff.
You just don't get newspapers anymore because of the state of newspapers.
So if you're looking for the,
you know,
for this type of journalism,
man,
go ahead,
biz. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not much of a reader, but we don't obviously, once I hop on there, newspaper so if you're looking for the uh you know for this type of journalism man go ahead biz
yeah i'm not much of a reader but you know obviously once i hop on there and they got a
pretty good deal going on too that's the main reason they wanted us to talk about it correct
incredible right now our listeners can get an insane deal it's a 40 discount you go to the
athletic.com slash chicklets that's the athletic.com slash c-h-I-C-L-E-T-S for 40 off.
That's ridiculous.
It ends up being 2.99 a month.
Okay, if you buy two newspapers in a day.
2.99?
A month for this rate.
If you buy two newspapers, that's 4.
That's basically free.
It's cheaper than an Uber ride, cheaper than a cup of cup of coffee
you can't beat it so don't be a muppet go to theathletic.com slash chicklets get your 40
off and subscribe now and be a part of the future of sports journalism i'm telling you you won't
regret it it's the best writing on the internet every city every team everywhere three dollars
a month and the best thing no ads no pop-ups none they don't do any
ads or pop-ups and uh there's no like max or minimum on stories for the the journalists
they just they write and whatever they want to write they put up there they trust them they
give them the platform and as i said no fucking pop-ups so bravo athletic yeah like you and
scott scott bernard side if you you know, if you're a hockey fan,
those guys are right in there. Two of the best in the game.
So get on it. Theathletic.com slash chicklets.
Very proud to introduce to the show. And we don't get many goalies guys.
No, I don't get a lot of attendees.
You might be the first active tendy we have on this show.
At least since I've been involved.'s a standard oh yeah you forgot about mark andre yeah jesus i know but you know
what though i feel like you're going to be a more interesting interview because he was heading into
that's a good save yeah that's a great great save basically i think you're going to tell
more cock and and uhice stories than we're not referring.
Introducing to the podcast, Scott Darling.
Well, thanks for having me.
That's it?
That's all you're going to come back with? Are you fucking kidding me?
No, no.
I was waiting for you to go around the round table.
I got you to start it.
You know what I mean?
Wait, wait.
I give you an intro.
I'm a listener, you know?
I go through a stuttering problem just to introduce you,
and then you're going to come back with that.
And especially after, now that we're going to get into it right away here,
let's talk about that picture.
The best picture.
The best picture of all time.
Oh, so you guys got the joke.
You were ripping on Baker Mayfield.
Like half the internet didn't get the joke.
I was just poking fun at him. You can't really rip on
Baker Mayfield because he's
Baker Mayfield, but
I thought it was funny.
If somebody
didn't think it's funny, they got to dump in their
pants because that's a funny picture.
By the way, for people who don't know,
Scott Darling, head to his Instagram.
He had a hilarious take on Baker Mayfield's picture in front of his Bentley with a tiger.
Well, I'll say this.
I think it was funny regardless.
Even when Baker Mayfield did it with a tiger, it was just so random,
and I just embraced the weirdness.
Some people, they just want to be mad.
They're going to make fun of it.
And then I just thought you did it because you're like, oh, that's kind of cool.
I'd do something like that, and you did it.
So now that I found out that you were trolling him,
fucking bravo, man.
I'll give you a little clap.
Trolling is a harsh word, but I mean, you know,
he did follow me back on Instagram.
Not a big deal after that.
Did you tag him in the picture?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, maybe he thought you were coming at him.
He was probably like, oh, this guy's making fun of me.
Fuck this guy.
Yeah, I'm going to make fun of Baker Mayfield.
I don't know.
He's only following 762 people, which in social media isn't a ton.
So that's actually not too bad that he's on your case now.
I tried to slide into his DMs.
Just, you know, like, hey, good luck this season.
Like, be a nice, just got iced.
Did he leave it on read?
Left on read?
No, I couldn't tell, but, like, he follows me,
so I don't know, and, like, I just never got a response.
I didn't see, like, a scene thing or anything,
but, you know, if you follow the person,
he goes right to your inbox.
Yeah, yeah.
He just gassed you.
He's like, who's this bitch?
Yeah, I know. Exactly. Scott got it. I just asked you. He's like, who's this pig? Yeah, I know.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Scott, when you were in Chicago, you had one of the all-time great mask motifs,
the Wayne and Goth on the side of one of your Blackhawk masks,
which is fucking fantastic.
I mean, great Chicago movie.
Obviously, playing for the Blackhawks, it fits perfect.
Now, I was going through, I'm a huge hockey goalie mask guy.
Are you still using the same mask from last year?
Is that a pig on the side of your mask?
A pig?
I mean, I used that paint job at the beginning of last season.
That's our mascot, actually.
That's Stormy the Pig, if you didn't know.
No, I didn't.
He's taking shots.
We got a pig.
Hey, next rough and rowdy.
We got the next rough and rowdy.
We got R.A. and the fucking...
Well, you're on the fucking canes.
Wait, when did you guys get Stormy the Pig for mascot?
Where was I for this one?
I've only been here one year, but ever since I've been here, he's been the mascot.
Stormy the Pig?
So I don't know when he started.
But yeah, so that's why he was on there.
I mean, it's a little bit harder here.
Like in Chicago, it's super easy to do.
I had like an MJ mask. I did like a Cubs mask. But here, you mean, it's a little bit harder here. Like in Chicago, it's super easy to do. I had like an MJ mask.
I did like a Cubs mask.
But here, you know, it's a little bit different.
You do a golf stick mask?
I was going to say.
Yeah, I could do like a Pinehurst tribute mask or something.
Maybe they'd let me on their course if I did that.
How's training camp going for you this year?
Training camp's good, man.
It's like a whole new group, new coach, lots of new guys.
Good vibe in the room.
Everyone's pretty excited.
Yeah, I mean, new ownership down there.
Have there been a lot of organizational changes other than personnel?
Like just, I don't know.
I know sometimes new owners, they do stuff,
maybe put new wallpaper up, shit like that.
Yeah, yeah.
Tom, I like to say Tom's kind of like, who's the guy, Mark Cuban?
He's pretty hands-on.
I think they're boys, so it makes sense.
But he's awesome.
He's actually done a lot.
Like, we needed some, you know, pretty major overall to get up to par
with the rest of the league.
And they renovated the locker room.
They, you know, have more, you know, just little stuff.
Like we got a nutritionist now.
We didn't have one before.
Just like, you know, it's less penny pinching.
I know.
We're catching up, boys.
Whitney's like, what's in your bag?
Can't wait for your next photo shoot.
Oh, boys, I'm dialed in this year.
Looking trim.
Darls, are you like Newport News, Virginia?
Is that where you grew up?
No, I was born there.
My dad was in the military.
Oh, no way.
I grew up in Chicago.
So, yeah, I'm from Chicago.
That's where I grew up.
That's like my home.
That's where I, you know, my family lives still.
So, you know, it says Newport News, but I lived there for like six months as an infant.
Because that's where Mike Vick's from.
No shit, I didn't know that.
How did you know that?
I don't know.
I think when he was just murdering the shit out of dogs,
I remember hearing like Newport News.
I don't know how I know that, but I saw that.
I was like, is he  he grew up there?
How the hell does he play hockey?
But I do know you're a University of Maine product.
That's not a  Whoa proud uh they they claim me pretty highly now i went to maine for two years
um you know got out there at the early exit but it was fun playing hockey east we we had a couple
couple good teams some good players actually like a couple guys from my team, like Nyquist and Flynn and a couple guys made it to the NHL.
Not as many as the BC guys or BU guys, but we try.
I mean, you've played some very interesting places.
I mean, I don't know how much you want to dive into it.
Obviously, you made mention of the quick exit
and dealt with some personal issues and stuff.
Like, are you open about that?
I mean, I'll talk about the hockey stuff for sure.
Took the scenic route, you know, played in some cities most people
have never heard of, in leagues people haven't heard of.
The Wichita Thunder, one game in Wichita.
Yeah, you know, when you're slugging out the minors,
you just take what you can get.
There were a lot of teams I played one or two games for.
Yeah, exactly.
But you were fortunate enough to play for the Wheeling Nailers,
the greatest ECHL organization of all time?
Absolutely.
That's where it all happened for me when I was in the wheel.
Oh, and that's how
I got a couple call-ups.
Really?
Yeah, that's where I got like  I actually stuck to a team.
I wasn't signed by anybody like in the A or anything.
And just a couple injuries.
I got to stay with the team the whole year,
finished the year in Wilkes-Barre that year.
And that's, you know, then I got an AHL deal.
And then, you know, the next year I got an NHL deal.
So it was all about my year in the wheel.
Good turnaround.
So you played for Wilkes-Barre.
So did Witt. So did so did I wow that's a
nice uh nice little combo there yeah I never played a game I was on a team for three months
so I saw the locker room you know I was just there hanging out man you were there for three
I was just hanging out one game I was like I was a black ace they went to the finals
oh the year they went to the finals against Nashville?
Or not Nashville, Milwaukee?
I think they lost to Syracuse.
Maybe it was the semis.
It would have been
2012 or 2013.
Oh, okay.
The one year was 2012-13
with Hamilton, according to
HockeyDB.
The one game with Hamilton?
Yeah, that season.
12-13.
The Hammer.
The Hammer is a beautiful place.
Shut your trap. Talk about
your time in Chicago, man.
Playing basically where you grew up.
That must have been fucking amazing.
Yeah, man.
It was nuts.
I was like like, happy to  well, like, after my season,
first full season in the A, I finally got, like, a few, like, contract offers.
Like, I didn't care about money.
I was just like, I just want an NHL deal, blah, blah, blah.
There were a couple teams.
Then the Hawks came in.
I was like, no, don't care about anybody else.
Like, where do I sign?
Like, it was a dream come true, obviously.
And, you know, I was supposed to be like the fourth string goalie there they had Michael
Layton and Antti Ranta so I was like a backup in the A when the year started and then had a big
camp and I guess Q liked me and a couple injuries and I was full-time by February and then you know
that was a good year it's funny that you say uh you didn't care
what you made you signed cheap that may be another reason because they were probably
right on the cap line and hey you're you're uh I guess your non-greed kind of paid off
yeah I don't know I mean it definitely didn't hurt you know with the team that we had they
were definitely cap strapped so playing a league minimum helps, whatever.
You know, I was just happy to even put on the sweater.
At that point, I felt like I was rich because I'd been playing in the East Coast League
and the Southern Pro League for, you know, 200, 300 bucks a week.
Your first paycheck is nuts, isn't it?
Oh, my God.
I was like, I'm the richest person in the world right now.
It's crazy. But it was nuts, I'm the richest person in the world right now. It's crazy.
But it was nuts, man.
And then, you know, obviously, like, that playoffs was crazy.
I got to play a couple games early on and then, you know,
get a couple wins against Nashville.
Then Crawford took back over.
You know, it was just a roller coaster.
It was, like, nuts.
I stressed out more on the bench than I did on the ice.
And then, obviously, we won it, and it was just all like crazy.
That's what I wanted to ask you, Scott.
You just said, you know, you kind of, I wouldn't say stole the starting job,
but it was yours for a little bit.
What's it like in that position where you know it's essentially
Corey Crawford's job, but you kind of have it on hold for a little while.
Do you feel like, all right, once I have a shit game here,
then he's taking his job back?
Are you even thinking of that at all?
I mean, I wasn't really thinking about that.
But, like, I mean, they told me after even  I think I got pulled in game six,
and then he came in, and we won the series that game.
And even if I would have won that game, we would have moved on,
like Crowe would have started game one of the second round.
Like, for sure.
Because he's  I mean, he's that good he's their guy and he and for a reason the guy's probably the most underrated goal in
the nhl you know hopefully he's back soon here um but yeah i wasn't really thinking about that
i was just trying not to like fuck it up you know what were the butterflies like in those first
games it was crazy the first game because i didn't start, obviously, game one.
And then, you know, it's like 3-0.
And then they scored late in the end of the first.
And then, you know, I'm kind of peeking out of the corner of my eye
and Quimble's not looking at me.
I'm like, oh, okay, you know, it's the playoffs.
Like, they're just going to let him ride it out.
And then we go into the locker room and he just comes in.
He's like, you're starting.
I just went in the bathroom and threw up right away.
Yeah, I just went right in the bathroom and puked and then, you know, came in.
We won a double OT and, you know, that's an I'll never forget.
Darls, I got a question.
Obviously, the goaltending relationship between you and your partner,
it could probably be a little uncomfortable
at times especially in a situation where he wasn't playing well so he's probably in a pissed off mood
you go in there you help save the day is there any conversation there where you're like hey listen
I'm just holding the floor right right now for you to find your rhythm because we're going to
need you to take this to the next level like what what happens there like what's that conversation
I don't honestly it was
probably more me like insecure because i didn't want it to be like that so i would try and bring
it up and he would just like laugh at me he'd be like dude you're good like just do your thing we
just want to win because i was like no cruel i'm not trying to like take the job or anything like
i'm just happy to be here you know and he's like yeah don't worry about it you know because i'd
only played like 12 games in the nhl at this point and i was just like you know freaking out kind of didn't want to like piss piss off cory crawford so and
when when he after you you kind of saved the day and he was able to find his rhythm and you guys
went on to win it afterward is there like a hey man like fuck like thank you because if you guys
end up losing out in that round craw Crawford's fucking taking heat all summer.
So did he ever come up to you and say, man, like,
thank you so much for getting us through that?
Like, this is  like, you saved my bacon?
I mean, I don't know if it was like that, but it was pretty cool.
You know, like, after it was all said and done, a lot of the guys, you know,
came up to me and, you know, reminded me, like, hey, we wouldn't
you know, we wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you guys like Taser and crow and you know all those guys which is it's cool because like i was new
and you know it was like my hero was watching the hawks play because i've been a hawks fan my whole
life so and quinnville too he said the same thing you know it was just pretty cool so i'm assuming
you know you're from chicago your your idol is Eddie the Eagle?
Yeah.
Oh, man.
The best thing about Eddie the Eagle is when he offered the cop a billion dollars.
A billion dollars.
Whoa, whoa. I don't know this story.
Dude, you don't know this story?
No.
And I bet you a few of our fans listening don't.
I don't know.
I'm not going to put dolls on the spot.
I also am not exactly sure of the background.
But basically, he was either pulled
over or some cop got him for
whatever, and he offered the dude
a billion dollars. Not a
million. One billion.
He was buckled
at a hotel, misbehaving, shall
we say. Yeah, the cop showed up and
they were about to lug him.
I think he was in a full FUBU suit.
He kept upping his offer.
And he went as high as 1 million to the Dallas Police Department.
Surprisingly, they said no.
No, but, I mean, just getting to play for your hometown team
and where your idol played, it's such a cool thing.
And then you move on to Carolina.
And, dude, I mean mean obviously last year didn't go
as anyone on your team kind of wanted it to go so so going into this year what's the thought
process on how things will change and and how how different's Rod Brindamore in terms of like how
he's approaching talking to you guys than Bill Peters was yeah I mean you know coaches are coaches
but Rod he was our assistant so uh you kind of know him
better and you're like and now it's kind of like can you still kind of you know fuck around with
them and like joke with them and you still can't like i call him coach there they almost killed me
he's like call me rod call me i was like hey whatever you want man like whatever you want
um but he's he's, like, tons of turnover.
It feels like a whole new team, which is, you know, a good thing
because we needed, you know, the franchise has been a little bit of a slump here.
And obviously last year, yeah, like, it couldn't have gone worse for me personally,
which sucks, and it didn't go well for the team.
But all you can do is, like, this summer I just really dialed it in.
I got a big summer, stayed in Raleigh just gotten like the best shape i've ever been in to really you know give it
110 this year and i feel great on the ice and like i said camp's been fun and it honestly feels like
a whole new team in the room so it's like a whole it feels like a new experience they renovated the
locker rooms everything new new people new coaches new teammates. So we're all pretty excited about it.
Go ahead. Sorry.
No, I do it. It's funny. I was working a night last year and,
and I love to hear how great you're feeling right now,
because I expect you're going to have a big year, but I,
I have to ask you about,
it was December cause I was working at NHL network and I think you guys lost like seven or eight to nothing
or whatever.
Oh, yeah, basically.
And you got let in.
They kept you in the entire game, and that was obviously the head coach's
decision.
How pissed off are you?
Because I don't really know goalies.
Like, is there a time you're like, take me out of the fucking game?
Or was that embarrassing?
And I don't mean to bring up negative stuff, but I'm curious.
No, no, it's fine.
I'm a goalie.
I got thick skin, you know, for me, I do, but it's all my cock.
For me, it's like,
I have the personality where I never want to get pulled and like my coach
knows that.
So like he didn't take me out, but that game, like it was,
it was only like four, only like four. So, like, he didn't take me out. But that game, like, it was only, like, four, only, like, four to one
with, like, 12 minutes left.
And then we just stopped playing.
And it was, like, four quick, like, three on ones, you know,
breakaways, bullshit like that.
So, it wasn't like I was sitting there with eight goals against.
I think it ended, like, eight to two.
It was the worst beatdown I've ever had in my professional career.
So, that was not fun.
But, you know, it happens, and it's like it's one of those games where,
you know, the way the game went, even if I had the game of my life,
we lose four to two, you know.
So kind of just got to put that one in the rear view.
Darls, what kind of stuff do you get into off the ice?
Are you a video game guy?
Are you uh music guy
uh i'm a music guy and a movie like tv show guy um i got i need to get i need well i just finished
what did i just like rewatched detective watching ozarks right now um. Ozarks is fucking awesome.
Yeah, just watch The Killing not too long ago.
That was pretty good.
I like that murder mystery stuff.
Did you like Othriller?
Did you watch Succession on HBO this summer?
No, no, it's on my list though.
My buddy told me about that one.
I heard it's awesome.
I watched the first episode.
I got to get dialed into it.
Yeah, it's good shit.
What about Yellowstone?
Did you check that out on Kevin
Klaas? Oh, that one looked unbelievable.
The trailer fires me up. Yeah, it's
real good. Taylor Sheridan wrote
and directed the same guy who wrote
and directed. Oh, yeah. All right. You're the guy. You're the movie TV
guy. Oh, God. I'll take your word
for that one. Yeah, definitely check
it out. Yellowstone. It's beautiful to look at.
Kevin Klaas is good in it.
Paramount Network. Definitely check it out. Yeah,. It's beautiful to look at. Kevin Costner's good in it. It's Paramount Network.
Definitely check it out.
Yeah, that one's on my list.
I was going to joke that I should probably start playing Fortnite, though.
Like, I'm not a gamer.
I hate video games.
But all my teammates are, like, 19.
And all they do is play Fortnite. If I want to be one of the boys, I got to get into these late-night
Fortnite matches or however it works.
Don't waste your time
and you just did a viral video i'm the third oldest guy on the team here i'm like i'm 29
and everyone is like 24 and under yeah and like all they do is talk about the fortnight in the
locker room i'm like i've never seen it i've never played it all i do is hear about it
what about the music pick it up what about the music what do you got going music wise
i don't know man like not too many shows come through here uh i kind of like alt rock heavy
rock in like 90s stuff you know pearl jam stuff like that um obviously i'm down for
well post malone or whatever it may be in a locker room. But I get to the shows when I can.
I was supposed to go see Pearl Jam in Seattle this summer,
but I couldn't make it out.
That would have been a good one.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, fucking unreal, man.
Bands just, unlike athletes, they don't break down as they get older.
Musicians, I think they get better, especially when they play together.
Oh, man.
I saw them at Fenway.
It was unbelievable.
Oh, I was there, too.
That was two summers ago, right? Two years ago, yeah. Yeah, that was one unbelievable. Oh, I was there, too. That was, what, like two summers ago, right?
Two years ago, yeah.
Yeah, that was one of the best shows I ever seen, man.
Yeah, that's when you told me you took a picture of Scott Dunlap
because you saw him and you were, like, afraid to say hi.
You snuckly took a picture of him, no?
No.
Made me sound creepy.
Hey, I got a random question for you.
You went through your fair share of handshake lines.
Do you ever see or hear anything out of the ordinary in any of those handshake lines?
Can't say that I have.
It's always been pretty positive.
Yeah, I haven't really heard anything, you know, other than stories like the Luchich one years ago.
But nothing weird.
Did you say he was going to
kill somebody or something?
Oh yeah, that'll do it.
I'm blank. Who the fuck was it?
It was Lapierre.
Oh yeah, shit.
Yeah, that's right.
Was it not Lapierre?
No, wasn't it someone on the Canadians?
I thought, because they lost.
Grinelli,
do you remember who Lucic basically threatened
in the handshake line, Grinnelli?
Komiseric?
No, no, Komiseric.
He had already punched him out of the league.
Grinnelli, you got internet there?
I don't think it was that Pierre, actually.
Who the hell was that?
All right.
Anyway, Scott, a few minutes ago, you referenced a little bit
of a rough year you had last year.
What would you chalk that up to?
Is it just kind of a rough start and then confidence can go
and everything just snowballs from there?
What was the situation last year for you?
Yeah, I would say that.
Honestly, I kind of let my foot off the gas last summer.
I kind of took a break and I just didn't train as hard as I usually do.
I didn't come to camp in the shape that i usually come in and you know and then you get off to a slow start
confidence and i i like the the replacements quote where it's like it's like quicksand you
know the harder you fight the quicker you sink like i just started overdoing it because i wanted
to do so good and i was like just like not playing the way i'm used to and it was just a huge snowball
effect of bad luck bad goaltending and you know it's one of those years you just can't wait to
be over with darls who are the who are the toughest uh well who are the guys with the
hardest shots in the league and the toughest guys to face kind of stuttered that question out there
oh yeah i mean there's a lot of them uh it's funny one of the new
guys on our team dougie hamilton uh i can't get a read on his shy so big and he has like the longest
stick ever like this weird flex point and i every time he shoots on me i think he's gonna kill me
because it looks like it's gonna go like right at my throat because he loves shooting high and
hard i never understood why d-man do that but it never does and like i just i can't get a read on it yet so
that's one guy um but obviously like playing with kaner for a while like that guy's next level he
he knows what goalies do and he like exploits that he's a big-time student of like goaltending and
he knows like kind of why we do stuff and he knows how to you know he knows
what we're gonna do so he avoids hitting us basically um but yeah i mean all the all the
normal guys like ob like that one timer almost killed me last year like he knocked me straight
on my ass one um mcdavid claimed the fame he hasn't scored on me yet. Knock on wood. He's unbelievable.
You're fucked.
You're fucked.
He's going to put his hands up.
We're going to play this right before you guys fucking do this matchup next season.
Yeah, but I don't know.
He's incredible.
Then, obviously, all the guys you think, they're unbelievable.
Funny story.
Once I was playing the Lightning, and Crawford gave me a little like tip before the game he's like watch out for you know stammer
on the half wall it doesn't look like he's gonna shoot he just snaps it off like oh no yeah okay
i'm like but i'm like yeah okay and then like i'm sitting there and like he's on the half wall
damn close looking like he's gonna pass the next thing i know it's bar down and i was like
holy shit i should have listened to cory oh no yeah but there's obviously guys like that but everyone's good you know even you biz
could accidentally score me maybe sometime whoa whoa it happens no don't go that far don't go
that far don't go hey who scored uh first goal you gave up who scored scored it? Oh, I don't even remember.
I just remember the shorthanded 3-0.
Get off the weed.
What was that, Eagle Energy?
Nice little shout-out there, Darls.
First shout-out.
Anything for the boys, you know.
First shout-out.
I told you, I'm a listener.
I'm a listener.
Enjoying that.
Metabolizing.
No, I don't really remember.
I don't think it was a big-name guy.
I just remember it was the Senators.
It was a shorthanded 3-on-0 because Brad Richards turned the puck over and then stopped skating to yell at the ref.
And I was just sitting there up by myself on an island.
Oh, did you ask first shutout?
Yeah, who was your first shutout against?
First shutout was the Rangers, MSG.
That was pretty cool.
Oh, my God.
Did you guys stay over after the game?
Not a big deal.
No, we didn't stay over.
But I got a cool picture, like, from the net cam with, like, MSG.
Like, you can see the roof and the scoreboard in the background.
That was pretty cool.
We won 1-0.
Margot Robbie's at the away room waiting for you.
Yeah, right.
But you know who was sitting there?
It was actually  I, like, took a skate to the corner,
and, like, I'm minding my own business, you know,
trying not to make eye contact.
All of a sudden, like, Liam Neeson was legit sitting right there,
and it, like, freaked me out when I saw him.
And I just, like, looked up at the ceiling and, like, skated back to my net.
That is wild.
I have a special
I'm going to propose.
What's,
what's his comment when he gets on the phone?
He's like,
I'm,
I have a certain set of skills.
Yeah.
I will find you.
I will find you.
And I will kill you.
And I will shut out your team at Madison square garden.
I'll get to stay over.
Which by the way, that was Dale Weiss, that Lou Cheech almost pom-
Dale Weiss.
Dale Weiss.
Yes, yes.
We were close.
We were close.
He looks like Zedd from Pulp Fiction, doesn't he?
Yeah, he does.
Scott, are you a Better Call Saul fan?
I watched the first season.
I haven't seen the second season.
All right.
What are your top three TV shows of all time, dramas?
Oh, geez.
I don't know.
Wait, wait.
Let Ray get the lotion.
These are beating off.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It put me on the spot like that.
I mean, True Detective season one is like my favorite.
And then I'm a nerd like Game of Thrones.
Love it. No, you're not a nerd like Game of Thrones. Love it.
No, you're not a nerd.
Game of Thrones is...
Is Breaking Bad not the best show ever made?
Breaking Bad is awesome.
Breaking Bad is my number one.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
Season 1 of Prison Break when it came out was unbelievable.
Holy fuck.
Were you playing for the Mississippi River Otters when that thing came out?
I was playing for the North Iowa Outlaws.
The name was even worse.
The name was even worse.
Unbelievable.
Actually, going back, how did you end up at Maine?
What was the whole
Like my senior year I started  senior year of high school,
I started the year in the North American League for the North Iowa Outlaws,
and I got gassed like a weekend of the season.
So I went out to that Eastern Junior League that was out there, the EJHL.
Yeah, yeah.
And I was playing in Albany uh capital district and
you know I had a good season I committed to Maine that's where I got drafted to the I got
drafted the Coyotes after that year and then I went to the USHL and then the Maine oh okay all
right whirlwind senior year whirlwind yeah I mean if you're a senior so you're a senior in high
school and you get cut from your team two weeks into the season.
You got to be thinking, what the hell?
What am I doing, right?
Yeah, maybe I should start studying.
Oh, you got kicked off because you're
You get kicked off because you're
No, no, no.
I got kicked off because of my goaltending, not because of my schoolwork.
I'm just joking.
Like, the hockey wasn't looking too hot, so maybe I should have focused on my academics, but
it all panned out.
Where do you spend all summer?
Usually in Boston, actually.
What?
Thanks for the call, bud.
Yeah, what the fuck?
Dude, this is my first year in 13 years I haven't lived in Boston this summer because
I stay in Raleigh to train here.
You've lived in Boston?
I usually live in Somerville.
Yeah, I train up at Merrimack.
Oh, with Brian
Decord, yeah.
Oh, no shit.
Like me and Schneider.
Yeah.
How did you ever even get involved with him?
I went to his goalie camp when I was a kid.
Like, I'd go for, like, once a week.
And then when I was 18, I started living out there and working as a goalie camp,
and then I just lived out there ever since.
I remember I used to go shoot on the goalies in the summer for them,
and then I would never score.
I'm like, I'm fucking done doing this.
It's crushing my confidence.
Well, that's why they bring you guys out.
Exactly.
They bring the pigeons out.
Darls, any goalies that you like
to kind of emulate or or your big fans over the national hockey league level like we're like
let's say you're you're at the red line before the game and you're like fuck like i'm actually
talking to this guy and you're still like that uh yeah i mean there's plenty because like i'm a big
hockey fan i'll just tell you a funny story uh we had our like right before
our bye week last year we played in Montreal and so I like stayed and I was flying to like Turks
and Caicos for the break and like I'm in the airport the next day like 6 a.m and I'm walking
I walk through the airport I see Carey Price Price pushing his stuff like he was going somewhere and I went up to him to
say hey and he thought I was a
fan and
just brushed me off.
I was like, oh my god.
Does he know this story?
I doubt it.
I doubt it, but I was like, I just stood there in
shock and defeat.
Oh, you never even told him
like, bro, I played against you last night.
No, no.
I just put my foot in my mouth and kept walking.
Are you?
I got a shout out at MSG.
He's going to have to come on and apologize to you.
Hey, yeah, take my bags, you fucking Muppet.
I'll turn the whole Spittin' Chicklets fan base on him.
He'll be barking.
No need to do that.
No need to do that.
But guys like him like
it's still cool to play against him or lundquist i'm a big pekka renee fan but i i got to actually
get to know him and so i consider us friends but he's an awesome guy and yeah but those guys i'd
say i kind of like between renee and bishop is like i'm somewhere in the middle there the way
that i play but i love watching those two guys play.
Daryl, I'm going to turn on the boob tube in December,
and I'm going to see you fucking at center ice shimmy-shaking Corey Crawford if there's a scrum in front of his net or your net.
You mean?
Or, sorry, Kerry Price.
Fuck, I fucked it up.
Oh, no.
Price or  I don't know, man.
God, I said the wrong name.
I think I would have had a better rise out of you guys
if I wouldn't have fucked up the name there.
I was going to say, I would probably let
Crow beat me up because I like him so much.
I wouldn't beat him up. Pricer? I don't know.
He's too much
of a legend. We haven't had a good goalie fight
in a while. Yeah, come on.
I know. Hey, I would love
to. I would love to.
Just for the YouTube video. Just know, just for the clicks.
And then just spank them.
It's really like when could that happen nowadays?
There's no, like, big melees anymore.
Yeah, you need a line brawl,
and then for two goalies to decide a do-si-do at center.
It's not like the SPHL days when you can just get them out all the time.
When you're playing for the Nashville Thingamajigs.
When I was an ice
skater, it was pretty easy.
Hey, when you say you
lived in Boston and you spend a lot of time here, what are
some of the Boston stereotypes that just
crack you up living here?
I don't know, man. You name it.
The awfully annoying sports fans like the patriots
fans and red sox fans and uh people leave their cell phone on
but uh and obviously like the driving is a nightmare there so that's why i was always in
i always like tried to stay in somerville because like I could be just out of the city but still get down there and no problem but I was usually more towards the north
shore when I'd stay out there. Do you go out like in the what the Union Square or do you like head
in town? Crash dude I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah I mean you'd go Union Square for like dinner and
all that stuff uh dinner the movies or whatever. But downtown, I go meet up.
There's plenty of hockey guys and old teammates and stuff that live down there.
So I go and I play in that Foxboro League in the summers.
Do that Wednesday night league.
Oh, yeah.
Just go out there and get shit kicked.
Just like all NHL and AHL guys with no defense.
Really get ready for the season.
with no defense.
Really get ready for the season.
Any good purchases when that 16 million deal was signed last summer?
Oh, it's like that, huh?
I don't know.
You saw that car in the picture.
Yeah, he gets his Rolls Royce.
Wagon.
I love that piece.
That's mine.
I thought it was a kit yeah i just thought it was a kit on the own those chryslers
it's actually duct tape i stole one of the m1 duct tape that i'm there
uh but no that's like the only thing and obviously it's a bit excessive but i mean
it balances out with the cost of living in raleigh. It's basically like you got it for free living here.
That's how I justify it.
A mansion in the Carolinas for like 100,000 down there.
Basically.
Well, Doris, we want to thank you for coming on the pod.
You're actually a lot cooler than I thought
because you look like a complete loser.
I can picture you pretending to be Baker Manziel.
That's a fuck you for that intro. Come back after I gave you a complete loser. Fucking picture. You're pretending to be Baker Mayfield. That's a fuck you for that intro.
Come back after I gave you a nice one.
Don't be so sensitive, Biz.
I know, I know.
So sensitive.
I told you I would have thick skin, but it's all on the end of my cock.
Anyway, we just want to thank you.
Must be nice.
Must be nice.
I just want to thank you for coming on, man.
Great stories.
We're sorry.
Cary Price breezed you.
We're going to let him know and make sure he comes on and apologizes to you.
All right.
Sounds good, boys.
Hey, and, you know, thank you for listening to our podcast.
That means a lot to us.
You're a hell of a guy.
Thank you, guys. I don't care what you want to say.
You're a great guy.
Hey, that means a lot coming from you Whit
alright buddy
thanks for coming on
hey good luck this year
I'm expecting some
big things
big bounce back here
I'm looking forward
to watching
alright thanks buddy
alright see you man
hit me up for some
TV movie Rex
or not
I'll let you know
alright pal
take care
or a stand up 69
with R.A.
while you guys watch fucking Taxi from 1980
or whatever the fuck it is.
Taxi driver.
That interview was also brought to you by Burst.
You know, folks, as you know, we're big vape guys here on Spitting Chicklets,
and we thought you should hear the message from our friends over at Burst E-Liquid
from us to our award-winning listeners, similar to our friends over at Pardon My Take.
You know who we're talking about, the single guy who can't get a date
with a girl because he always smells like an ashtray.
Nobody wants to kiss a guy like that.
You might have a friend or family member who lost their life
to a smoking-related illness.
You still don't want people you love to take part in smoking.
It's just not good for you.
That's who we're addressing, people out there who are smoking.
You're not bad people.
It's just a bad thing you don't want to do anymore.
But today is the day to start making better choices,
and our friends at Burst E-Liquid want to help.
Burst wants to remind you that the first choice towards a better life
is the choice to stop the use of traditional tobacco products.
And when you make that choice to quit,
your first choice in E-Liquid should, of course,
be none other than Burst E-Liquids. Burst is a flavorful, handcrafted e-liquid line with 14 flavors developed with
you in mind because they want you to ditch those traditional tobacco products for good
and start living a better life. With flavors ranging from a vibrant guava dragon fruit to
a more traditional custard tobacco flavor, they even have the most incredible menthol flavored line we've ever tried. And let's not forget my personal favorite,
strawburst. Love that strawberry. It's truly outstanding. We literally can't put it down
and neither will you. So make your first choice toward a better life with Burst e-liquids.
Visit www.vapeburst.com to find your favorite flavor today.
Use the promo code CHICKLETS, that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
to receive 25 off plus free shipping on your order.
And once again, thank you to Scott Darling.
What a fun interview.
That guy, we had some great chemistry with him.
He's a CHICKLETS guy.
I actually texted him to come on, DM. he uh he's like fuck never thought you'd
ask and i said oh geez all right how many more guys like you want to come on make this really
easy battling a little lower body injury but he worked really hard this summer like you told us
so i'm expected some big things at a at a darls i wonder what the boys call him darls you think
i like no idea don't even want to speculate that what up at darls he was fun like you say Big things at a Darls. I wonder what the boys call him. Darls, you think? I like that.
No idea.
Don't even want to speculate that.
Darls.
What up at Darls?
He was fun.
Like you said, he's a listener,
so we kind of had that kind of instant vibing right from the get-go.
It was fun.
It was fun to do, and we enjoyed him.
I love how the Baker Mayfield thing, R.A., do you like that?
Yeah.
Yeah, that was funny shit, man.
Yeah, he was fun.
He was interesting.
He was funny. And, again, that was funny shit, man. Yeah, he was fun. He was interesting. He was funny.
And, again, so many times we have players on,
and not that people, Scott Darling's not on anyone's hit list,
but we have so many guys on and fans are like, wow, I hated that guy before.
Now I like him.
It seems like they get humanized on it.
Oh, R.A. hates Scott Darling.
Okay, let's move on here.
That's a break.
All right, I'll tell him.
I'll DM him.
R.A. hated Scott Darling until that interview.
here that's uh that's all right i'll tell him i'll tell dm all right hated scott darling until that interview um boys let's talk briefly about nylander and his situation and uh one thing that
pisses me off about new school media is when uh these these younger dorky guys on twitter kind of
chime in and dismiss legends opinions for instance b instance, Brendan Shanahan's.
And Grinnell, I want you to play the clip of his comments about, you know,
talking about keeping the core group together and creating a dynasty and how some guys are going to have to take minimal pay cuts,
which, fuck, hey, that's how it works.
Can't keep all the unreal players.
So play it for us, Grinnell.
Kyle and I have the same vision for what we want to continue to build here
and make it sustainable.
So while these things are not easy to do,
Kyle and I are on the exact same page as far as the things we need to do
in order to achieve it.
So we're working hard toward William.
We've drafted William.
We feel we're big fans of William.
We want William to be a part of this but obviously
this is a process that he needs to go through
and
like I said earlier this is
I can speak from
personal experience that
when
when I get together
with some of my old mates
you know from the
cup years in Detroit, um,
we talk about winning together and growing together. And that's what we remember looking
back. And, um, you know, at the end of the day, we all, uh, we all found a way to fit with each
other so that we could keep adding to the group. And that's obviously what we are asking some of our young leaders to do.
There's a lot of other voices, and understandably so.
And like I said, it's not for everyone, and we're not for everyone.
But we think that the players that we currently have,
while it's not going to be easy, we have great confidence
that they have bought into
um being a part of this program and being a part of the Toronto Maple Leafs and representing Toronto
in a way that um they understand what's going to be most important what I hope they can look back
on 20 years 30 years down the road um and what's going to be most important to them is whether or
not they maxed out as an individual and as a team and
have championships to look back on and remember fondly you know and i'm interested to hear your
guys opinion on it i mean the dismissal was from people online saying oh well there was no salary
cap back in and they were making 77 million well guess what that detroit red wings team he's talking
about had eight fucking hall of famers on it and in order to keep eight Hall of Famers on that team, some guys were not getting paid their market value.
So that extra half a million they were given up on
to win some Stanley Cups and have a good time and have a dynasty.
You've played with Pittsburgh when they made the run to the Cup.
That team was doing that every year.
How fun is it?
Do you really care after taxes about a quarter of a million dollars
when you're making six
to have that much fun playing hockey?
And especially in a market like Toronto
where you can capitalize off the ice
better than any other market financially?
I've always said this,
that I know this may sound crazy to people
and I also respect people
who strongly disagree with me.
But if you sign a 60 million contract,
what's the difference if it's 70 million?
Dude, what do you need, the sixth boat?
Yeah, exactly.
Or you need a fucking new money guy if that's going away.
And so in listening to Shanahan, I mean,
you got to also understand where this guy's coming from.
First off, he very rarely makes himself available to the media.
It's kind of a big deal when he's taking questions and stuff.
And I think with this issue, he kind of had to.
And he makes good points.
He's also the guy that's pretty much running the entire organization.
So, I mean, you know, he can say what he wants in the Detroit days.
There's a reason that he hopes these guys are willing to take these deals.
He comes from experience and has proven, listen,
guys took less to Detroit and look what we did.
But then you read Ray Ferraros.
He had a tweet, and I'm going to read it.
It said, players that take hometown discounts, that's in exclamation points.
What are those things called?
Quotes?
Quotes.
Players that take hometown discounts, bad idea.
What happens when you take less?
Teams sign unhelpful players with that extra cash and you don't win?
Or ask you to waive the no trade?
Will they help you going forward?
Nope. So there's a lot of people that say, go get what you're worth. Or ask you to waive the no trade question mark? Will they help you going forward question mark?
Nope.
So there's a lot of people that say, go get what you're worth.
But for me, if Matthews is going to take 90 million as opposed to 110 or 80 as opposed to 98,
and Nylander takes 50 million or 40 million as opposed to 60,
it's like, who gives a shit?
If you're with your boys and you're winning and this team's a wagon and you love being in to i don't give a shit about that
extra 10 million how insane does that sound but it doesn't even matter and you're also making it a
little bit more excessive than it actually is going to be he's going to get eight years i think
that the maple leafs are offering them are like 6.25, and I think he's looking for closer to 7.
And, I mean, there's somewhere to meet there around the middle.
And, R.A., I'll kick it over to you.
He's going to sign another ticket.
I want to kick it over to you, R.A., because you kind of had
were you everyone cocked and loaded a point?
Yeah, I was just very double-checked.
Well, if you don't, because I'll keep talking about it.
No, no, I was just double-checking a fact before I went off and run it.
And I'm not being a dick here, believe me.
But I wonder if Ray Ferraro would feel different if he won a couple Stanley Cups.
And I'm not saying it to be a dick.
In other words, because he didn't win a Cup during his career.
So he's saying, oh, get the money.
But I think a guy who might have taken less money might say, hey, no,
it was worth it for me to not have that money.
And it goes back to what Shanahan said.
You know, when I hope when they can look back 20, 30 years down the road,
what's going to be more important?
I think that's such a bullshit point, too, because Sidney Crosby took
below market value for what he bought.
He took 8.7 million, and they put guys around him that helped him
win back-to-back cups after that he'd signed that.
So I don't really see
like oh like they didn't win so you don't trust toronto's management to sign uh good players and
i'll say this too is there's a lot of other good players and i think some people would have marner
ahead of nylander on the depth scale so he's a little bit more important to sign all of a sudden
oh well they need a they need a defenseman well, he won't sign for anything less than seven,
so let's ship him out of here.
All of a sudden, you're playing in a not-so-good city,
and your team's not so great, and you're not having half a good a time,
and that extra, I don't know what, 50K each paycheck,
is that really a lot when you're making close to 300?
When they won back-to-back cups, he wasn't still making the eight,
seven.
Was he?
Yes.
I think he was on that deal.
Yes.
I mean,
he's been on that deal.
I don't even actually.
Yeah.
I mean,
you're right.
He did always take less.
He took less than market value.
And then,
and then Malcolm had to,
too.
And then look at,
okay,
now here's another example.
Conor Greger,
he's worth every fucking penny,
but you know how much problems are going to have have finding just around him and Dreisaitl?
You got the fight still on your mind.
I know. I'm fucking fired up today.
But am I right?
How are they going to get more guys there?
They don't have any salary cap.
They can't get guys at market value there
because you got to go live in Edmonton.
My question to you guys is,
how much do you think Nylander is actually worth?
Because you have a guy in
David Pasternak who's the exact same
age as him who's making 6'6", and he's
putting up 20 more points a year.
Thank you. How much can this kid ask?
They got passed on a
very good contract, but
hey, you've been playing with some
pretty good players up front
the last couple years. I'm telling
you, it's funny how sometimes you move from a team like that
and now all of a sudden you're not as good because you're not in as good
a line matchup, you're not playing as good of players.
I mean, that's a good team, man.
Things are going to be really fun.
You're going to be able to rack up some points and ride the wave.
And as I mentioned, let's talk marketing dollars in Toronto.
Nylander could probably make at least a couple hundred grand off the ice
a year for doing nothing.
For maybe showing up to a charity event and saying hi
to people.
And he's probably
taking home a missile launcher.
That was definitely Sativa you smoked before
the show, huh, Biz? Holy shit.
You see the bump in the bathroom, too?
Am I coming off as
too negative today?
You're just buzzing, dude. I respect the. Am I coming off as too negative today? No, I'm not.
You're just buzzing, dude.
I respect the shit out of it.
It's fucking good.
It's what they want.
No, basically, I made the comparison before in the show.
The Red Wings was similar to, like, the New England Patriots,
the way they do business.
And it sounds like that's what, you know,
Shanahan's trying to do with Toronto and saying that's the knee land.
Like, basically, you know, when you look back in 30 years, would you rather say I won a couple cups and made fucking a little less money or I maxed out my potential?
So before we go any further, I just want to take a second to talk to you about SeatGeek.
Buying tickets, as we know, can be complicated, can be confusing, but there is a simple way to do it with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets for every type of live event,
whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift,
searching for a last-minute ticket deal to see your favorite NHL team.
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Now the NHL's here, there's no better time to download the app.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest players of the year.
SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for great value
I get it on my phone
it's by far the easiest way I find to shop for tickets
I can be anywhere
boom boom boom
couple quick taps
instantly find the seats
then I'm on my way to the garden for a Bruins game
like I'm gonna do tomorrow
to go see who's in town
Ottawa Senators
just use it for that
so I'm telling you
it's designed to make the ticket buying experience easy than ever saves you so much time they search all the sites they find everything
for you you get the most bang for your buck everything's guaranteed you see where the seats
are beforehand no dealing with dirty scalpers in front of the garden trying to beat you for 50 bucks
doesn't happen every purchase is guaranteed like i said so make sure you go to app for finding the
best deals on every type of ticket from sports and concerts to comedy and theater. Best of all, our listeners get 20 off their first
SeatGeek purchase. That's 20 bucks. So go ahead, download the SeatGeek app, enter the promo code
Hockey today. That's promo code Hockey for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase. SeatGeek,
right seat, right now, right from your phone.
It's going to be interesting.
I mean, you know, he doesn't really have much leverage to stand on.
Basically, Toronto can wait him out,
especially if they fucking keep winning, you know.
All right.
I bet you he could make a salary of 500,000 to 1 million
after his career is over in Toronto
if he's able to help bring a cup back there.
They'll be kissing their feet.
Oh, God, yeah.
They'll never pay for another meal in that city.
They probably don't even do it now.
People will be letting them crush their wives.
I'm so happy they're going to be in Toronto.
It's going to be a fuck fest on Yonge Street.
Wits, maybe you remember, his father had held out once or twice, too, didn't he?
Michael Nylander.
I think his father held out a couple times,
so I wonder if he's getting some advice from the old man or not but hey i'm not
blaming the guy for holding out to try to get his money either i'm just saying is shanahan makes a
good point and if you're just going to dismiss it and be like oh well there was no salary cap back
then they were making 77 million at the time which is 100 million now eight hall of famers eight i'd
love you a nerd voice that's fucking hilarious pretty
good should we move on to something else boys i'm being a little negative i don't like it yeah let's
go to all right hamilton because that's always fun and we have a good time with it right yeah
fight questions right right right this week's all right hamilton is brought to you by keeps
what's up guys if you bought some of our spit and chiclets merchandise that features
us guys on the sweatshirt, you've noticed I don't have anything up top. It's gone. It's long gone.
But you know what? It doesn't have to be gone for you guys. If you're in your early 20s, mid-20s,
it's starting to go a little bit up top, you can do something about it. There's a solution for you
guys I didn't have, unfortunately, 30 years ago. There are two clinically proven medications that
let you keep your hair, and they're completely safe. They're now inexpensive and easy to get. You
don't need to lose your hair if you don't want to. I wish I could have done that. But I'm telling
you guys about Keeps. For five minutes and just a dollar a day, you'll never have to worry about
hair loss again. Okay, man, I regret every day. I wish I could put gel. I wish I could still comb
my hair. Again, you don't want to lose your hair.
It's the worst.
Keep it.
And that's what you want to go to keeps for.
It can be 10 to 35 a month.
Plus now you can get your first month free.
It's a hell of a deal to keep your hair.
It's like I said, the two versions,
they're FDA approved.
They're safe.
A licensed doctor takes a look at your info.
They'll recommend the right treatment.
Don't even have to leave your couch.
No doctor's visits, no co-pays, no nurses, no poking, no prodding, none of that stuff.
There's no reason to put it off any longer, to be frank.
Stop hair loss today the easy way with Keeps.
To receive your first month of treatment for free, go to keeps.com slash chicklets.
That's K-E-E-P-S dot com slash C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
That's a free month of treatment at keeps.com slash chicklets.
Keeps, here today, here tomorrow.
All right, now we're going to take a couple of questions.
This week's subject, in the spirit of the weekend, was fighting.
So I asked for questions relating to fighting.
So that's what we're going to go with.
And our first one it's
at nick cataldi 19 the best scrap what is the best scrap you ever saw in person
wits we'll go to you first
um were you there for me and matt bradley no but honestly man, there's so many good ones. I think it's
the lockout year
in the minors.
When the whole year was cancelled, we had
Ryan Vandenbush on our team in Wilkes-Barre
and he fought
in Wilkes-Barre, Dennis Bonvey
who was on the Hershey Bears
and I'll just never
forget the fight. It must have been at least a minute
and a half. I think it was two minutes long.
You know which one I'm talking about?
Yeah, I've seen it online, man.
You can get it on YouTube right now.
Vanden Bush versus Bonvey.
Bonvey's coming on the pod.
Yeah, I talked to him recently.
I asked him like a year ago.
He said he would,
and then I just kind of obviously I'm a mutant with my brain.
People are going to want him to get his own podcast once he comes on here.
He has some great
Bonesy
But these guys just
Shocked them and there was kind of
Comebacks by both of them and when you thought it was over
They still just toe to toe
I'll never forget that fight
I'm trying to pull it up right now
Alright Grinnell
No go to Grinnell I like Grinnell
Grinnell best fight best scrap you saw, go to Grinnell. I like Grinnell. Grinnell, best fight, best scrap you saw in person.
Now, he didn't specify hockey fight,
because it wasn't all hockey fight.
Just saw if you saw another fight you want to mention, that's that.
The best fight I ever seen was Zidano Char.
I forget who he was fighting.
I think it was someone on the Blackhawks.
He just basically ripped the guy's whole nose off.
It was when Char first had come.
David Cochie, I played with him.
Yeah, yeah.
The guy had just come back from like a broken nose,
and Chara just like completely just ripped his face off.
I remember that fight.
Bleeding everywhere, I remember that.
You want to go, you want to go last.
I'm dialed into this Bomb V. Vandenbosch fight.
So, Whit, the whole clip is over three minutes,
and they go right
off the top of the face-off.
I mean, I can't think of one better than this
off the top of my head. Yeah, but you didn't
see that one.
Right, I know, and it's hard
because this has taken all of my focus, so thank
you very much, Witt.
But live, oof.
What about you, R.A.?
My best scrap I ever saw in person was definitely Jason Giusto
versus Pickle Cameron up the Bunker Hill pocket.
It looked like the Quiet Man.
They fought for about 20 minutes.
Was that a word?
Was that one long word, or was that a sentence?
What's the guy's name, the Pickle?
What the fuck just happened?
Yeah, Kid Pickle.
He had a big nose.
Can you say that whole thing?
Yeah.
These two fought. It was like a legit 20 minute fucking
street fight the whole it was like 100 people watching it was like all over the place it was
it was like a fucking swarm of birds moving all over the it was insane but on ice fight and i
kind of feel bad saying this because one of the guys isn't really in good shape right now but
i was at the garden for that pj stock steve and pete fight and Pete fight. You can pull it up on YouTube,
Hockey Fights.
These guys are just thrashing each other,
killing each other,
straight on, straight rights for three straight minutes.
That's probably the best one I saw in person.
Like I said, Steven Pete,
I guess he's not in a great way these days.
Whatever.
I hope he's doing well.
You got an answer, Biz?
Don't go to the next one?
I'll give a shout out to an old teammate, Scott Sabrin,
in the minors.
Played with him in Ontario and in Manchester
when we won the Calder Cup.
Not a big deal.
And he was a lefty.
And I hadn't really heard anything about this guy,
but I saw him fight a couple times where I felt bad
because it was me and Josh Gratton on the team,
and we were kind of like the quote-unquote heavyweights.
I think that Scott Sabourin was tougher than I was.
And guys kind of like the lower heavyweights to basically middleweights
always got stuck fighting him.
And he would fucking pound the shit out of guys.
And the one  I can't think of one in particular,
but just go watch Scott Sabrin fights.
He would throw with his entire soul.
If he got you, you were toast.
So, shout out to Scott Sabrin.
I wanted to give Bonesy Bonvey a shout out,
but Peter Griffin versus the Chicken is the all-time best.
Yeah, of course, of course.
I mean, come on.
I've seen that one real bad.
That goes without saying, everyone.
You don't really get a long look at it, though,
because it just kind of flies by,
often like with a crashing plane or something like that,
so it's pretty chaotic.
What else we got?
There we go.
Getting the phylo betto on.
Next question we got.
This one, actually, we can all answer this.
Who is the one person you wish you could have fought?
Actually, he said during your career,
because one other guy said, I think I like that.
People love the fighting
questions. That's all you want to talk about.
What's the biggest STD you've
ever fought?
Do you ever take an age test?
What's the biggest cold you've ever fought?
Did you ever have to take an age test, Biz?
Whoa, whoa.
Whoa.
You brought up this Barracuda.
That was Barracuda all over again.
Barracuda.
Oh, God.
Dude, like, what?
Like, let me.
I'm sorry, you brought up STD.
I mean, dude, that's a game changer, not clap.
No, it's more a question of how old you are.
You just sucked the life out of this podcast with the A-bomb there. not not clap no i'm done it's more a question how old you are they were actually kind of
this podcast with the a-bomb there all right this next question is from chief beef at it's
beef man and it's kind of a two-parter also with at brandon stith uh first guy said who was the
one person you wish you could have fought during your career and then the other guy piggybacked i
think i'd like to hear ra answer this one too as one, too, is if I fought, like, who would I want to fight
if I was in the NHL?
You go first, R.A. I want to hear this.
We're going to add Grinelli, too.
If I was in the NHL and could fight,
I did say Pummel, just said fight one guy,
no-brainer, fucking Ulf Samuelsson, man.
He would have turned me, but Ulf Samuelsson, 100, no-brainer.
You don't think Ulf Samuelsson would fight you?
He never fought anybody, dude.
He would pump your eyes shut.
Of course he would, but he never fought anybody.
Every time guys tried to fight him, he fucking never fought them.
Time out, R.A.
Is that true?
I actually thought he had a couple tilts.
R.A., if you said he would fight you at rough and rowdy, would you go him on behalf?
100 you would, R.A.
I wouldn't let you not.
And Cam Ealy was your
walkout guy. Oh, my God.
I'd go like Homer Simpson and fucking
take a dive. No, I mean,
risk getting a severe fucking... I thought you were
going to say book.
He's probably number two. Now we're talking
about concussions. Are you going to fight him or not?
Do you care about Cam Ealy, yes or no?
Money talks and bullshit walks.
Every man has their price. If the money's right, I'll jump in the ring
with Al Samuels.
You had to last the whole fight.
If I'm getting in the ring with Al Samuels
or any pro athlete,
anything less than a million, that's where we're starting.
Yeah, right.
A million, easy.
But man, you're not even close to
in shape. I'd take 50K. What's that mean? Well, it means like, come man, you're not even close to in shape. I'd take 50K.
What's that mean?
Well, it means like, come on, man, a million?
No, I mean in shape.
The top MMA guys are barely making that.
Grinnelli, if you could fight one NHL guy in your fictional career,
who would it be?
You know what?
I'd fight anyone who is mean to any of you guys because I'm a team guy.
Thanks, Grinnelli.
You're such a great kid.
That's what I'm here for, boys.
Who are you fighting in the NHL right now?
Oh, God.
If I could fight anyone in the NHL right now.
Or even in the past, someone you just hated, even a little guy.
Probably Thomas Placanik because, like I said before,
he grows such a good beard, and I can't grow a good beard.
So, like, I would fight him solely because
his beard is so good. Give me your
man-stamping tips, you fucker!
Who else had a good beard?
Who tramps you in bed?
Exactly.
Ah, shit.
What, Doug?
Nobody even comes to mind.
Somebody I'd love to fight.
God. Wait, Derek Morris? Because he ran your show when you guys played in Arizona here?
Yeah, I still don't even understand.
I went on a bachelor party with him, and then he's trying to kill me.
I think, yeah, that was  I'm still waiting for an apology.
You think you're punk-ass celebrating in front of our goalie.
You guys scored a PP goal, and you were like, ha-ha.
Overtime winner.
I didn't even score it either hey i'll say this derrick morris is one tough customer oh my god he has bowling ball hands
really does he that he didn't fight a shit load did he yeah but when he did he
shocked him because he was a fucking awesome player people yeah people knew too that he like
don't fuck with derrick morris no yeah, they're, like, sneaky tough.
If he gives you a cross check, just pretend it didn't happen.
So you don't have one guy?
I actually can't think of someone that, like, I really hate that much.
People are going to say, oh, why don't you say Avery?
Like, did you ever have any beef with him on the ice?
No, never had any beefs with him.
Any? You guys ever seen him?
I can't even think of
anyone. I really can't. You know what I'd want, boys?
I'd want a rematch with
Revo. Oh, really?
I know.
I love the guy, and I know he's tougher than me, but that
last showing I had was painful.
So fuck you, Ryan Reeves. I'm
calling you out.
Penner beat me up in college when he was 18.
Should we line up a scrap on the blades between periods when we play the Golden Knights this year in Arizona?
We get the new Jumbotron and everything.
Maybe that'll spark the boys.
Oh, by the way, Arizona Coyotes have been getting fucked over by officials.
They've hit every post.
Well, still, wait until the awards. Arizona Coyotes have been getting fucked over by officials. They've hit every post.
Well, still, wait until the awards season.
They're going to win every award.
They're actually going to hold it in Glendale, the NHL awards this year.
Well, yeah, they should.
We got the new Jumbotron.
But that's what I got.
Actually, that's a good answer.
I think that's a really good answer.
Anytime I think a guy loses. I don't even have an answer.
He always wants a second crack.
So, what, it's no dice for you?
You don't
I'll keep thinking.
I'll keep thinking, but I don't know.
Right now I got nothing.
What about a player from the past maybe that you didn't play against?
Fuck him.
He's lost his time, and he just tripped the oats.
Okay.
And we got the
We're saving the best for last.
Okay.
This question is from at Austin Fox 15.
Imagine gritty is a UFC fighter.
What is his entrance entrance music?
I mean, this question is not very good already.
I think it's kind of, we've got one more left and we talked.
It's all fight, fight, fight.
Eric Clapton cocaine. That's your answer. There's good fight, fight, fight. What's a good one?
Eric Clapton, Cocaine.
That's your answer to this.
Good one.
Grinnelli, what do you got?
Damn.
Oh, God.
I don't know.
Something just like absolutely ridiculous, like LMFAO or like the Party Rock Anthem.
Something stupid.
All right. I'm going to go with Me So Horny by 2 Live Crew.
That sounds like a song Gritty would come out to.
You know what
I think Gritty would come out to?
And you know, this song
also, when I was checking
into a hotel in
Sharapovets, Russia,
it was playing in the lobby. It might not
have been Sharapovets. I'll never forget it. It was a
hotel lobby. And all of a sudden,apovitz. I'll never forget. It was a hotel lobby.
And all of a sudden I listened.
I was like, what the hell?
And I could see Gritty coming out to this too.
My neck, my back, my pussy and my crack.
And then Gritty's just like grabbing his dick.
Actually, he don't even know what he has down there.
But he's just looking at everyone saying these filthy words.
And like in Russia, I was just shocked.
I'd be shocked to see Gritty come out with something like that.
I think it would be apropos for Gritty to come out with a Volga song
because he's a pretty Volga individual.
So what else we got going on, boys?
Any other notes, tidbits, pieces of information you want to share with the public?
No, I can look at my podcast subjects that i have in my notes see if there's any way
oh um but oh by biz i meant to ask you what did you think of my um my helmet collection last night
on instagram yeah you were out of control did you see them what's the out the joffers oh so i like
sharing uh interesting either comedians or episodes of shows.
I like to share sometimes things that I've discovered very late into their existence.
And I discovered a comedian about a year ago, maybe a little longer, named Bo Burnham.
Have you guys heard of this kid?
No.
St. John's prep kid.
Of course I know Bo Burnham.
He's from Boston?
He's a North Shore kid.
Yeah, absolutely.
He's hilarious.
Really then? he's a genius
is what he is unbelievable he's he's got uh the what do you call it the piano keyboard
that he can play very well he can sing and his humor is so advanced he's a funny guy
hey biz real quick can i tell you that in high school when bo burnham when i first found bo
burnham i used to perform I would
at parties I would sing his songs and pretend that I wrote them his like keyboard songs yeah
I swear to god and you know how to play the keyboard no I wouldn't play the keyboard but
I'd be like oh I'll do a comedic freestyle and I would do like a Bo Burnham song I love you I love
you admitting you lied to chicks to try to get laid at parties
by bass and pretending you were Bo Burnham.
Can you remember one specific song?
Oh, God.
You listen to the rants he would go on on YouTube.
He would do all these funny different songs
with rants in them.
But anyway, he had a Netflix special.
His first one.
Awesome. Tons of laughs. Very advanced
humor. And I'm thinking, okay, is this a one-off,
or can this guy actually repeat it?
And he kind of went away for a bit, and he came back with another special.
I watched it this summer with Gordo, Boyd Gordon,
and he was going nuts.
It was unbelievable.
So if you haven't seen his specials, go watch his first two,
and you guys will love him.
Bo Burnham is the guy's name.
All right. Biz giving out comedy recommendations. Witz, you you guys will love him. Bo Burnham is the guy's name. All right.
Biz giving out comedy recommendations.
Wits, you got nothing for the fellow?
I bet.
I think Wits looks like he has about four grand on Dallas right now.
I don't know.
I don't know about you all.
I actually have Houston, but I'm up this week finally.
Even with the McGregor loss, I was 3-0 in football today.
Houston would be 4-0.
I have the Kings. That's what's going on there
in the first period. I have the football game on.
I took fucking, when
Toronto played Ottawa last night,
3.5 was their goal total.
They had three goals after two periods.
Couldn't get one goal in the third period. I was
fucking sick. That's how bad it's going for me right now.
So, whatever.
Why don't we fire up ra's gambling corner
yeah actually yeah well not this week we can uh we can do it for thursday's episode i can do a
little pre-scout and pick out some games from the weekend so people you know won't be oh you mean
actually do your homework oh okay cool um all right oh speaking of homework what's uh everybody
looks like they drank their uh new amsterdam vodka and lemon pink lemonade they were calling
them pink whitneys do you object to that name, Ryan?
No, I'm a pussy.
By the way, I had one of those at like 8.30 in the morning today.
Now it's 11.20, so I have to go.
You have it with New Amsterdam vodka.
Yeah, of course I did.
Legit, on the first hole, New Amsterdam vodka, pink lemonade,
striped one down.
Do we know how many times it's been filtered?
What?
Is that a thing?
You know how you filter it?
The more times it's filtered, the better quality.
Do we know?
I think it was thrice filtered, wasn't it?
I think you're thinking of like a...
Or distilled.
Water filter.
No, I'm thinking of...
No, vodka's distilled.
That's right.
Listen, I'm stupid, but I ain't that stupid.
You guys want to talk more about the microphone?
My brain is in overdrive right now. All right, well, hey, but I ain't that stupid. You guys want to talk more about the microphone? My brain is in overdrive right now.
All right, let's wrap this thing up.
I'm trying to think of other songs for gritty, too.
I'm coming back next week with a different gritty entrance tune.
We'll do a gritty playlist for next week.
All right, everybody, again, up in Canada, enjoy your Thanksgiving.
Put it in my mouth.
Hope you have a great day.
My motherfucking mouth.
Shout out to my buddy, Kenny T, for hooking me up with his internet the last few weeks. Everybody have a great day shout out to my buddy kenny t for hooking me up with
his internet the last few weeks everybody have a great week get her done
