Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 116 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Happy Sunday there with the boys. Let's say hello to them first.
A little stumble there. Paul Bissonnette, let's go to you first. Where are you these days?
AZ, getting ready for a big road trip. Big four-game swing.
Three games against the Central Division, boys.
It's going to be tough sledding for the Yotes, but hey, road warriors, baby.
Got a W, finally. They scored a
goal. They did. Fuck you guys.
Hey, quick note.
I'll take credit for the win.
I took a deuce in the wives' lounge
at the Anaheim Ducks
Honda Center the other day, right
before I pre-gamed. And an incredible picture
was sent to us. Hilarious.
The boys needed it.
They needed me, and I bared down.
I took a deuce, left her there, stunk it up a little bit.
I'm sorry to all the wives that probably had to smell my deuce
after when they got to the rink, so I'll be done now.
I'm sorry I kept rambling on there.
That's a new form of slump, Basto.
What's up, Ryan?
Wait till you say hello to the audience.
How are you everyone
what's going on fellas um remind me later in this episode maybe they're the end grinnelli
i listened to the broadcast of the anaheim ducks versus the phoenix coyotes on the drive home from
jersey wednesday night i got a bunch of stuff to say about biz on that it is a full-blown comedy
show but how are we?
I went to the Red Sox last night.
Obviously hammered them.
They lost.
Then I got dummied today when the Bears just lost.
I'm down a ton of money.
I'm hungover.
But I'm here Sunday night for all you fans listening.
Wow, listen to that.
And our super producer, Mikey Grinelli, what's going on, brother?
What's up, guys?
I'm very happy to see you guys in your sport and your spit and chiclet sweatshirts.
They look awfully comfy.
Quick question.
Why, when my videos pop up on Instagram, why does it look like my camera is like a camera R.A. used to record himself being Hacksaw Jim Duggan like when he was 10 years old?
Because your laptop stinks.
Yeah, you need a fucking new laptop.
Keep bragging about being a millionaire,
and our fans have to watch you.
I thought my laptop was sick.
It's like this razor thin.
It's also because you don't put it on a flat surface.
You don't have it on a flat surface right now.
These guys got theirs on a table.
Oh, I got mine on my lap.
Yeah, it's TRX80.
Well, it's constantly trying to focus on that ugly movie.
Oh, is that what it is?
Yes.
Okay, boys. All right, I'll get to fixing that. I'll Oh, is that what it is? Yes. Okay, boys.
All right, I'll get to fixing that.
I'll get to fixing that.
Get an office.
You have, like, what, an eight-bedroom house?
I have an office.
I just have to, like  it's just an empty room.
I think I have, like, a couple golf clubs in there.
Was Fenway good?
Did somebody just build the office?
I don't want to do anything for it.
Go ahead.
Sorry.
Was Fenway good and juiced up last night?
What's everybody shit-faced out of their minds with a
Yeah, it was  You know what, though?
It was a boring game. I'm not kidding.
Baseball. There wasn't much
to cheer about, so it sucked. We had great
seats, me and my buddy Riley.
Fenway Park drinks, for people who don't know,
maybe it's the same at every state. It was just
crack beer. You have
four of them. You're just cross-eyed
screaming at
work. You're saying
you call them coke beers?
Yelling at the ump when he calls
Benintendi out strike three look at him
screaming at him. I'm like what am I doing
right now? These beers are ridiculous.
Yeah and then the whole
season on the fucking David
Price. That's not good but
it was only a matter of time boys.
Something ugly happened where we got to talk about
it. It seems like we can go a couple weeks.
I know what you're going to say.
Mike Matheson, Florida
defenseman. He got made to look
silly by Vancouver's
Elias Pedersen.
Didn't like it. Went over. Gave him a check, a
legal check into the boards as
Pedersen was following Matheson.
Kind of pushed him, slammed him into the... Yeah. Sorry. was falling. Matheson, like, you know, kind of slammed them into the, yeah.
Sorry.
I saw a thing that he told the media his name's Peterson.
Do you want to redo it?
No, let's keep it going.
Everybody's been fucking up his name.
Yeah, okay.
That's actually true.
No, actually good.
Now we can make it.
Because the two Ts, the two S's, Sweden, I just figured it was.
No, I've been saying Pedersen too.
All right.
So it's Peterson. Okay. I probably fucked the been saying Pedersen, too. All right, so it's Pedersen.
Okay, I probably fucked the Elias or Elias part.
So Elias Pedersen.
Elias Sports Bureau Pedersen.
Exactly.
Basically, Matheson, you know, people claim he finished his check,
but that's really not.
You don't push a guy down toward the ice to finish a check,
and that's what he did.
You do if you got walked.
Well, there you go.
That's why we're
going to talk about it so uh but pedison really really hit the ice hard it looked pretty woozy
getting up after i'm not sure if his head or his shoulder took the brunt of it uh needless to say
people are taking both sides of it department of player safety has already reached out said
there's a hearing already for matheson uh for the tweets at interference slash unsportsmanlike
conduct uh you just said biz because the guy got walked which what do you what do you think it was Matheson for the tweets at interference slash unsportsmanlike conduct.
You just said biz because the guy got walked.
What do you think?
Was it dirty?
Was it excessive?
What's your take?
I got some strong opinions, but biz is foaming at the mouth.
Why don't you lead us off?
All right.
I'm sorry.
No, I'm not foaming at the mouth.
I was actually going to fucking  I was going to say they had a call
with player safety, but it had nothing to do with the hit.
It had to do with putting fucking Matheson in Wittener's protection program
because Canucks fans are bananas.
They are nuts.
I mean, you saw when they lost the cup, they riot.
Why wouldn't they be nuts?
49 years, they never won the cup.
Correct.
And now they got their crown jewel.
They got their boy.
It came out of nowhere.
They got their superstar.
I know.
And Matheson gets walked, and they're like, ah, yes, he's doing it again.
He's going to score.
And then all of a sudden, Matheson tries to put him through the fucking
Earth's crust, and now they're all not going to work tomorrow.
They're all going to plot the death of Matheson.
So I'm a little concerned for him.
They're going to have to put him in the witness protection program for sure. I can't believe he has a hearing with the Department of Player Safety.
I can't believe it.
It's not anything that has ever before even been brought to the attention
of the league, I don't think.
He's way stronger than the kid, and he hammered him,
and he was pissed off, and he pushed him to the ground.
It's almost kind of like he's being punished that he pushed a kid who's,
I don't want to say weak, but he's definitely not big.
He's not that strong.
He's so young, so skilled, he doesn't really need to be.
But I can't see how that could be a suspension.
It wasn't  I don't know.
Did you think it was really dirty, Biz?
I just  you know, he followed through with his arm.
I mean, it's not like he crushed the guy in the head.
To keep the Canucks happy, I don't know, give them a game?
Like, fuck.
But, like, people are saying, like, oh, my God, it's ridiculous,
you know, double-digit games.
What?
People are saying that?
Well, yeah, you know the knee-jerk reactions online.
People say everything.
Their young superstars went down, so they want people to pay for it.
But, I mean, I don't see a reason for a suspension here, man.
I think of a suspension.
Was it clean? Was it clean? No.
But was it fucking dirty? Was he trying to fucking injure him? No.
He was trying to finish his hit and stiff arm him.
And he just so happened to kind of beast mode him Was it fucking dirty? Was he trying to fucking injure him? No, he was trying to finish his hit and stiff arm him.
And he just so happened to kind of beast mode him and just chuck him down like a teddy bear.
It does suck, though, for Canucks fans.
That Peterson, he scored his fifth goal of the year already,
I think earlier in that game.
He's just dominated.
He's done exactly what I said he would do.
Thank you.
I think he's the first Canuck in a long time to score in his first five games.
And he's the most exciting prospect that the Canucks and their fans have had
since Pavel Bure.
So, naturally, people are furious.
But I guess I understand where the league's kind of
Travis Green after said it was a dirty play.
And he also said, I kind of think that the league talks about protecting
their young stars,
and this is one of those players.
So maybe because it's him.
I'm wondering if that's a fourth line guy,
if he gets called in for a meeting with the DOPS, Georgie Peros, our boy.
That absolute animal.
That guy was tough as shit when he played.
Oh, my God.
But I don't like it.
I don't like it.
All right.
Do you think it was bad? I don't like it i don't like it all right do you think it
was bad i don't think i'm watching it right now i don't think it was suspension worthy and the issue
i have with it is you know when you follow through with a check you're not putting a guy on a downward
trajectory that's the issue i have is that pedison's kind of vulnerable there he did take
take the hit he's in a vulnerable spot and you're pushing him down into the ice that's not how you
check a guy i mean and this isn't people so all And you're pushing him down into the ice. That's not how you check a guy. I mean, and this isn't,
people say, oh, Ray, you're an old school guy. You don't like it.
I say, well, that wasn't really how big guys
hit him back then. I've done that
play a hundred times. I think that's been done
a long time. I just,
you hit him and then you just push him down. I couldn't do it.
I wasn't strong enough, but people did it.
Yeah, and maybe, like I said,
Peterson isn't the strongest guy.
He's a young kid. He doesn't have a ton of muscle on him, and he's going you said, Peterson isn't the strongest guy. He's a young kid.
He doesn't have a ton of muscle on him, and he's going down a little bit harder.
And actually, when you watch it in real time, the first time,
like, while it's live, it doesn't look too bad.
I think when the focus is on it and you see it, it does happen kind of quick.
No, suspension, I don't think it's worthy of a suspension.
I don't know.
It's just a violent hit. I don't know. It's just a violent hit.
I don't know.
Like I said, I just have a problem with the guys.
Like, he's throwing them down toward the ice.
There's no give.
He's going to hit something hard, and it's probably not going to be a good result.
I mean, if this guy's concussed, then, you know, is it really a clean hit?
You could say that it definitely wasn't necessary,
but you could also say for a long time it's kind of
how guys have finished checks i mean trust me if you suspend this guy and give him at least a
substantial amount of games let's say like three or four games for this you're opening up a whole
a whole new can of worms because it's just like fuck man are we gonna nitpick the game like crazy
it's every it's every day all of a, all these random people online have a voice,
and that's what pisses me off about it.
It's just like, yeah, it wasn't the cleanest play, but Jesus Christ, man,
fucking multiple games for just throwing him down a little bit extra.
He was already on the way down.
He just kind of fucking stiffed on him.
I don't know.
I don't see much reason to talk more about it.
Yeah.
I mean, I think we all agree, not worthy of a suspension.
Just, you know, yeah, we have seen it. It just had a little bit more oomph than I think we all agree, not worthy of a suspension. Yeah, we have seen it.
It just had a little bit more oomph than I guess we used to see.
I'll say this.
Give them two games so nobody fucking tweets me tomorrow telling me I'm a
fucking moron.
No, they're going to tweet you no matter what part.
You just got to learn how to tune it out a little bit more.
That's all, brother.
I'm a little argumentative, though.
I'm fucking stubborn, boys.
I am, too, but you got to remember.
I'm stubborn with people I know, though.
Exactly. I mean, these are internet people whose minds you're probably not going to fucking change. You're I am too, but you got to remember. I'm stubborn with people I know, though. Exactly.
I mean, these are internet people whose minds you're probably not going to fucking change.
You're an internet person, all right?
What's that?
You're just an internet person yourself.
Yeah, I definitely am.
You live on the internet.
I don't know.
Here and there.
Well, Twitter, I feel like you're always on.
Yeah, Twitter, I'm on frequently because I'm a news junkie, though.
The best is when RA's like, I didn't have time, and he's just like, go check his timeline.
You're like, oh, really?
That's weird.
I'm pretty good about it.
It's like Bloodsport premiering 3.15 on AMC 13.
I'm very aware of my fucking sleep-in-the-drills.
Not sleeping at night.
I'm very aware.
I know I posted my blog at 5 o'clock this morning.
I'm not fucking stupid, but I literally wrote it during the game
because I was able to sit there with my laptop.
I fell asleep after the Sox game, woke up, and fucking hit publish.
Bruins are buzzing.
Bruins are buzzing.
All right.
All right.
Speaking of that, you did write a blog yesterday, did you not?
Actually, that's what I'm talking about, 5 o'clock this morning.
So technically it was today, but you were starting to write it yesterday,
but then Bloodsport came up.
So tell us about the article.
Well, it was just a typical recap, but I did emphasize that David Pasternak,
he's in the second year of his six-year 40 million deal,
and he may well be one of the best bargains in the NHL,
given the way he's played the last couple of years,
the way he started this season. And then, you know, a further review of the best bargains in the NHL, given the way he's played the last couple of years, the way he started this season.
And then, you know, a further review of the Bruins roster.
I know people are going to fucking love hearing this.
You know, they got three of the best players in the league under way under what they would
be getting, I think, if they signed deals today.
Way at Marshawn, Bergeron.
I mean, I think Bergeron's 6'8", I think he is.
You know, Taves and Anze Kopita, who are always the two guys he gets compared to,
those guys make 10 and 10'5".
You know, Taves makes 10'5".
So it's like, you know, he's taking fucking 3.5 million,
less than probably what he could be getting if he really wanted it.
Marchand, obviously, is an 8 million player.
Impostinac, he's probably an 8 million player, too.
So the Bruins did a great job locking these guys up.
And Chiarelli, it should be noted, did a wonderful job with Sagan,
locking him up until, of course, he traded him.
I mean, Sagan was just making less than 6 million up until his last deal.
So the Bs are doing pretty good with getting guys who want to be there,
getting them out of bargain.
All right, I'm convinced that has a lot to do with, well,
obviously good management, but guys buying in and guys taking fair deals.
Because if a guy like Bergeron's doing it, Marchand's not going to not do it.
That's exactly it.
And it trickles down.
And that's why they've had such a decent run of being relevant in the NHL.
I mean, since they won the Cup, they've probably missed playoffs, what,
a couple times?
Maybe once or twice? Maybe once. I know at, a couple times? I think maybe once or twice.
Maybe once.
I know at least once.
I'm not sure if it's twice.
There was a bit of a dip a few years ago, but they're back to being relevant.
They have a very strong team, and that's a big reason why.
You've got a bunch of guys on very fair deals, and it goes back to the Nylander thing,
and it's like, fuck, how can you tell me Nylander's worth more than seven
when guys like this guy are taking fair deals?
And I know it's like, oh, it's a different guy, different situation.
Fine, fucking wait out for the money.
I don't give a shit.
It ain't my fucking pocket.
But if you want to win games and you want to have a good, solid squad,
if you guys are going to have to leave a couple hundred, you know,
three, four hundred grand on the table a year, who gives a shit?
You were right in saying it was all about Bergeron.
Once they got him locked in at that,
he's the type of guy,
everyone respects him so much
that you're just thinking,
I can't ask for 2 million more
a year than Patrice Bergeron.
What was Marchand's deal? He makes a little
bit more than him, doesn't he, or no?
Just because of timing?
What is it? 100 grand more than him a year, Cordelli? Does anyone know and it's no no but is it but it's what what is it a hundred grand more than a year of credelli does anyone know marshawn's deal
yeah taking a closer look at those numbers biz bergeron makes like 6.875 million which is
actually second highest among forwards great she's making 725 for uh two more seasons after this one
uh then pasta knack 6.6 is across the board. Boshan's actually 6.125 mil.
He's signed through 20, 25.
Holy shit.
That might be the best.
That's the best.
I mean, Pasternak and him together making under 12.
Is that what it is?
Or, you know, under 13.
Holy shit.
Yeah.
That's kind of one superstar now.
They got two maybe not superstars, but right uh very close if they're not considered superstars and they're making
you know that what what mcdavid's making it's just i think that that line it was last year
was the best line in the league and it nothing's changed i think you know you wonder if stuff
changes over the summer all three of them look as good as they've ever been. And watching
them right now, I mean, I see all the Bruins games. They
are just crushing teams. Detroit
had no chance. It looked
like an AHL team.
The Bruins wasn't around. I guess this is more
of a question for the listeners. And
I guess you guys. Who are
some other guys in the league that are on ridiculously
good deals and for long
periods of time? obviously second was,
was one that you mentioned when he signed in Boston and then was moved to
Dallas.
I'm fucking shocked.
They couldn't get more of a return based on what his number was.
But I mean,
who else?
I mean,
obviously sit and Malcolm come to,
to come to thought because they're the two of the best centers in the
league.
And you know,
they,
they're only making 8.7.
No, don't they make more now?
Did that ever go up?
No, 8.7 was the last deal Sid signed.
8.7777777.
I'm serious.
I'm fucking serious.
I think it is.
The best deal, maybe not the best, but you can argue it,
is Roman Yossi, who I think he makes like 4.1, 4.2.
I'm not exactly  he's a stallion.
Not only is a man rocket, sick defenseman.
Another big deal is Wayne Simmons, who's on the last year of his deal,
but he's been under 4 million.
He's at 3.975 million.
That's an unbelievable deal right there.
Yeah, I've mentioned him before.
He's towards the end. One thing that sucks about for him, I think is, is he's kind of,
I wouldn't say he's tailing off, but you know, he, he plays a hard game. He's a little banged up.
I don't know if he's ever going to capitalize financially based on what he should have made.
Some of these guys are on fair deals. Like let's say Sagan was, well, he ended up getting fucking
paid is, is is Simmons gonna get paid
in free agency I mean he ain't gonna be starving but those are years you're never gonna get back
I mean you looked at Burroughs when he signed that four-year eight million dollar deal when
he's making two million two million a year when he was scored in 30 with uh with the Sedin twins
now people are like well he ended up not turning out to be an elite player, but still
imagine how much his agent could have capitalized based on the fact he scored 30 back-to-back years
or close to that. And also it's true what you say that Simmons has kind of gone through that time
where he's been underpaid for so long, but the game last year, he was hurt a lot and it wasn't
off year. So if he can come back this year, I think, I still think he was hurt a lot uh and it wasn't off here so if he can come back this year i think
i still think he could get a pretty big payday but he certainly you know if he was able to be a ufa
you know three years ago two years ago god people would have just been shelling out shekels for that
guy and fans feel free to tweet us and let us know some other really fair deals around the league
we were interested in i mean everyone's got their perspective because you're focusing on your own team that you follow.
Yeah, Simmons definitely has had some bad time.
And just with Roman Yossi making 4 million this year and next year,
then he'll be unrestricted for 2020-2021 season.
And Sid's still at 8.7 million, but Gino's making 9.5 million.
So Gino actually makes more. He didn't take the cut. He's rushing on. Hey, hey, hey. Three cups, but Gino's making 9.5, so Gino actually makes more.
He didn't take the cut.
He's rushing on.
Hey, hey, hey.
Three cups?
Enough.
I get my money.
Now, saying that,
I feel that that's still
a bargain for Gino.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
For sure.
So he still took less money,
not close to Sid,
but that just shows you
the type of guy Sid is.
You're probably going
to talk about shit.
Yeah, he's like,
ah, no, Louis Vuitton prices go up.
I can't sign Jeeper, no.
So anyway, yeah, the three Bruins, though,
you're basically paying what's 19.5 million for Bergeron,
Marchand, and Pasternak for the next couple of years,
and that is ridiculous.
And speaking of the Bruins, we do have Charlie McEvoy
and Ryan Donato, both at the same time.
We interviewed them a little while back.
It's going to be coming up in a little bit.
Some other notes to get to around the league.
Duncan Keith played in his 1,000th game.
Wow.
Good for him.
Round of applause, boys.
Round of applause.
Rocky player.
What kind of
Holy shit.
Quick Duncan Keith story.
I don't know him.
He's a quiet guy, Biz, I think.
Yeah, he's a quiet guy.
But when he was in the lockout year,
when the whole season was canceled, my rookie year pro,
I don't know if it was his rookie year pro
or he'd been in the AHL the year before.
He went to college for a minute, and he jumped to the WHL,
and he was the same draft as me.
I was picked way earlier than him.
No, so I don't know what it was, though.
We played Norfolk, Norfolk Admirals,
and I got in a fight with a Russian, Anton Babchuk.
He hit Chris Kelleher, my boy, Kells.
Oh, I love Kells.
Best guy.
I was on the team.
Only pro with a worse body than me
but the best guy in the world
he hit Anton Babchuk
hit him from behind and I went over and dropped the mitts
chucked him down in Wilkes Fair
and after
Duncan Keith was just chirping
me you pussy Whitney
you suck and then forever
whenever I played against him the rest of that year
later on in the NHL he didn't say anything to me
because I wasn't worth his time.
He would just shit talk me.
He hated me.
I'd love to get him on here and maybe ask him,
why'd you hate my guts so much?
You know why?
Because you went before him in the draft, man.
He's a competitive guy.
He took some of the signing bonus money.
And I remember thinking, this guy's nasty.
Like, he's so fast.
He just hops around the ice.
Insane skater.
And he tapes like a fucking pound of tape around his ankle yeah and i was like how does this guy that's why i started doing i thought i'd be i'd
gain a step oh i tried it i remember doing like a whole roll of clear back when the ankles got
real bad i'm like if keith can do it i could do it i couldn't even cross over oh man we got to get
uh we got to get uh keith Yandel on here to tell a story
about one of the French guys who played for the Phoenix Coyotes,
Francois Lessard or something.
Oh, Frankie Lessard.
Frankie Lessard.
I've heard those stories.
And he would put a whole roll of clear on each shin pad
and down to his ankle.
I think Duncan Keith's a full roll of cloth, black cloth. Around his ankle so i think duncan key's a full roll of of cloth black cloth around his ankle i'm
pretty sure that's what was new ski told me once because was new ski used to do the same thing i'm
like these chicago dudes just fucking tape their ankles here's a duncan key story is uh so good
jeez and wilson the head trainer for the coyotes was like uh i wouldn't say molding his skates but punching out his skates
in arizona when i was playing here well i asked i was like whose skates are those like oh duncan
keys i'm like well why wouldn't you just do that at home and they're on a road trip he uses a new
pair of skates like every five games well yeah when you tape a roll of tape around him they
roll them pretty quick that's why he does it he loves them super stiff he uses 20 pairs of
skates a year no that's what they were saying yeah oh my god i would love if i could break in
wheels like that breaking in wheels took me about three weeks because i wore skates from 1973 i
would love to just sit on the bench the whole game i'd put tucks on the bottom of Uggs. Did you have nights when your feet just killed
when you played like two minutes?
Oh, yeah.
I would loosen them up as the game went on.
I might have got one shift in the third when I played.
Hey, legendary former BU player.
Just remind me of a quick story.
Sean Bates.
You guys know the name?
Batesy.
Kaka.
Yeah.
So Batesy's a legend around Boston.
Great guy. Played in the NHL
a pretty long time.
When he was at BU, he used to be
biz.
Undressed and showered
before Parker, Jack Parker, would
come into the locker room post-game at BU.
Three minutes, dude, because
the guy, Batesy, would start getting
undressed on the bench when the game was still going on.
So all of a sudden, like, one-time park is like,
Batesy, get out there, like a late penalty or something.
He's like, his skates are untied.
His shin pads are already off.
Everything was, like, undone,
yet you couldn't really tell looking at him.
So all he had to do was just, like,
slide off everything when he got in the room.
He also never spent one night living at BU,
and he went to BU for, I think, three or four years.
He slept at home in his town every night, apparently.
Hey, what other Duncan Key stories do you have, Whit?
Oh, I just remember being so goddamn jealous of how great he became.
I was like, holy shit.
Like this guy, you know, because you want to kind of, when you're,
when you're looking at other players that not necessarily that you compare
yourself against, but that are the best in the league, you're just like,
Oh my God, like, this is what I respect about this guy.
And as he just every year went by, he was just getting better and better.
At first he was like really good offensively.
And then he turned into a complete shutdown D and then he was, once that came, it was, he was, like, really good offensively, and then he turned into a complete shutdown D, and then he was  once that came, he was everything.
He was the defenseman that almost every team needs to have
to win a Stanley Cup.
It's like Lidstrom and Detroit.
You just think, like, Pronger won a cup, and Niedermeyer, like,
Doughty and L.A., like, the best teams that
Charo and Boston won it.
You always need a superstar D d and he just turned into that
and watching it i just remember being blown away he was so fast i don't know how this dude would
skate so fast he just he could catch up to anyone any forward he could pivot with i was like this
this dude's a joke how the hell was this guy picked like 100 picks after me what a pathetic
job by the scouts he was very little at mich Michigan State and junior, but still, I mean,
you've got to be able to see, like, the talent the guy had.
All right, hit us with a stat line.
I mean, incredible fucking play.
I think his stamina, too, which is something that
Lance Armstrong.
He's like  well, he reminds me of, you know, Ray Bork,
who had, you know, legendary stamina.
The guy just can go out there and play 35 minutes a game
and just get right back out there.
He obviously won the three Stanley Cups, just two Norris trophies,
and he also won the Conn Smythe and the 2015 Cup.
What a career, no?
Yeah, no shit.
How many gold medals?
He had 1,000 games played, 92 goals so far, 455 assists for 547 points.
And that year he won the Conn Smythe.
He played 23 games in that playoffs.
He had three goals, 18 assists for 21 points.
So well-deserved there.
He is a fucking mutant out there.
Lest we forget the two Norris trophies as well.
You've already said that.
I'm sorry.
I didn't hear you.
No, you did. You literally said already said that. I'm sorry. I didn't hear you. I was
No, you did.
You literally said it.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, yeah.
You're fucking
I'm sorry.
No, I'm sorry.
Three-time All-Star.
That's the one I skipped.
It was the three-time All-Star.
Oh, okay.
Because all his
That's it?
Only three years?
I know.
No shit.
Yeah, but now they've got to take a guy from every team,
and when you have Kane and Taves, it's like he kind of gets screwed.
Yeah, that's true.
Good point,
Whit, for once. Guys, before we go any farther, we got the
Herbal Active Ad Read
back and we
do this one organically.
It's been fucking unbelievable for me.
I've been doing the drops and the rub.
Whit, you have used the rub.
Dude,
the rub is as good as it gets.
You tug your rope off with it?
I was thinking about that, but it's never sore.
I mean, yeah.
I mean, it's like the perfect kind of texture.
No, yeah.
Dude, let me tell you, though.
My tennis elbow, I've told everyone, it's gone.
I thought I was going to get surgery.
I swear to God.
I don't know if it's  I mean, I did a little rehab,
but mostly it's the CBD, the Urable Active all over it every night,
and same with my hips.
I got terrible hips because my feet are such peasant feet.
My hips are all out of whack.
They're always tight.
They're always hurting me.
I just cover my entire midsection minus my wrench with this stuff and every morning
I wake up feeling fresh. You actually told me
to do it, Biz.
I love it for the hips.
This is an ad read, but
this is Ryan Whitney.
I'm telling you, this is my life now.
Boys, they also have mints.
They sent me some mints.
I eat them all. I have mints.
I crush mints. I put mints in my coffee i'm just
i'm a cbd factory well i was just going to mention that so the mints and the rub are for more
situational the like the multi-spectrum the drops that i use that i put my water bottle and by the
way when you put it in the water bottle instead of on your tongue they call it micro dosing quote
unquote you could you could you could yeah, it sounds extremely professional.
You could take it either way.
It's not going to matter, but you just put it under your tongue or in your water bottle,
you drink it.
And that's just going to take the inflammation out of your body.
And people forget how much fucking inflammation, like how much shit it causes.
It causes stress.
It causes, which I mean, of course, if your stress is up,
you're going to get sick easier.
So it's been helping me like drastically.
Um,
I talked about the mental clarity as far as not feeling anxious and,
and I guess depressed some days I would have some tough days once in a
while,
but it's been helping for a bunch of shit.
Um,
if you have any questions,
message the herbal active,
um,
the Twitter account and RA, you're Herbal Act of the Twitter account.
And, R.A., you're going to step in here?
Yeah, I was going to say, Biz, it's almost time for my mother-in-law's 10 o'clock p.m. application for her sore feet, you know?
Oh.
Yeah.
The old foot rub.
The old foot rub for the mother-in-law.
She swears by this stuff, too.
That's right, R.A.
Yeah, I got to butter up the old mother-in-law, you know?
So, no, all jokes aside, I got her on it.
She's, you know, an older type who sometimes they hear anything to do with hemp or cannabis.
They kind of freak out.
They get reefer badness, but I explained to her what it is, and she was down with it, and she loves the stuff now.
It's funny you mention that because a lot of people have messaged me asking if there is THC in it.
No.
People have messaged me asking if there is THC in it.
No, there's 0 THC, 0.000 THC in this one. And then you said that Rare Ad has a guy for you.
Yeah, but Rare Ad has a guy for you.
They do third-party testing on every single batch they get.
So those people who have jobs where you can't take any type of cannabis substance
or you can be fired, this is the company for you.
It's U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V, Herbal Active.
I'll say it one more time.
U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V, Herbal Active.
And then go to.com to purchase their products.
Obviously biz 20 promo code.
That's 20 off.
I just recommend that you guys try it.
I do the drops,
the mints and the,
the bomb.
And,
and they even do fucking dog treats and they're unbelievable.
So that's all I got for herbal active.
Uh,
what else do you guys want to talk about?
What else is going on around the league?
Oh,
let me, before I forget.
Oh, well, Biz, before I forget, I got to bring up me in the car.
So, I'm so bored.
It took me five hours Wednesday night to get home.
I'm losing my mind.
And it was like 11.
I'm like, holy shit.
I'm like, Biz has a game.
I got serious.
I can listen to this dude.
I got to hear what he's like as the
color guy on the radio. So I turn on the Coyotes broadcast and I don't hear him for so long. I
texted him. I go, dude, are you on the radio? Are you lying about that job? And I started thinking,
imagine if he just made it up and he knew nobody would ever listen to a Coyotes game on the radio
and he's like, we'd never catch him. But so he starts talking and I'm just like laughing naturally,
just like hearing your voice.
And you make very good points.
Like you know exactly what you're talking about,
but just the way you're delivering it.
So there's a guy on Anaheim, Maxime.
Comtois.
Yeah, so Comtois.
And whatever your announcer's play-by-play guy, he's good, actually.
Oh, he does the best.
And Maxime Comtois comes down over the blue line, and Biz is like,
Comtois, wow, interesting name.
What is his name again?
And the guy's like, Comtois, and Biz is like, whoa, whoa, whoa,
we're on the radio here.
I'm like, this guy's on a broadcast of an NHL team,
and the dude loves you.
He just says, like, whatever.
Like, does he know you're fucking with him half the time?
Oh, yeah, we just go back and forth.
It's like Jekyll and Hyde.
I love how you make calls on the power play, too.
Like, so-and-so's going to score from the circle right here.
Like, just throwing predictions out there.
Oh, yeah.
Guys, I'm not very polished.
I'm brutal. It's very good, though. It's a comedy show. Guys, I'm not very polished. I'm brutal.
It's very good, though.
It's a comedy show.
Yeah, I just try to make it light.
I mean, last night's game was tough.
We lost 3-0 to the Sabres.
I was trying to polish a turd on the radio for fucking two hours.
It was not good.
Imagine that meme, you know, you versus the guy.
She told you not to worry about it.
Like, this is you on Spitting Chickens,
and you doing the radio as the guy she told you not to worry about. Like, this is you on Spitting Chickens, and you doing the radio as the guy she told you not to worry about.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's tough.
I think people hear us on this and then your gig and me on NHL and that,
they're just like, who are those guys?
Yeah, we're clowns, man.
Luckily, we got a good Twitter following, and they're like,
yeah, sure, throw them on.
Speaking of the Blackhawks, man, Johnny Taves,
he's playing like he took last season personally. And I, I,
I wish we asked Adam Oates if, if whether or not I was going to say,
he's playing like he hired Adam Oates.
You took the words out of my mouth. I know that song.
Meatloaf to a great album, bad out of health. Ask a millennial hashtag.
You ever hear that album?
Elaborate on that thought?
Yeah, Jonathan Taves, man.
He was an outstanding player, obviously.
Another guy who won three cups with the Blackhawks.
I think he got a con smite as well.
And he just kind of taped it off like the Blackhawks.
He started getting a lot of questions about his play, his leadership even.
He was a guy who seemed untouchable a few years ago.
And they started to see some chinks in the armor around him a little bit.
But he's come out of the house of fire this year.
I think he's got like nine points in five games.
Just looks like a different player.
You wonder if he just recommitted in the offseason.
Seriously, if he did reach out to Adam Oates,
because he's certainly playing well, a lot better.
He did hire him, right, Biz?
Yeah, I believe so. That was the rumor. But, no. Oates, a lot better. He did hire him, right, Biz? Yeah, I believe so.
That was the rumor.
Otsi was good.
How about the feedback?
People loved Otsi.
Yeah, he's a smart guy.
That was great.
Very intelligent.
I'm glad people liked that interview.
That was some of the best feedback I think we ever got.
Everybody said they learned something new about hockey just by listening to that.
I wonder if Chaves was injured.
I don't know. He looks incredible incredible now boys um i know we've been
talking about the leafs a lot lately do you guys want to dabble into lars eller's quotes oh yeah
yeah yeah you want to hit us with the the exact quote yeah because i got it right here lazella
was talking to the washington media after the leaves beat them 4-2. By the way, what I call the best bet in hockey.
He went 2-0 since last broadcast.
Leafs over three and a half goals both games.
How are you?
So Lazella said, quote, we were just playing against Crosby and Malkin,
so everything kind of dropped off from there.
It's not that special, to be honest.
It's a good team, like a lot of others.
They'll probably be a playoff team, I would think, end quote that's how you're adding like how you think he said it like you're adding
like the way it was said and you wonder why shit gets blown out of proportion like talk about the
guy who considers himself a journalist he's putting a spin on the guy's like accent i mean
i didn't put any fucking i think he's danish i didn't put any fucking... He's Danish. I didn't put any, luckily,
any Danish touch on it,
but I don't want to read it robotically.
I think no matter how you read it,
I think there's definitely a troll element to what he said.
No? I don't know, man.
Okay, a little bit, and you're
on the defending Stanley Cup champs, so you can
kind of do that, but it's also...
I think it's kind of getting a little
overblown especially in toronto
i mean he is making a valiant point like everyone's going nuts and they are ripping it up but we just
played crosby and malkin so it is kind of him just saying well i think when you play all these teams
uh you always got to worry about like the studs on each team but i'm not we're not going bananas
over toronto start toronto did take them down, though. Thank you very much.
My question was, was this quote delivered after the game?
That's a good question.
I don't know.
Because I'm going to assume, let's say it was.
Let's say it was.
I'm pretty sure it was because there was quotes after the game.
All you've been hearing about the whole season is Toronto.
They got JT in the offseason.
Everyone's stroking their cocks.
Including us.
Matthews scored 1,000 fucking goals in the first game,
first five games or whatever it is.
They just beat you 4-2.
You're the reigning champs.
And Toronto media is coming in the room being like,
hey, how about that three-headed monster?
And you're just like, fuck off.
You're like, we beat the fucking Pens like five months ago.
We end up going on to win a championship.
Like, yeah, they had a fucking on and win a championship. Like,
yeah, they had a fucking good game.
They,
they won.
They got some good players.
Like we've seen it all before.
Yeah.
I know Sid and Gino guys who have three cups and who are proven more so
than the guys who play for the Leafs.
So that's probably where it was coming from,
where he's just like,
guys,
like we get it.
They have a good squad.
Like,
let's like,
I mean,
it's fucking five,
six games into the season.
Let's just pump the fucking brakes, Toronto media.
So that's probably  that's my assumption on where his head was at
when he delivered that quote.
And he's probably a little pissed off.
They just lost.
So that's what I'm going to make of it.
I think that was a perfect description of that quote.
Basically like my MMA description with Conor and Khabib.
Yeah, just the opposite. Or theib. On, yeah, just opposite.
Or the opposite.
Hey, you know who fucking texted me today to rip into me?
Who?
Yance, about the Bo Burnham recommendation.
The comedy guy.
He texted me.
He said, oh, you're on the chain.
He goes, dude, have you watched Bo Burnham?
If you make it past the first seven minutes,
you're an absolute American hero.
Have you seen him, Grinnell? him yeah exactly you know here's the thing on this dude here's the thing though here's the thing you know who yans likes kevin hart i ain't a kevin hart guy
kevin hart guy either biz i think it stinks Hart stinks. I didn't know much about him.
I went to his show.
It was funny.
I'm telling you, you guys would have laughed.
Kevin Hart's just like, okay, man, the shtick's kind of up.
Funny the first couple things he did.
What do you call them?
What do you call them?
TV shows or movies?
Stand-ups.
Stand-up comedy specials. Thank you.
Yeah, I was never a Kevin
Hat guy. I always called him the Black Dane Cook.
I just never found him that funny.
You're a Kevin Hat guy?
I am not a Dane Cook guy either.
Exactly, yeah.
Bill Burr makes me laugh my balls off.
Bill Burr's a funny Bill Burr.
He's a grumpy fucker.
Actually, he might be
probably one of the most requested, like,
people that our listeners want to get on the show, Bill Burr.
I've tweeted at him.
Is he a hockey fan?
He's a huge Bruins fan.
I've tweeted at him multiple times.
I don't know if he really replies through Twitter.
We haven't got him on.
Well, there you go.
A hint, fucking.
So, Bill Burr, if you're listening or whoever, I mean, we'd love to have him on
because he's obviously hilarious.
I'm just going back to the subject is the Lazell, of course, I agree 100.
There's a drop-off from Crosby and Melkin, no duh.
But I think the one word where I think it's kind of needling
is they'll probably be a playoff team.
Even no matter how he said it, I mean, it's, you know, it's
I don't know. I think that's kind of  not a diss, but I think it was a little bit of a playoff team. Even no matter how he said it, I mean, it's, you know, I don't know, I think that's kind of, not a
diss, but I think it was a little bit of a needle
in thing. I don't, throwing the word probably.
After a loss, I could totally see it just
like, yeah, they're probably going to make the, yeah.
I agree with you. And I love it. Like, well,
this is what we talk about. We want these guys to show more
flavor, a little more fucking WWF
attitude, talk some smack. I think it's great
for the game. I'm obsessed with this
no duh comment by R.A., by the way.
I know. He said it twice tonight. I think
it's a Bart Simpson line. Didn't he say duh
all the time? No, that's
just like something you say when you're like
sick. All right, trademark it.
No duh.
People want us to trademark Wick a lot of fat and still,
but... Oh, everyone,
thanks for sending me your pictures of crushing
the Pink Whitney. Oh, man. a lot of people on the pink Whitney trains.
No shit.
A tough handle for me.
That was an immediate regret that it's a pink Whitney.
But like I said, I'm soft as warm butter.
So I do appreciate it, though, and every time I see it, I just want one.
And I'm telling you right now, oh, shit, I should know this.
There's only one pink
lemonade to get.
It's the guy, is there like a guy who used to be
an actor that's on lemonade bottles?
What's that lemonade like? Oh, Newman?
Newman's Lemonade? You mean Reg Dunlop?
Play it, coach. Does he have a pink
lemonade? Does he have the salad dressings?
Newman's own, I mean,
it's either Paul Newman or not.
I'm looking up pink lemonade. They brought their fucking toys. Oh, Newman's own. I mean, it's either Paul Newman or not. I'm looking up Pink Lemon.
They brought their fucking toys.
Oh, Newman's own.
Yeah, this is it.
That's the best Pink Lemon.
It's the only one you can get.
I think there's even a little, like a slight bit.
On the other hand, Suzanne sucks.
A little coke in there?
Yeah.
Just like at the Sox games?
There's nothing else.
I know.
I know.
Yeah, I've been getting a ton of messages about the Pink Whitneys,
and shout out to our sponsor, New Amsterdam.
Everybody's on the New Amsterdam vodka train.
What a great vodka.
I'm not even shitting you.
I'm not saying it because they're a sponsor.
It's good.
All right, well, now with our Bruins talk
and how much of a bargain some of the guys are,
we had two young studs.
We interviewed them a little while back,
and so we're going to go to those guys right now, Charlie McAvoy and Ryan Donato.
This interview was brought to you by Thursday Boots. Money, power, a great pair of boots.
You can have it all. Want to know how? Stop what you were doing, go to the nearest computer,
open your internet browser, and type in the following, thursdayboots.com.
That's T-H-U-R-S-D-A-Y-B-O-O-T-S.com.
Pick out your favorite pair of beautiful handcrafted boots, add it to your cart,
click checkout, fill out all of your personal information, and click purchase.
It's that easy.
Money, power, and a great pair of boots will all be yours. While
results may vary, particularly regarding the money and power, you will definitely have a great pair
of boots. This year, get a pair of boots that will last season after season. Get a pair of boots
handcrafted with the highest quality materials and sold at an honest price. Get a pair of Thursday boots.
Head on over to Thursdayboots.com and use the promo code FREESHIP2DAY for money, power, and a great pair of boots
now only two days away.
And now we'd like to welcome to the show a pair of Boston Bruins.
We're happy to have one.
Recurring guest, defenseman Charlie McAvoy,
and first-time guest, Ryan Donato. Ryan, welcome to have one. Recurring guest, defenseman Charlie McAvoy, and first-time guest, Ryan
Donato. Ryan, welcome to the show.
Thanks for having me. Long-time listener.
Are you really, though? We found
out you did when you were ripping up at Harvard
and went to the Olympics. You were actually listening,
though. You were already into it. I drive,
like I told you, three hours a day, pretty much, and I just
throw on the podcast and listen,
and it's unbelievable. I can confirm
when I reached out to him during when you were at Harvard during the Olympics to come on,
he said right away, big fan of the show.
I listen all the time.
That's just unbelievable.
So, situate Massachusetts.
We're both from the same hometown.
Small, beautiful town on the coast.
Both played in the Olympics, too.
Not a big deal at all, one bit.
You got a banner in the town.
My mom called me.
Ryan Donato had a huge banner in the town.
You didn't get anything.
So, I'm a little rattled about that. I'm not going a huge banner in the town. You didn't get anything. So,
I'm a little rattled about that. I'm not going to lie.
What the fuck's up with that? I wasn't in control of that.
It was pretty crazy. I know. It wasn't anything to do with me,
I don't think. Alright, well, still, you're a legend for that.
So, McAvoy, when this kid comes in this year,
did you know he'd be this good right away, or what?
Were you surprised? Were you guys boys at all?
Yeah. I actually was texting you
students you guys lost. You? Yeah. I actually was texting you. Students, you guys lost.
You guys lost to...
Who did you lose to?
Like Union?
No, we lost to...
Clarkson.
Clarkson.
Clarkson, yeah.
Clarkson just ran you guys show for the weekend.
Smell you later, Harvard.
I remember we were talking it up, just trying to see what you were up to,
and kind of got wind that you were coming on were coming on board and right away uh you know i i knew i knew him we played in the
world juniors together and we were kind of familiar around that same age group uh i had all the
confidence in the world and this guy coming in and sure enough what do you have fucking four one and
three in the first game what the fuck what's going through your head dude i honestly i had no idea
what's going on i blacked out pretty much the entire game.
And so for people who don't know, it was one and three, first game?
It was one and two.
One and two, first game.
Goal was sick.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal.
I had like a second assist my first game.
Still not a big deal.
But right away I hear, this kid's going to class the next morning.
So explain to me how you turn pro and you're like, dude, I'm going to hopefully play 15 years. I'm this kid's going to class the next morning. So explain to me how you turn pro
and you're like, dude, I'm going to hopefully play 15 years.
I'm this stud, Olympics.
Why continue to go to school
in the spring?
I know it sounds a little foolish.
Let's say if I left at the end of that,
right when the season ended, I was like...
You're a junior? Yeah, I was a junior.
I would have probably, if I wanted to finish
through the summer, I would have had like six or seven summers of finishing classes instead of two or three.
So if I finished the semester, I would have like, it would have been a big time.
So you're just a very mature person to be, like, was this you being, or was someone pushing it on you?
Be honest.
I think I obviously, I wanted to be a part of like.
The Bruins.
Well, I wanted to be with the Bruins, yeah, but I wanted to graduate too.
And I didn't want to put in three years at Harvard just to be like, all right, screw it, I'm gone.
You get blacklisted at Harvard if you don't graduate.
Yeah, seriously.
But they make everyone graduate.
They would have just ended up being like, no, dude, you're graduating.
You're fine.
Well, it would have been tough.
I just didn't want to be like, all right, I'm going to take eight summers to finish up summer classes.
It's not fun.
That's a bit of a throwback, but did Ryan Landon and Noah Welch graduate?
Yeah, I think they both stayed for four years.
Do you know those guys?
Yeah, yeah. The Harvard guys are close. I they both stayed for four years. You know those guys? Yeah.
I was like 10 years old when I was watching those guys. Those guys were like my idols
growing up. Not even kidding.
Were those some of the best defensemen ever come out of
Harvard?
Did Landon play NHL games?
I don't know if he did, but either way...
Maybe one, but Noah Welch,
he's still playing. Noah retired
finally. He was in Sweden.
He was making bank over there, too.
He was unreal over there.
So people who don't know, your dad, Teddy Dano, long NHL career,
started Harvard and won a national title there like his sophomore year, freshman year?
Yeah, sophomore year, I think.
So your entire time growing up, you wanted to go to Harvard.
It was never anything else.
Yeah, I mean, I was between BU, BC, and Harvard, and that was it.
What an idiot. What a fucking idiot.
Honestly, my dad was like,
hey, if you want to come to Harvard,
great, but I'm not going to push you anywhere.
But I literally lived around the rinks
at Harvard, so I wasn't going to go anywhere else.
So you went to Beanpot?
Yeah.
Oh, fuck. I didn't think you did.
First one in like
30-something years.
Yes, I'm aware of what the bean pod is.
Is it common for Bruins guys to draft guys who go to either BU or BC?
I feel like it's becoming more common.
Like Grizzly.
I mean, I think they see him more scouting, but the draft is what it is, right?
But there are a lot of local guys now.
It's fun.
I was talking to Ryan before we started.
It almost kind of goes back to his dad and like stevie hines like you know those local
guys catch up those are like the first guys you know local guys that play for the broins now
you kind of fall on your dad's path very unique i mean he played in the olympics harvard broins
you've done so far the exact same thing i mean what kind of must be some unique advice he can
impart to you because it's such a specific course you followed.
Yeah, of course.
I mean, he went through the exact same stuff.
And, I mean, I'm so lucky to have him.
But he told me a lot of the good things about being a pro hockey player
and a lot of the bad things.
So I kind of understood that I wanted to obviously one day graduate from Harvard.
So I finished up classes.
And the Olympics, he's like cherished every moment of it.
And that's pretty much the whole thing he's been promoting
is just try to remember everything that you've been going through.
That's the best advice.
Because think about how quick, dude.
I mean, me and you, it's just over all of a sudden.
So if you have someone who went through it, it'd be like, dude,
appreciate all the goals you score, like everything.
It just makes it easier for you to understand how cool it is.
I'm intrigued what it would be like to hear what it's on a Harvard campus.
Like, are you talking to random people,
just like picking their brain about smart shit?
If you would say to people that you met that Bissonnette kid yet,
Jesus Christ.
Well, especially when I get smoking the weed pen.
I just ask a ton of questions.
But I'm very intrigued.
These people are highly intelligent.
Honestly, it's to the point
where you don't even want to talk because they're just so much smarter than you that you just feel
so dumb whenever you ask them a question like even in class like if you want to talk and like
say something to the teacher if you have the exact answer for they're gonna make you feel
like you're taking like yoga classes i'm taking i'm taking taking whatever's gonna allow me to
pass those kids are still like brilliant like can't say anything around them or they'll just turn your answer into something wrong.
I might get Ryan Lan in some trouble here, but he was saying that he would get a lot of help on his academics.
You think, dude?
Have you talked to him?
He was considering writing a book called How the Fuck Did I Graduate from Harvard.
They would love that one, I'm sure.
How the fuck did I graduate from Harvard?
They would love that one, I'm sure.
But he was talking about, like, when, basically, this one, like, ICQ and all that shit was, like, brand new.
Or, like, the message boards.
He'd be, like, messaging people to get his homework done so he'd graduate from Harvard.
And I was like, really?
That goes down at, like, an Ivy League school like that?
He's smart enough to keep it off the internet, right?
He's going to cheat on college.
Yeah, but obviously he did because he graduated.
I do want to change it because fuck Harvard.
No offense.
On to my BU boy.
Guy comes on last year
after stepping in,
having a big playoff.
Was the rookie year
what you expected?
You were dominant for a while.
You went through the injury.
So kind of give me
a rundown of your season.
Yeah, everybody said
that it was going to be
a lot of up and down.
Roller coaster.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm like,
how the fuck am I going
to get through 82 games? I know. It just seems, I'm like, how do you do it? Good thing you're a U of M. Everyone roller coaster yeah exactly i'm like how the fuck am i gonna get through 82 games i know like it just seems i'm like how do you do it good thing you're a year
everyone's like you just don't like you play hurt you play tired like you show up and you kind of
like you're there but you don't even feel like you're there really like in the dog days of the
season like and i hit i hit the injury bug i got the mcl sprain. I had the heart palpitations.
What was going on with that?
Man, so that started back at BU.
I want to say maybe dated like four years back, five years back maybe.
So it was completely weird.
It was supraventricular tachycardia is what it was called.
SVT.
You used to sprain as you were trying to do that?
I should be the heart, yeah, right?
So basically like. I'm kidding. Harvard's like, no, that's actually not what it is.. SVT. His brain as he was trying to... I should be the heart... Yeah, right? So basically like...
I'm kidding.
Harvard's like, no, that's actually not what it is.
Yeah, yeah.
You're supposed to have like one valve that sends like your heartbeats kind of just in one direction.
It should be like a one-way street and I had two.
So it would go down and come back up and it would
just create this extra beat in my heart so like sometimes during a game or workouts like i had
it be a couple times yeah like my heart would just start going like boom boom boom boom boom boom
like and i'd be sitting on the bench and i'd be like what the like what's going on right now like
yeah so i was fuck i was like out of sight out of mind i'm like well like because
my worst fear in the world was hey you can't fucking play anymore like hear those stories
exactly and you you like like peverly and these guys and like it happens so i went and i got
diagnosed for it and i figured out what it was and they were like you're gonna be fine like we
just gotta go we gotta patch it up patch up that that second uh that second valve so you just got that one way street like everybody else and
they went and did it two weeks on my ass and then i was back i was back in the lineup like right
after that when you when you were told that something that serious you end up being back
in two weeks you're like wow i thought that'd be like three years yeah exactly they're like yeah
it's actually pretty simple like we just stick a catheter, which is basically like a valve.
They just shove it, like, right through the artery in my groin,
all the way up to the heart.
Like, just fucking rip it right up there, and boom.
Like, at the end of it, they have this thing.
They heat it, so they burn it.
Like, it's cauterizing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What's the word?
Cauterizing, right?
You're right.
Good job.
Pronounce it correctly.
They burn it up, shut it down, and it was good to go.
I mean, it was a doctor over at MGH, Dr. Baggish.
He did an amazing job.
So he helped me out a lot.
You mentioned right before that about playing it through injury
and a lot of games and stuff like that, changing from pro back to college.
But, fuck, I forgot the question I was going to ask.
I maybe hit the pen a little too hard.
That's biz right there in a nutshell.
But still, I'm going to ask you, do you remember,
because I did this last summer.
I'm shocked at how big the hits are that you throw, right?
You're an offensive guy, but you like hammer guys.
What was one this year that stuck out?
Who did you get the best,
you'd say?
Oh, man.
Because I remember one at home.
I can't remember who it was.
I had a couple good ones.
On Minnesota,
so actually this is good.
Fuck was it?
Tyler Ennis?
Oh, yeah.
I think you got,
is he released by Minnesota now too?
I don't,
I think it was Tyler Ennis. Or his contract right now? i don't i think it was tyler there's contract right now i don't know but so i i got him good he was coming down the wall i
stepped on him like i blasted him pretty good like he's a little guy so whatever like didn't
think anything of it i'm like through a nice hit all the boys are like nice hit so i go it's later
in the same period 50 50 puck goes into the corner it's me and him i'm like i didn't
think anything of it like i went to just go for like the poke this guy goes fuck the puck he
de-cleated me no he absolutely buried me i lost my stick i was like what the fuck just happened
like he got me back and your biggest hit i was taken? Yeah. No, I've taken some bad ones.
I've licked a couple times.
But Greener, so Greener from BU, he was talking to him about it.
And he was like, that's the biggest hit I've ever thrown.
I used to say that.
After getting lit up by you, too.
That had to feel good.
You got me good.
It was a good one for one.
Careful of getting licked on the locker room with some of the teammates.
Yeah, Marshy was down in the ice today.
You take any, you get crushed when you turn pro at all
or you haven't taken a big one yet?
I haven't really taken that many hard ones yet.
All right, all right.
You'll get one, I'm sure.
I think my  we played Winnipeg.
I think Bufflin hit me once and he didn't even try.
He just threw a one-arm at me.
Yeah, he's just like, boom.
Yeah, he blew me up.
And that was like he wasn't  he started giggling after he hit me.
So that was  I he wasn't, he started giggling after he hit me. So that was.
I hit a good one.
Fucking, when we played the Islanders at home,
Sezikis, he was coming at me like hard.
I got a D to D pass and I just went to go like indirect it off the wall.
So like he's coming at me.
His stick goes in between like my like tuck and my skate.
And like that messes me up.
And then he just finished right through my chest and
just buried me he's kind of a train and adam oh yeah like he's he that's his you know that's his
role he's good so out of left field jake de brusque comes out auto shed and he fucking
just jumped him like jumped him his first nhl fight he went right after him krug was talking
about how de brusque is just a beauty of a guy,
hell of a season.
I didn't know he did that, too.
Dude, he's such a beauty.
Oh, the boys love JD.
We had a good group of guys, like Bjorki, DeBras, Grizzie, Heinen, Corrali.
You came in.
Yeah, that's seven or eight guys all around the same age, pretty much.
So rookie dinner was light.
It was a good split.
Oh, really? I missed that. Seven minutes. Yeah, now next year oh that sucks dude being the only guy i've heard
guys be like yeah i was one of two rookies like having to wear it like with one other guy like
some teams have done that but then like some years there's two rookies and they say all right max
like yeah apparently chris bork got bent over that way because I think he was in Washington maybe.
Yeah, it would have been Washington or Pittsburgh maybe.
It might have even been in Boston.
And that's when it goes back to when I was ripping char about being cheap.
It's because he was the only rookie at Rookie Party.
And they made him pay like 25,000.
Yeah, but they're also like Raymond J. Bork.
Is it J?
Is it Raymond J?
My dad was there when it was rookie year.
My dad said he's probably going to get me back because my dad was like more bottles of red wine, kept on ordering stuff.
On Z?
On Z.
When he was a rookie.
One in the aisle?
Yeah, back in the day.
Oh, they played together.
I wouldn't be surprised if your rookie party might be a little tough for you.
And the reason I say that for the listeners, though, is most teams have a cap of 5K a guy.
Where did you guys do it?
We were up in Toronto.
Way to stay out of the limelight.
Easy kills.
It was a long trip.
We did the West Coast swing, so we started out in Vancouver,
and then we went to Calgary, went to Edmonton, and flew back.
We had three days.
We had like a Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, play Thursday.
I actually remember this part of the season for you guys.
So instead of going home and going back, I guess our vets were like,
hey, let's do rookie dinner then.
And we have two nights to whatever.
Yeah, to get out of the system.
I won't say any stories, but Coyotes actually went to the exact same
establishment as the Bruins did.
What's the name of it? It's a sick
steakhouse. Well, I
meant for the after party part.
Oh, he's like, I went home after the steak.
And if you listeners could see
his reaction
here, he knows exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Oh, really? No, I'm not
going to talk about it. But Coyotes
had the same rookie party set up as the Bruins did,
and that's why we copied it because we heard it was so electric.
There's a guy out of Toronto.
He's kind of like the David Gruntman of Miami.
Oh, so he set it all up.
But it's like, come on.
There's like 75 chicks there.
They've got to keep them out.
I want to do a rookie party.
As the head continues to shake on the right side.
Those are the single guys
that do that.
Yeah, the single guys.
The married guys
go home early.
They got the face time
with the old ladies.
Did you fight this year?
Yeah.
I had a fight.
First one?
I had my first ever fight.
How'd it go?
You could fucking
swing your stick around.
You can do whatever
you want in college.
No one's fighting.
Nope. Not one's fighting. Nope.
Nope.
Not one thing.
Just throw dangerous hits.
Unless you're Dustin Penner who beat me up when he was on Dane and I was at BU.
Dude, he put me in a headlock and literally threw me over my shoulder.
And then later on, he's like, remember when I dummied you in a college hockey fight?
I was bleeding.
I was like, how am I bleeding?
I had a fucking helmet and a face mask on the whole time.
How does the metal cage cut your chin?
My ear was sticking out and caught a skate yeah who'd you fight i fought uh i fought pierre luke dubois on columbus a couple young guns going at it yeah we went at it i had it was uh
it was a good one he he came at me and like i i threw a hit and he right away he was like he was
kind of pissed we were up a little bit, so he just dropped him.
I didn't even end up getting my left glove off because I was locked in,
and I didn't want to drop it and let go because I had a good grip.
I'm going to fight with my left glove on.
So I did.
I literally fought with my left glove on and just took my right off.
We went at it, and he started throwing first, and then I started throwing late,
and I ended up on top.
But it was like a Gordie Howe hat trick it wasn't a huge deal you go wow not a big deal
Gordie Howe Jesus what was the most eye-opening thing of your rookie year like traveling with
the team all year what what were you exposed to that you really weren't expecting honestly I think
it's just like the culture of the room like I'm I'm obviously. I'm sure everyone's like that on their teams.
But I really think that we have such like a special group.
Like when you got guys like Bergeron, Marshawn, Chara,
like you got Kretschie and Krug and all these guys that have been there.
Like we have a good amount of guys that are Stanley Cup champions from that 2011 team.
We got guys like Gio and Nash.
Yeah, and then Gio comes in.
Gio comes in who's got a couple cups. Yeah, guys like Gio and Nash. Yeah, and then Gio comes in. Gio comes in, who's got a couple cups.
Yeah, Rick Nash comes in.
Like, we picked up guys who were just like, oh, man.
Like, you go up and down the room, and it's just like, pinch me.
Like, I'm playing with some great guys.
And the way they brought everyone in, like, it wasn't like, hey,
like, you're like a rookie.
Like, you got to stay down here.
Like, it was just integrate everybody, and it was just perfect.
I think that's why we had the year we had.
They leaned on the rookies, and we leaned on them to teach us the way,
and it worked out great.
We had a hell of a year.
And they demanded that, I think, you realize, all right,
I can't just take a night off.
I'm assuming, and Kruger had said to us,
you're expected to play top- hockey every night there's going to be
no like nights off and all right you'll get them the next time it was like if i'm not good i'm
going to hear about it right yeah i mean without a doubt like there's there's nights and there's
times when when maybe they're a little bit understanding like you can't play no 82 great
games i mean unless you're like the nick lidstrom and these guys that are fucking unbelievable.
We were talking about that before.
Teddy Donato maybe never had a bad game.
No such thing as a bad game.
Ask him.
He'll never say he never had one.
We were talking about it with Krug when he was on.
You've got to conserve energy out there.
You've got to be smart about it.
Fans are yelling,
Adam! Adam!
It's just like, no, man.
Have a good stick.
Be in position and fuck off.
Yeah, and leave me alone.
Yeah.
I mean, it's true.
These games,
especially when you got back-to-backs,
you'd be lying if there's a little bit of your head
that's like, fuck.
We're playing Monday.
We got another one tomorrow.
And then we got two more.
And then we got another one on the weekend.
You're thinking.
You can look at a three-week schedule
and see 12 games in 24 days.
You go into months.
I would go into the first of months
and I'd be like,
we are fucked this month.
The last two months of the year,
it was game off, game off, game off
for the whole entire last two months of the season.
And then that was when I got my MCL.
I remember the question I was going to ask now.
It had to do with diet.
So in order to prepare for that, I don't want to chirp you.
You see me, you got a little chub on you.
Are you a chubby guy?
I'm a baby fat.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
But since you've turned pro for going from college, because obviously your diet there is a joke,
who's been helping you out with that?
Because there's a few guys on your team who are pretty dialed in on that side.
No, we have uh
i mean we have a great support staff here like right away and so i've known julie uh she runs
kinetic fuel julie nicoletti she's she's awesome she's our person here so she along with us she'll
come in with like uh like four or five sheets of paper stapled on the top and it'll just be like
meals like just certain kind of meals like this meat with this vegetable and guys go and we tally the meals we like and
all of it's fucking like organic and and then they make it all carbs and they uh and they'll make it
and those will be our those will be our meals for the week like when we're home we do breakfast and
we get omelets a little shout out you sure you guys want to sponsor here? Well, I'm just thinking that I went to P.F. Chang's
and Capital Grill every night.
Oh, absolutely.
I would have definitely helped.
This might have helped my gut.
They just put the meals in the freezer
and they're ready for like the whole week.
They're really healthy meals too.
And they're like portion control,
like everything.
It's like really good.
You get starving after,
but they're really good meals.
Can I crush ice cream?
I think that's another reason
why it kind of fell apart.
I was eating at Ocean Club every night in Scottsdale.
Sniffing seats and getting the petite filet with the lobster mash.
He's like, is the petite filet a little cheaper than the big dog?
He's like, yeah, it's 8.
I said, I'll take the petite.
What is it out there?
Mastro's?
Yeah, Mastro's Ocean Club. Oh, man, it's eight bucks i said i'll take the out there mastros or yeah mastros oh man it's awesome crawl i want to go in uh rye with the olympics a little bit i mean
how cool is that you you expect it to be on the team a little bit did you talk to them before
the season uh no so i i talked to uh jim johansson yeah that's it's awful rest in peace to him
amazing guy so i i talked to him a a little bit about the world championships the season before
or the, like, half a year before, and then I'm not going.
So he's like, he told me that I was in the mix for the Olympics
and don't get your hopes up again because, obviously,
stuff doesn't work out sometimes.
So I really didn't get too excited about it until, like,
I actually, they were like, we want to fly you out to the Mets stadium
to announce the team, and that's kind of where I heard.
Wow.
And you started, I mean, I think it was 20 goals in your first 20 games of the season, right?
Something like that, yeah.
Like, he doesn't know.
He's like, 22, actually, in 20 games.
Fucking idiot.
Do some research.
But then you get the call.
I mean, you must have been over the moon, dude, to go out there.
And what was South Korea like?
South Korea was actually pretty cool.
I mean, it was different.
Like, we didn't really
have that much time
to, like, go check
everything out,
to be honest.
But it was actually,
like, the food was good.
I mean...
Did they have McDonald's
in the athletes?
The McDonald's actually
was the best McDonald's
I've ever had
in my entire life.
And, like, you'd see,
like, Pavel Dotsik there
at, like, midnight
with, like, a foot over.
They'd get McDonald's
and you're like,
if that guy can do it,
then we should do it.
Exactly.
That always kills me. Like, you have, like, the most... the best athletes in the world, most premier athletes and they have fucking McDonald's and you're like if that guy can do it then we should do it that always kills me
like you have
the most
best athletes in the world
most premier athletes
and they got fucking
McDonald's
and the athletes
what are they going to eat
when they're drunk
alright
anything else
other than
oh
oh
I got a question
how many condoms
were there
for all the athletes
that's like a
oh people don't
fuck in the winter
no
everyone said to me dude do they have no condoms I'm like I think That's summer, dude. That's like a... Oh, people don't fuck in the winter? No.
Everyone said to me,
dude, do they have no condoms?
I'm like, I think that's summer.
Unless people are like, this guy don't need a condom.
Look at him.
I'm like, I never got given any.
There's not like a...
There was like a big bin
that everybody talked about,
but at the Summer Olympics,
apparently you literally have to walk
in front of the whole dining hall
and they have those quarter machines,
but you don't throw quarters
and you just twist out the...
Oh, yeah.
Everybody, girls would walk up in front of everybody. Hey, but then they have the... And then they have those quarter machines, but you don't throw quarters and you just twist out the... Everybody, girls would walk up
in front of everybody.
And then they have the Magnum ones
for all the big black guys.
Jamaican sprint team.
Whoa, whoa, man. These don't fit, man.
What the fuck, man?
These regular size.
What are these, pinky for my pinky?
Come on, man. Come on.
So you're playing that, right?
And after that, are you thinking, because I remember saying,
I wonder if he's going to go right to the Bruins.
Was there any talk of that, or they knew you were going to finish the season?
I think they knew I was going to finish the season right away.
I mean, the season was only like two or three more weeks after that,
you know what I mean?
So it wasn't like it was a huge deal.
And if the season went on past that,
then obviously it would have been a different discussion.
So give us, he tells me before we start, your schedule today of what you're doing oh my schedule
right now this guy is insane i'm living in situate mass right now what a town yeah and i'm driving
from there to to foxborough uh to work out with uh eps brian mcdonough a great guy guys there
like keith yeah keith yandel hannifin boyle, Palmieri, a lot of good guys there.
Yanz has told me stories about this guy.
He's nuts.
Yeah, sometimes he gets suspended from his own gym.
Yeah, he's the greatest.
No, I haven't done anything, but he's the best, but he doesn't care who you are.
He's going to call you out.
He was telling stories of him calling Randy Moss and these big-time football players and stuff like that.
But he's a great guy, and I go from there to here to skate and warrior
and then I go from here I have class at 6.30
to 9.30 at night. What is your class?
So I'm taking
time and space
I'm taking
the sociological eye through film
it's sociology it's not trust me
trust me it's a film class
Posh is just rock hard over there
So does it have a lot to do with film?
Oh now RA's popping
Yeah RA's like what?
It's a movie class
That's why I liked it
So it's like
You literally
What a tough one
You watch like the Avatar
And like some good
Good classic movies
How did RA do your homework?
Any extra scenes?
How the fuck did RA do your homework?
RA's like I'm doing homework
For a Bruin and watching a movie
Sign me up
Exactly And then I had global health class Which is another class I'm doing homework for a Bruin and watching a movie sign me up exactly
and then I have
global health class
which is another class
I'm taking
so just those two
and you're just like
hey look at what I eat
every night
this is made for me
so just pass me right
yeah
it's tough
it's 630 and 930
you gotta be there
that's a long class
so next summer
though same thing
same thing
wow dude
if you sign a huge ticket
because you signed
a two year deal right
yeah so it's technically a contract year for me because you burn the one year great move so now if you
get like 25 this year and then you sign a huge deal next summer he's gonna be going to class
rich as hell well a question about that if you stop going to school for a certain amount of time
don't you lose all your credits if you don't graduate i don't think so i can go back with
what i've done. Eight credits.
How many years were you there?
I stayed three years, but when I left school,
I'd only done two years of school.
Can I ask
how that makes any sense?
Remember every semester
you start with four and you drop one.
I always drop one. You know what you're dropping.
And then when I...
I got a couple W's, the withdrawals.
Dude, I had a story with one of Ws, the withdrawals. Oh, yeah.
Dude, I had a story with one of my buddies that I was...
We had Spanish 2, my third time taking Spanish 2.
And I'm like, she gave us the final exam.
I knew I was leaving school.
I just turned it in with my name.
She's like, what is this?
I'm like, I'm done.
And then my buddy, Kenny Roach, I'm like, Reggie, let's go.
Let's go.
He's like, I'm not leaving school.
I'm like, no, let's go.
You can do this class next year.
And he's like, okay.
And he just got up and left. I was like, I want to go to T You can do this class next year. He's like, okay. He just got up and left.
I was like, I want to go to T's.
We went up and ate.
He had to redo it.
It was the final.
He'd done the whole semester.
I was like, I don't want to be alone in front of the class.
I don't want to eat alone.
Come on, Reg.
Let's go.
You don't pay for it.
I would have came if you had said you'd pay for it.
I did.
I bought him a Snapple, too.
I found out how many classes I need.
It's 16 more classes. Not credits. Classes. Dude, and I bought him a Snapple too. I found out how many classes I needed.
16 more classes.
Not credits, classes.
Dude, and that's four credits a class.
If I promised my parents I'd graduate,
so I'm still... I'm taking this summer though.
Yeah, dude.
I said I'll do it when I'm a little older
and now my wife's on me.
I'm like, if you do the work,
go right ahead.
I'll go back to school,
but I'm not doing the work.
Or you could just take one of your millions
of dollars and pay people to do it.
I don't want anyone to be able to
go in and find out it wasn't me.
A family member would never rat me out, but if I
pay somebody, it could end up becoming that I
didn't do it. Well, I just asked Ryan Lannan
how he got over there. I don't know if you've talked to Lanno
lately. I don't think he's down to do schoolwork.
I was going to ask you if Heinze was
there. Professor Heinze?
History of Austin?
Dude, this class is unbelievable.
This guy was the best
dude in the world.
I always took it every summer.
You take it in the summer?
You'd go in there and he would
just tell stories. You didn't even have to go.
One of the papers you had to write, it was something
about Boston. The Freedom Trail
paper. I just wrote about I described an episode of Seinfeld I loved and just like handed that in.
It was like there was no rules.
This guy was the man.
He would show up for like the six to nine block, just start like spewing like random shit, random facts for like 15 minutes.
At 6.15, he'd like take a nod at his watch and be like all right everybody you guys are good
to go let's get out of here three hour class he's like get out of here rascals i think that's enough
for today you wrap it up but dude i fucked up so i wanted to do communication like that was what i
said my major would be but i did so many fucking heinz's classes i'm like i'm like three away from
being a history major i took history of Boston. I took history of pivotal trials,
history of pirates.
History of surfing.
History of pirates?
Dude, history of like any...
You know you're a history guy.
It was Heinze,
so you knew you were getting
either an A or a B.
I didn't know he's still there.
No, he's not there anymore.
Did you say history of pirates?
History of pirates.
Johnny Depp.
History of pivotal trials
was literally...
He talked about Sokko Vanzetti.
They're still finding treasure in the ocean.
They just discovered one.
Are they?
Yeah, man.
It's crazy.
I was actually talking to some...
It's such a weed pen comment.
Such a weed pen comment.
We're talking about treasure.
I was watching Pirates of the Caribbean.
Yeah, he's like,
oh, wait, that was that movie I watched
in the flight out here.
Fuck you guys.
All right, what else you got for these guys i had something else but i can't
think of it right now uh expectations for this year for you or just coming in like just coming
in the answer what i know you guys have a generic answer but honestly it's different than last year
i think last year my first day here was like i don't know if you remember you weren't on the
ice you were gone it was the worst performance i've ever put on. Like, ever put on.
This is funny.
This was hilarious.
So, it was my first skate.
I literally came home from Lake Placid from losing to Clarkson one night at my home.
And I was like, you're playing Monday night.
So, I was like, okay.
They were like, you got pregame skate and then you can play in the game.
So, you're meeting everyone the morning of the first game.
The morning of the first game.
And we go there.
Grizz apparently tells us, hey like let's zip the puck around
give it to him a little bit like make sure like he's having a good time let's make i literally
didn't catch a single pass didn't make a single pass and i just went like who is this no i think
guys are like what is this kid doing out here like rick nash like i messed like three passes to him
like like for him to shoot i was like oh my god like this. In the warm-up drill, too. This is the worst.
And then they were like, all right, you're going to be on the power play
for the game, let's put you in the middle.
And I had no idea what I was doing.
I was like, these guys are zipping it around.
I'm, like, in the wrong spot.
I'm like, okay, like, I don't know what's going on.
And then Nash ended up not being able to play that night.
And they were like, all right, you're going to be on the goal line,
which is where I played all year.
I was like, okay, thank goodness.
And then, yeah, and then obviously the game was great.
But that, Marci came up to me, he's like, if you, like, based off that performance,
I never would have thought that you would have scored or anything like that.
Marci said that?
Yeah, he was like, you put on the worst performance.
He said, I thought you were a super fan that won, like, Make-A-Wish,
skate with the team.
It looked like it.
It looked like it, honestly.
I wonder what the coaches were thinking.
They're like, what is going on out here?
Going back to the playoffs.
Now, what was going through your head?
You had the whole city, all the whole fan base in, put them in, put Ryan in the lineup.
What was going through your head?
I was going nuts, dude.
You would have loved it.
I was like, why is this fucking kid playing on group chats?
I mean, it was tough.
I wanted to play.
But they had plans that were different, and I was just going to be ready for when they called my number.
But it was tough.
I was getting texts from all my buddies.
But that's a part of what my dad was telling me.
It's like it's going to be every night.
You're going to get people that ask you to do things
or what's going on with the team, and it's tough,
but I'd rather have it that way than not.
What was that taste of the playoffs like?
I mean, it was a whole other animal.
It was crazy.
I mean, guys are beasts.
I mean, that's why I got a big respect for
this level now and this summer. I've been
training hard, hopefully, to be able to
be in a good spot for next year. But, I mean, guys
are animals. And I realized that
towards the end of the year, I think it was
the first game was Columbus, and then towards
it got way harder. Towards the end, it
got way harder. We played Winnipeg,
St. Louis, Minnesota.
I was like, geez like this is way
different we got like the flyers like we played some tough teams and then uh we got to the playoffs
and i was like all right like this is this is be all or end all like this is a different animal and
obviously it was tough to kind of just be adjusted that fast and hopefully next year i'll be way more
adjusted for that now did the coaches you said you had your exit exit meeting um did they really
have a lot to tell you what to work on like because you didn't have you said you had your exit meeting, did they really have a lot to tell you what to work on?
Like, because you didn't have, you know, you had a small sample size.
What did they tell you to focus on?
Small sample size, but I think.
Film class.
Yeah, film class.
I try to do well in my classes this summer and all.
They were like, just work on skating, getting stronger.
You could see how big and strong guys are and just kind of working,
maybe getting pucks off the wall on your right side and your left side
and kind of being a player that can play all three positions.
Dude, well, we wish you guys the best of luck.
Quickly for you, everyone says you're going to win a Norris trophy at some point.
You're on that path.
You feeling that?
Or you don't even think about that?
No, man, I've been thinking about that.
It'll come, though.
There's so many guys who I play against this year.
Who impressed you the most?
Dude, there's like a guy on every team.
I know.
I'm like, holy shit.
This guy's a stud. Playing against Carlson,
I've never seen anybody move the way he moves.
It's a joke.
He doesn't even train.
He's just a skinny skateboarder
with tattoos. But then playing against
Tampa, like in that
whole series, like going back and
forth, like watching Hedman go.
He's 6'6",
and he can skate like he skates
like carlson he just fucking glides and he just outskates everybody like defensively you're never
gonna get around another sweep it it's funny though that eichel said uh even for you know
if a guy like him there's always somebody better so it's like and and i think people who know that
it's like well i can always get better and you just see guys around the league that I know fans enjoy watching everyone,
but even players see other guys and appreciate their game.
So it's good to hear you're like that.
Without a doubt, man.
I mean, every night you're playing against a forward or a D,
you're like playing against some of the top-line guys with Z.
And I'm like, if you can't have an appreciation for other players,
obviously I'd take so much pride and be like, I want to shut this guy down.
But after, I'd be like, man, I kind of want to get that guy stiff.
Oh, really?
Who's the stiff guy?
I don't have any.
I didn't get any six this year, and there were so many guys
who I was like, I kind of want.
Okay, so who's the one guy you want?
Well, a couple guys, and I'm not worried about it.
I'll get Kells.
I'll get Amats.
I'll get Chucky.
I'll get the boys who'll get amats i'll get chucky like i'll
get the boys who i played like at the program with but like a couple to carlson sick would be pretty
sick or dowdy dowdy would be nasty trainer go over and say it was for someone else yeah yeah well no
i think you say it's for that guy and then that guy just knows we had actually you got to hear
this you want to hear this story no you got to hear this story. So we had Matty go over.
We were playing against the Kings.
Matty Falconer, one of our equipment guys.
Yeah, he said he's the most in-shape equipment manager.
Oh, yeah, he loves it.
But he's such a beauty.
So he goes over, and we're playing against the Kings.
And we had already played them once.
And this guy, they had a guy on their team who we just peppered.
Our whole bench was chirping him, and we were just giving it to them.
I won't say names, but
Maddie goes over
and asks our equipment guy for a stick.
For a signed stick from him.
Later that afternoon, we
come back and Maddie gets this stick.
The guy gave him a stick. He actually did it.
Maddie was like, are you
fucked? Obviously, no one wants
this guy's stick. Whatever. He brought it in the locker room and just left it there and
like the change stalls and i'm gonna get this name when we start recording and then i'll just tell
everyone on the podcast but that's glad i went i got lit strums i was i remember first time i
played against first time i played against them i was just watching them in warm-ups and then
every time i played against them i would. He always did the same exact thing.
And I got one of his sticks finally.
And I don't know if you've seen,
some of the blades have the sandpaper blade.
So it's easier to take the tape off. I think that's the reason.
But I never had it.
And then I got a Lidstrom stick and they got it.
I called the Easton guy.
I was like, hey, dude,
can I get that sandpaper on my blade?
And he's like, holy fuck, Jesus Christ.
So ever since then, I just had that. Me and Nick Lidstrom had that in common. A little sandpaper on my blade? He's like, holy fuck, Jesus Christ. Ever since then, I just had that.
Me and Nick Lister had that in common.
A little sandpaper on the blade.
I like that. Maybe that would have helped my game out.
Yeah, it probably would have, actually.
A couple times you broke sticks, it wouldn't have broke.
They were a little stronger blade.
You had enough sandpaper in your game.
Alright, well, thank you so much, guys.
Charlie McAvoy, Ryan Donato.
Studs, future Studs.
We appreciate it.
Thanks for having me.
All right.
Awesome.
That interview was also brought to you by Black Buffalo.
Black Buffalo is the only tobacco-free dip that delivers the same experience as traditional products.
It's got the same texture, same flavors, and the same buzz.
So you can keep the ritual.
We all like that habit.
But you ditch the tobacco because that's got all the bad stuff.
Don't want any of that.
Just want the nicotine.
And if you're new customers only, we got a nice deal for you.
They sell two packs and five packs exclusively on blackbuffalo.com with free shipping.
Also, they got some badass merchandise.
If you haven't tried Black Buffalo, you need to use the promo code NHL for 20 off your first order.
Again, that's for new customers.
Go to blackbuffalo.com.
Use the promo code NHL for 20 off your first order.
Also, give them a follow on at Black Buffalo, Inc.
for exciting updates and announcements.
Black Buffalo, born in Midwest, raised in the South.
Charge ahead.
Thank you very much to those guys.
McAvoy scored his first the other night.
I think that that's a pretty fun interview for us.
I mean, those guys just seem to really get it.
They're hard workers.
Great, great dudes.
Came over and had a lot of fun.
So I think everyone will enjoy that.
Yeah, well, we obviously met Charlie last summer.
I was very impressed with
them then but even ryan he just you could tell they just raised well they're nice kids i mean
they're obviously still young kids to me uh just very well behaved kids i'm sure they like to go
and have fun but they're so polite you know and they're quietly confident too you know they have
confidence in their ability which comes across but doesn't come across as being cocky like like
it may with some guys but yeah we really enjoyed talking to those guys,
and hopefully they can light it up this year.
Speaking of lighting it up, Biz, some teams are, some teams aren't right now.
You know, I wrote down the words early.
It's early, but, and I think right now it's early,
but the fucking Carolina Hurricanes, they have points in all five games,
the 4-0-1.
They were the people's pick.
A lot of people had them last year doing stuff.
They didn't make the playoffs, but it's early.
But the Hurricanes are looking good.
I was surprised.
I didn't like their off-season moves.
We shit on them before the season.
They probably listen to our podcast just like everyone else,
and they probably use it as bulletin board material.
Imagine us in a bulletin board material. And Rod, the bulletin bullet.
Shout out to Rob Brindamore, who's been doing a great job there so far.
And man, they just have a solid team.
Like that whole kid is fucking filthy.
And yeah, so I was wrong about that one.
Anyone else having a hot start that we didn't see coming already?
New Jersey Devils have only played three games because they started over in Europe,
but you can only play the schedule they give you, and they haven't lost a game yet.
Kyle Palmieri.
Yeah, they were losing today, actually, to San Jose.
They come back, won the game 3-2.
You know, again, it's early, but Devils 3-0.
Like you said, Kyle Palmieri having a hot start.
Taylor Hall picking up where he left off last year.
They're getting great goaltending.
This is a team that, you know, they could sneak up on some people.
I know it's early, but they're catching some eyes.
Wits, what about you?
It's early, but who's catching you maybe not in such a good way right now?
I'll tell you, boys, I was just a year off, but Vegas, a little tough right now uh i'll tell you boys i was just a year off but vegas a little little tough
right now he's going back to that fucking well i love it it's early you said the whole thing is
it's early but vegas a lot of off-season changes stastny stastny's missed the last two games i
think he's gonna miss three or four games. It's just a new team.
They had so much going last year, and so many people have talked about last year.
And Marshall Show came out and said, like, we got to stop bringing up last year.
It's fucking over.
I mean, this is an entire new season, and we have some issues that we got to clean up.
So I think they're still fine.
I think that they're just not playing the way that they
did last year they don't look as fast as they as they were played last year i mean the way that
they they just always push the pace and they still have a quick team so it's not like they're not
able to do that it just looks like maybe you know there there can be a cup hangover right i know it's
kind of cliche and bullshit but you go so far and you battle so long,
and then it's hard to get back into, oh, my God, this is just the beginning.
We're not even close to getting back to where we were and want to get again.
But when that happens, all of a sudden you get off to a bad start.
You're just battling uphill the rest of the season.
And I think the way this season started, it's the second year they had the nice run,
which it's just kind of a regular a regular year whereas last year the circumstances in which they started right after
that shooting it almost felt like the city like needed something to take you know not to take
them away from what happened you know an escape I mean we had it here with Boston with you know
the Bruins and Red Sox it was almost like it galvanized the city and it galvanized the team
whereas this year it's like okay it's just another regular city and it galvanized the team. Whereas this year it's like, okay, it's just another regular season.
And they don't have that kind of, I guess, emotional burst from the start.
I mean, I hate to use that, a tragedy in that way,
but that's kind of how it happened.
It was, you know, they raised the city kind of.
And right now it's just, okay, year two,
it doesn't get the same bells and whistles.
Yeah, I would completely agree.
And last thing, boys, before we wrap this thing up,
I went to my first ever Division I college hockey game.
Guys, before we get to all that other stuff,
I want to talk to our listeners about Quip for a second.
You know, one of the most important things we do for our health every day
is brushing our teeth, and yet most of us don't do it properly.
But Quip has given us a better electric toothbrush
created by dentists and designers,
and Quip was designed to make brushing your teeth more simple,
affordable, and even enjoyable. Quip was designed to make brushing your teeth more simple, affordable,
and even enjoyable. Quip's got the sensitive sonic vibrations. They're gentle enough on your gums.
Sometimes people brush too hard. Some electric brushes are too abrasive. Not with Quip, though.
It's got a nice built-in two-minute timer. Pulses every 30 seconds, let you know when to switch sides, so you're getting all your teeth cleaned properly. You're not throwing it half-assed
anymore. It's also got a nice mount for you to keep on your mirror. It your teeth clean properly. You're not doing it half-assed anymore.
It's also got a nice mount for you to keep on your mirror. It goes in your shower. You want to take it in your carry-on bag. It's great stuff. It's nice and convenient. And the brush heads are
automatically delivered on a dentist-recommended schedule of every three months for just 5.
Because three out of every four brush, I'm sorry, three out of every four bristles are all worn out
and ineffective. You don't want that because you're not going to get your teeth clean. Quip is one of the first
electric toothbrushes accepted by the American Dental Association and has thousands of verified
five-star reviews. Okay, I love Quip. I'm getting older, you know, like everything,
a little harder to clean, a little tougher to do. Not with Quip, man. My teeth are looking better
than ever. That's why I love Quip and they're backed by over 20,000 dental professionals.
Quip starts at just 25. And if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets, you get your first
refill pack for free with a Quip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free
at G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash chicklets. And that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash chicklets,
and that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Dude, you doing the shocker in that picture is so fucking funny to me.
They asked you to do it.
I feel like such a douchebag.
They asked you to do the shocker in an ASU picture?
No, well, it's the pitchfork.
They're the devils.
So I went to like, I thought it was a really...
I'm like, this dude's a savage.
And they want him to do it?
I didn't even know that.
Yeah, yeah.
That's how they roll there.
So a few of my buddies were in town, and they're like, hey,
let's go check out the ASU game.
Never been.
So I was like, sure.
I message my boss, and I say, hey, is there any way we can get tickets?
He said, yeah, let me message my contact there.
So one of the trainers from the team texts me, and he's like, hey, is there any way we can get tickets? He said, yeah, let me message my contact there. So one of the trainers from the team texts me, and he's like, hey,
come around the back, and we're going to have a parking spot for you.
I'll just let you in the back gate.
So I was like, oh, fuck, they're rolling out the red carpet for me.
I feel like a fucking legend.
Well, I go park my car, and I wheel in the back door,
and they have a little roped-off area for us, the back corner of the barn,
where you can watch right along the glass.
Well, who's fucking standing there?
Mario Lemieux.
No shit.
Yeah, his kid goes to school.
I didn't even know that.
And he plays on the D1 team.
Lemux?
Lemieux is in the corner with his wife.
Any discussions with him?
Yeah, I went up and said hi.
We chatted a bit, and he said he loves the pod.
Yeah, right. Did he? No, no, no no no he didn't know what the fuck oh you should have let me just believe that imagine
fucking listen to podcast that guy has a podcast he's just out being handsome just being cool
good at everything he's just cool all the time he's as cool as the other side walks in a fucking
room and it's like an aura comes about him. Like, it's just  everyone just stops what they're doing.
And you know what he's really good at too?
Golf.
Well, that.
Winking.
He's a professional fucking
Oh, my God.
I've never seen a guy wink like Mario Lemieux.
He gives you, like, a little subtle one, and you're like, ah.
It's funny to see you guys get starstruck.
I was going to just say, all I can think of is him in terms of me meeting people
and being starstruck.
I haven't met really any famous people.
But him being  I was on the same team as him.
I was scared to even look at him.
But, Biz, it's exactly right.
He comes in the room and it doesn't matter.
If he was in a random hotel lobby like in Texas, It's just like you're like, that guy's somebody.
If you're not a hockey fan, even you know, like that dude over there is somebody.
I don't know who he is, but it's Mario Lemieux.
You know the feeling I get whenever I see him and talk to him is I feel like
I don't want to talk to him too long because I don't want him to be like,
oh, this guy fucking sucks.
So I'm like in, couple one-liners, out.
I don't even want to say hi because he might be like, oh, this guy fucking sucks. So I'm like in, couple one-liners, out. I don't even want to say hi because he might be like,
why is this fucking guy saying hi to me?
Yeah, I feel like every time I see him too, he's like,
where do I know this fucking nigga from?
I told you that he talked to me one time,
and I sent him in on a breakaway in Long Island.
And then he skated up, tapped me on the chimp pad,
and he goes, nice pass, kid.
And I was just like, hold on, let me go back and crank it in the locker room.
I'll be right back for the third.
Did you ever have any actors playing in the OC wits when you were in Anaheim?
I can't remember ever meeting.
I get a horrible memory.
I can't remember ever meeting anyone famous.
Mario Lemieux is definitely as starstruck as I've ever been.
That's a fact.
Yeah, I would say I'm more starstruck by him than Wayne.
I've never seen Wayne.
I've never met Wayne.
I hung out with him at Gossard.
That was really cool.
He loves the stories, lets them fly.
But, yeah, so they were playing the number one team in the country,
Ohio State.
They ended up losing 3-2.
Well, between the periods, I had to go take a piss and
one of the guys like here i'll bring you toward to the bathroom to the private one so i was like
holy shit like these guys are really treating me well well they brought me to the one in the
in basically the room it was attached from the other side so i'm taking a piss beside a couple
of the guys who were in in the midst of the game and i was like oh god this is kind of uncomfortable
i don't want to be a distraction well this one kid's like hey man i'm gonna fucking like he starts chatting with me
and he's like oh i fucking hate these guys like we're gonna get the job done and and his name's
john walker johnny walker like the alcohol so he ended up scoring two holes that game and he
fucking scored in the second period and then he fucking came up along the glass and i was right
where i was and he pointed to me and i was like yeah i fucking hyped me up man i'm gonna go to more
college games is he is he drafted i don't know he's not a great skater but fuck where his hand's
good uh just a ricochet shot to poor johnny walker but he's stuck too oh he's probably gonna get laid
because he had a knot on the pod oh talk about, quickly, I'm assuming the talent at the ASU hockey game
must have been a sick joke.
I stayed in the corner. I was just staring at Mario
the whole time, boys. I don't really
watch much of the hockey.
Actually, speaking of college,
Mikey.
What a great place to play college
hockey is Arizona State.
Why wouldn't you go play there
if you're a college hockey player?
You can walk to the rink and flip flops.
You have perfect 10 models walking around.
It seems like a win-win to me.
Austin Lemieux knows exactly what he's doing.
He definitely plays the Lemieux card there too.
His father's Mario.
Yeah, but it's going to be a big season this year for college hockey.
I don't understand why they don't start the season like kind of college
football or college basketball does.
Some teams start, you know, one week.
Some teams start three weeks later.
They don't really have a kickoff, so it doesn't really make much sense to me.
But, yeah, like Biz said, you know,
I'll just go over some teams to look out for real quick.
Ohio State, they're going to be loaded this year.
They got Mason Jost and Tanner Lassarinski.
I think that's how you say his name.
No chance, Joey.
Oh, no, yeah, no chance, no chance. But Ohio State's loaded. Michigan's loaded. I think that's how you say his name. No chance, LaJoey. No chance, but Ohio State's
loaded. Michigan's loaded. I like Notre Dame.
The Big Ten schools are really
good this year.
I like BU this year. What are your thoughts on them?
What are your thoughts
on Albie? Big year for
Albie O'Connell, former BU
player. Great guy.
Great coach, too. He was an assistant
there for Dave Quinn, who's now the coach
of the Rangers. Congrats to him.
He got his first win as an NHL coach against San
Jose in overtime.
Albie's going to do a great job.
He can recruit. Really,
really good recruiter. Funny guy.
Down to earth. Knows hockey.
I think he's going to be great. I don't know much
about their incoming class,
but I hear good things.
I think it'll be another good year for the Terriers.
How does BC look, those peasants?
See, unfortunately, Whit, I think  I like BU, and like you know,
I'm a BU guy, but BC's going to be good this year, man.
I mean, they're bringing in Oliver Wallstrom,
and I think that kid is going to be almost a Casey Middlesex.
Who is this guy drafted by?
The New York Islanders.
Yeah, Islanders.
High.
He was like sixth or fifth, I think.
Maybe a little later.
He fell.
He fell to like 11, I believe.
Oh, was he supposed to go high?
Yeah, he was the kid that was like,
I'm going to make the Rangers basically regret picking me.
Regret not picking me because of, you know, how good.
What?
I love these fucking young kids.
They say shit like that now.
I wonder what made him fall.
How about the goalie for the Calgary Flames last night
celebrating before Johnny Goudreau scored?
That was awesome.
There's a new wave of guys just being fucking dickheads out there,
and I love it.
Hey, Goudreau had the filthiest toe drag on, I think,
Sissons on Nashville the other night.
Did you see that?
No.
Go back and look.
He had an assist in the game go back and look i
don't know what what goal it was he toe dragged sissons it might not even be sissons stay hot
wit it was the dirtiest move i've ever seen he's sick and that goalie already knowing he was going
to tuck that breakaway is fantastic and what did he do he even like pointed to something someone
thought he was celebrating too did you watch good draw i think it's his left hand he like kind of
points toward the net he does something before he puts his hand watch Gaudreau? I think it's his left hand. He kind of points toward the net.
He does something before he puts his hand on the stick.
I don't know if he's calling his shot.
Yeah, watch it again.
Or he might be yelling for the pass, though.
I don't know if he was.
I thought he already got it.
Check it out.
Yeah, give it a look-see.
I don't know if he was calling his shot or what.
He's making his reservation at Cowboys in Calgary.
Let's wrap this fucker up.
Johnny said he's going to come on the pod.
I texted him.
He had to go pick up his billet parents today,
but he said he's coming on soon.
Second time.
He's been on before with Kevin Hayes.
I think we need someone to have it.
We need to have Kevin Hayes on to talk to him.
By the way, Sox got the bases loaded.
It's 1-0.
Let's go, Whit.
Thanks for listening.
Talk to you Thursday. Down by the river, down by the banks of the river, Charles.
Oh, that's what's happening, baby.
That's where you'll find me.
Along with lovers and buggers and thieves.
Oh, but they're cool people.
things but I love that
dirty water
Boston you're my home
