Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 117 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to the roundtable here.
Let's go to Paul Bissonnette first.
Paul, where are you these days?
I'm in Chicago, boys.
Oh, what a city.
Oh, waking up. I mean, it's decent.
If you're into Ford modeling agency, smoke shows walk in the streets.
I actually found out today that it's called the Windy City,
not because it's windy, because of all the old politicians
that used to blow hot air out of their mouth.
Just a bunch of fucking liars.
Dude, that's a great fact for the beginning.
Yeah, I didn't know.
I mean, fuck, a bunch of liars. I'm just going to stay in my
hotel room now. And producer
Mikey Grinelli in New York City.
Hello, gentlemen. Again,
another great night to be from Boston.
Hell of a night last night with that Red Sox
win. Hell of a night. It's been
a good ride. And our boy
Ryan Whitney, what's going on, brother?
How are you?
How are you? How are you?
All right, boys, let's do a news roundup.
It was actually a record set the other night.
Connor McDavid, the Oilers were down 4-1 to Winnipeg.
Come back, they went 5-4.
Connor McDavid either scored or assisted on Edmonton's first nine goals to start the season.
That broke the record of seven that was set 31 years ago
by none other than
Adam Oates.
Who's that? I know, huh? Not a big deal.
So he broke that record.
Kyle Palmieri became the first player
in NHL history to score his
team's opening goal in four consecutive
games to begin a season.
He did so in the Devils' fourth straight
win to start the season, which was
the fourth time the Devils have done that in the history,
first time since 96, though it should be noted they didn't make the playoffs
that year.
What else we got?
Holy fuck, Rain Man over there.
Yeah, no shit.
We got some, you know, like to get it out there.
Marc-Andre Fleury tied Glenn Hall for 10th all-time in wins.
And the story we're going to spend some time on,
Mike Matheson
of the Florida Panthers got a two-game suspension for his uh earth crust smashing hit on Elias
yeah that was a good one I brought my a-game that day didn't I and your prediction was a game too
brother you said you said two games to keep the people satisfied that's what he got um what do
you think what's the did he deserve it or what We didn't think he was going to get it,
but first I have to go briefly back to the first thing you said about the
McDavid record. That's, that's insane. Well, you know,
but it's also, it's not a great, not a great stat. That's,
and you saw McDavid talk about it. He wasn't thrilled. He said,
it's not a great look for us. I'm paraphrasing.
Cause it means like where
the fuck's everyone else?
That's a
nice way of saying it.
It's incredible by him, but
that's not a great look for
their team when one
guy's involved in your first nine tucks.
I mean, come on.
Everton better figure it out because
you can't just have McDavid
assisted by McDavid, second assist by McJesus.
It's just not going to work.
Hey, I wish you would have went Steem and Willie Beeman in that interview
being like me, myself, and Irene shit, like just pumping his own tires.
What the fuck is everybody around here?
I'm going to fucking do everything?
Want me to stop pucks too?
Come on.
NBA guy, I got a coach.
I got to get the fucking rebounds.
After the game, I got to get the weed.
You need me.
Are you fucking shitting me?
You need me to win.
You need me.
Instead, McDavid's like, you know, fuck, this isn't great.
I kind of need guys to maybe score besides me.
So let's go Edmonton.
Oh, and R.A., I don't know if you mentioned with Fleury,
407 wins was enough
to tie him for 10th all-time
for Glenn Hall, the Hall of Famer.
And boys, fuck, I don't think he's going to be...
Fleury's going to play another four years, probably.
He might be in the top
five. What is fifth?
Do you have the list, Grinnell, if you want to pull it up?
Oh, no. Grinnell, he work?
Come on. Don't make him work.
All-time goalie wins.
Fleury, the fuck?
He's already in the top 10?
Wow, what a frigging career.
What a guy.
I would like to see him get even more kind of outspoken with the media. You know, when he came on with us, people were shocked at how funny he was.
He's one of the funniest guys I've ever played with, but he's quiet you know when in terms of doing interviews and stuff i wish he would get
out there a little bit more balls and wicked undercover prankster one of the worst in the
league so now all that shit that happened to me when i was in pittsburgh for like here he was part
of it i know it right but you but he did a good job of keeping it quiet, and he had no partners.
He was solo.
He was Han Solo.
And he'll deny to death.
He wouldn't admit to shit that he did to my dad
when we had him on the podcast before the cup finals.
That went well for him.
But that was not the chicklets bump.
But he won't admit to shit.
He's not the only guy.
Do you guys want me to read that top 10 list there?
Give me how many wins the fifth place guy has and tell me who it is.
All right.
It's Curtis Joseph with 454 wins.
Who's Joe?
Who's Joe?
Yeah, I mean, it's pretty close from about where Fleury is to about number three or four.
If Fleury wins 75 more games, where does that put him?
If Fleury wins 75 more games, he will be number three all-time in wins.
He's going to get 75.
Were people questioning whether he was a Hall of Famer
before he won the second to last cup?
Or I guess the third to last cup? Or I guess the third to last.
He wasn't a starter in either.
Is he a Hall of Famer?
He's got to be, right?
No questions?
Even though in the last two cups he was not the starter, correct?
He was for the second one.
He was the starter for half of the playoffs.
Into the conference finals against Ottawa.
And then Murray took over.
So he was basically the starter for one and a half of those cups
if we're keeping scores.
So we're all in agreement.
He's a Hall of Famer.
Yeah, done deal.
Okay, all right.
No discussion here.
What did you ask about, R.A., when I hopped back to the McDavid stuff?
Oh, Matheson.
Matheson.
And just another note, Pedersen is in the concussion protocol.
They haven't announced whether he's going to be out.
Pedersen.
Pedersen.
Actually, did you see the video they did?
His teammates don't even know how to say it.
People pronounce it like seven different ways.
Pedersen, he is in concussion protocol.
He hasn't been announced as out yet, just a little addition.
So, yeah, what did you think of the suspension with Doug?
Biz was right.
I still think it's not a suspension.
I think maybe if you want to give him a penalty,
I'm not,
I'm not changing.
And,
and I really,
I think we said this the other day,
I don't know where the hell this is going to now lead the league in terms of
what hits.
If that was a suspension,
you might see some crazy calls this year.
Cause there might be something that's even looks even less than that,
that ends up getting a game or two so it could end up being a point where people really start realizing oh my god like
they're going to suspend anyone who kind of gets hit or has a head injury um like i don't think
that that either discussing a suspension at all if peterson wasn't didn't leave the game with an
injury you know what i'm saying if that guy gets that guy gets right up, the ref doesn't even blink twice.
So injuries cause suspensions.
That's kind of how life is, I guess.
The kid got suspended when he beat the bag out of me in elementary school,
so that's how I guess it works in life.
Biz, what did you think?
Listen, I know I lean more towards the old school.
I said that I didn't think he should have
been suspended i'm okay with him getting two games under the fact that they're trying to change
things um i i will say this there's been some vocal people online saying it wasn't a hockey play
let's let's go back he got somewhat beat on the play earlier. Everyone's making it out like fucking Peterson broke his ankle.
It's like, come on.
But people over-exaggerate online.
So Matheson's thinking, yo, I'm supposed to shut this guy down.
My job is to defend.
And he ended up getting another battle.
You could tell his adrenaline had spiked where he was a little frustrated
that he'd been walked.
So he said, I got to get stronger here.
I got to get tougher.
I can't let this guy walk me.
Well, when he got him pinned up and he threw him down, yeah, he went over the top.
He fucking threw him too hard.
And it sucks that Peterson ended up getting hurt by it.
But don't sit here and fucking tell me it wasn't a hockey play.
Him being too aggressive on the end was, yeah, what's going to to lead to the suspension but it was a fucking battle along the boards so so stop with this this uh knee jerk
fucking reaction oh he should have got 10 15 games like give me a fucking break what he said 10 to 15
oh yeah go read nobody that has a brain oh okay well then as long as we're in agreement that way
and i don't think we need to spend any much more time on it i'd say a majority of people will say two games was fair
let's fucking move on did you guys watch the video it actually the actual video
yeah no i didn't want the department of player safety did you notice uh they pointed out
the downward trajectory part did they actually brought that up and how like he mushed them
going downward like yeah that's in the nhL, how many guys can actually push another guy down?
Like, shot him in anyone's head.
But, I mean, it's a pretty big boy league
in terms of most guys aren't going to be
I don't know, how do I word this?
And we're not blaming Peterson for that either.
No, he's just
Just Madison's a freak of strength.
He's a small  he's not a big guy, Peterson.
He's incredible.
He's going to dominate the league.
He doesn't need to be big, but he's going to have to get a little bit stronger,
so that shit can't happen to him.
Well, speaking of more violence, we can move on now that that's over with.
You guys consensually hurt each other, right, Biz?
Yeah.
That Miles Wood-Jamie ben fight was unbelievable to me to me that's i mean you tell ben was a little frustrated but that was an organic fight i don't mind those i'm happy no
one got hurt and that when everyone got out alive but uh that's jamie ben is is one of those top end guys that loves the old school
scraps hey how pumped up do you boys like do the boys on the bench get when you see a guy like well
i got a boner from watching it i don't even play for the team but i mean you see a guy he's making
9.5 mil a year and you see him chucking like that like that's gotta pump the boys up, no? Jamie Benn is an absolute old-school fucking what you want in a captain.
That fight made up for the fact that he doesn't eat pussy.
I don't even care.
I will never make fun of him that he doesn't eat box because of that scrap.
And another thing that I've heard about him, and I've never seen it
because I had Donor as a captain, and and donor would have always fought when, when I was
in league, uh, cause he's a bear, but, uh, him and Jamie, Ben and Bacchus used to go
out on a lot.
They had a little bit of a rivalry and Bacchus wouldn't fight him.
And apparently Ben's one of those types of guys where he'll call you out right in front
of the bench.
Like he'll go by and say, boys, your fucking captain won't even fight me.
Like what a pussy.
Like that's your fucking
That's a powerful move.
That's a power move.
That's a big boy move.
And I love Bacchus too, but apparently Jamie Benn is ruthless like that.
And, boys, I think I would give Gritty a blowjob to get him on the podcast.
Hey, also a part of that fight Miles Wood uh complete man rocket I know I think we've said that before yeah I saw him fight
I don't know if it was last year the year before oh come on wait Oleski is it Steve Oleski biz
yeah he played in Pittsburgh yeah there's Oleski a lesky on pittsburgh and mileswood was chucking
him i'm like i'm not saying he was it was a great fight but right away i was like oh fuck this kid
he's a big boy this kid can throw him and last night with ben i mean ben's tough i shouldn't
say last night uh excuse me tuesday night ben is tough and he stood right in there with him and he
went down he got up then he knocked ben down and
like you could tell i think ben's like all right i'm in one here this kid this kid can throw what
was impressive was when ben switched up he threw like three hammers and then as soon as he noticed
that the other side was open he in punch in like in quote-unquote in stride just kind of punched
grabbed on and switched up and threw but like I said, I love those.
I'm just happy no one got hurt because you know it would be all over online.
Band fighting.
Oh, my God.
Say what you want.
My 12-year-old kid saw that.
Now we can't watch hockey anymore.
Now we can't go to school.
We can't have recess.
Yeah, it did look like it was going to be rough for Wood early.
But like you said, Whitney, he hung in there, man.
He hung in.
He got some nice shots in it, but he's got to protect that face.
He's a man, Rocky.
You don't want to mess that pretty thing up.
And Grinnelli, yes, that fires you up.
Seeing that, that is the best feeling.
It doesn't matter if he's the captain or not.
Anyone on the team, you're like, fucking rights, buddy.
What a tilt.
And you know that guy's just buzzing ass biz.
But what the hell was I was also going to say something about?
Get off the weed.
What?
No, come back to me.
Come back to me.
Hey, get off the weed.
One other note I skipped over here.
Our buddy Brady Kachuk, unfortunately, he tore a ligament in his leg the other night
it looked like his skate I'm guessing
his right leg might have caught between
the boards and the ice there and it kind of
he kept going but his leg got caught a little
it looks like that's what it was anyways
too bad he had a great start three goals three assists
in four games he's going to be out a month so
hopefully he'll be back soon Brady
get well brother also we're bringing
on a former
NHL defenseman, Shane O'Brien, to come on
for a little chat. He was a great guest.
Had some good stuff for us. Talk about a guy
who could fire the boys up.
Yeah. He was a good
guest. There was
a video that went, I'm guessing it went
viral Tuesday, of the
Tim Horton-sponsored Team Kenya.
I don't know if you guys, did you see the video?
Oh, it was awesome.
I got teary-eyed, R.A., did you?
Absolutely, man.
It was such a powerful video.
You know, there's one hockey team in Kenya,
and Tim Hortons flew them over, brought them in the locker room,
and they gave them all this new gear.
They had those awesome jerseys.
They were called the Ice Lions, so it was a lion with a hockey stick
as the logo.
And these guys are all sitting there getting ready, and in walks Sidney crosby and nathan mckinnon and these guys were literally
brought to tears like they were like this sydney crosby fans in kenya just something you you don't
think was there but uh these guys they got all new equipment they got to they played a game i'm not
sure who the opponents were but crosby and mckinnon suited up with team kenya um they sent them home
with all kinds of equipment i guess they're going to try to pass it on to, like, you know,
basically try to start a youth program in Kenya.
But it was just, you know, there's so much negativity and bad stuff online,
and see a video like that, it really, as corny as it sounds,
it really did warm the heart, and it was really nice to see.
R.A., very well said, R.A.
Witt, you want to touch on it?
Yeah, I will.
All I could think the entire time was the content it would have been if i like the kenyans could have moved and i could have come up and
crosby it's you and i had like a sick like gucci bag or something just like unreal out from like
hey thank you thank you just thinking if the kenyan team opened up and i will i stood up to
sit and touched his face like that guy and said it's really you thank you so much that would have Thank you. Thank you. Just thinking if the Kenyan team opened up and I stood up to Sid
and touched his face like that guy and said, it's really you.
Thank you so much.
That would have been good content.
But I loved it.
I loved watching it.
Some of those guys weren't that bad.
One of the goals they scored, I was like, that was not bad at all.
And then Sid one time said, oh, sick pass.
I don't think they showed the pass.
Sid's like drawn up plays.
And they're like, hey, dude.
Get me the fucking puck.
You got to move it quicker there.
Girondi.
Like the Peyton Manning United Way thing for SNL.
What he's like.
Freaking Wi-Fi.
Yeah, yeah.
Sauce that.
He's like, we're setting up in a fucking triangle.
What the fuck are we doing out here?
It's like fucking Avakin and pick your feet up. Yeah. He's like, boys, that's not the control breakout we talked about. What the fuck are we doing out here? It's like, fucking Avakin and pick your feet up. Yeah.
He's like, boys, that's not the control breakout
we talked about. What the fuck?
Come on.
Oh, gosh. Can we mix in a save
here?
Yeah, Jesus Christ, we got you new pads
for a reason. You had fucking a Boston Globe
around your leg when you came over here.
Now you got fond pads.
You're getting out of the way of the thing.
Yeah, come on.
Those jerseys were sick.
Yeah, they were unbelievable.
Real sick.
Oh, go ahead, Wes.
Sorry.
No, it didn't really go into it.
I wonder if you could look and find how those guys even started that team.
It's kind of a quick video.
It was maybe three, four minutes.
So they didn't go into it.
They just said there's one team in Kenya.
I'd love to hear the back story of whoever started it.
Oh, I don't have the back story.
Of how it got started?
They watched my game tape and they're like,
if that guy can fucking make the show, let's strap him up, boys.
Free money.
Let's go.
Come on.
Have you seen this guy skate?
Holy shit, dude.
He's got a chair.
I could learn to skate rollerblades and fucking play.
He's got a chair out there.
It's like fucking public skating.
What the fuck is going on?
Come on.
But on a serious note.
Do you know what I'm saying, though?
There is not a bad bone in Sidney Crosby or Nathan McKinnon's body.
Best feet.
The best people.
Just good fucking people.
And it was nice to see a couple people saying, you know what?
I hate C crosby's guts
and i and i did piss on his face while he was cut out and put into the urinal at the wells fargo
arena in in philly during playoffs but this is this has turned the corner for me and and and
now they were fans and they said that you know i wasn't before seeing this but how can you not like
this guy and that's what i've been saying all along, right? We've been talking about that forever, how nice these guys are.
Same thing happens, I think, on our show a little bit.
You know, people listen to a guy they previously hated,
and then they realize he's actually a human being with feelings and emotions
and is a real person.
And like, yeah, the guy's not too bad.
So that happens a bit.
Some big news up north, man.
Just FYI, if you do live near the border, that smoke's not from Canadian wildfires.
Recreational herb has been legalized in Canada.
There's been some talk about it.
Is this going to have an effect on the NHL?
Who, by the way, has a pretty lenient policy already regarding marijuana, i.e. they don't suspend you for it, which is pretty reasonable.
There's been some varied comments around the league.
Connor McDavid, speaking specifically about the CBD,
he thought this is something that you'd be foolish not to look into.
He said, actually, I got the exact quote right here from McDavid.
There's one from  oh, yeah, he said,
I say this more talking about the CBD side of it, obviously.
You'd be stupid not to at least look into it, McDavid said.
When your body's sore like it is sometimes,
you don't want to be taking pain stuff and taking Advil all the time.
There's obviously better ways to do it.
You're seeing a lot of smart guys look into it.
You're seeing a lot of really smart doctors look into it.
If all the boxes are checked and it's safe and everything like that,
then I think you'd maybe hear them out.
Pretty reasonable response from McDavid on the CBD oil.
Go ahead, Biz.
And, I mean i mean fuck if you
need any more examples me and me and ra smoke weed every day smoke weed every day are there
any smarter guys on the planet than us um cornelli we won't answer that one okay yeah
go ahead with oh no i was just gonna say it's, it's amazing to see McDavid come out and say that.
Maybe Weed being legal there actually makes it easier for him
to kind of go about and bring up the subject.
He must have been smoking some when those guys chirped him
outside the restaurant.
Because if he wasn't smoking it,
he would have went over and knocked the guy's teeth out.
Well, that's what I would have done anyway.
Yeah, exactly.
Weed makes you so chill now, Biz.
Like, you never get mad at people online.
Oh, I'm just argumentative, and I swear a lot.
Oh, I wanted to say about the whole CBD thing,
and I know I've brought up the tennis elbow thing.
Wait, we're sick of hearing about the tennis elbow.
You're fucking 65 years old.
I know.
But I've had a bunch of ex-teammates.
I've had over 10 ex-teammates now text me saying, hey, dude, is that CBD?
Those ads you guys do legit?
Herbal active.
Yeah, herbal active.
And I said, no.
And they've all bought it, and they've all said this is legit.
So I'm rubbing it all over myself every night before bed. If you're trying to tell me that that's not better than taking three Advil, six Advil a day, a perk.
Fuck.
I mean, dude, that shit is bad news.
I don't mind taking Advil.
I've done it forever.
I haven't in a while now with this stuff, but it ain't good for your liver. That's not good for what's down your stomach, your gut, just crushing Advil every day.
Why not try something else and something like this from the earth?
And it's genius idea if the NHL would start really using it.
So we'll see.
That's amazing that you got that.
Ten guys.
Was that considered an ad read in the midst of all that?
We know Herbal Active promo code biz20.
Guys, I've had guys around the league texting me for it like crazy.
I'm not going to say names.
But, guys, this stuff is the real deal,
and I wouldn't be feeding you this bullshit if it wasn't,
and I wouldn't have actually got involved with the company,
humble brag, if it wasn't.
It's crazy.
But anyway, we can move on from that.
If you guys want to talk more about the dope side of it,
I thought that TSN has done an unbelievable job
of kind of documenting this and taking people's stories
and jumping at the forefront of this.
So credit to TSN for doing a couple pieces on it.
I don't know if it's like a five-piece segment,
but I mean, R.A., you got most of the information.
You're going to talk about the freezing situation.
Fuck, long-time NHLer, played in San Jose, I know, for a while.
I believe he played in New Jersey as well.
Won a cup there in 2003.
Scored a big goal in overtime of one of the series.
So, yeah, sorry to cut you off there,
but the point I was making was he got hooked on pain pills,
and I think he was taking up to six a day.
This is a very sad story.
R.A., hit us with the background on it.
Yeah, like you said, TSN did a video story on Jeff Friesen.
He was a guy who was a great
player he was uh very good very talented guy not really a physical player he wasn't a fighter he
wasn't like what we typically typically think of with guys who have these type of problems in the
past and yeah he got hooked on those pills like anybody who gets prescribed them is going to get
hooked on them because that's the way they operate and he even said that i you know i want to use
marijuana this was years ago the The NHL was reluctant.
And he said he basically retired because they weren't letting him use marijuana.
He found that was what worked best for him.
It got him off the pills.
He felt a lot better.
And it's basically like about changing the perception.
And I got to give credit to the Canadian media for what little I've read so far.
It's just interesting how they're much more open-minded and kind of fair in their approach, where in the U.S., I think we still have a lot of this kind of...
Well, because they don't have a shit ton of conservative Bible thumpers who are against science.
They just want to believe, oh, weed's bad. It's just like, fuck me. Are you that stupid?
Well, then even a quote like Mark Shifley, I read his quote, and he said,
there's not a lot of science out there yet in terms of long-term effects.
Speaking about marijuana, he's still on the fence about cannabis use for medical reasons.
Quote, I think it's something that still needs to be thought really clearly in terms of understanding the long-term effects.
Now, me personally, I think the jury's been in for a while.
I think, you know, we know, yeah, putting smoke in your body is not ideal.
However, the medical benefits. for a while i think you know we know yeah putting smoke in your body is not ideal however uh the
medical benefits wait so you so you'd rather than like obviously you not but like people who have
that argument you'd say oh so you'd rather regulate the pain that's something that's way
more harmful like we know we know the chemicals are bad like that's not nobody's denying that
so whatever the problem may cause me down the road because I'm smoking my weed pen every day to chill the fuck out and,
and for,
for pain management and other things and even sleep aid.
Well,
fuck man,
I'm,
I'm,
I'm not fucking dying.
I'm not,
I'm not,
I'm not speeding up.
I mean,
I am technically,
but I ain't speeding up the process with the chemicals.
I'm,
I'm,
I'm,
I'm slowing it down a little bit with the weed.
And the other point is too, you know canadian media um they're not beholden to you know uh big tobacco big alcohol
the big pharma big pharma basically that you know they're not they don't have advertising
deals with all these companies who you know don't want them to advertise weed because we does what
all those things do i mean it does what alcohol does for people. It does what pills do for some people.
I haven't found a way to regulate it money-wise yet
because the pharmaceutical industry is
Because it's a weed
We're talking big, big money.
I think Jeff Friesen started game seven of the finals.
I think that's what it was.
We kind of went off the rails there a little bit. Appropriately enough. I think you's what it was. No, it wasn't. Yeah, we kind of went off the rails there a little bit.
Appropriately enough.
But I was just thinking, I think you're wrong again.
Fuck you.
No, I was saying myself.
I thought myself out.
Oh, I thought you were chirping me about the fucking talk.
No, no, no.
But either way, watch that TSN thing.
It's great.
They're doing a great job.
And we should chuck it over to Shane O'Brien.
One of the most underrated interviews.
I'd put him there with John Michael Lyles.
Boom.
This interview was brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simpler way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event,
whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
I have the SeatGeek app on my phone,
and it is by far the easiest way I found to shop for tickets.
I can be anywhere with just a few taps.
I can instantly find seats.
I actually just used the app the other day to buy Bruins tickets for my nephew.
Going to the next home game, he's pretty fired up.
Doesn't have to deal with all the dirtbag scalpers in front of the garden.
Nice and easy, all with a computer.
Boom, bang, boom.
Saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices and find amazing deals.
And to get the most bang for your buck,
SeatGeek grades every ticket based on value
to help you immediately identify the best seats
that fit your budget.
Plus, every purchase is fully guaranteed
so you can shop for tickets on SeatGeek
with full confidence.
Make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals
on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
I'd like to welcome a very special friend of mine and i guess
part of the the three horsemen as they call them around the league i mean they're slowly fading out
there's potential of one to play this year but this is a a member that was born in port hope
ontario and he ended up assembling a pretty nice NHL career of 537 games.
I would imagine he had more kills than that along his path in Anaheim,
Tampa Bay, Vancouver, Nashville, Colorado.
Holy shit, did you unpack your bags?
Calgary, and last but not least, Florida.
I'd like to welcome Shane O'Brien to the podcast.
Mr. Roxy himself.
Welcome, Shane. Hey, thanks, Biz. Roxy himself. Welcome, Shane.
Hey, thanks, Biz.
That was a classy intro, bro.
I appreciate it.
That was a fire intro.
That was Biz's best intro.
That was pretty, yeah.
That was classy and at the same time had Biz's touch.
I love it.
I love it.
Classy and Biz in the same sentence.
Whoa.
Yeah.
I know.
I know, right? This is free credit. Whoa. Yeah. I know. I know.
Obie.
I want to know, are you playing hockey this year?
Oh, I don't, I don't know, man. I don't think so. I was my, uh, I did the old farewell tour with the boys in the summer out here just to give
them, you know, to keep the energy up. These young guys out here now,
no one talks, you know, they're not doing anything. These young guys out here now, no one talks.
You know, they're not doing anything.
So I went out for one more year and let the boys know that that was probably it.
So I did my little farewell tour with the boys.
Slapped Getsla around a little bit, and, you know,
that's probably it for me.
A little can opener to finish her off and fucking farewell.
The can opener is a dying breed, yeah.
I still pull it out every now and then.
The young kids don't
know what to do.
They don't know if
it's a penalty or what
it is.
I said, boys, you
can't teach it.
You can't teach it.
That was nice of you
to bring the energy up
for their inter-squad
practice games before
the season gets going.
So if the pace of the
NHL is up, we can
thank Shane O'Brien
for that.
Yeah, the Ducks
were one of the gates
hot this year.
I mean, I want a
little bit of credit
from the boys for getting them going in the month of August for sure. So no the Ducks are one of the gates hot this year. I mean, I want a little bit of credit from the boys for getting them
going in the month of
August for sure.
So no KHL for you then?
I was never good enough
to get over in the KHL
like you.
Where were you over there?
In Sochi or something?
Where were you?
I was in Sochi.
Obi, you would have
hated it.
You would have hated
Russia.
It wasn't your style.
I mean, dude, the only
reason I wanted to go
was for the chicks.
That was the only reason I wanted to go.
I figured if I went over there,
even if I had to pay for it,
there were probably going to be 10, so I was like, sign me up,
I'll make some rubles and come back
in a few notches out of the belt. I mean, that's good
for me. That's a straight up living. I'll tell you
what, in Russia, I've said it before, they're either
a 10.5 or they're a legit
.2. There's no in between.
Straight smokes or straight dopes.
It's either you're getting invited
to the Victoria's Secret fashion show
or you're fucking washing dishes at Olga's
fucking...
Or you're going to the Sergey
trash show. It's just like the trip to the
dump every week.
Do paid kills get an asterisk, Biz?
What's that?
Do you think paid kills, do they get an asterisk?
I think, I mean, Obi, I'd like to hear you chime in on this.
I'm not a pay-for-play type of guy.
I like the chase.
I enjoy the hunt.
Yeah, no, there's definitely an asterisk beside if you've got to make the
transaction, you know, in the bedroom or where it ends up in the back of the club.
But let's be honest, at the end of the day,
throughout our career, we all pay for pussy a little bit.
But yeah, there's definitely an asterisk
if money changes hands at that particular moment.
Or so I've been told, because I don't know.
I mean, I never had to pay for it much myself either.
Well, since we're on the hooker talk, my buddy,
I don't know if it was Craigslist or like Kijiji,
but what these girls
in toronto used to do is they used to rent a hotel room out for the entire day and they used to like
book deals where they would book out time slots and my buddy went over there and for whatever
reason he tried to make out with her and she goes oh no no uh what is it dfk is more and he's like
dfk and she's like yeah deep French kissing that's extra
you had to pay more to make out
with chicks that have been blowing nudes all day
like what the fuck is that
your guys were paying it
so your buddy was looking
for a little emotion
he wanted a little forehead kissing
or something
deep French I don't know
hey it was the franchise.
Who's that?
You know franchise?
Bonnaroo franchise?
Isn't that like LeBron?
You know the franchise?
Come on.
My buddy from Toronto, the tall guy, he was in Vegas with us the one time.
Connelly was ripping on him for the rest of Marquis.
He was the worst-dressed guy to ever get inside of a nightclub in Vegas.
He was the one wearing the white kicks when everyone
and they almost didn't get in for his white kicks.
Was that the guy?
Yeah, so Kevin Connolly got him in,
and Connolly was just ripping him the entire night,
but he was a good sport about it.
Yeah, I remember that.
I mean, the white kicks were a tough play, but, I mean, who knew, right?
I mean, you know, it's just your safe play with black shoes.
Well, I mean, you were talking about earlier. He was was the morale guy he was like the guy at shinny who
was picking up the morale yeah you want to talk about that you want to talk if you want to talk
about that crew you lined up that one time for the boys in vegas when it was me you richardson
and carly that was a that was a nationally crew you put together for that trip as well
but speaking of crews there there's no funner crew I've ever hung out with,
no offense, Witt or Grinnelli or R.A.
Then with you, Loops and Upby and Bonnaroo,
we did the July 4th party at Loople's Place.
Man, you guys have a fucking blast.
Yeah, man.
I mean, obviously, you know, your Bonnaroo experience,
you had a great you had a
great showing um you came out of the gates maybe a little heavy um but then then you then you made
up for it then you you made you had a tough trip on mushrooms yeah but i mean that could happen
to anyone um and then at the at the end of the festival i think you might have taken home first
star with the one you scooped out of there i remember being pretty solid so hey yeah your bonnaroo was your bonnaroo was top shelf i'll be honest and then
and then and then yeah she was a nine sorry you shouldn't grade we should we shouldn't grade
you shouldn't grade women but she was she was a nine though yeah so back so back to the number
scale uh but uh uh yeah i ended up getting my brown belt that weekend too.
And holy shit.
And then I found out she crushed another hockey guy in the NHL
and I was devastated.
I was ready to marry that girl.
Did you make her have a shower after Bonnaroo?
Did you just go straight brown belt right after Bonnaroo,
four days in the sun?
Okay, this is a wild story.
Somebody made her have a rinse.
Yo, wait. So this is fucking fucking insane i totally forgot about this story so after bonnaroo i ended up spent going back to nashville with her and i ended
up spending another night with her and you guys all flew back okay so i booked out a flight but
i booked out a flight you fell in love big time yes i wasn't kidding when I said I fell in love and then I found out she crushed
a hockey player.
Then I was like,
Oh,
whatever.
Who cares?
I'll just,
I'll just stick around for another day and,
and,
and,
and,
and repeat.
And,
uh,
okay.
So she's,
she was married and she had a kid.
The kid was not with her that weekend.
Obviously it was with the father,
but the guy was like still crazy over he came over pounding
on the door and she looked through the peephole while i when i was staring there that night and
she goes oh my god it's my ex and i'm like oh i'm like is he crazy she's like yeah i'm like
fuck so i go like hide in the bathroom the far bathroom in her place like behind the door lock
the door which i thought well you could hear this guy walk
around he's like who's here like why are you being all weird and i'm like oh my god i'm gonna die i'm
gonna fight this guy i'm butt naked well i forgot to lock the bathroom door and all of a sudden the
door opens and he peeks his head around the corner i'm i'm standing there like like oh my god
there's like does he have a gun or like i'm on my toes and and i was like oh hey man what's up and
he and then he didn't do anything you could tell he was like fuming after that but he ended up like just being like oh this is
fucking bullshit and like yelled at her and then ran out and i was like oh my god this is like
that was the most uncomfortable situation i've ever been in my entire life that's a scary thing
i mean that's it that's a scary thing but it is kind of her fault and all your fault is right i
mean you didn't know she's going that's kind of you know running around you should be mad at her not you i have to agree with him on
that oh absolutely no he was good he didn't he didn't really come at me but you just never know
what these people in nashville i mean you're dealing with like something you could be doing
with a christian guy or trailer park trash you're like if it's some stranger dude if it's some
stranger dude like that you're you're girls with like you can't be mad at him it's just a guy
trying to get some like be mad at her biz didn's just a guy trying to get some. Like be mad at her.
Biz didn't do anything.
Well, I mean, yeah.
Exactly.
It's just a guy coming off Bonnaroo that bangs your old lady in the butt.
I mean, it's not his fault, right?
I mean, it's just Biz being Biz.
And as it's showered in four days.
Oh, God.
That's it.
No, no, no.
So this Bonnaroo experience, you guys don't  it's the VIP experience.
I was shocked.
So I'm like, oh, going to a festival, I'm going to get all greasy.
And Upi's like, no, man.
We ended up being in T-Pain's tour bus that weekend.
You pay a premium.
You get golf carted around behind the stage to every show.
You get three meals a day.
Everything was like organic and really really good food 24-hour
concierge service if you needed domes at one o'clock in the morning they were going to get
your domes it was fucking insane man these guys were so dialed in and they brought me on board
i think because ryan o'reilly couldn't make it that year uh no i think i think you were part of
the team right away i think o'reilly came the following year after trying to replace your
yeah, I know.
You were part of the squad right away.
We wanted your energy for sure.
I just want to know, why would you want Dormers at 1 in the morning?
What was that?
Meanwhile, you wouldn't be able to get hard on him.
You know what I mean?
No, I was just using that as an example.
I didn't actually
Oh, okay.
So you get Viagra for backup. We don't know. I just tie that big piece example. I didn't actually. Oh, okay. So you get Viagra for backup.
We don't know why you just tie that big piece of skin on the end up.
I'm secure.
It's like a biodome.
Hey, so what were they calling Witt and Anaheim?
You were talking about it before we started.
Oh, yeah, that's a little low blow.
Is it?
Yeah, so, you know, my boy Loop will hear who, you know, you know Lopes, obviously.
And he comes up, I brought up your name, Witt.
And, you know, obviously we're talking about you and Biz doing your thing, how good it is.
And your name came up for golf.
And then he said something about the name of unfit me or something.
They called you an Anaheim.
And I mean, the way you used to skate and move the puck, I always thought you were in good shape.
But is that accurate?
Unfit me?
What's Lupo talking about there?
You used to skate and move the puck.
I always thought you were in good shape.
Is that accurate?
I'm spitting?
What's people talking about there?
Listen, I have this thing where my entire life,
when I don't have a shirt on, it's terrible.
I mean, I'm talking  and then if I take the bottom off and I'm naked,
dude, it's just a bad body.
I can somehow a little bit  it's getting worse, get away with clothes.
In the fall, too, I look all right.
But summer, my legs are horrendous and stuff.
But in the fall, I can kind of hide it.
But, you know, I take this gear off and unfit me came quick.
Do you know my story?
Do you know my story of the fake tanning in Anaheim?
Have you ever heard this?
No, I'd love to hear it, though.
Dude, you got to ask Loops about this and
Getze. So, I got traded
to Anaheim, and then Pittsburgh
won the Cup. Yep, thanks a lot.
And I got traded there.
Oh, I know this feeling.
Oh, yeah, fuck, we got to talk about it. That happened to you, too.
Alright, either way. So, guys are like,
holy fuck, look at how pale you are.
Look at this bag of milk. Getzef's just
giving it to me. I'm like, guys, I get tan.
I've been in Pittsburgh.
I've been in Pittsburgh all year.
I mean, how am I supposed to get any sun?
You're like nice salad, Getzy.
I get real tan.
Boy, fuck, Getz.
Chuck a helmet on.
On the RA special up there.
So Getz always gave it to me.
So fast forward to the next season starting,
and I got to leave for training camp i'm like
oh fuck i'm shit i'm still pale as shit i told those guys to be tan so i fly over i get spray
tan never done it before dude i looked unbelievable i went i went spray tan directly to the airport to
catch my flight to lax i looked so good i couldn't i went in the bathroom at the airport 15 times
looking at myself i'm like I'm so good looking tan.
Fast forward to the next morning.
Dude, the lady never told me to like shower.
You're supposed to wait to shower or shower at a specific time.
I wake up.
I get in late.
I wake up.
I go right to the rink. We're doing like the captain's practice before camp, you know, the skates, whatever.
Guys are like, holy fuck, you are tan as shit.
You're right.
I'm like, I told you.
It's unbelievable. I'm like, I told you. It's unbelievable.
I'm like, yeah, dude, we get off the ice.
I get in the shower.
I'm with Getzlaff, Perry.
I forget.
I think Ryan Carter was in there.
Dude, the water hits me, and this tan stuff is coming off me
like a waterfall in patches, patches of my stomach.
The tan is going away.
Getzlaff's like, you went straight there.
You didn't tell them?
You told them it was natural?
Oh, yeah.
I was like, you guys got me.
You guys got me.
Why is this stuff coming off in the water?
This is bullshit.
It looks like the opening scene of Carrie.
They thought your skin was actually falling off.
They're like, oh, no, he's dying.
Actually, the other nickname I had in Anaheim was Scummer.
I think it's Scummer and Unfit.
I've heard Scummer as well.
Yeah, I've heard Scummer as well.
I've never heard that.
That word's just based off just kind of being like a Boston scumbag,
they would call me.
They're just weasels.
They're rats.
I don't listen to any of them. Oh, it's funny. As we're talking to you, I'm in of being like a Boston scumbag, they would call me. They're just weasels. They're rats. I don't listen to any of them.
Oh, it's funny.
As we're talking to you, I'm in my house.
I got the TV going.
I'm on NHL Network.
I'm prepping for the season.
And they're showing an old Anaheim series.
I need to hear your back story on rookie year NHL.
You're on that wagon of a team, Pronger, Niedermeyer.
Tell me about that first year.
You were lighting it up when you got traded, too.
Yeah, man.
I mean, that first year went like, you know, I made the team.
I was the sixth defenseman.
I was playing like, you know, 10 minutes a night.
I go out there, get a couple of tilts or whatever.
We won every single game.
And honestly, me, Penner, and Perry, we were just lighting up Newport.
I mean, every night we would go out.
After the game, we'd go out until 3 or 4 in the morning.
I'd come to the rink the next day.
I'd get on the bike because I was fat, ready to make the bike.
I'd go out and practice a little bit, go to sleep that night.
Next night we went again, exact same thing,
out until 4 in the morning.
For like the whole first two months of the season,
I was like, this league is great.
I don't know what everyone's talking about this NHL is hard.
I'm like, all I do is maybe get in a fight,
make a couple plays off the glass and rip it up at Newport Beach. I'm like, this is great. I don't know what everyone's talking about. I'm like, all I do is maybe get in a fight, make a couple plays off the glass
and rip it up in Newport Beach.
I'm like, this is unbelievable. We were
so nasty.
I had no
income in the game.
I had no hell in the game.
It didn't matter if I played good or bad.
I didn't have no output in the game.
If I played good or bad, it didn't matter. I played four shifts,
five shifts. We'd win the game.
Everyone would be happy. Go out and get banged up again with the game. So if I played good or bad, it didn't matter. I played like four shifts, five shifts. We'd win the game. Everyone would be happy.
Go out and get banged up again with the boys.
So it was unreal.
Dude, so like
It was unreal.
Hey, were you going to the rink?
Were you going to the rink telling these stories?
Like were they expecting you to bring entertainment to the locker room?
They were loving it, bro.
In our corner, it was me.
It was Getzler, Pronger, Penner, myselfner myself perry solani so that whole little corner was i
mean you could you could imagine the smell coming out of that corner most mornings i mean
i remember solani saying like me and penner we weren't bad we could kind of pass for not being
hungover but i mean some mornings when cory perry walked in that dressing room i'd pick him up in
the morning bro my worm i'm like My worm. My Zin's free, bro. If worm.
He looked like.
If worm goes out.
He got put through the ringer.
Yeah, if worm goes out, you know the next morning that worm went out.
He's just falling around.
His eyes are bloodshot.
He can't even move.
And then he still goes out there and bangles people.
Oh, yeah.
Once practice started, he was fine.
It was just him getting through the warm-up and getting through, like,
not seeing a coach and getting out there.
Because once he got on the ice, practice-wise, he was the same player.
But, man, he was looking rough before most of them.
And Solani would always chirp him.
It was great.
But, no, those veteran guys went and they loved it.
I mean, and us young guys, we lived for it.
We loved going in there and telling stories.
So, a lot of the ball probably loved the balls.
Shane, did you have to, like, pinch yourself a little bit?
Because, you know, you were an eighth-round pick.
I mean, you know, usually eighth-rounders, the prospects aren't too great for them.
So, I mean, it was probably not a miracle, but a little bit of a long shot to get to the show.
I mean, did you feel like you were out of your element?
How long did it take you to get used to it?
Like, shit, I belong at this level here.
Yeah, no, for sure.
I think that probably hit me more when I was trying to make the jump from the
OHL to the American League, being such a late pick and not known.
And then making the American League, you know,
I kind of developed obviously through my three years.
And then, you know, making Anaheim's team, it was, you know,
walking out of the dressing room was obviously super intimidating.
But I had, you know, Getzlab and Perry and Penner and my boys that came up through rookie camps
and, you know, summer camps that we'd come in for two weeks and work out together.
So I felt comfortable enough walking there with my boys.
You know, like Biz and Whitney, winning cures everything.
So we were the best team in the NHL, and not a lot was said.
I mean, Randy didn't say much.
We just flew her on the radar and got pinned and banged some girls down on Newport Beach.
It was awesome.
Well, and back then, the physical play,
especially on the back end for like the 5th and 6th D-men,
you know, you had to throw your weight around
and get in some tussles.
And you earned that fucking spot in the three years
in the minors before that.
Let's go back to your rookie year in the American Hockey League,
163 penalty minutes.
The next year, you had 319.
And the year after that, you had
287. And this is the
time in the NHL where
they were sending down the
big, big boys that the guy's juicing
to the American League because they were like,
ah, they couldn't play a lick. But the guys
in the A still had to fight them. So you were
fighting tougher guys than the NHL tough guys
down there.
Yeah, I mean, obviously, you know all about that too, Biz.
I mean, the year in Cincinnati, during the locker room,
it was me and Sheldon Brookbank,
and we didn't have a legitimate heavyweight until, you know,
three-quarters of the way through the season because, you know,
these guys like Kip Brennan and Jeff Paul, and the list goes on and on.
So finally, me and Brookie go into Casey Higginson, our captain,
and we're like, dude, you know, we need a legitimate heavyweight here. Like, I mean, me and Brookie go in that Casey Higginson's our captain. And we're like, dude, we need a legitimate heavyweight here.
I mean, me and Brookie can't do it anymore.
So they legitimately hired this guy by the name of Lee Jacobson
who was working at a bar in Chicago.
And they've signed him to an American League contract.
And he comes out straight out of Goon Boys.
And he comes right out of wearing the security t-shirt on the ice
and has like three tilts his first night against Biz.
Who was that tough guy in Florida that got dropped by Josh Brown?
He fought Chris Simons.
Oh, Grant McNeil.
Yeah, he had like three epic fights with that Grant McNeil.
And we were like, we don't care.
He is fucking tough.
He was a killer.
And we're like, you know what?
It doesn't matter that this guy can't skate.
Let's get this guy on a team. You know know what it's like because when you have a you just
mentioned it i'm going to tell people who are listening to look this fight up it's grant mcneil
and the the guy who was in uh fuck who who was it what's he gosh grad grant mcneil john
scratton was unbelievable till grad's fucking broke his jaw. Yeah. But Grant McNeil's first one,
he got,
he got Chris Simon,
Chris Simon.
Look up that one.
If you're listening to this,
that is a tilt.
Which one you're talking about?
I think we need a team.
Who's the line story?
Oh,
yes,
we do.
Oh,
Tim was so long.
Hey,
I mean,
the flashies.
I'll interrupt you quickly just because I've let the listeners know before
that he's the biggest legend of all time with the complete wrench.
He's jacked, you know, the four beautiful kids, whatever it is,
the cars, the millions, the goals.
I mean, everyone knows this guy's a legend.
Buddy, it's funny you say that because me and Luce one day were teeing up
talking about you and stuff and the one
day I guess you just came in the rink and you said exactly
that and the boys were like oh the table was in a good mood
again I guess you were like well why wouldn't
you be looking at them sick hair
500 points blah blah
tons of cars great tan
sick wife walking around with a rope
yeah everything
yeah he's like Henry Clunker
walking around yeah exactly oh hey Obi speaking of that Yeah, everything. He's like Henrik Lundqvist of the West. Walking around, yeah, exactly.
Oh, hey, Obi, speaking of that,
you were there the weekend of the awards
when he won his first Vesna.
Buddy, do you remember that weekend, dude?
That after our party was...
Who won the Vesna?
Henrik.
Henrik Lundqvist.
Oh, you guys were there then?
Buddy, we went there. Whatquist you guys were there then buddy we went there it was that was when
you guys up shiru brought me to the nhl awards claude shiru as my as a date i had two rooms i
never even checked into the one because the nhl got you one it was the biggest fucking shit show
weekend i just rode these guys coattails uh yeah i i can't tell some of the stories but it was good
i trust you and if i can't tell the of the stories, but it was good. I trust you.
And if I can't tell the stories, you know they're fucked up.
I can tell one story from that weekend.
As the awards were going on, I obviously didn't have an invitation to the awards.
I think you went.
You were working the red carpet or something.
So I was in the pool with one of my boys, PJ,
and we bumped into a couple of Edmonton girls.
I think we were at the Wynn or somewhere.
It doesn't matter.
And we're in the pool with them.
And sure enough, the good old classy Edmonton girl, you know,
one cocktail next to you.
No, I got her just riding me in the pool.
And as Henrik was wearing the Vesna, I was,
I was having some sex in the Wynn pool.
So it was a great day for me too.
Everybody won.
And then we went to that Encore Beach Club.
They had, they opened it up afterward and and it was for all, like, you know,
the people who were involved.
Buddy, they must have hired some fenbots to come over from Russia or whatever
because there were some girls there that wouldn't have the balls to talk.
There was one girl that walked into the after party in a Hank suite,
and, I mean, she had a couple security guards with her. I don't know what country
she was from but I think it was
next level.
Might have been.
Might have been but she
was a rocket salad.
You got any other
RAs got one for you?
Actually I had a couple.
Every time we have tough guys on I kind of have the same
sort of questions I like to ask.
And obviously, looking at your penalty minutes, Shane,
you fucking bundled a lot of guys.
I mean, 319 penalty minutes, like Biz just said during the lockout.
Yeah, that's pretty impressive for the AHL.
So I want to ask, who's the toughest guy you ever fought?
Toughest guy I ever fought was Derek Brug was, uh, Derek Brugard for sure.
He,
uh,
we were in Minnesota,
we were in Minnesota and,
um,
you know,
Chris Kunitz was like coming up the wall.
And my partner was Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe,
Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, Joe, university he would take slap shots that i would either the goalie would save or be a rebound or it would rim and start the team's breakout and go down to like your own goalie that's it that was
his only two plays he had yeah that was my first nhlb partner by the way with like ddd wasn't even
he didn't even know how to go ddd i'm like dude slide it over once like just once let me touch
it here just off the window up the window i, dude, we're defending again, bro. We're defending again, bro.
D to D hinge or something.
Turn the sticks over.
Obi, you're a big time.
You need to feel it.
Like, you need to feel the biscuit.
You were always, like, you loved feeling it.
You made some sick dishes.
Like, you couldn't just, like, not ever touch it,
or you just didn't have your game going.
No, all right.
And I always thought, like, if we have the puck,
they can't score, right?
Like, I mean, we're off the fan. they can't score, right? Science.
Make a couple B2B plays, get it deep and change.
I think it's a good night.
Once you start firing up the wall and hit the skate,
now your gap sucks.
Now you're just like, now I'm in one.
Especially when you're playing in Colorado, man.
All the high altitude and you had to play there for a couple years.
That would have sucked.
There was nothing fun about playing there. I love the mean, I love the city and all the boys,
but when it came to actually playing with the altitude biz
and, you know, my physical, I was never probably the top,
most conditioned guy out there, so some nights it was hard, bro.
Did Bogat give you the worst beating you ever took as well,
or did someone else give you your worst beating you took?
My worst beat?
I mean, Kip Brennan beat the wheels off me pretty good
in the American League at the All-Star.
We had this guy named Sean O'Connor who just got called up from the cheese.
And he's like, he's working the  yo.
We've had him on.
We had him on.
I told the story about him about when Babcock told him
he'd never fucking skate in an NHL arena again
right before his first AHL game.
Were you on the team?
Yeah.
I played with O.C.
Yeah, he got called up like halfway through the lockout year with us.
I forget where he was.
Okay, so you guys went and played a promotional game at the Pond
against Grand Rapids.
Yeah, exactly. We did, yeah yeah yeah and and he was taping his
stick on the bench and babcock walked out and he goes pretty nice arena didn't even look at him
and and and he's like yeah it's unbelievable like it's amazing and he's like yeah i will enjoy it
because this will be the last time you ever set foot on it and he walked back down the tunnel
and sure enough he went like dash two in the first period with a stupid
penalty, and then he got sent down after
and went back to Cincinnati.
That was the end of it.
Oh, man, that's
fucked up.
Shane, I'm taking a look at your hockey reference
page, and first time you get traded
to Tampa from Anaheim, one of
the picks that you were traded with was selected
on a guy, His name is Luca.
I don't know.
The last name is spelled C-U-N-T-I.
Is his name really pronounced Cunty or is it Cunty?
Have you ever heard the guy's name before, Luca Cunty?
I think it's Lucas Krychek, isn't it?
Some Czech guy.
Or no, is that the guy?
I don't know.
I got traded with him.
It said the pick that was traded with you to Tampa,
it said the Tampa selected Luca Conti, C-U-N-T-I-O, Conti.
And he doesn't even have a page on hockey reference,
so he never made it to the NHL.
But I don't know if you're familiar with the guy
or if that's indeed how you pronounce his name.
I wasn't familiar with that at all, but that's hilarious.
That was actually the guy that was dating
the girl that Obi put on the work
bench in the pool.
Actually, I just
found this page. Yeah, he played over
in Switzerland for a while.
So, Obi, I, along
with you, was traded from a team who then went on
to win the Stanley Cup.
Awful feeling. Give me your thoughts on when the trade went down. Were you kind of heartbroken? who then went on to win the Stanley cup. Awful feeling.
Give me your thoughts on when the trade went down,
were you kind of heartbroken? And then when they ended up winning the cup,
what was that feeling?
Like I always ask other people who went through that shit.
Yeah.
You know,
obviously I got,
I got traded with like two days before the deadline.
Me and pairs were cruising back down from the,
from the pond.
We were cruising down to Newport to grab some lunch on the peninsula or whatever.
And, you know, my phone rang and, you know, it's Brian Burke.
And, you know, like any other player, you know how we feel.
We're like, oh, fuck, we know what's coming.
And, you know, he said, hey, I traded you.
And the first thing I thought is where to?
And he said Tampa.
So I was like, all right, I can still see it up.
It's a pretty good city.
Like, this will be all right.
I mean, and then he told me, like, listen, I didn't want to trade you,
but I got a first-rounder for you.
So I was like, hey, Berkey, if you got a first-rounder for me, bro,
you got to pull the trigger.
I don't blame you for that.
But then I started packing up my stuff, and it kind of hit me more with.
The day I kind of left Anaheim, I honestly knew I was the best hockey team
I'd ever been a part of.
I knew they were going to go on and win the Stanley Cup.
They were just that stacked.
And you boys know how it is. When your dressing room is
clicking the way that room was, everyone got along
for the most part. Everyone knew
their roles. And when it came down to skill,
they were just the best team in the NHL.
I knew I lost the Stanley Cup.
And watching them go through the playoffs, I actually came back
to Newport. I was hanging out
with Lubes, you know, whatever. And they won the Stanley
Cup. So as soon as they won the Stanley Cup, me and Lubez jumped in his, I think he was driving a
Bentley then or something. We jumped in there and went to Palm Springs for like three or four days
to drink away our sorrows because, you know, Lubez got traded for Pronger in the previous
summer. So we both kind of missed out on it, but it was the biggest bummer ever.
It almost happened to me in Vancouver tooouver too i've never been uh dealt
before is your first thought where where am i going and then you hear tampa and you're like
nice city it's warm good living hot attractive women and then you're like okay i can deal with
that yeah that's exactly what you're thinking i was just like when you said you're traded i'm like
oh please don't say like edmonton or calgary or Columbus. That happened to me, too.
You know, I was like  yeah, I was like, fuck, man.
I was just like  I had a sick pad down the beach.
I was like  my bullpen was pretty good at that time.
I had some girls going through it.
I was like, oh, man.
Nice having a good starting rotation.
You've got to have a good bullpen, you know.
It takes a while.
Unless you're like a fucking big-time wheeler or something, which I'm not.
It takes a while for me to get my bullpen where I want it.
And I just finally, as a rookie in the NHL, had a nice bullpen at Newport Beach.
Boom, next thing you know, I'm on a bird to Tampa,
and I got to get going all over again.
Yeah, it could be worse.
You got to start over GM mode on your fucking video game.
Got to start over GM mode, bro.
Oh, go ahead. Sorry.
Dude, are you now like media?
I see you do some stuff with Sports Radio Vancouver.
Like, what's your deal?
Like, are you like going to be one of us journalists?
I'm trying to follow in your footsteps, bro.
I mean, I've been doing just a little weekly every Wednesday or Thursday,
depending on, you know, our schedule and our schedule.
I've been doing a thing for Sportsnet 650.
I did it all year when I was in,
when I was in Austria.
And,
you know,
obviously we talk Canucks,
you know,
we talk what's going on in the NHL.
And then,
you know,
we try to make it fun near the end,
talk about some other stuff.
So it's been going good.
The two guys I do it with are cool dudes.
And,
you know,
I enjoy it.
So it's been a lot of fun for sure.
Everyone check that out.
Yeah,
for sure.
Yeah. Oh, you'd be awesome going media full time. Now, I know you. So it's been a lot of fun for sure. Everyone check that out. Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, Ops, you'd be awesome going media full-time.
Now, I know you made a decent amount of money playing. Are you interested in dedicating a lot of your time to it?
Or are you more like, nah, man, I'm going to retire and enjoy myself.
And I want to golf.
Yeah, like witness.
Well, no, I mean, maybe if I didn't spend so much money at clubs throughout my career,
I might be able to just tee it up.
But those clubs in Hollywood and Vegas and New York, dude.
But you do get the air miles.
Those things add up, man.
You do.
Yeah, you get the air miles.
But, no, honestly, boys, like, you know, I respect what you guys are doing.
I respect what you're done with the spit and checklist thing.
And, you know, yeah, I love doing it.
I think if we bring more guys, like, you know, not to lump me in with you guys,
but guys that played, some guys that are just getting out of the game,
some guys that have seen some things, to let these people know what,
you know, NHL guys are all about.
You know, you can turn on the NHL network sometimes.
And, you know, Wynn, I think you're great on there.
But, you know, a couple other guys that I'm not sold on.
But I think we could make it, you know,
there's some cool guys that put in there.
So like you guys know,
and I don't think everyone out there realizes how cool some of these guys
are.
Well, I know some of them don't have,
some of them don't have that motor where they don't really care what,
like to say what they think in public.
They don't want to deal with the criticism because there,
there is a lot that comes on this side of it.
And you have to get up and put on that face every day.
It's not necessarily easy. And also some guys get up and put on that face every day. It's not necessarily easy.
And also, some guys just would never put themselves out there like that.
Now, do you think that you'll be able to go full in on that?
Yeah.
I mean, you know, throughout my career, I've been in the media, obviously,
with probably more bad things than good.
So I think that helped me throughout my career dealing with the media,
like you said, putting yourself out there,
dealing with some adversity when everyone
in the city you play in or whatever
knows what happened, knows what went down.
If you can handle that, I think when you're done playing,
I think handling the media and putting yourself out there
and talking about the real things about the NHL
and not always saying the cliches you hear
or talking about the three-on-two
or the two-on-one. Sometimes I think you've got to talk
about some different things inside the
room, what the boys are doing away from the room.
You'll be talking about the two-on-one, no backtrack, obvious.
Yeah, exactly. That's the two-on-one
you want to talk about. Whose guy was that?
That's what's happened.
Who had that guy?
The beach towns in LA andA. and Orange County,
they seem to be like the sneakiest, like best places to live
if you're an NHL player, no?
Like Newport Beach, Manhattan Beach, all those beach towns?
Yeah, it's pretty good out here.
I mean, Newport can be a little chill sometimes.
I mean, in the summertime, it's not bad.
But, you know, if you're looking for a little more action,
a little more greasiness, you go up to Hermosa Beach where most of the boys from the kings live it gets pretty good up there
and then um there's some fun in santa monica but um you know down in the oc it's pretty chill but
it's an unbelievable place to live um but yeah it's cool out here will you live there forever
you think like you're there for good uh i don't know man i mean uh i'm here for right now i love it i got a sick
golf course under wit if you're ever out here big canyon country club dude i've heard that
it's pure bro well what's your handicap now with it's like a two right now
dude i'm i got a big golf i got a big golf match against some fuck named bozo that works at Barstool. How many pops you got?
I don't give him any pops.
I lose five grand as opposed to just winning three grand,
so I have to risk more money.
Okay, that's fair.
How's your game?
Dude, is Uppy still just nasty?
Uppy's nasty, bro, but you play golf with Updog now, man.
He's on instagram the whole time
he's doing the kiss face he's like looking abroad like anytime up he's on my team i try to take the
phone away from him put on the other side of the cart and he's uh concerned about the tunes as well
he has this i was just gonna say he has some of the sickest tunes going out there though he's got
the he's got the boys feeling good but if you can keep the up dog off his phone, which is impossible,
I mean, his game win is tight.
I mean, he hits it long off the tee.
I know.
His only downfall is he can't chip very well.
But other than that, his tee to green, he's solid.
He's real solid.
Yeah, he's an absolute ball striker in more ways than one.
I would say up, he's just kind of a ball strike in his way through life.
He's a ball strike in his way through his whole life.
Yeah, he's not too many bad days when you're the up dog.
You were supposed to come out to Boston for some concert.
Uppy got in touch with me, and we were going to tee it up at Old Sandwich
at my place around here, but you guys ended up probably
you know what you did?
You ended up in Nantucket.
You went and ripped it up somewhere else.
I saw a beautiful Instagram of you three just ended up in Nantucket. You went and ripped it up somewhere else. I saw a beautiful Instagram of you three
just hanging out in Nantucket. I'm like,
what are these guys doing on that island?
They don't fit in on that island. They're too crazy.
We probably don't fit in on that island,
but that island, as you know, it's unbelievable.
We had a great time out there.
We went with our boy Andy Mack from New York.
He set it all up.
We all brought some girls in there and stuff.
It was fun.
But, yeah, we lit it up for  I lit it up for like six days in Nantucket.
We went to the Chicken Box.
You ever been there, Whit?
Yeah, I've never been there.
Obi, when I turned pro, we used to go there for Fugawi.
I think that was  were you there for Fugawi?
It was May?
I think it was.
Or either way.
Memorial Day weekend.
Either way, dude. We'd go to the chicken box and they didn't take credit card
back then. And I was with all my boys. I had to take care of all my boys.
So what I would do is I go to the ATM, 200 limit.
I take out 215 times and hand 200 to all 15 of my buddies.
So they wouldn't have to keep asking me for cash.
So yeah, I've been to the chicken box. Dude, that's living,
man. I haven't ripped it up like that in ages.
I miss the fellas.
Yeah, man.
That's how you take care of your boys, huh?
That's a good play. At least they don't have to ask you for money the rest of the night.
You can just enjoy yourself.
Here's two hondos. Go have a time.
You put your card down and then everyone's like,
oh, Whitney card, Whitney card, but when there's no card
down, they get up to keep cash. They take cash boom there we go everything all the booze like
what is this what is this in my hand like what is this cash whitney um uh obs what was the funnest
thing you guys did as a crew this summer i know you guys usually do trips i know you've been
australia in the past what was the what was the fun thing you did this summer? Yeah, those boys ended up going over to Europe,
which I missed out on because I was just kind of chilling here
for a little bit.
But, you know, I think when we went to New York for a week,
Lupo opened up a new bar in the West Village called Due West.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a good little spot.
So came in for the week.
I crashed with Loupops, updog.
He took Matt Harvey's place after the Mets shipped him out of town.
So we had the West Village surrounded.
We played some golf.
We played Liberty National.
Those boys played Ridgewood.
I miss Ridgewood, boys.
I went a little too hard in the city.
I ended up losing my cell phone.
I couldn't make it to the round.
So that wasn't my finest moment.
Loops bought a place in NYC, didn't he?
Yeah, Loops is, yeah. He's got a sick little two-bedroom condo right there in the west village
nice man that guy is a fucking pimp he is handsome he's got a shit ton of dough he knows what's cool
he dresses nice and i'm assuming he's got a rope on him i've never seen it in the flesh i called
him i called him el perfecto. You want to know how good
Lupo is, just ask him. He'll tell you.
El Perfecto.
Oh, man, I love
that. I love that. Billy Brookbank told
me that you boys were calling him El Perfecto
and I was loving it, man. It's so perfect.
It's so perfect. And then Lupo should send
the... Who was the WWF
wrestler? Mr. Perfect or whatever. He'd just
send clips of him just with cash.
Yeah. absolutely perfect.
Do you think he would ever come on the podcast?
I feel like his situation in Toronto kind of made him go in isolation.
Yeah, no, I'm kind of  we don't talk about it a lot,
but since his contract's done now,
every time he'd maybe break out the blue label to get the scotch going, I'd tell him, I'm like,
dude, you gotta, you know, you gotta say something.
You gotta go out there.
Tell his story.
Tell his story.
I go, I don't know what it is you have to say, I mean,
but you gotta tell your story.
And, I mean, he was a big deal in Toronto.
I know Leafs fans, you know, you know,
because you're not terrible.
I still go back to Toronto people asking about Lupo.
Like, he was loved by the Leafs fans,
so I think he's gotta say something personally. Here's what I don't like about the situation. He was loved by the Leafs fans, so I think he's got to say something personally.
Here's what I don't like about the situation.
He is such a good person. He has so much to
offer as a human being. I feel like that
situation in Toronto, because Lou came
in and all these fans were like, oh, we trust Lou,
whatever he does. And then Lou
basically didn't give him
an opportunity and shipped him out for
whatever reason may be.
But Lupo has really never spoken up on it.
He,
he made a comment on Instagram that got a lot of people perked up and then
he deleted it.
But I would love to hear from loops.
He's such a kindhearted guy.
He's got a ton of knowledge about different things.
He's fucking awesome guy,
man.
Yeah,
man.
I mean,
you know,
obviously once you get them,
you,
you both know him very well once you
get him to you know feel comfortable with you and get to know him he's he's he's one of the biggest
all-time beauties ever and uh you know it was a tough two years for him i mean he probably wouldn't
admit it but uh you know we all know the game's gonna end eventually for us but you know the way
it ended for him i i don't think it's the way he wanted to go out and i just think personally like
you said biz he's such a cool dude and good good guy i think he should say something and let these people know what what
really went down and um i'm sure leaf fans and people around the world around the nhl world
will respect him more for a kind of but i mean only he can decide that it's his thing you know
i was just gonna say in due time and you know maybe he's just not ready for it but i hope
eventually he does because you know he's i think he's got a lot to offer the hockey world too.
I mean, he could fucking kill this side of the industry.
I mean, he can be well-spoken.
He can put them on TV.
Girls will be fucking jamming themselves to him,
and the guys will be listening.
Yeah, well said, bro.
I can't pull that out, but well said.
Yeah.
All right, Ops.
Dude, this was awesome, just like we knew.
We didn't even ask him about Vancouver.
Can you agree to come on?
Can we do this again?
Can we get more into your career?
Because you know how we just end up off the rails.
Boys, I would love to do this whenever your beauties want.
You just let me know.
That's awesome.
I love what you boys are doing.
Especially when the season gets going.
I love to get your opinions on the current state of affairs
in our wonderful game that has given us so much.
He could be our Pacific Division expert when we call him in
when we're referencing the Pacific Division
because he's working on Canucks Radio, right?
Yeah.
I got the Pacific Division.
I got a lockdown, boys.
Yeah.
Thank you very much, buddy.
And what an unbelievable interview with Shane O'Brien.
Guys, I think he has a future in media.
He's a funny guy.
He's well-spoken.
And he just plain old gets it.
He's just one of the boys.
One of the boys.
He's one of the boys.
I went to Bonnaroo with this guy.
He's out of control.
But before we send it to Allwright Hamilton,
can't wait, by the way, for Allwright Hamilton,
I have an issue with Keith Yandel, and I'm going to call him out.
I'm going to give you the audio here real quick,
and it's going to be about his comments about my hint
to watch Bo Burnham to all our fans.
You might never get over the fact that you really like this guy.
And you were on his side, and it's bullshit.
Because Bo Burnham is funny.
You sent me one thing, and I watched it,
and I didn't think it was that funny.
It wasn't like  I'm not  it wasn't the funniest thing in the world.
It wasn't terrible.
But you were  I mean, listen, dude.
You were talking about.
I'm raving about him.
I think he's a genius.
I think he's a.
You were talking like it was Eddie Murphy's Roth thing that R.A.
brought up that I didn't know about.
No, but Grinnell, you can vouch, but Grinnell,
I want you to play the audio, and this is Keith Yandel asking a couple
of the Florida Panthers on the plane.
Eckblad, I know you were one of them.
This guy's getting torched, by the way.
I got torched.
Play the audio, Grinnelli.
Hey, what do you think of Bo Burnham?
Worst ever.
Uncomfortable.
You got to put it on yourself now.
Worst ever, though, too.
I don't want it going viral.
What do you think of Bo?
Awesome.
On a scale of 1 to 10, how poll? Awesome. I'll scale one to ten.
How about it?
Negative.
And now your turn.
Would you rather have this and that sports skin or watch that ever again?
You get the word sports skin you've ever seen.
I don't know how to have the sports skin.
It's been working.
Well, there you have it.
So the whole team made funny me a recommendation,
but I want the fans, the Spit and Chicklets fans to decide.
Do you think Bo Burnham is funny?
He ain't Kevin Hart.
I don't like Kevin Hart, by the way.
I thought his old stuff was funnier.
I definitely thought his old stuff was funnier.
Okay, so his new special when he did the making fun of country music,
when he did the Kanye bit at the end.
Come on, man.
I just saw the one you sent me.
Okay, well, that's funny.
Anyway, you guys be the judge, and we're going to have Keith Yandel
and a couple of those hooligans who chirp me not to my face on video.
I'm going to have you guys on and torch you.
So, anyway, send it off to All Right Hamilton.
This week's All Right Hamilton is brought to you
by Burst.
All right, folks. You know us guys here
at Spittin' Chicklets. We're big vape guys.
We thought you should hear the message from our
friends over at Burst E-Liquid that they have
for you, our award-winning listeners.
You know, the athlete who
stopped going to league nights because they're gassed out
halfway before the game. The person
who's trying to get fit, but they can barely make it up the stairs
without losing their breath.
Or even the single guy who can't get a second date because he smells like an ashtray.
You might have a friend or a family member who stinks like Marlboro's or Winston's.
That's no good.
Or you might even have a relative with a smoking-related illness,
and they still can't put the cigarettes down.
We're talking to you out there, the smoker.
Today is the day to start making better choices, and our friends at Burst E-Liquid want to help. Burst wants to remind you
that the first choice towards a better life is the choice to stop use of traditional tobacco
products. And when you make that choice to quit, your first choice in E-Liquid should be, of course,
none other than Burst E-Liquids. Burst is a flavorful, handcrafted E-liquid line with 14 flavors developed with you in mind
because they want you to ditch those traditional tobacco products for good and start living a better life.
With flavors ranging from a vibrant guava dragon fruit to a traditional custard tobacco flavor,
they even have the most incredible menthol-flavored line we've ever tried.
And let's not forget my personal favorite, Straw Burst.
I'm a big strawberry guy.
It's truly outstanding. We literally cannot not forget my personal favorite, Strawburst. I'm a big strawberry guy.
It's truly outstanding. We literally cannot put it down and neither will you.
So make your first choice towards a better life with Burst e-liquids. Visit www.vapeburst.com to find your favorite flavor today. The promo code is CHICKLETS. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. So go to vapeburst.com to receive 25 off plus free shipping on your order.
And the promo code, again, is CHICKLETS.
All right, boys.
We're going to do it Sunday, but we pushed it today.
All right, Hamilton.
The topic I selected for this week was gambling.
We're going to kind of roll it into Ari's gambling corner as well.
So we'll get some good gambling talk.
And the first question is from at Eli Cash underscore Wildcat.
This one's for Wittenbiz.
To what extent, if any, are players aware of the odds on a particular game?
I know hockey doesn't get bet on a lot,
but is that something guys are even aware of in the room?
All right, Hamilton.
I think I brought this up on Barstool Radio one time.
And Portnoy was  he's like, you're the biggest liar.
He thought you were checking your own lines like for your own team?
Yeah, but I was gambling on football then.
But for some reason, I was so  I don't know.
I only bet on football and I was just like, oh, my God,
you could never bet on hockey.
I wouldn't even  I never even clicked on the lines.
I know it sounds insane, and even now I'm like,
how the fuck was I not checking out the lines?
But, Biz, you know what I'm saying?
It was just never even
No, that's a good thing.
I know what you're saying.
It wasn't even a thought in your mind where I
And nobody ever talked about it on the team.
It was like  but, no, I never did.
I never had a
That would be eerie if a guy said that.
He's like, oh, did you see our line tonight?
I'd be like
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes.
Could you imagine your coach coming in pregame talk like,
all right, boys, let's get in on the four check here.
But, you know, if we're down late, just fucking throw it in your own
No, no.
Hey, I'm on the bench.
What the fuck did you just say?
You just called the fucking line?
I'm on the bench.
Chicago's up 3-0 in Edmonton.
I'm like, oh, funny you say.
Chicago's team over was 3-1.
And everyone would be like.
You call a timeout.
Your coach is like, why'd you do that?
Well, we need to talk about the line, coach.
It's three and a half.
What are we doing here?
Where do you guys get your money?
I have us plus one and a half,
so we really can't give up this ball.
He's like, you made that stupid bet, Whitney.
Hey, so, hey, so, hey.
No, never.
The answer is I never thought about it or looked,
and I don't think anyone does.
Well, in the Hall interview, we talked about Boyle blocking that shot
when it was 6-0 and basically putting his face in front of it.
Maybe he's got money on the game.
Maybe he had the under.
Maybe he had the under.
He was trying to get a push, got a broken nose.
We've got some thinking here.
That interview might not come out for a while,
but you guys can correlate it.
Interesting question, but hockey gambling is only 2 of all the gambling
in Vegas.
It's just not as much popularity around as hockey hockey so no surprise it's not talked about a
lot in the room uh next question let's see this one is from at sav money 1.0 oh maybe a little
tribute to uh business old handle there and this is a good one yeah it's probably the first girl
i ever crushed oh i know we can't say that because she's going to fucking be listening.
Erase that.
No, you're safe money 1.0.
Whoops.
Was there ever a sporting event result?
Wait, was there ever a sporting event result that made you think the fix was in?
All right, Hamilton.
I'll go first because I have one that comes to mind immediately.
And it's funny.
The 2006, I believe, NBA Finals, Dallas versus Miami.
And I never saw the refs control a game and give a game so much.
The one player with Dwayne Wade.
I mean, he was at the peak of his powers then.
But the referee was so bad and so blatant,
it felt like they actually were on the take um to allow miami to win the
title it was really it was that's when they lost miami won the title that year oh when they played
dallas i played dallas they i don't know if they might have dallas might have beat him in a rematch
or something but 2006 and dallas played him again oh i didn't know that okay wow it was so bad and
so blatant the calls i mean we we know the NBA's star system anyways.
Oh, my God.
Cuban must have been going nuts.
12 years later, I can still remember it.
What about you, Witts?
Anything come to mind?
Nothing comes particularly to mind, but there isn't a chance in hell
that every year there isn't a college basketball game that's thrown.
There is no way.
And you see some of the shots missed at the end, and I just think that
some of these, maybe not top conference teams, maybe they are,
but there's kids on the hook that are missing
shots in college basketball. I would guarantee it.
And you know why? Because basketball far and
above is the easiest game as a referee to manipulate.
And as a player, dude.
Well, yeah.
Of course, I would think more referees know what's going on than players.
I'd say
Blue chips.
Hey, you guys ever seen blue chips?
Yeah, of course.
It's unbelievable.
But hear me out.
But hear me out.
Would you not agree that if you hooked everybody up to lie detector tests,
more referees know what's going on as far as the fixing than actual players?
Yeah, I think a ref is more likely to fix it than a player.
But college, I think college kids.
You think there's a lot of college players doing this?
I'm not saying a lot.
I'm saying at least once a year there's a kid that's throwing a game.
I talked to Nunzio.
You hear about the points he was shaving up in Boston?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Ari.
What was that?
What movie?
He said, I talked to Nunzio.
Do you hear about the points he was shaving up in Boston?
What's that from?
Come on, boys.
You don't know what that's from.
It's actually not one of the most popular lines.
Wait, do it again.
He's like, I just talked to Nunzio.
I have to hear that again?
I know, but I want to get this. I just talked to Nunzio. Did you
hear about the points we're shaving up in Boston?
So obviously he's getting
choked. Oh, Casino?
Nope. Close.
That would have been the easy guess. I would have guessed
that, you loser. Why?
I thought that they had the guys going from Boston
to Vegas or something. That's what hopped into my
head. You're close. I mean, what's the closest to casino uh godfather come on the good fellas
bingo bingo when they kill him when they kill mori's wig mori's wigs don't fall off when they
kill mori with the ice pick and the caddy that's the last thing he says right before
his wheels are off the tracks right now
we're going to reel it back in
I thought he never shut the fuck up
I am actually shocked that
you think that
at least a few players in NCAA
basketball. I'm saying a player a year
and I'm not saying throws the game, the team's winning
but he's making sure they don't cover
okay, alright player a year in NCAA basketball, that happens And I'm not saying throws the game. The team's winning, but he's making sure they don't cover. Okay.
All right.
I'll concede on that.
Player year in NCAA basketball, that happens.
I'm saying it.
Maybe people will be all over me.
We'll see the feedback.
Yeah, we'll see the feedback.
We'll get court of public opinion.
No, I never knew the fucking lines.
Short answer.
I'm going to go find some P.U. basketball and just be like, dude.
No, I never knew the lines.
Short answer.
That was two questions ago, but that's all right.
Third question.
Lay off. Don't question. Lay off.
Don't we.
Stay off.
Don't we.
Don't we.
There we do.
Next question is from at Maple Wicket.
This is an easy question.
I'm curious to hear Biz's answer first.
Blackjack etiquette.
Is this a thing?
Oh, my God.
Is blackjack etiquette a thing, Biz?
You just opened Pandora's box, lady, with that question.
All right, Hamilton.
I am in  blackjack's the only game I play.
I don't fuck with roulette, fuck off.
I don't fuck with casino war.
Every other game  I don't even do the back rat,
which is your best odds apparently.
Craps, man, a little bit.
Blackjack.
I look at everyone at the table when i sit
out i said how are we doing this if we're if we're doing if you're the type of person where like i i
usually want the the whole table involved if if i'm on if i'm on 16 which i never stay on 16 like
it might be a one and a if they're showing a five or six of course of course of course i meant if they're if they're beating me by the book oh yeah yeah i'll look at the table and say hey i'm considering
waving this everybody cool with that if everyone's cool with it if one guy question i say hey
no problem i'll hit it i'll take the card let's let's all this someone who's gonna sit there on
when they have 15 when the dealer's showing a 10, and try to guess every time,
it's like, fuck you.
Fucking take the card, you're losing.
And if they're going to do it and fuck up the whole deck,
no, I ain't sitting down with you.
So that's my answer.
I'm insane at the blackjack table.
I like to be the team leader.
No, I play by the book.
I'm the same as you.
I play by the book i'm the same as you i play by the book but i also i i would never tell someone that they can't play random some people do there's
those people are stupid it's hard enough to win and it's harder it's you're you have the best
chance if you go by the book that's math yes but but it's those people's money so do what you want
i just that's why i asked i just won't sit there i just because
it even if it even if it were to help me and it would go against what they say and that you have
to go by the book and even if i got hot like even when i was cold the next year gets cold i would
just be thinking and i'd be so rattled about you know the 10 that you got that that the dealer
needed and it would just ruin my night oh Oh, yeah. Especially if someone's got betting patterns, then you're
fucking with their betting patterns.
I have no problem
with people hitting on 12 all the time either.
Also,
what the table limit is too.
If you're at a 5 table, then don't expect
the most.
I mean, fuck.
I'm cheap, but I ain't that cheap.
I ain't there for the free drinks.
Let's go, baby.
White Russians at the casino.
Really?
Go to the casino and get a white Russian with New Amsterdam vodka.
Get out of my town, LeBron.
You motherfucker.
You'll have a night and a half.
The milk's probably five weeks old,
but it still tastes great when you're just chucking the chips around.
Make sure it's New Amsterdam vodka.
By the way, thank you very much to our friends at New Amsterdam vodka
who sent us the best swag bag ever this Saturday Oscars.
Tremendous thank you to our friends there.
And by the way, if you're drinking vodka, enjoy it responsibly
and make sure it's New Amsterdam.
But, R.A., short answer, short answer, I never knew the lines.
Too busy. Am I back? Am I back, baby? You the lines. Too busy.
Am I back? Am I back, baby?
You're back.
Now we're going to shift the gambling over to my gambling corner.
Cue the jazzy music.
Just a note, I did get dummied a little bit online.
I went 0-2, but people who were listening to those picks,
I said this assumes the starting goaltenders are going.
He didn't go in either game, so I adjusted my action accordingly.
Technically, that was your 0-0.
Your 0-0.
Yeah, I didn't want to, you know.
You said it.
You said it.
If they did not listen, you are correct.
You were 0-0.
You're 0-0.
It's like walking two times in a baseball game.
You know, you're still 0-0.
Yeah, no official after that.
No at-bats yet, kid, for you on the gambling circuit.
And, R.A., if anything, they should be thanking you because that didn't play out,
so they should have bet the other team.
So they should be fucking 2-0.
So technically, you're 2-0.
Also, before we even did the gambling corner,
I said the best bet in hockey was the Toronto Maple Leafs over.
I think it went 3-0 since I made that proclamation. So again, bet at your own disposal. Now here's
what I'm looking at. Columbus Blue Jackets got an eight spot hung on them Saturday in Tampa,
and they've had to stew about it all week. Particularly Bobrovsky gave up eight goals
on 31 shots. Yuck. They get Philadelphia in tomorrow night. I like Columbus. I think they're going to come out pissed off.
I like them on the money line and the puck line.
Odds aren't posted yet, so I
can't say if I like them a ton
or not. That's one pick.
Winnipeg, I think they're going to be pissed
off at blowing a 4-1 lead at home to
Edmonton the other night in ugly fashion.
Vancouver has had a nice start there.
A nice story. Currently, we're adding a three-game
winning streak, but, and this is the if, we're adding a three-game winning streak.
But, and this is the if, if Connor Hellyabuck gets the start,
I like Winnipeg on the puck line.
I think they're going to come out a much better team.
I think they'll play to their effort.
They should win on the puck line. And my final pick on the gambling corner this week,
Dallas finished up a rough roadie this week.
They had only one goal in their last two games.
I think the home cooking is going to wake them up a little bit. So Dallas Friday night, they're playing. I didn't even write their
opponent down because I like, actually, no, I'm sorry. They're playing Minnesota Friday night.
I like Dallas on the money line for a unit and on the puck line for half of a unit. Again,
that's Friday night. That way, if you make some money, if they win the game, if they don't cover
the puck line, you'll still make some money. And I go, all right, Hamilton, I saved myself.
And it's my buddy at Sam underscore Minton 22 said,
what's the weirdest bet you made or the lowest division of a sport you bet on?
And I'm going to answer the second part of that question.
The lowest division of a sport I bet on was high school hockey.
Back at the old Boston Garden, there was an old black custodian there, Buddy, his name was.
Great guy.
If you went up to him, what's the line of the game?
Like, I'm talking Bosco, CM, Whitney, and he'd give the line, pick him,
and you would hand him your cash bet, just like Vegas.
I remember giving him 28 for a 25 bet.
If it won, you'd get that back plus what you won.
So back at the old garden, yeah, buddy, the old black custodian there,
he would hook you up.
He'd take your action.
So, yeah, that was my lowest level.
Did you win the bet?
No, I lost that particular one for the 20th.
I'm going to ask him to beat him.
So degenerate gambler's bet on a high school hockey.
So you've been a shitty gambler ever since you were young.
Yeah.
So was that the point of the story?
I just thought it was interesting.
Oh, no, it was awesome.
I love it.
All right.
You are spot on with the team.
I love when a team gets pounded taking them next game.
Unless it's later on in the year and it's a bad team,
they can get pounded again.
But a good team.
And I actually got San Jose.
They lost to the Islanders a couple weeks ago.
And then the next night I hammered them and they pounded Philly.
I remember that.
So that's a great call by you.
And for the people coming after me, listen, Ottawa, they're 3-2-1, okay?
So they're doing way better than I thought.
But me betting against them the first 41, I've won three and I've lost three.
So let's not get so crazy like, you know, they're 5-1
and I'm getting dummy betting.
So I'm still in the hunt for making some money on the Senators' woes.
There haven't been many woes, but I'm still in the hunt.
So lay off me.
And Brady Kachuk, feel better.
That does suck, except for the now.
That might help my betting.
But still, that sucks.
I hope he gets better soon.
All right, boys.
Great show.
I think that just about does it.
R.A., you were unbelievable on R.A.'s gambling corner.
That's true.
We were born to do that.
Two great picks.
I'm going to take them both, R.A.
I'll take the first one.
If that loses, I probably won't take the second.
But thank you very much.
Thanks, boys.
Appreciate it.
It's nice to talk to you guys again.
Love you guys.
Sunday night.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
