Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Biz, how do we even start this thing?
I'll just do the, do like, do like the, hello, everybody.
Oh, fucking, alright.
Hello, everybody! Welcome to episode one, fucking, 19, fucking, of Spittin' Chicklets,
brought to you by our new MCM block up.
Spittin' Chicklets coming at you.
What's up, Biz?
Fuck, man.
I don't know.
Listen, I think it's fucking bullshit, but.
I was just, I was shocked.
I was shocked at how crushed he was.
And I know right away that you take a side
because you've always been that type of teammate.
I'd give you credit for that.
But still, I was shocked.
He was loaded.
Yeah, that's a little excessive.
I don't think...
A little bit.
But I don't think...
Whoa.
What the fuck is that?
What is that?
Hello,
everybody. Welcome to episode...
Holy fuck! All right, what's up, man?
Of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by
New Amsterdam Vodka. Holy shit, Breer Admiral.
Amsterdam vodka.
And hello, Mr. Dave Portnoy. Welcome to Spitting Chiclets.
Gentlemen, what's going on?
Ah, what's up, buddy? How are you?
I'm feeling pretty good. Feeling pretty good.
Yeah, I know you are. Actually, I thought you'd be hungover still.
Yeah, oh, God, I know. It's tough bouncing back at this stage of the game.
But, yeah, I never got called before the DOPS before,
so this is a new tack we're taking here.
Still not sure how things are going to play out,
but, you know, I'm under appeal right now, so I can play.
I can play under appeal.
Oh, that's the rules.
Yeah, that's, I mean, you know, we're kind of parroting the NHL here.
All right, fucking A, buddy.
Welcome on board.
Well, listen, you know I got your side, and this is why.
I think that first time in Fraction, charity event, that speaks for itself.
Everybody here has been to a charity golf tournament, even you.
Fuck you, Grinelli.
You came to one with me this summer.
And imagine, you had to do a podcast afterward.
You wouldn't have lasted two fucking minutes.
I think we did that night, but that's okay.
R.A. played through it.
He played guilty.
Not much stuttering and fucking up shit.
He did a couple times.
He interrupted you.
No more than usual.
Yeah, there you go.
And I don't know.
I just think it's way too excessive.
And you didn't even tell him how strong those Pink Whitneys were either.
Oof.
You know, they go down smooth.
I got to say, you know, producer Mikey Grinelli made me sound good
because I did listen the next day.
I was a little apprehensive because, you know,
I knew my mother was sitting there and I wasn't too.
It reminded me of our episode with Mott.
We got into one then, but that was when, you know,
we were a little,
we were a little small and people didn't realize we were, we are,
is it niche or niche? What's the word?
We were a niche.
Yeah.
I'll say this though. And,
and I'm going to take Erica and Dave's side on this one is, you know,
apparently, you know,
maybe new Amsterdam who says consistently or constantly, I should say, drink responsibly,
and then you come and you're a little inebriated.
Imagine the guy who has to scan for the ads.
Imagine the guy who scans and he's listening every day
and it's usually great, and then he's like,
what the fuck? This guy's crippled.
Our slogan, drink responsibly.
He's telling them how many pink drinks he had.
Drink responsibly.
So I think this is a fair middle ground.
Let's hear it.
Why don't you donate 250 of your hard-earned money?
250?
250.
Yeah, okay.
To the Boys and Girls Club.
And then everyone comes out a winner here.
Yeah, that sounds good to me.
Like I said, I'm a first offender.
Nobody was hurt.
Nobody got a concussion.
I wasn't driving.
I wasn't transporting myself around in that condition.
So I did exercise some good choices that day.
But, yeah, I think that would be fair. I would certainly accept the fine of 250 donated to the Boys and Girls Club
of Charlestown for those antics.
And, you know, I think in the course of a season, guys, you know,
you've had long seasons.
Guys are going to fuck up and slip up, and that's when your teammates are there
to pick you up, and I'm glad you guys are there to kind of help me through this.
And I'm going to go even further, and I just got my new Amsterdam package with the,
apparently the one that you had such a good time with RA and I'm going to
raffle it off through the spit and chiclets account to,
I don't know how you want to do that.
I'll let you figure it out,
but basically the proceeds to that.
So I won't get any of that stuff.
Whoever wants it,
which there's a Yeti cooler,
there's a bunch of shit and it's fucking awesome.
I'd say it's a 500 thing, but whatever. whatever even if it's another 250 and someone gets a deal on it
that 250 is going to go also to the boys and girls club on my behalf or no sorry on my client's
behalf ra excellent wow so that's the end of that i didn't know you went to law school biz
yeah i fucking i did overnight i was reading up all night on it just to come back with this,
and that's all I got.
What do you think about all this Grinnell?
How's the Wi-Fi tonight?
I thought the video of you pinning me for my Wi-Fi was insane,
absolutely asinine.
I bought the top-of-the-line Wi-Fi when I moved here to New York,
so you can't pin the Wi-Fi on me. Maybe the fucking rats in your apartment are chewing
the wires or something. I don't know. Yeah, that's a story for another day.
You know, I don't want to point the finger at Whitney here, but Whitney was the guy who
introduced the entire world to the Pink Whitney's. I mean, why do I get blamed for shit? By the way,
I'm at NHL Network right now, guys. So I have, you know, I'm a stat guy when I leave this place.
I got some great ones.
But I was getting ready for the show today,
and they were pre-taping an interview with Mike Kelly.
And all of a sudden he says, or I wasn't even really listening,
and I heard him say, yeah, I'm going to lay around tight,
watch some games with the Pink Whitney.
I was like, what the fuck?
They're talking about this on NHL Network.
So it's a great drink. Newman's Own.
Newman's Own. When are they going to call?
By the way, I'm giving... How many fucking...
Why do I keep giving them free ads? Why haven't you
said anything to me about that, Grinnelli?
I'm done. That's it.
Have we gotten crap? Maybe you'll get a call from the
Department of Podcast Safety for free ads.
Now we're going to have no one on the pod.
Just me and Grinnelli.
And that would be the ultimate corporate synergy
To get Paul Newman
Obviously star of the greatest hockey movie ever
Slapshot, player coach Reg Dunlop
To get his company as a sponsor
That would be fantastic
I don't know if it's going to happen
Either way, the Pink Whitneys are a fad man
I can't believe it seems like every night
Especially the weekends, everybody's piling down
On the new Amsterdam
You know what Pink Whitney's are?
The new Four Loko.
They're the new Four Loko.
Oh, my God.
I'd be on a different planet on those things.
What's that old booze that used to make people, like,
hallucinate and stuff?
Moonshine?
No, no.
It's like a
What was Moonshine?
Whiskey?
Absinthe.
Absinthe.
Absinthe?
Didn't it make people hallucinate?
Isn't that a club in Vegas?
It was basically like drinking booze and Ambien together
and everyone just fucking on it and stuff.
Isn't it illegal?
It's illegal in the United States, absinthe.
Yeah, and then they used to sell it at that resort in Jamaica
where everyone just goes and it's a big fuck fest.
Grinnelli, I ate an Ambien before I left last night, dude. I woke up.
I was like, what the hell? Like what time was that?
Hey guys, I just want to say that I,
I got to drink a couple of beers with Ryan Whitney last night.
And when he drinks his hands turn completely purple and,
and he threw a fit at the bar last night. Like was like,
was like telling us he's Ubering to the hospital right now because of his
purple hands.
It's insane.
Did you take a picture?
Cause you said you tend to do that.
I did take a picture.
Dude.
Okay.
Perfect.
Even right now.
Like,
I think I have circulation problems.
That's not good.
Well,
but,
but,
but,
but,
but they're never,
they're not like,
what is the word?
Tingy.
The good news though,
is the good news is all the people listening
you'll probably have about 20 people tweet you saying why you have purple hands yeah and if i
google why i have purple hands i'll be like dead in three days because all the shit the internet
convinces you that is wrong with you when you google something um will you talk i'm busy you
talking about hedonism a second ago that place in jamaica
yeah it's called a hedonism it's just a big 69 party overrated man i went there one of my
yeah he already went there what yeah one of my 75 spring breaks me and the boys went oh yeah we
heard it was this big fuck fest and orgies and all this stuff and like everybody else was not all right
yeah i mean no don't me, me and the boys.
I'm pretty sure somebody had fun.
We would not.
It was probably eight of us.
I think one of us actually got laid.
And I think I ended up making out with a girl from high pocket.
I might've touched her ass.
I went all the way to Jamaica.
Like,
not bad.
That's more than what Grinnell gets.
Big,
big disappointment,
Paul.
I don't know if it was an off week.
At least you got into the place.
Well, first off, one other note too i just want to thank all the many listeners out there who have
supported me through this uh dops ordeal the last couple days uh obviously not everyone's a fan of
mine i know i've been writing for bastu for 10 years i got called a pedophile that long ago i've
been called every name that's such a you got called that for what what oh it's the internet
what was on your laptop?
Absolutely nothing.
It's just Boston who commented this.
But I just want to thank everybody for the support out there.
There's a lot of free RA hashtags, and people give me props and saying,
hang in there and stuff like that.
So thanks to everybody for the support the last couple of days.
It's meant a lot.
You're your own cult following.
Yeah.
Imagine the weird shit. I'm going to puke thinking of the RA cult. Imagine the weird shit.
I'm going to puke thinking of the RA cult.
Imagine that cult.
He doesn't or whatever the fuck you call it.
Speaking of cults.
On Four Local.
You got to think Sid Crosby's cult got a little bit bigger
after Tuesday night when he put
Ryan Strom in a blend.
Oh my God.
I mean, was that one of the sickest goals you've ever seen or what?
Well, I'm going to defend Stromer.
He's been playing well.
I know he's got no points right now, but he's been a solid guy in that lineup.
I've been talking to some people on Twitter because I always like to keep up
because I work for an NHL team.
But, yeah, no, but Sid, oh, my God.
I'll let you start with Sid Witt.
Dude, first of all, before the game, I said he's scoring tonight,
so I called it.
Thank you very much.
I also couldn't believe how many people were chirping it.
What's wrong with Crosby?
Has he lost it?
Because he hadn't scored yet.
Oh, my God.
How stupid are you?
How stupid are you?
He's going to get eight in the next 12 games.
It's like I couldn't believe it but that
goal that's tough for strong man i've been there i've been that it's it's because it's crosby right
it could have happened to anyone but man that's that's when he gets his jersey retired at pittsburgh
someday that's a goal they show on the big screen so forever man strom's on there so he said that
put it this way that's when when crosby career are on, that one's going to be on all of them.
Would you agree?
What do they call that in NBA?
Postering?
Posterizing, yeah.
Posterizing.
Some posterize Strom.
I mean, that's true.
It was three on three.
Nurse kind of should have helped out a little bit more,
but it's just so filthy.
He cuts on a dime, and then there's zero chance.
You know, Biz, when he gets a puck, when he gets like a half step on you, and you know he's just so filthy he cuts on a dime and then there's zero chance you know biz when he
gets a puck when he gets like a half step on you and you know he's just gonna stick his ass and
then just get ready for you're done like and you know you're dead you're like no it's the most
helpless feeling as you're flailing to try to get him so i feel bad for stromer because he's a
forward right so yeah exactly as soon as he lost his gap and then he became flat-footed sid went
to the corner gained that little
little space he can with like a half a stride i don't know how the fuck he does it and then it's
just like oh god he's gonna expose the triangle and you see it coming because because you see the
separation and man and then and then the finish to have the patience to continue cutting around
the crease in order to get it and he elevated that pretty quick on his backhand, too.
He didn't have much room to work with.
He did that tight turn back, and Strom turned his back on him.
He circled the other way, you know.
And then that was exactly what you said.
He got that little separation, and then Strom's going at him,
trying to pivot.
It's like you just know you're dead.
When a guy gets, like I said in the note,
it reminded me of like when Moe and the Three Stooges like double dunks Curly like two in a i said in the note it reminded me of like when mo and the
three stooges like double dunks curly like two in a row that's what it reminded me of now in the room
after this does a guy hear it from the teammates like you know if a guy gets posterized like that
like we just said the teammates just kind of shrug it at him i look at him like man what are you
gonna do with sid or something they bust his balls about the funniest thing about him starting that
about those three stooges was was that he wrote it down.
R.A. sent us the show notes.
I was like, what's he talking about?
Those are my notes in my head.
Yeah, you guys got... The 1950s.
I think that everybody gives you the old shin pad tap. He wrote that note
with a
feather.
It's my quill.
He had the curls, the blonde curls by his ears
while he's writing the Declaration of Independence.
Hey, I told you this.
I told the story on here after Yager just smoked.
Yeah, we showed the clip.
Remember, Yager smoked me in overtime at Edmonton,
and then you asked, do the boys let you know?
I asked, who are coffee on?
I was like, was it bad?
He goes, oh, yeah, it was bad.
Like, so guys might not just
I think guys would maybe chirp you later on or something,
but, I mean, what are you going to say to the guy right after the game, right?
You're just like
I'll never forget Hork.
I'm like, Grinnell, get this on video.
Hork, Hork.
How did it look?
Was it bad?
It was real bad.
Real bad, dude.
I was like, fuck. God, dude. I was like, fuck.
God, dude.
But, I mean, I don't know.
Biz, you ever chirp anyone right after they get smoked?
Scuderi would have, I bet.
I ripped a couple guys in junior for just, like,
but they were always a mess defensively and just running around,
and you're just like, are you fucking kidding?
Like, again?
Like, where I was just, like, frustrated about the fact
that in Saginaw we were getting speed bagged every night.
But I was, like, minus 20-something
in the first half of the season.
So, yeah.
So, like, at some points I've gotten upset about it.
But, yeah, no, if a guy like that, no,
you go in the locker room after you tap on the shit pad,
you're like, hey, man, just happy it wasn't me.
Another aspect. that game, too, is, you know, Crosby versus McDavid.
And it kind of reminded me, I know your favorite subject, which is NBA,
but it kind of reminded me when we used to have Magic versus Bird
or even Magic versus Michael Jordan because, you know,
when we got Magic versus Michael, Magic was a few years older
and Michael was the kind of the young up and come out, you know, but I think we get a little of that, too, with, you know, when we got Magic versus Michael, Magic was a few years older and Michael was the kind of young up and come,
you know, but I think we get a little of that too with, you know,
obviously McDavid hasn't won it yet.
Crosby's the king of the mountain,
but everybody calls McDavid the best in the game.
So we had a little bit of that element.
I thought that was enjoyment.
You know, it's basically going run and gun.
Crosby, I mean, McDavid scored early in the game.
Crosby gets the OT winner.
A lot of fun.
Not like it's a basketball game, but just having two stars, you know,
separated by a few years.
It's another element to the game I thought was nice to enjoy.
And one other thing we haven't touched on, I've said this in the past,
every year now I find that Sid, his compete level is obviously above
regular NHL standard, but he doesn't ramp it up right away.
He ain't fucking...
He doesn't care about the rock at Richard.
He doesn't really care about those individual awards now.
I feel like all he cares about is the cup.
You saw the one...
This was my cup.
Remember...
The New Amsterdam Yeti Cup.
That's the only one we're lifting.
That's what he's about.
But remember that...
I think it was the first cup they won before
of the back-to-back uh before uh what was it before all-star break he was brutal i was like
man what what the fuck i'm like is he like i wasn't watching a lot of games and i'm like man
this guy's got like like 35 points here he's played like like 45 games he had like maybe 10 goals
and then after all-star break he just
ramped it up and that was the year they won their first of the back-to-back and i said you know what
maybe this guy doesn't give a fuck at the beginning of the season where he knows what what where his
body should be and what he should be doing and exerting exerting at what times of the season
yeah he knows why i mean it's about That would have to be the only explanation.
Yeah, I mean, I don't think he's going into games, like, not focused.
I think he just probably knows that it's a way to just get ready in time.
Yeah, it's interesting, though, to think.
Like, it takes you a little while to figure that out.
Like, no matter what, your second, third year, you just don't know that.
Also, if you're not guaranteed, I mean, he knows the Penguins
are going to be in the playoffs.
They should be in the playoffs. Yeah, that's true. know that. Also, if you're not guaranteed, I mean, he knows the Penguins are going to be in the playoffs. They should be in the playoffs.
Yeah, that's true.
Very true.
Oh, we haven't mentioned.
We got Sean Avery joining the podcast.
Oh, whoa, whoa.
So, people are going to come through the door again.
It was a great interview.
I mean, I wonder, people, I think, are going to be fired up for him.
I think they're going to be fired up for him. I think they're going to be fired up for him.
Love him or hate him.
Uh,
you get some great stories for us.
I'll say this.
I've,
I've liked Sean Avery since I met him.
I think deep down,
he is a good person.
I am not down with what he said in the media.
I,
we don't even know,
need to go there when he ended up getting suspended for a while.
Like,
I think that's rubbish.
I'll tell him right to his face.
It's fucking rubbish. Uh, like leave right to his face it's fucking rubbish.
Leave it.
Keep it on the ice.
Like I said, he's got a lot
of cool things going on. I think people
definitely liked the interview.
I was happy that him
and R.A. were able to patch up whatever they
had going there. It was nice.
We're going to get to that. Let's not give it away.
It was nice that you guys patched it up. Now you're BFFs.
Can I tell you my stat?
Crazy stat.
So last night in the Pittsburgh
Edmonton game,
there were five guys who had
two goals. So we were
wondering, when was the
last time there was a game where five different
players had two or more goals, right?
When would you guess?
1954.
Wow.
I would say sometime in the early to mid-90s, maybe.
R.A., I figured you'd get that right.
I thought what Grinelli thought.
R.A. banged it out.
It was the 1990.
God damn it, Whit.
Five or six. Five or six.
Pittsburgh Penguins versus the San Jose Sharks.
Ten to eight final. Mario Lemieux had to.
Tomas Sandstrom had to. Peter Nedved, who married Czech.
Czech Rocket. He's a handsome guy. He had to.
Owen Nolan, who pointed at Dominic Hasik in the all-star game and then snipe bar
down on him he had two and you know who else had two Ray Shepard you remember that guy he's a hell
of a golfer now he pounds the ball he's just an absolute stick a plus handicap he had two that
night so it went back 22 years it was 1996 that's what it was I remember it was 22 years good job
all right crazy stat though huh wow that is. Where'd you guys hear that one?
I work at NHL Network.
Sometimes I go over stats and get on television and talk about it.
Oh, shit. You work at NHL Network?
No shit.
Oh, so wait, whoa, whoa, whoa. You work for NHL Network.
I work for an NHL team.
Hey, we got some credibility around here.
Yeah, I'd say this podcast has a little bit of credibility.
We got to just make sure we keep the jobs now.
How about when Owen Nolan dissed the queen of England?
Do you remember when that happened?
Oh yeah.
When,
uh,
yeah.
What is that story?
It was,
uh,
San Jose was playing.
I pretty sure.
Yeah.
It was Vancouver and the queen was in town to see that.
Well,
she wasn't in town to see the hockey game.
She was in town and went by the hockey game.
Of course,
the queen is sort of Canada is like de facto leader.
I mean,
you guys are sort of like a British empire type thing,
right?
A lot of rinks have pictures of the queen.
Yeah, of course.
Exactly.
So she was there.
I think she was actually dropping the first puck.
And Owen Nolan, being of Irish ancestry, not a big fan of the crown,
he refused to go out to take the face off because, you know,
not all the Irish, but a lot of the Irish aren't particularly fans
of the British crown, so he wouldn't take the face off,
so somebody else did.
Time out.
Yeah. Did he mention that in the media,. So somebody else did time out. Yeah.
Did he, did he mention that in the media or did he just not go for the
face off?
Cause I've seen big difference.
Captains not go out.
So like, is that like a known thing?
It was known at the time.
I mean, it was quite a while ago.
I want to say it was over 20 years ago.
So I'm not sure.
I don't remember exactly what he said to the press or if he,
if he come out and said, I'm not going because of of her or if it was just understood that you know i mean it
makes sense either way but i obviously it would just be ironic that a you know irish guy and was
the captain didn't go for the face off happens once in a while where an assistant does but uh
yeah wow our race starting rumors no no no that's. That's a legit. That's a stat.
Back of his card.
One queen diss for Owen Nolan.
It's it.
I believe I was just busting your balls.
What else?
Where were we?
Oh, we're going off the wheels.
Carey Price.
All right. You want to fill in the listeners on what Carey Price accomplished?
Yeah.
Tuesday night, man.
I was going to say Tuesday night was just a random Tuesday in October,
but there was so much good shit that happened, man.
That's why this league is so good.
Carey Price tied Patrick Waugh for the most wins by a goalie in Montreal history.
Jacques Pont is still number one.
He's got a ways to go before he catches him.
But, yeah, man, Carey Price, he keeps climbing that ladder.
He might catch Plante if he doesn't leave Montreal,
but hell of an accomplishment.
Oh, he's 20 games away from catching him.
Is he? That's it from Plante?
20, 24 games or something like that.
He's going to get him this year, I bet,
especially with the way they're playing.
Jesus, stay away with that call.
Paddy Waugh, you know, he obviously probably would have blew by Plante
if he hadn't flipped on Mario Tremblay and got traded that night.
But, yeah, he tied a big record with a historic franchise.
I think that's always a big deal.
Did you happen to see  Schuch and Giesel,
did you see John Gibson save on Patty Kane last night?
That was incredible.
Anaheim's giving up close to 40 shots a game.
Guys, we played them.
We played them twice.
Jack Gibson's not even close.
No one is close to him in terms of MVP through three weeks.
He's literally standing on his head every night.
Did you guys mention the NHL record he set by most shots within the,
what do you call it, the house area?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I didn't see that.
I think there was like 30-something shots in like prime scoring areas.
So we've played him twice this year.
He shut us out, and then i think we scored one goal
on the other game he was fucking ridiculous i was like somebody should just run him because he's
just gonna fucking win it's not serious for you left wing nuts okay not actually saying to run
him it was i was being hypothetical uh but no, he's ridiculous.
And so they've adapted a new system.
I know they do have some injuries, but man, Carlisle notoriously gets outshot as a head coach.
I feel like he's the guy who was blessed with decent teams where he just kind
of like keeps getting jobs.
People were shocked when
he got rehired there i was shocked i think i sent a tweet out i wonder if i go search i was like
are you kidding me that's who you go back to uh this is what i heard through the grapevine about
that situation was the the general manager there is it murray what's uh bob murray bob murray uh
he i think he the play he thought the players were getting a little
too comfortable especially the ones in long-term deals and new carlisle was kind of like the like
the sutter was going to come in and he's a fucking bossy guy you like you know he rubs people the
wrong way but he gets in their faces and keeps them accountable and and they thought they needed
that that back in the room as the coach and that's why
they brought him back as kind of like a hey he's fucking back and you're gonna play structured
hockey and gonna be cheating and just fucking going to the beach all day and drinking pina coladas so
whatever that's that's just the kind of the the rumor i've heard so that's what i got
there were two other things from tuesday night um want to mention, of course, I'm the
Bruins' honk. That move, that move Marshawn made on Dylan DeMello. Talk about poster and another,
well, DeMello's a defenseman. Absolutely incredible move. And then Duchesne even bit on it,
slid it over, passed the knock for the goal. Unreal assist. Check it out if you haven't. But
of course, it's the NHL, so there was a little bit of ugliness on the night. Mark Borwiecki
threw that ugly elbow into Bruins rookie defenseman
Erhol Vakanainen.
I don't know if you caught it.
He already had his hearing today.
He got a one-game suspension.
Borwiecki did.
I thought, I mean, if they gave two games to Matheson
for a thing we've discussed ad nauseum on this show,
I don't know how you only give one game to a guy with a deliberate elbow to
a guy's face where the only
point of contact is his head. Do you
think he should have got more than a game, Biz?
My answer to that is that's
why I feel like social media has
such a big voice as far as suspensions
are concerned because that one wasn't
really that talked about where the one
from Vancouver and they keep saying
he was injured.
I don't give a fuck,
dude,
that,
that is way worse than what happened to Matheson.
And if we're trying to teach lessons here, and I don't even like talking about these hits anymore,
just the suspension talk every other episode,
because like,
Oh,
was this 30?
Was that not?
I don't care about that,
but I'm just saying is social media has a strong voice.
And that is the fucking proof right there.
I thought it was way worse than Matheson.
I said it on TV too.
I mean, you literally see the guy come,
and you just drill him in the nose with the elbow.
Give a guy a fucking potato nose like Biz doing that.
Bullshit.
But I will say that Marchand move was so filthy.
I don't know.
He brings it in tight, and he can have it in his feet
and control it perfectly.
It's incredible.
And he's also so, like, small.
He almost slides.
He slides around, guys.
Nobody can hit him.
But the most impressive thing he did wasn't even that move.
It was earlier in the game.
Matt Krasicka ran over by Zach Smith, who's a tough bastard.
Remember, they put him on waivers.
I'm glad they never sent him down, but he's a big dude.
You can chuck him.
And Marshawn went over to him and fucking fought him.
I mean, he knew right away I'm way above out of my weight class here
in terms of Zach Smith and myself.
But he got in there, dropped the mitts, stuck up for a younger defenseman.
I mean, that's after pounding the shit out of Lars Eller, too,
after the first game of the year.
He was shit-talking them when they were beating them 7-0
or whatever it was, and they were getting worked over in D.C.
So Marshawn's just a hell of a teammate.
I mean, you got to look at it.
He's not just skill, and I know people around the league hate him.
You can hate him because he is a dirty player,
but I think guys in the Bruins love him and fighting Zach Smith for throwing a hit on a younger, younger D man is pretty impressive. All right. Well, that's kind of the coming and
goings around the league, around the national hockey league. We are now going to send over
to our interview with Sean Avery, one of the most loved and hated players in NHL history. This interview was brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simpler way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets for every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift, or searching for a last-minute deal
to see your favorite NHL team, SeatGeek helps you find the best seats
at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for great value.
I've had the SeatGeek app on my phone for a while.
I've seen tons of things with it.
Mean Girls Play, tons of Bruins games, Sox games,
and it is by far the easiest way I've found to shop for tickets.
I can be anywhere.
A couple of taps, and I instantly find the seats I need.
Just used SeatGeek the other day.
Like I said, I got some Bruins tickets for my nephew.
He was all fired up.
And it is designed to make your ticket buying experience easier than ever.
Saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices, find amazing deals.
It gets you the most bang for your buck because it grades every ticket based on value.
So you know if you want to spend too much money, not a problem, not a big deal as they say. And every purchase is fully
guaranteed. So you can shop for tickets on SeatGeek with complete full confidence. So make SeatGeek
your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket from sports and concerts to comedy
and theater. Best of all, our listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase. Just download
the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today. The promo code again is Hockey for 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase. Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
The promo code again is Hockey for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
I want to welcome to the podcast, I guess you could call him a friend of mine.
Met at Bonnaroo when I tripped on mushrooms.
Great guy. I'm a big fan. Probably doesn't have a lot of fans across the hockey world. Played 580 NHL games. I would say one
of the more entertaining NHL players of all time. Probably has the biggest rat label.
Sean Avery, welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Wow. Wow.
Long overdue.
Oh, you've been waiting for the invite, Aves.
This is wit.
Thank you, buddy.
No, I've actually turned you guys down three times.
Fuck you.
And let's just start.
Let's just start.
Is this RA gentleman on the phone?
I'm right here, Sean.
Rare out.
Thanks for coming on, brother.
Appreciate it.
So let's get it out of the way here.
Just tell me what you don't like about me.
I just want to start there because I don't like any awkwardness.
I like to lay my cards right on the table.
Just be as honest as you possibly can be.
Why?
Where does this claim that I don't like you from? Like, did I say  I'm not playing dumb here.
Did I say something where I said I didn't like you?
Yeah.
I mean, I think I've listened.
Anytime that I guess my name's mentioned on Spitting Chicklets,
I get a text from
A notification.
Yeah, I get a notification pops up on my phone.
And you've made a comment a couple of times.
I think maybe when Brian Boyle or Colt Knorr was on the podcast,
you made some sort of mention like, oh, R.A. is not a big fan.
In referencing me.
So apparently I messed up.
And he said, oh, he goes, I know I have problems with him.
Obviously, he didn't like you on the ice, which, I mean,
that's probably your ultimate goal is if someone's hating you,
you're down with it.
But I'm going to let R.A. speak for it.
I assume that that was the case.
Yeah, I'm sure when your name's been mentioned on the
podcast show and i probably have made comments in reference to kind of what your introduction
the introduction biz made you know reference to your stuff you did on ice some of the shit you
did i don't think i ever attacked you as a person or your character i always kind of keep that
separate i've you know other podcasts i've mentioned like you know if we call a guy a rat
or a scumbag in reference to his play on the ice i mean we you know know, we called Tom Wilson a scumbag, and then we had him on,
and we're making jokes from him a couple months later.
So, I mean, if I did say shit about you, it was, you know, probably in reference to maybe the shit,
you know, the Mardi Gras stuff, just your irascible presence on the ice over the years.
So, you know, if you took offense to it, I apologize,
but I certainly don't believe I ever made any personal attacks or anything like that.
No, not like that.
You don't have to apologize, Biz.
I'd like you to apologize to us.
I will apologize to both of you.
I must have been misinformed.
But, Sean, I will say this.
Now, your goal on the ice was to make people hate your guts.
And I feel that when you were good at that, that made you happy.
I mean,
I think that you're a guy where you thrive off the hate like that.
And I'm going to be honest with you.
I'm not to the level where you are,
but I fucking love it.
Like I'm begging for people to come after me on Twitter.
I,
um,
wow.
I feel so,
it's so interesting because
I needed it.
I loved every second of it.
I never took a day off.
No,
I never took a practice off.
I was up your ass and in your face 24 seven.
And it's an interesting thing.
I heard Brian
Boyle say that
I sort of had this
double character of me
where I would ride him at the
rink and then he'd be in the car
ride home and I'd go out of my
way to help him do something.
That's just
me as a person.
If I'm not on
you, you know I can't fucking stand you.
If I pay no mind and no attention to you,
it's pretty clear that I have no interest in you whatsoever.
And that's how I always was.
But when I played, I don't know if it was this thing
where I had some sort of attention deficit disorder or I loved the spotlight on me.
It was more of an internal thing that that's what got me going.
I always played my best games after I had a meeting with Glenn Sather and Flats read me the Riot Rack.
either and flats read me the riot rack and i knew that i had to go out the next night and have a fucking big one because it was going to catch up with me at some point that was what motivated me
it's a stupid thing because if i was just motivated by playing hard and having great games
it would have been a much easier time but for some reason i was
motivated by always taking it as far as i possibly fucking could with every situation didn't matter
whether i was ordering food or starting a brawl in warm-ups or sean whatever i mean and to go into
that like did it get to a point where you're like,
fuck, I've, I've set the bar continually higher and higher and higher. Now you're just fucking
exhausted of having to, to keep outdoing yourself constantly. Cause he said you, every time it was
like a different level and it's like, holy shit. I mean, we, I mean, we all know what level you
ended up taking it to. That was pretty coloss pretty colossal but like did you ever just say
fuck man like i wish i wouldn't have gotten it to this point uh no it's funny even when the stuff
happened in dallas like it's a you can monday morning quarterback and say like i knew that
that was gonna work out but i just i even when I got off the phone after I remember
getting back to the hotel my phone rang in the hotel room which never really happens you're how
often does the phone ring in your room on the road especially the cell phones so the phone rings and
it's Brett Hall and uh probably like just pack your bags and go back to new york like we kind of had a we had a
laugh about it like we know where this is going and on the car ride to the airport that day
i just knew that i was going to end up back in new york like i knew that i was going to get
slaughtered and i was going back to new york and. I was just going to weather the storm. It never got to the point where I was afraid.
Really?
I was going to lose.
There was no instant regret where you're like, oh, shit,
I might have damaged it.
I might be completely done now because of this?
Or were you just like, oh, whatever, we'll deal with it as it comes?
No, because I was too good of a fucking player.
I was just too good of a player in what I did.
I knew that I could always play my way out of it.
I always had that fail safe where I could always play my way out of it.
But don't you think, like, being in New York, it's like you were, I mean, kind of made for there.
I'm assuming there had to be part of you that wanted to end up, you know, going back there.
Assuming there had to be part of you that wanted to end up going back there.
And then along with that, I just got to hear about you and Torts because the tweets that when he was fired or you said they should finally fire this clown.
I feel like there was times he loved you as a player.
So was that all hate by you or was there times you guys actually got along well?
It's funny.
I was thinking about it the other day because i was
starting to formulate in my head that i was coming on i was going to talk to you guys
i think that with the nhl and with the people in hockey what happened with me was
everyone around me on every team that i played for, they were terrified of me getting too much control
because I would just take and take and take,
and I would push the boundaries so far that if I had it my way,
I would change every fucking rule that has ever existed off the ice,
on the ice, and in between.
From what you dress and ate to how you acted to how you did interviews.
Yeah, that's a big shake on the hockey culture, which is pretty conservative.
Absolutely.
And I think, especially with Tortorella,
he never wanted me to have control over his team.
And any time that he could pull back on it, he would do that.
And, you know, that's not a great way to coach a team, I don't think.
Now, there's also the argument that he was trying to control me as a person,
but it was always any team, Dean Lombardi, the same thing.
But it was always any team, Dean Lombardi, the same thing.
Anywhere that I was, guys were very afraid of me getting too much power.
Because, like, listen, in New York, I could go out on the ice,
and in two seconds, I could have the arena chanting my name.
Not like a half chant.
Like, I remember when I was in Hartford, they were fucking chanting. I i almost blew the stadium off they were chanting my name in new york trying to get me back to new york so that's very scary for
certain people especially some people may say that's narcissistic but at least you're honest
that you're saying it you loved it you fucking loved that the attention was on you and and hey that's that's how your brain works and that's and now you're communicating that uh
did did it get to a point though because obviously you'd grown to somewhat of a celebrity off the
ice because you're dating famous people and i'm sure anywhere you went in new york you had access
to to the top end people so probably a lot of guys on that team started gravitating towards you. Is that when shit started getting bad?
I think that that's an interesting point that coaches or management were
afraid of the trickle down effect.
Like what was going to happen?
I mean,
I remember,
I think I,
I took Henrik Zetterberg to Michigan State in his first training camp.
And we went to state and like the last image that I remember before,
I can't remember anything, was like Zetterberg with his shirt off
under an ice luge at a fraternity doing vodka luge shots.
And like we somehow ended up in a cab home back to Detroit to practice and
we had more money in our pockets than when we left and the next training camp he told me that
Ken Holland said you need to stay away from Avery like I don't want you anywhere near him on a
friendship level you guys don't go to the movies. You don't go for fucking brunch.
You don't breathe the same air as him.
And so there's definitely that whole mentality of,
of management thinking like that.
I was a terrible influence on guys,
which I would say for the most part,
I was because I don't think a lot of guys can handle the idea of like
burning the candle at both ends
and really being a pro.
And the only reason that I understood how to do it was because at 22 years old,
I learned from the greatest ever, two of the best ever,
Brett Hall and Chris Chelios, and how to do that.
Because nobody could do it better than those two guys.
No one.
And it just got built inside of me.
I just understood that if you went out and you went hard,
you just had to go harder the next day, and I just thrived off of that.
And I did it for 12 years, and I never stopped
because I didn't get married, and I didn't have a kid,
and I didn't have a lot of distractions.
So I just kept going and going and going.
Sean, you were never drafted, correct? a kid and I didn't have a lot of distractions. So I just kept going and going and going.
Sean, you were never drafted, correct?
No.
Like where did you first come up on the hockey radar?
Like, I mean, I know you play junior, but where did you start kind of start making your reputation on ice?
Yeah.
So, I mean, I was a fucking awesome junior player.
I mean, I think my last year of junior,
I think I was top
two or three in scoring in the OHL
and I didn't get a world junior in break.
How come?
Because they didn't want
them breathing the same air as them.
Yeah, no, absolutely.
Absolutely. I played for a guy
by the name of Larry Mavity, who was
my coach in Kingston, who absolutely let his players run wild. I had a terrible reputation. I was fucking out of control on junior. I was not world junior material by any means.
But you were light.
I was going hard.
Did they win the gold that year?
You know what?
That's a good question.
Because at the end, I bet you were fucking happy about it.
I'm sure.
I'm sure.
But before that, I didn't get drafted the year before,
and I went to Detroit's training camp as a free agent.
And it's a legendary rookie camp. Like like i literally turned the rookie camp fucking upside
down i mean it was like i think they almost canceled the rookie camp because of traverse
city you the traverse city one okay so you're playing against other teams then you're playing
against three other teams okay four four teams i think uh nashville yeah there were a couple of chicago um
like i remember jumping in chicago's bench after laroc's brother i don't know it was like out of
control i just went to that camp and said i don't give a fuck who anyone is i don't care if you're
a first rounder a ninth rounder i had a guy on my line, Mike Scroy.
Dude, I played with him, Aves.
Okay. When I
got my bags at the airport in Traverse
City, there was a guy dressed
as like, literally, he looked like the scariest
bouncer I've ever seen.
I said, that's my fucking guy.
I remember Ryan Barnes was beside
me, who's also a real tough guy.
I said, Barnes, you're going to play on my right wing,
and Mike Scrooge is going to be my left winger,
and we're going to turn this fucking place upside down.
And we literally did that.
And so they said, all right, you're going to come to main camp.
I did the exact same thing in main camp.
I ran Larry on off the first inter-squad game.
I almost threw him through the fucking boards
i two-handed mccarty in the back of the knees not my stick in half i just fucking went after
everyone and then i stayed out all night with kelly for 10 days he had never guys were like
it was sort of a legendary thing like that we laughed about years later where
the bar would be closing down in traverse city and i was there like i don't even know if i actually
well i definitely wasn't old enough to drink i turned that fucking place upside down i left with
a contract i got signed for three you know an entry-level deal. I wasn't even drafted. It was my first camp.
I went back to Kingston.
I had 14,000 junior salary for that year,
which was like winning the lottery.
And I just went back to Kingston, and I ripped it up that year.
I played great.
I had a great year.
And that was kind of my last two years of junior.
And then when I came out of junior, I went to Detroit's camp.
Did the exact same thing I remember my first camp.
Wasn't ready to play.
Went down.
Had a great year playing for Mike Babcock.
He really kind of taught me the ropes and taught me how to be a pro,
which is crazy because he hadn't even been near professional hockey.
It was also his first year.
And I led the American League in penalty minutes.
I think I had, I don't know, check this.
I think I had 380 minutes or something.
304 your first AHL season.
Did you like playing for Babcock, Avery?
I know not everybody was a fan of his.
Yeah, I loved it.
I loved it.
I mean, he's a fucking lunatic.
I remember getting called into his office one morning,
and he sits me down across from me.
He's like, where were you last night?
I started thinking to myself, Jesus Christ, where was I?
I mean, I was asleep.
I started second guessing myself.
Like, were you asleep?
Yeah, I was fucking asleep.
I was, I absolutely was asleep.
I started thinking of John Wickstrom, my six foot six roommate.
Where was Vic?
No, he was beside me.
I remember I was asleep.
I looked at him.
I was asleep.
He goes, no, you weren't.
I said, I don't know, man.
Okay.
He goes, you flashed my tires?
No.
I have never had a coach like, I was like, no, I didn't flash your fucking tires.
He goes, I know what you did.
And tells me to get up and leave.
That's it. Were you pleading your case or did you just get up and walk out i i had no idea whether i did it or i
didn't do it at that point i didn't know what happened yes and that was how he just played insane mind games with you he pushed as hard as he possibly could i mean i had
340 minutes in my first year as a rookie i was five foot eight 182 pounds the ahl in that year
there was a that was a fucking tough league let me tell you oh yeah that was a fucking tough league. Let me tell you. Oh, yeah. That was like slap shot shit.
The iron league.
Right.
There was some seriously tough guys back then.
It was pre-lockout.
Because I think in 04 or whatever it was,
or whatever year after lockout,
that's kind of when shit got cleaned up.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
But wasn't there, was there an 03 lockout?
Am I right here? Lockout was 04 or 05. Or. Yeah. But wasn't there, was there an 03 lockout? Is that, am I right here?
No, the lockout was 04-05.
Or 04-05.
But so this was pre-lockout, so it's fucking prison rules out there.
Guys are still using wood sticks.
Absolutely.
You know who was my assistant coach?
Kevin Kaminsky.
Killer.
He was a scrapper.
Jesus Christ.
Fuck, I want to get more into the detroit talk because when you when you first got there like those teams had legends on them it's you know i know
you have some you get a cup ring there yeah i was 22 i played 42 games i. My first year.
Arguably, I would say the greatest NHL team ever
in the history of the NHL.
If you just look at that lineup.
As far as overall, like on and off
the ice?
Oh, yeah.
You got Shelly, Datsou, Draper, Holmstrom,
fuck, Maltby.
I mean, shit.
Luke Obitille was there
Go through the list
Say all the names
Go ahead, boys
Shanahan, Federoff, Hull, Lidstrom
Robitaille, Eisenman, Larionov
Chelios, Datsun
Eight Hall of Famers? Nine Hall of Famers?
Drapo, Holmstrom
Maltby, Dandano duchesne was on that squad
frederick olison down mccarty yeri fisher sean avery brent domina domina cashek yeah uh manny
legacy was the backup ui crew yeri slag i mean yeah that that's a that's a pretty fucking stack
squad did you say steve eiserman uh wasman? Yeah, right after Robitaille.
Robitaille, Eisenman, the professor,
Igor Larionov.
What was Eisenman like?
He's the greatest.
He's the
coolest.
You want to know
Stevie Y, the best
Stevie Y story in the history.
We were in the Forge the history. We were in the forge in Miami.
We were standing at the bar waiting for our table.
And the hottest girl I'd ever seen at that point, I was 22.
I hadn't lived in America that long.
She was the hottest girl I'd ever seen.
She walked up to him and sort of whispered something in his ear.
And I could hear him because I always tried to stay as close to him as I could
without it making him feel weird.
And he said, very classy, had his Prada suit on with a Prada stretch dress shirt
that he always wore, just impeccable.
Prada suit on with a Prada stretch dress shirt that he always wore just impeccable said to her I appreciate the offer but you're not worth 42 million which I was like what does he mean 42
million I guess 42 million was worth was half of what he was worth at that point I didn't understand divorce and how that stuff worked the guy was just everything everything he did was so above level he was the most sarcastic
dry like cutthroat motherfucker if he didn't like you you were dead
you literally had like hours on earth so did you get that from him
You literally had like hours on earth.
So did you get that from him?
No.
Stevie, I mean  Well, because you said that you were like that to other guys.
If you don't like them, you don't have any time for them.
So is that kind of how he was as well?
You know, it's interesting.
Subliminally, him, Brett Hall, very similar.
I can't say that that's where I got it from, but I certainly,
that's a very interesting point, but Steve Iserman, man,
he was so good. I mean, and by the way, that playoffs that year,
he was playing on one knee, like literally that's not a joke.
He was on one knee. He,
that was one of the greatest playoff runs I've ever seen from one single
player. He took that team on his back. He won that cup. They would have never sniffed the second
round without Steve Weissman. He was so fucking good. I have goosebumps right now at how good a
player he was. Yeah. Point three game. He was my favorite player. That was one of my most memorable
Christmas gifts. Steve Weiss of my most memorable Christmas gifts,
Steve Eisenman's Red Wings jersey.
At that time, it was away when they wore whites at home.
But I have to ask you about a question. I got to ask you about a question about something that I've heard.
I have no idea if it's true, but something about your rookie year in Detroit.
Obviously, you don't give a fuck.
You're chirping anyone, slashing anyone.
Was it true you were standing up chirping Mark Messier
and Brett Hall was like, sit the fuck down, don't talk to Mark Messier?
I heard it was Joe Sackick.
Yeah, it was Joe Sackick.
Oh, Joe Sackick.
I was giving it to  because I used to wait.
I would get to the rink early and I would watch,
see the visiting team walk in so I could see what they were wearing.
Like I wanted to see how bad their suits were so that I,
that I could just lay into them when we got out on the ice.
So I remember Saka coming in and I was like,
I was seeing Shanahan, how he dressed,
Iserman, how he dressed.
Like these guys were like  were like 2500 suits out of the
box no questions asked always 24 7 and saka came in with like a fucking beat up sort of sport coat
with the leather on the on the elbows which i it's cool now i could get the vintage vibe but i
don't think that's what he was going for so So I always sat at the end of the bench.
Cause that's where Holly sat.
Holly would never move to the middle of the bench.
You always stayed at the end of the bench.
So I was like,
fuck it.
I'm going to stay down here with him too.
So I would stand at the end of the bench and I would just lay into guys.
And what's crazy also is by the way,
not to mention our coach was scotty bowman who
i mean just fucking scotty bowman he even talked literally yeah i'll tell you scotty's story in a
second he sat on a chair in the middle of center ice and ran practice that was the first time i'd
ever really seen that also uh he let me say whatever the fuck i wanted he never said a word he never said too
much shut him up he just let me go a hundred miles an hour so i would stay at the end of the bench so
sackett comes and he lines up uh i guess he was play play a little played a little bit on his
off wing sometimes i think so he was on the right side close to our
bench and i just leaned over i'm like laying the fuck into him and all of a sudden i can feel a
bear paw on my back collar and holly you remember bobby hall well brett's forearms are as big and
as strong as his old man's he grabbed me by the neck and fucking almost pulled
me through the bench and said sit down you're not he looked me dead in the eye he turned my
i think he actually put his hand on my chin and turned my chin forward like to his direction and
said you will not speak to mr sakic like that that was it. And that was the only time
anyone ever said anything to me
on that team about going after
guys.
Which is crazy.
Yeah, that is crazy.
I know, but you must have not given it to guys
like Sackick is probably the best
you ever gave it to and then they were like,
enough, and then you knew to stick to other people.
I'm assuming.
No, I remember we played an exhibition game in uh vegas with la and i squared off with peter forsberg in an exhibition game i mean i don't know how many i shit kicked him but he was
strong he was fucking strong But it didn't matter.
Like, why they would play Forsberg in an exhibition game knowing when I'm playing?
Like, it was an exhibition game in Vegas.
And I turned the place upside down.
We squared off.
We had a great fight.
I wish there was video of it.
So, did you...
So, it never stopped.
Did you play with Datsuk in Detroit? Were you guys rookies together? Yeah. So, never stopped. Did you play with Datsuk in Detroit?
Were you guys rookies together?
Yeah.
So holy shit.
I mean, I'm assuming maybe you never even spoke to him
if he didn't have much English.
But what was it like playing with him at the beginning?
Could you tell, like, holy shit, this guy's going to be insane?
Yeah, I mean, he came out of nowhere.
He was like a seventh-round pick, wasn't he?
Yeah, like right around then.
I don't think  no one knew his name when he got to camp.
And he gets to camp, and he just basically starts pulling these moves
that the NHL started to replicate for the next eight years.
Like the moves that he invented in his first two years in the league
were moves that fed her off
no none of these guys i'd never seen them pull any of these moves the puck between your legs and
then you kind of wait like he was just destroying guys and especially at that point because he was
still very agile and yeah i mean even that mean, even that team, guys were like,
this kid's a fucking alien.
I would say the most amazing thing about him was that, like,
you saw him off the ice and he kind of
Pigeon-toed.
Yeah, he walked a little weird.
Like, did he have, like, abnormalities where he had to, like,
work around and, like, work out the weight of specific things?
And that's not an insult.
I'm just curious.
No, he looked like a humpback when he walked.
Like,
honestly,
you could have,
I'm not even going to say it,
but he didn't,
he looked very weird.
Everything about him was weird.
His voice was weird,
but I,
I've got a head like Stewie Griffin.
You body check.
You want to see a guy body check?
When that guy plants his feet and drops his shoulder,
there's no harder body check in the history of the NHL.
He'll fucking bury you.
He's so strong.
I know.
And you had no idea, too.
You looked at him.
You're like, I could dummy this guy.
And you couldn't even move him off his skates.
It was crazy.
Were you ever in a lot of skates?
The guy that was as skilled as Dotsuk
that not a lot of people talk about still
because I guess he didn't play that long,
but this guy was out of this world skilled.
I've never seen anything like it actually
other than Dotsuk was Ziggy Palfrey.
And they had a lot of similarities.
I mean, how good was that guy?
I got a quick question for Whit.
Did him and Sid have issues when Sid was breaking in?
That was the rumor that I heard.
No, I don't remember.
That year, that team was so bad.
It was so poorly put together.
Like, they just grabbed everyone.
That was when Gonchar was struggling.
I do remember, though, Ziggy Palfrey was incredible.
He had a point per game.
Yeah, I was just going to say, I asked you, and you kind of brushed it off.
How sick was he?
No, I'm going to go into it more.
He was so incredible that you didn't even understand how he got it done.
You would snap him a pass.
It would be up, like, near his waist.
He'd just knock it down.
Like a dump, and he could just knock it down.
He could sauce any pass on his forehand or his backhand.
But the reason that I really remember him is because we were in Nashville.
The team was so bad, and Ziggy got crushed. Oh my
God, he got crushed.
And who was the fighter that played
in Darcy Hordachuk?
Oh my God. And the next day
that was it.
But he was...
What was that
last season though, R.A.? What was he at?
He was 11
goals, 31 assists, 42
points in 42 games.
Yeah.
And that's why the rumor was him and Sid weren't getting along.
They must've spun that.
And that was, that's why I heard that.
I'm not saying it's true.
I just heard that.
And he had four years left at like 6 million a year, I think.
Oh God.
It might've, was it that long?
It's a contract.
Yeah. Either, God. It might have. Was it that long? He was in the midst of a contract. Yeah, either way.
I mean, that is a guy, too, that because of where he played,
not a lot of people know how incredible he was.
Yeah.
Only 24 career playoff games.
Waves, where was your rookie party when you were in Detroit?
Where did you have to pay to bring the guys?
Vancouver.
It was me and Jason Williams at Gotham Steakhouse.
And you want to know, like, it just kind of puts it all into perspective.
Both our credit cards got declined because I think the bill on that team,
like that rookie team, that rookie team that rookie meal the wine i i remember like there's some
girls showed up and one of them got an ambulance was called like it was a fucking shit show just
on the next level i think the bill was 37 38 40 It was almost 40 grand.
And I think Lidstrom paid for it.
And we never got a bill.
Like, I never had a bill in my locker the next week saying,
hey, by the way, you owe me 19 grand.
Like, those guys were making so much money. They were making so much money.
That was a 95 million
payroll on that team,
I think.
Plus, they know you guys are one call away from getting
sent back to the AHL and making 600
a week.
Right.
A high-level group of guys.
I'm just
actually curious,
not to move away from the hockey
but someone that
since his retirement
talk about getting away
from the game I mean I know you wrote a book about
your playing days but you don't do
anything with hockey I'm assuming do you even
watch hockey anymore how is that
like just you don't miss it one bit
I'm assuming
no I mean I haven't skated since
the last time i skated um
i don't even own skates i don't even own a hockey stick part of the reason is i'm in new york city
and i don't even know where i would there's one rink here go to the other reason you can like
fight people and shit in men's league yeah that's what i was gonna say i've played in two men's league games in my life once was the second and last one was in pickering ontario it was in the summer i
went home to visit my parents i ended up knocking a guy's two front teeth out and then i went out
into the parking lot and fought his brother and like bounced his fucking head off of the bumper of the car and i had these
like guys looking for me for the next two weeks while i was in town visiting my parents that was
the last men's league game i ever played because i just go out there and anyone that's out there
there's always i guarantee it a guy that's going to take a run at sean avery and say i took a
fucking run at sean avery i mean it's took a fucking run at Sean Avery. I fought Sean Avery. I mean, it's just a guarantee.
They just want to text their buddies after the game.
I put my family in the hospital for Sean Avery.
So, no, I don't say that.
I started watching because it's funny.
Yeah, so I'm a big Barstool guy.
And actually, I don't know how long it was now, but Barstool had a radio show that they were starting with Julie Banks. So I was one of the guys that came in to, I guess, audition to be on the show. They ended up going with some fucking football player i don't even know who he is
willie cologne what a terrible decision this was by barstool the point being because i would have
literally like new york area you put me on a morning talk show i'll blow this thing up and
it'll be no. I started watching
games because
I was like, fuck, I might actually be on
a morning show talking about
sports. I started watching the games
and I started watching
Toronto, obviously, because Shani and
Babcock.
Fuck, these players are good,
man. These young guys are like
Austin Matthews.
These kids are  they got some  there's some game there.
So I started to get back into it watching it.
I enjoy watching it now.
It's a little bit boring, though, I got to tell you,
because, like, I just remember when  I was laughing the other day.
Somebody asked me, i remember a game
in boston we were both playing on dallas after the game mike medano basically said to less jackson
either sean avery's off this team or i'm gonna retire like we turned the arena upside down it was a total shit show it was i can't even imagine watching it on tv
watching ott and avery run around on the same line like that's an exciting game for me to watch
now you don't see any of that you don't see any body checks there's no guy that like
the scrum that you constantly see in a scrum, like it's amazing how much the game has shifted in the last three years.
So it's a little bit,
I don't love watching it because I would have loved watching me play.
You just had no idea what the fuck was going to happen any night.
Hey, that game, uh,
that's when the Bruins announcer, Jack Edwards,
had like an aneurysm on the TV, screaming at you.
Charlie, we have scumbags.
The guy could have died from a heart attack.
He actually despised your guts, and he wasn't even playing.
So that game, the guys that work inside the penalty box,
they wrote a report to the NHL basically saying, like,
we had never heard such foul things come out of NHL players' mouths
in our 30 years sitting between the penalty boxes as we did that night.
Like, they were petitioning to try and get us suspended
because me and Otter were in there for 15 minutes, boxes as we did that night like they were petitioning to try and get us suspended because
me and otter were in there for 15 minutes and i remember we lit up the whole section like it was
one guy would come down we would light him up we would his girlfriend would come down
we would light her up and then we would bring him back It was like a fucking circus shit we were saying.
It was out of control.
It was out of control.
I can't even, it was so bad and so vile and so vulgar and so filthy that when they asked me about it, I was like, absolutely.
I completely confirmed that that guy, that's the worst thing he's ever heard
because i think that's the worst thing i've ever heard from a player's mouth and me and otter just
went like ott's good he's he's a good trash talker let me tell you oh yeah he's a good dude
and the two of us working off to go like, it was gold medal shit talking.
Not even to the other team.
It was the fans.
It was the whole section.
It was everyone in earshot.
We lit up them.
Anything that they've ever ate, everything they were wearing, their mother, their brother, their family, their fucking kindergarten teacher.
No one was off limits.
Who said? I'm sorry. Go ahead. No one was off limits. Who said?
I'm sorry, go ahead.
No, it was pretty amazing.
That's one of the most fun 15 minutes I think I ever had in the NHL.
What was the most vicious chirp you've heard on ice from one player to another?
Wow.
Did you say it? it yeah it was definitely
probably me
oh
fuck
I'm not going to repeat him on this podcast
because we want to get those guys
here eventually
is there a line you wouldn't cross
no
yeah I'd never go after sexuality or like alcoholism and drugs.
Oh, yeah.
Everything else was on the table.
I mean, let's talk about what I did to Marty Brodeur.
I mean, not a lot of people really know the inner workings of that,
but there's a reason that I could single-handedly beat Marty Broderne a
playoff series which I did twice he could not play against me I could just send him into a
different atmosphere with what I would whisper into his ear everything that I said to him
was vile was true let me just tell you right now. It was all true.
It was all true. Exactly. But, um, yeah, I would go, I would go for the, I would go for the jugular
right off the bat. There wasn't, there was never a waiting period. It wasn't like, let's ease my
way into this one. I just go for the jugular right off the bat. The other guy, Darcy Tucker, I made insane on a regular basis
because I just went after  I went so hard on him
and went for the jugular at every occasion.
Aves, you talked about you'd never go after anyone's sexuality.
Actually, the reason that the first conversation we had was when you came up
and you said, hey, thanks for tweeting that thing out because you joined the You Can Play, and you were like the first conversation we had was when you came up and you said, hey, thanks for, you know, tweeting that thing out because you joined the You Can Play.
And you were like the first guy in the NHL to really get behind the LGBT community.
And you did that video.
And I was like, man, like, you know, I might not agree with everything this guy does on the ice or off the ice.
But, you know, you got to pat a guy on the back for sticking up and getting involved in that.
And then you came up and you're like, hey, thanks for, like,
sending that out.
And then, you know, from there, like, we kind of created a bit of a friendship.
And that was at Bonnaroo.
Yeah.
Oh, man, how much fun was that? But, I mean, man, I really paved the way for a lot of NHLers
to have fun in the summers just by sheer hard work
and determination. I mean, Bonnaroo,
that was all me.
I've given you guys years of
enjoyment, but
and wow.
Wow, is that a party. You should take
with there. You should take RA there
for a weekend. I'd be down for it.
It's so much
fun.
So, Biz, were you there the year I had the Olsen twins with me?
Oh, no.
No, I wasn't there that year.
But I think the night I met you was when we were going to see Bass Nectar,
and I tripped on mushrooms.
And I remember I was like, yeah, I got to go.
Good meeting you, but I got to get this golf cart back to our tour bus so I can go get my safe space for two hours.
Yeah, so much fun.
But what was I talking about?
Oh, the whole LGBT thing.
Yeah, I mean, honestly, that was because I
partly because I don't think about ramifications
and I don't think about thingsifications and I don't think about
things. If I want to do it, I just do it.
Also because I've, I had a, the best owner in professional sports,
James Dolan, Jim Dolan, who,
how many other owners would let a guy go on a PSA for same sex marriage in
one of the first States wearing his team jersey uh you know and not even blank it
wasn't even like a conversation it was it was i know that that he was asked whether i could do it
he said absolutely and i did it what year was that first
uh it was probably six months before new york same-sex marriage. So I would say 2011.
I mean, way before anyone started doing it.
That's for sure.
I was the first professional athlete to do a race for marriage equality.
Yeah, I mean, there's obviously no ranges on Knicks fans on this podcast
because they might dispute you on the Dolan ownership thing we're none of us are New York fans here but you obviously
have a different relationship than than we do uh I just want to switch gears a little have you I
noticed you've been doing some acting it what's what's the story with that you've been in any
movies lately or what yeah so uh I guess three years ago my my buddy Pete Berg, who I knew Pete a long time because he used to run with Chelly in Chicago.
Pete filmed Chicago in Chicago and Chelly was playing in Chicago.
So they had been friends for a long time.
So I've known Pete for years.
always been he's always been sort of a guy that likes to help guys when they're when they're done their careers playing whether it's playing or military guys so Pete said come to Boston I'm
filming this movie with Mark Wahlberg it's called Patriots Day I'm gonna put you in the movie so I
was like all right fuck it it was a year after I had stopped playing, I was, I was writing the books. I wasn't doing too much other
than trying to figure out how to write. And, um, I went down and, and I shot a scene for two days.
And I remember on the train ride home, I was thinking that's the closest feeling I'm ever
going to have to dropping my gloves at center ice and Madison square garden. All of a sudden
you're standing on set, the cameras go on go on they say action there's fucking 200 people standing around there's a fireball of
energy that you can't replicate and that's part of the problem with when you retire is you're
chasing that that high so i came back to new york i went to school for two years studying drama. I went to England in the summers
to study Shakespeare. I finally said, all right, you know what? I think I'm ready to start trying
to go out and make this a real job. At that time, right around the same time, Pete was starting
to film his next movie, Mile 22, which is in theaters now,
which I have a pretty significant part in.
I went to Atlanta.
We shot that movie for two or three months.
That was last September, October, November.
Ron Rousey.
Ron Rousey.
Wahlberg.
It's a good movie.
I recommend you go see it.
Were you in the town as well?
Someone asked, were you in the town a couple years ago as well?
No.
Is that bad info?
No, no.
R.A. was.
R.A. was.
That's why I knew you guys would get along.
R.A.'s in the movie, The Town.
He's an actor as well.
I'm just trying to get to your guys' level, Aves.
I love that movie.
Actually, I'm coming to Boston to shoot this
new Wahlberg movie in a couple of weeks
called Wonderland.
I think I'm going to be there for
a month and a half.
Oh, no shit. I actually tried out for it.
I went to the extra, the cattle call
for it, but I didn't get a call.
Maybe you can pull some strings.
We'll start again.
You can email me.
By the way, your look is perfect for what they're asking for,
and I don't think they've started to cast yet
because I think they're a little bit behind,
so don't get your head down.
You got a shot, and I'll put this in the spring.
Wow, look at this.
You guys went, fuck, well, enemies because of me.
Enemies.
All right.
Now you guys are going to be rubbing elbows at fucking...
Hey, don't forget about us small guys when you're at the Cannes Film Festival.
All right?
You and Avery will be fucking with your supermodel wives.
The next De Niro Pacino.
But Avery chirps, you know, outfits.
He chirps how people dress.
So it could be...
Why, aren't you a bad dresser?
In your eyes, I do not think you'd love his look.
I look good when I have to, Sean.
I just never have to look good.
Avery, he's wearing a Chicago Blackhawks get shirt
that he found in the fucking garbage after the cup run
when he was at the game, game six.
He's wearing that right now on the Zoom we're on.
And sweatpants with jizz stains on them from his Bruins DVD.
You know what's funny, though?
You ever see a famous actor?
They dress like shit, too. Yeah, that's true.
They look terrible.
But they still get laid. Yeah, Jonah Hill
is the worst dresser on the planet.
Oh, yeah. Awful.
He also, when he works out at the gym
here in New York, he boxes at this gym
in New York. Oh, at this gym in New York.
Oh, you're famous.
He makes them pull the blinds down,
and nobody can work out on the same floor as him.
Oh, I heard he's a dickhead.
I heard he's a dickhead.
At what point do you get that famous?
I don't think he's there yet.
I don't think he's there yet.
By the way, you said one thing earlier, and I'm going to come back to it.
I have the hottest wife in the world.
Yeah, she's gorgeous.
She's not that gorgeous.
She's rich.
She's a supermodel.
She is so hot.
It's not even like I see that sometimes they post lists of hottest girlfriend athletes go google a picture
of my wife hillary rhoda it's not even on the same planet of hotness and you know what's attractive
about it are uh aves too is not only the the financial side of it but like she's continually
trying to grow too so she's like and and you guys probably bounce off each other where she's not
stagnant it's just like it's like continue to build oh she's a tall drink of water huh she's always doing fucking
bodies she's she does yoga she does it all hey uh is she in better shape than you oh yeah because
because i see your videos on at the gym yeah the gym i hate everyone at the gym you know mankind is just really losing
they have no fucking etiquette they're animals guys but the modern day man what they how they
behave it's like it's just filthy it's disgusting to me yeah like they don't pick up their towels
and they just it's like little shit where you're like man how are you not thinking of that there's
other people sharing this world with you so when you when you went over to a friend's house when you always went over to your rich
friend's house were you not on good behavior like did you not act better than how you act in your
own house that's how i think about it when i go to a gym and and there's fucking fancy towels out
for me like if i wipe my ass with it,
I'm going to put it in the hamper.
That's just my mentality.
So it's funny because I,
if anyone's in the vicinity of me and I see them not pick it up,
like I call people out,
it's a pretty funny situation just cause I,
I just can't deal with it.
I just can't deal with it.
But she's in Hillary's in sick shape, crazy shape,
unbelievable shape.
I mean, it's like
For those who don't follow Avery on Instagram,
you're often calling people out.
But, Abes, listen, we got a couple of these guys who got to go.
We would absolutely love to have you on again.
I'd actually like to bring you on maybe once a month, once every
couple months to check in because I feel like we haven't even
scratched the surface.
Yeah, we could keep talking for a while.
All right. Have you not read my book,
Ice Capades? I have not, Sean.
I have a stack of books in my nightstand.
I got fucking ADD already
and the internet hasn't helped, but I mean,
if I get a copy of it, I'd definitely
take a look at it.
I'll send you a copy.
You'll start this book, and you won't be able to put it down.
I wrote this book after I read Jim Boughton's book, Ball Four.
Oh, yeah, Ball Four. You know who Jim Boughton is, right?
Yeah, that was a big deal when he wrote it back in the late 60s, early 70s.
I'll send you a copy.
We'll talk about it next time.
Thanks for having me on guys good luck
with everything all right let's get a beer when you're in boston let's get a beer
they're buddies now here we go group hug group hug see you guys yeah pal thanks that interview
was also brought to you by burst e liquids all right folks we know all the guys out there we're
talking about maybe an old athlete who doesn't get to league nights anymore
because he's out of breath all the time,
or a single friend of yours who can't get a second date
because he always smells like an ashtray,
or even a family member who's had a smoking-related illness.
That's who we're talking to, you, the smoker.
We don't want you to smoke anymore because we know how bad it is for you,
but we know everybody likes the nicotine.
So today is the day to start making better choices,
and our friends at Burst E-Liquid want to help.
Guys, I hung out with the owners of this company a few months ago
when they were in Boston.
They're fantastic people.
They're truly about making better choices in life.
They want people to not smoke cigarettes anymore,
but if they still want the enjoyment of nicotine,
that's why they invented this company, basically to help save lives.
As goofy as it might sound, it's 100 true. If you're not familiar, Burst is a flavorful,
handcrafted e-liquid line with 14 flavors developed with you in mind because they want you to ditch
those traditional tobacco products for good and start living a better life. And that's what these
guys want you to do, for real. And with flavors ranging from a vibrant guava dragon fruit to a
traditional custard tobacco flavor,
they even have the most incredible menthol-flavored line we've ever tried.
And my personal favorite, I mentioned before, Strawburst.
I'm a big strawberry guy.
Try that.
It's outstanding.
But again, these guys are sincere about what they do.
I can vouch for them and their character.
It's a great company.
So you want to go to www.vapeburst.com. Find your favorite flavor. And the promo code is CHICKLETS, that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
to get 25 off your order and plus free shipping.
Again, that site is www.vapeburst.com.
Promo code is CHICKLETS.
Give it a try now.
These guys are great guys.
What a great product.
And we, once again, thank Sean Avery for coming on what a what an interesting guy uh how about the time when i called him out for uh i was like you're you're like narcissistic but
you know it like he didn't skip a beat he's like yeah i know yeah he's he's definitely an
interesting cat like you said biz i'm glad we were able to talk about things i don't think
there was really a beef there i think it was just more of a misunderstanding than anything.
But hopefully he's in Boston.
He's going to be filming that movie.
Maybe we can get together for a film.
Ari was really sniffing an invite to be in it.
I'm telling you, he's actually
I have to hear about another cook scene.
I'm a thespian.
I'm a thespian.
Boys, how about fucking Connor McDavid's Homer Simpson costume?
I was  Did you beat off to that with herbal active on your cock?
The bomb, you put the herbal active bomb on your dick and jerk off to that.
Uh, I didn't do that.
I thought it was a hell of a costume because the Simpsons are so old and like, you don't
expect a millennial to actually pull that out for a, for a costume, but it was so unique
because nobody wears like skin color like that with the makeup.
It was unlike any Homer costume I've seen before,
but I thought it was hilarious.
How do you think his execution was on it?
Like out of 10, what would you have given him for originality and style points?
Definitely gets about an 8 for style points.
What I wanted to see if whether
or not he drew the hairs on the head because i couldn't tell if he was just bald or if he like
drew actual hairs on the head like homer had uh but it was an ace costume like i said for a young
kid to pull out like well basically the simpsons are old now uh i thought it was pretty funny i go
ahead this oh no i was gonna hop in and say what if he would have completely shaved his head and actually kept two hairs would you would have been 10 10 10 absolutely anytime you shave your head
like i've said on the pod before you guys saw the picture when i when i went to this travis pickle
from taxi driver back when i still had hair i actually shaved the mohawk and went out with a
real mohawk and anytime you incorporate an actual hairstyle into a halloween costume you've got to
be in the running for best or if he or if he took all of his hundreds of millions or how much
money he makes and he bought a beer company he called it duff and then started producing the
beer and then showed up with the actual duff beer that he owned the company for would that like
would that be over the top i'll take that would that would that start deducting points
then all of a sudden you're just like dude that costume sucks yeah you're like bud you over the top? Would that start deducting points?
Then all of a sudden you're just like, dude, that costume sucks.
Yeah, you're like, bud.
You're trying way too hard and
fucking Halloween was like a week ago.
When I first saw the picture,
I was like, oh my god. All the
fucking shit I give him for the Simpsons.
Not only is there an NHL guy as Homer,
he's the best player in the world.
RA is probably just cranking
it to this. He's downstairs.
He's got an old Neely fight.
He's got the McDavid-Homer-Simpson
picture. And then he's got a
signed copy of the Godfather
book. And he's just working himself
over down there.
It's funny, too, because I
know it's an old episode. You guys won't get a lot of our listeners. I did pull a Homer this week. It's funny, too, because I know it's an old episode. You guys won't get a lot
of our listeners. I did pull a Homer this
week. It's an old episode.
Yeah, you got loaded. Exactly.
But Homer got all fucked up. He
made a huge mistake and ended up
being beneficial for everybody in the end.
So because that was the theme of the episode
of Magic Johnson, that's the episode he was on.
And Magic says, oh, looks
like I pulled a Homer. There it is. Sure, I'll the episode he was on. And Magic says, ooh, looks like I pulled a homeboy.
There it is.
There it is.
Sure, I'll give you a chuckle.
There it is.
I'll give you a chuckle.
Come on, I'm big, Jack.
Boys will like that one.
The crowd will like that one.
Were you up in Pittsburgh when I dressed up as Bugsy?
Halloween?
How did you go?
I just had a wig with long locks, curly locks.
Then I had my shirt unbuttoned and just all these fake tattoos.
Then I carried around a bottle of Jager, and I just kept going.
All night, that's all I did.
I stayed in character.
People are saying he gets brought up almost every podcast.
I know.
Somebody said that to me.
I was like, I swear to God, I don't mean to do it.
So should we tell everyone
we've been begging him
to come on what we should start
on once and he was a nerd.
I know,
but that's the thing.
Like we're going to peer pressure
him into giving us more.
And for any,
maybe for any guys
who are like,
I don't know,
we'll just have our fans
flood their Instagram
and Twitter saying
you better come on
or shit's going down. Yeah. We're going to RA you. Send on or, or shit's going down.
Yeah.
We're going to RA you.
Send our army,
send our army after you.
We're going to send RA to kidnap your family.
We're going to,
we're going to,
we're going to,
we're going to Blair on huge speakers outside your house.
Just RAs clips of being shit face that day and talking about the Simpsons
over and over and over being your brain.
Say hi,
Uncle Blake.
Stop.
I'll come on the podcast.
Hey, we'll send in the.
All right.
Well, is that it, boys?
Actually, there was a big number of retirement that happened since we last recorded.
Paul Correa.
I don't know what took so long for the Ducks to do it,
but I didn't catch the entirety of the ceremony the other night.
I understand Steve Ruchin was pretty funny during it,
but, I mean, Paul Correa, we've talked about him on the podcast before.
One of the all-time great fucking NHL players.
It's a shame we didn't get him for longer because he was so good.
But fucking, like I said, I don't know what took so long to retire his number,
but the Anaheim Mighty Ducks finally did.
And I'll say one thing about him is he was a class act.
Obviously not the type of guy to listen to a podcast like this
or even jump on.
But yeah, class act, unbelievable player.
And Grinnelli, are you pointing me to throw in the herbal act of AdReed?
No, I was just going to say, Ari, I think the reason that it took so long
was because they were waiting for him to cool down with his
I was reading an article about it the other day.
They were essentially waiting for him to be in the right mental state
in order for him to want to
Yeah, in order for him to want to come and accept the award
and be in front of all those people.
Oh, shit.
He was going through that much
He was pissed.
Yeah, he was upset at the league and how they handled concussions
and his career and how his  you know, how messed up  Oh, yeah, he's a deep thinker. Oh, yeah, he was upset at the league and how they handled concussions and his career and how messed up he is.
Oh, yeah, he's a deep thinker.
Oh, yeah, he is.
He's a surfer.
He surfs every day now.
Stu Grimson was telling me he was out there for it.
He said Steve Ruchin was so funny.
He was talking about  he was their centerman for like nine years, right?
And he was saying  or on their line, I don't know.
I'm sure whatever they all played center, who knows.
But he said that it was so brutal because it was always just Teemu and Paul,
Teemu and Paul.
And he was just like on the outside looking in.
And then there was a picture they showed of them two hugging and like just
embracing after a big goal.
And Ruchin's on the outside.
He's like, I scored that goal too.
They probably just went like tic-tac-toe and just gave a tap
and they're just like, ah, great pass.
No, you great pass.
Yeah, like how girls like greet each other.
Like, ah!
But before we go to your last story and then we're done with this pod,
this is going to be a long one.
Herbal Active, 20 off with Biz20 promo code.
This is the CBD company we've been raving about.
Whitney's using it.
R.A.'s grandma's using it, so now everyone has to use it.
We sent some to Grinnelli.
They have situational mints that have five milligrams.
Those are nice for when you're in the car.
Let's say you're,
you're having a little bit of a headache,
boom,
pop it in.
You can even suck on it.
Like RA would suck on it.
Like you were chewing a little while ago there,
boy.
You can put the drops,
which I just got off the level two and I,
I bumped it up to the white label ones.
I believe it's the level three.
They're awesome for mental clarity. help me with my anxiety with my anxiousness uh i some
days you know i get a little depressed but not usually not ever since i started this podcast
not a big deal um and then they have the bomb which is unbelievable for muscles fucking i got
i got hockey players i don't i'm I'm not going to say which league,
the same I'm fucking commentating for, uh, are fucking begging me for it. Just herbal active. That's U R B A L A C T I V.com herbal active. You can ask them any questions
on social media before you purchase. They'll tell you everything that it can help you with. 0 THC.
They do third-party testing.
I fucking dummied this fucking ad read.
I fucking went, workbench.
You put that ad read on the workbench.
I put my fucking wrist tape on for that one,
like Army's competitor when he caved his face in.
And I had my trainer take it off.
Anyway, yeah. So Herbal Active and Witt, let's hear this finale story. when he caved his face in and I had my trainer taking Morgan. Anyway.
Yeah.
So herbal active and a wit.
Let's hear this finale story,
dude.
It's not even a story,
dude.
I,
it should be do this like right now is the,
or should we tell it?
I mean, if it sucks,
then everyone's going to be on Twitter conversation that I'm having that I
just was going to look for advice.
Um,
Oh,
I want,
yeah,
I was just,
I love giving it.
I want to take,
I want to take, I want to take, I was just. I love giving. I want to take.
I want to take.
I want to take.
I want to go to Napa.
I want to go to Napa early December.
And I need people to let me know where should I stay.
All right.
I don't know anything about wine country, but I'm bringing this up because this is what I need you to know in terms of telling me where to stay.
This is vacation with with me and my wife.
We wake up,
get a little breakfast. I go down. I do the most executive of executive workouts you've ever seen.
I maybe stretch the hammies for like 15 seconds, couple quick hip flexor stretches, sauna,
steam room, little swim, back to the sauna, 10 sets, 10 sets of curls. 25 pounds.
Did we eat breakfast
yet?
Do you eat before you work out or after?
I think I eat
after. Then I go up to shower.
You never know what's going on then.
Then we shoot down, have a little breakfast.
Nice, great little breakfast.
Nice spread. I'm staying at a 5.
That's another thing. This is 5 stars, so don't send me anything that's not top of the line.
So I'm down there.
I'll race to the world class.
These are 80 breakfasts.
We're both getting banged up 160.
Before, like, you know, a bloody, not a bloody guy, but, you know,
maybe a vodka, New Amsterdam orange juice.
Then I go to the course, all right?
Then I'm going to play golf. Okay. I'm
going to play golf pretty much all day. Bree's going to go to the spa. And then at the end,
we meet up and we go to dinner. That's my days. That's our vacations. It's the best vacations in
the world. Guys, when you go away, I know you don't want to be doing stuff all day with your
wife. I can't even imagine all day doing stuff with your wife on vacation. So we both have the
best day ever. We both, maybe one or two of the days I hang out a little bit besides dinner and breakfast and the workout.
We work out together, you know.
She's doing stuff.
I'm stretching.
So I need to know where do I stay where I can have a sick resort, sick.
I want sick spa for her, Great breakfasts, golf course nearby.
I think there's one place I heard you can stay and play where they play the
safe way.
But if you're from Napa or no Napa,
shoot me a tweet and just help me figure out how to make the best of what I
call our awesome vacations.
Okay.
So timeout 1000.
Okay.
Well,
that was funny by the way,
your little description of your your
trip yes yeah i need to put the note i need a wife what i'm gonna be doing to to to get then give
their ideas of where i should stay you know you need to know here's another option here's another
option i'd like to get it to the point where i literally don't even go on vacation with my wife
she's separate vacations very possible get some kills while I'm there and actually have a good time.
Very European marriage.
But I would be dumbfounded if somebody didn't reach out to you
from at least a four and a half star.
No.
Or maybe you could recommend each other.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
It doesn't do halves.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Five star.
Okay, okay. I refrain. Is that, no. It doesn't do halves. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Five star. Okay, okay.
I refrain.
Is that how you say it?
I retract my statement.
Yeah.
A five star.
I strike the record.
And they reach out to you and give you a free trip just to describe the whole trip that you had with your wife, but with their name on it.
That would be insane if someone didn't do that.
I feel like wine country is so above me
like i'm not like they're they're big time out there and well no man they want tons of turnover
i mean i guess maybe five star it would be tough but there might be a nice work that they need
people to know or they yeah that need people need to know about and they need like quote unquote
bloggers do you know and have you been to Napa? Fuck no, dude.
I've talked to a few.
I've talked to like Hork told me one place,
but like it doesn't seem like my style is more boutique.
I'm not a boutique guy.
Oh, you're saying it's not nice enough.
No, no, no, no.
Hork's place is probably more expensive than a print.
When we're talking money trees, Hork's way higher than mine.
His was probably way more expensive.
He actually told me the funniest story.
He said him and his wife were out having an awesome day in the vineyards,
and he was getting crushed, and he's like,
dude, I bought 10,000 worth of wine and sent it.
I didn't even remember.
Three months later, all this shit got delivered to my house,
these amazing bottles of wine.
I was like, oh, my God, what a day that was.
I was drinking white wine.
I never had white wine once in my life.
I ordered 10 bottles.
Oh, he's funny.
Oh, 10 bottles?
He ordered 10,000 worth
of wine, but part of that was 10 bottles of white.
He doesn't even drink white.
Oh, my God.
Don't bring up. If you ever heard that
I said his place wasn't expensive,
I'd be off that golf trip.
I'd be off it.
It'd be like miles and sideways,
which I am not drinking any fucking Merlot that's a great movie you should watch that on the way out that's uh
boys that was a long one today yeah that's long sorry listeners i mean i know long's good sometimes
it's bad sometimes we ramble but either way i'm going to watch the red dogs go up to nothing in
the series i Love you guys.
