Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
And this episode of Spittin' Chicklets was brought to you by BetDSI.com.
And with the NFL playoffs taking center stage, BetDSI is the place to be.
With over 20 years in the business and being rated the top rated business on sportsbook review sites,
it's basically a no-brainer at this point.
It's got a great mobile product that's easy to use anytime, anywhere.
You can also live in-game wager throughout entire games and events.
I can't forget to mention the customer service as well.
24-7, 365 days a year.
What's better than that?
So here's what we're going to do for you.
We're going to give you a free 10 just to try BetDSI when you register and a 200 bonus
on your first deposit, all with the code SPIT200. So for both new and returning members,
it's automated. So they should see this in the cashier. 200 means if you deposit 500,
you get 1000 total in bonus credits.
So the total winds up being 1,500.
So this is for both sports and casino.
So when you deposit 500, you get a total of 1,000 in your sports account and 500 in your casino account.
There's nothing better than that.
BetDSI.com. Check it out.
Check it out. Um, no, I'm a, I am, I am with, I am with, I am with black Twitter calls washed, washed up.
I am washed is, is soap.
I am done.
But we're more interested in Gurinelli.
Like this is a young guy.
I had a great night, but I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
What would have been a 30 Uber?
Oh.
170.
That's what it cost?
170.
Oh, you got the surcharge.
The surcharge.
They really fuck you.
30 Uber, 170.
Dude, why didn't you?
Where were you going?
But if you were going to get some, you know that it was worth it.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not going to say it wasn't worth it.
All right, perfect.
So a happy ending in an Uber cost 170 is how you're saying it?
Well, let's just say I'm suspended from Lyft right now.
Oh, way now.
That's for another podcast.
I couldn't pay for it.
What about your Wits?
Oh, okay.
Anything for New Year's?
I went skiing, dude.
I went up to Stowe, Vermont.
I banged up with a couple buddies, girls.
Table skiing?
Skiing? Whereabouts? I just said Stowe, Vermont. I banged up with a couple of buddies. Table skiing. Skiing? Whereabouts?
I just said Stowe, Vermont.
Believe me. You were thinking about your own joke.
Believe me. I got
pretty nasty by the end of this weekend.
I've skied like five times.
It seemed like everyone went skiing.
Because when I was little, you're playing hockey, you can't get skiing.
Skiing is fun as shit.
I went to ski school.
You get
to pack some beers in a backpack for the lift ride.
Bomb down the mountain.
I did, you know, a lot of green circles to start.
Did a black diamond by the end.
And then you just get crushed in the lodge.
Did you hotbox any gondolas?
Play the fifth.
Ah, I love it.
Nice.
Yeah.
Dude, it seemed like everyone affiliated with Boston went skiing over the break, man.
It was like everyone tweeting or talking or whatever.
I love skiing.
I haven't done it in years.
Although, it is probably the most ridiculous situation when you're in the lodge because you sit there, you leave all your belongings in an unlocked fucking cubby, and people don't take shit.
Charlestown kids have had field days of ski resorts over the years.
No, there's definitely like that
Kind of like trusting vibe up there
That just doesn't exist anywhere else
And everyone walks around like a cowboy
Because of the way they have their boots
You just don't want to get injured though
I rented a helmet
Last time I went dude
I'm actually
I'm not like exactly
Jesse Owens
You're a snowboarder No I'm not like exactly. I do not see you as a snowboarder.
Believe it or not.
No, I'm not a snowboarder.
I'm a skier.
I mean, skiing is probably, on the three sports, I'm actually not bad.
I'm actually pretty good.
I'm actually a decent skier, believe it or not.
Yeah.
I'm going to want to see this.
But last time I went, man, oh, I got a little too much speed.
Actually, I was in control, but a fucking snowboarder did a turn in front of me.
It was like his first time down the mountain.
I mean, I know you're supposed to be responsible for the guy in front of you, but the guy turns.
What are you supposed to do?
Yeah, I'd see him all over the place.
All of a sudden, I look up, and all my friends are looking down, like horrified looks.
They're like, you all right, dude?
It was a spill all the way down the hill, skis chasing you, all that.
And I was like, I had a bruise on my leg for months.
I mean, after that, I was like, you know what? You're crying months I mean after that I was like You know what
You're crying
I'm not in a hurry
To do that again
No no
Cause like
Honestly like I said
I'm in my 40s dude
You like one bad spill
From shredding your knee
And it's like
You know what dude
Why was I doing that
What the fuck was I doing
You know what I mean
I mean I could go on a lazy mountain
And have fun
And go down the lazy trails
But you know
When you get up there
You want to get a little speed
You want to get a little juice going
I saw my buddy in college Break his pelvis, break his wrist.
He shattered his pelvis, broke his wrist.
Imagine what that Uber ride would have cost him.
Seriously.
All right, so fucking enough fighting.
Well, yeah, we were meant to say the New Year isn't as great because of Milt Schmidt.
Yeah, we bleed off with that one.
Milt Schmidt, we mentioned him a couple months ago when the Bruins season kicked off.
How cool it was.
He dropped the puck, right?
Awesome, yeah.
I mean, it's kind of, I mean, it sucks that he died.
I mean, he was 98.
98?
He was probably begging.
He's like, what the fuck?
It's a hell of a run.
What am I doing here still?
But we had that one last moment with him.
It was great.
I mean, you know, like, and he still had his wits about him.
I mean, a lot of people 98 years old that don't know where they are.
I know.
He actually sat down, if you go on the Bruins website or on their Twitter,
he gave, like, a five-minute dual interview with Bobby Orr.
I mean, just the reverence that Bobby Orr had for him,
looking at him as he's talking about him.
And it was just kind of, like, nice that Bruins fans were able to have that
one last moment with him.
And then even when Bobby pushed him off the ice
and Bergeron went over to him and they took that pitch.
I mean, it's sad to see him go, obviously, a Bruins legend.
I wonder, do you think most hockey fans know who he is,
like non-Boston Bruins fans?
Absolutely.
I would say more probably Canadian fans.
First player in league history to play for the team, captain the team, coach the team, and then be GM.
GM, yeah.
Actually, did Bobby Clark?
Maybe not first in history.
First in Bruins history.
I'm sorry.
I misspoke.
Bobby Clark didn't win a cup as a GM, did he?
I'm not saying win a cup.
Did he win a cup on all those?
No, he won a cup as a player and as a GM.
It was the only Bruins player to ever play for him, captain him, coach him, and be the GM. I don't know if he won a cup on all those? No, he won a cup as a player and as a GM. It was the only Bruins player to ever play for him, captain him,
coach him, and be the GM. I don't know if he won a cup.
No, I'm just saying he won a cup
as the player and as a GM.
That's what it was. Either way,
legend. Exactly. Huge legend.
So all our condolences,
sympathies to anybody who's friends,
family with them. You think Milton knows anyone
listening to the Spitting Check?
Dude, he's friends with a lot of people at the Bruins for a long time.
Time out.
Time out.
Milton Schmidt is a family friend of my family.
He's a good friend of my grandpa's.
Shut up.
Really?
He rents my...
You going to the lake?
My parents have a house in Florida, and Milton Schmidt rented it every winter.
Oh, did he?
Yeah.
So I have a bunch of autographed sticks by the Bruins in my basement from like 98, 99.
Milt Schmitt got them all signed for us.
What a beauty.
Yeah, absolute beauty.
Found all this out like last night.
Did you guys get any good stories about him just getting banged up at the house or anything?
No.
Or was he just a good guy?
No, I definitely got to ask my grandpa, though.
Oh, yeah, you got some stories.
Yeah, definitely.
Similar to Ted Williams, he lost three years during the prime of his career to serve his country, Canada in this case.
Looking back on the fact that the best athletes went and served their country at war.
Yeah.
And they didn't all get like the Elvis fucking thing.
Like, oh, yeah, stick him over Germany so he don't get his ass shot off because he's Elvis.
I mean, Ted Williams flew like 100 fucking missions or something crazy.
So, yeah, different generation.
But speaking of generations, we're talking about the old ones now.
We're going to dial back a few hundred years, a few several generations.
How about that?
Nice segue.
Nice segue, huh?
Oh, the World Junior Tournament.
World Juniors, man.
And we discussed this tournament.
I remember telling you guys how special it was when I played in it,
how much I loved it, and how much I have enjoyed watching it since then.
Playing when I was still playing, and now you're like, this is kind
of the future of the game.
The tournament has been as good as
you could imagine. The only thing that sucks about it is the
attendance is pathetic
for Canada. I think the prices
were like, I don't know what they were thinking,
charging 300 to go to a fucking junior
team? Exactly. You're charging a city that has
the Montreal Canadiens.
People aren't going to pay 100 to sit in nosebleed seats to watch TV.
I think hockey Canada got cocky thinking,
it's the World Juniors, we sell it anywhere.
But I think that the World Juniors belongs.
And where I played it in one year in Canada,
I played was in a junior city.
Right.
Saskatoon.
Saskatoon, where the U.S. won.
Let's just reminisce about the U.S. beating Team Canada in 2010 in Saskatoon.
A little bit so.
And that could happen again tonight in Montreal.
But it doesn't belong in the big arenas.
I mean, maybe it sells out tonight.
I'll be interested.
I hope so.
You would think so with Canada.
And, of course, you know, it seems that out of Russia.
If you're not Canadian, then you're not in as big a hurry to see them.
But, yeah, it's indicative that people didn't go to Montreal either to watch it
or they weren't going to spend that kind of money on tickets.
But an all-time classic, U.S.-Russia yesterday.
With a shootout that was just like T.J. Oshie against Russia in the Olympics.
Troy Terry.
It was very similar to Jonathan Taves.
I think it was 2008.
Let's hope not too similar.
And the U.S. wins the gold. Well, yeah, but I mean
that kid, Troy
Terry, to score
three times in the shootout, twice
when he had to score, they lost.
It was some of the most clutch.
Dude, that kid's hands were like lightning,
dude. It was filthy. He came through.
His release. One of the moves
he went back in. Denver.
Oh, he plays at Denver. Anaheim
pick in the fourth round, the fifth round.
He came through,
brought the puck to his backhand to open up the goalie's
legs to go five hole, but instead of...
The goalie did a good job of keeping his stick on the ice
to keep his five hole covered. The kid
sauced it. I don't know if you saw that. He sauced
it over the goalie's stick through
his legs. I'm telling you, if you could see the replay again, it wasn't like open the goalie up, get him sliding and slide a five-hole.
He actually got it up airborne just enough to get over his goalie's stick.
And that's with we lose, we're done.
We're going to the bronze medal game, which is basically done.
I was going bananas on my couch.
I was like, I wonder how many people are actually watching an experience.
Because if you're a hockey fan,
I don't care if it's just NHL,
you're into this.
Imagine how he felt,
19-year-old kid,
with U.S.-Russia relations
how they are.
So many girls sliding
in his inbox.
What is it called?
Sliding in your DMs.
DMs.
That's us, the millennials.
Even I know that one,
for Christ's sake.
I put it this way,
when Mike Milbury
has something positive to say
about it, then it's probably a good thing.
I saw a quote from him last night, like, that
their skill level has never been anything
remotely like this before on these kids.
No, no, it's crazy. I said the same
thing the other night. I mean,
these kids, none of them look like future checkers
or anything. I mean, of course, when they
pan out their career, some of them will be, but
it's like, they're just a talent on all these teams, man.
And I know what we're going to talk about.
The fucking shootout to decide it, I mean, that's such a soccer thing.
Like, let's kick soccer.
I don't even care.
But, like, I mean, come on, dude.
Tell me you didn't feel bad.
I mean, one of those Russians might have been one of your kids after your KHL run.
But tell me you didn't feel bad for those kids.
Like, they lost in a fucking shootout.
You know what I mean?
That sucks.
I know.
And, like, you want to just keep playing.
Like, it should be  and they go four on four, too, in overtime,
which I thought was kind of interesting.
I'm a fan of in gold medal  sorry, semifinal Olympics, international play,
gold medal, Stanley Cup, five on five overtime.
It is what it is.
Play until the next guy scores.
Four on four or whatever.
If you're going to do that, keep it until somebody scores.
To lose a medal or the chance to win a gold medal or if tonight goes to a shootout, it's just not right.
And I think that you can't say that that's the better team.
I mean, I know.
Because if you tied them, yeah, you're better at a breakaway competition.
Candy-ass Olympic rules.
No, they suck.
But at the same time, I think of Forsberg and his famous move in 94 in Lillehammer.
And I'm like, oh, that was so awesome.
That's such a cool memory.
So there's cool things that can happen, as yesterday we saw with Troy Terry.
But it does suck to go down that way.
But those Russians, fuck them.
The guy shooting the ball in front of the bench.
I was so happy to see their scumbag looks lose.
Make hockey fun again.
I was so  if the U.S. had lost yesterday in that type of game to Canada or Sweden, you're upset.
But you're like, all right, they played.
I mean, what can you do?
But if they had lost to Russia, it would have sucked.
And Canada would have rolled Russia.
I think the U.S. will win tonight.
Yeah, it's 8 o'clock on NHL
Network. NHL Network. Yeah. Well, people are
going to be listening to this when it's over, probably, but
Yeah, right. Let's get some predictions.
Go back in time after you listen to this.
Get your time machine.
And we'll give you a win or two on who would have been in the
Bruins game tonight.
Give me a prediction. What do you guys think?
Well, I will say I got the U.S. team winning.
They've played Canada three times in the finals of the World Junior.
They've won two of them.
So they won in 2004 and 2010, and they lost in 97.
So I'm going 3-1 in the gold medal.
USA wins 4-2 with an empty net.
I'll go U.S. 3-1.
I'm from Canada.
They think I'm slow, eh?
I like U.S.A.
U.S.A. 4-3.
Old Simpsons.
What?
U.S.A. 4-3.
All right, so you just basically copy me, but you added a goal for Canada.
What do you think?
One of us is going to sit there and say fucking Canada.
So U.S. finally, by the way, they finally have players that, like, forever in this tournament,
Canada has had, like, four to five guys that could be on the team, they're starring in the nhl so you're always crazy it's kind of bullshit because
can but we're now finally we're being usa catching up finally miss we're missing matthews matthew
kachuk we're missing zach warensky who's running the best power play in league history in columbus
kids filthy and to know that we could have those guys,
it just shows USA Hockey is really,
they're perennial in the Final Four
in the World Juniors now.
And it's, I think the National Team Development Program
started in Ann Arbor in 98.
And it's like, it's been 20 years,
and it's, you know, 19 years, and it's actually.
You were part of that, right?
Yeah, I was part of that.
Not a big deal.
Home brag. But I think that you know, 19 years, and it's actually... You were part of that, right? Yeah, I was part of that. Not a big deal. But I think that you're
starting to see, I mean, we've talked about it before, USA
Hockey's in a great spot. If they can get this gold medal
in Canada tonight,
gets me going. But looking at some of
these players... Hey, shout out
to Colin White, Luke Coonan,
and Casey Fitz for jumping
on our Facebook page as well. How many views did we
get? About 50,000 views.
50K, kid?
50K.
That's pretty good for Bastl.
Yeah.
I mean, that's great, but thank you for those guys.
And Colin White.
Colin White is ridiculous.
Why isn't he in the NHL right now?
He will be when BC season ends.
It's the same with Charlie McAvoy.
When the BU season ends, he'll be on the Bruins.
And maybe Clayton Carroll will be playing games for the Coyotes because he's been
probably the best player in the tournament, I think.
Yeah, no question. And as a Bruins fan,
I don't know.
McAvoy? No.
You could have had
Matt Barzell. Have you watched this kid on Canada?
Yeah.
2015
entry draft. The Bruins take.
Let's go through it here.
We go.
You can do this in every team.
Dude.
Three picks in a row.
Jacob Zabariel, Jake DeBrusque, and Zach Shenshin.
Shenshin.
Shenshin.
He's got about 90 goals this year, but go ahead.
Okay.
And then Matthew Barzell, who's doing this in this turn.
Could have taken Kyle Conner, too.
Barzell, Kyle Conner.
There's a bunch of guys you could have taken.
I'm just saying, those three, watching this kid,
and if I was a Bruins fan, I would be disgusted.
Well, that's what they do.
That's what you've got to remind them,
that, okay, you're watching a Junets tournament right now.
This isn't the NHL in five years.
Talk to me then.
Okay, fair enough.
I respect that.
I'm not just being a whiny Bruins fan,
but I honestly, I think that's a,
you could point out a play.
That's a lazy man's game to play.
You can do that with every team, every draft.
Well, Colin White was 21st, too, and he's from there.
Every single fucking team you can do that with.
They passed over this guy.
I mean, fucking Pavel Datsyuk and Zetterberg went in, what, the fifth and sixth rounds?
I mean, come on, you know.
I don't know.
It's just, I believe you.
I'm not fucking stick up for the Bruins.
I shit on them when I need to.
But they're from Europe, not from Hanover, Massachusetts.
Like, wait, when the Bruins didn't take them.
There's a little difference when you pick a European.
When that kid from Russia, Kaprasov, that Minnesota pick,
which we should bring up Minnesota for having, like,
four of the best players in the tournament.
They got a kid on Russia, Kaprasov.
They got Greenway on.
He's a stud.
He's a stud. He's an animal
out there. He's going to be a beast in the NHL.
He'll be in the NHL at the end of this year
too. So, I don't know. It's just
great hockey. I hope people have really enjoyed
it because I have. It has been
a good tournament. You mentioned Zach
Wawrenski as a former
national...
I always get the NTDP thing.
I get dyslexic when I do that.
I can't say it, and I was there.
I just say Ann Arbor because it's a lot easier.
And they're not even there anymore.
Wierenski was just on the team a year ago or so,
and now he is tearing up for Columbus.
Tonight, again, obviously, we're recording Thursday.
The show comes out Friday.
This is getting ridiculous.
By tomorrow, we'll know if Columbus,
or by the time the show is, if
Columbus actually tied the NHL
record for most consecutive victories.
Now, if you were going to sell stock at that back
in September... Plus 50,000?
Seriously. No, plus like
600,000. Columbus
winning 17 in a row would definitely be like
a 5,001
shot. Honestly, I'm not even
exaggerating. 5,001 shot, I would post, I'm not even exaggerating. I know. 5,001 shot, I would post
odds for that happening, and it could
happen tonight. I mean, I know we've
talked about it before, but when the team's doing this,
how do you not keep talking about them?
I know, it's like, we're like, oh, you can't keep talking
Columbus, one, because they're the Blue Jackets,
two, because Tortorella coaches them.
But now, it's like, you can't not talk
about them, because they're winning.
Edmonton went in there the other night, like huge test for Edmonton.
They just blew the doors off them.
It wasn't even close.
7-1?
No, it wasn't.
I think it was finished 4-1.
Who did they beat 7-1 this week?
I don't even know.
Early in the week, that was.
But their power play in that Wierenski kid, their power play is like 26 right now.
It makes no sense how they've turned it around,
besides just getting career years out of guys.
I mean, Sam Gagne, we mentioned him, what he's done.
I'm shocked every time they win.
Bobrovsky playing, you know.
Tonight, Bobrovsky's been, if he gets hurt, they're fucked.
Yeah, and he's kind of had some hiccups during his career. He would play out of his mind
and then he kind of seemed to lose it.
He's just been out of his mind.
Columbus' goal differential is plus
52.
The next one down is, what, 38?
Yeah, the Rangers are 38.
Columbus is 58 points. The next team down,
Pittsburgh, is 55. Actually, Pittsburgh
and the Rangers. But Columbus has
two games in hand on Pittsburgh, so they could hypothetically be seven Pittsburgh in the Rangers. But Columbus has two games in hand on Pittsburgh,
so they could hypothetically be seven points in the lead.
It's impressive as all hell.
But like I said before, the team who set the record, what was that, the 93 Penguins?
92-93 Penguins.
They're peaking too early.
How'd they end up?
Exactly.
They're peaking too early.
It's like, it's such a, what's the team, you ask someone on the team about that, what are they going to say?
Like, you're going to be like, shut the fuck up.
We're winning games, so we're supposed to do.
But you know for a fact, some part, like Tortorella or the GM's head is like, this is.
Yeah, we need to lose one here.
Yeah, like this is, because they're going to end up going on a streak where they lose games.
And then all of a sudden, we're at the halfway point of the year right now.
Say in a month and a half, they go on an eight-game losing streak right before the playoffs.
And it's like, holy shit, I remember the good old days back when Spittin' Chicklets shit on us,
but we just won every fucking game.
Yeah, it's going to put a little pressure on them, I think,
that people are going to expect them to roll through the playoffs now.
But honestly, as impressive as the streak is,
I don't think this really changes much going into the playoffs
because the playoffs are a different animal, as everyone knows.
If you won 17 straight going into the playoffs, it would matter.
Going into the playoffs, right.
Yeah, I think.
But right now, they're just getting into the playoffs.
They're not even halfway through their schedule yet.
They played 36 games.
So, you know, they may well simmer back down to the middle of the pack.
I mean, they could play, you know, 750 for the rest of the year, which is probably unlikely.
But, you know, until they do it in the playoffs, it's impressive.
But, you know.
Well, you saw Philly win 10 in a row, and they've now lost.
I mean, they lost, I think, four of their last five, it is.
Yeah, they've definitely skidded off, and they're in danger of falling out of the playoffs as well, too.
So it's just, you know, as good as it is now, like I said, they haven't done anything yet.
The playoffs are where it matters, and Columbus does not have, I mean, they have some players on the team with experience,
but as a team, they don't have a lot of experience
as a playoff team together.
Teams like that, they usually need to
learn to win. They usually need to lose in the playoffs
before they learn how to win.
Again, it's a great story.
We'd love to see them set the record.
It's fun to watch, but
I wouldn't go be putting down my
mortgage.
They're not going to win the Cup.
I mean, because I just said that, they may.
But I seriously would be shocked if they were to win the Stanley Cup,
maybe in a couple years.
Did you see Weber go back to Nashville, that video?
Yeah.
Yeah, that was pretty cool.
Yeah, it was nice.
I thought it was a little, maybe I'm kind of being a hater,
but you didn't win the Cup there.
It was this huge thing. I think it's different for nashville though just because they're not you're not like it's
the bruins or the canadians he was their first like he was their first guy yeah exactly he was
was he their first and for a great crowd for a great like fan base you could tell he meant like
the world to them i think i was more just shocked like before thinking what you said like this is a
new relatively new organization like i was just shocked. Before thinking what you said, this is a relatively new organization.
I was just shocked.
They were chanting, thank you
Weber. Subban wasn't even playing.
He was probably like, fuck me.
Like Grinelli said,
he was such a huge part of that team.
It took them...
He helped put hockey on the map in Nashville.
It took them a couple years to
get a reputation as a hard to play against team.
They haven't had really any great playoff success yet.
But, you know, they had a couple of nice runs,
and Shea Weber was at the heart of those.
And, you know, plus, from what I understand,
he was pretty, like, almost 90, 5 of hockey players,
well-known in the charity and the community
and did a lot of good things there.
I've never heard a remotely bad word about that guy.
Yeah, like you're going to fucking say it if you did.
I wouldn't say who said it, but I'd say it.
Yeah, say it.
But I've never ever, like everyone says,
like just a genuinely nice guy,
cared about all of his teammates,
cared about the community,
pretty much an ideal captain for a new team when he got there and became like a leader there.
Nice guy, tries hard, loves the game. I wonder what's leader there. Nice guy, tries hard, loves the game.
I wonder what Subban...
Nice guy, tries hard, loves the game.
Phil Kessel.
But I wonder if Subban will get...
I mean, I'm assuming Subban's ovation in Montreal will be similar.
Yeah, exactly.
Did Subban accomplish more in Montreal than Weber did in Nashville?
No, no.
Put it to Montreal.
Charitably, I don't know what Shea Weber necessarily did in Nashville.
I know he did his fair share, but what P.K. Subban did in Montreal,
and we never really touched on it.
Did you guys see the video of what he did in Nashville
where he took all the kids on the sleigh ride?
Yeah.
That was awesome.
Did you see the one last year?
He did it in Montreal.
In Montreal.
He set up this fantasy world. It's amazing? He did it in Montreal. He set up this
fantasy world. It's amazing.
He did it again in Montreal this year too, I believe.
If I'm not mistaken, he still
did something for them again. We'll have to tweet out that video.
I retweeted it. We'll have to get Spittin' Chicklets
to retweet that for everyone to see.
That was some good shit right there.
Both great guys. Good stuff. And one other story.
Last episode, we talked about
how random backup goalies kind of get,
not pressed into the lineup, but they're always, you know,
these guys who are going to get sick.
Emergency goalies.
I'm sorry.
I'm a little fucking slow today.
Bad night's sleep.
Emergency goalies.
And we were talking about it.
Well, then I think it was the next night after our show in Carolina game,
it was Eddie Lack, their backup, got sick,
and Carolina's affiliate was too far away to bring in a minor league goalie,
so they dressed their equipment guy.
Assistant equipment guy, I believe it was.
Assistant equipment guy.
I'm going to pull up his name here because I want to give him his props.
It makes it even funner.
Jorge Alves.
More fun?
Alves or Alves.
Alves or Alves.
Alvarez?
No, it's A-L-V-E-S.
I know some people pronounce it Alves. Some people say Alves, but Jorge Alves.
He was a backup goalie.
Now, he came in for the last 7.6 seconds.
Now, it was a situation.
That's awesome.
Carolina's down two goals, I believe.
The faceoff was down the other end.
They're not going to play.
So it was a situation where it wasn't going to affect the outcome of the season at all.
Carolina's probably not going to the playoffs.
It was highly unlikely they would score on them.
It was just a situation of, hey, you know what,
we're going to let this kid live out a dream for seven seconds
and wait for the hell of it.
It's not going to hurt anybody.
And like I mentioned, Mike McKenna was a longtime AHL goalie.
He tweeted out that.
It was one of the best things he's ever seen
just because that's what, like, playing sports is about and hockey.
It's like that guy, you know,
that guy's going to have the memories for the rest of his life now as
opposed to what?
If they had left, you know, Cam Warden for that last seven seconds,
no one would know the difference.
I really wish that somebody, like,
somehow someone got a breakaway, though,
and just ripped one shelf on him.
That would be a better clip than seeing him go in, which is great.
The guy played an NHL game.
If somebody somehow had gotten a chance and ripped one by him, it would have been so funny.
And he would have been laughing too.
That's all I want to see.
It would be even better if he made the save because then the guy who shot at him would never  I know.
That would be like  that was so good.
You're right.
If you missed on
If you missed, you would never hear the end of it.
But speaking of wind up and take the shot,
I fucking love what Kevin Hayes did to Al Perez in the goalie challenge.
I'm finally glad.
Every time I do it, I'm like, someone's just going to step up and uncork it.
Eight for ten for Hayes.
Because nobody ever does that.
They always go easy on him.
And Hayes, he stepped up and rifled like eight of them by.
Wait, have you ever done that with Fred Schmitt?
No, I haven't.
I haven't.
So when are we going down to New York?
Yeah, we're going to go down.
Yeah, when are we?
I don't know.
He told me.
He told us.
I don't know.
I know it's not polite to invite yourself somewhere.
I know we generally should get invited to anyone.
If you want to go somewhere, people would invite you down and say, hey, why don't you
come down?
He invited me.
He invited me.
Why don't you come down?
We'll put you up at a hotel or something for a couple of days.
We've got a couple of days of work.
Maybe we can start getting some face time in the studio instead of like all these fucking
interns doing it.
Hey, what do I know?
What do I know?
I'm just a little senior.
I say we show up.
Just show up one day.
Nah, that's a bad plan.
I'm kind of intimidated.
If I learn one thing, don't ever just show up with anything to do at Boston.
Make sure you got everything in stone before you fucking show up.
Not a good plan.
But anyways, that was
a good moment to see the young
kid. Okay, what
do we got? Oh, All Right Hamilton?
All Right Hamilton, yeah. Like I said, I'm
on about four hours sleep, man.
We got some good ones. Yeah, I'm a little fucking
slow today. Don't mind me. I'm good, though.
All right, so
first, Ryan, I wanted to ask you this because, well, it's more aimed at you because I don't really know what'm good though um all right so so first ryan i wanted to ask you this
because well it's more aimed at you because i don't really know what it is and it seems like
it was pretty important um i can't say the shire liar says stool chicklets hey wick can you talk
about your transition from playing and how important organizations like chapter five are
what's chapter five i don't know know. I thought it was one of those
organizations that help out
posts. I have no idea.
I think that's Dan Carcillo's
organization. Oh, is that his?
I'm pretty sure that's Dan Carcillo's
that help players. Oh, if that's the case,
I actually talked to Carcillo.
I'm 90 sure that it's Dan Carcillo's.
We've gotten a few questions about
it before, so I figured I'd ask.
I think that's great.
What's happening with that?
Because I get, it's funny, like before I had ever played professionally,
when you hear stories about old pro athletes who are really struggling
when their career ends, whether it be with like drinking or having no money,
just like stuff that in the end is kind of their fault but
i would always be like whatever the guy played pro sports what the fuck it is carcelos yeah it
is carcelos but now since i played you can see like it's kind of it's a tough transition i mean
there's times um when you just really miss like not necessarily the game i'm sure some people
miss miss the game a lot but you miss like just being around the guys. The camaraderie.
The camaraderie of friends.
So people struggle, especially with concussions and all that.
So I see it, and it kind of hits more to home for me to see people going through that.
But that's why Carcillo's thing is so good, to be able to help people who otherwise really wouldn't know where to go or what to do.
Have you had any struggles since you stopped playing?
Did you have a lot of adjustments?
Yeah, I can't hit a five iron.
I can't hit a green.
You're the best.
I can't hit a green in regulation.
See, that's your version of it.
No, but Kars, I think, is doing a great job in helping guys
who maybe dropped out of high school and they're playing junior, right?
What are they going to do?
They don't know really where to go, and that's an awesome thing.
I'm glad that we brought that up.
We'll have to tweet out that, too.
He was spurred on a lot of that from his friend Steve Montador,
who died about a year and a half ago.
He was real close.
He went through a lot of stuff.
Like you just said, he was one of those guys who played a hard-nosed game.
He fought a lot growing up through the ranks, had concussion issues,
and those seem to often dovetail into the substance abuse issues.
And that's just such a bad combination to have the depression that comes with a traumatic brain injury,
and then you compound it with drug abuse and alcohol abuse, and these guys just become
and then you add on the top of it, like you were just saying, just the whole losing the monotony you've been used to in life,
the whole system, the whole buses and planes.
You don't know what to do.
You've done this thing.
Your whole identity as a hockey player and that gets taken away and it's like,
what the fuck do I do now?
And especially, like you said, if you were a high school dropout, that's all you ever did.
And actually there was an article and we can tweet it out off the Chicklets account.
I hope you're right.
These donkeys hit me.
We're not going to tweet out one of them.
We're just going to put clips of the U.S. game tonight.
But there's an article in the Chicago paper, and it's about former Blackhawks.
And the Casillo was one of the main interviews, but also Nick Boynton, who played in Boston for a period.
He's doing well.
He's doing a lot better, but he's a guy who struggled a lot because he'd get out and he was kind of lost
and what do I do?
He's doing radio now for the Coyotes.
Good for him. Yeah, but he
had a hard time adjusting to it.
I think he's still probably adjusting to it, but
it's good that
Costillo, and I know
fans of certain teams, you can quibble with
some of the things he did for his career, but you can't
say anything about the guy now.
To take something as close as a close friend dying,
and that's such a hard thing to deal with,
but then to take that and to turn it into something positive,
it's so fucking easy to say you want to do that,
but to go and put the energy behind it and the manpower,
it's really a hell of a testament for Castillo doing that for his friend.
But more importantly is that it gets  I mean, you know,
hockey is fucking about as macho culture as it comes after probably football,
I would say.
And for any time that you can introduce to tell guys, like, you know,
it's okay to fucking talk to somebody or, you know,
because guys aren't going to just do it.
Guys, we're not wired necessarily to share our feelings,
especially in a macho culture.
But if it can help a guy who maybe pulls a guy aside and goes to a room or encourages a guy to go in his room and cry his eyes out for 10 minutes.
And he feels better.
Even like something as simple as that.
We'll see.
I was waiting for that.
That was on cue.
But no, Sarah, there are all these things that kind of tie into mental health.
And it's a good thing that Dan's doing.
So we applaud him for doing that.
I do feel bad.
I didn't know that.
I kind of forgot it was called Chapter 5.
I kind of blindsided you with that.
Yeah, thanks a lot, dude.
But Montador, great guy.
Awesome.
Suggested one time.
I met him one time, and he had a beautiful sleeve on his  he's got a beautifully done sleeve tattooed on.
Yeah, I know.
And I asked him about it, and he said,
my mother told me she'd kick me out of the house if I got the tattoo.
My mother still loves me.
That's exactly what I thought when I got my tattoo.
There you go.
A tattoo.
So Monty helped you.
That's great.
It all comes together.
If you're under 18, or even if you're of age,
don't ask your fucking parents for a tattoo.
You ask for forgiveness, not permission.
Tattoos. And wives. Always ask for forgiveness, not permission. And wives.
Always ask for forgiveness from your wife, not permission.
Oh, I thought you meant permission.
Okay, that's the whole thing.
Number two, Mikey.
All right, so going back to the USA World Junior team,
Michael Feeney asked,
who is you guys' MVP of the World Junior team for USA,
and who is your overall tourney MVP?
All right, Hamilton.
For USA right now, I want to say Clayton Keller because Clayton Keller probably, I mean, he is their MVP.
He's been the best player for Team USA, but I love McAvoy.
I love that kid.
First of all, I went to BU, so I'm biased against him,
but he's been such a beast on the blue line.
He skates unbelievably well.
He hammers guys.
He's been great running the power play up top.
So I like Charlie McAvoy as my team MVP for USA.
And of the tournament, I don't know.
It depends on who wins tonight.
I really don't think that you're going to give it out to a
do they even give the MVP out of that tournament?
Yeah.
They do an MVP after every game.
Oh, they do player of the game.
I don't know if they did MVP.
Yeah, I don't know.
It's going to come down to tonight.
I'll go with Parsons, even if...
I don't know.
I'm always sucking for a goalie.
I mean, a game like last night,
a goalie's got to be one of your best players
to get it to a shootout.
With your Tim Thomas undies on.
I might go play with that DVD now.
So, yeah, I'll go with the goalie, Parsons.
I mean, it's tough for me to choose between Clayton Keller and Colin White
because I think both of those two kids have been studs,
scoring huge goals at huge times.
Yeah, I know.
They've both been just dynamic offensively.
It's great to see.
Dominant, dominant, to be honest.
We'll go with White.
We'll go with Whitey.
So next question.
Brandon Lemire says,
now that we're on to 2017,
stool chicklets, now that we're on to 2017, are there any
big names you see getting traded before the
February deadline?
I can't
believe this talk's already started. That's crazy.
Yeah, I was looking at names the other night.
Aginla will get dealt.
That's funny.
Do you want me to throw some names out there that have been talked about?
Yes, chuck them at us.
Landiskog is a name that's been thrown out there.
Aginla, I heard you talking about Aginla on your radio show.
Hey, you do a great job on your Boston radio show, by the way.
Thank you.
I'm not supposed to talk about it.
I'm on the other side of the coach.
I'm on the other side of the coach right now.
Cranking each other off.
So, Landis Cog, Duchesne is a guy.
Duchesne would need to  that guy is an awesome scorer.
He's not the issue in Colorado.
For them to trade him, they're not going to give him away unless they get a really good defenseman.
Colorado. For them to trade him,
they're not going to give him away unless they get a really good defenseman. Jacob Truba is a guy
that is mentioned
and maybe you see a swap there.
I think Truba, I don't think
Winnipeg would sign
him only to deal.
Well, they signed him for a bridge deal.
They stink.
I don't know.
I'm surprised that they're not better.
Winnipeg.
Winnipeg.
Oh, Winnipeg.
Colorado really stinks.
Fucking awful, dude.
Seriously, what the fuck happened to them so bad?
I know Patty Y had them overplaying in all the course he nerds predicted they were going to fall.
That was true.
That's why the people who go against stats and those shooting percentage combined with save percentage,
all that different stuff, it matters because people called the year Colorado when they were great.
They'd be bad again.
And they called it with Calgary the year they were good a couple years ago.
Yeah, I mean, I'm looking at that, Ross.
I mean, if you're going to  you mentioned names like Landis, Gogg, Duchesne.
Those guys, they're under contract for the next couple years.
I mean, I don't see why  I mean, unless Colorado wants to send a statement,
the proverbial statement to the rest of the lineup.
But, I mean, do you really want to send statements to guys like Rene Bork and Cody McLeod?
I wouldn't move them.
I wouldn't move those guys.
Landisgaard's the captain there.
He's young.
He signed through 2020-21.
He hasn't produced the way that they thought he would.
I could see if they could get something back, they would trade him.
He doesn't make, like, crazy money.
He makes five and a half.
I love how we say that's not crazy money.
Yeah, I know.
But they're going to have to do something.
I mean, they're going to have to do something there.
That team is just a mess.
And I think, you know, it's probably time to take a look at the front office.
I mean, Joe Sackett, great wrist shot.
Some of his hairstyles over the years have been a little Western.
Great snapper.
Great snapper.
Great snapshot, great wrist shot.
But his GM skills have been under the gun a little bit.
Him and Patty Waugh, his buddy, had a little pissing match,
and Pat Waugh left town.
But, yeah, it's just not a good team right now.
And if you're Colorado, the future doesn't look great.
And if you're a gambler, bet the shit against them. Yes that's very true i don't know we got i i what we got other
names yeah you got any other i don't really know other names one more one more um ask all right
we'll go into that um near the deadline then yeah i think i think uh especially with the expansion
yeah it's too early you can just name every fucking unrestricted guy now exactly what we do
so uh last question here because i know we're going to get into this a little later, Ryan.
Well, Michael Lewis wants to know, how was your experience playing in the Winter Classic,
and what are players' opinions playing in outdoor games?
They love them.
They're fun.
It's something to break away from the 82 game grind that's a little different.
I was probably part of one of the cooler games with the snow coming down.
No question.
In Buffalo.
No question.
It was like the perfect scenario of the outdoor classic.
And then Crosby, of all people, scores the winning shootout goal.
I loved it.
Great jerseys, that team.
Great baby blues.
But we didn't win a game at home in those jerseys that year.
Really?
That was like the only game we won when we wore them,
so they got rid of them pretty quickly.
But it was so awesome to walk down and just see the stadium full.
As a fan, I can't stand them now because they're so overly,
there's so many of them.
But players love them all because it's still just a different experience for you.
I wrote about that two reasons.
People are like, oh, these are fucking worn out.
I'm like, yeah, but if you're going, if you've got tickets to the game.
If you're going to the game, you love it, and you're playing it, it's awesome.
It's just the viewership maybe isn't as great as it was in the beginning.
To me, it's like, you know what?
What the fuck else is on New Year's Day to watch on TV except for shitty ball games?
Freezing.
I had hand warmers in my gloves.
I was like the only guy being a baby with that shit.
Shocker.
I had to play in the pouring rain at Fenway.
Think about that.
We're going to get into that.
We're going to get into your fucking stat line in that game soon.
All right, so is that it for...
That's it for All Right Hamilton.
That's it for All Right Hamilton.
All right, moving on.
Actually, I got...
Look at him.
He's like giggling over here.
Last week, I was...
I did a really off the cuff last week. So they weren't my best last week.
You were fucked up last week, too.
I remember you were just like.
Yeah, I was.
I just these fucking early morning wake up calls.
Don't do me good, man.
Well, dude, you tweet movies that you're watching.
No, I wasn't better.
I wasn't better early last night, too.
I just fucking.
What's early for you?
Two?
Seriously?
Yeah.
You watch movies usually from what?
Two to four?
Yeah, usually.
No, if TV double. We two to four? Yeah, usually. If I have TV to watch.
We need to have that on Facebook Live.
Maybe we can get a recording of R.A. watching a movie.
No question.
We have to do that.
We have to do that.
You can get play-by-play.
Life's sweet.
Okay, I bet your Rocky gets knocked out here.
All right, here we go.
Ask a millennial with these fucking young hoppers over here who don't know dick all about pop culture for the last 40 years,
and I'm here to bust their balls about it.
The point of the thing is not for them to answer the questions.
It's to educate them.
Mikey, that's just for the fucking viewers out there who tell us,
these guys suck.
I'm like, that's the point.
It's to make fools out of them.
Grinnelli, this is easy.
Blade Runner.
Oh, it's a movie.
Okay.
Who's in it?
Anything more?
I've seen it.
I know I've seen it before.
Okay.
But you don't know who's in it. But I don't know who's in it? Anything more? I've seen it. I know I've seen it before. Okay. But you don't know who's in it.
But I don't know who's in it.
Black guy actor.
Wesley Snipes.
Black guy actor.
Blade.
I don't know if you guys are being racist right now.
Blade Runner.
No, Blade Run.
That's Blade.
Oh, that's what it is.
Oh, because he's black.
He runs or something.
Is that what you're saying?
No, Blade.
That's Blade. That's Oh, because he's black. He runs or something. Is that what you're saying? No, Blade. That's Blade.
That's the vampire of Wesley Snipes.
Blade Runner is the 1982 sci-fi classic directed by Ridley Scott starring Harrison Ford.
Fuck, David.
Haven't seen it.
Don't act like fucking Blade Runner is some undiscovered joke.
No, I've heard of it.
I've heard of it.
It's a monster.
I don't think I've heard of it.
I think I've heard of Blade. Well, of course you did because you said Wesley fucking Snipes. No, I said Black Guy it. I've heard of it. It's a monster. I don't think I've heard of it. I think I've heard of Blade.
Well, of course you did because you said Wesley Snipes.
No, I said Black Guy.
I didn't know.
I said Snipes.
All right.
Whatever.
All right.
So, all right.
Next one.
This can give two answers, but two acceptable answers.
Mikey, Wise Guy.
Wise Guy.
Oh, that's from the
Three Stooges
Isn't it
Yeah
Yeah my
My curly imitation
Wasn't what the wise guy
Was referring to though
I was just saying
You know
Hold on
You know a wise guy
Is a guy in the mob right
Yeah
This isn't a generic term
This is a specific
Pop culture
Did you know that
Yeah
You didn't know that
No I didn't know that
So
I didn't
I pretended like I didn't.
You didn't know why?
You're a fucking beautiful dude.
You didn't know mobsters were called wise guys?
Monsters?
Mobsters.
Oh, mobsters.
No, I didn't know they were called wise guys.
All right, so you don't know.
Maybe I did.
Maybe I did.
So wise guy.
I think he did.
He's just fucking with us.
I think I did.
So wise guy, you're saying you don't know.
No.
One of the two possibilities.
Over to you, Ryan.
I know that a wise guy is a mobster.
Okay.
That's not incorrect, but. He's a wise guy is a mobster. Okay. That's not incorrect.
He's a wise guy.
Wise guy, true or acceptable, the one I was going for.
Wise guy is the Nicholas Pelleggi book that Goodfellas was based off of.
Okay.
It was a book that came out in the 80s.
Awesome book.
So to me, I got that 100 right.
And you're on mine?
Sure.
But no, when you see Goodfellas, based on the movie
Wise Guy by Nicholas Pelleggi, awesome book.
If you've never read it, it's way more...
Is that a true story?
Get out of my house right now. Goodfellas is a true story.
That was sarcasm.
You fuck.
Awesome book.
It's Goodfellas, the whole story,
soup to nuts, all the extra details.
Henry Hill, like Jimmy the Gent, all those guys
Pauly, all those guys were real guys
Just all the stories, it's crazy
Another good gangster book if you're into New York gangsters
Read the Westies, they made that movie
Stay the Grace off of it
Not a great movie, a decent movie
But if you're into gangster books, the Westies, give that a whirl
Alright, next up
Next up, oh, I'm sorry
The other second wise guy would have accepted.
I'm sorry.
The 1980s CBS show starring Ken Wall was also a wise guy.
My mom used to call me a wise guy if I used to.
Well, wise guy if you're being a fucking smartass to your parents.
You're a fresh prick.
You're a fucking fresh prick.
You're a wise guy.
But no, that's such a city thing.
Then there's the wise guys in Vegas.
I'm from Boston.
Then there's the wise guys in Vegas who dictate the lines, you know?
All right, next up.
In situ, you're being mis misbehaved Karma chameleon
Pussies
Karma chameleon
Oh I've heard of this one before
Isn't it a song?
It's a song
Is that your final answer?
Yeah it's a song
He says
Karma karma karma karma
Karma chameleon
Chameleon
You did go to BU didn't you?
That's what I thought
That's what I thought
Karma chameleon
That piece of shit song.
It's a fantastic song.
Culture Club by Boy George.
Remember Boy George's group, Culture Club?
That guy just passed away, right?
That was George Michael.
That was the other gay English guy named George who sang a lot of songs.
All right, Barstool Confession, you're going to punch me in the face.
I thought George Michael was Bret Michaels at first.
When he first died.
Wrestler?
No, Bret Michaels, the guy.
He was a singer, wasn't he?
Oh, every rose has its own.
Yeah.
Oh, the Bret Michaels with the fake hair and the headband.
I thought the WWE.
No.
Well, there's no.
Bret Michaels is a wrestler, too.
I'm not a wrestler, guys.
George Michael.
We're all over the place.
George Michael.
George Michael died.
Boy George is still with us.
And he sings, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Boy George, big culture club guy.
Huge monster hit.
Last one. Do you listen to that? Like, when you're doing, like, grilling out in the summer?
When I got my headphones on, dude,
80s, serious 80s, dude.
That fucking takes you back, dude.
Sometimes nostalgia is a confident blanket
and sometimes we need it. Shout out to Sirius Radio.
Shout out to Sirius Radio.
Hey, Barstool. Shout out.
12-2 on Rush 93.
Oh, look at that.
We missed them.
One more left.
This one, I got an
0 for 2, but I got to
ask it.
All right.
Mikey, Karen
Allen.
I'm going to say
one of the chicks
from Dorchester that
you piped in
Cancun.
I was going to
say it's some girl
working at Rite Aid
on Broadway.
Karen Allen.
Karen Allen.
Who is she?
Karen Allen.
No.
I'm fucking laughing
at Grinnell.
That's...
I was going on a route
like that,
but that was even better
than what I had.
That would have been great
if I did throw
like a hot Dutch
that's the bread
I laid pipe
through 20 years ago
and that'd be pissing.
But no.
Karen Allen
starred in
probably the greatest comedy
of all time
and probably the greatest
action-adventure movie
of all time.
She was
Katie in Animal House,
Boone's girlfriend,
the one,
like the one cool,
well,
the one chick basically
in Animal House.
No such thing as a cool girl,
but yeah.
Wow, dude,
you're just all about
the fucking hate today.
And she was also
Indiana Jones buddy's daughter, his slash underage lover, Marion Ravenwood.
So two all-time hits.
Two all-time hits.
And then that was it for her?
No, no, no.
She did a lot more after that.
Obviously, Animal House's Titanic comedy and fucking Raising the Lost Ark Arguably the best Action movie of all time
She's in both of those
Great actress
She was in a lot of other stuff
In the 80s
She still works
I just saw her in something
Not too long ago
Oh yeah yeah
I remember this girl
She was in Starman
That movie with Jeff Bridges
Comes to Earth
And like kind of
Forms of her
Former husband who just died
And kind of another
Wacky sci-fi film
But yeah look at it
I mean
She was in Screwed
She was just in something
Not too long ago.
I just saw her in two.
She's been around a while.
Great actor.
But all right, we kind of got that one.
No, you guys went 0 for 2.
But I did like Grinnelli's guess.
We did not kind of get that one.
Karen Allen.
That does definitely sound like a broad from the hood.
I might have fooled around with that.
Sounds like it.
A little stinky.
All right, anyone else you want to piss off today, Ryan, before we go?
No.
I'm actually interested to hear about Mikey.
How his game went.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Fenway.
Frozen Fenway.
Dude, I felt bad.
I woke up that morning.
It was pouring.
Oh, my gosh.
Everyone was asking about you.
What?
Everyone was asking about you over there, asking why you weren't playing.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Everyone wanted you to play.
Fuck, man.
You don't always leave them wanting more.
Exactly. You show up and suck. Man of mystery. I don't want you to play. Fuck, man. It always leaves them wanting more. Exactly.
Because you show up and suck.
Man of mystery.
They want you to play.
Man of mystery.
It was great.
It was the worst ice conditions I've ever played in my entire life.
So you haven't told us your stats yet.
Goal and two assists.
Okay.
What was the score of the game?
5-3.
Oh, all right, dude.
And you won?
Yeah.
No, we lost.
You factored into every one of your team's goals?
Of course I did.
Dude, I loved them.
Who played net for the other team?
I'm not sure.
I mean, I'm going to be honest.
I was one of the best guys on the ice.
They had a mask on.
I couldn't tell.
I fucking love that you're being honest and saying you're one of the best.
Your gear wear.
I came into this.
I was probably the best guy on the ice.
Your gear wear was awesome.
I was probably the best guy on the ice. Your gear wear was awesome. I was very surprised.
I didn't know if you'd be like a fucking guy with a shoelace around his shin pad.
Some piece of shit like that.
You looked good.
Skates looked tight and fresh, man.
I was shocked.
I was shocked at how good you looked in your gear.
Can I say, every single person I've talked to about this game, every one of my friends, my brothers, you even asked me,
first question I get asked,
so is Fidobert good at hockey?
He was good. He was probably
one of the best guys on the ice.
He could definitely play. Were there people who
couldn't skate? No, yeah, there was a bunch of people that couldn't
skate at all.
Hopefully you went around
them and toe dragged them.
I'm lifting sticks And there was yard sales
And
Oh yeah
But you couldn't carry the puck
Because there was like
Two inches of
Was it raining during the game?
Yeah it was pouring
Pouring during the game
There was like two inches
You couldn't carry the puck
Yeah that sucks
Because there was like
Two inches of water
That sucks
I've never played on the ice conditions
But
Just skating around
And looking up at Fenway Park
Yeah
It was the coolest thing
What was your goal like?
I have a video of it.
It was on Nessun.
It was on Nessun.
So this will be the first thing to go on Stool Chick.
Let's forget all the other stuff we mentioned.
I actually saw you retweet the picture.
Yeah, you went shelf coming down the slot, right?
Yeah, coming down.
That warrior stick.
Yeah, I was going to say shout out to Warrior Hockey hooking me up head to toe.
Glove, stick, the whole nine yards.
Yeah, I got a nice pass on a two or three on one,
and the goalie was sliding left.
I toe dragged it and bought it in, put it upstairs.
Ain't no thing.
Mama keeps the cookies.
So, like, what, did you get buckled after?
Like, were there drinks in the locker room after before?
There were drinks in the locker room after.
Not before, though, guys?
Did you do a dynamic warm-up?
I saw Feidelberg had a few beers before.
Of course he did.
Of course he did.
Yeah, I mean, a bunch of guys were drinking before.
But overall, I mean...
Great experience?
Great experience.
You know, guys that I wouldn't expect to be able to...
That were good at...
Like, Wiggy. Wiggy is a good hockey player. Is he? Oh, yeah. For people who don't know, guys that I wouldn't expect to be able to  that were good at  like, Wiggy.
Wiggy is a good hockey player.
Is he?
Oh, yeah, for people who don't know, this is a former Patriots tight end.
Dude, Jermaine Wiggins.
Yeah, Patriots tight end.
I see.
There's a funny Wiggy story.
Actually, it happened right around the block from here.
He's from East Boston, right?
He's from East Boston, right?
Okay.
Wiggy.
This was in South Boston, which is not East Boston.
This is probably 91, 92.
And there's a league in Boston.
I don't even know if it exists anymore.
But back in the day, it was called the BNBL, Boston Neighborhood Basketball League.
Now, Boston is not probably known for its basketball too much.
But it was actually a very competitive city league.
Every neighborhood had their own league.
Basically, there were 16 neighborhood leagues.
Their own team?
Huh?
Their own team? No, there would be a league in each neighborhood. Like Charleston had its own league. Basically, there were 16 neighborhood leagues. Their own team? Huh? Their own team?
No, there would be a league
in each neighborhood.
Like Charlestown had
its own neighborhood.
Oh, no shit.
Charlestown had its own league.
Celtic had its own league.
But then each neighborhood
would have their own playoffs
and one team from each neighborhood
would meet for a tournament.
A city championship?
A city, yeah.
It's pretty cool.
A BNBL championship.
I like that.
It was 15 and under,
19 and under.
And like what happened
in the way they bracketed it,
we used to joke and call it the white bracket
because Charlestown, the not then,
Southie and Eastie were always in the same bracket.
And it was like, oh, only one white team is going to move on.
It was like the running joke.
Well, one year.
And then they'd get run over.
One year it was Southie and Eastie were playing.
It was like for the city title.
And Wiggy was like 16, I think, playing on like the 1900 team.
And he was a monster.
I mean, he was like a hothead.
He'd come over and played here.
And, you know, it was a pretty volatile crowd.
I mean, coming into South Boston, let me see, early 90s,
no matter what, if you were on Eastie, Charlestown, Dorchester,
it can be an intimidating place.
So it's different than when I get my Starbucks latte now?
Oh, a little bit.
A little bit different.
So Wiggy's there, and Salty's starting to take the lead.
He's starting to get really animated and aggravated,
and it's just getting the crowd more into it,
and the crowd's giving him more shit, and he's getting aggravated,
and he gets slapped with a T, and the crowd goes nuts.
It's like anarchy in there.
The crowd's going nuts, and then fucking Wiggy looks up at the crowd,
and he calls the whole fucking bleachers down on him.
And being South Boston are they obliged them they fucking chased wiggy
and like they all just everyone just started running down many people dozens like it had to
be dozens and you know it was like and it wasn't just the whole team it was basically that they
were losing they started getting a little pouty the crowd you know when the crowd gets into it
they start antagonizing them and it was one of those like give and take. And Wiggy, I mean,
he called the crowd down.
Like I said,
you're in South Boston.
They obliged.
Chased the whole team out of it.
No one got beat up.
But because the next day
the Herald, it was like,
you know,
Eastie team chased out
a salty thing.
And I was like,
yeah, you know what?
They egged the thing on.
They started being whiny
and spoiled sports.
And then, you know,
one of your players
eggs on a whole neighborhood
and encourages them
to come down to the bleachers.
Well, be careful what you wish for.
Yeah, I punched him.
It was hilarious.
But it was funny, man.
Wiggy, because I know he had like a reputation when he came over.
He was one of the best young basketball players in the city.
Guy's an athlete.
I mean, he could play.
Yeah, he was.
He was a hell of a ball player.
He could play.
He had a nice shot.
They knew who Wiggy was around the city back in the day for sure.
But anyways, that was a hell of a day, man.
It was funny.
We were out drinking all night.
Then the Herald got dropped off like 3 in the morning.
I remember we were buying the paper after reading the story.
Like, this is bullshit.
Of course, the Herald made Seldy look awful naturally.
But anyways, so that's our Wiggy story for the day.
Wiggy story.
Tell them to listen, dude.
I will.
I will tell them to listen.
Well, dude, that's great.
I mean, at least you got some points.
If you hadn't got any points, dude, you were done.
Yeah.
And your gear wear, I can't go over it.
I feel like you'd still be playing, dude, looking like that.
Oh, yeah.
Like I texted you earlier, look good, feel good, play good.
Exactly.
That's what it's all about.
It's all about the style.
I don't look great, though.
Stop looking at me like that.
No, no.
I was in a high jacket again.
When I played at Demi Rolz, I did.
I'm just fucking stoned. When I played at Demi Rolz, I'm just fucking stoned.
When I played at Demi Rolz, I was college.
I didn't have my own equipment up there.
I played my first game as a joke.
Were you a goalie?
No, because I couldn't wear skates.
I couldn't do the skate thing for goalie.
Street hockey, yeah.
Every game was like one of our roommates would suit up
and play as a joke.
My turn was up, so I brought all the equipment.
Then I'm like, this is fun.
I want to do it next week.
They're like, yeah, all right.
We could use a guy.
So I used to get the equipment off my buddy who was the captain of the team.
So I'd come out of the locker room, head to toe, North Adams, all the fresh gear.
Then I'd get out there and fucking splat like Bambi on the ice.
So I got to disagree.
You look good.
Play good, Mikey.
Sorry.
You need to be able to skate.
Somebody take the microphone out of my forehead right now. You look good. Play good, Mikey. Sorry. I'm done. Fucking story hours all of us. I'm going to take the microphone on my forehead right now. I'm going to put it out of my misery.
We will be back next week with a special guest,
Paul Bissonette. I think everyone will be excited.
And by the way, we did say last week that we'd have the
U.S. Junior guys, but they played today.
They're playing for goddamn gold for our
country. America. Americans
are listening. So we're not going to have that maybe in the
future when they take it home tonight. But Biz next
week, he's fired up. He might join us for the whole episode. Get him involved. He's going to be that maybe in the future when they take it home tonight. But Biz next week, he's fired up.
He might join us for the whole episode, get him involved.
He's going to be all over you with some of your Ask a Millennial questions.
He might know them all, too.
He's a smart motherfucker.
Yeah.
But we're looking forward to having him next week.
Absolutely.
Big guest next week.
And shout out to all the listeners that did tune into that live chat on Facebook Live.
Should I start going on that, answering questions?
Well, yeah.
We'll talk more after this.
I got a few ideas for you.
I got a few cool ideas.
I'm actually going down to Florida.
Can we both be on Skype?
When are you going to Florida?
Yeah.
Next week.
So we're fine with that.
Yeah, that's fine.
All right, cool.
We'll make it work.
As long as I get a new fucking router by then.
Thank you very much, as always.
We appreciate it.
We love doing this.
We love you more
Subscribe
Review
Smash all those buttons
Do all that stuff
Let us know how you feel
Keep listening
Let us know
Blah blah blah
Let us know
He said
Alright
Peace out
Take care everybody You used to be so sweet, I heard you say That my love was only for you
