Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. I love you. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 121 of...
11 times 11.
Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
There's our special little mathematician Rain Man in the corner.
Say hi to him for us.
Ryan Whitney, what's going on, brother?
How are you?
It's happy Halloween to everyone out there.
What a day it's been.
Halloween, that's right, too.
Mikey Grinelli, I don't see you dressed up.
No festivities down in New York tonight?
I do.
He's an Italian little Guinea little blowout New York City kid.
No, my question is, you know, happy Halloween, boys.
But, Biz, do you take special exception
to this holiday because you
permanently inked it on your arms?
I do like
Halloween. I just haven't had the
ability to celebrate in a few years
because I've been working my dick off.
Obviously, now we've got the podcast
so I have basically another full-time job,
especially with putting R.A. on my back
every episode.
Look at Witt's just ready to chime in, so I'll hand it off.
No, honestly, if you have a pumpkin on your arm for life via tattoo,
you would think today would be your Super Bowl.
I know.
Honestly, it's pathetic.
I feel like you should just be like jumping out of the
bushes at people and then like you're like dude i got a pumpkin on my arm as a tattoo they'd be
like oh i get it man i understand oh yeah free cover charge uh honestly i think it doesn't matter
how much money i ever make i'm i'll still be considered white trash considering i have a
jack-o'-lantern on my wrist jackass or or-o-lantern. Or should I say five of them?
Whit, was it your kids' first Halloween?
Oh, yeah.
Took them to three houses.
I actually took a lot of heat tonight because the first house,
well, actually all the houses, you know, I would just grab the candy,
and I took Milk Duds one time.
My wife was all over me calling me a piece of shit.
Who takes, is Milk Duds that bad of a choice?
They do get shit on.
I like them myself, but people think they're trash.
I know they're fucking trash.
Fucking self-show boy over here.
Are those the ones with the caramel in the middle?
Yeah, they're phenomenal, I think.
She looked at me and she goes, you're a piece of shit for taking those.
I'm a huge fan.
Who am I supposed to say that?
And then her friend was agreeing with me.
Either way, it was pretty cool.
Yeah, you know, it's a good neighborhood I live in.
The kids just running around made me just remember back to the time I was like Mike Greenwell from the Red Sox.
I'd pretend to slide into first base.
That was like my costume.
We got a little more Halloween shit later when we do All Right Ham.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We got a bunch of Halloween.
We broke up your intro. We broke up your intro.
We broke up your intro. Sorry, buddy.
That's all right. Our fourth member, Paul Bissonnette.
Welcome. I never got the intro.
I mean, you sound like you're pretty perky
tonight. Oh, I mean, I feel
phenomenal right now. I really do.
You sound great, energetic.
I saw the bookie today, and I just
crushed that sock series. Congratulations
to us
grinnelly and rear admiral we're uh we're uh world champions um that's our 11th title since 2001 i
believe um so to be from boston is a special feeling and when you win money i mean i don't
know how local bookies have been been in business the last 11 years around here so congrats to us
and uh the boston red socks because it's
just special hey listen i could i don't have a skin in the game i could carry either either way
and i and i don't really like baseball but like to do what you guys have done in this short time
it's insane in in today's age with how many teams there are two in the parody i mean i get that baseball there's no
salary cap so like boston's usually going to be always pretty decent but i mean christ boston
will always be i mean they got the highest payroll uh i just think that it'll never happen again
what's what's going on in the city of boston it's a great sport city of all time and the and the
craziest thing is the patriots are thought of as this dynasty they are.
They have five titles since 2001.
Well, the Sox now have four since 2004.
So they're right there.
The Patriots are a little bigger in Massachusetts now.
I don't know if you guys agree with that.
Definitely.
People are going to hate the beginning of this podcast, but I just love it.
And I don't know.
I don't think that this will ever really happen again.
It's just it's been the fact that there's like my grandfather
and so many people's grandfathers or fathers or whatever never saw titles
or were 60 years old before they saw their first title,
and now there's 11.
It's just like
I don't want to take anything away from sports teams who
won championships when there was like six teams in the league but it's a little more relevant now
can we agree on that i i have a couple good players who are just like so elite there's six
teams in the league yeah the yankees won all those titles there weren't even like black players in
the league like you know you gotta think about that a little bit but i think in 50
years people still look at these titles not the same as they look you know what i mean it's like
inflation in terms of no no i don't i think in 60 to 70 years people will be like those teams suck
because the sport will be so different you think that there's gonna be i guarantee you there will
never be another greater quarterback than tom brady ever ever in the NFL by the time he retires.
And I don't even like the Patriots.
I'm an Aaron Rodgers fan.
How the fuck could you  and, man, how many times has he been to the finals?
Seven?
No, he's lost three Super Bowls.
He's been there eight, and then he's lost a couple AFC titles games.
I agree with you.
Yeah.
But, dude, I'm telling you, people look at, like,
Johnny Unitas, or like, it just, as
time passes, people lose
respect for what those guys
did. Well, not with technology that there
is now. There's enough video to...
Although maybe Brady's different, because I think
in 50 years, people
will be like, oh, Tiger and Jack Nicklaus, like, those
numbers are unbeatable, so who knows? But let's
get into a little hockey. I'm sorry for... We almost deserve to gloat. We have, like, oh, Tiger and Jack Nicklaus, those numbers are unbeatable, so who knows? But let's get into a little hockey. I'm sorry for...
We almost deserve to gloat.
We have like three listeners right now.
So congrats to the ones
who made it. Yeah, and I'll get
blamed for bringing it up, too. No, no,
we won't blame RA on this one. We'll blame
RA when we talk about the Bruins' third
PK forward unit. Yeah, and
speaking of first story,
Charlie McAvoy is on the
injured reserve list.
That was a perfect fucking segue.
Can you say that without spitting
and laughing into the mic, please?
Okay, mom.
Sorry, I laughed.
It was fucking funny.
No, Charlie McAvoy,
we're going over not a lot of news
since Sunday.
It wasn't a lot that went on,
but Charlie McAvoy,
he took a thump up in Edmonton
a few weeks ago. The Bruins
put him on injury reserve. Let's talk about
it as an upper body. A lot of
scares about the information. Not much
known. We're not going to speculate here.
I'm assuming it's unrelated
to his heart issue. That's technically the upper body.
Go ahead, Rinelli. Did you guys see
Charlie McAvoy's Halloween costume?
No. What did he go with?
Unbelievably. He went as Chaz Michael Michaels.
Him and his girlfriend went as the guys
from Blades of Glory. And he went as
Chaz Michael Michaels in A+.
A++.
Posted on Instagram.
I'm sure he insulted us for doing
too much Boston Bruin stuff.
Already posted.
Wow, I gotta check that out.
There's a couple other injuries, isn't there?
Actually, one of the big news from the injured reserve,
Pecorine came off the injured reserve list.
He could start as early as, well, tonight, Thursday in Tampa Bay.
He had a pretty nice start at 2.10 goals against 929 save percentage.
UC Saros did a tremendous job while he was out.
Did you catch him wits in a few games?
You said you were watching him.
I mean, yeah, this guy, it's kind of,
it makes Nashville even that much better,
the fact that when you have a backup goalie who's that good,
depending on injury, and even if Rene had been healthy the whole year,
you know, you get this guy 25, 28 starts,
and you can rely on him every time.
So he's been great since Rene's been out.
They kind of are very fortunate to have two guys no matter what goes on
with injury and or, you know, hot and cold play.
And Saro Saint making a boatload of dough either
so they can spend it other places.
Boys, another injury in the goal.
Johnny Quick down with a meniscus.
Indefinite.
From what I read, indefinite, yeah.
So that's another big blow to the Kings.
Kings Twitter kind of overreacting, saying they need to go out and get a goalie.
They made a move this offseason to bring Peter Budai back.
He was originally with L.A., started in the minors, ended up coming up.
But I played with both him and Jack Campbell,
so they'll be sharing the duty in L.A. now.
A very good tandem, very good buddies, too.
I'll credit Dusty Emu, a little shout-out to our goalie coach
who was in the American League, worked with both these guys.
When Budai was there in 2015, 2016, he didn't win a game the year before.
He was in, where was he? He was in Nova Scotia. He
had a disastrous year. And this guy played some NHL games. He played in Colorado. He played in
Montreal a little bit, but he went down in the minors, but he struggled. He struggled mightily
and he couldn't find his confidence. Ends up coming over to Ontario.
I believe he was on a PTO to start the year.
Dusty Emu worked with him, helped with his confidence.
He ended up finishing that year.
I think he was goaltender of the year and runner-up for MVP.
He had 42 wins.
He had a 1.75 goals against average in the American League and a 9.32 save percentage.
He was, of course, an all-star.
And then the year after is when Jack Campbell came over from Dallas.
He was a first-rounder, 11th overall in the 2010 draft.
Never really found his game with the Stars organization.
He only ended up getting one NHL game,
but he ended up coming over in uh
when was it here i got the ontario 2016 2017 dusty emu helped him out as well he had a 2.52 goals
against average with a 9 uh 914 save percentage he had 31 wins that year and he was an all-star
as well so credit to the goalie coach in the American League for the Ontario Reign.
And now, of course, Bill Ranford, who's been helping them out as well at the NHL level.
So they got a couple good guys to help out Johnny Quick.
Yeah, but that team, I mean, they're in trouble, dude.
They have played very poorly.
They can't really score.
They've had trouble with every part of their game, giving up shots,
and now they lose, I mean, a star goalie.
So, you know, all of a sudden you could look at them in three weeks
and they pretty much could be out of the playoffs.
Thanksgiving is kind of the number or the time of the year when you look,
and I don't know the percentages, but I'd be surprised.
I bet you it's the teams in the playoffs at Thanksgiving around
I'm going to make a guess here.
Let's see how off or on I am.
65, 70 maybe are the ones who end up making the playoffs.
So that's a pretty good number in terms of knowing where you stand
once the end of November comes.
That's pretty fair.
One other thing I wanted to bring up is I've been getting asked this,
and we have as well on the Spittin' Chicklets Twitter,
what does money on the board mean?
For those of you who don't play hockey, or I guess even professional,
because that's where it starts anyway,
is money on the board is like for a guy who's going to be playing
against his old team, or like it's his first ever game,
or it's just a milestone he
hit 500 games or 200 games well you put up money on the board and if the team ends up winning it
goes into the fine fund for the next team party whether it's the halloween party end of the year
party uh always need some help at rookie parties we know how those go um usually you go over budget
so for instance if i played my 200th nhl game, I would have put probably, you know, 50 bucks on the board.
Nah, usually you match the number at least 200.
If you go below 100.
No, is it like five now?
Well, if you go below 100 at the National Hockey League level,
you're a piece of trash.
I would probably set it at 200.
Dude, if you had two digits on money on the board in the NHL,
you'd be booed straight out of the locker room.
Oh, yes, yes.
With that many, yeah.
I'd probably put 250.
But keep in mind, when you're making league minimum with escrow
and agency fees, if you're making 600, you're making like, I don't know,
maybe just under three.
It's not that much money, especially someone who doesn't have an education.
Well, especially someone who's's gonna rip it up all summer and and spend like 50k in july going to vegas 16 times like yourself i actually remember thinking uh putting big money on the
board and then if the team you know if you won and then you know you gotta pay the fine not the fine
you know you gotta pay your due I just remember always thinking to myself,
at these team parties, I am going to get my money's worth.
I'm going to crush drinks because my money's in there anyways.
A couple Opus Ones to go, please.
How are you? Open them up.
You don't even need to open them up.
Take them out the door.
You got Caymus?
You got Caymus?
Can you put those in a to-go bag, please?
One other note, too, guys.
Of course, we always mention it late.
Kelly Chase, longtime St. Louis Blue, longtime tough guy.
He'll be joining the podcast a little later for an interview.
You guys did.
What are we looking forward to there, boys?
Oh, we're looking forward to some funny stories from a guy who I think
he basically was everyone's favorite teammate.
You know, if you ask anyone to play with him, they all love Chaser.
And it's same goes for the younger guys now in the league.
A lot of guys around St. Louis that he's been, you know,
working with when he does the TV or the radio, whatever he had done.
And people just love being around him.
So he was gracious to come on with us.
And Biz made a good point of bringing up.
We go into it a little bit in the interview but uh kelly chase was a a huge part of the recovery for the after that humboldt broncos bush crash
um he actually i believe he played for the humboldt broncos um and you know i think that
we we go do a good job going into the fact of um how much you know how hard that was for him and
how much they've been able to try to do and help
out. So it was a good one.
Yeah. Credit to him. He played with Tyson Nash,
who has helped me immensely in the media part of my career.
He Tyson Nash in his first training camp with the blues took a run at Pavel
Dimitra and he clobbered him in the middle of the ice and ended up separating
his shoulder
in training camp that's how savage training camp training camps were back then and Kelly Chase went
over and uh or sorry Nashua was trying to go change and Kelly Chase like I'm gonna fucking
kill you and the coach for like the inner squad game wouldn't let Nashua change he's like nope
go back out there and he had to fight Kelly Chase.
And Tyson Nash ended up saying, hey, ask Chaser about the time
I beat him up in training camp, like jokingly,
because Kelly Chase was one tough customer,
and I think he fed him pretty good.
But Tyson Nash ended up making the team out of camp.
So that was one story I forgot to bring up in the interview.
It was unbelievable.
And before we get there, a few more things to touch
on. Jason Spezza,
another guy who's hit the 1,000
games. Holy shit.
We get a lot of 1,000 games guys here.
Three in the last month.
When I play with the Coyotes,
I believe we had five or
six guys to hit 1,000 games in
my five years there. That's expensive.
That's expensive.
Guys get some pretty six guys to hit a thousand games in my five years. That's expensive. That's expensive. Oh God.
Cause the guys, you know,
get some pretty cool gifts for a thousand games in Anaheim.
The fellas sent Horkoff and his wife to a sick winery in Napa for like
three,
four nights,
like nice gifts.
So biz,
you were probably like,
are you fucking kidding me?
I got,
I got three games.
I got to pay this guy to go on a thousand,
thousand game trip.
Every year I was there, there was one guy who hit a thousand game.
I think Steve Sullivan hit it with us.
Derek Morris, Adrian Akoin, Shane Doan.
And there was two other guys.
And every time it happens, it's a thousand bucks.
The whole team puts a thousand bucks in the pot and they end up getting him like a watch or something sentimental.
Of course, they got Shane Doan like a watch or or something sentimental of course
they got shamed on like a big embroidered saddle for his horses and i think they ended up getting
stan wilson the same one when he hit 15 games as a trainer and uh but uh very very cool gifts
keith yandall's just gonna ask for like jordans pairs of jord. But Jason Spezza, boys, pretty good career.
I mean, he obviously started in Ottawa, lit it up.
They had that magical cup run when they just fell short the one year.
And a great career.
Oh, my God.
Remember how filthy this guy was, dude?
Not was.
I mean, he's coming towards, I guess, the end of his career,
probably a couple more years, but oh, my God.
I mean, this is second overall pick.
It was similar to Bomeister.
Growing up, he was going to be the first overall pick,
and Kovalchuk came out of nowhere and kind of caught fire
in international tournaments, ended up being the first pick in 2001.
But Spezza, from the time he got into the league,
his skill was unmatched by a lot of people.
I think to a goal, oh, he scored against Sheldon Surrey.
He walked him in overtime one time, one of the sickest Spezza moves.
And I know I always bring up the lockout in 0405.
Look at his numbers that year.
He played in Binghamton, and he had a season.
He had 117 points that year, the league was phenomenal he led he led the
scoring by by by a mile so um just an incredible playmaker sick vision had the toe drag has the
toe drag of the ability to drag it out there he's six three six four pull it in uh has a better shot
than people realize but an incredible career and a guy that from the time he was 15 years old
was kind of always looked upon.
And, you know, people would talk about this kid's going to be an NHL superstar.
And he was.
He played double underage in the OHL.
Two years up, yeah.
Yeah, he was the biggest deal in Canada, I thought.
Yeah, played for the Canadian national team when he was just the biggest deal in Canada I thought yeah I played for the Canadian national team when he was 16 our uh the the world juniors I should say when he was 16 he was one of the guys who had
a cage out there yeah Paul he also had 326 goals 570 assists for 896 points in a thousand games
and that's a there's a stat we don't really talk about a lot of people in general is points per
game and I think that's a really good indicator of how much how much of an impact the guy had for his whole career and jason spetz a 0.90 points per
game a little bit on the one point per game that's pretty impressive yeah nowadays that's unbelievable
yeah this guy just he was a playmaker absolute playmaker uh boys another cool stat i have for
you moving away from spezza so congrats on on that 1,000 games. Sebastian Aho for the Carolina Hurricanes.
I hope I said his name properly.
He's tied Wayne Gretzky and Ken Linsman's?
Linsman.
The original Linsman.
I didn't know how to say his name.
He tied the record of a 12-game point streak to start an NHL season.
So he's got four goals and 13 assists
for 17 points right now.
A big reason why they've been doing pretty decent
and getting a good start there in Carolina.
That's pretty remarkable.
Super, super remarkable.
The other Sebastian Ajo is probably
pissed off.
He's from Sweden too. It's crazy.
I don't know if the other ones...
Is he still in the league? is he still in the league?
Is he playing in the league? Who knows?
He's not the level of player that the Finnish Sebastian Ajo is.
Well, speaking of Scandinavia,
the world premier games in Finland kick off tomorrow.
They're playing back-to-back, I believe, Grinnell?
Yeah.
And it's going to be between the Florida Panthers
and the Winnipeg Jets.
Of course, Barkov, who I thought was Russian up until hearing he was from Finland a few
days ago.
Yeah, Alexander Barkov doesn't exactly scream Finland.
No.
And then Patrick Laine are kind of the headliners to it.
They're playing off it.
Grinnell, if you could play the clip of the weird Finnish reporter question to Paul Maurice
so everyone can hear it.
So do we expect Laine to show Barkov who's the daddy here in Finland?
So welcome to Europe, eh?
I never get asked a question like that.
First of all, I'm not even sure what that means.
I'm old.
It'll be a great contest.
RA, I mean, you're the journalist here.
I mean, they don't ask questions like that in North America.
No, actually, I thought it might have been in North America.
And at first, just because of the phrase in the who's your daddy thing,
that seems like more of like a North American thing.
I remember when Pedro Martinez, here we go, Boston again,
when Pedro Martinez was talking about the Yankees and my daddy,
I guess we'll have to call him my daddy.
That's like, I think, the first time I ever heard it in a sporting context.
But yeah, it was a Finnish coach asking Paul Maurice, which is pretty funny.
But let me ask you guys, man, I can't imagine these players are too happy
about having to go to Finland.
It's November already.
Well, today's November, and they've got to go to Finland,
not even to start the season.
It's like a month in.
That must be a real pain in the ass for these guys, no?
Well, wait, you talked to Jens, didn't you?
Yeah, he said it was, you know, it's just tough with the time change, right?
I mean, you get over there and you don't have that much time.
I think it's cool.
Once you get into the game, it's always fun to break up, you know,
the long season, do something a little different.
But the travel, the amount of time you're in the plane,
and then, you know, trying to get back to East Coast time
when they do arrive home to play games at home,
it'll be annoying and a little tough.
I know Helsinki, though, if you can speak English,
you're like Justin Timberlake there.
So I'm sure that they'll have some fun.
I don't know if they'll get to go out even.
They might take off right after the game.
But I think it'll be all right.
It's annoying, but it's also pretty cool to break up, like I said, a long season.
Yeah, I just think at the beginning of
the season it's nice you go there you can have like you're like a mini training camp before it
starts usually better than what i when we did it both times we ended up playing a team from overseas
whether we were playing in sweden we went over to finland for exhibition game but uh yeah right
during the middle of the season i don't know it's uh's a tough way. It's a tough way to get back, get adjusted.
The time change throws you off for about a week and a half.
But, boys, I think that's good enough for pre-talk.
We're going to send it to Kelly Chase.
Unbelievable interview.
So hope you guys enjoy that.
And we'll bring it back with some parody talk.
This interview is brought to you by Thursday Boots.
Do you prefer clunky work boots or delicate fashion
boots? Cheap boots that fall apart after a few wears or shell and all 400 or more for a pair
of boots to get you through the winter months? Well, here's something that you might not know.
There is another option. That's where Thursday Boot comes in. Thursday Boot Company, a three-year-old
bootstrap startup that has been shaking up the industry by making really ridiculously high quality boots that they
sell direct to consumer at unbeatable prices. No joke. The brand started in 2014 and the name
Thursday came about because on Thursday you work hard, but it's also the unofficial start of the
weekend. Thursday boots are made with that versatility in mind. Durable enough to take
a serious beating and sophisticated enough to clean up for a date and looking good out at the bar.
Thursday boots are built for people who understand quality and want a good looking pair of boots that will last a few seasons.
Made in the same North American manufacturing facilities as the heritage brands your parents and grandparents wore that sell for two to three times the price of Thursday boots.
Thursday boots are not only a better value,
but they also use better materials too.
Like the famous chromo XL leather from the Horween tannery in Chicago.
That is the jet with prices starting at 149 and free shipping and returns.
Thursday boots are the best buy this winter.
And with their clean,
timeless design and durability,
Thursday boots will keep you standing confident for years to come while they don't do sales or discounts. boots are the best buy this winter and with their clean timeless design and durability thursday
boots will keep you standing confident for years to come while they don't do sales or discounts
head on over to thursdayboots.com and use the code free ship today that's free ship today to have a
pair on your doorstep by this thursday and the two in free ship today is just a number.
Well, folks, our next guest has not been on yet.
And I've been getting tons of questions, tons of requests for this man.
Tons of requests.
Oodles.
He's got over 400 NHL games played.
Actually 458 to be exact. This guy was one tough cookie from Saskatoon.
Or no, you're from Saskatchewan, not Saskatoon, but you did play there.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome Kelly Chase to the podcast.
That's the courtesy clap.
That's the golf clap, right?
That's the golf clap for a guy who did not play hockey
the way maybe golfers would, like little bitches.
No. Right. Well, you know what we do we just we just kind of go out and giggle about and hit the ball by them
you so you're bullying people on the golf course just like you did on the ice rink
just holy hey uh chaser can we talk quick about biz asking you to come on and be a great guy and do this interview for us and then being 20 minutes late to it?
Yeah, I know.
You know, I just told him, I mean, listen, dude,
you show up 20 minutes late for a warm-up and you're scratched.
Is that the deal?
Is that the healthy scratch thing you had going?
He was already scratched, though, so it didn't matter.
Yeah.
So there was no punishment there.
They're like, well, you're not playing anyway,
so I guess we just keep won't playing you.
But saying that.
I got to be honest with you.
I've been down that path.
You lasted a lot longer than I did, though.
You ended up playing 458 games.
That's a shit ton.
And obviously, you know, you were in and out of the lineup
throughout most of your career, just like I was.
But fuck, you must have lasted what 12 years
in the show 12 yeah 12 something like that i was up i had a little uh i had a little hiccup in the
road i i actually started and uh had a little problem with my uh with my hand right out of
the gate i got a little tussle and i got a tooth in my hand and they zippered it up, a little infection.
And let me tell you what, boys, I almost had a little thought I was going to be locked.
I mean, you think I literally they talk about not having hands.
I just literally just about didn't have a hand.
I got a little staph infection.
I got called up and yeah, I got called up and I and our trainers, I asked him for some peroxide.
And he said, well, you know how they were then.
I grumpy old buggers. And he goes, what the hell do you need peroxide for? I said, I got them for some peroxide and he said, well, you know how they were then, like grumpy old buggers.
And he goes, what the hell do you need peroxide for?
I said, I got this cut in my hand.
And he goes, what are you talking about?
He looks at my hand, he goes, okay, go get your shit off.
I said, what?
He goes, go get, you know, imagine you're a kid,
the whole life you've dreamt about playing in the NHL.
And the second game that I saw live, I was playing in.
And I'm about to play my first game in NHL.
And this guy's telling me to take my stuff off.
I'm like, what are you talking about?
He goes, you can't play with that hand.
And I go, oh, I'm playing.
No, you're not.
You're not playing.
And I said, oh, no, I'm playing.
And he said, take your shit off.
Went over to the doctors in the back room. And then he just said, Kelly, you can't play. Go take your stuff off. We went over to the doctors in the back room,
and he just said, Kelly, you can't play.
Go take your stuff off.
We're going to have an ambulance take you to the hospital.
They took me to the hospital.
They cut my hand open, my left hand open.
They drained the staph infection I had going up my arm.
They drained it out of my arm.
I spent a few days in the hospital.
And I never played my first game in the NHL until the following year.
And after camp, I was the first guy that got sent down
and the first guy that got called up.
But it was like I thought my dreams were crushed right out of the gate.
I had my one chance to play in the NHL, and you know how it is.
You just want one game.
And here I end up in the hospital with my hand opened up.
So I think I only played about 38 games my first year.
And then things started picking
up from there a little bit so you literally punched someone's teeth in and then they that
that person's front tooth was stuck in your hand and they zipped it right up over it well there was
a little bit of it in there obviously because it got infected and they had to open it up and
the weird part about it it's kind of disgusting to talk about but it's literally when
they opened it up and the scar i still have today it stunk so bad because it was literally
your hand was rotting so i lost the tendon in the back part of my hand and uh and it was uh
it was it was interesting but i can tell you i was i was me and the trainer almost had a tilt
in the room in my, my first game.
That guy must've never brushed his teeth.
I don't remember exactly who it was either, but it was in the minors.
It was a brochure?
Did he have the bad breath?
Yeah, he had the dinosaur breath.
I don't remember who it was, to be honest with you, but it was, we had Twister and I down in Peoria and we were plenty busy, so I can't remember who it was to be honest with you but it was uh hey we had twister and i down in peoria and we were plenty busy so i can't remember who it was hey uh okay so crazy story
so i ended up getting a bar fight one night uh back home in port deluzi and uh i ended up knocking
this kid out this is fuck going back way back when and sure as shit the same thing happened to me
where the i i got his front teeth and they cut
my hand well fuck he cut me pretty good i went home i'm an idiot i cleaned it off with captain
morgan's because i just said oh alcohol you know it's got to clean the fuck out i don't that'll
kill it i made my i made my head a double double uh but uh it ended up fucking getting infected
the next day i ended up going
to saint catherine's hospital and it took me eight hours to get in and finally when the doctor saw it
he goes bud this thing's infected we got to get this fucking cleaned out real quick so they brought
a surgeon and they had to open it up and and really clean it and i ended up being in the hospital for
about a week lost 10 pounds yep it's it's serious i don't want i don't want to punch anybody in the mouth anymore and infect my hand,
but I could use them 10 pounds.
Yeah.
Wouldn't be a bad idea.
Hey, funny you mentioned, you know, back then, early 90s, the trainers,
I mean, you could be leaking blood and they'd be like,
hey, there's Band-Aids over near the shower.
Go ahead.
You're fine.
No, listen to that.
I could tell you a hundred stories like that.
One of my favorites is they used to take and put your hand in the water
and put the ultrasound machine in your
they'd take the ultrasound machine, turn it on full blast.
They want to know if your hand's broke.
You just put your hand down in the water,
and then they would stick the ultrasound machine in there,
and if it vibrated off the bone and you shot up like they had the electric shock your hand was broke so here we're
gonna see if your hands broke let's pound sound waves through the broken bone and then you know
you'd shoot your arm up and be like oh yeah that was broke but you can't play more you're done you
go to the hospital you got a broken thumb or something you know because they shove the ultrasound
right into the water with you and i mean you come out out of that water, and if it didn't affect you,
you're like, ah, you're fine, go back on out there.
It doesn't matter how swollen it is.
Hey, Jason, you walk back to the bench like Frankenstein.
You're like
Hey, put me in, coach.
Hey, listen, here's the equipment guy's motto.
Holly and I were talking about this too.
So first thing that happens to me is they give me number 39 okay now i just finished telling you like the second game i ever saw live i was in
okay so you can get you're gonna give me zero 105 whatever number you want to give me i don't give
a shit i'm playing that's all i care about so you you have this guy, Frankie Burns, he's our equipment guy. He goes, I play, and he gives me 39,
and I'm sure they're thinking, like, this guy's terrible,
he won't be here long, let's give him his numbers available.
And we just tacked on the numbers, and I play.
And, you know, second game, get into a little fight.
Then we got the old Chuck Norris tour,
so I got to go through minnesota uh toronto
detroit and it's a circus right i fight like five times and so i get back to st louis and he goes
hey kid come here for a second because now he's taking a liking to me he's like hey kid come here
i go yeah he goes hey listen i got a better number for you if you want it. I go, no, no. I go, I like, I'm fine with this number.
I said, besides, you know, I said, I've always, you know,
I grew up watching Brian Scruton and, you know, because he's from Saskatoon.
I don't explain all this to him.
I just go, you know what, I go, Brian Scruton wears 39.
He looks at me with his stupid look on his face.
He goes, well, there's fucking something you won't hear every day.
My favorite player is Brian Scruton.
He's like, Jesus, we got to bring this kid home.
He's like, have you seen the other guys you brought around?
He's like, aim for the stars.
I know.
And then the second thing that happened was no sticks.
I'm telling you, it's November, December, no sticks.
Holly comes in one day and I'm grinding down a Wayne Babbage coho.
Wayne Babbage had retired three years earlier.
And that's what they're giving me to use.
Okay.
Wayne Babbage's cohos.
I'm just grinding this thing down with a rasp.
And you know, Holly, how he talks to you like, what the hell are you doing?
And I said, I'm just fixing a stick.
And he goes, what the hell are you using?
And he goes, use mine.
And now I've got no sticks.
And Brett Hall's got, I don't know, 600.
And they're different patterns and different.
And, you know, he's got a wall of them, right?
And he goes, here.
And he goes, and by the way, your sticks are too long anyway.
And he gives me this stick.
Well, I don't have any sticks, so I'm like, all right, you know,
it's Brett Hall.
I don't want to say, like, no, I don't want, you know,
I can't handle a puck with that curve.
And we go to the guy, he says, good, huh?
Isn't that great?
You can rip it, eh, buddy?
And he's just giving me this one.
I'm like, Jesus.
First of all, it's six inches too short.
Secondly, the curve, I mean, I'm going to hit, you know,
any of our goalies that have no chance right now.
I could hit Greg Milne in the throat.
He's 40.
It's going to have a heart attack.
And I'm using this stick.
So the next day I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I fix up the rest of the Wayne Babbage stuff.
I come in for the game after a pregame skate.
He's thrown them all in the garbage and broke them,
and I got to use his sticks well he
never taped his sticks and he curved them but he never taped them and he'd rastle them down or
whatever he never taped the knobs on them and he never taped the blades of them we had a kid doing
it and until brett hall left the st louis blues i never had a i just go to his rack i'd pull three
out i'd write 39 on them i fired him in my my sleeve, and that would be the end of it.
I never taped a stick until Brett Hall left St. Louis.
Oh, my God.
Because the trainer's like, this guy's terrible.
There's no way.
He bullied you.
He was just honest.
No, he was like, but the greatest part about it was the trainer must have
thought this kid's terrible.
There's no way he's going to last.
So he's not ordering me sticks.
He's putting it on the minor league budget.
And the second thing is, after I kind of got a liking to the stick,
I was like, well, why bother?
I got four minutes in me tonight.
I'll use this.
I mean, I'm going to need it for the three-on-three tomorrow practice
with the two pass at the end of the practice.
And that's the game.
I never used another stick.
My best bet is that you're not even going to need it in the end.
Like, you know, you didn't need a stick, right?
So it could have been a fucking broom.
Well, hey, listen.
Now, how many points, how much was your biggest year in the minors?
I saw your IHO year.
Holy.
I'm not, I don't compete with you, buddy, but I was a shutdown defenseman.
Keep the change.
Let me tell you something.
They stuck me on a line with Nelson Emerson one year.
Nelson Emerson was rookie of the year in the IHL.
And David Bruce, and he was MVP.
They fired me on a line with those two guys.
And we ended up winning the cup that year in Peoria.
And I'm going to tell you what.
When I figured it out, I'll chip the puck to the little guy in the middle, and I'll tell you what I would chip when I figured it out I'll chip the puck to the
little guy in the middle and I'll meet him down there and I think 60 points close to it that year
20 some goals I just stood by the net and knocked him in and when I figured out the only way the
fastest way back to the NHL was to give the little guy in the middle a puck and man when I had that
figured out it was beautiful just Bobby Plager had me now they traded Twister in the middle of puck. And, man, when I had that figured out, it was beautiful. Just Bobby Plager had me.
Now, they traded Twister in the middle of the year,
so I went from, like, not really having to worry about the big guys
to having, I think, somewhere over 300 or maybe 400 penalty minutes.
Only 400?
Because 400, because Twister left.
So we had a cool 48 majors or something that year, some goofy number.
Oh, wow.
But it was a fun year, man.
There's nothing like winning, and I don't care what level you're at.
There's nothing like winning.
You were basically like the Dave Semenko of the IHL, him playing with Gretzky,
you playing with Bruce and Emerson.
Yeah.
You know what? I loved Sammy, but I think I might have been a little bit more of a touch.
But you know what?
He had 20.
Hey, pumpkin girl fucking tires.
Hey, I love that.
No, no, no.
No, listen.
I got to tell you something.
He was one of the funniest guys and the scariest guy.
He got more.
I was a rookie, played an exhibition game on him.
He gave me a sideways look.
That was it.
I was like, all right, shut her down, boys.
This is enough of the big
fella here okay all set here chaser thanks for coming yep change oh fuck chaser i don't know
whether i want to keep going with the hockey stories or asking what you up you're up to now
because you left the santa or st louis job i should say yeah well i'm still i left the broadcast
job and i'm still working for the blues a little bit doing
some stuff and i you know i love the organization and and i and i love st louis you know but i took
a job with uh discovery land properties which is an amenity community did you you know it's
yeah i'm uh we're i'm doing the nashville project so so uh i'm living back and forth
nashville st louis well chaser, to bring our fans up to speed,
describe what that Discovery Land Group is all about.
Well, they have 21 properties around the world
that they just basically, I guess the whole motto
Mike Meldman had that he easily developed
Casamigos Tequila as well.
They just sold him, Randy Gerber, George Clooney, made a cool 1.2 belt.
Yeah, I remember Billy going.
Mike figured out that if you reward yourself, life's short.
He's big on family, and he's like, look,
he wants to have an amenity properties around the world that he thought
where you treat yourself to everything you want.
I was reading the amenity deal here in Nashville.
So, you know, tennis courts, pickleball courts, swimming pools, all of the basics, golf course, whatever.
But then the cool things like the snack shacks or what we call comfort stations on the backs of the property where you just come in and you can every candy you can imagine, every kind of food you can imagine.
the back of the property where you just come in and you can every candy you can imagine every kind of food you can imagine tacos a bar you help yourself it's part of the amenity but also the
small things like hey we wash your car we'll go get your laundry we'll shop your groceries for you
like we have a knife sharpener on property he'll come and sharpen your knives in your kitchen for
you if that's what you need like they don't miss anything so he's like look you reward yourself for
being uh successful life's short enjoy it around your family and uh we'll take care of the rest so So he's like, look, reward yourself for being successful.
Life's short.
Enjoy it around your family, and we'll take care of the rest.
So it's a pretty cool concept, and it's been fun.
Yeah, well, I mean, sure, Ray.
I went and saw him at Gosser.
So there's a lot of hockey boys go to Gosser in Idaho.
I'm a member there.
Okay, well, there you go.
I'm a member.
Is Wizard up there? Yeah, Ray Whitney's there. Okay, well there you go. I'm a member. Is Wizard up there? Yeah, Ray Whitney's
there. The Wiz is there,
yeah. Pauly, Gretz,
Brendan Morrow, Carbino,
Cortnall.
Bobby Ryan,
Tyler Johnson are there.
We got a good group, man. Wizard is a
complete stick.
Oh, yeah.
He's solid. He plays six days a week up there
must be nice eh uh but one thing that you mentioned though is it's like basically like
the 24-hour concierge service where when i was with sir ray he just got in a new boat he calls
down he says hey get it ready to go you go down you drive down with your golf cart down to the
docks because you're right on a beautiful lake they're you're they got beers in a little mini fridge they got a cooler for you
they got all the towels you need man it is it is top fucking notch you get treated like royalty
you pull up to the dock when you're done they take clean clean the boat out clean the boat
take everything you just walk back up to your mountain of the property. It's pretty, it's a neat, well, so we went there six years ago,
my wife and family, and then I became, you know,
obviously I was a member.
I just got involved with them.
And then I kept talking to Malcolm and he's like,
you should come work for me.
And I'm like, I got a pretty good job.
And then he just ground me for like three years ago.
I went and said, okay, I'll sit in some sales meetings in the,
I'll sit in some sales meetings on Tuesdays. And that was three years ago, I went and said, okay, I'll sit in some sales meetings on Tuesdays. And that was
three years ago. And then last year, I got into it and I kind of crushed it. And then this winter,
he said, I want you to come to Mexico, to Chileno, and I want to talk to you. And then
he just said, smart too. He grabs my wife and says, Raylan, what would you like?
What can we do for you?
And then it went from that to what can we do for the kids?
Now, Kelly, here's a pad and paper.
Write down what it is you need.
And sign it.
It was awesome.
I mean, seriously, I can't work for a better guy, a company that's, you know,
they're results-oriented.
They don't get caught up in stuffy shit like you'd see at these golf courses
with buttoned-up ties and golf shirts and six
No, you could basically play with boxers on.
You could play eight guys in an eightsome with boxers on.
They don't give a shit.
Yeah, just keep
Keep up to the pace to play.
And here's the other thing
don't this is nothing pisses me off more you're at these clubs and these people think they've got
some you know they've got and by the way none of these assholes are listening to your show anyway
so it doesn't matter exactly fuck them anyway you you i can tell you this driving like a mile away
from the green to park your cart to walk back to Fudabong.
Are you shitting me?
Because we're going to
save the garden. We're going to make the course. We don't want to
wreck the course. Wreck the course. I'm a farmer.
Dude, you put enough water
on sod, on concrete,
it'll grow. You can grow shit
like that on the roofs of buildings
and you're worried about the grass going away.
Jesus. Park a mile away to away. Jesus. Park a mile
away to the tee box. Park a mile
away from the green. Can't stand it.
And this place, you've got to figure it out. Drive
up, hit ball, flip flops,
put on your shoes between the first and second
all. Take a shit on the green.
Well,
you can't do that. Okay. I was testing
it. I was seeing if I could afford a membership.
Is Bakers Bay one of those properties?
Bakers Bay is one of them, yeah.
And the mom is awesome.
That's where Fowler and Spieth are at.
I think all the golf fans know about the spring break guys down there.
So that discovery, all of that is just incredible.
I got to get involved.
I can't even afford it, though.
It's just uber rich.
We're going to have to start selling presenting sponsorships on
this podcast if we want to even dabble into those fucking uh what do you call them comfort stations
they got any they got any rubbers at those they supply rubbers i i'm not i'm sure they don't have
them at the comfort station but i'm sure that if you need them on property they'll find somebody
go get them for you uh another thing i'm curious about is kind of what goes along with
your name is just guys that play with you
love you. There's never been a bad word spoken
about you. And one of the
teammates that you're really close with now is
Wayne Gretzky. And I'm curious, did you
were you friends with him before you ever
played with him? And how has your relationship
grown to where you're kind of
wherever Wayne is, I feel like you're
at.
I get along great with at. Oh, no, I'm not.
I get along great with Wayne.
You know, his wife's from St. Louis, so I never actually played with Gretchen.
I got traded.
He got traded there and then left, and I came back the year he left.
But we've been friends a long time.
I've done a lot of stuff with him, but I think it started, you know,
we always know that, obviously, you know, he's a great one, and you've a lot of stuff with him but I think I think it started you know we always know
that obviously it's you know he's a great one and you've been around associated with him best thing
to do just keep to yourself and do your own thing and Wayne picks up on on that and he's always
taking care of people around him and then I did a lot of speaking engagements and and I would do all
I would do a lot of Gordy's events and uh when Wayne would be included and then he started saying to me, Hey, why don't you,
why don't you come with me and we'll do, you know,
we're going to do this event and wherever.
So I've done a few events and I'll give you a quick,
this is how he operates. Okay. So he says to me, we're in LA. He goes,
listen, I need you to come up and do your thing up in a grand Prairie,
Alberta. And I go, okay, well, what are we doing? He goes, you know,
just to, you know, what do you do? You know, you know, and I go okay what are we doing he goes you know just you know what what you do you know
you know and I go what is it I do you know because I do these auction auctioneer stuff too and he
goes you know just run the question answer you know I said okay so I'm in LA I he says just meet
me at this airport in the morning and we'll go from here and then I'll get you back to St. Louis. So you guys, you fly with me.
So I get to this private airport. We,
we fire up to Grand Prairie, Alberta. Okay.
Now we stop in Edmonton and all of that was, was an autograph session.
It was just like, it was, it wasn't going through customs. It was, Hey,
Wayne, can you sign this, this, this, this, this, and this, and away we go.
So now we land in what
what is grand prairie and we go from the airport to the to the hotel and we throw our bags in the
room and we're going to meet down the lounge and have something to eat at the bar and some cocktails
and bullshit with the people that are there a little bit so we do that and uh i get up in the morning and and i gotta
he keeps calling me he goes he goes hey what are you doing and i go i'm i just got up he goes
come on downstairs the lobby you gotta come to the restaurant come here hurry up and i go
everything all right he goes just hurry up so i you know i get dressed i go down there and he goes
dude we're not in grand prairie i go what he goes we're not in grand prairie i go
where the fuck are we like what do you mean we're not in grand prairie and he goes we're in fort
mcmurray and i go well are we supposed to be in fort mcmurray he goes yeah we're supposed to be
in fort mcmurray but dude he goes i didn't want you to say something at the luncheon about grand
sure shit i had this whole thing about oh, you guys hosted the World Bank Cup last year.
It was fucking great.
My cousin or my nephew played in it and all this bullshit.
You know, you ever seen a Snickers commercial not going anywhere for a while?
Hey, I go to Cleveland.
We're in Detroit.
That would have been me, right?
Grats, yeah, we're in the wrong city.
I'm like, Jesus, dude, where are we?
So we've had some laughs.
Hey, I'm fascinated by the way he's like he's kind of basically kept a
squeaky clean image his entire life when he does interviews he's not boring he's i always love what
he has to say and he's very articulate like talk about a guy who not only had it on the ice but
did such a good job of marketing himself off the ice like he's a genius in that regard
no one like him, really.
No blemishes.
And you love him for that.
I mean, you've got to have the admiration, obviously,
for both sides of it, as you said.
He's got a great sense of humor,
which a lot of people don't get to see sometimes
because sometimes he is Switzerland.
He really plays that.
But you have to show and
he and he has to be but that's just that's what makes him hey listen you know you're in your
nickname right and so he's a great one and that's the best part about it and I have to laugh too
like you know a couple years ago he won the member guest and at Dozer and he made a putt that was
like I don't know 30 feet it just, too, and it went in the hole.
And he just put his arms in the air and walked.
Just as it was going in, he's walking.
He's walking right at Dougie Waite and I.
We're sitting on it, leaning on our golf cart, you know, laughing.
And if you've been to Gaza, like, remember, Jess, it's the, you know,
we're down to the, it's called the horse race, the shootout at the end.
And it's music blaring and a bar set up at the end of the green
and, you know, a little, you know, kids' pool thing.
People are sitting in to cool off.
Like, it's just a circus.
It's fun.
You know, like the families are all out there.
How many people are watching them at that putt?
How many people are watching that putt?
I'd say 400 or 500, okay?
The whole property, okay?
He makes the putt, and he walks he's walking like dead right at us
and he's he's about five feet from us he goes what no tvs where you guys grew up
suck it that was a great one you're fucking tears at this point no clouded sticker are you kidding
me we both just pissed ourselves and then just walked away because what are you going to say?
You know? Like, what are you going to say?
It was awesome.
Was it Dustin Johnson for fuck's sake?
No, his
partner was his
15-year-old son at the time.
Oh, that keeps a stick, I think.
Isn't he? Because he works with that.
What do you mean at the time?
He was 15 at the time. I think, isn't he? Because he works with that. Yeah, he's going up. What do you mean at the time? He was 15 at the time.
I think he's 17 or 18.
I was going to say, did he like disown him or something?
He sounded like he just like didn't.
No, if you read the headlines,
this is someone we might disown in the family.
It wouldn't be him.
On that note, let's talk more about the hockey side of your career.
Hey, you got to play in Toronto.
What was that like?
Well, I played two games.
So I often tell people.
Hey, a cup of coffee?
What's a cup of coffee like?
When I get up to speak, I often say, you know,
I know most of you probably don't know who I am.
My name's Kelly Chase.
I played in the NHL for 12 years. I played three teams and I scored for two of them and the the reason that
I say it too is because I literally got there and I failed my physical because my knee had
I had surgery on my knee in Hartford and they literally blew my knee up and and it all like
for I don't know how many months I had a scope done and I was like trying to get better. And it was just taking this fluid off it while I had got all this atrophy in it.
They traded me and I got to Toronto and, and I come in the locker room and I go, man, you know, Chris Broadhurst and you knew Broadway, right?
He was so efficient with the, with the testing.
And he just said, I, I need to check this leg out.
And I had 35 less strength in my right leg than my left.
I need to check this leg out.
And I had 35 less strength in my right leg than my left.
And so they just said we can't  they tried to rescind the trade.
And Cliff Fletcher was great.
He did the trade.
I went up to his office.
I said, Cliff, don't send me back there.
A, they're leaving Hartford.
B, I will work my ass off all summer.
I'll play before the  you know, we didn't make the plus.
I said, I'll play before the season ends.
And I promise you next summer I will make sure I do whatever it takes to make sure I play for you.
And it turned out he got fired that summer.
Mike Smith came in, and they didn't rescind the trade.
I played two games right the last two games of the season, I think.
And then I went back to camp in Toronto, and they traded me back to St. Louis.
So I moved into my house, put my old jersey on, went in my stall and was back home again.
So it turned out real well for me, but I would have loved to have played for the Leafs.
And my father-in-law, who is 94 now, was the biggest Leaf fan.
He literally beat me to Toronto.
By the time I flew to Toronto, he had taken a flight from Regina.
And he was in Toronto.
He was smiling.
It was just like a freaking cat that ate the canary man it was awesome he just was so pumped up that I was
I was gonna you know play for the Leafs play for his team and I turned out I only got to play two
games but uh pretty cool oh it's unreal um one thing I definitely wanted to ask you about uh
was the the Humboldt stuff.
And, you know, I know you played growing up there and then, of course,
in Saskatoon with the Blades.
So just talk about that.
Well, you know what?
It was  I got to tell you, man, I kind of got goosebumps right now
when you said that.
And I'm actually wearing Humboldt Broncos shirt today, so you bring it up.
But I got to tell you, it was  you know, there's no playbook for that.
You know that.
I mean, everybody knows that.
It's just it was a terrible tragedy, obviously.
But the thing that was tough for me was, you know, I played there.
I knew so many of the people involved in it.
But on top of it all, I that road I don't know I mean I knew they
told me where it happened and I knew where it happened that guy from my hometown was
lived right at the corner his son was the Chmielinski boy that walked away so he called
his dad Miles who I grew up with and said you know you got to get here and he was there and
you know five minutes three minutes and I know exactly where it happened like it just the whole thing was so damn eerie to me and
knowing the billet families that lost all of the you know three kids and you know my the people i
knew there and that you know i knew for the kids and two of them made it and two of them didn't and
you know and it was it was we you know of
course we you know we threw the country music concert uh and uh hayley wickenheiser and
colby armstrong called me uh colb called me or sent me a text and and hayley called me and said
what what are we going to do i said i don't know give me a
minute to think about it and and uh we were in denver i called my buddy from uh global entertainment
productions and country thunder and they said listen i said listen so he called one of the
one of the guys that the agents and they were in his tour bus and i said this is when he said let
me make a couple calls we'll call you back and call me back and he said hey let me make a couple of calls and we'll call you back. And he called me back and he said, hey, we got, you know, five people and, you know, 100 brothers, kids.
We just had a great grouping of guys.
And all of a sudden, next thing you know, we're talking about having a concert in Saskatoon.
And we did the concert.
Now, you want to know how great hockey players are.
It was one of the most emotional things I've ever been a part of in my life.
Well, first of all, Dana, who was the trainer, her mom called me,
and I talked to her mom, and they were taking her off life support,
and they lost her, and it just ruined my  I was just bawling like a four-year-old.
And my wife came in the room, and she said, are you going to be okay?
And she said, because I think you should go home.
And I said, I think I need to go home.
And that's when we got this thing rolling.
And we did this concert, and the hockey players were so freaking good.
I'm telling you, Gallagher, Shea Weber, you know what a stud he is,
Monaghan, these guys come, you know, that are the current guys.
Then you get Lanny McDonald and Paul Coffey and Sackick and Medano
and Wendell and Trotche.
You know, you get all of these great guys, these great personalities,
and they all show up.
And they come to Saskatoon, and we told them we were going to,
you know, kind of meet them.
They didn't know what hockey players were coming.
And we were in a boardroom attached to the boardroom,
and they opened those big sliding bifold doors,
and we gave them a standing ovation.
There was billet families and families,
and a couple of the boys that were in the accident and, and, and stuff like that, um, were there. I don't know.
There was a few hundred people besides us,
50 hockey players or whatever it was. And I, because I gotta tell you, man,
it was so freaking emotional. Um,
what happened and the fact that these people were, you could just see it,
but it was almost like a healing process for everyone.
But you could see where they were like, shit this isn't all talk these guys showed up and they
and then the next day we had the concert the next night and like i said there's no playbook for it
but i think it had a huge impact thing for everyone and it's a small thing, but I think the players did the right thing. Yeah, and I, you know, personally, I want to tell you just an amazing job by you
because, as you say, there's no playbook.
But when things like that, you know, happen,
you were able to kind of get everything going in terms of helping people
that went through this horrible tragedy.
And you yourself were a part of it, knowing these people and these kids.
So credit to you
for for really helping out those guys because down the line i think families and those players
will say kelly chase was there and and and helped a lot of us with with going through that that awful
awful tragedy so great job by you and well we can't approve we can't thank you enough for coming
on we'd love to have you on again get some more more Holly stories. Yeah, we haven't even touched on him, but I got to tell you this.
One of the things that I, like it's, and it's not a humble brag,
it's sort of an awkward thing. There were so many people that did so much.
Now, you know, myself, Paul Hoffer and Nick Namina
got the Humanitarian Award for the Country Music Awards
and they were just in Hamilton and we got this award and And I said, you know, when I was speaking,
it doesn't seem right that you're getting, you know,
you being recognized when there were so many people that did so much and it
doesn't feel like it's a, you know, it was almost like, geez,
I didn't really feel comfortable going up and talking on us.
And I love to talk, but I can tell you, I was really like humbled by it.
But yet, you know, there's so many damn people that deserve a pat on the back.
It was like, you know, yeah, you don't know.
You know what I'm trying to say?
It's just one of those freaking things where you don't know what to say.
Yeah, yeah, right.
You know, it was great.
Oh, we put the concert together.
Well, we're supposed to.
Well, you guys did the right thing concert together well we're supposed to well you guys did the right thing well we're supposed to it's like you wear a jersey in the
nhl man you have an obligation to give back and i you know i don't know biz do you remember that
uh did you see that thing that's on the door that we wrote about uh it's a privilege did you see
that yeah it's not a privilege exactly yeah we Yeah, we have an alumni locker room in St. Louis for the guys.
Because when you leave the game, you don't miss the game.
You miss the guys.
You don't  you miss sitting around.
That's why I jumped on this podcast.
That's exactly right.
But, I mean, that's sort of how, that's our mentality.
That's what we think.
So, you know, what I say all the time is I wrote this thing that's on the alumni door,
and I honestly, I said this to kind of wrap it up, but I think this is,
this speaks the same of all the hockey players, but it says,
through these doors walk the shoulders of men, men who have bled, sweated,
broke bones, tore muscles, and shed tears for the right
to enter this room they enter this room with pride yet humble for they know all they have they owe to
the game and the game owes them nothing and they know that god will not judge them for their trophies
medals degrees or diplomas but for what they gave back and these men know you don't win by or wish
your way through these doors you earn it and when you when you do, you understand it's a privilege.
And it is a privilege.
I believe that.
I hadn't heard that, if that's what you're asking me.
No, I never heard that.
Whit, did you?
I mean, I've never seen that.
Just the fact that you're able to recite it from memory is pretty impressive.
Yeah, it's very impressive. That's powerful.
And it just does remind you.
I mean, you talked about Gretzky before. The guy's got all the awards, all the MAPs. He's the impressive. Yeah, he's very impressive. That's powerful. And it just does remind you, I mean, you talked about Gretzky before.
The guy's got all the awards, all the MAPs.
He's the great one.
But he treats people with respect, and he knows that the game gave him everything,
and he gives back.
And that's just crazy.
He's the best.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But we've got to  if you, like, you know, punch into the Alumni Association,
If you, like, you know, punch into the Alumni Association,
punch yourself into what is going on with the alumni and what Glenn Healy is now the director and what we've got going on.
You know, make yourself included because I'll tell you what,
there's a lot of good things coming with the Alumni Association.
I think that we kind of scatter and we go our own ways,
but then now finally we've got stability in there of guys helping one another
and looking after one another and doing the right things.
And I think more often than not, there's a greater amount of guys willing to help
because they played the game and they have their values in check than any other sport.
And I'm not just saying that because I played the game,
but I think it's pretty common knowledge that there's a hell of a lot of giving
going on with the hockey players if you can get them together.
Well, Chaser, I actually spoke with them,
and we talked about getting a lot of these older guys on the podcast
because now that they're not on the limelight, they think people,
you know, I'm older, they don't care about me.
I love and the fans love hearing you guys come on
and talk about all these old stories, if not more than these younger guys so i we got to get more you guys involved like some of the
stories you told like the fucking gauze or what about gretzky putting out that's insane now saying
that glenn healy glenn healy is so funny we got to get him oh yeah oh he said he already said he
was gonna come on perfect no i love i love him and know what? We had a little  we had an opportunity last year to hire him,
and it was the right thing to do.
And we put a guy in place now that we're  you know,
we have a business we're running now.
It's not a freaking  you know, we're not shaking hands and, you know,
we're going to give back.
We're going to give back.
We're going to put  we're going to help guys, you know,
sort out situations that they have that weren't taken care of in the old days
that built the foundation of the game.
Glenn's the one that's leading the charge
and he's doing a hell of a job.
Chaser, one last thing. Can we get one
Hulley story and then that'll seal it off
and give the fans a chuckle before we end
this one?
Where are we going with Hulley?
Just a memorable one for you.
Just one when he's being cocky, but yet
I love cocky.
His cocky stories are the funniest shit.
Holly, let me see.
Let me give you a  I'll give you the L.A. story.
He's not allowed on the ice at the end of games.
Like, he just  Sutter wouldn't put him on the ice because he didn't think he'd play defense.
So he would just leave him on the bench.
And we were winning 2-1, and he had won already.
And it's like five minutes left in the game, and he's just sitting there
and sitting there, and down to three minutes left in the game, two minutes.
He's not playing.
Thirty seconds left in the game, or whatever it was, a minute left in the game.
We get scored on.
They make it 2-2, and Brian's pissed. And Hulley snaps. He jumps over the boards. seconds left in the game or whatever it was a minute left in a game we get scored on they make
it 2-2 and brian's pissed and holly snaps he jumps over the boards and he goes out on the ice and
everyone brian's yelling at him from the bench to get the hell back to the bench and he just
ignored him he's got his back to him and he tells richie sutter and basson and lowry get out there
and richie comes up to the face off and richie's like, Holly, go on. He goes, fuck off, Richie.
Next thing you know,
Koharski's like, hey, one of you guys
off the ice. And he goes,
Richie, I'm not going
off the fucking ice.
So, fucking Richie
has to go to the bench because we're going to get too many men
on the ice. And
Holly's out there
doing pirouettes, doing nothing and and kujo's got to
make about three or four saves and all of a sudden the puck goes behind the d on the left side and
he's kind of coming the middle of the ice he gets the puck it's a it's a half one-on-one i don't
remember it was gary galley or doug bodger but all of a sudden he just freaking gets the puck
turns to the middle of the ice and these kind of like caught between should i go backwards escape forwards with him and as soon as he goes backwards
he just wheels into the middle of the ice and just guns a snapper kelly rudy's kind of gas and a
little bit it goes over kelly's shoulder and there's about 12 seconds left in the game and
it's three two blues and holly comes to the bench he doesn't let anybody congratulate him and he
just puts his foot over the board and he goes, fuck.
Like we're playing overtime in LA.
That guy.
Oh my god.
Thank you so much.
Oh man.
Already had the reso booked, eh?
The table for boys.
Him and
him and Gretz had shit booked at sunset boulevard boys it was over
okay hey kelly thank you so much you will you come on again later in the year we can uh shoot
the shit again anytime boys take care we appreciate it so much uh this has been awesome and i think
the fans will love this so thank you i'm love it. That interview was also brought to you by TripActions.
There's a reason half of business travelers do not use their company's chosen travel management platform.
Booking business travel and just getting where you need to go is still ridiculously outdated,
it's time-consuming, and it's costly.
TripActions takes the pain out of corporate travel management with a complete solution
that helps businesses save and keeps employees happy.
Because it's the first travel management platform designed from the ground up with a road warrior in mind.
With easy booking from app or desktop, 24-7 proactive support around the globe and incentives for employees to save on travel expenses,
companies large and small see over 90 adoption and save up to 34 on travel spend when they use TripActions.
Companies from Lyft to Sara Lee's Frozen Bakery trust TripActions with their business travel.
TripActions rewards travelers for saving company money and they'll reward you for just checking them out.
Reshape business travel at your company today. Go to tripactions.com slash chicklets, attend a 30-minute demo,
and you'll get a 100 Amazon gift card.
But it's this month only.
Tripactions.com slash chicklets for a free demo and a 100 Amazon gift card.
Big thanks again to Kelly Chase for joining the show this week.
I did neglect to mention earlier, he's in a fantastic documentary
about pretty much the last generation of hockey fighters called Ice Guardians.
We've mentioned it multiple times on the podcast.
If you haven't checked it out yet, by all means do so.
I think it's still on Netflix.
Kelly has a pretty prominent role in that, so check it out.
Paul, one thing I noticed, man, I've been looking at the standings,
and me and Witts have been saying you can't clinch a playoff spot in November,
but you can certainly lose one.
But taking a look at the standings right now, man,
you have 24 teams within eight points of each other right now,
and you wonder how many teams are going to be in the playoff bubble
when February, March roll around.
You could have potentially almost every team in each conference
within the playoff striking distance.
Well, I think that's what they wanted when they changed the points rule,
of course, going to OT, get that extra point, keep the parity closer.
At least teams are more in the playoff hunt later in the season.
That's going to correlate to more ticket sales.
But I mean, just the explosion of talent and skill nowadays,
you got kids popping out of
nowhere and i mean there's fucking highlight reel goals now every night i mean i don't even know the
kid's name in anaheim who scored the other night you might wit uh pontus aberg pontus aberg yeah
and no offense to him but these kids are coming over out of nowhere. And it's just, you know, the game, to me,
this is the most I've noticed the change,
where there's barely any hitting anymore,
but there's a shit ton of flow.
And fuck, boys, I hate to say it.
Sometimes it's a little more exciting to watch.
Obviously, in games that are a little more sluggish
and there's, like, no offense, no hitting, no nothing.
But, man, some of these games the Coyotes have been playing,
it's fun out there.
I know there's not much fighting or physical play,
but just the skill and talent level has been exciting to watch.
Yeah, and, I mean, it used to be there was always a couple
really shitty teams.
You know, this team's going to get pounded tonight.
Like, I remember my rookie year in Pittsburgh,
most of the year we were just trash.
Now it doesn't seem like there's anyone that's that bad.
I mean, like all these teams that people thought were going to suck before the
year, like Ottawa and Montreal.
I mean, they've played well.
So there's, you know, Buffalo's playing good.
They were kind of a doormat for like a little while.
And it just seems like, like you say,
because there's so much more pace involved as opposed to hitting
and things like that.
I mean, every team is now stacked with enough skilled guys to compete
and have nights where they're going to beat, you know,
a good majority of the league.
So when teams get going good and their pace is good
and they have a team that's fast,
like you're not going to see many fast teams struggle nowadays
because you can control the pace.
So it has changed, but it's for the better 100 i mean you want as many teams as the hunt in the hunt as a as you know march and april come as possible because it only
makes those last few games of the year more exciting when when everything's locked up with
six games to go it's like this sucks just get get us to the playoffs well i mean even now on the
western conference the last three teams are ve, St. Louis, and Los Angeles.
I would have had those all bubble teams.
It's really early.
There's only  excuse me, RA, for chirping you, and now I'm coughing.
What the fuck, Biz?
I know. I think you gave me a cold over the mic.
That's how bad you cough.
A cyber cold.
Oh, you know, that reminds me quick. Can I quickly tell you what i want to invent or somehow have is yep you could ever text someone a fart imagine
just open a text like and you're just like oh imagine if that could ever come in existence
yeah like somehow through the phone it's like and like hot air hits your face and it's just the smell of a terrible fart.
Well, yeah.
You have to pay for each one.
Yeah, call the pink guy app.
Grinnelli's talking to a girl at the bar.
I'm going to crush him right now with my fart text.
Yeah, give him  it's called the pink guy app.
Fart right in the face.
But, you know, the skill level was more just, you know,
me kind of rambling on off the parody now.
But just it's
Oh, it's true.
Highlight real goals every night.
Hartman had one beauty against  who did they score?
He scored against Vegas, I believe.
So check that one out if you haven't seen it.
Yeah, basically, like, every team has either a star or a budding star right now.
It seems like every team has somebody worth paying money to go see.
Even if the team stinks, it's like,
if I can go and seek geek and get a nice cheap ticket,
I'm going to do that because they've got a great team worth watching.
A great player worth watching.
Ask me a team right now, and I'll just give you a quick name.
Give me any team.
I'll give you the guy worth paying to go see.
Edmonton Oilers.
Connor McDavid.
Nice.
Math guy.
You're diversified now.
Give me another one.
Give me another one.
Calgary Flames.
Matthew Chuck.
Minnesota Wild.
Jared Spurgeon, the most underrated defensive in the NHL.
Oh, by the way, how about Ryan Suter?
I just pumped his tires filthy and then
Posterized.
Someone wrote me like, hey, how much of an idiot do you feel pumping
or tough time to pump his tires?
In my head, I don't respond.
I just say  in my head, I say, shut up.
I don't feel like an idiot at all.
It's McDavid.
He does it to everyone.
The guy
Everyone.
I don't feel like an idiot at all.
You're an idiot.
Are you chirping Twitter people on through the podcast? Yeah, the guy called me an idiot. No, I don't feel like an idiot. Are you chirping Twitter people on through the podcast?
Yeah, the guy called me an idiot.
No, I don't feel like an idiot.
He did posterize Sutter, but.
Oh, who doesn't?
I mean, who doesn't he posterize?
Or Suter.
Suter.
He's doing stuff.
I haven't seen anyone do the stuff McDavid's doing.
When he gets the puck, I think his skating with the puck,
I swear, I think it's similar to Bobby Orr.
I think this is what Bobby Orr looked like skating with the puck.
He's that much faster than everyone else when he has it.
That's a good comparison.
And I've never really seen this before.
He's just gliding by guys.
Or he's getting his feet going and just completely smoking D-men who can wheel and pivot. He's
smoking them wide and I've never seen it. Like it's just, it's sick. You, I want to watch every
Oilers game. Hey boys, before we go any further, I want to talk to you about Potbelly for a second.
I was in Potbelly the other day, grabbing a cheesesteak and man, people are crazy about
the cheesesteak. People are either pro-Cheez Whiz
or no Cheese Whiz, or they like the
Provolone or no Provolone.
I mean, it's a big to-do at Potbelly right
now. I'm not sure if you're aware of it. Big old
brawl. If you go to Potbelly Twitter,
there's a clear divide. You gotta hear some of
the tweets. I mean, Jofus Boy says,
replace my blood with cheddar Cheez Whiz,
which is repulsive, man. I don't know how you want that
stuff. I'm a Provolone guy. Matt kroska says provolone that shit will get you cut in philly so that's not
a surprise philly city of gritty that they'd cut you over cheese no shock there winosaurus rex says
thinly sliced ribbons of magical beef on bread why ruin with whiz i'm agreeing with winosaurus
rex and notorious pig tweeted what kind of fucking degenerate gets it with Provolone?
Well, I'm that kind of degenerate Notorious P.I.G. A little Provolone on the steak. You got to love
it. Okay. Right now at Potbelly, you can defend your taste turf by getting your favorite cheese
stick with whiz or Provolone. You're going to vote with your mouth and see how this goes. Okay.
They got both there for a limited time. So stop in, choose your cheese steak at Potbelly folks.
I'm sorry. Choose your cheese steak at Potbelly folks and let the best topping win.
Speaking of other superstars, Sid, since that Canadian swing,
the start of it at least against Toronto, five games, six goals,
six assists for 10 points.
So he is starting to heat up.
I guess my last question to you, R.A., before we throw it off to the R.A. Hamilton
how do you feel about the Simpsons
kiboshing the Apu character
this is serious shit man
what? he's done
the quickie mark? oh sweet man Jula
I couldn't believe it happened
am I going to get in trouble now for doing that
I mean apparently like what the fuck man
he's an immigrant
came over here they sent him man? He's an immigrant? Came over here?
What, did he get sent back?
They sent him home?
They deported him?
No.
I don't know how they're going to write him into the script,
but people are complaining,
so they're going to be basically forced to kick him off the show,
which I think is bullshit.
Apu Nahasapima Petalon is going to be a character no more on The Simpsons.
Yeah, they're going to, I guess, just write him out.
This comedian, Harry Condableau, I guess, just write them out. This comedian,
Harry Condableau, I think he's Indian American. And he wrote, he made a documentary about
basically how a white guy played an Indian guy on the Simpsons for the last 25 years. Now,
of course, when the Simpsons came out in 1990, the whole idea of somebody playing another race
or ethnicity wasn't really a big deal. It wasn't like a major thing. But in the last several years,
there's been a lot of attention paid to it,
however you might feel about it.
I personally saw the documentary.
I don't think he made a very convincing case.
You know, basically, oh, I got picked on as a kid with it,
which, you know what, every kid got picked on.
And if you've got compared to a cartoon character,
it's probably not the worst thing.
I thought he lost his whole argument
when they interviewed his mother.
And she said, oh, I call him a poo. I thought that blew his whole fucking argument out like
your own mother, like cause you a poo for a joke. I know people can be oversensitive and I'm,
you know, I'm a white guy. I'm not going to tell somebody who's a minority or a brown person how
to feel and not feel. I just didn't think it was like a very compelling argument that,
you know, this should be done away with. It was a guy acting. But times have changed, man.
People have a voice that didn't have a voice years ago.
The social media has amplified some of those voices.
Like I said, I heard the guy out.
I watched his documentary, and I just thought, hey, man,
for all the kids and shit that kids get when they get picked on as little kids,
it was just like, dude, it's a cartoon character.
No one's really insulting you.
And they also said, oh, he gouges people and all that. It's like, dude you it's a cartoon character like no one's really insulting you and they also said oh he's uh he's gouges people and all that it's like dude he's a store
owner anyone who owns a fucking convenience store gouges people it's not like well you also are from
boston so i think i think a lot more store owners are gouging people than in other states so i mean
i think we all agree on that right guys i mean? I mean, everyone in Boston has a bookie.
Like, your mom probably has a bookie.
Probably.
She's just betting against me every time, too.
That's why she's buying new houses and shit.
She's your bookie.
You don't even know it.
Hashtag fake.
Mom, where'd you get this new, like, house?
Like, oh, nowhere.
Don't worry about it.
I don't care about the show i mean no
offense all right but i just it's just like holy crap when does it end like what's wrong with the
the the janitor i mean are people pissed off he's done too no i'm gonna no of course he gets
jack scottish dude yeah no of course he gets to say but i'm saying what's the difference like
you're saying he's scottish and he's basically, right? Is he not a drinker on the show?
Oh, I think he gets crushed.
There's never an animal alive that can
outrun a Greek Scotsman. Let's move on.
Sorry, you can't bring up the Simpsons
and not fucking explain. No, I'm loving it.
I'm loving it. Yeah, it's
holy shit, man, but whatever. It's the fucking world we live
in now. All right.
This week's All Right Hamilton. We submitted
questions related to everybody's
favorite holiday this time of year it's not really a holiday but halloween all right boys let's kick
it off with the first question and it is from at narc 311 and he asks have any of you ever got some
tail in a halloween costume and what costume was it was it you did it in basically if you ever got some ass at halloween what costume
was oh is that what getting tail means you guys are fucking waiting hesitating i was like i was
thinking i was thinking i don't i never even really dressed up really unless i got well i mean
no like i didn't really unless i got worked when i was like 11 dressed up as like a power ranger
no i don't i know i never did not on any of these team parties or did you always have a date at the Unless I got worked when I was 11, dressed up as a Power Ranger.
No, I never did.
Not at any of these team parties, or did you always have a date at the team parties?
No, I probably just got crippled and just went home alone.
Yeah, well, you were in Pittsburgh.
What about in Anaheim?
You didn't have a girlfriend at the time?
In Anaheim, no, I didn't.
I don't remember a Halloween party when I was in Anaheim.
Boys, there's a story I can't really get into It was when I was with the Coyotes
And I ended up bringing a Playboy Playmate to one of them
I was Hacksaw Jim Duggan
And she ended up getting too shit-faced
So I had to bring her home in a car
It kind of sucked, I was excited for that one
But the night didn't end very well
That's all I can say about it
I got laid in a Winnie the Pooh costume one time
In a what costume? A Pooh costume in a Winnie the Pooh costume one time. In a what costume?
A Pooh costume?
A Winnie the Pooh costume.
Really?
Yeah, that's the best I can bring.
What were you wearing under there?
You must have been sweating your balls off, too, in that costume.
Oh, yeah.
Nice, Grinnell.
You're getting a little tail in the old Winnie the Pooh costume.
I think I one-night-up college.
I didn't close the deal, but I used to have this green leisure suit.
It was kind of like it was a legit suit my uncle wore, and I used to just wear it to parties all the time with this
big Afro wig. I hooked up with this chick, and she was dressed up as a pregnant nun. If you happen
to look at the right time at a party, you'll see me in a big pimp suit making out with a pregnant
nun at a party. That was that. Hey, you know what the funniest thing on Halloween is? It's when two
guys get in a fight, and they're dressed in costumes, and one guy's dressed like a hooker,
and another guy's dressed like some random kid character,
and they're fucking knocking the shit out of each other.
It's too funny.
We'll probably see some on Barstool's Instagram tomorrow.
Exactly.
Does it feel like it's been Halloween for over a week?
Yeah, it does.
You know why?
It's because when it's in the middle of the week,
you celebrate it like the weekend before.
Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and then, of course, now.
And also, the funniest, the best part about Halloween,
at least when I lived in the city in college and stuff,
is just seeing girls on the walk of shame in the Halloween costume.
It's the best thing in the world.
I might drive into Southie at like 7 in the morning to
come home and just drive around with a Starbucks
coffee and be like,
oh, look, it's
Snow White.
She got worked.
Oh, my God.
Snow White got worked.
Give him the spit and chicklets Instagram. You can put
them on the stories.
Oh, my God. Be like,
oh, who crushed oprah
oprah who goes to halloween as oprah a lot of people you want to be a billionaire
a little bit all right i got the next one here this is from at woge tweets not that woge um
if torts had to dress up for Halloween, what would he be?
All right, how old?
I would say the Dos Equis guy,
because he's got that tan.
Good answer, Paul. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
The most interesting guy in the world, right?
The most tan in the world?
Yeah.
I think he goes to the same spray tan guy as Witt does.
Oh, no.
His still stays on.
No, his still stays on.
No, his doesn't come off in clumps.
He's got the Chris Chelios, the permatan.
I could see him being like the, what was the dude's name?
The real badass, bad guy, dojo guy from Karate Kid.
The guy who was like, sweep the leg.
Miyagi.
No, Miyagi was the good guy it was the other guy the other guy had blonde hair though didn't yeah he was he was a psychopath like he wanted them to snap acls and
stuff he was the one that nello ferreira had on or had to his house and had to his wedding yeah it
was you're right yeah he invited him to this underground bar that he opened up in Chicago, too.
And they're like best friends now.
I don't know anything about that guy, whoever the actor's name is,
but I feel like that actor probably ripped up the 80s.
Like, I can see him in a red Corvette.
He's still in the 80s.
He's still there.
He doesn't even  he's never left.
Yeah.
The character, it was Kreese.
That was the character's name,
when it's a karate kid, Kreese.
Yeah, Martin Cole was the actor who played him.
He was actually in our first Blood Pod 2.
You must have been a Rambo fan, no, Witz?
No, I've never seen Rambo.
Also, dude, that's when the guy,
Miyagi convinced him to punch him
and he broke both car windows
and his knuckles were bleeding everywhere.
I don't know if that was one or two, but I could see Torts being that guy.
Okay, so we're kind of getting on the movie talk.
Let me ask you guys a question.
We're getting off topic a little bit.
It's all right.
Who's the one character that has played someone so well,
but it's a bad character where you fucking hate their guts in real life?
Oh, so you hate...
Like Penelope Cruz in Blow to Me.
Like, I hate Penelope Cruz because of that role.
I'll never look at her the same.
You mean the acting was excellent,
so good that you hate the person because they acted so well?
Yeah, because she did that to her guy,
and he provided her with a good life,
and she threw him under the bus,
and he went to prison for it.
I hate her guts.
I got out under the symbol away.
Sharon Stone in Casino, man.
She was so fucking evil in that movie.
She was awesome in it, too, but you absolutely fucking hate her
because she was so evil.
Good answer.
Oh, my God, dude.
Can you not think of one?
Oh, man.
I hate how I'm so bad under the trigger.
Wait, how about this?
How about this?
You get some time to think, and we'll go to the next subject. I know I have
people that I'm like, I fucking
hate this person so much.
I hate this character so much.
I'll think of one. I'll think of one.
Okay. Actually, I hadn't given
my answer for Torch, so my answer would be
ladies and gentlemen, Mr.
Wade Garrett. Who's that?
You saw Roadhouse, right? Nope.
Stwayze, you never saw Roadhouse?
I haven't seen it either, but we're
in that age group where we should have already
seen it. I think
Roadhouse is pretty well. I think most
of the mob would be behind R.A.
on this one, but I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it. Yeah, that was
Sam Elliott. He was Patrick Swayze's
mentor as a bouncer.
Basically, John Tortorella could probably play any role that
Sam Elliott played because of the
gray hair, a little similar features.
Okay, this one's kind of... Oh, I know who
it is. I know who it is.
It's that
fucking rat that...
You don't have to whisper.
He's not going to hear you. It's the guy
in the Shawshank Redemption who was the
warden.
Warden.
Oh, dude.
Wow.
Great answer out of left field.
Woo.
Dude, that guy, I just hated his guts so much.
So does that mean, and would you guys say,
if you hate somebody that much, that means no matter what,
that's incredible acting.
For them to get you to hate them, that is incredible acting, right?
Absolutely.
That's like you're at Starbucks with your wife incredible acting, right? Absolutely. That's like,
you're at Starbucks with your wife and kid and he's in line behind you.
And you're like,
you see him and you're like,
you turn back around.
You're like,
I'm going to say something.
Yeah.
She's like,
don't fucking say anything.
I know you hated him in that movie.
And you turn around,
listen,
you fucking asshole.
You're a piece of shit.
He's like,
I saw you in Josh Shank redemption,
you piece of shit. I saw what you did.
Fuck. And like security's bringing you out.
I saw you gun down that guy that
knew that Andy was innocent.
I think every fucking
guy who got divorced in the 70s hates
Meryl Streep, too, from Kramer vs.
Kramer. I know you probably
guys haven't seen it. Her and Dustin often get divorced.
It was a divorce
movie when divorce became a big thing in America.
How old are you?
Me? I'm 46.
So you're
about 10 years older than me.
I think that 10 years was a huge
difference. I really do.
I feel like the 10 years between you and me is
way different than me and a 26-year-old
in terms of movies and current like, current event stuff.
That would be me.
It's you're dead in the middle between me and R.A.
Yeah, and I think unless you were an old soul and you were watching, like, old shit,
but maybe that was what's cool.
I will say this, though.
R.A. is also a big movie guy, so it bumps him up.
Oh, yeah, you know you've seen a lot of movies, so that actually changes a though, R.A. is also a big movie guy. So it bumps him up. Oh, yeah. You know, you've seen a lot of movies.
So that actually changes a lot too.
Yeah.
But I think if you took an average pull of guys my age, like my friends or whatever,
I think most of them probably would know Kramer versus Kramer.
But this was the whole genesis of Ask a Millennial.
There was the difference between us and, you know, my generation.
But all right.
Anyways, I'm sorry.
Go ahead, Bizzo.
And let me put it this way.
Roadhouse is my old man's favorite movie,
and my old man's, I think, 73 now.
Oh, there we go.
So, like, no offense, R.A., but.
No, watch Twitter how many fucking people have done it.
Oh, yeah, we're going to get torched for this one, Whit.
Absolutely.
All right, last question for you two more specifically,
and this is from C.Josephine28.
What's the most money you've seen or heard a player spend
on their Halloween costume or makeup?
All right, how old?
Oh.
It's got to be an obscene note.
I'd say 1,000.
Yeah.
Is it?
You know what, though?
I was saying just the other day, it's this
the past couple years since I've been out of the NHL,
it's really blown up to where guys are having professional makeup stuff done.
I don't remember that as big when I was playing.
I remember, like, Shattenkirk last year did the Ice King,
or what is it, the Night King from Game of Thrones.
It must have taken three, four hours and cost, I would say, over a grand.
But I haven't heard any numbers really above what Biz said.
Yeah, I just  I mean, people would get professional, like, face painting and stuff.
And, yeah, sure, a costume.
But, I mean, Chris, how much more can you spend?
I mean, 1,000, that's a lot of money on something you're going to wear one night.
Yeah, and I think you should have a little more creativity.
I think it's too easy to write a check and just have somebody make you up you gotta put a little a little more effort into it i think no
okay so what's the last costume you wore ra and like we're talking when you actually dressed up
put some thought into it and tried and you walked into that party thinking i'm gonna i'm gonna be
the jaw dropper tonight i'm bringing home the cake for best best outfit um it's no secret because
i've talked about on the
show before, only because it was the last one I wore was when I went as Travis Bickle, taxi driver.
And it was so long ago, I actually had enough hair to give myself a mohawk. So it's been a long time.
But my favorite going back to college was, I was a Hare Krishna. I shaved my whole head,
except I left one ponytail. You know, Hare Krishna,
they used to be at the airport.
They would have like a, well, I guess I dressed up with a
bed sheet around me. There was some kind of crazy
religion back in the 70s.
And they were known for like hanging out at airports,
handing out literature and shit. If you've seen the movie
Airplane, you know what I'm talking about.
Are they extinct? Do they still have that religion?
Or you just don't see them around anymore?
I think there's probably still factions of them they were they were very well known in like the
1970s and 80s and anyways they had this like kind of fucking like tunic type thing on which basically
i got a peach colored bed sheet and wrapped myself in it and you had to leave like one strand of hair
coming out it almost looked like a like a high ponytail i did that one night and then the next
night i said well i'm not gonna fucking wear the same costume twice in a row the next night i
totally shaved my head.
First time I ever did.
I brought my buddies.
You think I dress bad wits.
My roommate at college dressed like a fucking detective,
so I put all his clothes on.
I just sucked on a lollipop and went as Kojak all night.
I will say this.
You dress poorly enough where I see a lot of comments about it,
but it's you.
It's all you, baby.
You know what's funny to it?
You bought a new suit, right?
Yeah, it is.
I was looking.
I had to get it for a funeral, and I had it on yesterday.
And I so bad wanted to have my wife take a picture and be like,
send this to these idiots.
But it was for a funeral, and it didn't feel right,
like fucking showing off my look for my buddy's funeral.
But, you know, like I said, when I have to look good, I look good.
He's got a white tuxedo.
I got the pink orange one, like Dumb and Dumber.
The pink Dumb and Dumber one was like half off.
This would be perfect.
Besides, it's orange and Halloween's tomorrow.
This is great.
This week's All Right Hamilton is brought to you by Quip.
One of the most important things we do for our health every day is brushing our teeth,
yet most of us don't do it properly.
Quip is a better electric toothbrush created by dentists and designers.
Quip was designed to make brushing your teeth more simple, affordable, and even enjoyable.
I've been using Quip for a while now, man, and it does.
It's a total game changer.
It's way better than just using your old traditional brush that falls apart.
You're spitting out bristles, all that garbage.
It doesn't happen with Quip.
It's got the nice sensitive sonic vibrations.
It tells you when to flip to the other side.
People brush too hard sometimes, but you don't have that problem with Quip.
It's got a built-in two-minute timer.
It lets you know to switch every 30 seconds because 90 of people don't brush
for the full two minutes they're supposed to, or they don't do it evenly.
But you've got a multi-use cover that can guide you.
I'm sorry, a multi-use cover
that you can mount to your mirror and unmounts the slide, protects your brush wherever you go,
if you're on the travel, on the run, whatever, boom, works perfect. Brush heads are automatically
delivered on a dentist-recommended schedule every three months for just 5. Why? Because three out
of four of us use bristles that are old, worn out, and ineffective. Quip is also one of the first
electric toothbrushes accepted by the ADA and has thousands of verified five-star reviews. That's the American Dental Association
if you're scoring at home. All right. Again, I love Quip because I don't like the old
ratty toothbrushes, bristles falling out. You get the free ones from your dentist. They last
for about a week. Not the same thing with Quip. So what you want to do, you want to save 25.
I'm sorry. You want to save 25. Go to getquip.com slash chicklets.
You'll get your first refill pack for free with a Quip electric toothbrush.
That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets.
Boys, I think we're close to our two-hour mark.
What?
Yeah, everyone seems to like that length.
Kelly Chase ran a little long, which is a good thing because he had some awesome hall stories so thank
you to him uh all right what else you got is that it uh yeah i think that's about it anything we
didn't get to today is you know evergreen we can get to it next episode yeah and everyone if you're
listening to this for two hours thank you that. That's incredible. I can't believe people will actually listen to us for two hours.
I'm not kidding either.
That's a long time.
So thank you, guys.
We love you.
And, guys, I'll see you, what is it, Sunday night.
See you, boys.
Everybody have a great weekend.
Be safe.
Be safe.
It's close to midnight
And something evil's lurking in the dark
