Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 122 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Nice Sunday night here.
Let's say hello to the fellas before we dive into things.
First, let's go to our producer down in New York City, Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, brother?
What's going on, guys? A little college hockey in this episode, so I'm a little excited.
Yeah, a couple of ASU guys coming on the pod, so it should be a good one.
Nice. Get those pitchforks up, or as Biz calls them, the shocker. Next up, boy, Biz,
where are you right now, Paul? I'm back in Arizona. We're going to get to my fun little trip I just experienced. We'll get to that later. I don't want to.
Okay, good.
I thought I saw you on a different state on Instagram last night.
I'm curious to hear that myself.
And last but certainly not least, our buddy, Ryan Whitney.
What's up, wit dog?
What's going on, fellas?
Biz, I got a bunch of questions about that.
Yeah.
Ethan Ramsey, man, that guy.
We talked a lot of shit about that clown.
Well, I think you talked more shit about him.
I was more, I thought he could make the coast.
I was playing hockey with him, boys.
I was feeding him some one-timers.
He's not that bad.
He's a freak athletically, I bet.
He probably could play.
Probably better than me.
Stronger ankles, that's for sure.
All right, we'll get to that a little later. But we got our first coach canning of the year.
And, Biz, man, you had the scoop on this.
I don't know if you had the scoop or you had some intel or what,
but John Stevens fired as coach of the Los Angeles Kings today,
ironically, after a win.
Usually coaches get canned after a loss.
He was canned after a win.
What's your take, Biz, man?
You saw this coming.
Yeah, I mean, that's obviously too good of a lineup for the startup they've
started the season they've had um you know john stevens has always been always been nice to me
i guess my opinion on it is is he's very much like sutter and i don't think being around the
rink is is a lot of fun it's very structured and oh really yeah it's yeah really? Yeah, it's a little dull, and that's a fun group of guys.
It's every day they're harping on systems.
I just think it was time for a change because the 82-game schedule, boys,
you've got to have fun, and they just weren't providing a lot of offense.
I think that that system may be wearing guys down physically.
They play a hard game, and they limit the other team's chances.
I mean, analytically, they've looked good over the last couple years.
They don't allow many good quality scoring chances.
You know, they play as a good five-man unit,
but the way the NHL is going is just a lot more speed involved.
And, I mean, you saw a team like Anaheim.
They've tried to adapt, too.
They completely changed the way they do things.
Obviously, things haven't worked out unbelievable for them to start the year
as possession-wise and shot-wise.
I think they've been getting smoked.
But I think it's time to move away from the old-time thinking
on the way it should be played.
I think some new blood in there with Willie Desjardins
is going to be nice for them.
And I still believe in that group of guys.
I've talked about it.
I like a lot of them in that locker room,
and they're winners.
And I think that they can turn this around.
Yeah, I'm really curious to see,
because sometimes you will see the occasional coaching shakeup,
and teams actually catch fire.
I mean, it's almost like they were like, get out of the room.
I'm not saying this is Stevens, but they're just, they've tuned them out.
And then guys start getting going and confidence clicks.
And I'm much, I mean, it could happen with them.
But Biz, like you're saying, they haven't played quick.
Now, I don't know if they, if that's been the style that Stevens, you know,
was really kind of wanted them to be playing.
Or it's just that they don't have that quick of a team.
So, like, I think of San Jose playing L.A. right now,
and I just see them out skating them.
I just picture never getting to lose Pox, the Kings.
So maybe the coach switches it up, but it's one of those things right now
where Rob Blake's thinking, you can't trade everyone.
You can't fire the players.
You can't fire the coach.
How many years has he  I think he's in the last year of his deal too.
You know, I agree with you, and it could be a mixture of both.
But, you know, from my time I spent in the organization,
he coaches very similarly to Sutter,
and they're not really stretching out the ice much.
It's always a five-man unit, always coming back inside the dots,
you know, opening up. And when you're not spreading things out, you're a little easier
to defend. And I think that everyone just kind of knows their system now. And, you know, when they
do catch fire, when they're playing well-structured hockey and they're getting the goaltending,
especially, yeah, that's when they're very difficult to beat. But if they don't get it,
if they can't get it done in net, and now Quickie's down for a little bit,
I'd imagine he's going to be gone at least for four weeks.
You know, it's tough for them because they just can't produce the offense.
And shout out to whoever really made the final decision.
I guess it's Rob Blake.
You know other people are always involved in firing a coach.
But they did it after a win.
So he probably said, oh said oh fuck i needed that win
oh boys he's just thank you he's not even saying that but thinking thanks boys i needed that one
it still gets gassed so it's the old fake uh we had it planned for sunday no matter what happened
in the game do you guys wonder if maybe you know there's a chance that stevens is a bit of a fall
guy here like this ross is just not up to snuff it doesn't matter that's's coaching them. That's what I mean. That's kind of what I was getting at.
And that if it does change, you know, all right,
they were sick of him or they didn't like his style.
But if it doesn't, you got to think Stevens will probably be watching them
looking at it like, what else did you want me to do?
I think that they're better than what they've showed.
So it was what they really had to do as a team.
I mean, you can't let this get too out of control,
and it's right on its way right now.
Well, you said that this was potentially the last year of his deal.
I don't know that 100.
I think he was.
I think he was.
Grinelli, get on that if you can.
Yeah, but if it is, I mean, what's the point?
You might as well try to shake things up now to salvage the season.
It doesn't seem like the guys are responding to his systems
or the voice in the locker room.
And I'll say this, guys.
In today's day and age
if you're not a players coach I don't want to say guys turn on you quick it's just you know all of a
sudden there's some some conflict and especially with the age of that locker room there's a lot of
strong voice in in there for guys who have gotten the job done so you know sometimes it's you got to
pick the players over the coach I mean that's usually always the case but especially in a
scenario like this yeah it's interesting I mean they had seven over the coach. I mean, that's usually always the case, but especially in a scenario like this. Yeah, it's interesting. I mean, they had seven years at
Darryl Sutter and they only had 95 games. That's all Steven's got. He got all of last season,
13 games this season. So I don't know if he was on a two-year deal, three-year deal.
But guys, what kind of coaches Deja didn't? What do you guys know about him, if anything?
I know nothing about him. I know that he's always had a winning record. He's never had a losing
record since he was head coach in the NHL.
But I just  I think that, like I said, the two coaches,
Sutter and then Stevens, were very similar.
I mean, Stevens was his assistant coach when they won it.
So, I mean, I'm going to imagine that was the exact same things
being reinforced day in and day out, and that just dried out.
Yeah, and I don't know much about Willie Desjardins.
I do know that guys love playing for him that I talk to.
I don't think he's, you know, full-blown players coach,
doesn't get mad at guys.
I think he holds people accountable and very intense.
But I've heard guys really enjoy playing for him.
So, I mean, he's going to have to switch some things up, though.
You know, that's when the coach comes in the next day.
There's all new lines.
You know, he's having meetings with players saying, listen, we're starting over here.
I mean, I can think when Terrian came in, when Ed Olchek was fired my rookie year,
I mean, those were bad meetings.
He came in like, you motherfucker.
I see how you play, you piece of shit.
Time is over.
Your fucking time is now to start playing like a real man, you fucking pussy.
So I don't think the meetings with DeJardin will be like that,
but he'll probably say to guys, you got to get going a little bit.
Yeah, so there's a big first coaching fire of the year.
I'm sure there'll be more because this is the NHL.
One other quick note, Marco Sturm is also named as one of the assistants
for Deja Dan, a great little player when he was around.
Now let's shift in gears to some more 1,000-game accomplishments.
I wonder if this is a record for the most 1,000 games
that players have achieved in one season.
We've already had Duncan Keith, Thomas Vilcanic, Ryan Suter, Jason Spezza.
And since our last show, defenseman Ron Hainsey on Toronto
and Buffalo forward Jason Parmenville each got their 1,000th game
over the last several days.
So like we said, man, hats off to these guys who were able
to get a whole 1,000 games in the league.
Yeah, and I think of Ron Hainsey.
He's a New England guy from Connecticut, played at Lowell in college,
was a high pick by the Canadians, but an awesome player,
was a great skater, could move the puck.
And as his NHL career went along, he changed almost into a PK guy
and kind of a shutdown defenseman that's making great decisions, a real veteran on the Toronto Blue Line now.
So congrats to him on an amazing career.
I mean, that's just someone that I think about right away
when you're listing those names because growing up he was two years older than me,
but, yo, I always heard about him.
He was, you know, a stud playing hockey in his teens.
So congrats to him and all these guys.
I mean, I wonder actually what the record is.
It's a good question if we can get somebody on that.
Fuck, that's all.
In the playoffs at NHL Network, Elias Sports Bureau sends a guy
to like hang out and watch games every night
and just comes up with stats every two seconds.
He'd know right away.
He'd know right away how many guys played 1,000 games in one year.
R.A.'s our rain, man.
He's got all the stats.
But I got a couple here, actually.
Two more guys that are coming up here.
Brooks Orpik, he's at 992.
And Dion Phaneuf, who's probably going to get there before him, at 994.
A couple other ones, boys.
This is a fun fact.
Only 4 of players who play one NHL game end up achieving the 1,000-game milestone.
Wow. 4 of players who play one NHL game end up achieving the thousand game milestone. So that's,
but we talk all the time about how strong of a crop there was in the,
the mid eighties that were players born.
Sorry.
In the mid eighties,
I did a little research here of players born in 84 and 85.
There are currently 18 of them with 850 games played or more.
19 if you include Dustin Bufflin sitting at 839.
So that's a lot of guys in those two birth years that are prepared in the next few years
that will probably hit the 1,000-game milestone.
We talked about that 0-3 draft that I was a part of.
A majority of those players are 85s.
Yeah, and the 2003 draft, which we talk about,
was the greatest draft of all time.
If you ever want to look at a draft, check that thing out in the names.
But I believe Bergeron and Shea Weber were second-rounders.
So, yeah, that makes sense.
I mean, that means that there could be a year in the near future
where there is 10, 12 guys that get to 1,000 in the same season.
So maybe our record that we're ensuring will be broken, all right?
Not sure if you guys happened to catch that graphic
that was floating around Twitter from the 2002 Buffalo Sabres training camp.
They had five guys there, and three of them are TV analysts.
One of them is the Sabres GM, and last one, Palmaville, is still playing
because Rob Ray is an analyst. Andrew Peters
is an analyst. Matan Baran is an analyst
and Jason Bartle is the GM
and he's still slugging along 16 years
later. So kudos to Palmaville
for still getting their done because he had, I think, a couple goals.
I think he had two tucks too in that game when it was
his 1,000th game celebration. So it was
his 1,000th first game. Is that how you say it?
He had three points. He had three points. I saw game. So how do you say it? Three points.
He had three points.
I saw that.
And they smoked Ottawa 9-2, I believe.
Yeah, they were feeding them all the second half of the game
to try to get in the hat trick, too.
And guys, since Palminville started playing alongside Jeff Skinner
and Jack Eichel, they are the highest scoring line in the NHL.
Skinner with eight goals, five assists.
Palminville with seven goals, six assists. And Eichel with one
goal, 11 assists. Palminville
turning back the clock.
And that's just October 20th.
What? The Sabres, man.
October 20th. Holy.
Hey, Grinelli, your Sabres over
points was, I mean,
that looks nice right now. It looks
real nice. What was it, 82?
I got them at 79 and a half. Dude. It looks real nice. What was it, 82? I got him at 79 and a half.
Dude.
It's a lock.
Good, Chuck.
Oh, there you just lost.
They just lost 12 straight.
Fucking whammy.
Whammy.
He's calling you a lock.
He's been good with the future bets lately.
He had the Boston Red Sox at a pretty good number midseason.
And speaking of numbers, R.A.,
we've got a couple more signings in the nhl
yes the national predators just got renee back off the injured reserve the other day and they
gave him a two-year 10 million dollar extension for the next two years after this one a little
five million dollar average annual value pretty team-friendly deal what do you guys think of that
one well i think it's a hell of a deal for the Preds, who also we've talked about has a great backup in Saros.
But how about Rene?
What an athlete. The guy goes out, signs a 10 million contract,
comes off the IR, and on his birthday,
shuts out the Bruins, first star.
Just, I mean, that's just have a day for yourself.
Jesus Christ, I couldn't have it.
I didn't have a career like that.
He had one day.
Hey, Whit and R.A., here's a little crazy fun fact for you guys.
So when he signed his seven-year extension, it was also on his birthday.
I believe it was six years ago because he still has, of course,
this year left on his deal.
Really?
It was on his birthday, and guess what?
He got a shutout against the Arizona Coyotes.
And then now fast forward six years later,
he gets a two-year extension for 10 million on his birthday,
plays that night against Boston off the IR, and gets another shutout.
So there's a little fun fact for you.
I'm just full of him tonight.
He should sign his contracts during the playoffs though, on big games,
maybe like a big game seven in the conference finals or something.
Oh, already coming with the heat when he's got his own goaltending issues
to worry about with the Boston Bruins. Why? Halak's fucking got the leading safe percentage in the league, 9.A. coming with the heat when he's got his own goaltending issues to worry about with the Boston Bruins.
Why?
Halak's fucking got the leading safety percentage in the league, 9-5.
I would call that a goaltending issue considering the starter's not doing that.
I don't know.
Two good goalies.
I don't think that's ever a problem.
Halak's just playing a lot better right now.
Who else signed a nice deal, R.A.?
Funny, a guy we were talking about last year,anni gourd tampa bay and i i read up on
this kid man he signed a six year 31 million dollar extension now this is a kid he played
four years in the queue never drafted he played in the ahl for a couple seasons and in tampa day
tampa bay discovered him he's one of these undersized guys who for some reason scouts and
teams ignore uh tampa bay brought him in last year he had, what did he do, 82 games last year.
His first complete season in the NHL, 25 goals, 39 assists.
He started off this year a house of fire, and they said,
hey, let's lock this kid up.
What's interesting, too, he was 25 years old last year,
his first full season in the NHL.
But this looks like money well spent.
I know he's got a small sample size, but it's a very good sample size.
And this looks like a good sign for Tampaa and they're making a lot of them it seems like they
keep dropping these team-friendly um contract extensions with guys and this is this is an
actual awesome feel-good story yanni gordon and and i mean now he's set for life 31 million thanks
for coming not a big deal i, I mean, that's way,
that's more than I made and look at my life. So, I mean, this guy's money,
but think about this.
This guy spent a little time in the coast and biz you,
if someone who also made it to the NHL play in the coast,
that's so unlikely, dude. I mean, you see it a little bit,
a little more happen a little more often now but still i mean
the odds are stacked against you that that's a that's along with this guy never being drafted
four years in the queue i'm i wish i checked i'm assuming one of those is his overage year
which is another thing most guys who play overage year and junior they're never making the nhl
correct on that well just the journey is a lot harder yeah that's the guys who are drafted are
going to get the opportunity these guys get pushed down and keep in mind like when he was playing
in the coast like you're still towards the era where they wanted guys with size and now the game
shifted towards more speed and and pace of course that benefited him but uh yeah definitely a feel
good story and i mean similar to the tuck situation where you get a guy at a little bit cheaper price
giving him the long-term deal he doesn't have to sign any type of bridge deal and he gets to
security and I mean it man right now he's a point of game 13 games into the season and if he can
maintain that even if you're a 65 to 70 point guy in today's NHL I mean that's a hell of a bargain
I keep reiterating it on the podcast, too.
It's such an advantage for these teams that are in states with no state tax.
I mean, right?
Did you see what I retweeted?
No, no, no.
I retweeted the video of you in Nashville with Jalen Ramsey,
and then some kid responded,
this is infatuated with reminding us what state and national taxes have to do
with the city you play in.
And I read you, and I'm like, he loves it.
You just did it right there.
Well, you know, we talked about potentially the NHL adjusting it
because it's such an advantage for those teams.
Oh, I agree with you.
I don't know if we have the same number of listeners we did when I was the first time
or the second time or the third time I'd mentioned it.
So I just wanted to  every time a guy signs in a state with no state tax
Texas, Florida, Tennessee, we're on it.
There's three guarantees in life.
What's the saying?
There's three guarantees, death, taxes, and something?
It's usually two, death and taxes, but some people
Yeah, but now there's three, death, taxes, and me reiterating that states that don't have state tax,
I'll remind you. There you go.
So two of them are tax-related. It's going to be interesting, though,
to see what Tampa does moving forward. Like the GM said, it's a good problem to have having to sign
all these guys because they got almost 32, roughly 32 million tied up on just four guys, Stamkos,
Kucherov, McDonough, and Hedman.
It's a lot of dough for the four guys.
Obviously, they're worth the money.
So, you know, they're probably going to have to lose one of their regulars
or a couple regulars to get in line contract-wise over the next several months.
But, again, it's a good problem to have.
A lot of good players who need to be paid.
Every fan wished they had that issue.
Mikey, we got some college talk coming up, huh?
We do.
We got a couple of Arizona State guys coming on.
You know, both two studs, they lead the team this year.
Both lead the team in points.
Arizona State's a wagon this year, boys.
It's pretty fun to watch.
I mean, this is a school that four years ago was playing club hockey.
I mean, I played club hockey.
Like, that's a joke.
So now it's cool to see them playing against
big schools like Penn State,
Ohio State. So I mean, I'm
excited for the future of Arizona State
hockey. I think it's going to be the mecca of college
hockey. And we have
a great interview here, boys. Pretty easy
recruiting at ASU. We got
Tyler Bush and Johnny Walker
coming on. We're going to intro them right now.
Hope you guys enjoy a little ASU action. This interview was brought to you by Dollar Shave
Club. I love that Dollar Shave Club has everything I need to look, feel, and smell my best. What I
love even more is the fact that I never have to go to the store again. That's because Dollar Shave
Club delivers everything I need right to my door, and they keep me fully stocked on what I use so I
don't run out. Here's how it works. Dollar Shave Club has everything you need right to my door. And they keep me fully stocked on what I use so I don't run out.
Here's how it works.
Dollar Shave Club has everything you need to get ready,
no matter what you're getting ready for.
They have you covered from head to toe for your hair, your skin, your face,
you name it, they have it.
And they have this new program where they automatically keep you stocked up on the products you use.
You determine what you want, when you want it,
and it shows up right at your door from once a month to once every six months.
That's what I do for the Dollar Shave Club toothpaste. As you get older, certain things
need a little more maintenance. You got to take care of them a little better. That happens with
your teeth when you get a little older. I love the Dollar Shave Club toothpaste. My teeth feel
a lot cleaner. I feel my breath is a lot fresher. That's my go-to and the best part. I don't have
to go to the store anymore. It comes automatically. And plus with the handsome discount, the more you
buy, the more you save.
And right now, they've got a bunch of starter sets you can try for just 5,
like their oral care kit.
After that, the restock box ships regular-sized products at regular price.
So what are you waiting for?
Get your starter set for just 5 right now at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets. That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
I want to welcome to the podcast
a few of my close friends
now that I've been to my first
ever college hockey game
at ASU. A few
members of the Sun Devils hockey team
who have had a very good start
to the season, 7-3.
And the two scoring leaders of the team are going to join us,
Johnny Walker and Tyler Bush.
Welcome to the podcast, ladies and gentlemen.
What's going on?
Thanks, boys.
I said ladies.
I don't know why the fuck I just said that.
I thought you were kind of chirping them.
Maybe Walker after that little canoe incident.
Let's just jump right into that.
What is this?
I don't know what this incident is.
But he scored the OT winner against Penn State,
who I believe is ranked fifth in the nation right now,
or at least they were last week until ASU went and spanked them.
And he scored the OT winner and did a little canoe move.
Yo, can I chime in on this?
Okay.
I had a perfect view on the ice of this
um so what happened actually was in the third period we were up two goals this kid
from penn i think you guys actually put it on your instagram this kid from penn state
picked up the puck like with cross guile and tucked it in the net pretty damn yeah
you know who originally did that? You know who did that first?
Paul Bissonnette?
Are you shitting me?
No, the guy didn't tweet out a funny tweet.
The guy lifted the puck up. It was Mike Legg on Michigan in, like, 96, I think.
You young guys just don't even know.
Fuck.
I was born in 96, Wes.
Suck on that.
I was born in 96 Suck on that
Anyways this guy goes all the way
Like sellies to the red line like a
Jackass kind of and right away
Johnny looks at me on the bench and he goes
Let me score and I'm going to top
That one and sure
As shit he gets a
Breakaway in overtime and
I see him talk and then he sellies all the way down the ice and slides on his ass
and does the fucking canoe.
Like, it was unbelievable.
But biggest win for our program, and it was a great feeling.
But, yeah, Johnny kind of stole the spotlight there.
Well, Bushy, you were the one who sent in that pass, right?
Oh, buttery sauce.
All the way up the ice.
Quick look. I mean, never on never not on the far
blue line so he knows i'm always there you guys you guys are currently one and two on the team
and scoring uh i mean hockey bd is a bit of a gong show when it comes to college hockey but
currently uh 10 games played walker you have 11 goals that That leads the nation. Yes. 11 goals, 6 assists for 17 points.
And, Bushy, I think you have 4 goals, 7 assists for 11 points,
which is 1 and 2 on the team.
Am I correct?
I think that's right.
Wow.
You guys are probably too banged up to remember celebrating that big win
at Penn State.
Unfortunately, though, game one there on the Friday,
you guys had the lead going into the third period and you guys ended up blowing it. Nice to compose yourselves, come back
Saturday and get that OT win. Yeah, it was, that was a tough one. Those, those kind of things we
had, I think we had a two goal lead and that's a, it's a tough building. They, that crowd kind
of gets into it. They scored, I think, three in like seven seconds or something.
It was insane.
But they're a good team.
But to bounce back, I mean, to top it off in overtime felt pretty good.
But like what she said, it was a huge win for the program.
So I want to get in a little bit into kind of the start of the program
because I have some questions of my own.
I'm sure the listeners do.
But quickly, I'm curious.
Do you guys fly
private or are you on pigeon commercial
flights when you travel?
Actually,
this one was a charter flight.
Oh!
Not a
big deal.
They're giving you guys pink Whitney's after the split?
Fuck, on the way home?
Is that good or what?
I don't know.
Yeah, so this one was chartered.
I mean, great school, good funding.
And we flew right in and then uh flew right out after uh
after saturday's saturday's big win but usually usually we fly uh like you said with pigeon but
um it's uh we we got a pretty good setup and and we're pretty well taken care of well let's talk
about how you guys got to d1 which is a wild wild story. I was talking to your coach, Greg Powers, who's been there for,
this is his ninth season now.
And he did an article with a kid at the school.
And one of the questions was,
what do you think it would take to get this program to D1?
And he said, probably, you know, between 30 and 40 million.
And sure enough, in that same week,
a silent donation of 32 million. And sure enough, in that same week, a silent,
a silent donation of 32 million was offered to the school.
And that's what got the fucking ball rolling,
which is,
which is an amazing story.
And that's how it all got going.
Correct.
Yeah,
it was,
I think,
I think we kind of know,
but it's still supposed to be pretty silent.
It's a huge donation and,
and definitely, definitely jumpstarted,-started what we have now.
But quick story.
I had, when they first committed D1, I'm from Arizona,
so obviously wanted to go here.
I damn near had to beg Greg Powers just to offer me anything
to play at this school I think he
finally just said yes so I'd shut up but uh our funding's unbelievable and and obviously it's
it's tribute to where we're where we're headed now did that have anything to do what kind of
shape you were in I mean yeah I was a I was a I was a unit I I guess. Oh, I got the picture.
We're going to post it to Instagram.
You got a huge barrel on you in the photo before.
When you were begging him to sign, you had a body like a milk bag.
You looked like wit.
No, you looked worn.
An absolute unit, 6'2", 30.
Not a lot of back checks, but I was open in the slot all the time.
Were you a defenseman?
Yeah, I actually started as a defenseman.
That wasn't great.
Wait, all right.
So your coach that Biz is talking about, his ninth year,
and this is, is it third or fourth year D1?
Third?
This is the fourth year, three complete years of d1 okay okay so that
means he spent a lot of time i mean have you talked to guys that were before you that played
club that like knew i think this guy's way beyond a club hockey coach i mean he could coach a legit
d1 program did everyone always know how smart he was And do you guys really enjoy playing for him? Yeah, I'll turn that one to Bushy.
He was a part more of that club atmosphere when he first got here.
Yeah, I mean, my first year we still had, like, there was a bit of a turnover
and we still had a handful of the club guys.
And I can't say enough about that group of guys.
They, you know, they played two two or three maybe four years of club
hockey and then and then got a chance to play division one and um you know we we struggled a
bit that first year and um you know such a good group of guys that just wanted to be here and
you know kind of build the foundation here for us and um like you said our coaches is you know he's
he's great with with motivating us to be the best we can.
And, you know, he's done such a good job of recruiting.
And that's our whole coaching staff.
And, you know, they've traveled all over North America and Europe and, you know, recruited, you know, a great group of guys.
And I think we're finally starting to see, you know, the success.
And I think we're finally starting to see, you know, the success.
So, you know, after a couple of years of, you know, not  we struggled a bit,
but, you know, just kind of grinding through it.
Now we're kind of starting to see results.
So just being here, it's cool to see the whole thing unfold.
So what is the crowd like for you guys?
And I'm pretty sure that back when it was a club program,
they were still getting thousands a game, right?
I think we're maxed out at 1,000 right now.
Is that what you guys are at?
Oh, Grinnelly, what do you got?
That's all they can fit.
Oh, must be a sick atmosphere, though.
I mean, teams fucking hate playing there,
and we kind of feed off that.
I mean, you got all those pussies from BU and BC that  Whoa, BC?
Yeah, sorry at BU we like huge weight.
We could fit 1,000 people in our weight room.
I've never scored a goal from the gym.
Yeah, I know.
I've's your body
yeah no shit uh no but it's it's a tight rank and i mean uh they do they do fill fill people
in there and i i mean i love playing there i know uh there's there's a lot of talk uh about
a rink coming soon but uh we use it as an advantage. I mean, not a lot of teams want to come in and play there,
and I think we play better there.
We've played at Gila River a couple times and not as good results.
So we use it to our advantage and just make the most of what we got.
Now, you just said that a new rink could be coming.
Is that something they're telling recruits when they're recruiting them? Like, we have a new rank is, is could be coming as now, is that something they're telling recruits?
Like when they're recruiting them, like we have a new arena on the way,
you know, our facility, we're going to upgrade our facilities.
Cause I mean, the, the rank doesn't look like it's a division one rank.
No, it's a, it's actually the, the rank I grew up playing might hockey.
And so it kind of full circle, but yeah, there, I think it's, I, I think it's pretty close to coming out.
It's right around the corner.
I'm sure they're going to be breaking ground soon.
So, I mean, once this program gets a rink,
it would be pretty hard to turn down Arizona State and Division I hockey
and the whole atmosphere with a rink on top of it.
Would they put the rink on campus or would it be off campus?
It would be on campus, yeah.
Which means you can't booze, right?
Is that the rule?
Some campuses you can.
I think they just changed the rule where you can actually sell booze
at college sports.
You know better than me, Biz.
No, I'm off the piss, boys.
I've been just over two months sober,
but enough of the loser talk on my end.
A little backstory too, though.
Before you guys had turned D1,
there was a four-year stretch there
where you guys went to national championship
as a club hockey team.
Finally, in the third year of going,
you guys ended up, or the ASU ended up winning it.
Obviously, that probably had a lot to do with the fact
that people were starting to take the program there
a little bit more seriously.
Yeah, I mean, they had some great teams there.
They had a great club program going here,
and a lot of those guys are still around here
and still pop in and show their faces.
So, obviously, a lot of history there here and, you know, still pop in and show their faces. So, obviously, you know, a lot of history there.
And like you said, I think that has a big part of why we went to Division I.
And, you know, those guys just being around, they kind of, you know,
support what we're doing here.
And, you know, the fact that we went to Division I, I think,
really excites those guys.
And they can look back and, you back and say they played hockey at Arizona State
and it's a pretty cool relationship between us and those guys that play club.
Where do you guys see the program in 10 years?
I've been saying for months now, I would love to see a Pac-12 in college hockey.
USC, UCLA, Oregon, Washington, schools like that.
Do you see you guys riding this out as independent,
joining a conference sometime soon?
Like, where do you see the future of the program?
Yeah, well, I know, like, UNLV, they're trying to, like,
replicate what we're doing.
I know USC and, like, UCLA have good, like, club programs and everything.
My brother's actually, he's playing hockey here, not on the pod,
but he can actually skate this way better skater than me.
I told him by the time he's 18, 19, this program is going to be lights out.
Once there's a rink, like I said earlier, how would you ever say no to Arizona
and then what you could accomplish as a hockey player here too
is just no other place you could compare.
And then especially when UNLV and I think those other teams get on board,
I think it's eventually going to be something pretty special
down in the south here.
Well, you guys, you kind of bring up what I'm really interested in.
And I've told my story of my official visit on the podcast before.
I won't go into it again, but, you know, it involves me getting crushed,
Daisy Buchanan.
It's just old school things back in 2000, 2001.
But what are you doing now?
And I've heard the pool scene at ASU.
Is it true that dorms have pools and there's just rockets laying around?
I mean, you got to be carrying them, walking around the pool.
How does it go at a school like this?
It's not BU where you're walking down Calm Avenue and you're cold as shit.
Yeah, I mean, it's pretty sick.
Anything away from the rink, like you spend, you know,
two or three hours at the rink a day, but then you go home. And I mean,
like you said, my, my freshman year, we basically lived on a resort and,
you know, we got a pool and you know, the way I see it, it's like,
we kind of get a bad rep at times and people think, well, you,
Arizona state's just a party school, but it's like,
it doesn't matter where you're going to school. If it you know Minnesota Michigan Alaska you know every college team parties and has a good time and
and picks their spots but you know the way I see it I think just you know our parties are a little
bit better probably and we probably got better better looking girls so yeah I mean I mean it's
a great place to live it's a great place to live. It's a great place to play hockey. And I think, like Johnny said, the program is just going to take off,
especially once we get a new facility and a new rink and everything.
Johnny, rumor has it they made you eat a salad for the first time
on your school visit.
No, it was actually a Michelob Ultra.
It was a balsamic vinaigrette beer.
At that time, my actual actual visit which was unofficial had to pay for myself um i they told me stay away from the cheeseburgers and uh pizza wasn't worth it anymore
i was still about 210 there i dropped 20 pounds but i still i had more to do a few of the boys
well especially grinnell might know more of the story.
Talk to us about scrapping with, was it Michigan Tech's head coach last year?
What happened?
Give us the whole story from start to beginning.
It actually started, we played that Vegas tournament which we won also
not a big deal
then
so we played them once there
and then we chartered to Michigan Tech
no pigeon flight
and then
so we played a couple games there
first night I had a few
points and then the second night
I had two and almost as ridiculous of a selly
as I had the other night right at their bench.
And their coach, I think, maybe had it out for me.
So we were down like two goals at the end of the third.
We pulled our goalie, and there was like a little bit of a scrap.
So I figured I'd throw the pot i uh skate over their bench uh lean up against their bench like
a total asshole um and their coach is just he's got a foot over the boards like foot on the boards
ripping me i look back and i said yeah i'd be pissed too if all my points came against you guys. And he snapped a little bit.
And then with like two seconds left, I tried to take a run at one of their kids.
He had the puck, and I figured might as well get my first hit of the season.
And I dodged it a little bit.
Then there was like kind of a brawl, and I was skating back.
And I see, I look over, and their coach is ass hauling across the ice
just just uh mf and me coming right at me i am smiling like what's he gonna he can't
oh you're gonna hit me like you can't do anything and then uh i look over our bench and uh alex hick
our uh our assistant coach uh he i just see him like like absolutely fly over the boards he's got
to be four feet over the boards running out of the ice uh he played uh he played in the show for a
while had a few fights and i've never seen a scarier look like it was completely blank there
was not you guys i think you guys put it on spit and chiclets, but there was just nothing. Like no one was home, and I think he tried to rip his head off.
So it was kind of nice to get under his skin a little bit,
but I think we won the season series, which is a bit nicer.
So, A, did you guys patch it up after?
Like has there been any communication or phone calls since that incident?
did you guys patch it up after like has there been any communication or phone call since that incident no i uh i actually played against or played with uh their assistant coach and uh he he came up like
hugging me during the big brawl he's like johnny like you can't be doing that stuff you know like
you you can't do that you know you can't do that and i'm just sitting there thinking like
that's why you guys picked me two years ago. Like, you loved it two years ago,
and now you're on the other side and you hate it.
But I think our coach called them Bush League.
And, I mean, like I said, we won the season series.
So we'll take the laughs on that.
That's a pretty good story right there.
For college hockey, I mean, that's as good as it'll but uh i'm pretty tough with a cage on oh yeah who is it man i was tough as shit talking until i had
if i tell you nothing protecting my face and guys ready to punch my head in but um for people who
don't know a teammate of yours happens to be mario lem's son. And I don't know if you guys have got a roommate.
Oh, so what's that?
Like, I mean, are you trying not to grill the kid with questions?
Are you always asking about his dad?
Because that's just someone that, you know,
everyone wants to meet if they've ever played hockey.
So a little flashback to the other podcast where Biz talked about the wink.
He winked at me before that game that you were at
and then he winked at me again uh two winks which is more than your one wink biz but um it is it is
un unbelievable it's it just it rains like it's like like heaven's gates just open and it's the
world's mario right yeah it's just like it's just him and his face and his wink it's just it's just Mario Rice. Yeah, it's just like it's just him and his face
and his wink. It's just unbelievable.
So I actually
just met him yesterday.
Awesome.
Great, great kid. Super nice.
He's
like, yeah, you just need to go up to my dad
and just say what's up.
I don't think he understands it. It just
doesn't really work like that. I don't think he understands it. It just doesn't really work like that.
Oh, it's Mario.
Mario Lemieux gives a shit what I have to say,
so I kind of stay away.
But I met him yesterday,
and I couldn't get away fast enough
before I said something stupid.
But, you know, a lot of kids,
you know, they grow up maybe a little spoon-fed.
And Austin's so down-to-earth and a great hockey player.
I think that a lot of people were kind of looking down on him
and maybe comparing him to Mario, which I mean, like,
who's going to fill those shoes anyways?
But he's a great kid and a great hockey player.
It's good to have him on the ice this year,
and it's something special living with him too.
He's a clown.
Scare the shit out of him all the time.
He's a jumpy bastard.
So, yeah, just hiding under his bed, grabbing his leg.
I think he's going to have a heart attack soon.
Oh, geez, that's torture for the poor kid.
Hey, you know, first time, I'm hoping your first time meeting Mario
wasn't similar to mine because I was so hungover I had to go throw up
right after I met him outside Mellon Arena.
So hopefully
Hey, I feel like it's like getting knighted when he winks at you.
That's his version of it.
He, like, gives you the wink and then
No, you need, like, ten winks to be knighted. You guys are at you that's his version of it like he like gives you the wink and then no you need like 10 winks to be knighted you guys are like two and one you have plenty to go to
before you get knighted by well i got my second one at the asu game when i strolled in and they
gave me that fancy parking lot at the back of the rink which i was like what i'm like they must think
it's shane don't come in or something so what was that about hey john, was it you who I was taking the piss next to in the locker room?
Yeah, so I'm mounted up.
I got the tripod look going.
I got the hand on the wall.
Can't pee.
Just nervous piss.
And then I look over.
I see these absolutely disgusting shoes, so ugly.
I'm like, who is this jackass?
Who is this?
And I look over. It's you. I'm like who is this jackass who is this i look over it's you i'm like no way no way so that's why you had stage fright you were in my presence i i mean you talk about
your wrenching off it's got a lot of hype and i don't know a lot of skin too yeah holy shit. He's getting his favorite business award.
I'm just getting lit up by college kids right now.
We're going to have to fucking redo the intro.
I'm afraid to go to a college party.
Get tortured.
But, yeah, I looked over.
I was like, holy shit, it's biz.
I don't know what I said, but, I mean, I hated them.
I wasn't a fan of Ohio State at all.
But then you left and I looked back and I see like three of the boys looking at me like,
what, are you serious?
Like, why is he in here?
What's going on?
I guess our EQ John Lossinger kind of rolled out the red carpet for you, like you said.
Oh, yeah.
Joe Rogan actually called me.
He wanted to put my dick on Fear Factor.
But I declined.
I didn't want everyone knowing my secret.
Tyler, kind of funny that you actually decommitted from Ohio State.
That was a game I went to.
What an idiot.
Well, no, not really.
You get to party with ASU girls.
Was there any animosity on the ice, or is that kind of boiled over?
You know what, a little bit.
But my first year we actually played them,
and that was kind of like the big game that I was looking forward to.
And we ended up splitting with them on the road.
So that was kind of like my, you know, my final, like.
Pretty humble brag.
You also talked in that game.
Late goal to tie it up.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, the way I look at it, like, I never went there.
I never stepped foot on campus.
And I don't, like, you know, the past is the past.
And, you know, the decision I made, I know I'm happy with.
And I'm glad I'm here.
And I'm in a great I'm glad I'm here and um I'm in a
great spot like I said so um yeah I don't I don't look at it that way and um you know we have we
had tough series with them and they're a really good team but um you know the way we're playing
I think you know I couldn't be more happy to be here right now and and I'm really excited for the
future here I just uh does uh Mario's kid ever flex the Mario
card? Like if a guy takes a run on him, he's like,
buddy, you're never going to play hockey again?
I don't think he has
one.
Boys, I got a little proposal for you.
If you could somehow talk
Austin into
getting Mario on the podcast,
we, the Spit and Chicklets
crew, would pay for your guy's rookie party.
Do you think that's a possibility?
I think it's a pretty big NCAA violation.
Oh, would you guys get in shit for that?
Oh, they'd be done, dude.
So bullshit.
I think we just got to bully Mario
into getting on the pod.
Yeah, any way you guys can do it,
be like, dude, I'll stop scaring you if you get your dad to go on the pod. Cause anyway, anyway, you guys can do it. Like be like,
dude,
I'll stop scaring you.
If you get your dad to go on the podcast and we'll get a bunch of
cats.
He just sit there and wink anyways.
Like he has nothing to say.
It'll just,
it'll just wink.
We'd have to video it.
He's a content guy.
We get some content out of a Mario wink.
That'll be on a t-shirt.
Three seconds.
Yeah.
We'll if you guys bring it up in the on the
pod we'll uh i'll i'll shout them out but i'll uh i'll talk to them right now maybe we'll just
have him and ra do content with the the instagram filters what was that holy shit that was that was
a tough one we're gonna have to talk going to have to talk to podcast
safety about that one but boys
we're going to wrap this thing up we want to thank you
both for coming on Tyler Bush who's a co-captain
for the ASU
Sun Devils hockey team and of course
our big friend Blue Label Johnny Walker
thanks boys thanks for having us
good luck the rest of the way and hopefully you guys
end up ranked when they come out again tomorrow.
That interview was also brought to you by Felix Gray.
What's up, guys and girls?
Everybody knows it's fantasy season again, football and hockey.
If you're playing from your couch, you know how exhausting it can get
to sift through the waiver wire, put together your winning lineup,
whether you're on your phone, whether you're on your laptop,
whatever device you're using, you're going to get headaches from time to time
or even dry eyes from staring at that screen for hours. Stop torturing your
eyeballs. Do what I do and protect your eyes with a pair of Felix Grey glasses. Slide them right on.
And I'm telling you, man, my eyes feel 10 times better just from using these things. You put a
pair of Felix Grey glass on, it's hands down one of the best decisions you can make if you stare
at screens all day, which I believe everybody and their sister does nowadays. We all do. It's hands down one of the best decisions you can make if you stare at screens all day, which I believe everybody and their sister does nowadays.
We all do.
It's the way of life.
Now it's 2018.
What are you going to do?
They protect your eyes by filtering out 90 of high-energy blue light
and eliminating the glare coming off all those screens.
Felix Grey glasses are available in both prescription and non-prescription,
and they're handcrafted from premium Italian acetate.
Felix Grey glasses don't have that weird yellow tint that
lets everyone know you're wearing computer glasses like Tackleberry and Police Academy.
As far as anyone knows, you're just a sophisticated dude with glasses on. I got the like whitish
style, might not wear if I had for regular glasses, but with Felix Grey, you can get a little out
there. You can try something new. You're not going to be wearing it to work. You can wear
them around the house. Try new styles. Get a little feel for yourself.
It's like getting a new pair of glasses, but it's Felix Grey,
and they don't break the bank.
The best part, no more dry eyes, no more blurry vision,
and no more stress headaches.
Order your Felix Greys today.
Shipping and returns are free.
Go to FelixGreyGlasses.com slash chicklets.
That's FelixGreyGlasses.com slash chicklets to That's FelixGrayGlasses.com slash chicklets
to protect your eyes with a pair of Felix Gray glasses.
FelixGrayGlasses.com slash chicklets.
Once again, thank you to Johnny Walker and Tyler Bush of the ASU Sun Devils.
We're throwing up the shocker.
That's what I call it.
They call it the pitchfork, but I call it the shocker.
They're not fooling anyone.
What do they say?
Two in the pink, one in the stink?
Is that how they say it?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's Cannelli style.
That's what it says on the internet.
I have no idea myself.
Boys, one thing that needs to be discussed.
Actually, I'll let you go first, Whit.
No, I just quickly, I think of the guys who played at Arizona State
when it was a club hockey team.
You know, all four years, maybe they played on the club hockey team,
and then they're just going to get better and better in 10 years.
Yeah, I played at Arizona State.
You know, they just can kind of leave out that it wasn't D1 when they did it.
Alums that played there early in the club hockey days are just loving this.
But, boy, something that we need to discuss, and, you know, I hate to bring it up.
R.A., what happened with that Instagram filter video?
You are getting heat online.
The fans, I mean, I don't know what to say.
People need to know.
They're calling for the DOP.
I was just sitting here.
You guys want me to play the video real quick?
Yeah, let's hear the audio.
Yeah, make sure you don't play it live.
I don't want to puke again.
Happy birthday, Mr. President.
Happy birthday to you.
Holy.
Let me tell you quickly before I get your explanation.
I mean, I went to bed early, and I wake up, and I got texts and tweets,
and what is this?
What the fuck?
And I watched it.
And right when I saw the filter you had on, my son was in my arms.
I almost dropped him.
I said, book away.
And I didn't want him to see what you looked like singing.
What was that?
That's funny.
I thought we were actually going to get through it without you guys forgetting. honestly i was gonna go do an instagram live i like doing that i like
taking questions from from the listeners and stuff it's pretty fun doing that and i was i'm still
kind of an instagram newbie as you know and i was scrolling through and i was fucking out the filters
and i just hit that i hit the one where the fucking doggy has come up and then i hit the next one
and right when i seen it i started laughing because like i thought like marilyn Monroe, and like my buddy used to do that, like as a joke,
he would sing like that, Marilyn Monroe, that's what I was singing, you know, you said, you called
the song Mr. President, Whitney, it's actually Happy Birthday, but I was making fun of, not
making fun, I was imitating Marilyn Monroe from that famous scene, where she basically cucked JFK
in front of Jackie O, when she sings sings happy birthday and that sultry voice.
I did it.
I was going to send it to my friend and then I watched it and I was fucking
laughing so much.
I was like, fuck it, man.
I'll just put it out there.
People know I'm a weirdo.
You were so baked, right?
I mean, not really.
The foliage one too.
I was like, I thought you might've been on like, like hard drugs.
No, no.
I just, I was freshly baked.
I was out looking at this because it was
weird it was like it was tackle but the lights lit up and the foliage looked real nice i was like oh
this is cool i says fuck it man i'll make an instagram video they're gone in 24 hours no harm
no foul it's all good plus i love freaking people out man little mick jagger david bowie and drudge
and he gets uh gets people a little uh a little weird for some reason okay well you nailed it you
freaked a lot of people out.
But I'm going to say three things.
I'm going to say three things.
I think Witt's a little jealous because you became a content guy.
That's just me.
Never, never.
That only helps me.
I don't know.
All right, you're a content guy.
You posted a couple videos and you're getting
hey, it doesn't matter what they say about it as long as they're watching.
And the money's going to roll in the more you throw out those weirdo
videos i trust me i know that well i think instagram's maybe showing that there's a side
of you people don't know like i think you do some weird shit like and i mean there is a side that
they don't respect the hell out of it but i think you do some weird shit now with instagram people
starting to see maybe how fucked up you really are, kind of.
Well, there is something that they don't know,
that he was actually gold dust.
And he retired.
Now he needs his fix, right?
Right, all right?
Yeah, a little gold dust action.
No, I'm guessing a lot of people didn't even realize it was kind of an homage
to Marilyn Monroe more than anything.
That's all.
I completely was just singing that song.
I think that's because not many grown men make homages to Marilyn Monroe.
Yeah.
Well, that's why I'm unique, man.
Marilyn was that.
Yeah, that was probably a pretty good point, Grinnelly.
Maybe if the women saw that, they were like,
Oh, Marilyn, Rears doing Marilyn.
I get it.
But the men were just confused.
And, R.A., the last point I was going to make is even after all the negativity
you got, you still kept that fucking video up for the 24 hours.
Oh, he ain't deleting it.
There ain't no chance.
And I commend you on that.
You didn't let them bully you off Instagram, and I'm proud of you for that.
So you're a soldier, my friend.
Thanks.
Yeah, I'm cognizant of how the internet works.
I've been on possible forever.
I know things fall you to the grave and look it's a fucking instagram filter
it's silly fun it's goofing around i thought it was funny again if i didn't think it was funny i
wouldn't have put it out there i i love the ripple effect that kind of caused but yeah i mean i i
know it's gonna stay there i'm sure 20 years from now i'll still be getting that fucking well in 20
years the internet people probably just think things in their head and it will come to your
head that's probably how the internet
will be back in another
fucking decade or so. But yeah, it was fun,
man. No harm, no foul. I'm sure there'll be plenty
of more weirdness coming where that came from,
I hope. Well, you're an MVP in my
books, and speaking of
MVPs, we have
Taylor fucking Hall.
And, hey,
before we get to him, I have a bone to pick with Halsey.
He hates your guts.
He was making fun of my fucking Eagle Energy swipe up ad reads
and all that business.
Let me just tell you, Halsey,
I spend this summer with Adam Oates making my fucking comeback.
I'll be sucking those Eagle Energies on the bench next season
in the National Hockey League.
Like, ovi sucks
back those dr peppers i'm skating circles around the entire league so you better watch out mr mvp
i'm coming for that ass bro so fucking right oh and speaking of taylor hall eagle energy is going
to be back next episode they bought back into the ad reads. I am pumped. They still got the biz 20
promo code pumping. So all you ego energy lovers or people who haven't tried it, give it a test.
I'll be throwing a swipe up on my Instagram. So Halsey, this one's for you, buddy. And we're
going to send it off to you now, but fucking ego energy, baby. This interview is brought to you by
Quip. One of the most important things we do for our health every day is brushing our teeth, yet most of us don't do it properly. Quip is a better electric toothbrush
created by dentists and designers, and Quip was designed to make brushing your teeth more simple,
affordable, and even enjoyable. I love the Quip so much. Like I said before, I don't like those
cheapo brushes your dentist gives you. They work good for the first two, three times, then it's
bristle city. You're spitting them out. They're in your sink. No, no, no. That doesn't happen with Quip. Quip, I love the sensitive
sonic vibrations on my gums. People brush too hard. Some electric brushes are too abrasive.
Not the story with Quip. And you got a built-in two-minute timer that pulses every 30 seconds
to let you know when to switch sides. So you get a nice full and even clean because up to 90 of
us don't brush our teeth for the full two minutes and they don't clean them evenly. It's also got a nice multi-use cover. You can mount it on your
mirror, put it in your travel bag, whatever you need to do. It declutters your sink, your cabinet,
and makes traveling with an electric toothbrush way easier. Also, Quip doesn't require a clunky
charger, and it runs for three months on one charge. That's pretty sick. Brush heads are
automatically delivered on a dentist-recommended
schedule every three months for just 5. So cheap, can't beat it. Three out of four of us use
bristles that are old, worn out, and ineffective. And Quip is one of the first electric toothbrushes
accepted by the American Dental Association and has thousands of verified five-star reviews.
I love Quip, again, because it's way better than those cheapos that the dentist gives you or the ones at the drugstore where you're spitting bristles out. Doesn't
happen with Quip. I'm a big Quip guy. They're backed by over 20,000 dental professionals for
a reason. Quip starts at just 25. And if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets, you get your first
refill pack for free with a Quip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack for free with Equip electric toothbrush. That's your first refill pack free
at G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash chicklets. And now I am so pleased, so pleased to bring on
my former roommate, absolute stud, forced overall pick, Taylor
Hall. Now he's
an MVP in business. We didn't want to take you. We want to take
Nick McKinnon. What's going on, buddy?
Hey, not much, man.
How's it going? Nothing. I mean,
I first want you to tell Biz to fucking
take a hike.
Biz, the car salesman.
Biz, what are you selling today, man?
Hey, what in particular are you asking about you talking about the herbal active you talk about the eagle energy i don't know man it's in the instagram it's just uh it's a constant sales
pitch these days but good for you halsey halsey i didn't fucking make millions of dollars playing hockey. After escrow paying my agent and picking up all the bottle service,
I had like 100 grand left.
Oh, I know, I know.
I'm just giving it to you, buddy.
I think you do have a career in car sales, though,
if this doesn't work out.
Yeah, used cars, lemons.
Yeah, lemons.
Is this, are you still, am i under attack for my comments
about nate mckinnon um no no not really i'm just trying to give it to you i know we love you buddy
yeah but i hope you never forget that he wanted to pick no i i'll remember that till the day i die
yeah that's exactly how you are long metal yeah. So I went to the NHL media day,
and I was doing a segment called What's in the Box?
And Halsey, you were not down with that.
No.
If anyone's seen this, it's, I mean, it wasn't what I expected.
I actually expected a live animal to be in there,
but I'm just, I'm not down with exotic reptiles
and all this stuff that those guys were
doing. That was not me. So sorry about that.
Oh, that's fine. No, but I would have put a reptile in that box.
If you did it, you would have. Well, yeah. Cause, cause another time,
another time you kind of snubbed me was at the NHL awards when I was there,
not a big deal. And, uh,
and you collected that beautiful piece of hardware.
Well, when I didn't do your top golf thing yeah I asked I asked Halsey to do a little top golf for actually me I just I had to settle for Braden McNabb
same thing well man I just had a lot going on I mean the pool was taking up a lot of my time so
um just really wasn't able to fit you in the schedule.
So, actually, I'm curious because we haven't even talked in so long.
I could see you just panicking before the speech.
Give me what's going through your head when you won it
and then you actually had to talk.
You did a sick job, but I was shocked.
Yeah, I was shocked too.
It was almost like Will Ferrell in old school.
You know, you just, like, take a deep breath after you're done and pass out but no so honestly um i had a whole speech
written out and uh and the awards were going and going and my two awards were the last ones
kind of um i actually don't even really remember when the ted Lindsey was, but I knew I wasn't winning the Ted Lindsey.
So it was more about the hard trophy than anything.
And guys were going up there to do their acceptance speeches
and no one was reading from a piece of paper or their phone
or anything like that.
So I kind of panicked and I, you know, every commercial break,
I'd bring out my speech and I'd memorize a part of it.
And I managed to memorize kind of the whole thing.
But there's still parts of it that I left out.
I didn't really spend as much time thanking my teammates as I would have wanted to.
But I kind of felt rushed when I was up there.
I wanted to just kind of get my spiel out and get off the stage and kind of just be done with the whole thing.
But yeah, you're right.
That's a pretty stressful time.
It's definitely more stressful than playing the games.
Public speaking is no joke, that's for sure.
Halsey, I'm not sure if people know,
you were the first devil to win the Hot Trophy.
And I think they've been there 36 years now,
yeah, 38 years.
Were you surprised you won,
given the level and the depth of the competition?
There were so many worthy competitors out there.
Did it surprise you that you won?
Yeah, honestly, i was just really happy to be nominated when when it first came out um you know i hadn't really even given it any thought of of winning um you know i was
giving it the biz there but um him picking mckinnon was uh that's who i would have i would
have chosen i mean the the season that he had, the turnaround that Colorado had,
and just the skill level of a player that he is.
I thought he was going to win it.
But, you know, obviously I was super pumped to win the trophy
and to have my family and friends there to really celebrate with them.
It was more of a moment for them than it was for me.
I just thought it was incredible just because I, knowing you,
you obviously you're hoping and wishing for Stanley cups,
but you're also thought, you know, I want to win MVPs.
I want to have scoring titles, things like that.
So to get an MVP already, dude, and be the first devil ever.
It was awesome.
I was actually curious when you found out you didn't win the
the ted lindsey that must have been like oh i definitely didn't win it isn't it usually the
same guy um yeah i mean that's what you you'd think but i didn't really think that i was going
to win that i actually did think that uh mcdavid would win the ten lead ted lindsey that's who i
voted for um but yeah you just never really know until the votes come out.
And another thing that I'll say is I definitely think the Eastern bias
helped me against McKinnon and Kopitar.
There's so many more writers that vote on that trophy based on the East Coast,
and they were able to see me play more.
And that was definitely in my favor.
But yeah, like you said, it's uh it's incredible to think about
you know winning an mvp trophy but there's still uh some other things that i'm after
palsy was it a little overwhelming after the fact that you wanted maybe with media requests
uh maybe endorsement deals and now like managing your time and of course trying to stay focused to
to keep up with the the pace that you had last year?
Yeah.
You know, I was listening to a podcast that you guys were doing the other day and kind of chirping me about my subway investments.
But it was, you know, the summer was a little bit more busy with that stuff,
but nothing too crazy.
I definitely want to stay focused and not commit too much of my time to that
kind of stuff.
It's important to, you know, to come into the season prepared and motivated and focused,
and I feel like I've done that and played well so far.
Halsey, the players weigh the trophies different, the Lindsay Award
and the Hart Trophy, because one's voted on by your peers
and the other's voted on by media who may not have the same knowledge
of the game. Do you think there's
a difference between them?
Yeah, I'd
say that it's
really cool to have the respect of your peers
and to win at Deadlands. I would say
as a player, you're probably
more inclined to
hold that trophy in higher regard
than the Hart Trophy, but at the same time,
you know, whether you're up for both or just one,
it still means that you've had a good season.
So just a really fun night all together.
Let's talk about the start you guys have had this year.
Holy shit.
I wouldn't say surprise a lot of people because you guys have a solid squad.
But, fuck, that start you guys have had,
that must be a good time in that locker room right now.
Yeah, we're feeling it right now.
Our coach really has a hard training camp that he puts us through,
and I think it really gets us ready for the start of seasons.
If you look at even two years ago when we didn't have a great team,
we still started off really hot.
We were able to come out at teams and really surprise them with their speed
and their pace of play.
So we're getting unbelievable goaltending right now with Kinker and Ned.
And it seems like we have all four lines scoring and contributing.
So that's really what you're seeing.
And it's not like we played, you know, poor teams.
We played some really good hockey teams so far this year.
And it's been fun, man, just to think about the turnaround that I've experienced in New Jersey
from the time that I got here until now.
It doesn't even feel like the same energy in the locker room.
It doesn't even feel like the same kind of team sometimes.
That big dick energy?
Yeah, yeah.
The BB energy is great for us right now, man.
Hey, dude, Paul Mary frigging, he's buzzing around.
Looks like he's 10 pounds lighter.
He must have shaved his back.
He's one of the hairiest people I've ever seen.
There's no doubt about that.
Yeah, he was the Wolverine for Halloween a couple years ago,
and it was like the easiest costume ever made for him.
But, yeah, man, that guy uh he's so fun
to play with he's uh he's such a natural goal scorer that when he gets in a groove um you know
his shot always seems to find holes always seems to find corners and like i said just a lot of fun
to play with him you think starting the year in europe had an effect on on the hot start sometimes
teams go over there and they might get jet lagged or drag ass a little, but it didn't seem to have any adverse effect on you guys.
How was that?
Yeah, Europe was awesome.
So we started out in Switzerland, and that's an amazing country.
I'd never been there before.
Just the culture, the food, the atmosphere, the people there,
everyone is so nice, and they speak four different languages,
so you're able to really converse with everyone so um started out there played uh played an awesome
game against sc burn in switzerland this crowd was amazing it was 17 000 people and i think like 12
or 13 000 of those people were standing room only just looked like absolute degenerates in the crowd
having beers and having a great time.
They were,
they were sold out from the start of warmup.
And that was a really good time from there.
We went to Sweden and yeah,
just really got ready for,
for the start of the game season game against Edmonton.
And our focus was really just,
you know,
how do we,
how do we limit Connor McDavid and how do we play against the team that
has a lot of speed and firepower up front?
So it's always weird playing Edmonton for me still,
and to start out the year in Europe and to share the same hotel with Edmonton
and all their fans and stuff was a little bit weird for me,
but I thought it was great for our team just to bond a little bit,
to travel with each other for a long time
at the start of the season.
You guys know that some of the best times
have long road trips right at the start of the season,
so you can get used to the guys again,
go for dinners, all that kind of stuff
is really good for bonding.
I think it was a great experience for all of us.
I'm imagining the boys had a nice little night
after the big win.
Was it Stockholm?
We were in Gothenburg
Gothenburg
it's a rainy
city on the west coast of Sweden
but yeah we
definitely went out a little bit
after the game there and
had some fun but yeah
it's always great to get the guys together on the road
and just kind of feel each other out and get the season going that way.
It's awesome.
Whit, I'm pretty sure you were there.
It was at the start of the year when we started the games over in Sweden
against Ottawa.
That was my first ever NHL game.
Were you not on the team with Pittsburgh then?
No, I had one of my nine ankle injuries.
I was at home with
goose or goose left me. So we started the year in Stockholm and I met some girl at one of the
parties we had early on the trip. And you know, obviously I ended up sleeping with her while she
started, she started stalking. She started stalking me on the trip. The next day at practice,
it was an open practice. She showed up and bought one of those world premier sweaters,
and she was on the glass.
So when we were doing our loser laps before practice,
every time I would skate by her spot,
she would get up and start banging on the glass.
And I'm a fucking rookie.
So I'm so embarrassed.
And Brooke's Orpix is just loving this.
They ended up making me lead stretch.
Even Tarian thought it was funny.
And she would show up to the hotel
during the day and kept
calling the room. It got pretty scary.
She was like a nine.
I was wondering
at the end what she was going to be.
A Swedish nine.
That's insane. I would kill for a Swedish
nine. Were a lot of the boys getting stalked
over there maybe to get locked down and brought over to North America?
I didn't see anything like that.
We might have one or two single guys in the whole team.
It's kind of
The league's changed.
It's changed that way, man.
Yeah, it has.
Definitely has.
I'm guilty of it too.
Who are the single guys?
Miles Wood single?
No. No, he's got a girl, I think. Who are the single guys miles wood single no no he's got a girl i think um
who are the single guys uh john quenville is single and i think he might be the only one
kinkade's on and off single we can never really tell if he's in a relationship so he's like me
he's like me i guess oh yeah pavel's what zacha zacha is that how you say his last name?
Zaka yeah
who are the clowns in the locker room
is Kincaid a clown in the room?
yeah he can be a bit of a clown
I'd say the biggest clown we have right now
is John Quenville if anyone watched
the Behind the Glass series on the NHL
network he was the star of the show
I think they had him mic'd up for every game and every practice
and every meeting just because he's kind of the energy in the room and is always
making guys laugh and it's always fun when it's a young guy like that a young single guy and
yeah he's uh he's pretty awesome is he is he on those dating apps he's the only single guy
obviously he's not just going out by himself yeah i don I don't know what he's got going on at this moment.
Maybe just Insta.
Hey, are you living in Jersey City again?
Or was that last year?
Yeah, Jersey City.
I've been in the same place all three years I've played in Jersey.
It's pretty awesome.
Yeah, I was actually just in Seoul today.
We had a day off, and I was in Seoul walking around.
Just took the path back to Hoboken and then find my way back to Jersey City.
But, yeah, it's a great place to live.
I was going to ask you, it seems like you've really, you know,
started to love living there.
And even when I'm there for work, it is nice.
You can hop around so easy into the city.
Is Hoboken, like, where you'll go to dinner,
or are there restaurants in Jersey City and shit too?
I spend most of my time in Hoboken. Yeah.
Yeah. But the area has been awesome, man. You know,
just hopping into the city quickly, you know,
walking around Soho or going to dinner in the West village,
all that kind of stuff is a nice escape from just sitting around in your
apartment and, you know, thinking about hockey all the time so i mean last last week week and a half ago we played golf out in
the burbs in new jersey like there's two different places really uh to live in new jersey you can
either live near near new york city or you can live out in the burbs where it's where it's really
nice and um yeah it's been a great it's been a great spot
for me the last last years really enjoyed it do any seekers recognize you when you're on the trains
either the path or like the new york city subway autograph hounds no i've never seen any autograph
seekers on the train um if anyone recognizes me it's uh it's a quick no go devils or um you know
a couple people have came up to me and gave me knocks and said MVP,
that kind of thing.
But people have been awesome.
As you guys know, it's pretty nice to be anonymous in this part of the country.
There's so many sports teams and there's so many famous people,
all that kind of stuff.
So I feel like I'm at the low end of the totem pole
and it's nice to
blend in a little bit it's awesome so it's not like at the the team uh halloween party what
mcdavid was texting me today said that you uh you put a mask on when you guys were you ended up going
out in public and you put a mask on and you were like dancing with all the locals and getting in
their faces and having a good time yeah had to do that once or twice on Halloween
just to kind of blend in a little bit, yeah.
That's funny that he remembered that.
That's all the dirt he had on you.
That's it.
There's no dirt.
No, man.
Besides, actually, you know what?
There is dirt on his feet from when we were in Cabo.
This kid's unbelievable.
We go golfing.
He forgets his golf shoes. He's sandals on.
I'm like, well, why don't you just go buy some
golf shoes? He's like, I don't want to buy a golf shoe.
It's like 250. He fucking ends up
signing for it. He's going to make 120 million.
Ends up golfing in his
bare feet all day. Cuts his foot open.
He's in the sand and the mud all day.
No shoes on because he's too
cheap.
Oh, man.
It was my reasoning, really, that I didn't want to pay money.
Yeah, you're like, I don't want to spend 250.
They're all ugly as shit.
I'll never wear them again.
That's bad.
I should have just bought golf shoes.
Halsey, does Alain Nazardine, he's still obviously with you guys as defense coach, correct?
Yeah, he's defense and PK.
So two things that I never really get close to learning about.
He's my first pro captain.
Yeah, he was my first pro captain as well with Wilkes-Barre.
Does he still kind of have that funny edge to him when he comes to the locker room
and still wants to be one of the boys?
Yeah, he's a great dude. And, yeah, like you said, he's got some swagger to him when he comes to the locker room so wants to be one of the boys yeah he's uh he's a great dude and uh yeah like you said he's got some swagger to him um but on
a serious note i think he's done a great job with uh with our penalty killers top 10 last year and
and we've played uh we've played some really good power play so far this year and done a great job
so um i feel like he does a uh there he does a solid job with our young defensemen,
getting them to learn the game and all that.
He's been a really good guy for our team, I feel like.
Over the last few years, guys, we've seen like post-game team awards.
They've sort of become a regular thing in locker rooms.
You know, sometimes it's a chain or like a Broadway hat like they had in New York.
A wrestling belt. A wrestling belt.
A wrestling belt.
Paul, you guys actually picked yours up for this year while you were in Europe, correct?
Yeah.
Want to tell the audience what it is?
Oh, okay, yeah.
So this is crazy.
I'm not sure if the casual hockey fan will know this, but in Switzerland,
the leading score, the leading point getter on each team
um he wears a jersey that says top score on it and has flames all over it doesn't say his name
on it anymore and he also wears a helmet as yellow and has flames on it no matter what
um color your team's jersey is that's what jersey that you wear um So we kind of picked one of those helmets up in Europe,
and now that's our unsung player of the game award.
We always try and recognize someone after a win that's, you know,
maybe done some things that don't show up on the score sheet,
but are really valuable in our locker room,
whether it's blocked shots or killing penalties or, you know, just being a th and and one of the best players on the opposing
team side that kind of thing really goes a long way in our locker room so we picked one of those
helmets up and it's funny i mean it's a it's it's obviously for a guy with a huge head and uh andy
green our captain wanted a couple nights going he's got a tiny head he probably doesn't even fit
into a seven uh baseball cap. His head's tiny.
He put the helmet on.
He was swimming in it.
But, yeah, it's a great award for us to give out after games.
Hey, did Woods get it after that scrap with Jamie Bend?
No, no, he didn't.
That was one of those fights where you're kind of on the bench.
You're hoping that both players get out of it unscathed.
There's no knockout there's no like huge punch because both those guys um you know they have that crazy side i feel like they can both go a little bit red sometimes and i was
just happy that both players were were kind of safe after that one hey buddy i'm curious what
did you think of uh that matheson suspension you kind of on the
side of our let's protect players or did you think it was a little little bs um i mean it was kind of
a unassuming play to be honest but um i can see where there'd be a suspension i could see where
there'd be you know no call at all but um you know know, that Pedersen in Vancouver, he's unreal,
but he's a huge guy.
I feel like it doesn't take a whole lot of pressure
to really throw him down when you get him off balance like that.
So, I don't know.
It's a tough play, and hockey's such a fast game now
that it's really hard to make decisions like that.
We actually had George Peros, who has all the suspensions.
He actually came into our locker room and talked to us the other day.
I think he's trying to make the rounds to every different team in the league
and kind of just be more engaged with players
and have more of a give and take on what suspensions are
and what you can do to avoid them.
It's kind of hard to talk to him on the phone,
so seeing him in person was
really cool just to
maybe ask him a couple things
on how you can eliminate the headshots,
what you can do as a player.
You want to be physical
on the other team, but you also want to be
you don't want to hurt anyone.
You don't want to give anyone concussions. You don't want to be
suspended, so how can you do that
in a fair way?
So that was good.
Hey, he talked about, you know, as a player with the puck, avoiding them.
Have you had any contact with Adam Oates or maybe any guys on the team?
Because he's big on that as far as, you know, avoiding the contact
in the middle of the ice, keeping your head up.
Yeah, I'm good buddies with Teddy Purcell, personal who's uh you know who's buddies with oti
i've talked with him before um yeah i mean it's all about having uh you know puck position in
good spots where you don't have to have your head down that's the biggest thing is is you know the
second that you put your head down and open eyes to to look for a fumbling puck or anything like
that you leave yourself vulnerable and what you do is you put other players in bad spots.
What I mean by that is, you know, if they're coming to hit you
and at the last second you put your head down
and it goes into that guy's shoulder, you know,
some of the onus has got to be on you to be a little bit more aware
in that spot of the ice.
So at the end of the day, we're just trying to play hockey hard and fair,
but you don't want to have any suspense.
You don't want to have any guys concussed because that stuff really sucks.
Paulsy, one quick question about that helmet.
Didn't Brian Boyle win it for one night for blocking an Ovechkin shot
while you guys were up 6-0? Is that true?
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
That's the kind of stuff that we're looking to value with that helmet.
Last game, Kinker won it just because it's the second shutout of the year
and how well he's played, and he's really been the back of our team.
But yeah, you know, Boiler blocking a shot up 6-0, preserving a shutout,
and making our PK guys have a perfect night against Washington.
That's kind of what we're after, for sure.
I still think I would have had to call Boiler a little bit of a hard-o,
blocking that shot.
That just shows the type of guy he is.
Yeah, I love Boiler, but yeah, he can go a little hard-o sometimes.
Hard-o!
All right, dude.
Well, thank you so much.
We really appreciate this.
I'm so proud of you.
I know that sounds kind of weird, but what you've
superstar you've turned into, no surprise.
So it's great to talk to you, and hopefully we'll catch up soon.
All right.
Thanks, boys.
Paul, I'm glad we could patch things up, buddy.
If you need me, energy or herbal active, just hit me up.
Slide into my DMs.
All right.
I'll swipe up.
If you need a free vehicle there, I can help
you too.
Alright. Thanks, Biz. Love you, man. See you guys.
Take care.
Thank you very
much to my old roomie,
Taylor Hall, MVP, well-deserved,
and I'm so glad he basically says
fuck you, Biz.
I don't agree with necessarily the fuck you,
but I love that he hates you now. Fuck you, Biz. I don't agree with necessarily the fuck you, Eagle Energy,
but I love that he hates you now.
He probably will always remember that you didn't want him to win MVP,
so I'm thrilled with that.
And he's also buzzing this year.
Yeah, boys, Taylor Hall, Nico Hirscher, and Kyle Palmieri are absolutely lighting it up this year.
I mean, combined 37 points on the year.
Halsey with 13, Hirscher with 10.
Kyle Palmieri's lighting it up with 14.
Nine goals, five assists. Where do you guys
think they rank as one of the top lines
in hockey right now?
They're right up there.
Definitely top five,
if not top three. I still think
Colorado's Rantanen,
McKinnon, and
why am I messing up the last name?
Landerskog.
Because those are the only two on the line.
No, because Landerskog's so hot, he makes it full handsome.
And, yeah, they're number one to me, but that jersey line.
And Palmieri, like I said, I mean, you get some of that body hair off you,
and all of a sudden, he's got such a sick shot, too.
Amazing release.
That's a difficult line to deal with.
Put it that way.
Yeah, I kind of agree with you, Wits.
That line in Colorado is probably top notch right now.
Of all three of those guys, I think they're all in the top eight of NHL scoring right now.
And it's just great that we have so many lines.
I mean, we talk about every team having at least one stud.
And we've got a lot of teams with three, four studs where they can put on a line and dominate.
We've been seeing tons of that. One other the quick note boys we didn't mention uh there is a hearing
for uh brendan lemieux on monday for his hit on vincent trocheck i don't know if you guys caught
that uh it was kind of a glancing blow but it did look like the head was the principal point of
contact uh what's his name mckenzie we go in after lemieux after they had a nice little scrap
so he's probably going to be looking at a game or two.
Friend of the program, Vincent Trocek.
We hope he's feeling better.
We hate to see guys hit in the head.
So we'll have an update for you on that on the next show.
Lemieux's one of those guys, he plays on the edge.
I mean, I'm sure he'll learn his lesson.
I wonder where he got that from.
Yeah, that's true. Boys, one hit that I fucking did not agree with was the Ian Cole.
He ended up getting kicked out of the game for a very clean hit on Calgary.
I forgot to say his last name.
Jovanov?
Jankowski.
Jankowski.
God, I always get stuck on that one.
Great kid, too.
Jovanovski.
We got to have Jovo on here.
We will.
I'll reach out.
I'll send up the bat signal.
I talked.
Yeah, all right.
Yeah, it's off subject.
But here, we're reviewing basically everything else in the league.
In order to kick a guy out of a game for a clean hit, like, fuck,
why not throw reviewing those types of things?
I don't know.
Your guys' thoughts?
Yeah, I wouldn't hate that.
I mean, there's a lot of reviews as it is.
But that Lemieux hit, that was so unnecessary.
And Mackenzie Wieger, I don't know.
Does he fight?
I mean, because Lemieux, if Wieger is tough, Lemieux looked pretty tough too.
He was chucking both hands.
He looked like he could handle himself.
Well, R.A., you ended up texting me, and I think it was preseason
when Lemieux got in a scrap with the player from Dallas,
and they were just chucking bombs.
He's a tough customer.
I think he's going to be a good role player in this league.
I would compare him to a poor man's Matthew Kachuk.
That would be...
Is that a good comparison?
Is that fair?
That'll remain to be seen.
Yeah, pesky, but he's got to
score a little more if he's going to be in that category,
I'd say. As for your question, Biz, I think
refs probably are erring on the side of caution,
especially that hit there. Clean hit. Bennett come in and defended his teammate,
had a scrap. But yeah, it was a clean hit. There shouldn't even have been a penalty,
let alone getting tossed out of the game. But refs, they're probably frazzled, man. Okay,
do we not call it? Do we call it? I think they're probably going to call it, like I said,
erring on the side of caution. It's unfortunate that a guy gets fucking tossed out of the game
when he did nothing wrong.
Also, man, these guys fucking fighting between the visors and helmets.
God bless you, dude.
How do you do that and not break your hand every time, Biz?
I don't know.
I never really thought about it.
And keep in mind, when I was playing at the National Hockey League level,
not a big deal.
There was not many visors.
Most of the guys I was fighting didn't have them
and i don't think there's uh any denying here that we thought the lemieux hit was a little over the
edge and he'll get sussy for it but uh speaking of filthy did you guys see that uh behind the back
pass by johansson oh my god that was one of the nicest passes i've seen in a long time i i love
players celebrations on dishes like that.
Yossi right away just pointed out.
I think he slammed his thing.
I was like, holy fuck.
Like, you're just right away.
Same with Besser did it with Pedersen's dish off the wall.
It would have been an icing.
That's such a sick play.
The Sedins started doing that, by the way, back in the day.
But same thing.
Besser turned around.
She's like, dude, what a pass, you motherfucker.
I love you.
I'm making more money because of you.
Gives him the herbal act of handjob, middle of the ice, stroking him off.
I still think that I would rather give a guy the sickest tap
and, like, does zero work.
Everyone just immediately says, what a pass, then score a goal.
That was how I always felt.
You're a giver.
Maybe it's because I had a muffin always felt. You're a giver. Maybe it's because I had a muffin, too.
You're a giver.
But if you're a Canucks fan, you've got to be psyched, though.
You lose the Sedins, and now you've got these two guys
who look like a pretty dynamic duo already, man.
That's a hell of a replacement if that's the way things play out.
Oh, and that Jake Furtanen starting to find his stride, too.
They have a good young group there.
Those two guys they signed in the offseason,
Beagle and Roussel,
I know they got overpaid a little bit,
but those are all right.
Keep some guys there who play on the edge a little bit.
Keep those guys safe.
What's up, R.A.?
Have you seen, it's an online thing,
it's every time Jake scores a goal for Tannin,
they chug beers.
I forget what the hashtag, chug for Jake or whatever it is, but every jake scores a goal for tannin there they chug beers it's like i think
it's i forget what the hashtag chug for jake or whatever it is but every time he scores a goal
people in the arena chug beers and post it online it's a pretty funny collaborative thing going on
kind of like they were doing in utica during uh the calder cup run when we play them in the finals
where the the when they would score the one guy in the crowd would take his prosthetic leg off
to pour the rest of his beer there and chug it out of it. No shit.
Every goal they scored?
Yeah.
My buddy came to watch the games.
But it was one of the craziest atmospheres I've ever seen.
Is that the one you won?
Yeah, we ended up winning in five.
But, I mean, the series felt a lot closer than that.
And we had to play.
We went 2-3-2, so we had to play three in a row there.
And holy shit, man, that auditorium was rocking.
Speaking of rocking, Helsinki was rocking for the world premiere games.
Those guys played back-to-back.
Florida Panthers against the Winnipeg Jets.
Our boy Yandel was on fuego.
Have a trip to Finland, bud.
Jesus.
He probably spent 10 grand, too.
He brought a couple bags, some shades, a couple pairs of shoes.
Finnish shoes.
He could rock them.
Dude, also, line A.
There were whispers.
What's going on line A?
Jesus Christ.
Get him back to Helsinki.
You know, they showed him with Barkov eating those buffalo wings.
He looks like he loves buffalo wings.
Dude was eating them like a professional.
Sauce all over his hands.
He didn't give a shit.
He goes out, gets a hat trick,
and then the goal the next day in the second game that might have been one of the sickest snapshots
i've ever seen i mean he's not that close to the goalie uses the d-minute of his screen and it came
out of the net quicker than it went in uh so he's flying now and you know all of a sudden after a
quick little trip back home he's leading the winnipeg jetson scoring and goals in goals i
should say boys before we move
on, Herbal Active ad read. Of course
we got the Biz20 promo code.
100 hemp-based
CBD. So no
THC in that one. They wanted
me to remind you guys, Herbal
Active, U-R-B-A-L
A-C-T-I-V. Some of
you are forgetting the name, so you're messaging me.
You can go to their Instagram
or Twitter that's Herbal Active
U-R-B-A-L
A-C-T-I-V dot com
you can go to their website as well but on their
social media they've hired a girl to answer
all your questions so about
depression, anxiety, all the things that
it helps with as far as the drops are concerned
they also wanted me to let you guys know about
the balm which helps with bruising.
So we know some of you athletes who play hockey or other sports,
when you get, let's say, take a puck off the arm,
you can rub the balm on there.
It helps out.
It helps get the blood flow in there.
It helps with inflammation, of course.
It's the stuff we've been talking about for a good two months now.
We're going to hit you with the Biz20 promo code again,
20 off your orders.
That's going to keep
going as long as you guys keep ordering it uh i recommend you guys try it ask them any questions
you want head up their instagram or twitter uh that's pretty much all i got guys i i know guys
in in professional sports are using it uh it's uh it's it's helped me immensely with mental uh my
mental capacity uh just headaches sometimes.
Sometimes I'm not feeling great.
And, of course, the Balm after workouts, better for muscle and joint pain.
So check it out.
They even got dog treats, which are helping out dogs with their arthritis
and all that other shit that they got to deal with.
So Herbal Active, U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.
Go get you some. Perfect for for the holidays stocking stuffers
whatever you want and that's it that's all i got i bumped into a couple guys the other day
with that no yans and they remember the story you told about uh yans messing with the guy's new flow
when he grew his new hair back they were like oh what about that story yans told them they said
the guy's name and i'm like cool i i didn't know what the guy's name was. Then I found out it was a dude I knew.
I was fucking hollering.
That story got a lot of play.
And that guy whose hair it was, his friends have been all over him since then.
Oh, my God.
Oh, yeah.
We just put gas on the fire.
He said a point per game.
Yeah.
Is he leading their team in scoring right now?
I think so.
He's just  guys like Benjamin, just getting better every year.
Two goals and an assist when he was over in Finland.
And, boys, you know, since I'm in such a fun fact kind of mood,
the Coyotes, who are a wagoon
Dude, I want to give you credit.
They look sick.
And listen, even early on when they were out shooting
and out possessing teams, everyone was like,
oh, you're a fucking idiot.
It's like, oh, okay, so clearly somebody's not watching the games.
Coyotes are actually more offensively productive this season on the penalty kill.
They scored seven goals shorthanded on 38 shorthanded situations,
which is 18.4.
That is insanity.
Yeah, and on the power play, they're 5 for 34 34 which is clicking at 14.7 percent so that's
just an insane stat uh they are hey biz there's a lot of guys on the bench giving it the old when
they get the power play decline it yeah yeah yeah we defer we defer uh but uh shout out to grabner
and richardson who have been leading the way that grabner can move. I didn't watch him much when he was playing over in New Jersey, in New York.
Was he with the Rangers for a little bit?
Yeah, he played with both of them.
Yeah, with the Islanders as well.
So he's played on all three of those teams.
But he's been unbelievable.
Brad Richardson, just a little wily veteran, gets the job done,
good on face-offs, block shots, just a Swiss Army knife.
Dude, how about the Canadian teams?
I know we usually don't play if the playoffs start a today game this early
because it's ridiculous too,
but six of the seven Canadian teams are in a playoff position right now.
It's going to be interesting to see if that holds.
And let's give a shout-out to the fucking New York Island as well
with hearing Thomas Grease.
He's been playing out of his mind the last few games.
The Island is leading a pretty strong metropolitan division.
I'm curious to see if that holds as well.
There are certainly surprising people after losing Tavares.
We talked about it, boys.
The parity in this league is out of control.
It's great to see the game is thriving.
And that's pretty much all I got for today.
You guys got anything else you want to wrap up with?
Was Ramsey a good guy?
Oh,
that's right.
My Nashville experience.
Uh,
first and foremost,
thank you to the Nashville predators organization.
What a,
what an organization,
huh?
They're unbelievable.
They,
they rolled out the red carpet for me and Pasha who ended up filming the,
the NHL first timer segment.
That was the first one we did to kick off the entire series.
We did it with, of course, Jalen Ramsey,
who I guess ruffled some feathers with his comments
that he could make the NHL in six months.
Unbelievable guy.
He brought his beautiful girlfriend.
They just had a child.
She was unbelievable.
Sweetheart.
He was such a nice, humble guy.
He just likes to stir the pot.
He's a smack talker, just like most CBs and wide receivers in the NFL.
Exactly.
Yeah, I mean, I got that, but was he asking questions about the game?
Was he shooting the shit with you,
or was he kind of being a little bit of a hard-o staying quiet,
or was he really genuinely curious about hockey?
Bud, absolutely not. He was unbelievable from the moment he got there and we we asked a lot of them he was he was on uh the
nhl or the the game feed he got an interview between one of the periods we brought him to
meet uh poil in uh johansson and uh yosi's box which they donate uh to charity some games they
have kids come in they just through and through
an unbelievable experience we got there for warm-up everybody's crowd along the glass all
the guys are knuckling fans along the glass like there was there was some special needs kids in the
front row pecorine came over every fucking time he made a loop and gave a knuckle to this one guy
i think they have like a strong connection they must have met before the game or something,
but they just have it figured out.
And similar to the Arizona Coyotes organization,
they're very forward thinking.
They like pumping out content and giving the fans as much as they can for the
amount of money that they're paying to come see these athletes play.
And Poyle came over and offered Jalen Ramsey a contract and he offered me a pto so
that's the start of my comeback so halsey you better watch out buddy me and the eagle energy
and adam oats are gonna fucking take on the nhl next year i'll be skating circles around you
because you said it's a first-timers club now who's who's behind that and is it whether is it
i know it sounds stupid but is it someone who's never been to an nhl game before and they're
taking them to a game is that is that simple as it sounds correct we but is it someone who's never been to an NHL game before and they're taking them to a game?
Is that as simple as it sounds?
Correct.
We figured it would be a good way to kick it off because of his comments.
We wanted to show him down in the lower bowl how fast the game actually is.
Yeah, did you think it was like, was he like,
holy shit, this is different than I thought?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, he's watched games before on TV and stuff, but, yeah, he was very impressed,
and we gave him a pretty good
view of the entire experience uh yeah that's all i think so thanks again to the national
predators organization i got to go down and talk to the guys afterward pk suban of course met jalen
they did a jersey exchange and uh he he has a charity as well i fucking forget the name of it
i think it's called like the it basically they
introduce police officers to under underprivileged children and they get to meet and get to be more
comfortable around cops because you know like the stigmas like when you see a cop when you're a kid
you're thinking like oh shit you tense up he's trying to he's trying to be proactive about that
so shout out to pk suban just everybody was uh awesome and it was a
great experience for me yeah granelli blogged about that the the the kid like that you know
you said an underprivileged kid in the cop they go to dinner either before or after the game they
sit together during the game and talk it's it's a real real great thing he does like you said mikey
mikey blogged it a while ago so good stuff good stuff biz so that's all i got thank you for
bringing that up when will we get to see that video biz oh it should be out by the end of next week they want it out quick so pasha my boy uh
shout out to pasha eshki uh the guy who helped me film biz nasty does bc he's going to be chopping
it up next week and hopefully it's out it's going to be about five minute video we got some some fun
stuff in it so hopefully you fans enjoy and uh shout out to uh shout out to you biz too before
we started recording here, I asked him,
Biz, you rip it up in Nashville?
He's like, nope, dude, just doing so much work.
You're all about that content, just working your dick right off your body.
So good for you, Biz.
Got to keep up with R.A., man.
Happy, happy, baby.
See you on Wednesday.
Ride it out loud.
Like Medusa.
Fuck.
That's all I got, boys.
