Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
hello everybody welcome to episode 123 of spit and chiclets presented by new amsterdam vodka let's go around the table and say hello to the gentleman today let's kick it off start with biz
mix it up a little biz good morning uh right, it's morning for us. Where are you these days?
Arizona, 10 a.m. start time.
We got a lot of stuff to talk about today, boys.
Absolutely. Let's go to producer Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, brother?
What's up, boys?
I just want to say a quick thank you to Paul and Ryan
for defending my honor yesterday on Barstool Radio.
I love you guys. I'd take a bullet for you.
Well, you know R.A. would have had your back too, but
hell yeah, he would have. He didn't get the
nod on the radio station.
Yeah, we'll be getting to that very shortly. And let's
say hello to the final member of our
party today, Ryan Whitney. What's up, Whitdog?
What's up, everyone?
I got a little
issue here with my audio
because I don't have my microphone because I'm in
shithole new jersey at
nhl network so bear with me everyone listening but but thanks for tuning in once again wait at
least your hotel room's nice though yeah beautiful hotel room residence in sakaka shout out to
sakaka's fucking red lobster capital capital of the world red lobster chilies um just you know
every shithole restaurant you can think of but But they did leave you a nice gift though, in the hotel room.
Do they not?
Um, yeah, we'll, we'll, we'll probably not mention that one right now.
Yeah.
When you, when you have that much coastline, there's no excuse to go to a red lobster.
Uh, anyways, let's jump in, uh, the big story.
Everybody's talking about the Uber, Uber controversy, if you will.
Uh, obviously the Ottawa senators, uh, took an Uber in Arizona a couple weeks back.
Unbeknownst to them, the driver recorded the conversation they had,
uploaded it to the internet.
Basically, a dirtbag maneuver.
It's caused some major ripple effects with the team.
Boys, as former NHL players, as professionals,
what happens the next day in the locker room when they come in?
I know the centers get tipped off about the video, but say the next day,
like how much awkwardness is there with the coach, the players?
How does that play out in your scenario, would you say?
I can't even imagine it.
I can't.
And let me tell you something.
When I first saw that video, I have horrible secondhand embarrassment.
It took me three times to watch the whole thing.
I was like, oh, oh, oh.
Every line being said, I was there.
I actually talked to at least five former teammates,
and we all said how bad we felt for those guys.
Because that's life, dude.
You shit on your boss.
You get in the car after a long day of work,
especially when your business is doing shit, which the Senators are. Shout out to me for betting against them every game, first 41.
Little did I know it'd be this much of a dumpster fire. But that was nothing away from the norm in
pro sports and in life and work in general. And let me tell you something. If you want to hear
a real rip fest, a real chirp fest, a real absolute carving, put a fucking
camera in the coach's Uber
because those fucking assholes
shit on players just as much
if not more than players
give it to the coaches and then the GM
he gets in his car or his Uber
and he shits on the coaches and the players
so that whole
that whole thing what went down
is normal having said that that sucks I mean
if you're is it Marty Raymond his name yeah I mean how do you go to the rink the next day I mean I
saw a picture with him and Duchesne at center ice I was just like oh my god like they know like it's
just it's a tough situation and I feel really bad for the coach because, you know,
I think coaches know deep down they're getting shit on,
but they don't necessarily have to hear it through every social media platform
and internet website on the planet.
I have more to say, but, Biz, what do you, I mean.
I liked your tweet right away.
Speaking of secondhand embarrassment, I haven't seen the video.
I can't watch it.
I will not watch it i will
not watch it i refuse because i like you said i would hear one line and then i would shut i would
shut the phone off and i'd have to do a loser lap just to like collect my thoughts um i kind of
wanted to just go over the overall the last 18 months for the ottawa senators organization as a
whole well this starting Game 7 overtime loss?
Yeah, we're going to bring it back a little bit.
We're going to bring it back to losing Game 7 in the conference finals.
FYI, Chris Kunitz scored for the Pittsburgh Penguins.
I thought I'd bring that one up with.
I think I had more bottles of wine that night than three Ambien.
Very successful season.
They overachieved.
Geez, I can't even talk.
Overachieved. I don't think't even talk. Overachieved.
I don't think people expected them to go to the conference finals.
Well, they have an offseason.
They come back in the next year.
Things did not start off the way they wanted to.
They end up trading for Duchesne, and they give Colorado their unprotected
first pick, which could potentially be first overall,
seeing how things are going to unravel.
It's definitely unprotectedected it's unprotected so this could potentially be a first overall pick for
for matt duchesne who's an unbelievable player but i mean even before this incident i didn't
see him coming back so basically a year and a half rental for a potential first overall pick
so that could be catastrophic if they end up finishing dead last
and get that first overall pick.
Well, that was in November of last season.
Well, fast forward a month, they're about to have their outdoor game
to celebrate the NHL 100th season, the outdoor classic against the Canadians.
And Melnick makes comments about potentially moving the team.
Well, another PR nightmare for that staff.
By the way, let's send them a new Amsterdam care package
because those guys need a fucking Pink Whitney if I've ever seen it.
Then they get the whole Melnick out hashtag thing going on Twitter,
so the fan base is obviously rattled by his comments.
They finish second last in the league with 67 points.
They get bent over a little bit.
They only end up getting a fourth overall pick.
Then, of course, the whole Hoffman situation they're basically forced to trade him away somehow San Jose ends up winning the majority of that trade uh you know they Ottawa gets nothing
really in return they got they got rid of Bodker San Jose did off the salary Hoffman was averaging
26 goals over the past four seasons with Ottawa.
And they, you know, Bodker's a solid player,
but he ain't putting up an average of 26 goals.
Then they have to trade away Carlson, which I think they did okay,
all things considered in that trade.
Some people were livid about it, but I mean,
I don't think the guy was coming back.
And I mean, Christ, if he didn't get traded,
he probably would have been in that Uber.
Oh, yeah.
Training camp rolls around, and then the owner, Melnick,
and Borowicki have that video that comes out,
which everybody was just scratching their head.
This Borowicki's just taken all the shrapnel this year.
And then, of course, the guy came back from a suspension
and literally got suspended seven minutes later.
Like, dude.
So then they get the uber incident and
and then they don't even make the guys who are in the uber answer the questions they borrow
borrow wiki or whatever i don't even know how to pronounce his name he ends up getting sent to the
media to answer questions out there too at the end of the day i just feel terrible for everybody
involved including every all the ottawa fan base and the organization itself.
You nailed it, though.
I can imagine the coaches are saying just as bad, if not worse,
inside their coaches.
Way worse.
Way worse.
You know, I just want the league to do well,
and that's why we talked to Grinelli about not releasing anything
regarding the video, just basically suing the Uber driver.
We're not fucking TMZ.
The one takeaway i
will get from all this is amazing how how long it takes to build a franchise up to make them
successful and at the fucking blink of a blink of an eye it can be all gone and it is it's sad man
all those canadian fans i want canadian teams to be successful and uh and this has been a pr
nightmare so shout out to the pr staff and in ottawa with PR nightmare. So shout out to the PR staff in Ottawa with all the shit
they've had to deal with.
R.A., what are your thoughts?
I guess, do you think it's more embarrassing for the coach
or the players?
The coach.
Right.
The coach.
Okay.
And now do you think
Carved by eight guys in a cab.
You know, cronyism is big in all professional sports league
front offices.
Now this coach, he's been with Guy Boucher and I think three separate stops now you know now let's say there
is validity to to the player criticism I mean if you know he's not that great of a coach
do you think um I mean not I don't think anything's going to happen but do you think this
might shine a little bit of light on cronyism and front office in other words guys hiring their
friends and buddies who even though if there might be somebody maybe better qualified to do the job, do you think this will
have any sort of effect? No, because everything's just still sort of the old boys network.
I think the head coaches pretty, for the most part, decide their coaching staff.
And, you know, if you're going to put the trust into Guy Boucher or any head coach,
most of the time you're going to give them the option of picking their assistants.
Now, we'll get into Chicago's instance because they fucked Quenville by taking away his best friend assistant.
That's for in a couple minutes.
But you know what I'm saying?
The old boys that work in terms of almost head coaches getting hired,
that's starting to change, by the way.
But then it's up to those guys to bring in their staff.
Obviously, Guy Boucher and Marty Raymond get along well.
I mean, I don't think that any of those guys in that cab were lying.
I mean, they're probably sitting there in some meetings
and things aren't changing and their PK is clicking at a 60 rate.
They're just giving up goal after goal after goal every time they get a penalty
and guys are like, what is going on?
I mean, I've been there.
And like I said, the coaches are sitting there saying,
what the fuck is this guy doing every night?
He sucks.
Just personal attack after their skate, rip on their skating,
rip on their skills, rip on the clothes they wear to the rink.
The whole situation just sucks so much being put out in the public
because Marty Raymond, I don't know the guy.
He doesn't deserve that.
I mean, I'm not saying he doesn't deserve to get carved in a cab by his players
because that's life.
He doesn't deserve for the whole world to see it.
That sucks.
And these players don't deserve to look like as big of assholes as they are.
And everyone's saying, oh, they should be leaders.
Duchesne's a leader.
Shut up.
He's in a cab with his buddies, dude.
It's not like he's out in the public saying
anything. I mean, it came out in the public, but that leaders can say whatever they want when
they're with their best friends and their family on a road trip. Guys, this is a point I made to
biz right after it happened. Biz called me and I said, you know, do you think every time her Brooks
players got in the cab after they had had a game or had a practice that they spoke candidly of him?
And, you know, he's one of the most renowned coaches in hockey history.
So, I mean, not every coach gets, you know,
high praise from their players at all times.
I'm sure most of these guys still love their coaches.
No, no one, no coach gets high praise.
No coach.
There's no coach.
There's a cab of guys.
I mean, I shouldn't say no.
Very, very, very rarely is there a cab full of players in the middle of the season
when they're like, I love so-and-so.
He's the best coach.
How sweet was that today when he blew the whistle after I went off sides in that drill?
He's just a great guy and a great mind.
Well, and all things considered, boys, there's still 500 right now.
So, I mean, with that roster, and no offense to the guys on the team,
coming into the season, I don't think there was very high expectations.
They've managed to stay 500.
That's pretty impressive considering that lineup.
And they pounded the Devils on Tuesday night right after.
Went down 2-0.
Maybe this is the catalyst.
Maybe this shook things up where they're going to make a little run now.
I wish all those guys nothing but the best.
Of course, we had Weidman on actually when he was in Arizona,
and we interviewed him to bank it for a later episode.
We're probably going to put that one on the shelf for some time.
Maybe have him back on to talk about the situation.
But, yeah, just a shitty situation overall.
But my final saying is that a lot of former players who have gotten into have him back on to talk about the situation, but yeah, just a shitty situation overall. But the fight,
my final saying is that a lot of former players who've gotten into coaching
or the front office have said,
I cannot believe how these guys talk about players.
So players keep ripping your coach in the cab and don't feel bad about it.
Fuck them.
Yeah.
To back you up point,
which Grinnell,
he just sent us the quote from Paul Maurice, and he said, you know,
players have said far more unkind things about coaches,
and I can guarantee coaches have done the exact same thing
to players on a daily basis.
You know, Maurice actually looks like he had a little empathy
for the players, whereas Babcock was basically like,
too bad, if you're basically outside your house,
you should have no expectation of privacy.
Well, Babcock's probably heard this podcast.
He knows what people say about him.
Well, that's the thing.
I was just going to bring up Babcock and say, hey,
he's one of the best coaches in the world and all the praise to him
because he's extremely prepared.
He knows the game.
He can break it down better than anyone.
But, I mean, he'll win at all costs.
He ain't making friends while doing it.
No.
Exactly.
They're not in the  they're not in the
And quickly, before we move on
to joel quenville and that screw job he got fucking port noise shut up you've never even
paid any attention to this podcast in fucking three years we've been doing it two years and
all of a sudden you're mad at us we didn't get a video out shut up mind your own business let us
run spit and chickle just like we have and keep just making money off us doing nothing stop giving
us shit leave us alone we're building relationships with players we don't need to be breaking spitting chicklets just like we have and keep just making money off us doing nothing stop giving us
shit leave us alone we're building relationships with players we don't need to be breaking stories
sewering guys because it's a viral video i don't give a fuck yeah i i well i'm i don't uh i don't
think we're tmz we want to keep things positive there's enough positive things to look at he did
say one thing on the on the on the radio show that i was laughing at i cut out so
i didn't hear it and i didn't respond to it he goes biz softy lives in a marshmallow house with
pillow walls after after defending grinnell because that's what we do we stick up for our teammates
love you boys i was listening to that and i i had no clue that you know basically like he
grinnelly was debating whether to post it or not.
So when I was listening to it, that was like fresh as a daisy to me.
I was like falling along from home.
I was fucking home. Well, Grinnelly kind of threw us under the bus quick,
and I think he realized who butters his bread so still.
I don't think that at all because everything that he would say to me via text
about what we should do regarding spit and chiclets,
we're transparent with our fans.
And you guys said it on the radio.
You guys said on the radio exactly what I said on the rundown.
I mean, the story came out and right away I'm thinking we have a podcast
where we try to put humor on current events in the NHL.
What does this do for us?
Okay, so Dave says, well, listen, you know, you guys are trying to become, you know,
bigger and bigger in the hockey world,
and there's this huge viral video, not only just in hockey,
but the entire internet.
People go to spit and chiclets, and it's not there.
People aren't going to spit and chiclets to see the video.
They're going to see what we say about it,
which is right now in this podcast.
So for me, getting that video up quick,
that does not matter one bit to me.
I think he's in a totally different world of breaking news
and being first to stories and things, and that's just not really what I'm into.
I got no desire to try to be Darren Drager and Bobby Mack and be breaking news,
especially when it's making players look like dirt.
And I'll tell you this.
If that Uber driver would have sent us the video and said we could use it for free,
I wouldn't have fucking posted that.
Not a fucking chicken dick's chance. He said that. He's like, I wouldn't have fucking posted that. Not a fucking chicken dick's chance.
He said that.
He's like, I wouldn't have posted it first,
but once it was on the Ottawa Centennial or whatever they have,
the Ottawa Post, I don't know, Sun.
What is it?
I just have the blog up, though.
I had the blog up before like 98 of all hockey media.
So we did get the blog up there pretty quickly.
Wait, R.A. would maybe know the answer to this.
What do you think that Uber driver made money wise off selling that?
How would RA know that?
Well,
just cause he's in the journal world.
He probably asked these types of questions.
Yeah,
that's yeah.
I mean,
that's kind of straddles the journalism line.
I mean,
I would say hopefully for that idiot,
low five figures.
I mean,
you know,
you're going to,
if you're going to throw fucking all these people under the bus,
I mean,
you know, I would hope he got at least 10 grand in biz. I heard you
mention on the radio yesterday that Arizona is a one party law in Arizona. You don't, you only need
one person to basically give permission to record another person, which is kind of weird because
they know Massachusetts it's illegal to record another person without their permission. But
apparently that's not the case in Arizona, but I did read a little further in the law
and it was basically saying, well, if,, well, if there's an expectation of privacy, then it is kind of a
gray area. And when you hire a private car and you're in basically private property, then they
did. They had an expectation of privacy and it was for sure violated. So I knew that law before
when people were talking about it because I had a commercial deal go south
because one of the guys in it
stole 30,000 out of my account.
What?
And I recorded a conversation.
Yeah, I ended up bending him over
and then I ended up getting
all my lawyer's fees covered.
So fuck that guy.
I can't say his name
because we got non-disclosures and shit signed,
but I got all my fucking money back, boys.
The only thing I'll chirp those Senators players for
and, I mean, Shabbat was in the cab. That guy's going to make about 100 million. back, boys. The only thing I'll chirp those Senators players for, and
I mean, Chabot was in the cab. That guy's
going to make about 100 million. He's fucking
nasty. I don't watch him.
Duchesne, Weidman's
going to make some bank this summer, I think.
Let's maybe get a black car, guys.
Get an UberX.
A minivan.
Are you kidding me?
Get a black car, fellas.
Hey, how about the Senators posting the Uber advertisement?
Oh, my God.
Only Ottawa could then have an Uber ad ripping around the bowl of the arena
the next night.
On NHL Network, we were saying they were Uber excited to play,
and they really needed a lift by getting the win.
Who said that?
Reed Weetzie.
Oh, that's a good line.
I think it was Arpon Basu.
I think that's how you pronounce his name.
He tweeted.
He said, basically, of all the conversations and all the cars
and all the cities and all the teams,
it just happened to be fucking ottawa to get theirs leaked
after the season it was so funny too the cab he's like who you guys play for he's like ottawa
yeah the beginning i was like oh man i get he's like can you tell how well we're doing or something
like that boys um speaking of another dumpster fire situation and a PR nightmare,
the Quinville firing.
Why don't you start off with that one, Whit?
Joe Quinville is the second winningest hockey coach in the history of the game
of hockey, the end of the NHL, the league we cover, the National Hockey League,
biz works for a team.
I work for a network.
Not a big deal.
And I'll tell you right now
he had had a rift with stan bowman for quite a while they didn't get along they did not get
along in the yeah five six years right you say biz six yeah okay six years so that that's evident
and in the end stan bowman's the one who's able to fire him i mean he's put in charge
but when you look at all of this and when it really went south
and when this rift was almost, I think, made to be unfixable,
if that's a word, it was when Panarin was traded.
Yeah.
That's a fucking horrible trade.
What?
Horrible fucking trade.
Horrible.
Horrible trade.
And I'll tell you right now, if you're Patrick Kane,
that fucking trade cost you.
Barstool Chief wrote this.
It cost you, I think he wrote 200, maybe 300 career points
because Anisimov, Kane, and Panarin was the best line in the league that year.
If not the best, they were top three.
They were incredible.
And then you go out and you trade Panarin, you want Brandon Saad back.
That's nothing against Brandon Saad, but Panarin is,
this guy's going to sign this summer, and the first number,
it's going to be a 10 per million per season.
There's going to be a 10 there, 1-0.
Mine was 4.
Half guy.
Mine was 4.
His is 10.
Six more million.
Double mine.
Double mine.
He won't be sitting in a Secaucus residence inn
with rubbers hanging around the fucking floor.
I'll tell you that for free.
They traded Panarin and from then it was,
I think, and then they fired
his best friend, I believe his name's Mike
Kitchen. Is that it?
I believe so.
We should ask the journal online.
I want to get this right. And they didn't even
let him know. All of a sudden he was just let
go. And, you know, this is someone who's  yeah, Mike Kitchen.
They'd won three Stanley Cups together.
And I think at this point, when this firing finally happened,
Stan Bowman says, I got to try to save my job.
Barry Smith, who's now the assistant with Jeremy Carlton,
who I played against.
I played against him in the minors a little bit.
He was up for over 50 games, I think, in the NHL he played.
I've talked to a couple guys who said you knew right away he was going to be a coach,
kind of one of those types of players, smart guy.
He coached a team in Sweden for four years already.
He's 33 years old.
So he's been coaching for quite a while at his young age.
But they hired Barry Smith, who's Scotty Bowman's best friend and right-hand man.
Scotty Bowman is obviously Stan Bowman's father, the legendary.
You know who I said Joel Kenwell is the second winningest coach in the NHL?
Well, the winningest is old Scotty Bowman,
ripping around Montreal, Detroit, St. Louis, winning games left and right.
So now they got his boy coaching with Colleton in Barry Smith,
Stan Bowman running this whole ship, John McDonough, who came over from the Cubs.
He's pretty much given Stan Bowman full reign to do whatever he wants. And it was the wrong
decision. And if you had money on people being fired in the NHL, Joel Quenville wasn't the name.
Because if you finish this season as the Blackhawks
and you don't make the playoffs, whatever.
Make some changes.
But to try to move and think Joel Quenville's the issue right now
is crazy to me.
Crazy.
Holy shit, that was a lot of great points.
Well, I was thinking about it last night.
1636 NHL games coach, second only to Scotty Bowman all time.
797 games coach for the Chicago Blackhawks with a 627 winning percentage.
He's got 452 regular season wins, 76 postseason wins,
nine playoff appearances, three division titles, three Cups, of course.
Probably some nervous head coaches right now in the league.
Randy Carlisle is like, Jesus Christ.
Yeah, I would say there's about five or six coaches now
because of that firing who probably before
weren't considering they were going to get replaced.
That, hey, this guy's a much-wanted coach.
He's got this year and next year remaining on his 18 million deal.
I believe the team owes him another,
I think it would be another 8 i believe from now on another trade that really upset him was the
john wilson trade yep you said that he was part of that that core group and and that was another
one that they just did and then he was like are you fucking kidding me that's my boy like that
like this is a guy who's helped me win before and i believe he's going to help me win more moving forward so it was a lot of like a lot of little jabs a lot of little jabs to work
towards coach q and a guy who's done a lot for those uh organization uh kane's comments were
very defensive of quinville people are saying it was a jab at bowman i don't know if i'd go that
far saying that uh but uh you know at the end the day, boys, I don't like this at all.
It's a difficult situation because the guys who got the job done for them
in winning the three cups had to get paid.
Yeah.
People was not responsible for those contracts.
So it's a tough position for Stan Bowman to be in
because those guys' agents are like, yo, could you imagine tough position for Stan Bowman to be in because those guys,
agents are like,
yo,
could you imagine what your fan base is going to do if you guys don't
ink these guys,
the deals.
Yeah.
Imagine like the,
the uproar.
So it's kind of a no win situation for him,
but at the end of the day,
it's his job to balance that salary cap.
And,
uh,
and he,
he put them in a bit of a tough situation.
Uh,
and also fuck the Panarin trade.
That one was catastrophic.
So that's all I got to say about that.
Yeah, it definitely feels like another firing from somewhere else in the league
is inevitable because opportunities like this for a GM don't come around often
where you're able to bring in a bonafide Hall of Fame coach.
And, I mean, Quenville's coach coach 22 seasons in the nhl i mean you could
pretty much make space for his plaque already uh so you know is philly gonna can't hack stall i know
the fans would love to see that happening um i don't know are a three three oh and one on that
western swing they're they're back on track they had that horrible loss at home six one
to the islanders uh but he is a name that has popped up.
I'd put a few guys before him.
Yeah, I mean, you feel like it's inevitable that he's going to end up somewhere.
Also, too, I don't know if we mentioned that they also fired former wheelers
and his assistants, Kevin Dineen and Ulf Samuelsson.
They also got tossed.
Yeah, 890 wins.
He's actually 354 behind Scotie Bowman, so it's not
like he was going to break the record
anytime soon. Just a few
notes about the replacement, Jeremy Collin. I know
you say he coached in Sweden for a couple years.
He's going from Rockford to the
38th coach in Blackhawks history.
It's going to be interesting, man.
This guy, he seems like he might be a player's coach.
He's obviously a young guy. He's 33, the
youngest coach in the NHL.
He's going to make his debut tonight in Carolina.
It's going to be interesting to see, man.
And it's funny, all three teams, you know, from the Kings, Blackhawks,
and Bruins, those, you know, teams that were kind of dominating
seven, eight years ago, none of them have their coach anymore.
Julian, Quenville, and Sutter have all been shit cans since,
since they've won the cup.
And what  Well, I'm saying Quenville, I don't know him. I've never met him.
I'd be surprised if he hopped right into the coaching game this year.
I just feel like after what, I mean, he doesn't need money.
And for me, it'd make more sense that this summer, I mean, he,
he's now one of the top UFAs. You talk about UFA players, he's the same exact thing this summer
where he's going to basically have his pick.
And you know he's going to want to go to a team that can win,
is set up to win.
He's basically going to say what he wants to be paid.
They're going to pay him.
I mean, Babcock, what, is 7 million a year?
Quimble will easily get that.
I think he's 6.5 million, maybe 6.25.
Okay, so say Quenville.
Quenville's going to get 7, 8 million.
He wants it.
So I would be kind of surprised if he hops back in,
having said that Julian was over in Montreal in about 10 days.
So we'll see what happens moving forward.
But there's definitely some hot seats getting a little bit warmer.
R.A., before we throw it back to you to finish off your point uh
josh cooper who works uh part-time with the athletic does some work with the la kings
made a great point and with to touch on what you said about being a unrestricted free agent and the
coaches sometimes are the most important pieces look at what barry trotz has done with the islanders
so far everybody thought they were going to be dog shit coming in. And he's turned that around.
And, you know, sometimes, you know, when you take a team
and you give them a coach that's as qualified as Quinville,
he can whip them into shape pretty quick.
So I'd imagine that he'd probably, depending on how pissed off he is
and how quick he wants to jump back in to shove it up their ass,
he may just sit back and say, you know what, I'm going to wait
and then get a fucking
big youth ticket this summer.
Yeah, exactly. He's getting paid
in the meantime. And the only other point I was going to say,
our friend of the program, Jeff
Marek, he actually tweeted it Sunday before
Quenville got fired. He said, basically,
when it comes right down to it, every
coach is an interim coach.
You know, you basically, every guy's
going to get shit at the end at some point.
Yep.
Not everyone's going to win three cups like Q did.
The NHL, have we even mentioned the legend we have on this podcast today?
Oh, no.
I mean, that's what I was going to say.
There's so much going on in the NHL.
But we're going to be very happy to bring to you Biz's former teammate
and one of the best guys you'll ever meet in Shane Doan.
So I don't know if, Biz, you want to go to him now or are we  why don't we just throw it over to you?
And give a quick little word about Doan before we just send it over to a hell of an interview.
I love the guy.
One of the best human beings I've ever met.
An unbelievable leader.
A quick back story.
I think it was my first
year with the team you know obviously the the media coverage at that time wasn't massive
in arizona um but nonetheless still some pressure internally to win and uh with team was doing great
i think he'd gone like 15 or 20 games without a goal and his role had been diminished a little
bit like i think that he was off the power play towards the end of that when he was struggling to score but the team was
doing well he didn't say fucking bullshit never sulked he always put it on himself and said yo i
gotta be better i'm sorry i'm letting you guys down never like oh i'm not on the fucking power
play just just like the most selfless guy and and that was my first year there and i'm like man this is why this guy has such a good reputation like he's fucking team first unbelievable person all all
the accountability in the world and uh i had the pleasure pleasure to play with him i i love aves
uh when he aves made a comment that he was one of the most overrated players i i was not happy
about that one and you know i i don't i don't agree with everything that aves. I'd say one of the most underrated and he was one of those guys that people
criticize for not trying to go somewhere else and win.
He tried to change the culture in Arizona. And when I first got here,
he did just that. We made playoffs three years in a row.
And that third year we went to the conference finals and, you know,
not even just the on ice shit,
the off ice stuff is what I remember the most about donor.
And I'm looking forward to presenting to you guys this interview. This interview is brought to you by keeps.
Maybe you notice you have a little less hair than you used to, but you're not sure if there's a real
solution. The thing is there are two clinically proven medications that let you keep your hair
and now they're inexpensive and easy to get. You know, folks, it's too late for me, but guys out
there, you might be losing a little bit up top.
It's definitely not too late for you.
You don't have to lose your hair if you don't want to.
It's that simple.
That's why I'm going to tell you about Keeps.
For five minutes now and just a dollar a day, you'll never have to worry about hair loss again.
Again, I wish they had this stuff 20 years ago when I started losing my stuff up top,
but you don't have to look like me when you're in your 40s.
You can have a nice full head of, I'm sorry, a nice full head of hair. Getting started
with Keeps is so easy. Sign up takes less than five minutes. You answer a few questions and boom,
couple of photos, you're all set. A licensed doctor remotely reviews your info, recommends
the right treatment for you, all without leaving your couch. Keeps offers the generic versions of
the only two FDA-approved
hair loss products out there. Some of you probably tried them before, but you've never gotten them
for this price and this easy. Keeps is only 10 to 35 a month, plus now you can get your first
month for free. That's one hell of a deal for keeping your hair. Again, the ship already sailed
for me, but you younger guys, you don't have to be bald when you're in your 40s like myself.
That's what Keeps is for.
There's no reason to put it off any longer.
Stop hair loss today the easy way with Keeps.
To receive your first month of treatment for free, go to Keeps.com slash chicklets.
That's K-E-E-P-S.com slash chicklets.
That's a free month of treatment at Keeps.com slash chicklets. Keep's a free month of treatment at keeps.com slash chicklets keeps hair
today,
hair tomorrow.
Well,
I want to welcome a very special friend of mine to the podcast.
It's on the,
he's going to be on for the first time.
I know he listens with his boy,
which I was surprised because given how,
how good of a father he is,
it's probably the worst thing he's let his kid do as a parent is listen to our podcast uh the greatest greatest phoenix slash
arizona coyote of all time uh i don't know probably one of the best guys i've ever met
uh shane doan welcome to the spit and chiclets podcast oh thanks biz thanks for having me on
thanks guys appreciate it um first of all you're in milwaukee why are you in milwaukee right now podcast. Thanks, Biz. Thanks for having me on. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
First of all, you're in Milwaukee.
Why are you in Milwaukee right now?
We've got a big tournament coming up this weekend.
I coach
the U16. I help coach
the U16 boys team here in Arizona.
We've got a pretty good team
and we're hoping that starting this weekend
we can get going.
I guess I should ask you, how's development now in Arizona
ever since Matthews broke into the league?
Like, is it the caliber of play?
You got to think it's elevating with all these ex-NHLers coaching
and training their kids.
Oh, for sure.
It's made a huge difference.
And you know what the biggest difference is?
Is that he gives kind of the boys, I think, credibility.
Because it's a question that everyone asks.
It's like, well, how's the hockey in Arizona?
I mean, you're in the desert and it's not really, you know,
a place that you think of ice when you come down there.
And when the boys just have the ability to say, yeah, one of our guys,
one of the kids that played in Arizona,
one of the boys that played for the Junior Coyotes
is one of the premier players in the NHL.
It just kind of gives credibility to the boys,
and I think it makes them feel just better about what they're doing.
And it's fun.
It's fun for them to kind of have someone that he comes and skates
in the summer with a few of them, and he's awesome.
He's an amazing guy, and the boys all love him, and it's pretty cool.
Yeah, it's funny.
We talked to him recently, and I asked him, like, being from Boston,
there were so many local guys from around here that made it to the NHL
I could look up to.
And, you know, you're from Alberta,
so there's 9,000 guys from there who played in the NHL.
But for him, it was, you know, he didn't seem to care
or even think about it.
But he never had one guy locally to be like, oh, he's from here and did it.
And now these kids do.
And it just makes the dream, like, more realistic, I i would say even to kids that are 12 and 13 years old oh 100 percent that's
i think it's one of the best parts about being in arizona now too and for the boys which i know it's
it seems obviously i'm biased because my son's here and everything, but they get to be around NHL guys all the time.
Like, Biz is in the arena.
I'm in the arena.
There's guys that are playing right now for the Coyotes.
They all seem to be in the ice den or in one of the arenas,
so the boys seem to always run into them and see them
because there's not a lot of places in the valley
that the guys kind of go if you're going to get ice.
So if you go to the arena in the summer, you might run into Austin Matthews.
You might run into, you know, OEL or one of the guys, Max Domi, whatever,
whoever the guys are that were spending time there at the time.
So it was cool.
Shane, you played, you know, 21 seasons in the NHL with the same franchise,
Winnipeg, Phoenix, Arizona. I think a lot of people forget you NHL with the same franchise, Winnipeg, Phoenix, Arizona.
I think a lot of people forget you actually did spend that first year in
Winnipeg.
And that was somewhat of a legendary, some legends on that squad.
You had, you know, Tame Mussolini, who was traded later in the year,
but you had Big Walt Kachuk, probably the most underrated,
maybe the most underrated defenseman of his generation,
Teppo Newman, Nikolai Habibullin.
What was it like playing with that team in your rookie season,
with all those characters?
Oh, my gosh.
It was unbelievable.
We had Alexei Zhamnov, too, who at that time was unbelievable.
We ended up trading him the following year for Jeremy Roenick,
but Alexei Zhamov was an unbelievable player
like I think like if you talk to Keith and to Teppo and to Tamal at the time they thought he
was our best player he had uh he was just unbelievable um then he had like Dave Mance
we had Charlie and uh it was it was such an incredible group to kind of come into the league
with and uh it was they were unbelievable to me.
And Walt, I heard him when he was on your guys' show.
So it was pretty cool.
Donner, okay, so we told that story.
And he wouldn't get into it to tell himself.
He confirmed it about the night where they had that trip planned to Vegas
because you guys had a couple days off.
And the game was going to go into overtime because they tied it up late and
everyone was like fuck we're gonna miss our flight because they were flying commercial
and he goes boys don't worry i got us and he went out there the next shift and just fucking put the
team on his back and scored and then apparently he beat 15 000 people out of the rink that night
he didn't do one fucking interview or anything is that true well they
had a little bit of fun and the other i mean if he didn't confirm it i'm not confirming it so uh
that group well when we got to arizona there was like keith who is an amazing guy. But as brash and as big of a personality as you ever meet,
Jeremy Roenick, who obviously J.R. Stiles is very similar,
Toc, who now obviously is a coach, and his personality is huge.
It was unbelievable, the group that we had there.
They had so much fun, and they enjoyed playing the game for sure did you did oh go
ahead sorry what no go ahead my bad no go ahead i was just gonna ask you to help the other stars
on the team the fact that jr was around to take a lot of the spotlight away from him
yeah for sure jr loves the spotlight and he was so because we we didn't get him till like
end of October we had Craig Janney too so we had so Walt played with CJ that year and then we had
JR playing he was with might have been Mike Gartner um that year so we had enough guys that
we had a really good team and we had some guys that could score some hall of fame guys that were um that were it was unbelievable as a young guy it was it was pretty intimidating
so donor you your rookie year you know it was with the winnipeg jets
that year how far into the year when did it come out that the team was moving the following season
and and how weird was it it to play out a year?
I mean, I remember seeing a documentary on the Cleveland Browns when they all knew they
were going to Baltimore.
It was just like bizarro world.
Like, did you guys know in the room?
I don't even know the timing there.
Yeah, no, we didn't know.
We didn't know where we were going the whole year.
But knew you were going?
Yeah, we knew we were going.
They told all the fans the year before that we were leaving,
and they all had this big party and this big celebration.
And then it was like, ah, just kidding, we're coming back,
which obviously made it so hard on the fans that year.
And they were all mad because it was a riot because the fans,
they were all pissed off that we were saying we're leaving.
Then we're coming.
Then we're leaving.
Eddie Olchek had a big,
he got to ask Eddie about it.
He had a,
he had a big,
like they had this big party down in downtown Winnipeg and he yelled that
he's bringing the cup back to Winnipeg.
When,
when we,
if we win the cup,
we're bringing it back to Winnipeg.
And it was,
uh,
we,
it was fun.
We had a great group of guys.
But yeah, we didn't know where we were going,
but we knew we were leaving,
and we were told it was going to be Minnesota.
From everything that we were told, it was going to be Mini.
And then right at the all-star break,
we came down as a team to Arizona.
They flew us all down on a charter,
the first charter I'd ever been on.
So they charted a plane for us all.
We all came down to Arizona to check it out.
And we were all like,
holy cow,
this is unbelievable.
And the crowd there was amazing.
And it was minus,
it was minus 33 when we got on the plane in Winnipeg.
It says middle of January.
It was plus 76 or 77 when we landed in Phoenix.
It was 106 degree temperature change.
And then, yeah, it was tough to leave
because I'm from Western Canada,
but at the same time, it was happening no matter what.
And you just kind of dealt with it.
Shane, taking a look at early in your career, you know know you look like you might have struggled with scoring wise your first couple
seasons was there a little a little trying to be polite was there was there a light or something
that turned on after that fourth season because you went from six goals to 26 and you never looked
back i think it was nine straight years the minors. He caught the always hungry.
Exactly.
You know what happened?
I actually got sent to the minors the year before.
So I got sent to the minors in my third year.
I had actually an unbelievable training camp.
And then I played two years in the NHL
and I was one game short of playing in my 160th game.
And they sent me to the minors because if I played my next game, I was on a one-way contract.
And I didn't have any idea.
I'm in Florida and I'm dressed, heading onto the ice in Florida.
And Jim Schoenfeld calls me and says, hey, I think you just got traded.
I'm not allowed to play you tonight. I'm like, Oh, okay.
So I go back to the room. I'm like halfway down the hallway.
I come back into the room and taking my gear off.
The guys come in and they're kind of asking what's going on there.
I have no idea. And turns out if I played that game, I was on a one week.
So then they sent me to the minors for 33 games and just left me there.
And I'd been like sick in training camp that year.
39, actually.
39 games?
Yeah, yeah.
Don't try to make it sound like that was.
Not like going from the NHL to Springfield, Mass, either.
Oh, yeah.
So I had an apartment in Arizona because i'd been there for two years
and then i had them so then i got an apartment they said oh you can stay in the team apartment
down in springfield and i was like oh okay and they were like well you're not going we're just
going to keep you here for a little bit and i was there for 39 games and then they said oh yeah well
you just keep paying for your apartment in,
uh, in Arizona and we'll pay for your apartment in Springfield.
I'm like,
what?
That's not right.
You have to pay for my apartment in Arizona.
I pay for the apartment.
Yeah.
Spring.
It's 300.
Yeah.
It was like the pillar at Scottsdale,
but the Springfield edition.
Yeah.
I used to live in an apartment in Scottsdale while I was playing for the
Yotes in my first three years.
Everything, bills included, I was under 1,000 in the NHL.
Yance used to make fun of me.
He said Yance wouldn't drop me off because he's like,
I don't want to get shot because he thought it was like,
I'm like, what are you talking about?
I'm like, I live in Scottsdale.
And he's like, man, no way you're paying under a grand.
I'm not going anywhere near there.
Hey, Donor.
That doesn't sound like jelly.
Yeah.
Jelly.
Donor, I need to, like, ask.
So when you're living in Phoenix and you realize there's so much to do
and you're loving that part of your life,
but the fans aren't what they were in Winnipeg,
was that hard at the beginning?
Was it like, oh, my God?
Or at the beginning, were the fans incredible?
I always wished that the stadium had been put in Scottsdale.
I actually heard a story that there was a picture of you in the dirt for scott still every now and then oh yeah true but um
i got was it tough with not not a great fan fan base you know what at the beginning in phoenix
it was unreal wow like and i'm not even joking like i think we sold out we you couldn't even
we sold out 26 of our first 40 games. And that's including games where
Oh, I didn't know we had to include downtown.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
They were in Scottsdale.
They would sell out every game.
Donor, correct me if I'm wrong.
Apparently, the most attractive girls in the league in the lower bowl
were in the downtown arena.
Well, I mean, Christ, that's a tough question for you,
but just use a code word or something.
You have pretty good information.
You have pretty good information usually on what the women look like.
I don't think you're going to get in trouble with the old lady for that
comment.
We're good.
Yeah, we're clear.
We're clear.
Was that the same arena that the Suns used to play in?
Was it that arena?
Yeah, it's that one.
It was America West.
But you know what?
No one was hard.
And because of what we've done to the fans in Winnipeg my first year,
we told them we were leaving.
We told them we were coming.
We averaged like 9,000 people or 9,800 people that year in Winnipeg because we told them we were
leaving then then we're coming back then we were leaving again and that's including like donor
that's the biggest misconception that you've told me too and not a lot of people know the history
about this is like they weren't selling out there last year like things weren't going great and the
dollar was getting smoked so there was a lot of reasons why they moved and no corporate dollars.
Well, it was more to do for me.
My experience was more because we told them we were leaving and like,
and then they knew, and then we ended up coming back.
So then it's hard to sell season tickets once you told everyone you're
leaving and then you come back and now they know for sure it's only for one
year. And then it's, it's hard to kind of why as a corporation would you keep putting money like
if you're a corporate dollars why are you going to keep putting money into something that everyone
knows is leaving it was like it was a really it was a tough situation in winnipeg so when we came
to arizona it was sold out all the time it was packed the white house we had the white out against anaheim that first year
it was like amazing like and there was it was it was a we had an absolute blast i mean it was
everything was going well and then obviously it was you know it was a tough decision to end up
moving the team so far away from like it's like moving the team out of the city that they were in
to when you move to Glendale.
Cause it's quite a ways away.
Well, the DUI laws, I mean,
they'll put you in prison for fucking six years if you get,
get a DUI out there.
So nobody's going to be driving to the game.
Yeah.
And it's a ways, like it's a ways, but at the same time,
if we win, like when we were winning this, we, we were doing fine.
Like three years in a row there. Yeah. But at the same time, if we win, like when we were winning this, we were doing fine. Oh, yeah.
About three years in a row there.
Yeah.
It's a misconception that you just got to win.
You can't think, why would anyone come out and support something?
Arizona's like an event town because there's so many big events that happen in the town.
And if your team isn't something that people are going to get excited about they're
not going to spend their money on it because they're going to go either to the football team
baseball basketball so they have all that but then they have the phoenix open they have the
super bowl they'll have the two nascar events they'll have the barrett jackson they have
all these different events constantly going on in the state because it's so nice to spend the winter down there.
So if you're not winning, they're not going to come around.
But when we were winning early on, it was good.
And then when Biz was there, it was really good.
I think the correlation between Biz and you, us winning,
I tried to throw that in there for you.
Oh, yeah.
Give me a break.
I showed up at the right time.
Music in the locker room.
It was weird.
We had such good teams.
We had a little combination of everything.
We had the Czech mafia.
We had like four Czech guys on the team, so we used to call them the Czech mob.
Wait, Biz.
I got to tell them the story of you coming in hot on the first little bit.
All right.
Sure.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, stoner.
So, we come. this is, we come,
Biz gets picked up.
He got picked up on waivers, right?
Or did they trade?
No, they traded Kars.
Did they trade Kars for him?
No, I got picked up off waivers.
Yeah, Jelly was like,
who is this guy?
Yeah, oh no.
So we come in,
and Biz hasn't played a game yet
on our team
and i'm as a captain and i've been there for a little while and there's comes in and i hate
going on i hate going on the on the table in the medical room i would never go on it
the massage table coming out of training yeah on the massage table and i coming out of the
training camp i hurt my back somehow.
And my back was really tight.
And so I'm laying on the  we finished the first game in L.A.
in Staples Center.
And I haven't really even talked to Biz yet.
Like, he just got picked up before the first  like, it was the beginning of October, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
I was there for like no time.
We just talked like once or twice.
And I'm laying on the massage table.
I'm grumpy that I'm on the massage table because I hate being in there.
And Biz walks in, oh, no big deal on the table already, hey?
Take advantage of it.
And everyone in the room turned and glared at him.
And our trainer wanted to kill him because I hated going on there.
And I was like, really? And then it was one of those things yeah i was i couldn't believe it i was
like who is this guy yans and feds goes this guy's gonna be here a week after i said that
this guy's gone in a week wait but then so then me and you ended up going to remember we had pre-game like two or
three games later a week later oh before playing yes and you were like crushed i wasn't liking it
i wasn't having a good time i missed everyone you were pittsburgh well yes billy you know what i
think changed it around? Billy G.
Was warm  yep.
I was talking with Billy G in warm-up, and I knew I wasn't playing,
so I was at the red line.
And fucking  even Sid came over and chin-tapped me.
Like, I think a lot of guys on the team noticed that and were like,
oh, maybe this guy's not that big of a piece of shit.
And then from then on  No one noticed that.
No, everyone was like, this guy's still
fucking here.
And then it was
Oh, I was
going to change speeds and get the way from you
shitting on me right now.
You had some pretty good stories about all
the pranks that were going on in Phoenix
during the glory days with all the older guys.
Oh, yeah. I want to hear about a couple of these because some of these are like if something happened
nowadays a guy would get kicked off the team for bullying right right yeah well i was scared so i
had to walk in in america west arena we have this long narrow dressing room and i'd have to walk
i was down by the goalies and i'd have to walk down to the to through all the guys to get to the bathroom at the other end of the
arena at the other end of the dressing room and instead of walking through there I would go out
our exit of our dressing room out into where the public would walk walk around the outside of the
door and come back in the other end of the dressing room so that I could go to the bathroom because I did not want to walk by like Walt, JR, Talk,
Mantle, Dally Drake, Whitey, all these guys.
Oh, you were just put in a guillotine of chirps?
Oh, yes.
It was like, you couldn't handle it.
You just were so beat up by the time you'd get there.
It just was so embarrassing.
I'd walk out amongst the public. I'd be walking in my
full uniform, in my gear, walking
with my skates on, out in the public and back
in on the other end. People would be like,
no one knew who I was, but they'd be like, hey, there's a guy
who's taking this serious. He's hockey.
He's getting ready for the game thing.
You savages.
Shane, what did you think when the
Jets name got recycled
for another franchise? What did you think of that Jets name got recycled for another franchise?
What did you think of that as a guy who used to play for them?
Did it even bother you at all?
Did you even care?
I thought it's so cool.
I think that obviously the fans in Winnipeg were still pumped.
The only people that I really feel for is the guys that played in Atlanta.
The guys that played.
And it's what I've feared my whole life now, not my whole life, but my career is that once like in all seriousness,
like Ilya Kovalchuk, Dan Heatley, Slater,
there's a whole bunch of guys that played in, in Atlanta.
And all of those years in Atlanta have been erased because most people assume
that the Jets are from us.
And so anyone that plays about it,
like all the,
like that when we talk about records for the coyotes and they're like,
Oh,
like pick it or leave it.
And I'm like,
who the fuck cares?
Like,
like we're talking about stats here,
like chill out.
Yeah.
Cause it's a franchise record,
not a city record.
Yeah. And that's one. So I, i love the fact that the jets are back like i think it's so cool the fans are like that's
an unbelievable building to play hockey and those fans are awesome as you go into that building it's
so fun to play there because and early on when they boo the captain every time you touch the
puck it was that was i love that they were they actually cheered for me the first time well some people no no they fucking booed
and i was pissed i was up in the press box obviously and i'm expecting everyone to be
like give them like a standing oh and i hear the boos and i'm like what the fuck no i'm like there's
no way and i know it was kind of like a i i went on Twitter about it, but people said it was friendly boos, like kind of like jokingly,
ah, we're booing Donor.
Yeah, and that was  they cheered the very first time when they said my name
on the  because Teemu  no, I'm not.
Teemu was there.
And anyone that had played for the Jets, they gave them a
like they cheered for you.
But then they booed the captain of every team, which was a cool
I thought that was a cool like like, I don't know,
that kind of a cool thing.
So it's awesome.
I love that.
I just feel so bad.
Like Ilya Kovalchuk,
they were talking about the last player to score 50 goals for the
Winnipeg Jets.
And they were saying, well, it was Keith Kachuk.
And I'm like, no, he's, he scored for us.
The last player to score for the 50 goals for,
for the Winnipeg Jets now
would be Ilya Kovalchuk.
Do you know what I mean?
And that's where I'm like  for me, I'm like that's
Yeah, their history should be different.
Yeah, because TSN, every time they do a graphic,
they always say like teams who play in Winnipeg name the Jets.
They have to specify it because, you know, there was the AHL version.
I think there was like a version back in like the 40s too the like original winnipeg jets because obviously yeah yeah there was yeah
very it's obviously a huge name up there i was just going to say like even like with
patrick liney and stuff like he's unbelievable and they want to compare him to tamu and i'm like
that's awesome but dan healy was unbelievable and scored 50 goals as a young kid for Atlanta.
Do you know what I mean?
I just think Canada is so proud of hockey that they just don't blame it.
They just want a piece of it all.
Whatever.
I know exactly what it means because it is.
It's a separate franchise, and you're almost assigning it to a whole other franchise
when they really have nothing to do with each other.
I know exactly where you're coming from.
And then for me, what makes it so personal is that then you almost forget
about Dan Healy and Ilya Kovalchuk and all of those guys.
Colby Armstrong, too.
Yeah, yeah, Colby, he's a great guy.
And so for me, I'm afraid of that.
Like I was afraid of that all the time when they were talking about
the Coyotes movement.
I'm like, holy man, you just forget about the guy's whole career that played in that city.
Do you know what I mean?
Donor, so like who would hold the record of like would Jim McKenzie have the biggest cock in Winnipeg Jets history?
Or Phoenix Coyotes history?
He's been the coach for the entire league.
For the entire league.
So we are getting confirmation because we attended to cock talk a little bit,
and we were going to kind of do none,
and the conversation came up because you play with him in both places.
Now, is the rumor true?
Does this guy have the hugest weapon of all time?
Okay, I'll give you my story of Jimmy McKenzie.
So I'm 18 years old. We picked him up from the Islanders,
and I'm walking out of the dressing room in Winnipeg.
And he's showering as we're walking out.
And I look into the shower, and it's only him in the shower.
And I get startled.
I'm like, what was that?
So I walk by the shower as I'm heading out.
I'm 18.
I don't say boo to anybody.
I'm not talking.
I'm smiling and nodding the
whole time I walk past the shower I stop I wait for like 15 20 seconds I turn around and walk
back into the dressing room just because I'm like what the heck was that and as I walk back into the
dressing room I'm like holy cow what is that thing I get into? I get into the dressing room.
Now I have to wait like three minutes.
I can't turn around and walk right by again.
He's totally going to see that I'm walking back and forth
on the bird watching him as I'm going by the shower.
And I'm like, oh, my gosh, I got to sit here for a little bit.
And it is amazing.
And that sounds so weird.
He looks like he's seen a ghost.
What's the matter?
That's crazy.
What a good guy.
He's one of the best guys, too.
But it is absolutely.
I mean, hey, it's one of those things that everyone talks about.
So you caught my attention earlier saying that it was the first charter plane
you'd been on down to Arizona at the All-Star break in Winnipeg.
So that means you're one of the guys that experienced the NHL with non-chartering jets
and taking commercial airlines in the morning.
And it's so amazing to me because the best part of the NHL is the private jets.
And the fact that you guys would play and then would it happen where the next morning
you take the first flight out of, say, Boston and get stuck, like, in the middle seat next
to the dude who brings fucking Chinese food and Tupperware onto planes and stinks up the
whole row?
Or would you all be together?
Oh, yeah.
No, you were stuck in the middle row, especially as a young guy.
And we had a connection because there was no direct flights
into winnipeg so the only the only international flight into winnipeg was through minnesota
who didn't have an nhl team and i spent more time in the minnesota airport that year than i spent
anywhere else in the by far not even close every single flight with delays, flight delays, teams never battled like being late to games or I just can't imagine like the actual what it deals with to go through commercial traveling.
It's terrible.
And you're an NHL club.
Oh, and you.
So we would.
So we would play sometimes if you couldn't get like you would never have a game back-to-back if it was a long flight,
like if you had a connecting flight.
We would go to L.A., and then you'd play L.A. twice back-to-back.
You'd play them on Tuesday and then again on Thursday.
Oh, really?
And then we'd come back home, which was great.
Guys loved that too.
You could spend a little more time in the city. city yeah so that made it a little bit better too and you never ever flew out after a game like
you stayed every night like you didn't every night you stayed in that city and then you'd fly out the
next day oh so that's why everybody was boozing and donor one of the funnier stories i heard i
don't know if it was you who told me this, but because they would fly on commercial flights, if they would have like a practice and then they'd
fly out after, you know, sometimes you bring in your luggage and your carry-ons and guys would
put dildos wrapped in foil into the bottom of the guy's bag. So when they're going through security,
they wouldn't have any metal in there. They didn't pack it right they didn't pack it no foil dildo in there
so then all of a sudden the alarm goes off and they're like sir is this yours and he's hanging
he's like fucking handling a big rubber dildo so then everyone have a chuckle oh yeah well that
was because security was like totally different like security now you get in so much trouble if you goof around and have fun
but then security was like excuse me sir like it was guys would yeah they would totally do that
wrap stuff up in tinfoil and then it would show up on the screen and they and you could see on
the person's face when it would be going through on the screen that there'd be like staring at you
and you guys would be like oh what did someone do and someone stuck something guys would steal the trainers um or the their phones like the big desk phones so we before
we'd leave we'd go on commercial flight they'd steal like the big desk phone that has like
everyone's number on it i mean it's different to now where you can type in it's computerized but
the old desk phones were like two feet by two feet,
and they're really expensive.
And they'd stick them in the bottom of your bag,
and then you'd be going through.
And then you'd have to carry the stupid thing around
on the seven-day road trip in the bottom of your bag
to bring it to every single time you'd go through.
You'd have to explain it, like stupid stuff like that all the time.
It amazes me.
It's hilarious. The time for stupid pranks you guys had.
There was one in particular in Phoenix and it would tell the people about the powder that turned purple or whatever.
So this is crazy.
So I,
I come into the rink and I've seen it.
I,
after practice,
I go to take my jock off and I have the purple people eater going like full bore.
I dip something in purple paint,
all my junk in purple paint,
as purple as you could possibly get.
I'm like, oh my gosh,
what the heck is that?
I'm kind of in panic mode trying to figure out
what's going on.
I'm looking around to see who's...
What's that?
No, sorry.
Go ahead.
It wasn't purple for any other reasons, Whit.
Yeah.
So I'm kind of trying to figure out what's going on.
And I'm like, someone has to be trying to figure out.
I'm trying to see who did it to me.
So I don't let anybody see.
I wait until, like, everyone leaves.
And then I come walking into the trainer's room with no
clothes on and they
are howling and laughing at me.
My dick is as
purple as you could possibly
get it. It was ridiculous.
They're
in tears laughing. Everyone's laughing.
For the next, it doesn't leave.
It won't ever leave.
I actually tried to... it's not waiting for like
five or six days okay and then wait didn't didn't somebody else get tricked and then that person
to get the person who obviously got him back he was never going to find out who he put in everybody
else's gear on the team yeah and then he does it he yeah he does it to everybody but i'm out on the
ice now and i and they all come out and everyone's hands are purple this was like three weeks later
and they're like show me your hands everyone everyone comes out on the ice show me your hands
and i take my gloves off and my hands aren't like i got no purple on my hands and they're like look
at ours and every single person on the team including the person that did it has purple on my hands and they're like look at ours and every single person on the team including the
person that did it has purple on their hands like they try to frame voter yes but they but they put
in way too much because when they put it in mine they didn't think it worked so then they only put
they put in like two scoopfuls in everyone's gloves everyone's banging it out and it's spreading
like in the air.
It's like this fine mist that they put on money
to catch people that are stealing money,
and it turned the whole room purple.
Everyone's jerseys were turning purple.
But they had to get everybody on the team new equipment.
It was like a 70,000 prank or whatever gear cost.
They had to get everybody brand new equipment
because this stuff stains everything. What kind of powder
was it exactly?
You put it on money and they catch people
that are skimming off of
the pot at
restaurants and stuff. They say that
when you're stealing, most people sweat
a little bit. As soon as you get any
moisture on it,
it turns whatever it's touching purple.
It's not like there's a hint of purple.
It's like spray-painted, like, dark, dark purple.
Jim McKenzie looks like Barney.
Yeah, yeah.
Final cock.
A little final cock.
Double-legged planter.
And Stan Wilson was a trainer, and he was fuming.
Oh, losing it
he had to replace all the rugs
and then rookies for the next like
three years got all
the gear
so for like the next two or three years they'd show up
and all of a sudden their hands would be purple
because some of the clubs
tried to reuse them and stuff
it was pretty good
that was Todd Simpson he never admitted to it for four years some of the clubs tried to reuse them and stuff. It was pretty good. Who did the key one?
He never admitted to it for four years.
Oh, so you ended up admitting to it?
Yeah.
Oh, Todd Simpson.
Okay, we got to get him on the mod then.
Oh, my goodness.
He's unreal.
He stole everyone's car keys and mail keys.
He got picked up on waivers by Anaheim,
went in while everyone was out on the ice, took everyone's car keys and mail keys. He got picked up on waivers by Anaheim, went in while everyone was out on the ice,
took everyone's car keys off their car, off their fobs,
and then took all their mail keys and house keys,
shook them all up in a big bag.
Oh, my God.
All over the floor in the middle of the dressing room
when we walked in, there's keys everywhere.
Guy couldn't get their mail for the rest of the year.
Yeah, he was gone.
He was picked up by a guy.
He didn't want to stay there too long.
So guys had to try like three keys and it wouldn't work.
They'd bring it back.
They said, yeah, these aren't mine.
Because like obviously not everyone's going to go home together.
Everyone leaves at different times.
So it took everyone like half the year to finally get their set of keys back.
And I don't even know, were garage door opener is a big thing back then.
Oh,
huge.
Well,
yeah,
like it was played when Jesus Christ.
I don't know if they had garage door opener.
But the guys,
some guys didn't ever get their mail the rest of the year.
Like their mail keys and stuff.
Guys are like,
screw it.
I'm done.
I'm not even trying anymore.
They're getting bad credit.
Donor played before the internet yeah you couldn't check nhl.com for donors like first six seasons you'd find out who was leading the league in points like six weeks into the season
let's keep going with the old jokes.
Oh, Donor.
Yeah, yeah.
Donor, what was the one  was it in Phoenix with the popcorn one?
When they filled the car?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tell that one.
That one?
Yeah, they opened up the roof and filled the car.
They opened up the roof and filled the car.
I think it was mayday's new
new yeah it was brad pay and but the thing is oiled popcorn instead of our buttered popcorn
and it ruined everything he ruined his whole interior these guys are fucking busting out 10k
pranks man on a minimum hey i came home i came home one time and someone and it was todd simpson again obviously
he had taken my windshield smeared it in vaseline and then went to a barber shop and bought a bag
of human hair and dumped it on my car so that when you turn your windshield wiper on all it does is
smear it everywhere and then i had to go to the gas station because i
couldn't see anything out of my windshield so i'm driving to the gas station with my head out
of the window get to the gas station and then you're scraping human hair off your car oh
and the guy comes out he's like hey what what's going on why do you got human hair on your car
like yeah nothing nothing i don't know. Looks like he hit somebody.
Yeah.
It's like 2.30 in the morning.
Coming home from, oh.
Jeez.
That's hilarious.
It was totally good.
Savage tricks, man.
When you cost another guy five grand, that's pretty savage.
Recently, Oliver Ekman-Larsen gets to see, you know, I think waiting a little bit to kind of, you know,
show you a little respect, you know, I think waiting a little bit to kind of, you know, show you a little respect, you know,
might have been the play, but finally they give it to the guy
who obviously deserves it.
Just your thoughts.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, he's an unbelievable guy.
He's a great player.
He's a guy that kind of, like, in my mind, it was, I mean,
I kind of thought it was always going to be him.
I thought that they should have kept Keith Angeli around for a couple more years
to let Oliver kind of see what it's like to kind of have someone like Ans around.
But then to have Oliver kind of take over, that's pretty cool.
And he deserves it.
He's their best player offensively.
I think he's their best player defensively. I think he's their best player defensively.
I think he's
a special talent
and he wants to be there.
He just signed for eight more years
and wants to be there.
That's pretty special. You don't find guys like him
too often. You can't let them leave.
I think he's going to do
an unbelievable job as a captain
and I'm so happy and excited do an unbelievable job as a captain.
And I'm so happy and excited for him.
It's pretty cool.
So you brought up one of my best friends.
And the guy who's told me about you and how good of a leader and a friend you were is Keith Yandel.
So he's pretty much giving you a lot of credit in terms of helping him become
not just a player he is and the professional he is, but kind of the person he is. And so
take me back to when you met him, because at the beginning, Keith always had a little wild side,
really not given a fuck side. And I think you kind of taught him what it took, you know,
what it takes to be a real pro.
So go into that a little bit for me.
You know what?
The first time I ever met Jens, I was like, who is this kid?
Are you kidding me?
Like Keith Kachuk, I talked with Walt, and Walt was like, hey, I got to
I don't think they're cousins or they're close.
Maybe they're  I know're close maybe they're I
know that their families are close their uncles robbed the bank together
yeah exactly where are they from Charlestown
you know we'll tell we stay out in the Liberty in Boston which yeah where Yanz's Yanz's uncles
all come in and we're sitting there in the lobby, and his uncles are looking around, and Yanz goes,
tell him what you just said to me.
And he's like, oh, man, the place sure changed since the last time I was in here.
And I looked at him.
I'm like, what?
He's like, oh, this used to be a jail.
I was like, oh, no way.
Hey, Keith's got an uncle.
Keith's got an uncle.
He's down Cape Cod.
And he's sick.
Oh, my God.
There's a lot of Massachusetts license plates down here.
And the guy was like, we're in Massachusetts, Jay.
Oh, that's unreal.
When you met him, I mean, what did Walt say?
Just look out for him?
Yeah, he's like, look out for him, take care of him.
So we end up going to San Antonio.
We're in San Antonio, and half the team goes on to Dallas,
and half the team stays in San Antonio.
They're kind of doing a split squad thing. And Jelly or Yans is there.
And he's 19 because he didn't get drafted as an 18-year-old.
I think he got drafted as a 19-year-old.
And so he's there for anyways.
I'm like, yeah, we're all meeting as a team.
Let's all come to this spot.
We'll watch the game because they're going to have its only place in San Antonio.
We could get it on TV.
So we're going to watch the game.
And the guys, as I'm sitting down at the table
inside where I like bar and grill area,
the guys are like, hey, they won't
let Jans into the restaurant.
I'm like, what are you talking about?
I walk out there, and I'm like, he's 19,
but I'm like, I already talked to the manager,
and they're going to let everyone come in.
He can hardly stand up.
It's like 6 o'clock
at night, and we've all been by
ourselves and he can't. And I'm like, what, who,
who does this at the 19 year old in a city by themselves? I'm like,
holy cow. Anyway, so him and I had a little chit chat about that.
And I was like, Hey, this go home. We got to figure this out.
And anyways, he went back to the hotel that year he was a
little bit wild and then the following year he came back and he was like a totally different guy
he was unbelievable and they sent him to the minors and made him rot in the minors for a year
he should have been up the whole year with us but i think they wanted to make him like he'd kind of
burn some bridges the first year and then that that year they made him work for it.
And then he came up.
And I have had amazing teammates in my career.
And I'd go out and say Mianz might be my favorite.
He is one of the guys that  and not like  I got knocked out by Wozniowski
one night I got hit
I fought Peros
the next shift
I was going to ask you
I've never seen you get hit like that
no joke
he caught me right on the button
out I went
and I'm trying to get up
and I fall back down and I try get up, and I fall back down,
and I try to get up, and I fall back down.
And I can't see what's going on.
And all of a sudden, it kind of, as I'm starting to get my bearings
and trying to, like, I was out on the ice for about three or four seconds.
And I kind of get my bearings, and I see Jans getting up from being in a fight.
And Jans goes flying in there and fights fight was. Who was actually really tough.
Yeah, very tough.
Very, very tough.
Really tough.
Threw both hands really well.
And Yanz wasn't like  he was a young kid
and he was a skilled offensive defenseman.
I was blown away.
And, I mean, him and I had gone along pretty good
and I really liked him.
But that was  I mean, I think he's an unbelievable guy
just because of that but because of all the other things he has too but that was so impressive to me
because that's that takes a lot for a guy to go jumping in there to fight someone that's tough
and he didn't have to I mean by any means I was I was going to be okay and take care of myself but
I don't know that was just kind of a tip of the iceberg about what type of guy he was and then as a as a man and as a dad he's unreal and he's so fun and
anyways him and him and biz i had so much fun with two of them which is funny you had fun you
had fun listening to him rip on me for five fucking years
is is how big he used to be.
Yans used to be like 220 pounds.
There's a picture of him in his place.
He's a fat shit.
Oh, my gosh.
He must have went on a diet plan and figured it out.
He said he was 218 when he got drafted.
Is that right, Whit?
I was at his draft party.
We just crushed him to get picked.
He was like a top ten talent, goes in like the fourth round.
Yeah, he won the CHL defenseman of the year,
and then he gets drafted in the third.
Because he gets into a fight, he had a black eye.
Oh, yeah, here's a story.
No, here's a story.
This is the last one.
Sorry, Donor, we're going a little over time with you here but uh the stories get flying so before the draft uh yans goes out with
a bunch of buddies and you know it's boston him and his buddies get a little lippy with another
group of guys well next thing you know yans is squaring off with the guy he cold cocks him
and basically knocked the guy out ended up being up being a scout for Nashville's son.
And then word caught around like wildfire,
and then that's why he ended up dropping probably a couple rounds in the draft.
I mean, at least he would have been early second at least.
He's doing all right now, though, Don.
He's got about 80 million in the bank.
Holy cow.
No kidding.
No taxes living down there?
I love it.
You're so rich, man.
You're so rich.
Oh, it's ridiculous.
Donner, we want to thank you for coming on.
And this was a nice surprise.
We got you last minute.
More than welcome to come on again.
Oh, we'd love to have you again, Donor.
Hey, real quick, I got to tell you guys two stories really quick
about your guys' show.
Okay, well, we're in this for another hour then.
Oh, if it's about us, then you can keep going on.
No, and this is serious, which is pretty cool.
So I was at Senator McCain's um funeral and it was i am the biggest most
he was an absolute amazing man i can't say enough great things about everything you hear about him
is only the tip of the iceberg he was even better than what you kind of he's portrayed i i really do
senator john mccain for those listening some of the listening. Some Canadians that may not know who we're talking about,
Senator John McCain.
And we got to be relatively good friends,
and I really enjoyed him.
Anyways, they had a celebration of life,
or celebration for him before the service
on the Wednesday night before his service.
And my wife and I were there, and his family was all there.
And it was it
was really special it was his birthday actually that day so we sang happy birthday it wasn't
it wasn't a sad moment it was actually a very um kind of encouraging time anyways as I'm as we're
sitting there the guy that's kind of organizing everything for for keeping the family and everyone involved comes up to me and he's like hey do you
listen to spitting chiclets and i'm like yes i do and they're like tell me those guys are that way
all the time and i was like they are that's just them being them but that's what makes it so cool
and so much fun so we get we get kind of laughing about it. And he's from Nashville.
He's one of the head guys that is just an organizer for the senator
and for different huge functions.
And then Ben, the senator, Megan's the senator's daughter,
her husband comes up to me and comes up and he's like,
hey, by the way way i love spitting
chiclets too i heard uh the story about jason la barbara you shot him and hit him in the neck with
a puck i love listening to those guys and they said that you're friends with paul bissonette and
and wits and those guys i was like yeah i i do i knowits, and I'm pretty good friends with Biz.
And he's like, oh, man, love that show.
It's so good.
It's my favorite podcast.
I listen to it all the time.
So I was like, is it okay if I tell them?
You almost killed Jason LaBarbera in warm-ups.
But anyways, I was howling.
I'm sitting in one of the most amazing moments in my life,
and there I'm talking about you guys.
I was like, I think it's okay if I tell them?
I'm stroking myself off to this story right now.
Just getting the forsythia all warmed up.
That's awesome.
And our condolences on your loss as well, Dono.
Sorry about your friend, you know.
Yeah, no, yeah.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
He was a good man.
But I was smiling and thinking, man, if I ever get on your guys' show,
I'm going to have to say this because I want to honor those guys
because they were pretty pumped about your show
and loved listening to you guys.
That's awesome, man.
Wits.
I think Wits hit his mute button.
Wits, you hit your mute button Yeah sorry but
You gotta let
Let us know how your team does
In Milwaukee because we're gonna need to shout them out
If they get the dub
Oh yeah
Alright we play
It's just four games
Next weekend we're in Pitt
We're back in your kind of neighborhood Witt And I know Biz loves Pitt still So we're in Pitt. We're back in your kind of neighborhood, Wits. And I know
Biz loves Pitt still. So we're
in Pitt for the big tournament in two weeks.
So we
can play Oakey.
Thanks, guys. Appreciate you having me on.
If you guys ever need anything, I'd love
listening to you guys. And thanks so much
for letting me come on. Yeah, we're going to need an interview every
six months. That's about it. See you later.
And if you want to buy some ad space, let me know.
I know a guy.
My pleasure.
Thanks a lot, Donald.
That interview was also brought to you by OMAX.
We live in a fast-paced, multitasking world that demands quick thinking.
And if you're anything like me, you want to be razor sharp
and on top of your game all the time.
But let's face it, there are those times when you feel foggy, forgetful, unfocused, unmotivated, and even downright irritable. Drinking coffee or
energy drinks might give you a temporary boost, but they don't do a thing to improve cognition,
your brain's ability to think fast, communicate more clearly, and operate on all cylinders.
Well, folks, if caffeine isn't doing the trick, you need to try our recommended solution to improve focus
and all-around crystal-clear thinking.
That is Omax Cognitive Boost, a game-changing, 100 certified
and tested supplement designed to fuel peak performance
by boosting memory, focus, and energy output.
Remember when you were younger and you could spit out ideas a mile a minute?
Yep, those were the good old days.
Actually, did you know that four out of five people say staying shopper is their number one
priority as they start getting older? Now, like magic, you can turn back the clock with OMAX
Cognitive Boost. It's time to feel focused and experience shopper and faster thinking. If you're
looking to elevate work performance, improve your motivation, get that promotion you've been chasing
all while keeping the kids
and the family happy, then Cognitive Boost is the boost you need to get there.
So before I forget, OMAX is offering our listeners 60 off a one-month supply
of Cognitive Boost plus free shipping, and that's a 60-day money-back guarantee.
Just go to omaxboost.com slash chicklets today to take advantage of this
incredible savings. That is O-M-A-X-B-O-O-S-T dot com slash chicklets for 60 off a one month
supply. You might be wondering, how does this one simple supplement give me these alleged
superpowers? Well, the secret is the dual action and breakthrough technology of two powerhouse ingredients called alpha and omega. You may have heard of omega-3s
before. Well, this formula uses high DHA, which is the omega-3 that is critical to brain health
and supporting key cognitive functions. It's combined with alpha-GPC, which is the key to
faster neurotransmission. Basically, it improves your mind-body connection. All these ingredients
are safe, natural, and backed by years of clinical research. Trust me when I say this stuff directly
impacts your physical and mental performance, strength, agility, cognition, daily motivation,
pretty much everything. You will instantly feel energized with absolutely no jitteriness or crash.
So if you're ready to optimize your mind and body's fullest potential, you need to try
Omax Cognitive Boost. Trust me, this is game changing and it can truly benefit anyone out
there. Go to omaxboost.com slash chicklets today to get 60 off a one month supply plus free
shipping and a 60 day money back guarantee. Once again, that's O-M-A-X-B-O-O-S-T.com slash chicklets today
to get a 60 off a one-month supply plus free shipping
and a 60-day money-back guarantee.
Omaxboost.com slash chicklets.
Terms and conditions do apply.
Once again, thank you to Shane Doan for coming on.
Very candid.
Big misconception about him is he's so reserved,
but he's got a great reserved but he's he's got
a great personality and and he'll he'll chatter he'll talk to you forever another thing too is
everyone thinks he's like so super religious well he's he's very strong about his faith but he's
more conversational about it he's not like he's not pushing it down your throat i used to actually
go to uh to some of the bible studies he would have he would like throw him and like he would
have conversations and stuff and he would have conversations
and stuff.
Sometimes I'd be at the rink another hour
and we'd be battling back and forth about
certain things and
just challenging each other
on some stuff. Ultimately,
just an unbelievable guy and we appreciate him
coming on. I think he's going to be a reoccurring
guest because he's got more stories where that came from.
That was good stuff.
I don't,
in that interview,
did we talk about when he got shit faced off Zambuca?
I don't believe so.
No,
I don't recall.
I don't think so.
Oh,
a quick backstory.
He never drinks ever.
And when he played a thousand,
but he played a thousand game in Columbus and then we were flying to
Anaheim after the game
and he got crippled on zambuca drank a whole like 40 of it we had to carry him off the plane
but are you celebrating his thousandth game so we're all taking shots i hate zambuca
uh that's like the black licorice drink right yeah yeah he we we basically had to carry him
to his hotel room and he was up like the next morning at 5 a.m., took his entire family to Disney World.
Oh, my God.
I know.
Could you imagine that?
And when you get fucked up on a flight to the hangovers times about 10,
because a beer at 30,000 feet, I think,
is like two and a half when you're on the ground.
So, yeah, that just says everything you need to know about him
as far as how big of a family man he is,
battling through that 40 ounce of Zambuca the next day at Disney World,
battling kids to get in line to ride the fucking teacups.
Yeah, it was a lot of fun.
VIP at Disney World.
Because he, like you said, Biz,
he kind of has a very clean cut reputation amongst his peers.
And, you know, I don't know if we had expectations going in, but he definitely was a fun
interview. I thought he shared some great stories. I hope everybody really enjoyed the interview
because we had a lot of fun conducting it. Some other stuff going on.
What was it? Tuesday night, Milan Lucic making headlines
once again in front of the program. He took exception to a hit
Matthew Joseph of Tampa Bay
late on Chris Russell. Looked certainly
like a boarding call. It didn't get
penalized. So when Luch each
come out for his next shift, he gave
Joseph a little slash
and he checked him blatant interference
and he kind of just towed over and was just kind of
mushing him into the ice. Got a little scrum going.
A lot of people talking about it. What's your
take on it, Doug?
I was laughing.
I love Looch.
But it was 5-2.
There was 10 minutes left.
Weeksie was telling me, he's like, the game's not over.
They have McDavid.
I kind of disagreed.
I thought the game was pretty much over.
Tampa Bay was dominating.
And Looch was like, fuck this.
I hate this kid.
He hit Russell from behind.
The hit wasn't that bad.
It actually looked worse than it was because Russell was bent over a little bit,
so his face just went directly into the glass, like Dasher type.
But it wasn't, you know, the guy wasn't flying when he kind of hit him from behind.
But Looch said, I don't give a shit.
And I did, I know that Stamkos was really pissed off during the game.
They showed him.
He was flipping out.
But when Looch buried Joseph when he wasn't looking to start the whole thing,
he hit him with his chest and kind of pushed him.
There was nothing to do with Joseph's head or anything.
So it was a big hit, but it wasn't as dangerous or bad as it looked.
It was just that he got on top of him, and he was like, fuck this.
So for a while, he's face-washing him. I him i think he drilled him with like one punch right away kind of it just
got hilarious when i mean there isn't a ref or linesman in the league who can pull lucha charge
off anyone and he was deciding i'm not getting off this kid yet and just sat there face washing him
just cutting his face up not giving a shit that everyone was jumping on him
and telling him to get up.
So Looch snapped.
He had enough.
He was pissed off.
And, I mean, it gave me a little bit of a laugh
in a three-and-a-half-hour shift Tuesday night
at the old network.
Go ahead, R.A.
Let's hear your thoughts on it.
Yeah, it was  I love it.
It's an old school thing.
People mentions on Twitter.
What the fuck?
He's got a hearing.
He's got a hearing today.
Does he really?
Really?
Wow.
Over the phone hearing.
Wow.
Does he really?
Yep.
Huh?
I hadn't,
I hadn't seen that tweet yet,
but it was pretty cool to see Connor McDavid.
He was,
you know,
he was mixing it up there,
pulling bodies out,
getting involved.
He wasn't kind of standing on the periphery.
And also, we have future guest Alex Cologne.
He's going to be coming up soon.
How much do you think he was shitting his pants when he got pulled out of the pile
and was staring Donnell Nurse face to face, man?
I would have probably had a little bit of a Hershey squirt there
because he's a tough customer.
Yeah, he's just like, I'm all good.
I'm all fine.
Don't worry about it.
That nurse can throw him. Did you like that Hershey squirt? Yeah, you kind of threw me off, I'm all good. I'm all fine. Don't worry about it. That nurse can throw him.
Did you like that Hershey squirt?
Yeah, you kind of threw me off there with the Hershey squirt.
So as I mentioned, there's a phone hearing plan for Milan Lucic.
Ooh.
Yeah, ooh.
You know, I'm okay with what he did.
I know a lot of these new school hockey fans who don't want any type of
violence are losing their minds.
I think they're probably going to, for that sake, maybe give him a game
just to kind of teach him a lesson, whatever that means.
Apparently him and the fourth line center were running around all game,
so finally Lucic just fucking got off the bench
and kind of had the wires cross a little bit.
I think he was just trying to show him who's boss.
Say, fuck,
you want to run around?
You got to answer old school style.
And, and I'm down with that stuff.
I know I'm a dinosaur and I know my opinion's probably a lot different than a
lot of these new, new fans, but I'm okay with it.
I'll be surprised if he gets a game, but I think he's going to.
Wow.
I would, I mean, I would hope you don't get, I mean,
if they're going to not suspend,
if they're going to give him some sort of discipline,
I would hope it's only a fine because, I don't know, it's just fucking
it was interference.
I mean, he slashed the guy, committed interference with the check,
and then kind of mushed him into the ice a little bit.
I didn't see anything suspension-worthy.
Speaking of suspensions, the Department of Player Safety did deem
Brendan Lemieux's illegal check to Vinny Trocek's head the other night
worthy of two-game suspension, which is about what we had. Wits, go ahead.
I started actually laughing out loud thinking of, you know, somebody who sees their son
play in the NHL and get a goal and just how proud you are of your kid to make it to the highest
level and score a goal in the national
hockey league and then just think of claude lemieux so happy and proud once his son got his first
suspension i i knew you could do it son i love you thanks dad i love you too did you like that headshot i just totally picture of a great job
brendan that's how you make a name for yourself just drill someone in the head when they move
the pocket aren't looking i love you chip off the old block hey this might be an unpopular opinion
but i watched it a few times and it seems as though he was initially going to go in for like a big one, and then he's like, ah, this guy's a little vulnerable right now.
And as he kind of let up, that's when his shoulder hit his head.
And, I mean, obviously he's got to get suspended because he went right shoulder to head.
But I almost question whether all this, you know, the head shots and all this stuff
makes guys second-guess themselves last second
where maybe more damage is being caused by the second-guessing
as opposed to him just keeping the knees bent
and going in and hitting him square where it's just, you know,
I mean, you're making that decision like in a split second.
A lot of people don't understand how fast that actually is,
especially when you're out there and you're tired.
I'm not defending what he did.
I'm just saying is I'm curious just by watching that as if that is how it played out in Lemieux's head.
Yeah, so it takes away the natural flow of what a guy would normally do.
I see what you're saying.
Well, you're going so fast, too.
If you decide not to just try to run, completely run him over,
when you're moving that quick, you can catch his head.
It just looked
bad it it looked so bad the way trochek's head really snapped back uh but luckily he was okay
i'm sure that saved him from maybe another game or two um but that lemieux i mean he plays hard
everyone hates playing against him i mean just like his father so uh as the same with clode when
he's on the devils and all these teams I'm sure
guys on Winnipeg love having Brendan on their on their club oh one a few things boys I wanted to
talk about before we move on from that is uh the Willie Desjardins comment I made about LA's new
coach how I said he never had a losing season he actually had back-to-back losing seasons in
Vancouver so uh thanks Grinnell for the fact check on that one and then
the episode before i accidentally said six goals and six assists for sid when i meant to say six
goals and four assists for 10 points but i said six and six for 10 so everybody was just fucking
roasting me what did i do math guy i was gonna say how did i fucking math wizard i just wanted
you to just sound dumb so i didn didn't say anything. Oh, okay.
There you go.
Boys, it looks like we had yet another chicklets bump.
Our great interview with Adam Oates a few weeks back was a huge hit.
Well, apparently the LA Kings were listening.
They brought in Oates to do some consulting for him.
I'll read the press release here.
The LA Kings have reached a consulting agreement with Adam Oates,
CEO of the Oates Sports Group.
As part of the agreement, Oates will provide the club with advice
regarding player skills, player skills evaluation and development.
I couldn't find any information if he's only going to be working strictly
with the Kings because he has so many other clients with other teams.
They didn't really get into the particulars of that.
But either way, congrats to our boy Osi getting some more cheddar,
telling teams how to do things better out there.
And they got immediate results last night,
well, certainly under the new coach with the W.
I'm sorry, Tuesday night.
Go ahead, Biz.
Here's my prediction is that because they have not only Stevens
and Sutter still on salary, which is a lot of money in head coaches,
is this is going to be a little sample size of what he can do
and how much his skill development can transfer into coaching.
Because we know  I would say his head coaching gig in Washington
was a little unsuccessful.
But, hey, that's a small sample size.
I think he  what did he  did he have a full season there?
Yeah, I think he had a season plus, if I'm not mistaken.
Okay, so anyway, you know, who knows?
Maybe he wasn't the right fit there, but moving forward,
if they could, if they see if this ends up working out
and benefiting the LA Kings,
I could see him potentially being the next head coach moving forward.
That would be my prediction.
I would just imagine that right now is probably not the right time because if
Adam Oates is going to put all his business aside and be a head coach in the
National Hockey League,
you're going to have to pay him probably north of three,
three and a half million because he's making so much money running that
business now.
And there's so much demand because of how much success guys have had from it
that by the time next year rolls around,
if they do see success from LA with his, his skill development that he might take over that team as head coach
imagine like rob blake in a big meeting with the whole hockey ops and he's like what do you think
about adam oats and then some guy like just this lowly hockey ops guy's like oh did you hear him
on chiclets and blake's just like but i do No one didn't fucking hear him.
But I do think that the future head coach there is going to be Marco Sturm.
And you saw he's brought in to be the assistant for Willie Desjardins.
And he did a hell of a job coaching the German national team at the Olympics
to the silver medal against the Republic of USSR, whatever they were called.
Oh, phone's ringing in my hotel room and trying to kick me out.
Thank God.
So I think Marco Sturm ends up being the next guy there.
Shout out to Team Germany's uniforms.
Those are some of the best international uniforms going out there.
And another thing, too, is maybe Oates would be a better fit as an assistant coach.
Now, whether he would want to do that, but the thing is,
it comes down to the money, man.
He's making so much money off what he's doing now.
He actually did two full seasons in Washington.
It was the lockout shortened year, and then 2013-14,
he did 82 games that year as well.
I'll be surprised if he does get back in a head coach.
Just the conversation we had, I didn't get the impression
that he was looking eager to get back into it. Also also you wonder if the Kings were pissed they didn't wait a couple more days if
they knew Quenville was going to be available just a couple of days later. But before we go
any further, I just want to talk to you for a second about 23andMe. 23andMe is named for the
23 pairs of chromosomes that make up our DNA. 23andMe, it's a personal genetic service that
helps you
understand what your DNA could tell you about you and your family story. As your loved ones get
together this Thanksgiving, discover more about the genetic connections you all have and share.
Did you inherit Irishness from mom or dad? You might have a little African in you. Did you get
that from the grandmother's side, the grandfather's side? You can compare your DNA to your brother,
sister. There's so much information that you could pull here. Personally, I'm a big genealogy guy, so I love
this stuff. You know, the 23andMe Ancestry service does allow you to see how your DNA breaks off
across 150 regions worldwide. You might even have some blood there you didn't even know about.
You can trace parts of your ancestry to a specific group of individuals from a thousand plus years
ago. Incredible. Discover how much
Neanderthal DNA you inherited. Shout out Biz. I'm sure you've got some of it there. You can opt in
and connect with DNA relatives and find other customers who share your DNA. So you can basically
find old cousins or aunts and uncles that are out there that you don't even know about. It's
incredible. It's so easy to do too. You simply spit into the tube provided in your 23andMe kit,
register your sample to your personal 23andMe account,
and in a few weeks, you get your personalized online reports.
Again, I love the ethnicity part, the ancestry part.
I think there's so much mystery there.
You can always have something.
We all hear, oh, you're Irish or you're Italian or whatever,
but there's so much stuff you don't know.
That's what 23andMe is great for.
You can fill in those little gaps you might not be aware of.
And again, I love the Neanderthal ancestry.
Again, Biz might have a little more than usual compared to the rest of us,
but you can learn what traits you Neanderthal DNA is associated with,
height, back hair, the composition, how it affects you even today.
And again, you can find family members with 23andMe.
You get an overview of the whole diverse group of people who share your DNA.
You have the option to reach out to them if you'd like to,
and you might find some old relatives.
It's pretty awesome stuff, man.
All right, so now through Thanksgiving, 23andMe Ancestry Service Kits
are only 49 per kit when you buy two or more.
Unbelievable deal.
That's 50 off the regular kit price of 99 this holiday.
Order your 23andMe Ancestry Kit at 23andMe.com slash chicklets.
That's the number, 23andme.com slash chicklets.
Boys, there's also a little more NHL news.
There's reports that the arizona
coyotes could have some new owners by early 2019 i'll read the report here from the fourth period
says as the arizona coyotes continue their efforts of finding a new long-term home in the phoenix
area work has been going on behind the scenes for months with respect to a change in the franchise
ownership structure it goes on to say the deal is expected to close by the end of the calendar
year, though, given certain complexities, it's possible.
It gets ironed out by early 2019 biz. I mean,
what are your thoughts on that? I mean,
you're going to be living with me here in New York city soon.
Hopefully, hopefully I don't get canned. No, I boys,
I don't know what's going on. I, all's I'll say is, you I'll say is when Borroway came in, he's done nothing but a great job
and been very respectful to everyone.
Everyone's happy right now.
Things are heading in the right direction.
So, you know, just in my time playing here and now now,
you just hear a lot of different stories about what's going to happen.
I usually just don't  I don't really pay attention to it
until things happen
because when I was here playing, there were so many rumors
and speculation of what was going to happen with the team,
whether it was going to get sold, whether it was going to get moved.
I just got to ignore the noise, boys, and just keep on plugging away.
I think it would be tough to see right now for them to leave.
I mean, Arizona hockey is thriving.
I mean, we had the ASU guys on last week with what Austin Matthews is doing
in the NHL. I just think for Arizona,
I mean, the Coyotes are huge.
Yeah, nobody goes.
Well, yeah, that's the problem. I'm saying if
you can find a home in the Phoenix area.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. If you could ever get to Scottsdale,
God,
Scottsdale would be so sick to play
in. It's crazy what
a 34... What is that drive-biz?
And the good news, guys, is you wouldn't have to take an Uber.
You could just walk to wherever
you needed to go so you wouldn't fucking
get thrown under the bus.
I'd be in prison if some of my Uber
videos were released.
And the sale,
if it does happen, there's nothing contingent
as far as a new arena. That's just kind of a whole
separate issue. But yeah, I mean, if they're going to ultimately succeed in that area,
I think it's pretty clear they do need an arena in either Phoenix
or Scottsdale because schlepping out the Glendales,
not getting it done for them, unfortunately.
Patterson got his 10th goal in his 10th game, by the way, Tuesday night.
He's so filthy.
He's adding a lot of energy to that lineup.
Yeah, they're fun to watch.
And speaking of energy, Eagle Energy started as a great idea.
Take all the benefits of an energy drink and remove the negatives
to create an innovative product that delivers caffeine faster
without any calories
or sugar. What is it, you ask? Eagle Energy is a caffeine inhaler made of all natural
plant-based ingredients providing the user with a natural energy boost via inhalation.
What's in it, you ask? Guarana, ginseng, and taurine. The guarana fruitinseng and taurine the guarana fruit fuck the guarana guarana the guarana fruit packs
twice the concentration of caffeine than a coffee bean enhances energy levels mood and reaction time
tell me more each eagle energy contains approximately 400 inhalations. It can last a day or a week.
You're in control.
The suggested serving size to provide a fast-acting energy boost is 25 consecutive inhalations.
When you inhale caffeine, it metabolizes rapidly.
Who wants to wait 30 minutes?
With zero sugar and zero nicotine, difficult to find a healthier way of getting
your energy boost eagle energy is a perfect eagle energy is perfect for someone who is always on the
go whether you're studying or a long trip partying on a ski hill eagle energy goes all the way within
reach we're going to smack you mose with the 20 off promo code biz 20 and uh they're back we're gonna actually have the
owner and creator of the company elliot on with here's a little teaser for you morgan riley on
monday because they're buddies buddies from vancouver and he's gonna talk to us about their
experience uh with the dragon's den which is like the shark tank in Canada. It was actually created in Canada by Brad Tree Living's father,
Jim Tree Living, I believe.
His first name is Jim.
And he owns all the Boston pizzas in Canada.
So Eagle Energy is back.
They're going to be back for the next six months.
I'm pumped about it.
Biz20 promo code.
We're going to hit you with the swipe up and all the fun stuff.
So big shout out to them.
And, of course, Halsey, the biggest fan of Eagle Energy.
Fucking nailed it, Biz.
That's all I got, boys.
If you were me and you were driving home tonight,
it's four hours, what would you get to eat in the car?
What would you have for snacks and drinks for that ride?
Biz, would you actually just do nothing?
Biz would be on the phone negotiating ad deals the whole time.
Shut the fuck up.
I don't know.
I don't know what I would eat in the car.
Probably Chipotle.
Chipotle is like the healthiest, easiest. Hard to eat while you're driving, though.
Well, pull over.
I want to just get home.
I don't know.
But, hey, boy, should we talk about the boil? Oh, yeah, Brian Boyle, dude. Well, pull over. I want to just get home. I don't know.
But, hey, boy, should we talk about the boil?
Oh, yeah, Brian Boyle, dude.
Hang on.
We'll take that one over.
I mean, this guy beat cancer.
His wife is now the ambassador for NHL's partnership with fighting cancer.
I don't know the exact name of it. His wife, Lauren.
And then the guy goes out and gets his first career hat trick
on NHL Fights Cancer Night.
Is that what it was, Grinnelly?
Yeah, it was Hockey Fights Cancer Night.
Hockey Fights Cancer Night.
Not just NHL, whole game of hockey.
You know, everyone plays it everywhere.
We just happen to work for the NHL.
Hockey Fights Cancer Night guy gets his first career hat trick
on that night after what he's been through,
what his family's been through, his father beat cancer.
That is the most feel-good story maybe of the season so far.
And, I mean, a couple of those goals were snipes.
One of them, he ended up down on one knee, looked like Patterson,
Brett Hall, not a big deal.
So congrats to him.
That was great.
I wonder if you got the post-game swag that we talked about with Halsey.
You know, they got the helmet that they brought back from Europe,
the fire helmet.
Oh, he had to.
By the way, Devils are in a little bit of a rut right now.
So they got to figure out how they played last year.
I think John Hines last night, Tuesday night,
was saying the compete level hasn't been good enough.
They went up 2-0 on the road against Ottawa after pounding Pittsburgh 5-1
in the Boyle-Hattrick game, and they blew that.
So Devils got to get it going again.
I actually got a tweet.
I want to give one of our listeners a little bit of a shout-out.
Well, Dan, it's at Kamala67.
He said, hey, Spittin' Chicklets, R.A., Biz, Wits, Grinelli,
my son and I have driven 24 hours so far listening to the pod the whole way,
20 more hours to go to Bc british columbia your podcast
has been detrimental to our entertainment you fought in my face uh so shout out to this guy
who's tolerated our fucking voices for 24 hours and he's gonna do another 20 i tweeted back at
him i said buddy you deserve a fucking medal that sounds like torture to me see i got the guys like
me and my son are having this great bonding.
The kids are probably like, can we listen to some fucking music, please?
Or someone who's funny.
Boys, I think that pretty much wraps things up.
But there's one more announcement I want to make.
Budweiser Canada is coming on board.
And one cool thing about that is they're going to be offering our fans the trip
of a lifetime airfare hotel and tickets to a game.
And it's going to be all involved with their, what would you say?
Their social media platform. Yeah. Well, I guess they're,
so they're, they're, they're, they're celebration campaign,
Well, I guess they're celebration campaigns.
And they're going to want our fans sending us and tagging Budweiser Canada,
sending us their own personal Selly season videos.
They're going to want people commenting on what they think have been the best Selly so far this season.
We're going to kick that off on Monday's episode with Morgan Riley,
considering he plays for a Canadian team.
They thought it made sense to do it.
I just wanted to give you guys a heads up.
There's going to be a lot of things moving forward
where we get our fan base involved.
And, you know, I know you guys have to, quote, unquote,
bear through the ads, but the good news about it
is we're going to be giving back.
So all you people who are interacting with us
on our social channels, you're going to have the opportunity to win some very cool prizes you know some we're going to give away some swag bags of
spit and chiclets gear to people who are like the runners-up of the prizes but the main prizes are
going to be very lucrative uh you know as i mentioned airfare hotel uh maybe you'll be even
lucky enough to hang out with ra and grinnell in Grinnell in Boston if you go to the Darden and watch a game there.
I mean, if you end up winning a trip to go see Witt somewhere,
I mean, I don't know, you might decline and just want the swag bag.
But, hey, it's up to you, and you can pass that off to somebody else.
Well, I'm going to just completely smash bash Bud Heavies now.
Well, it's nice.
We got the vodka sponsorship with New Amsterdam.
Perfect.
You have, like, you know, you have 15 Bud Heavies, and you wash them down with five Pink Whitney's.
Well, I mean, that's still drinking responsibly,
because I assume that most of us
Yeah, I'm a big guy.
I'm a big guy.
It takes me more.
And our fan base probably has a high tolerance.
Always had a big-time tolerance to certain things.
And the fans certainly have been slugging back the Pink Whitney's witness because it seems like every night they're hashtagging their drinks,
especially on the weekends.
One other quick note.
I'm not going to lie, guys.
When all the stuff was going down on Bastu Radio with Portnoy
and Chicklet's Uber controversy, it was nice to not have the heat on me
for a change as that was all going on.
I was like, okay, this is good.
Everyone's getting shit on here, and it felt nice to not
have to be people. Portnoy probably loves you
because you're a content guy now.
You're actually in the good books.
It's Grinelli who...
Do our fans know the backstory
of the fact that a girl
lied and said that you called Dave Portnoy?
This girl? I have
no idea. This girl is such a fucking
loser. Yeah, so no, no, no. I think we're all good.
I think yesterday was great because I got to present my case in front of Dave himself.
And the evidence speaks for itself.
I've shown all you guys. I've shown all you guys the text messages.
I have every single thing screenshotted.
I still have the text messages. I've never deleted any of them.
So I'm not worried at all.
I said yesterday, I'll take the hit for the spit and chiclets thing,
but I wouldn't take the hit for that yeah wait till you're talking shit about
portland and uber and i fucking sell it to tmz then you're really fucked and i mean let's also
too i mean fucking pothead it's it's not it's not like a bad thing i mean i said to him i said
but you've been called way worse than that i caught that because that was that was yeah that's
a compliment for him and And anyone who smokes weed,
like I smoke weed.
You,
if you smoke weed,
you don't openly like call other people a pothead.
Like I'm a pothead.
Hey,
imagine how big of a loser you would have to be to insult someone and be
like,
Oh,
he's a,
he's a pothead.
Exactly.
I'm not a loser.
Yeah.
That girl's a loser though. That girl could fucking take a hike. All right, boys. I think that wraps it up for today's Epi. I'm not a loser. That girl's a loser, though. That girl could
fucking take a hike. Alright, boys,
I think that wraps it up for today's epi.
That one ran a little long.
Yeah, well, we were fucking sailing along, boys.
Good chemistry, good vibe this morning.
I think we were all chipper up and at them, and it was
good stuff. Love it.
Yeah, maybe one of you guys give me a call
when I'm driving home so I have something to do.
Wouldn't hate it.
Actually, we can get the same app that you can send farts Maybe one of you guys give me a call when I'm driving home so I have something to do. Wouldn't hate it. Send them some.
Actually, we can get the same app that you can send farts to that you want to invent.
We can do that for Eagle Energy, too.
I got like Funyuns and cheese pizza for the ride home.
I'm pretty sure I'll be taking care of my own smelling vehicle.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Do you eat shit from like 7-Eleven, the hot food?
No.
All right, all right.
Somebody had a hilarious line.
Oh, I'm so happy you just said that.
I saw on either Instagram or Twitter a comment.
I had given a pick to some game, and some kid goes,
I trust Whitney's pick like I trust gas station sushi.
That's a great line. Hey, where the fuck do they have gas station sushi. That's a great line.
Hey, where the fuck do they have gas station sushi?
Dude, probably in Hong Coover.
Yeah, that's true.
All right, I got to go.
Yeah, I don't mess with that.
But, hey, good luck at work today, and have a great day, boys.
Thanks, guys.
Oh, next week, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, I'll be on NHL Network 4 to 6.
All right.
All right, well, I definitely won't be watching. And have a great weekend, guys. Oh, next week, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, I'll be on NHL Network 4 to 6. Tune in.
All right.
I definitely won't be watching.
And have a great weekend, everybody.
Enjoy. Enjoy.
Don't worry about a thing.
Cause every little thing is going to be all right.
Singing don't worry.
About a thing.
Cause every little thing.
Gonna be all right.
Rise up this morning.
Smile with the rising sun.
Three little birds.
Beside my doorstep. Bye.
