Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 124 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka and home of the Pink Whitney, worldwide famous drink.
Let's go around the table and say hello to the fellas this evening. Let's go to Mike E. Grinelli for us down in New York City.
Producer, what's going on, brother?
Hello, gentlemen. A couple one-too-many Pink Whitney's this weekend. I can't get enough of them at this point, but
what's going on, boys? Not much.
Seems to be a theme on our Twitter feed as
well. Next, let's go to our buddy Ryan Whitney,
the wit dog, the inventor of the Pink Whitney.
What's up, brother?
How are
we doing, boys? And by the way, people say
you didn't invent it once. I'm like, yeah,
dude, you think? Pretty sure people have had
pink lemonade and vodka.
I'm the one who talked about it on a podcast, you Muppets.
And last, certainly not least, our buddy out in the dirty desert,
Paul Abissanet, a.k.a. Biz Nasty.
What's up, brother?
Boys, yeah, I ended up breaking the seal.
What?
I had a couple drinks, a couple glasses of wine yesterday. I had an offer that I couldn't refuse. I ended up, uh, well,
I I'm living with a guy in Scottsdale right now. I live in this place.
It's setting up to be some weird news.
No, no, no, no, no. It ain't no house, no return bullshit.
But, uh, no, he,
him and his family have a place in Scottsdale and they're here for four days
a month. And, uh, you know, they,
they're in town right now and they got a text from a buddy who just built a place in Palm Springs. And they're like,
Hey, do you want to hop over to Palm Springs, uh, on, on Saturday night? And I said, well,
I mean, that's a bit of a drive. Like I didn't really feel like getting in the car for just one
night party. And they're like, no, he's going to send his jet. So they ended up sending a private
jet over. We ended up getting on this thing. Not a big deal. Not a big deal. we end up getting on this thing not a big deal not a big deal we end up
landing in palm springs right near thermal but sure enough they this guy built a new place on
this racetrack that they built in the middle of the desert in like near 30 minutes outside of
palm springs and they have all these homes are built on the racetrack built up against the sound
barrier and it's it's like ridiculous.
So this guy's place, of course, is the nicest one there.
It hits three corners.
And it was just the...
Whoa.
Uh-oh, Grinnelli just saw a rat.
Oh, my God, that's staying in there.
Yeah, Grinnelli just saw a rat.
Rat?
I saw a rat.
There's a fucking rat in my apartment.
Oh, my God, this video is great.
I can't wait to post this video.
This is fantastic.
Look how scary it is.
Look how scary it is.
You little pussy.
It's just a little rat.
How big is it, G?
Oh my God.
Dude, look at him.
It's an elephant judging by...
This is my bedroom.
This is my bedroom.
This is the video.
Hey, have fun sleeping tonight, son.
Oh no.
Hey, Mikey.
Mikey.
Be honest. Is it a mouse or a rat it's it's a tiny little mouse but oh dude they slide through cracks like oh my god in a minute i thought he
had the fucking muggers coming into his apartment there for a second i saw him jump first of all i
thought someone busted in his room.
That video,
I mean, that's going to be an incredible authentic reaction of Grinnelli being
scared shitless of a one-inch mouse.
You might go viral after this.
I saw it. I thought it was just
my mic cord swinging.
I'm like, no, that's not a mouse. There's no way
I just saw a mouse because I saw one earlier.
You acted
like it was a rattlesnake.
Yeah, that got me.
That's scary.
Dude, it like ran right over my foot.
Are you going to be able to concentrate during our recording?
This is incredible for everyone listening at home.
This is staying in there, by the way.
Grinnell, we've had trouble even getting this thing going.
Biz has no video tonight, so he can't see what's going on.
Grinnellelli's panicked
right i mean if i could describe panic fear and being a pussy about a little mouse it's michael
granelli right now so let's try to get you squared away all right we're good to go we're good okay
perfect and it's quickly about your story i'm picturing like obviously sick mansions it's palm
springs the guy's got a private jet but i'm also picturing like the house is along the highway that just like
have the wall right against it.
Like,
so you don't see the cars on the highway.
Like,
what do you mean built up against the sound barrier thing?
Well,
okay.
So that's,
well,
that's where the racetrack is.
There's a wall like that,
but then the house is built like the front of it's on the other side of
it.
But that like the back,
God,
this is,
this is going to be tough to describe
out here i'll just i'll just i'll just send you a video okay fair enough was it a sick night like
you hung over right now i mean you hadn't drank no no i had i had three glasses of wine of uh
camas the the special edition i couldn't say no to it it was a nice big bottle and then
and then sure enough like this this is their like playhouse so at this place called thermal where
you can go race any kind of car you want,
these guys bring their Ferraris or their, their Mercedes, whatever.
They have like a tune-up shop there. You can get them all detailed.
There's like a, there's even like a little track for,
what do you call those little go-karts.
And I thought we were maybe going to stay there,
but we ended up going to stay at his, his folks place.
And they had a hundred million dollar home just outside of prom springs i've never i've never seen a home
like this it was i was fascinated by by it looked like i was staying at the fucking encore in las
vegas hey uh before we get into hockey uh did you uh put anyone on the workbench? Oh, God. You guys are going to absolutely give it to me about this one.
I brought my ex-girl.
Dude.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I know.
Grinnelli, are you hearing this?
You're back with her?
No.
Just wait.
Listen.
Fuck.
We're just hanging out.
All right.
You're nuts, but all right.
I can't believe you're drinking again.
Good for you.
I'm going to go back to being sober.
I just figured I'd give you guys a little breakdown of why I broke the seal.
But the compound that these people have,
I'm going to send you guys the videos right now to the group chat.
You can kind of look at them while we continue this wonderful episode.
When was your last drink before the wine last night?
I was over 10 weeks and three days.
Wow, that's a fucking fair amount of time, a couple months.
Yeah, a couple months.
Biz off the wagon for a little bit.
Let's wrap up some other news that's going on.
This actually came out.
Go ahead, R.A., I'm sorry.
We're going to get a mile ready to kill a fucking mouse down there.
A couple of new stories to catch you up if you missed them since our last recording.
And this actually came out right after we recorded last time.
Milan Lucic was fined 10,000, the maximum allowed, for roughing Matthew Joseph there.
That's about what we expected on the show.
Tuka Rask, Bruins' number one goaltender.
He was granted a leave of
absence from the team for personal matters
on Friday.
Like I said, we're not going to
speculate. We're not going to talk. It's a personal issue.
It sounds like he's going to be back in a few days.
It wasn't healthy, the team said.
But Jaroslav Halak
will still fill in in his stead.
Evgeny
Malkin with a little reverse hit on TJ Oshie.
Oshie come in for a hit.
Malkin did kind of what Oshie's done a few times.
There was no fine, no supplemental discipline.
However, he was given a match penalty.
He was tossed from the game.
What was your take on that, Wits?
Did you think that was a deserved penalty or no?
No, I don't think he should have been kicked out of the game.
Yeah, that seems like  that happened what?
The last day we recorded that night?
I guess it's been a while.
But even Oshie said after the game, he said, you know, he saw me coming.
And, I mean, the game's played fast.
Mikey said something this week on radio, or I don't know who
I don't know where I heard him say it about people people really do break down all these
hits on with gifts and like you know with really slow motion and it's such a high-paced game
Malkin's coming across the middle he picks his head up he sees someone he also knows NHL guys
especially you know the best of the best they know exactly who's on the ice at which times he knows
oh she's on the ice he knows he sees that's a guy who crushes people oh she always has and he you know he just kind of protected himself a little bit i mean maybe that's not the
right term either way it didn't deserve to get kicked out of the game and it certainly didn't
deserve a suspension or anything so that made sense but you could see malcolm was fuming as
he got the boot over by the bench just screaming at the officials and i don't blame him well boys
you know what you're pretty're pretty easy on that one.
I'll go as far as saying this.
Like, Oshie goes and kills guys.
That's like, you can smoke guys.
The play in which it happened, I call it a ladder play.
Some people might use a different term,
is where, like, Oshie's going to force that puck wide,
and once that puck gets kicked out,
he's supposed to continue to the wall-side guy who got it.
And sure enough, Malkin did kick it out.
But from the look of it and the angle that Oshie was taking,
I'm sure in Evgeny Malkin's head is like, this guy's coming to bury me.
I think that once he kicked it out, I do think Oshie did decide
that he was going to bypass him and go to the wall guy.
But for how quick it was
happening and how close oh she was already to Evgeny Malkin I'm thinking 100 he's going to
smoke him as well Malkin did we've already been over this because oh she always finishes his hits
well I mean it sucks that he ends up getting him in the head but basically what I see here is almost
like a reverse hit slash he's bracing or going to brace for impact.
And as soon as he does that, Oshie's kind of coming up a little bit.
But Malkin's a tall guy.
He's probably got like three, four inches on him.
It's not really on Malkin to all of a sudden want to lower himself to more than what he was in order to reverse hit or just hold his own ground.
It was just an unfortunate incident.
And I'm sure Osh, she thinks the same thing because when guys go to get,
Oh,
she like that,
he's the one reverse hitting or,
or clobbering the guy reverse hit every time.
So nice to know that he wasn't a bit of a hypocrite after the game.
If I was Malcolm too,
I would have been fuming.
It was frustrating to read people's opinions online about it because they
have no fucking clue about what being in that situation is like.
And once again, Malcolm just held his ground.
He didn't really go out of his way to throw that hit.
Would you agree, R.A.?
Yeah.
Like I said, he was just kind of defending himself.
It's a play we've seen a shitload of times.
Guys sort of brace for the hit by kind of delivering a hit.
Like I mentioned, Oshie's done it a handful of times.
I think that's why he was, I guess, receptive to M Marklin's reason for doing it. I had no problem with it. I'm glad the Department
of Player Safety, not to be confused with the Department of Podcast Safety, I'm glad Player
Safety didn't take a further look at it. Because basically, Marklin, he was punished enough. He got
tossed from the game. That was more than enough. I don't even know if he deserved the penalty in the first place.
Like I said, we've seen guys defend themselves in that way,
and Oshie just kind of got the brunt of it.
But I didn't deem it worthy of any further supplemental discipline for sure.
What's up, Witt?
Also, before we continue, we just want to let everyone know,
Morgan Riley we have on this week's podcast.
And I don't know if you guys  we have a lot of people who say they're they're NHL fans they love the NHL you know they love
the podcast thank you very much for listening if you love the NHL you might notice that Morgan
Riley's been the best defensive in the league this year I would I would argue it with a lot
of people I really really would so um you know you can talk about points you can talk about
defensively every aspect of the game.
He's been phenomenal.
So it's pretty special that we're going to have him on.
I just wanted to let everyone know.
All right, what else are we getting to?
And he's a fun interview.
And a lot of people have been harping on the Instagram once we posted
that we're going to be having him on tomorrow that they think
people think that Shabbat  is that how I say his last name in Ottawa?
He's right there in that conversation.
They're saying that he's up there in that conversation right now.
And Ottawa fans, of course, are a little pissed that nobody's really talking
about him or pumping his tires.
The problem is we can't because there's so many other things going on in Ottawa
to talk about.
Correct, Grinnell?
Very correct.
Thought you were scared of the mouse again.
Yeah, we're going to get to more information about the Sens in a little bit.
I'm just going to still round up the news here.
Yeah, another big story, boys, in the last few days.
Joe Thornton, game number 1,500,
just the 19th player in league history to ever play 1,500 games.
I know we've discussed half a dozen guys who played their 1,000th game,
but 1,500, man.
I mean, actually, did you know thornton was actually
a defenseman when he started playing when he was a wee lad he was like nine years old
and his team's number one center broke his finger and they slid joe thornton in to play center and
that was it he became a center like nine years old the rest as they say is history but what's
what's it mean in the locker room for a guy who's played 1500 games oh my god i got a lot to say
about this guy first i'll say though you sound like a psychotic canadian hockey parent calling meet in the locker room for a guy who's played 1500 games oh my god i got a lot to say about
this guy first i'll say though you sound like a psychotic canadian hockey parent calling a
nine-year-old the number one center um i think they're just all centered but still uh well i
will say joe thornton joe um hall of famer right that's the first thing i think of i mean it's it
i will say it's a shame that he has he doesn't have a stanley cup i hope he gets one i i would be thrilled to see joe thornton raise the
cup um the worst trade in bruins history uh that'll be forever he'll be forever part of that
uh a crazy stat my actually my dad came over the other night uh dan whitney big dan whitney he's a
lot of useless info he's you know he's a lot he knows just he knows a. He has a lot of useless info. He knows a lot of things, a lot of random things.
Not that this is that random.
He told me, so we're going to have to fact check.
Sometimes I can get him on, he's not exactly sure of it.
He told me Joe Thornton is the only player,
only athlete in the four major leagues, NHL, NBA, MLB, NFL.
The only athlete in four major leagues to get traded in the middle
of the season and then win the MVP that year. So that's pretty crazy. I want to check. It's
definitely hockey. I'm very curious if he was if he was spot. Big Dan was spot on about it being
the other leagues, too. But if you think just to that, I mean, that's part of him. You traded the
guy. He won MVP that year.
He went on, I think he had 90 points when he got to San Jose that season.
So, uh, or, you know, how he played in San Jose, he got 90 points.
I just can't believe it's been this long. The 1997 draft, uh,
shout out to that picture.
You posted Grinnelli on our Instagram with Dan Cleary behind Mr.
Joe Thornton's dad. He texted me. He's like, you recognize that guy behind Joe Thornton's dad?
Yeah, Bear.
I can now see it's you, just plus 30 pounds,
because you used to just not work out and crush cigarettes when you were 16.
But congrats to Joe Thornton.
What a run it's been.
Biz, what do you got on him?
Well, I mean, you pretty much covered it all, but just an unbelievable teammate.
You never hear anything bad about the
guy he's uh he's he's like that leader that and the wily veteran that like gets all the boys to
go uh well i mean i know he used to bring all the boys to vegas after the season was done
and he obviously he would want as many guys as possible um you know you know the whole like
not a winner thing that's kind of like ran its course that was for a little
period of time there i know that he's he he doesn't have a stanley cup but he's got some
pretty solid playoff performance of course looking back a few years ago when san jose made their run
when pittsburgh knocked them off uh but uh you know he's uh he's he's a fucking hall of famer
man and i actually messaged him because I got his number from Doug Wilson Jr.,
who's the GM, the GM's kid of San Jose.
And I asked Joe, I texted him if he would come on the podcast,
and he's like, ah, I hate doing shit like that, but let me think about it.
So hopefully here in the near future we can bribe him with something
in order to come on the pod and tell some stories about at least him
imagining whipping out his dick
if he scored four goals like Hurdle.
Hey, you know what?
I think our best chance, I don't know him,
but I'm guessing our best chance is maybe when he retires at some point,
and I think he would be phenomenal.
I mean, just from what I've heard, so funny.
Yeah, that quote is of what he would do if he had four goals.
I whipped my dick out.
That was an all-time.
I feel like he's one of the only guys who could have gotten away with saying that
and everyone laughs it off.
Do you get the same vibe where nobody
Yeah, he also said it before the
Yeah, no, I know what you're saying.
He also said it before the world, like, lost its mind about, like,
any little comment can make people go nuts.
But still, the crazy thing about  just before before we you know we get into some
other stuff the thornton trade like i remember all right you'll probably remember exactly too
they ripped him for uh underperforming in the playoffs uh the you know the year before he got
traded the guy had like broken ribs like people have any clue how painful broken ribs are you can
barely breathe let alone produce in the nhl playoffs so it's just thinking back
it's just so crazy that he wasn't a bruin for life yeah he shouldn't even have probably been
playing in that playoffs when he did go pointless in seven games in the old four playoffs and to go
back to the uh if i score four four goals i'll whip out my dick quote he didn't even say that
in a scrum he said that kind of i guess sort of he said it like i don't know if it was technically
off the record but he said it in and there was a reporter, a blogger, whatever,
who heard it and printed it.
He didn't necessarily say it to him with the express purpose of it being used
in press material.
So I know that the team wasn't too happy with the reporter who kind of heard it
and then ran with it.
I think Thornton said it not expecting it to be picked up.
But I just had a few other notes here, Biz.
I know you like some numbers.
Kevin Kurz, who writes for The Atlantic,
did a nice long piece on Joe the other day.
His next goal will be his 400th goal.
He'll be just one of 11 guys to have 400 goals and 1,000 assists.
Obviously, the rest of them are in the Hall of Fame,
except for Yags, who isn't eligible yet.
His point total is 399 goals, 1,032 assists for 1,431 points in what's
now 1,501 games, 123 points in 160 playoff games. Like I mentioned, when he switched from D to 4,
that's also when he switched his number. He used to wear number 2 after Doug Harvey. That was his
dad's favorite defenseman. Then he switched to 19 for Stevie Y. They said his parents said that scouts agents started calling the house at 12 years old.
And he had plans on going to Michigan State.
I don't know if you guys knew that.
He's going to go to Michigan State until he got drafted second overall,
the 1995 OHL draft by the Sioux.
So St. Marie went the junior route, lit it up there.
And, you know, went number one overall at Bruins.
So this guy, I I mean rubber stamps of the
hall of fame man and they actually said on road trips he doesn't wait for the team bus he actually
takes a cab gets to the rink a half hour earlier hopefully he's not taking uber yeah a lot of a
decent amount of guys do that but he uh 1500s insane I mean I didn't get to 500 because I was
such a band-aid I didn't get 500 games played um that guy thousands insane number insane number, 3 NHLers that play in the
3 of guys play in the NHL reach 1,000.
We said that.
500 more on top of that is a sick joke, and he's never played soft.
So congrats to him on 1,500.
A quick funny story that I heard about when guys would play with him
and they didn't know what the locker room was like
and they would get called up.
God, it was some kid in Arizona who told me this me this story he played for the buffalo sabers as well
but when todd mcclellan was coached there he would have video and like sometimes he would pause it
when joe would have like a tap in and he would still try to slide a back door and he'd pause it
and be like joe gotta shoot that and joe would be like nah nah i'm a passer and mcclellan's like
they would get like in a kind of an argument back and forth
being like, nah, I'm a passer.
I also, oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
No, no, that's good.
That's good.
No, that's, I mean, that's hilarious.
I also had heard from guys who play with him that he has no problem of being
like, hey, wait, you got to be fucking better.
That's, that's a, that's a fucking shit first period.
And he, you know, he'd say it's about
himself too if he needed to be but he'd be like hey wake up out there bud you don't get guys going
that takes a lot of balls you don't see it that often i mean i wonder if it rarely happens i bet
now but um that just showed the type of leader he was so last guy i heard who was like that was
chris pronger like he would legitimately come in the locker room and look a guy right in the face
and say are you fucking kidding me?
He's like, that's the fucking effort you're going to give me?
Fucking wake the fuck up.
And then he'd go back to his spot or just fucking stare the guy down.
But guys on the team respected him because he brought it most,
if not every night.
I played with Chris Pronger when I got traded to Anaheim that year.
We lost in game seven of the second round.
And Cleary scored with like a minute left.
Fucking Cleary.
So Pronger said to me one game when I got traded before the playoffs,
like after the  on the bench, on the bench at the beginning of the second
period, he goes, that was unacceptable in the first period.
He's like, wake up and let's get going.
Move your feet.
I was like, okay.
Yes, sir.
Sorry, Chris.
Yeah, shit your pants a little when that's happening.
By the way, I know our listeners can't see it,
but Mike Rinelli is doing his best Dr. Hook,
Tim McCracken imitation with his hockey stick right now,
trying to kill this mouse.
I'm going insane.
This is insane.
This is like the Jordan flu game.
This better not go unforgotten.
I'm podcasting with a mouse.
No, no, no. Mikeyy this is the jordan like
had a little cold game you're not exactly yeah you had the sniffles jordan had the sniffles
tonight this thing has waged war on me it's me against this guy now so if i if i don't answer
i'm sorry i'm going to war right now um and i want to ask you a question how much heat did
mike o'connell take for that in in Boston after he got rid of him?
Were people up in arms?
Because I wasn't fucking even paying attention to the news back then.
Oh, yeah.
He's still getting heat for it, but I would say biz that, you know,
because they did end up going to win the cup.
And honestly, when they did trade him, ironically enough,
it opened up salary cap room that allowed them to go sign
to sign, yep, Chara and savad on the same day um so i
think o'connell kind of took a he sort of took a victory lap after they won the cup he's kind of
like oh yeah i knew bergeron was the was the guy that they'd win with you know kind of like trying
to justify i mean it's still an awful trade but there was a little footnote there that it did open
up money bottom line yeah people didn't like the trade and they still don't like it oh i'm okay so
i mean are those people necessarily wrong though i mean like no christ they ended up getting
the ultimate prize right i know you traded a guy who's a hall of famer who played 1500 games but
like i'm i'm not going to give them the non-winner label either i just think that they've gotten the
job done without them and and you're and people are kind of saying some of those moves were a
reason why they ended up getting it done now that's a little little bit of separation you're talking about
five years right is that still relevant in that case um i i don't think either way he really gives
a shit i mean he won i think he was a part of the la kings when they won their cups i believe biz
wasn't he well that's yeah i know him and  I think his overall defense was, well, hey, like he's not a winner.
Like he's never led a team to win.
And I don't know if that's fair because in hockey you've got to rely
on so many different guys.
And maybe he had some tough times as performing in Boston.
But, fuck, I mean, you can't give the guy the loser label.
He's a fucking winner.
Yeah, I think people in Boston, they respect them now.
I mean, I'm sure if they didn't win the cup,
they'd still be fucking bellyaching about them.
But yeah, a bad trade that ultimately worked in favor of the Bruins,
if that makes sense, Biz.
Oh, and boys, before we go any further,
we got a quick little drop-in interview with Eagle Energy.
They just signed up for another six months to be involved with us.
And, of course, I'm good buddies with the owner and creator of it, Elliot.
And he's actually good buddies with Morgan Riley.
So it's funny that they started their whole campaign with us,
dropping on this interview.
Elliot, myself, and Morgan enjoy some fun times in the summertime.
That banter room is where we normally
end up in Vancouver but Elliot welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast for the second time.
Awesome thanks again for having me. So recently you went on Dragon's Den which is the Shark Tank
Canadian version. Yeah yeah that was it was a pretty crazy experience but we um yeah we we auditioned
in vancouver and then they picked us for filming and then we filmed the episode and they they
selected it to air so they aired it mid-october okay so describe your product for nobody who's
heard about it which would be fucking insane considering how unreal my ad reads are.
So Eagle Energy is a caffeine vape or an electronic delivery system for caffeine.
So it's a plant-based solution that gets heated.
You inhale it.
Caffeine goes into your system immediately versus the 30 or 40 minutes that it would take an energy drink to get into your system.
And the effects are felt immediately as well.
So it's a
it's a more efficient more effective way to consume your caffeine and there's no sugar there's no
calories uh it's it's a far better alternative uh for a portable caffeine solution compared to
energy drinks did you put guarana in it just to fuck up my ad reads no believe it or not guarana
is the only form of caffeine that you can vape.
So we've got a handful of competitors out there that, you know, claim to be doing the same thing
as us and everything like that. But in reality, they're using, you know, other forms of caffeine
or, you know, synthetic caffeine. So like the caffeine powder that you create in the lab, but
if you heat it up, it doesn't work. If you inhale it, your lungs won't absorb it or anything like
that. So, you know, we're proud to say that guarana is uh is is really important to the product and is probably the
main reason that it works so so what you're saying is the other companies who are claiming
with the guarana thing they want smoke get it yeah well they get it just Just please embrace my dad joke, please.
Yeah, it's been embraced.
Okay, thank you.
Well, now you can keep talking about Guarana.
Okay. Yeah, when I started the business, we had the privilege of working with the pharmaceutical science department at UBC. We also had the privilege of them being one of
our early investors.
And so as an amateur entrepreneur, I had all these resources around me to figure out how to make a caffeine inhaler actually work properly
compared to some of the other products that were and still are on the market.
But most of them are gimmicks.
You know, they're just using, you know, nicotine e-cig products
and filling them with synthetic caffeine and then advertising,
you know, the same value propositions and, and the same benefits as our product. But in reality,
if you're not using Guarana extract, uh, as, as the main active ingredient in your solution,
then, then, then you're not really delivering anything.
Damn. So you're, you actually know what the fuck you're talking about. I'm,
I'm pretty impressed right now. Yeah. yeah thanks how did this idea come up like
what what made you think to do this uh well when i was a second year student at ubc i was also
working as a junior broker and i was also playing junior hockey i was playing junior b hockey but
nevertheless you probably you probably sucked at hockey.
I was the hitter, shop blocker, character guy.
No, you were the one who was organizing the parties.
That's all you did.
Fuck off with your shop blocks.
Yeah, I probably had the record for shop blocks in PIJHL back in the day.
And also, Elliot, we have a lot of new listeners.
So half of them probably haven't heard the story about how you sold over a million dollars in fake IDs
when you were in high school.
So I forget what episode you were on when you first dropped in,
but we went over that story.
We don't need to do it again.
But you've always had that business mind, haven't you?
Yeah, certainly.
And then to kind of touch back on your earlier
question, you know, I, I, when I started the business, it was after that whole, uh, ID scenario.
And, uh, you know, I was, I was looking to do something more, more promising and more legitimate.
And I was working starting at 6am and then I was in classes till eight and I was playing hockey at
the same time. So just like anyone else at university, I was guzzling Red Bulls and guzzling coffee and caffeine pills and Adderall and whatever it took to stay ahead. And I started researching
products that might be better for your health or might be more effective if you've got an incredibly
busy lifestyle. And I came across all these caffeine inhaler products, but all the reviews
were shit. And everyone said they didn't work. And I was like, wow, like if that,
if that concept were to actually be figured out or work properly, then that could provide a huge benefit to people in my situation and,
and all kinds of other people. So, um, like I said, luckily we, you know,
we had the resources at UBC to, you know,
figure out how to create a delivery system and a formula that worked properly.
Um, you know, and that's all,
that's all part of our company's intellectual property. And that's all, that's all part of
how we started the business and created the technology in the first place. But, um, I just
think that we started in a better place versus our competitors with a focus on safety and efficacy
and, you know, safety and efficacy continue to be our focus moving forward. And, you know, we,
you know, we don't want to sell bullshit. Like our competitors are selling, we want to sell
something that actually works. And, um, that's's what's got us to where we are today.
Wow.
This interview is a lot more informative than the last one.
And that is going to kind of bring us into the fact that you went to the Dragon's Den pitch to try to get on the actual show in Vancouver, you said?
Yeah.
So they held auditions in Vancouver, and just about anyone can
show up. So there's, you know, there's people that are pitching documentaries and people that
are pitching, you know, pet cage businesses, like anything you could possibly think of is getting
pitched there. And so we thought it was, you know, it was at the Century Plaza Hotel only a few blocks
away from our office. So we went and presented, and they loved it. And so they came back to us
and said, Okay, we're going to film an episode.
And there's no guarantee if you film an episode that they'll air it. But our goal, obviously,
was to get the episode aired. So we went up to CBC Studios in Toronto after the audition.
And that was a really unique experience for me. You go into the studio, you get your makeup done,
you got 10 cameras in your face, and you against you know the wealthiest and most astute investors in the country all at once so it was uh i pretty
much blacked out when i walked in there but the the production crew has a whole skit planned with
you know uh one of the guys spilling coffee and you know demonstrating how inconvenient energy
drinks and coffee are and everything like that which in many cases they certainly can be um and
then you know we go and hand an eagle energy to the dragons and then and then the
pitch begins and we're we're in the den for probably like an hour hour and a half whoa whoa
whoa hey so okay so you went to the the what do you call it the pre-1 the what do you call that
an audition the audition yeah were you how much more nervous were you at the real one than the audition
oh i was a thousand times more nervous at the real how fast were you talking
uh pretty damn fast i mean the feedback i got after people watched the episode was that was
that it was handled well and the answer and the questions were answered properly and everything
like that but no i was i was extremely nervous that was that was was handled well and the questions were answered properly and everything like that. But no, I was extremely nervous. That was pretty scary stuff. The audition,
some of the executive producers are there, but it's just you up against five or six people.
But when you're filming, you have in the back of your mind, A, this could potentially go on
television. And B, you've got 10 cameras in your face and all of these investors and you know we've we've raised money over the
years but um you know usually those are in one-on-one meetings or you know calm boardroom
settings and stuff like that so for me to go have to you know pitch in front of a bunch of cameras
and all and all of the you know most astute and intelligent investors in the country that that's
pretty scary time okay so for once again Den, exact same thing as Shark Tank.
Which dragons were there?
We had Michelle Romano, Lane Merrifields, Manjeet Minhas, Jim Trilleving,
who's the owner of Boston Pizza, and Arlene Dickinson.
So Jim Trilleving, the Boston Pizza guy, and Arlene Dickinson. So Jim Trilla being the Boston pizza guy and Arlene Dickinson,
who's a marketing entrepreneur,
they're kind of like the OG dragons or like the dragons left that hadn't
moved over to shark tank already.
And then the rest of the ones that I named were, were new ones.
And right when we got in there,
like right after I made the introductory pitch, everyone just took sides.
So we had, we had Arlene and michelle on on my side and then all
the rest of the dragons started pulling the you know this is an e-cigarette card oh they're they're
i i oh big time so it uh the it got pretty intense in the in the first five minutes and i was climbing
uphill for most of it but uh you know luckily we had those other two dragons on our side and they were defending us quite a bit and, you know, telling the under,
you know, the other dragons that they're hypocrites because they, they make millions
off selling sugar products and alcohol and they're in a position to criticize my product.
And yeah, it was, it was pretty interesting. Well, maybe that's why they were criticizing
it because they know your competition. Yeah, potentially.
And then ultimately your goal going to that though, is it not more to be recognized as a brand than it is in fact, and actually to sell off because most of the times you're
getting a low ball offer.
Yep.
That's absolutely right.
And, you know, we weren't actually looking to raise that much capital at the time and
we didn't want to dilute ourselves and our shareholders too much by doing a big equity deal with one of the dragons because that's the type of deals they tend to want to do.
Also, if you're looking to take investment from someone that is interested in taking a large position in your company, then you want them to be the most strategic investor possible or someone that's going to grow your business in an immense way. And although the investors on Dragon's Den are
extremely experienced and obviously value-add in their own ways, they're not really in the vape
game. They're not really in the caffeine supplement space or anything like that.
So after doing our research and thinking about it, our intention was to go on there and, you know, just let them know
what our valuation was.
It's the last valuation
that we closed the financing at.
So it was fair for us to go on with that
and essentially see
what kind of feedback we got.
And then the ultimate goal
was to get on TV.
That's kind of the ultimate goal
of all the companies that go on there.
And so that was our goal going into it.
And that's what
we ended up accomplishing from it which is great and i remember at the end i won't say who but one
of the dragons who was you know kind of hyper negative throughout the entire episode interrupting
the other ones and we'll put his address in the name we'll put his address fucking send us an
address that's the head but yeah you know and at the end of the show oh you know you're just on
here for publicity you know get out of here and, you know, you're just on here for publicity,
you know, get out of here.
And it's like,
well,
who isn't on here for publicity?
This is a TV show.
You know,
your production crew just put makeup on me for 30 minutes and then told me
exactly what I needed to say the first 50 minutes I stepped out here.
So of course we're on here for TV.
And I,
you know,
they always kind of pull that card on the companies going on there,
but you know,
they're in the same business we are.
So I was kind of annoyed by that.
Bullshit because you went in with the evaluation that you'd already closed out
or raised at, which means you are not. So fuck that guy.
Exactly. And it'd be completely unfair to my investors and other shareholders to
go on there and start with a low ball offer just because I think that that's
what they would accept. You know?
Do you think that's why? Oh, go ahead.
I was just going to say, and even when we went back,
even when we went at them with that valuation
and we got harsh responses to our  we said, well, we're here to negotiate.
We weren't like, oh, that's the valuation,
and we're not going to talk any more about it.
It wasn't that at all.
We were perfectly reasonable and went back to them and said,
we're only to negotiate.
So for those who missed it, maybe Eagle energy of course that i've done a million ad
reads for them that's why everyone knows about them not a big deal you're welcome
i think your biggest flaw was not having me fly in and do an ad read live for them
on national television i think all of them would have been drooling at my guarana
wording so it is i i completely agree with that, and
we're now at our stage two
application with Shark Tank, and
I need someone who
is an American resident to be my
co-applicant for the show. Whoa!
Alright, let's fucking do it. You just gotta make sure
it isn't when the Yotes are playing, because they're
a wagon this year, and I don't want to miss any games.
Okay, so
we mentioned that you're Morgan Riley's buddy.
You got to tell us a few Morgan Riley stories
because, I mean, obviously you got to use your time
wisely on here. If you tell funny
stories, people buy your products. That's how
it works on Spittin' Chipmunks.
Oh, man.
Well, you know, I've been
close friends
with Morgan for a
long time and I would be very hesitant to
throw him under the bus or discuss his personal life. But I do have a funny story, something that
happened to me the other day. And keep in mind, I'm best friends with Morgan, but I'm also a
super fan. And so whenever there's a Leafs game, I got my Riley jersey on, I'm at the bar, I'm glued
to the television, everyone kind of knows.
And I had my car.
Well, not my car.
My parents' truck parked outside of a house in West Van the other night.
And the window got smashed in.
Tire fucked up, you know, completely, you know, completely messed up the car.
Got into the car, completely rinsed the car.
You know, they took a
a quart of whiskey that was in there they took my jacket they took anything out of the cup holders
and anything out of the center console and the only thing remaining in the car was my morgan
rata jersey i just i just thought i don't know if i want that story out there nobody wanted his jersey
yeah well actually i think maybe the guy was scared that i was going
to call some private investigators or some gangs on it if i got that fucking jersey stolen from me
but yeah i i thought i thought it was kind of a symbolic event before before our call yeah he
probably didn't want fucking rouse's jersey man now you're breaking it to the world he's going to
be pissed about that well hey elliot i want to thank you for stopping by. And of course, throughout your campaign with us, it's going to be Biz20 promo code for 20 off.
Is it myeagleenergy.com?
No, it's eagle.energy, which is kind of weird because we're ditching the.com and lots of other companies are doing that these days.
Some big oil and gas company, or not even that big, it's kind of an unsuccessful oil and gas company called eagle energy is hanging on to hanging on to the dot-com url so we're
www.eagle.energy um and yeah biz 20 20 off and and biz i want to say you know in addition for
having me on the show uh thanks a lot for the opportunity for partnering with you guys um it's
been a great ride so far and I look forward to scaling it and growing
this brand with you.
Damn dude,
you're being all like professional and shit.
Oh,
also one thing we forgot to mention was the fact that you guys partnered up
with 21 Savage.
Yep.
How the hell did that happen?
Very,
very long story.
And I, I won't go. Have you met 21 Savage?
I have not met him yet. No. Have you talked to the phone with 21 Savage?
No. The only thing that we've done because his agents and his management pretty much make
everything go through them. Um, but, uh, and we had to send product to his house and he had to
approve it and everything like that and
it turns out that he loves the product and it turns out that he's very against smoking and
and very against nicotine and all that so you know he saw it as a he saw it as a good alternative
but yeah we originally got approached by someone in his management and said that you know they're
looking for you know new novel technologies to know, create brand partner partnerships with.
Now that 21 is, you know, he's partnered with Post Malone. I got picked up, picked up by a
big talent agency in the U S and so we said, you know, fuck yeah. And we, we put together a custom
limited edition 21 Savage unit, uh, that has his album artwork as the design and a brand new unique
flavor profile. And that's going live in about a week and it's going to be available on our
website and on Amazon as well.
Well, he's a true songbird of our generation.
And that's kind of cool that you have the opportunity with him.
And I don't want to recite any of his lyrics because you know,
I don't want to come off as too religious.
But thanks again for coming on and you're more And the Morgan Riley interview is coming up here soon,
but we've got to get back to the boys.
Once again, thank you to Elliot from Eagle Energy for coming on.
We've worked with them quite a while now
and excited to have them back for six months.
And, guys, I didn't mean to interrupt the talky talk,
but, all right, what else we got cooking?
Okay, all right.
One other piece of news, a guy who's leaving the NHL,
not necessarily hockey, but Thomas Placanik.
He's all done in Montreal.
He was actually practicing.
He was injured.
He was planning on returning from an injury.
Mark Bergervin, I guess, sat him down and basically
Bergervin?
Bergervin.
Bergervin?
Bergervin on Manhattan Beach.
Get your burgers at the Bergervin.
I heard that.
The Hamburglar.
Bergevin.
Yeah, basically, he sat down with each other,
and basically the emergence of Max Domi and other young players,
he kind of made him expendable.
Flickinick didn't want to play anywhere other than Montreal,
so basically the Canadians placed him on waivers for the purpose of
terminating his contract so he can retire from the NHL. Not he basically, the Canadians placed him on waivers for the purpose of terminating his contract
so he can retire from the NHL.
Not hockey, just the NHL.
I know this pod's going to make you too sick.
He's making two and a quarter million this year,
so he's going to be leaving money on the table.
I know what he's going to puke here.
Oh, so is there no buyout there where they agree on it,
where maybe he gets a role in office or something like that?
I didn't read anything like that
you want to retire we're not paying you two million well but it's also like well no i'm
just gonna fucking like go down to the minors and fake a groin injury or something yeah no he i i'm
sure he knew that i hate to say it but fuck that's a lot of money to leave on the table i mean i know
he's made a decent chunk but if i I'm a GM and I'm saying,
hey, we're going to end up setting you down, you're going to be on the books,
I mean, there's something to be worked out.
I'd be like, hey, let's fucking work this thing out.
We're in a room now.
Long live the turtleneck.
Long live the turtleneck.
It's forever gone.
It should all go on with turtlenecks on and remembrance of him.
Biz, actually, just to follow up on that biz.
He did make a career earnings of around 50 million.
And I read Pat Hickey's column in the Montreal Gazette,
and he kind of speculated that he's going to go back and play in the Czech
Republic.
And he may well play for the team.
He may well play for the team in Kladno,
which is owned by his buddy.
Yara may Yaga.
Who?
Oh,
you ever heard of him? Jaromir Jagger. Who? Oh, you ever heard of him?
Jaromir Jagger?
No.
He played with Mario Lamox.
Oh, he's an owner?
He's a hockey owner?
Hey, Biz, you know what?
I'm having a weird memory of a team he was on wearing turtlenecks in warm-ups.
I think when he played 1,000 games, they did that.
No way.
I swear to God.
That's a funny troll.
You're saying  no, you're saying  when you said it, I laughed,
and then I'm like, I think that's happening.
It wasn't in Toronto, was it?
I think it was Montreal.
Did he get 1,000 in Montreal?
I don't know.
We got to look that up, Mikey.
Get rid of that fucking mouse and look up some stats.
R.A. is playing all the stats today, not Mikey Grinnell, Mr. Ratman over there.
He did it on the road.
That's why they get in the silver stick a couple games later.
Oh, okay.
Should we go to the big 44 on the Toronto Maple Leafs right now?
Grinnell is giving me the thumbs up as his other thumb,
which is ironically the same size as the mouse he's afraid of,
tries to bat it away.
So here it is, Toronto Maple Leafs star defenseman Morgan Riley.
This interview is brought to you by Tommy John.
Guys, the holidays are fast approaching,
and things are about to get uncomfortable.
Whether you're meeting her family for the first time
or trying to survive her dad for the hundredth,
now is not the time for nutcrackers and wedgies.
Thankfully, there's Tommy John,
the revolutionary clothing company
that's redefining comfort for men and women.
Guys and gals out there,
I'm literally wearing my Tommy Johns right now.
By far the most comfortable underwear I've ever worn.
Like I just said, there's no nutcrackers, no wedgies.
This keeps everything as snug as a bug in a rug.
It's the ultimate underwear that you want to wear.
Tommy John's got the most comfortable underwear on the planet. Like I said, it keeps everything neat, nestled, all in one
place. And it's the perfect gift for the holidays, especially for those guys out there who are
constantly adjusting. You know who you are. Also, Tommy John, ladies, we have a nice woman's line
that's been called life-changing. Their loungewear is luxuriously soft and mistletoe worthy. We all
know what the mistletoe means, boys. And their latest innovation
for men, the stay tuck dress shirt is a game changer. So if you're still on the fence wondering
if Tommy John would be a memorable gift, don't think twice. Think about all the adjusting and
tugging and grabbing and pulling that you'll have to do. Not anymore. Not with Tommy John.
And with limited edition holiday gifts, there's something for everyone on your list,
naughty or nice. We like them naughty, right, Biz?
Tommy John, there are no adjustments needed.
So give the gift of mind-blowing comfort this holiday season with limited edition
holiday gifts from Tommy John.
Plus, save 20 on your first order at TommyJohn.com slash chiclets.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off.
I'm proud to introduce
first-time guest of the podcast,
one of the most underrated
defensemen in the league.
Doesn't get enough credit.
He played his junior hockey
with the Moose Jaw Warriors,
wherever the fuck that is.
Had a little bit of a cup of coffee.
Stayed about a half cup in the American Hockey League
and right up to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
My friend, Morgan Riley, welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Yeah, thanks for having me.
Morgan, my first question before we really get into everything is,
pretty much everyone listening has probably seen Biz Nasty Does BC.
You were a big part of that out on the boat.
You know, Shanahan and Lemorel chasing you down in the helicopter.
How miserable was that day with Biz, be honest?
Yeah, to be honest, I think that was the first day of you actually doing that, right?
It was a little bit it was a little
bit of a gong show i think at first um but i think we got to figure it out all right biz was working
his ass off like trying to keep everything in order so it's kind of humorous to watch i guess
but then i think the final product was pretty good oh but when we saw that episode cut up i'm like
you know what we might actually have something here.
And the fact that you were nice enough to give me a full day where I was
begging guys to give me like 20 minutes.
I mean, man, you were a huge part of that thing.
And I thank you for that.
I was real nervous about the part with Lou and the chopper.
I thought he was going to be coming down looking for blood once that got released
because I thought he was going to be upset, but he actually took it pretty well.
Good thing he's on the island now.
Smell you later.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
Apparently, MLSC wasn't happy with his acting skills,
so that's why they gave him the axe.
That's why they didn't give him a new contract.
I don't know.
That's what I heard anyway.
I don't want to get into the rumor mill but uh but where are you right now I'm in Toronto um played last
night played a pre-season game in Montreal got one tomorrow I think tomorrow is the last one
so uh just kind of counting down the days until the regular season we play Montreal at home
um on Wednesday next week so looking forward to that oh yeah and
and man like i guess let's just get right into it like holy fuck put some respect on the least
these name they just keep fucking throwing you guys under the bus you guys got a solid back end
yeah yeah i don't know i think we feel pretty good about it um i mean that's definitely a topic of
of of conversation amongst the media members here in toronto they've been talking about it um i mean that's definitely a topic of of a conversation amongst the media
members here in toronto they've been talking about it for a while now but i think as a group
we feel pretty comfortable i think i mean me playing with hainsey we feel comfortable with
one another you know he's a guy that's been a league a long time he's uh he's a wily veteran
and um you know uh jake and zaitsev i think is a good pairing too so you know, Jake and Zaitsev, I think, is a good pairing too. So, you know, we feel comfortable.
I mean, of course, we feel like we can get better.
I mean, there's room to grow.
But, you know, I mean, our job is to keep the puck out of the net and just give it to the forwards.
I think that kind of takes pressure off us when our group of forwards
is as good and as talented as it is.
So, you know, we're looking forward to the season.
We're looking forward to proving some people wrong maybe. But, I mean, as a group, we feel comfortable. So, I mean, we're looking forward to the season. We're looking forward to proving some people wrong maybe.
But, I mean, as a group, we feel comfortable.
So, I mean, we're looking forward to getting going just like everyone else.
But, yeah, I think there's definitely some doubters out there,
but it's all good.
Hey, Ron Hainsey, what's he like?
He seems like such a funny guy.
Ron Hainsey's hilarious, man.
He was my partner all last year.
We kind of got to know one another a little bit.
But, no no awesome dude uh really involved with the pa so when there's things going on he's always got
kind of the uh the inside scoop oh i mean that's nice cbd our cbd uh cbd what's the negotiations
what's that big thing called? CBA. CBA.
There it is.
I got so much CBD on my brain.
That's what we've been selling on here, the herbal active.
So I've been fucking brainwashing myself apparently.
But it works.
I'll send you some.
Anyway, sorry.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So Hanes is good.
Good Wiley veteran.
So it's nice playing with the guy that has a little bit of a different
perspective he's been in the league a while
won a cup with Pitt
so yeah great dude
Morgan
do you know who's drafted
5th overall 10 years before you
no
you're talking to him buddy
really he's like you're 5th overall No. You're talking to him, buddy. Really?
He's like, you're fifth overall, you fucking squid.
Who are you, buddy?
Is this R.A.?
Is this R.A. talking?
By the way, R.A. couldn't make it.
He had to work tonight, so fuck, sorry.
Sorry about that, Morgz.
I know you're a little disappointed.
I'm sorry about that one, R.A.
Yeah, yeah, that's a letdown.
So my question, you know, know yeah i'm fifth overall pick
you know i know you've gone through you know i played in canada yeah you know but i am i am
wondering and this is before we you know we we start joking around a little bit um i think that
you have all the makings i think you know your wheels your your shot your vision your size all
that could be a true number one defense in the NHL.
Maybe you're not exactly there yet.
I would argue that.
But people who say, oh, Toronto's a great team,
but they don't have a true number one,
do you look at that as I'm going to be there now?
I'll be there soon?
Or are you thinking, oh, fuck that, I'm there now?
What are these people talking about?
I think it's a little bit of both.
I feel like last year I had a good year, but, um, you know, moving forward, you always want
to be better.
I don't think I'm there yet.
I don't think I'm at a spot where I can kind of, you know, hang my hat on that as a number
one D title just yet, but that's a place I want to get to.
And I think I'll be there soon.
And I think that obviously this will be an important year for our team.
I'm making big moves in the off season.
There's lots of expectations.
So I think it's important that we all kind of get ready for a big year.
And I think that,
you know,
really includes myself.
So this year would be a good test,
but I mean,
moving forward,
that's obviously an accomplishment that I want to have.
And,
you know,
I'm not there yet,
but hopefully it won't be long till,'m able to be comfortable in that position.
Just a matter of time, hopefully.
Morgz, how about Matthews' GQ shoot?
He looked fucking great.
He did look good.
I was actually just thinking that.
He was getting some heat on Twitter, but hey.
I mean, it's GQ you, and he looked good.
Oh, Hillbillies in northern Alberta.
Give me a fucking break.
That kid's a stud, and he's got that cockiness, but it's well-earned,
but he keeps it tight.
He's a stud.
I don't know if he's cocky even, i mean he's got he's got unlimited swagger yeah
kids are saying the kids are calling it yeah yeah yeah like he like rolled into training camp when
he was 13 at the time and you know he was like he's wearing custom suits and i think he had a
rollie and like uh like all this unbelievable gear and we're like, oh, my God, this kid is dripping swag.
So, I mean, he's an unbelievable player, obviously,
so he's kind of earned it.
He just keeps proving himself to be an elite player in this league,
and he's only  I guess he just turned 20, so
or, no, sorry, 21.
So, I mean, he's playing well, and he's kind of earned the swag.
So, you know, more power to him. He's in GQ. What's next, you know? So, we mean, he's playing well. He's kind of earned the swag. So, you know, more power to him.
He's in GQ.
What's next, you know?
So we'll see.
GQ's about as big as you could get, I would say.
I think it's as big as you can get in terms of, like, street cred.
Was that GQ Canada?
No, I think that's the real deal.
Wow.
That says a lot for a kid.
Oh, that's the international one. Wow. That says a lot. Oh, that's the international one.
Whoa.
I didn't know that.
So were Connor and him in the same issue?
That, I don't know.
Oh, Grinnelli's going to hop in here.
Different weeks, I believe.
GQ got two different guys from hockey.
Fucking A, GQ.
They're new chicklets, people.
Hey, what are the other guys like
What's Marner like
He's starting to get into the acting and stuff
Yeah
I mean Mitch is great
Mitch and Austin are like
Best friends it seems like
I mean they're different personalities
Just in the sense that
Mitch kind of just
Bounces around the dressing room,
kind of talking to everyone, and he's always got energy, and he always wants to do shit,
and he's always a good time, and Austin's a bit more reserved. He's a bit more calm and calculated,
but their roommate's on the road still because they're both on their first deal, and so they're
always together, and they're a little different, but I think they both like fashion. fashion they both like kind of going out just kind of having a good time with one another
so it's cool to watch them grow up a little bit they came with the league at the same time so
when you watch the dynamic um with the two of them whether they're on the road or whether
it's just a practice day it's pretty funny it changes every year so um mitch definitely has
more energy.
He's more active, and he's always kind of bouncing around the room.
He's always dancing to the music and stuff,
and Austin's a bit more laid back.
So it's a pretty unique dynamic for sure.
So it's funny.
I mean, now it's your sixth NHL season.
It's crazy.
I feel like you're still so young,
but I can't really call you a young guy in lean anymore when you're approaching your sixth year i will call that rasmus dalene
young and just the other night i was watching a pre-season gamer caught highlights and patrick
marlo strips him of the puck ends up getting a breakaway just one of those wily veterans
stripping a rookie of the puck just teaching him a lesson is that what it's like with marlo
all the time?
He's doing stuff with you in practice.
You're just like, oh, my God.
Yeah, he's a legend, man.
I mean, he's played over 1,500 games.
He's got probably over 1,000 points.
I'm assuming.
I don't know that for sure.
Yeah, yeah.
He's an absolute stud.
So to play with him has been pretty cool.
I think he's probably going to be a Hall of Famer, no?
Yep.
Oh, for sure.
Morgz, what's he think of the shit you guys are playing in the locker room these days?
He's got to be shaking his head every tune.
No, he's like the most easygoing, like, chill guy.
Him, Austin, Mitch are like triplets.
They just hang out together 24-7 on the road.
What? Yeah. Is he into the video games and shit too? are like triplets they just hang out together 24 7 on the road one day i was yeah yeah
no no but he'll chill with them like one day in playoffs last year we're in boston and i was
walking over their room and and i could hear them yelling in the hallway because i was going to knock
on austin's door because we're going for dinner and i walk in there they're all just like all on
one bed and they're watching a movie and just like joking around and Mitch and Austin are both like 20 and 21 at the time and Patty's late 30s
and he's just one of the boys he's just an awesome dude and I think the guys really like playing with
him that was like me and and and Fids you know people are probably oh they're all the same bed
it's like how insecure can you be because you know there's people are gonna say that when they
hear this but I fucking I loved it man a little slumber party yeah be? Because you know there's people who are going to say that when they hear this.
But I fucking  I loved it, man. A little slumber party.
Boys being boys, you know?
Patty's an unbelievable guy.
The boys love him.
Yeah, like we went out to play the Sharks last year,
and it was insane how much the people loved him out there.
I guess he was there for like 18, 19, 20 years, something like that.
All the time.
He was scoring scoring sick breakaway
goals for the San Jose Sharks
and you were getting your diaper clean,
Morgan. Think about that.
It's crazy to
think about. I used to watch him because I grew up in Vancouver.
I used to watch him play the Sharks all
the time and Patty was a stud back then
and I would play with him.
Just to get to know him, the guy
is unbelievable. He's always picking up bills when we get to know him. I mean, the guy is  I mean, he's unbelievable.
He's always picking up bills when we go out for dinner.
He's like buying the boys wine.
Oh, that's
What bottles does he get into?
Does he get into the big boy stuff?
He's like, I got to meet this guy.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, well, I mean, he lives out in Cali,
so I think he's got some good taste.
But last year he  I don't know what happened. He probably
hit a milestone, and he
bought the whole team this wine
with the team logo on it.
And then he was over at my
place after the year. We were having
some beers at my place after the playoffs, and he came
over, and he
autographed a bottle of wine, and now
it's right here. It's pretty cool. I'm pretty happy to have it
actually. The guy's probably going to be first
ballot at Hall of Fame, so
play with him is pretty fun.
And he stole.
I think he scored 20 last year.
He looks unbelievable this year.
Hey, what are the chances
you don't crack that thing late night
one time and you bring a girl over and that's the only
bottle of booze you have in the house?
I'm shocked it's lasted this long. I'm shocked it's lasted this long.
I'm shocked it's lasted this long.
So the fact that I haven't cracked it yet makes me think my willpower's
strong enough that I'll leave it.
You're like, oh, is it worth disrespecting Marlo, or should I
I can't do it.
I can't do it.
I got to wait.
I got to wait, I think.
No, Riles
I'll get you a cab home.
Riles, you're going to have two and two on a Hawkenane-Cannon game
some Saturday night this year.
Be like, oh, fuck it.
It's going to be your milestone.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think I've waited long enough.
My dad was out here during the Rogers Cup here in Toronto,
and he was crashing on my place, and I had to text him
because I could tell he was getting a bit loose.
I was like, Dad, there's a really important bottle of wine in there
with Paddy's autograph on it.
Please don't drink it.
And thank God it's still here.
Before we move on from Patrick Marlowe, I got one question,
and that is this is coming from a guy.
I wore nasty old Easton skates for about my entire nine-year NHL career.
Why is he still wearing those old Reeboks, and how many pairs does he have?
Because they stopped making them like nine years ago, I think.
He loves them.
He won't change.
Well, he claims he's tried to change.
I don't know if he has or not, but he's only got two or three left, he said,
not including the ones he's wearing now.
So he's now doing a rotation where he'll use his old pair and practice
and keep the new ones for games.
So I think he's trying to make them last.
But I think a time will come where he has to change.
He's only got a couple left.
And judging by how he looks in training camp, he's got more years left in him.
So there might come a time where you see him in Bowers.
It'll be weird.
But he's trying to make them last.
Or he could be like Wes Waltz,
and they find that they stopped making those Madonna CCMs.
I think those were the skates, and he just shut her down.
That could be it.
Just shut it?
Wes Waltz, I would love to get him on the podcast.
I don't know the exact skate.
I'm pretty sure it was like the Madonna tuck or tack.
And when they were gone, he just quit.
That was it. That's all he could wear. Maybe Marlowe's the Madonna tuck or tack. And when they were gone, he just quit. That was it.
That's all he could wear.
Maybe Marlowe's the same frigging way.
It could be because Patty swears by him.
I mean, it's obviously all he's ever worn.
And he's got like the last remaining pairs on the planet, I'm sure.
So he's got to make them last.
Think about muscle memory.
This guy's had the same pair of skates and the same feeling throughout.
I mean, let's start at his ankles and all the way up to his hips.
Like all of a sudden you, you, you mess with that even by millimeters.
And that's throwing everything off.
They, they, uh, I believe the Chinese or Asian called, uh, feng shui.
I don't know if that's right.
Um, this it is. You want this it is you want to go to
Grinnell hit the google button let's go
this guy's challenging me
I'm with you
Riles fuck biz
with
Patty Marlowe it's crazy to watch
him during games because he'll do that cold tub
like he'll play two periods and then
every night he'll go for like a whole body
cold tub between periods and he's still doing it now like he did it last night in montreal for a
preseason game we played two periods and like we're looking around for patty and he's in the
cold tub for a preseason game in montreal in his 21st year he's an absolute stud i mean not only
do i hate cold tubs but the fact of how much energy it would take to take off your full set of gear
and put it back on just to get your legs fresh for the third.
Fuck that.
I'm untying my seats at that point.
And that's it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No, he's, he's a, he's a wild guy to play with.
He's, he's accomplished just about everything except the cops.
So hopefully, hopefully you can get that done before it's all over with.
You guys aren't getting past the Yotes.
It's a fucking dream, buddy.
Whit, what's up, buddy?
You got something?
No, I'm just curious, you know,
away from kind of the on ice before the season gets going here,
what are your summers like besides getting stuck on a boat with biz all day?
Hobbies? Where are you at
most of the summer? What's it like for you
in the offseason?
Yeah, playing here
in Toronto, you like to get away.
Leave town a little
bit because it gets a little bit crazy.
Morgan Riley hates Toronto.
Get the blog ready, Grinnells.
Get the blog ready.
So I moved back to Vancouver,
and unfortunately, for whatever unknown reason,
has chosen that as his home base during summer.
I'm not sure why.
Only place people don't hate their guts.
Yet.
I don't know.
That's even up for debate.
So we kind of trained.
We got a group back in vancouver we all
trained together there's some nice golf courses out there it's good fishing so i mean it's pretty
low-key stuff and then on weekends i'll oftentimes cross paths with biz and we'll catch up and stuff
like that but you'll pay for his whole night that's like CrossFit or the juice place where we like to
go on Saturday nights to stay
fresh. Exactly, yeah. Stay
fresh, that's right. So, yeah, but
I mean, Vancouver's tough to beat.
I mean, I'm sure Biz can
probably attest to that. It's
great weather. It's on the water.
And, I mean, that's where I'm from,
so I basically just kind of hang out with my high school
buddies back there. We have a good time for the off season
and by the time you get back to Toronto
you know it's go time
I mean I feel lucky to play in Toronto
to keep playing in Canada
so it's been fun and you know hopefully
we can have a big year here. Well that's the only place
you ever get laid anyway
but besides that
Witt Grinnell so
Eagle Energy one of our main, one of the
main sponsors on this podcast, uh, Morgan is very good friends with Elliot, the guy
who, uh, went to prison for making over a million dollars in fake IDs and then created
this genius of, of doing vapor, uh, organic caffeine, fucking put you to planet,
fucking Zoltan, whatever you want to say.
But talk about your relationship with him
and how you're basically a scumbag because you're affiliated.
Yeah, me and Elliot went to school together and played hockey together.
He was actually the captain of our Bantam team back in the day,
and that kind of crew that we used to hang out with is still pretty tight.
So,
uh,
he might've lost focus doing something.
I'm not,
I'm not sure what it was,
but he strayed from the path a little bit.
Um,
obviously with that ID stuff and the story he told on here was pretty funny.
Um,
I don't think it really hit all the bases.
I think there was some,
some parts of that story that were lost in translation.
More aggressive shit.
Not necessarily more aggressive,
but I think he was trying to maintain his business image a little bit,
but,
but he's still doing well.
I can't fucking hustles and I'm getting in business with him all day.
I mean, he made a little mistake when he was younger,
but imagine the experience he's gained.
Tell me a kid who's 18 years old who's made a million dollars
other than, I mean, social media wasn't a thing then.
This guy made a million fucking dollars when he was 18.
I don't care if it was illegal.
You're probably talking to a guy who made a million when he was 18.
Right, but other than sports,
of course. I mean, come on.
In business, you can't walk into a fucking
boardroom when you're 18.
You still have skid marks on your underwear.
Yeah.
I mean, it's pretty strange, but I think he came
out on top.
He's got a good business going.
Obviously, he's partnered up with you guys a little bit,
and he's doing well.
So, I mean, good for him.
I think when he was going through all that,
I went to Vancouver when I was playing my first year.
I was 19, and I was about to play my first game ever in Vancouver,
and that's right when all that was kind of not going so well for him so I was calling
him he was at the game with an anklet on yeah yeah well I was calling him and he and like he
wouldn't call me back wouldn't call me back like a week later he called me and explained everything
and you have a call from Elliot yeah man uh sorry I missed your game but uh fuck i don't know if you heard but i
sold over a million dollars in fake ids and uh he may have been in the creek during the game
i don't know if he caught it tsunami the swat team kicked it in had us all locked up
he was pointing at my eyes get on the floor you're the fucking floor sorry yeah but uh hey uh one thing that is not brought up about uh
a lot anyway is your time with that team north america when they had the world cup of hockey
and you were on the younger team the most exciting team ever assembled yeah yeah that was fun man we
had a good team um it was definitely a weird dynamic i think at first you know being
a mix being half american half canadian um i think the guys were pretty nervous about it but it was
i mean it was unbelievable i think it's probably one of the highlights of my career so far
playing on that team even though we didn't win or or even play in the finals i think that um
i mean being a part of a group, that was pretty fun.
Just kind of the team dynamic at first, kind of the way we really got to know one another was very fun.
And, you know, we did our mini camp in Montreal, came to Toronto,
two pretty good cities.
So, I mean, we had a good time.
And, I mean, looking back at it, I wish we had a chance to play
in the final, but it is what it is.
You know, Great experience.
Do you remember Johnny Gaudreau
eating a ham and cheese sandwich during
that tournament at all? Because that's his legit
name, Johnny Ham and Cheese.
Yeah. I mean, people
were calling him that. I didn't know
what was going on.
I swear, the Boston guys and stuff, like
Ike's, would call him shit that i
didn't even understand because because i didn't really understand like the aura of like johnny
hockey but he would eat his pre-game meals and then like his plate would just be dry like there'd
be no pasta sauce on it or like no leftovers anything because all he would eat would be like
plain pasta and like bread and then he would go out and he would be absolutely nasty and he'd be like what is this guy doing
so he's he's a debacle when it comes to his off-ice nutrition or whatever it is but he's
a sick player and playing with it was pretty fun hey his body can't take in vitamins. Just strictly high-carb, no sauces, no sugars.
Just white bread and just pasta with no sauce.
You got a guy on the Tom Brady diet who can't even get up the fucking ice,
and he's just like, what the fuck?
He eats a ham sandwich, goes out there, he's crossing over,
stick handling faster than he's crossing over which is insane speed.
It's so stupid.
Doesn't make sense.
That team was definitely
a mix of guys that
didn't have huge
expectations for our team
just based on our age and our experience
and then
just like a mix of guys that were so good
like Matthews and McDavid and McKinnon and stuff and they were flying around and then once'm just like a mix of guys that were so good like Matthews and McDavid and
McKinnon and stuff then they were flying around and then once the tournament got going
we kind of realized that we had a chance to play and we beat Sweden in the last game and
and we kind of were told if we won that game we would play um I can't remember who it was maybe
Canada the next day but it did yeah yeah it turned out it was it was. Maybe Canada the next day. It did. Yeah, it turned out it was gold differential or whatever,
and we didn't make it, which was brutal.
But either way, we had a good time.
We had our mini camp in Montreal, like I said.
And I think we were there for like a week and a half.
I mean, practiced like three times.
So we got to know each other pretty well.
Oh, man.
I heard that teams that were staying in Toronto were going out every fucking night.
It was like a joke.
I was there working.
I was out every night.
Oh.
I was seeing everyone.
I was seeing everyone.
You guys had to put the skates on the next day, though.
Yeah, it was pretty fun.
We went to Montreal.
The day we got there, we did our team meeting where we talked about like travel plans and stuff
like that.
And then right when the meeting was done,
all the coaches brought us up to like this rooftop patio of the hotel in
Montreal.
And it was kind of like open bar.
It was just,
it was kind of like enjoy your night.
We got practice tomorrow at like,
at like,
yeah,
yeah.
We got practice tomorrow at like 2 PM.
Do whatever you guys are going to do tonight.
Just try to get to know one another.
Because at the time, we really didn't know any of the American guys.
So it didn't take long for our group to kind of gel a little bit
and spend a weekend in Montreal.
I think that'll do it for just about anyone.
So it was fun.
The next day of practice, the coach is like, fuck, what did we do?
What did we tell these guys?
It's okay.
What the hell is Riley doing out there?
I think they were
kind of regretting it a little bit.
Johnny and the Boston
boys were setting the pace
and then I think
once that first night happened, we kind of rolled with it
a little bit and then once we got to Toronto, we had to dial it in a little bit.
But it was fun, man.
We had a good time.
That team was so good.
Probably the most skilled team most of us will ever play on.
And I think it was probably the most enjoyable tournament,
most fun, most nights out that we had as a group.
Grinnell, next blog, Morgan Riley rips his teammates
that they have no skill.
No, Morgan, don't try to retract on your statement, please.
Hey, why number 44?
Well, wait, before you ask him that,
I was going to ask him about that fucking back and forth
with all the passing plays and overtime in that tournament.
If I had to take that, a clip of hockey and and sell it to
people who would maybe not be interested in hockey that's probably the clip i would pick
it was like yeah scoring chances at both ends twice yeah yeah it's pretty cool i was i was
out there at the time i can't it was me and johnny i can't remember who he's playing with
maybe ike's and then obviously n, Nate ended up scoring that goal.
That ended up being insane.
So that was  I mean, that was a pretty cool moment.
And, obviously, once the puck went in,
I think that's when we all were under the impression that, I mean,
we were playing the next day in a pretty important game.
But, obviously, that's not how it worked out, which is brutal.
But either way, it was fun, and that was a great night.
I mean, a great experience, and especially doing it here in Toronto.
I think that just added to it.
Well, yeah, you could tell the emotion of celebration was that,
wow, we just advanced because of that goal.
It was still nice to capture that moment.
It's unfortunate that it, you know, it was good to sell the game,
but hey, thanks for coming, you know?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, but that goal,
yeah, it's not actually as special as we thought.
Actually, yeah.
Yeah, we thought we were going through.
We thought that it would be us and Canada in the final,
which would have been insane, but obviously that didn't happen.
Which would have been 20-0 for them,
but still being there would have been cool.
No, no.
You have another question?
I think we would have cleaned them. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you would have been 20-0 for them, but still being there would have been cool. Do you have another question?
I think we would have cleaned them.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, you would have cleaned them.
You would have just roasted them.
Yeah, you would have cleaned up your mind. Was that before Matthews had ever played in the NHL, too?
You would have cleaned up the back of your net
with all those fucking pucks that would be back there.
Yeah, at that time, Matthews had no games played in the league,
and he was still one of the best players on that team.
Wait, so was that the year that his next game was the first game had no games played in the league and he was still one of the best players on that team.
Was that the year that his next game was the first game where he scored four, four tucks in Ottawa?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We drafted him.
And then,
and then the next time I played with him was,
was at that training camp for team North America.
And then once that was over,
we joined our,
we joined the Maple Leafs kind of halfway into training camp.
And then the next thing you know, he's putting on a show in Ottawa.
So it's a pretty quick month for him.
Oh, wow.
That is a quick turnaround, a quick little warm-up in that tournament
with all the high-talent athletes.
Got him up to speed.
Basically put the whole league in his back pocket at the World Cup
and then again in Ottawa, Sports 4.
So he's pretty cool to be a part of.
Yeah, that was gnarly.
We got him on the podcast.
Not a big deal.
Riles, hey, what's Codry like?
I asked Mackie the same question.
Oh, my God.
I'm obsessed with this guy.
Who's he?
Nas?
Nas, Nas, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
He's a great dude man i've i've played
with him my whole career and um he's like he's like the i mean i don't know he's he's pretty
unique he's not like anyone i've ever played with before he's he's uh he's obviously a rat to play
against but he's i mean he's really popular amongst his teammates. He's obviously a great
player. He's a big part of our team. He had a great year
last year. Actually, two years in a row now,
he's scored over 30.
I think we just kind of
chill with him, whether you're golfing
with him or whether you're
just kind of hanging with him. He's always super
positive. He's always
trying
to kind of poke you a little bit, trying to get
something going, trying to get a reaction. So he's a cool
guy to hang out with.
I mean, he's really popular amongst his teammates,
but not so much with
the people he's playing against.
Are you trying to sell it?
You said he's popular with his teammates.
Are you a used car salesman?
Yeah.
He's actually a scumbag. I'm trying to cover up.
Darnell, chalk it down.
Third blog.
Morgan Riley hates Nazem Khadri.
Big time drama in the room.
Can we get any more sound bites off this guy?
Are we good?
Hey, Morgan, I got a question here.
So I love hearing about these kind of stories.
So what was it like the first time you met Biz?
How did you guys meet each other?
What was your first impression of him?
I always love meeting my fans.
I'm always nice to everyone.
The first time I met Biz,
it was probably during
a skate because at the time,
he was still playing. I think he was probably
playing in Phoenix maybe
or maybe in the minors. I don't know.
He skated before the NHL hour.
You motherfucker.
I was doing the public skate.
I'm trying to think who you're playing for then.
Were you still playing for Phoenix?
Because my first year was 2013.
No, he wasn't.
Where were you playing?
Like the Wheeling Nailers, dude.
Maybe, yeah.
So we would skate together.
Were you skating with Jordan?
Out and skate. Yeah. Yeah, it would be out out and skate yeah yeah this
would be out of skates and um and it would be a joke like he like he couldn't handle passes he'd
be like a drill killer but at the same time we wanted him to come back just because it was comedy
so hey it worked out well hey in the room hey i'll say this though i knew i was in trouble when i came and skated with you
and jordan wheel and like 20 minutes in i'm like man i i i won't be able to do an hour of this and
you guys are like oh this is a two-hour skate i was like i i after the hour i was like you guys
are on your fucking own man i ain't doing this ever again. I never went back to that skate, ever.
Who was running at the time?
That was probably Hockey Factory with, like, all the guys.
No, no, no.
It was Twist, maybe.
Something Twist.
Oh, the Twist?
Oh, the Twist skates?
Yeah, those were tough.
But when we used to do, like, those games with the Hockey Factory guys.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was not your thing. Oh, Bad Ice yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so me and wheeler for tanya wheeler though he was
gonna have to play with you in a few years if if you guys weren't playing already because i think
at the time you were probably playing in phoenix still and wheeler was with the kings and he was
probably playing in in manchester right and then you guys ended up playing with whatever right and you're talking about the
so the other skates wit as the summer would come to an end all the canucks guys started showing up
so the pace would pick up and i would stay in vancouver till the end of august and and i was
like holy shit man like once the pace picked up, I'm like, man,
these guys must think the Yotes are like a joke
and keeping me on for like a favor
because I couldn't keep up with all,
because like Sedins were still like relevant then
as far as like best.
So these skates were legit.
There were still a couple of guys from out of town
that were there.
Yeah, it's brutal.
Those skates have gotten big.
I mean, there's more guys that train now in Vancouver than ever,
and they're all so good.
Barzell's been in the league now.
Oh, my God.
He flies around.
We'll be, like, leaving a skate on Thursday,
and he'll be, like, trying to book more ice on Friday to play three-on-three.
And, like, you've got to talk him off the ledge
you're like dude just go enjoy your weekend he just loves it and he's so good man he's so good
in those gates he just flies for a neutral zone and it looks like he's not even trying but he
just blows past you hey so uh side note so this kid's the real deal as far as everything's concerned
so i filmed the commercial with him this summer that I haven't released yet for a company that we're eventually going to
sponsor on the pod.
I think Lou saw it
and... Oh, he's like, Biss and Net?
No! Yes, yes. I think I
fucked myself with your fucking episode
in Biz Nasty Does BC
episode 2. 100.
I told you he was
going to lose it if you
impose his head on a chopper like that.
But I guess he got away with one.
Right, I know.
So now he's kiboshing that one.
And I've already paid Barzy to do the commercial.
You paid him to do it?
Yeah, I gave him a gift card.
You didn't pay me to do the business.
I should not have said that. but I gave him a gift card.
Going back, fuck, I'll send you a check for a thousand bucks, whatever.
I didn't make shit on that documentary.
Anyway, you fucking millionaire.
Listen, I wasn't finished what I was saying but is is i think he nixed it
but we got to lay possum with her right now and and wait because it's not time sensitive
if anything he's just going to become a better player and it's even more valuable but i don't
know i hope you know hopefully this story doesn't fucking like no one goes after him anything like
that like barzy was a good sport and he was unbelievable in the commercial, so I can't wait to show it to you guys.
Yeah.
He's sick, man.
He's so good at hockey.
It's insane.
Hey, before we let you go,
I'm surprised you didn't tell us about the real first skate you had with Biz
when you were like, can you give me a couple passes for one-timers,
and one of them hit you in the teeth.
The other one was like flying past you in bed,
and then you had to pay for lunch.
Yeah, no, he's a debacle, man.
When he comes out to skates,
it's basically just a comedy act.
I'm happy those days are over.
I'm happy he was carrying on with the skates.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Come on.
You think you were pushing the pace at those skates
back in whatever that was?
I'll tell you what.
I'll give you the drill.
It was like a make-a-wish.
Where would you rank yourself in a mid-July Vancouver skate?
Well, here's the thing, too.
Depends if it was right after the weekend or if it was like midweek.
If it was a Monday, poof.
On like a Tuesday.
I'll do the public skate with the chair.
But by Wednesday, I was all right.
I could last the whole practice.
We'd still deal with the passes.
Fair enough.
Morgz, do you have a lady?
We're going to wrap up here.
Anything else you want to talk about specifically?
And I was just going to ask you, do you have a lady right now?
Me?
No, not at the moment.
That's a no.
If you say um.
No.
I can't wait to release this in a few months,
and then you do have a girlfriend,
and then you're getting in trouble for this that's been prerecorded.
It's probably tough in Toronto when you're on the Maple Leafs,
though, I feel for you.
What's going on with you, Biz?
I thought you had a girlfriend last time
I crossed paths with you in Vancouver.
Did you have a girlfriend?
Off and on, off and on, off and on.
It's, uh, yeah.
Biz uses her apartment for internet.
Biz doesn't want to pay for his internet and cable,
so he goes over there for our podcast.
He's actually there right now. I can her no shut the fuck up i'm not at my girls um no but anyway whatever we gotta wrap up being made fun of what were you gonna ask me
didn't you bring a girl to uh pemberton fest that one year yeah that was her that's her
we've been off
and on for like three years that's the same girl yeah she's awesome we just battle we argue about
everything what are you my fucking therapist you want to know everything can i lie down
i'm just asking man yeah yeah what are you fuck are you wearing a wire are you working for us to hire you?
Yeah, he's probably at it. Come on.
Dial it in.
Let's dial it in.
Will you come back on this year mid-season?
Get a little catch up once you're heading towards
maybe a little Norris Trophy action?
Alright.
Sounds good. I'm down.
Maybe we'll do a live one when the Coyotes come to town
and beat the fucking wheels off
the Mayfleet.
Suck my dick, Ryan.
I'm out of here.
See you, buddy.
Love you.
Thank you.
All right.
Talk to you later.
Bye.
That interview was also brought to you by The Ridge.
The Ridge is a minimalist front pocket wallet that helps you reevaluate your everyday carry.
Launched by a father-son team and funded on Kickstarter in 2013, the Ridge now resides in the pockets of over a quarter million men and
women. The RFID blocking wallet is made by two metal plates, either titanium, carbon fiber,
or aluminum, bound together by a durable elastic band. Folks, I have one of these Ridge wallet.
They're fantastic, man. I see people carrying their social security cards around them, old hotel keys, all gobbledygooks like that.
First off, you shouldn't even have your Social Security card
anywhere outside your house.
That's bad news.
Less of all your wallet.
The Ridge Wallet, man, you could put your ID,
a couple of credit cards, just the stuff you need.
Like I say, it's minimalist.
It's got a leather bifold.
The leather bifold's at menus.
They're from the Mad Men era.
They're 1960 stuff.
You want to get rid of that.
The Ridge helps you carry less, but you always have what you need. You don't even know what's in your pocket.
It's so sleek. The design is perfect. Got a couple of metal plates. Again, like I said,
bound together by a durable elastic band. Looks nothing like a traditional wallet. You can get
it in titanium, carbon fiber, aluminum, whatever works best for you. I personally have the titanium
one. I throw a couple of credit cards in there, my ID. I'm good to go.
I love this stuff, all right?
You want to try it out yourself, and you can get 10 off today
with free worldwide shipping.
That's the best part.
So you want to go to ridgewallet.com slash SC.
Again, that's Ridge Wallet.
That's R-I-D-G-E for Ridge.
Ridgewallet.com slash SC.
Use the code SC.
Okay, that's 10 off. Go ahead and get yourself a new RidgeWallet.com slash SC. Use the code SC. Okay, that's 10 off.
Go ahead and get yourself a new Ridge Wallet now.
Big thanks once again to Morgan Riley for joining the show.
He's having a hell of a start to his year.
Hopefully he'll get a little checklist bump here.
He might even tear the league up a little more than he has been.
But some other news, Biz, coming out of Toronto.
Neyland, they're still not signed.
It looks like they might be looking to trade him.
What's the deal here, Biz?
Fill us in.
I don't want to sound too negative on this kid.
I just think that him and his agent, and I think his old man's probably involved a little bit.
They're just overvaluing him a little bit.
If they set the tone by giving him too much money, what do you think Marner's going to do?
What do you think Matthews is going to do?
They need to set the tone by staying firm on this.
Obviously, the organization has said that they're going to take
the team's best offers right now.
I don't know if that's a ploy to maybe just let him know
that they're serious about this in order to play a little bit of a mind game.
But listen, the Leafs are in desperate need
of another defenseman which could potentially put that team over the edge who knows and all of a
sudden this guy was playing on a very fun team with guys he liked in an amazing city and next
thing you know you could end up somewhere you don't like where there was a better defensive
prospect that was going to help the Leafs and the offer came and it was really sweet and they
couldn't turn it up because they can't sign you
to the number that you think you're worth.
And keep in mind, like, he didn't have a horrible playoff last year,
but, like, he hasn't shown anything that he deserves top-tier money.
I mean, like, he doesn't deserve pasta money.
Can we all agree on that?
Probably not yet.
I don't think, like you said, I don't know if he's proved it at that level
where he deserves, you know, upwards of 7 million a year.
Pasta's deal definitely hurts him.
Definitely hurts any argument.
It kills him.
What's Pasta making, 6-6?
No, is it even that much, Grinnelly?
Either way, yeah.
I think Nylander, a fair deal, would have been just over 6.
Get the thing signed for long term.
And hey, if you think
you can go out play that money in the next year or two sign a fucking bridge deal yeah bet on
yourself i bet on yourself here's the thing you know me i i want to see everyone get rich i want
to see them all get paid i hope the kid goes on and makes 80 million million. In my mind, though, if he doesn't play hockey this year, he's a moron.
I mean, or his agent's a moron. I mean, yeah, you're young. So people say, well, this would
be the time to do it. But just a year of development, I mean, a year of making money
just down the drain, it's just more than anything surprising to me. Yeah, he definitely seems reluctant to take a bridge deal, Biz.
And by the way, Pasterer is 6.666666.
He's got one of those deals.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Jesus, Pasterer.
He's got Thay.
A little church lady action.
Yeah, Biz, he doesn't seem like he wants to take a bridge deal.
And it kind of reminds me a little bit of Phil Kessel when he was here in Boston.
And he basically knew he,
he,
well,
he had a value in his head,
what he thought he was worth.
And he really didn't care what team he played for.
He just wanted to get that money.
And I think we may be seeing a similar thing here with Nylander.
At the end of the day,
he's,
he's played three years in the national hockey league.
His first year,
he only played 22 games.
So only two full seasons.
Like,
you know,
I don't mean to sound dramatic about this,
but this could be colossal to his career if he ends up setting out a full year.
And then let's say he gets moved to a team where now he's in a position
where he has to be the offensive guy because he's getting paid
like the offensive guy.
I mean, this guy played quite a bit with Matthews, man.
I mean, he only had fucking 20 goals last year.
That ain't big boy money yet.
Like, we're forgetting here.
Like, his numbers were good.
He had 61 points.
But that ain't coming off your entry-level deal.
You're not getting a seven or above whatever dream boat he's on.
So this is not meant to be negative towards him.
I can't stress that enough.
This just has to be some type of reality check for this kid to
understand you're not worth what you think you're worth. And that's being said by the fact that the
team won't spend it. Yeah, I think, I mean, this hasn't been really hard for Dubas, but Kyle Dubas,
but he obviously shown what you said, Biz, is what he's probably saying to them is I'm not,
you're not breaking the bank because we have plenty of other guys
that it's all going to hopefully fit in line a little bit.
Matthews and Marner are probably going to get more,
but still, if he crushes it like you said, you're screwed.
Guys, if they can't manage that cap and they give Nylander too much
and it sets the tone and everyone's asking for too much,
it falls on one guy, and it's the fucking GM.
And he knows that.
He's got to set the tone now,
and that's why this is happening.
It's unfortunate for the Leafs organization. But, hey, when you draft so well and develop so well,
you're going to eventually have to meet these types of situations.
Sorry to drag this one on, boys.
I just thought that we'll probably see it more in the future too.
Yeah, probably overestimating their leverage a little bit.
Like I said before on the show, the old man did the same thing a couple times he held out a few times but you know what
busy would it could end up doing it a ripple effect it could end up creating a roster space
somewhere and who knows jaylen ramsey might have a team to play for after a little bit of training
i mean you guys saw his passing in one t's not bad i mean we're gonna have to get the dude it
was good what what a beautiful segue there.
I know, that was a great segue.
He looks like just an athlete.
His shot was actually good.
I mean, he's never taken a shot before, right?
Yeah, and I was giving him tips.
So you'd imagine if someone half-decent
was teaching him how to hold the thing,
he would have been a lot better.
He's like, dude, I don't know hockey,
but you don't sound like you know what you're talking about.'s like man he's like you look like an asshole when you're
shooting that book uh but i can't stress enough he was such an amazing guy him and his girlfriend
came uh we had such a blast the the video came out it was just over six minutes long you know i i
it's a it's a little more pg than what i'm used to like i like like to drop f-bombs and i'm a little
more vulgar and stuff that I get
to do. But of course, with the NHL,
it's a little bit PG-13
and more for families, but
hopefully everyone enjoyed it and got
a few laughs out of it. And I'm looking
forward to doing more and hopefully we
can incorporate some more celebrities.
That'd be nice.
Maybe we can get Mikey's
mouse out to a Ranger game or or something he just ran out of
my room boy so i think we think we might be listening to us for long enough he's like get
me the fuck out of here he's my roommate's problem now uh did you guys get to see that
video of pk suban just laying into that guy from colorado hysterical that was that was pretty good
it was the door off right yeah it's the door off he's not terrible though no he's a decent player just laying into that guy from Colorado. Hysterical. That was pretty good.
It was Zdorov, right?
Yeah, Zdorov.
He's not terrible, though.
No, he's a decent player.
It was a great shirt because even if he's not terrible,
people would just die laughing.
You got the audio?
I can't imagine much people out east know who Zdorov is.
He murders people, though.
Kills people.
Killer.
Truck.
Grinnell, you want to play that audio so the listeners can hear it in case they missed it?
I'm a pussy.
You're right.
I wouldn't fight you, but you're a terrible hockey player.
You're not capable for me to watch.
Fuck your heart.
Yeah, so pretty funny stuff there from PK. I mean, he called himself a pussy, but then mushing a guy's face, but you are terrible,
and it's painful for me to watch.
That's some tough stuff to watch. That's fucking,
that's some tough stuff to hear as an opponent, man.
Oh, I've just, I heard so much may, you know, everyone,
you remember when Brad May came on, he told you what he used to tell me.
Holy fuck. How do you skate around with shit in your diaper with me?
So you hear those, you're just like, God damn it.
I wish I was tough as shit. Oh, actually, it's his fists.
Hey, guys, before we go any further,
I wanted to chat with you for a second about Burst.
There's a high fog advisory today at Barstool Sports,
and it's brought to you by Burst E-Liquid.
We're excited to announce our partnership with Burst E-Liquids.
Everyone knows we're big vape guys here at Chicklets,
and thanks to our friends at Burst E-Liquid, great guys.
Their products are the perfect solution for the nicotine crave.
These guys established it in 2015.
Burst E-Liquids has quickly become the most sought-after E-Liquid brand in the country.
And now at Barstool Sports, it's our E-Liquid of choice.
And again, I told you before, I know these guys, the guys who started this company, fantastic people.
So if you're supporting the product, you're supporting some nice guys.
And what they want to do basically is get everybody off of cigarettes.
I mean, people like nicotine, they're going to want to get the fix.
You don't want to smoke cigarettes anymore.
They're gross.
They smell disgusting.
Nobody wants to deal with ashtrays.
Nobody wants to kiss ashtrays.
That's why you want to get on the Burst e-liquid train.
We wouldn't want you to vape anything else.
I'm sorry, Burst is so
satisfying, you'll never even want to smoke cigarettes again. Again, they're disgusting
anyways. Burst e-liquid, it's an award-winning premium e-liquid line with 14 flavors, sure to
make you kiss those cigarettes goodbye forever. Whether you're into rich tobacco flavors, nostalgic
fruit buns, or a chilling menthol, Burst e-liquid is your choice when looking for an all-day vape.
We've tried some of the flavors ourselves, and they're outstanding.
I'm a big strawberry guy myself.
You want to check them out today at vapeburst.com.
You want to go ahead and use the promo code CHICKLETS to get 25 off,
plus free shipping on your order.
That's incredible.
25 off.
Again, use the promo code CHICKLETS at VAPORIST.COM and have a good day.
Boys, this is kind of a side note.
So I went to this party that I was telling you about last night,
and there was this guy there who had the hairiest knuckles I've ever seen in my entire life.
That's a tough look.
I mean, whatever.
He's a fucking manly man, right?
He's a hairy dude.
So it reminded me of this story when I was playing with the Arizona Coyotes.
We used to have the security guard.
When you would walk in the rink, he would always give you the knuckles.
But this guy had the hairiest knuckles, right?
This is going to involve Keith.
This is going to involve Keith Yandel.
Well, he was a part of it, of course, right?
So we always used to give him the knuckles.
But, like, they're so hairy that you had to have noticed how hairy they are
at some point because you'd look to make the knuckles,uckles right you gotta you gotta get eye contact on the knuckle so
assuming that i was the only guy getting knuckled when i was coming in i thought we were like boys
and we had like a special bond well apparently he was knuckling everyone on the way in right
so one day radislav kles is taping his stick in the middle of the room, and he's like, hey, you guys ever get knuckles from the security guard?
That's how Rusty Klesla talks.
And we're all like, oh, yeah, yeah.
And he's like, man, does that guy have hairy knuckles.
So the fucking whole room bursts out laughing
because everybody's getting knuckles by this guy.
And nobody had talked about it, though?
Everybody had obviously noticed it.
That's why the room erupted.
So, like, it was funny because it was in our year
when we were having our playoff run.
Like, it was leading up, so the season was going well.
We were having fun.
And, like, dude, like, in the locker room,
it became a thing where, like, we'd be like,
let's fucking go, boys.
Like, let's do it for Harry Knuckles.
Come on.
Like, let's fucking go.
So we rallied around this guy. He's,'s like the nicest guy in the world too he still works there as the the
security guard when for the away team as you're walking in but he would always knuckle us so sure
enough like obviously that had kind of wore off and it was the next year well the fucking start
of the year halloween party radislav klesa comes in with the fucking security outfit and he's got fucking hairy knuckles like
he obviously taped like a wigs knuckle like the hair on his knuckles and dude if everybody was
in tears when this guy walked in that makes you want to that makes you want to hang out with
klesla oh yeah like obviously yans was was like oh dude he's like i fucking know i noticed that
i'm surprised he gave you that.
Everyone thought they were special, and they were the only one getting knuckles from Harry Knuckles.
But I just figured I'd bring that up and shout out to our boy Harry Knuckles with the Arizona Coyotes organization.
He's a beauty, and he's the man.
Biz, there was a time you were struggling.
You're just like, oh, man, at least I got that guy that, like, I'm his favorite player.
I get his Harry Knuckles, and you find out he gives it to everyone.
You have nothing.
Oh, it's like finding out you switched barbers,
and your barber being pissed.
I felt like he was cheating on me.
I was like, I thought you were my Harry Knuckle guy, Harry Knuckles.
We got to make a movie about Harry Knuckles.
It reminds me of that joke in the 40-Year-Old Virgin.
You're hairier than Robin Williams' knuckle.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That movie's hilarious.
Sorry for pouncing in there with the hairy knuckle story, boys.
I think we did set a record, though.
I've seen hairy knuckle about 20 times now.
One other big story last week, I did a little digging,
and that's to say a reporter did a lot of digging, and I read her story.
Katie Strang of The Athletic, one of the great hockey reporters out there.
She's been around for a long time.
She did a deep dive on the Senators' Uber fiasco last week,
and I thought it was interesting.
I remember, Biz, you asked me, what do you think the guy got paid?
I speculated five figures.
We were all assuming he got paid.
Well, according to this article, reading between the lines,
it seems like this guy was just pissed off.
What? Yeah. This is what this guy was just pissed off. What?
Yeah.
This is what happened, how it transpired.
He took the video.
He uploaded it to the YouTube account.
He sent the YouTube link to the Ottawa Citizen reporters via Twitter.
And here's what's key to this.
He referred to the players as, quote, cheap entitled kids, end quote.
So it sounds like he wasn't satisfied with the tip or lack
thereof for the two mile ride and at the end of the video i didn't catch it but at the end of the
video it ends with him saying fuck you into the camera after being nice to these guys so it sounds
like this fucking driver who by the way had a little bit of a record he'd been arrested a few
times just misdemeanor this is my surprise people are starting to dig up the dirt he had a little bit of a record. He'd been arrested a few times. Just misdemeanor. This is my surprise face. People are starting to dig up the dirt on him, eh?
Exactly.
A little disorderly conduct.
But it doesn't look like anyone fucking paid him.
It looks like he was pissed off.
Wow.
He did this on his own volition, like just suing these guys because, again,
either they didn't tip him or they didn't tip him what he deemed appropriate.
And, by the way, the whole fucking appeal to Uber from the beginning was that
you didn't have to tip.
Well, now they give you the option right and he's probably hearing him blab off about
being professional athletes and the minute he doesn't get that tip he's already got in his mind
he's getting a nice crisp 20 100 i mean keep in mind what was there six six professional athletes
in the car so the minute he doesn't get tipped, dude, it's, yeah, he's going off the rails. I saw that at the end.
I was wondering if that was because they didn't tip him.
I didn't think it was because that would have been.
I thought he was a Coyotes fan.
That would have been, like, usually I kind of forget even at the end,
and then it pops up later, like, on my app, and then I'll be like, oh.
But they obviously had done it right then if that's what he saw
when he dropped that F-bomb.
I love how I don't say the word.
Yeah, right.
Yeah. Oh, honestly'm trying to be better.
Has it been better?
Have I been swearing a lot this episode?
No.
Not at all.
I have been.
No, you haven't either, Biz.
I haven't noticed.
Oh, what did I have to say about the Ottawa thing?
Ah, forget it.
Actually, I think I know what you were talking about.
We'll get to that in one sec.
But basically, I don't know if you noticed,
Duchesne was the only player in the cab to actually give a quote.
He mentioned the apology.
He apologized to the coach.
And then he said, that's all I can really say right now.
So it is possible, and it may still happen,
that they could take legal action for what this guy did.
And again, per Katie Strang in The Athletic,
she said that the NHLPA is, quote,
looking into potential options to address this privacy violation, end quote.
And what's funny is the Sens were actually given a heads up by the reporters
in how do the Senators repay the Ottawa citizen
by not letting the reporter travel with the team anymore.
A little bit of a payback, which sucks for the reporter
because it's not the reporter's decision to run it.
That happens from an editor or higher.
So now they're penalizing this reporter because of what the higher-ups did.
So basically, the driver looks bad.
The players don't look any worse or whatever.
It just looks like this driver was pissed he didn't get a tip he wanted and fucking
sued them online.
The world we live in now.
I think it was maybe a dumb move bringing attention back to the story without letting
the guy on the flight.
That seems to be most people's opinions as well,
just kind of putting gas on the fire.
Once it kind of died down, all of a sudden it's being talked about again
for another full news cycle.
So that's a tough one.
Hopefully they can have some more positive things.
But they have been winning a little bit since it happened.
So maybe we talked about it.
Maybe it sparked the team.
That was their little chicklets bump, I guess.
Yeah.
How about my pick of Toronto on Saturday night on Twitter against the Bruins?
That was a good call.
Did you not know Sparks was starting?
I did, but I just think the Bruins have looked so
that Vancouver game, they looked so bad.
And Toronto had busted up Jersey Friday night.
It's just I'm such a joke.
Boys, I know I stroke off the Arizona Coyotes a lot on this.
I just figured I'd mention a crazy stat with them.
They now have nine shorthanded goals on the season.
Yeah, that's insane.
It's nuts.
It's clicking at better than half the league's power play,
or at least it was coming into tonight's game
where they now beat Washington Capitals 4-1.
So they've been playing some good hockey.
They unfortunately blew the lead the other night in Philly
when they were up 4-2, but nine shorties.
The last two came on the exact same power play for Philly too,
which was even crazier.
And R.A., you want to hop in here?
Yeah, excuse me.
I had a question uh for you wits
did were you playing with jay pandolfo who jay pandolfo won two cups with the devils he's assistant
coach for the bruins now did you know did you know or were you actually in the game it's when
he scored a natural shorthanded hat trick whoa what did he that's insane my next door neighbor
growing up it was the best guy. Mighty Mouse over there piping in.
He's a pro's pro.
I bet you Jay Pandolfo ain't scared of a little mouse.
Yeah, it was November 4th, 1995 versus Northeastern.
He scored three straight goals for BU.
I'm sorry.
I thought it was in the NHL.
He's older than me.
Dude, I scored fucking three shorthanded in Bantam.
I thought we were talking about the show.
No, come on.
I got to the second part of the sentence first.
No, it was versus Northeastern.
Well, that's why I asked Whitney if he played with him then.
I know they didn't play with him.
No, I never played with him.
I never played with him at BU.
He was before me.
Should have been implied, I guess.
Now, saying that, even though it's college, that's still very, very impressive.
That's insane.
I mean, I had a hat trick in college.
Yeah, it wasn't shorthand.
No, you didn't.
Did you?
Yes, I did against Neal.
And another defense on the team, Kevin Schaefer,
Rob Scuderi's brother-in-law, actually.
He had one also.
I think it was the first time two BU defensemen have ever had a hat trick
in the same deal.
Oh, yeah.
Same game.
I already said deal because I'm going, not a big deal.
Well executed. I said deal too deal because I'm going, not a big deal. Well executed.
I said deal too early because I was so fired up.
Biz, can we get into, for everyone that's listening right now,
we have a big thing going on with Budweiser,
and even R.A. Grinelli and myself don't know what's going on.
So, Biz, can we hear all about what our deal is?
Boys, it's Selly season.
I talked a little bit about the campaign they're running through us,
and we're going to start it off by just talking about, so far this year,
the best Sellys in the league.
And, of course, as the campaign runs on, we're going to do more fan interaction,
more engagement on social media with everyone.
They will be giving out prize.
We have the Budweiser light, the goal light,
which I'll be giving away mine,
which was sent to me actually by Wayne Glensky.
He sent me it for the last campaign there they did with Budweiser.
I believe the guys who  Oli and something,
the guys from Calgary who do the stuff with the
nhl you guys got to help me out here with the bench guys be on the bench guys they were actually
in the commercial as well so uh this is gonna be the selly season campaign um we're gonna debate
today though as i said we're gonna debate which ones have been the best celebration so far this
year uh i'm gonna tee you guys up to me I think it's been when Kane and Matthews,
well, Matthews kind of mocked the Showtime celebration,
and then sure enough, Kane right after scored,
and he fucking went right back at Matthews with his own celebration
and got the crowd going.
What did you guys think about that one?
It was great stuff.
I mean, it was dramatic theater, and there was no vindictiveness to it.
They were kind of laughing about it.
I mean, as competitive as they were being, it was a fun element to it.
My pick, I think it may have been preseason, but nonetheless, it was great,
was Ryan Johansson's walk-off right through the Zamboni doors, ends the game.
Boys open the door, we're fucking out of here, and he's screwed that way.
I think that was my favorite so far thus far.
I think Budweiser Canada would agree with you on
that one. That was one of the ones that got brought up on the
phone call to pitch this campaign
of course. Do you think
it's tough because it's
preseason and not as much
as on the table even though it was an unbelievable
celebration by Johansson? Or Johansson
I should say? It doesn't take away from the fact
of how good the celly was.
It's just that it won't get remembered.
You know,
I think long,
long after this year,
just because it was a preseason game that just,
it just changes like how famous it'll be in people's mind,
I guess,
or how,
how easily people remember it.
But Matthew's going back to the other one.
Matthew's has made it clear.
He's he loved the last year with the goal point when he scored,
like the ref, that unreal picture.
He's had some classic ones.
So, yeah, that was definitely the top one this year, though.
Oh, and that one was a little petty, too,
because they called off a goal just before that.
So, he's basically right in the ref's kitchen saying,
hey, is this one all right?
Does that one count?
Yeah.
Any other ones you could think off the top of your head, Grinnell?
This season that you've seen so far?
Well, what's cool is with the Spittin' Chicklets Instagram,
ever since that Ryan Johansson goal happened,
we've been getting a ton of Selly's DM to us of people doing
what they're calling the Ryan Johansson,
which is scoring the game winner and getting right off the ice.
We got one the other day from the Maine Mariners of the ECHL,
and lo and behold, the guy scores the game winner,
gets right off the ice, the whole team follows him.
It's pretty crazy, the trend that Johansson started.
Okay, so now I guess my question to you is,
much like a pizza review, what would you rank?
We're going to do both Matthews celebrations.
We're going to bring it back because that was a good blast from the past, Witt.
What would you rank them out of 10 Selly season lights,
the Budweiser Canada lights, the goal ones?
What would you rank that out of 10, Witt?
You can go with both Matthews and then Johanssens.
Wow.
I'm going to go the one this year with Kane.
I'm kind of a tough, tough judger, grader.
I'm going to go.
That was a 7.8.
Last year's goal point, that's an 8.7, 8.6.
And I believe, notice we're going pizza review decimal points.
Decimal?
Bulls?
Stay hot.
Either way,
the third one is
what was the third one?
Johansson's?
That's right in the mid-eights
for me as well. Maybe 8.2
just because it was preseason.
You're putting the point above all of them? I just because it was preseason. Whoa, whoa.
You're putting the point above all of them?
I'm putting the point as the top one, yes.
The best-selling.
Okay.
Well, in terms of those three, yeah, the point was just perfect timing,
perfect execution. I mean, Budweiser Canada would probably agree with you because it's in Canada
and Leafs and everything and that tie-in.
All right, let's get an unbiased opinion from you.
Unbiased.
The Kane celebration, you know, as cool as it was,
you got to probably take a little bit of points off for originality
because he's, you know, basically he's taking the other guy's move.
I gave that a 7.2.
The one from last year was, you know, pretty decent, 7.8.
I like the Joe Hanson one, man.
I think it was just the finality of it.
Like, it was a game winner.
The game's over.
So that gets a little bit of a bump on my end.
I gave that an 8.2 for Joey's goal for celebration.
Yeah, considering it started a bit of a viral trend,
and that's the whole purpose of this Budweiser Canada campaign
and the whole Selly season.
And, by the way, when we're going to be engaging with our fans
and doing this, it's Selly, so C-E-L-L-Y.
And all these kids are spelling season S-Z-N.
So you don't have to spell it season.
It's like the Johnny Menzel thing.
Do you guys know what I'm talking about?
Ass-eating season.
Yeah, like ass-eating season, but not that because Budweiser Canada
is probably not going to be happy we dropped an ass-eating comment
in their ad.
But no, so I'm going to give the Johansson one an 8.9 on the goal lights.
And then I'm going to give it just below at the Matthews and Kane
just because of the theatrics.
I'm going to give it just below at the Matthews and Kane, just because of the theatrics. I'm going to give that an 8.6.
And then the Matthews goal point, just I'm not a big petty guy, you know.
So I'm going to give that just a flat 8 on that one, 8.0.
But what I'm going to ask from all you fans in order to win these goal lights
is I want you guys to tweet us your best or your favorite
celebrations from the season from your favorite players on your favorite teams
that we're probably not bringing up in this conversation.
I want you to tag tag Sally season.
I want you to tag Budweiser Canada,
and I want you guys to write which one and even send the video of the,
of the Sally from them.
And we're going to pick a few of the winners.
We're going to send some, some spit and chiclet swag we're going to send some budweiser uh canada swag
and of course we're going to pick a couple lucky winners who are going to win the the goal light
and then as this campaign keeps going we're going to we're going to up the ante we're going to be
talking about different celebrations and we're going to be offering some better prizes. So keep in mind, there's only a few goal lights.
Don't tweet me that you should have won because you had a better thing.
Listen, we've got to pick a couple, and that's how she rolls.
But thank you to Budweiser Canada for jumping on board,
and we're excited to get involved in Selly's season with you guys
and engage our fans.
I think we'd be remiss if we didn't mention our friend of the program,
Johnny Walker's rowboat celebration.
I know it's late edition, but I know he's not in the NHL yet,
but he, he, he kept a little momentum going, went down the ice road,
his ass, like he was doing either a kayak or a rowboat.
Fantastic celebration.
How many, how many, how many points would you give it?
How many goal lights?
Oh, fuck, man.
Jeez, I know it's been done before.
He wasn't completely original, but I still got to go a 9.1 for that, man.
That was just a fantastic move.
Do they penalize you for that in college, Grinelli?
Well, they can't because it was an OT winner.
Ah, there you go.
You know, before we go, Whit, the back story on it was the fact
that some guy who scored for the
other team got a little cocky
in his celebration, and that's when Johnny
Walker looked over to his teammate and said,
we're going to fucking score.
I think he said he was
going to go either bench and do it, but
obviously when things happen, the wires
cross, and he went a little crazy and
ended up doing it right to the student section.
Johnny Walker, his name is just, talk about a money name,
especially for hockey.
Just sounds like such a veteran.
He's only in college.
He must be crushing it.
ASU.
All right, boys, that was, all right, do you have something?
I just wanted to talk to you guys for a second about hymns.
Guys, you know, sexual performance issues.
We talk about a lot of things on the show, and that's another one we like to talk about,
although guys don't usually like too often because, you know, over 25 of new ED cases are guys under 40.
It's kind of a big deal.
That's not what we usually say here.
40 of men by age 40 struggle from not being able to get and maintain a woodrow,
and HIMSS is here to fix that.
You know, even the world's greatest actor can't fake one.
Guys, do turn to some weird solutions or not at all when you can turn to medicine and science.
That's what 4hims.com is for.
It's a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care, and sexual wellness for men.
You know, there's all well-known generic equivalents out there.
It's a brand name prescriptions to help you combat ED. And that's what HIMS is for. No snake oils, no gas station supplements,
none of that garbage that you're putting in your body. Best part too is no waiting room,
no doctor visits, no nurses coming in to check your blood pressure, none of that garbage.
You save hours of time at 4hims.com. It's so easy. You answer a few questions,
chat with a doctor confidentially, the products get shipped directly to your door so nobody knows if you have a little issue.
None of anybody's business.
ED is not just an issue for rich old guys in bathtubs.
It affects guys in their 30s and 40s.
Not embarrassing about it. You can fix it with HIMS.
Being your best means performing your best.
It's erectile without the dysfunction.
Or as they say, hard made easy.
Say hello to your little friend.
So try HIMS for a month today for just 5.
We'll get you started for just 5 while supplies last.
See the website for full details.
This would cost hundreds if you went to the doctor or a pharmacy.
Not at 4HIMS though.
Go to 4HIMS.com slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey.
4hims.com slash hockey.
Second, I just want to give a shout out to the American women.
They beat the Canadian women in the Four Nations Cup, 5-2 Saturday night.
They've beaten, well, of course, they beat them in one of the greatest Olympic games ever back in the winter.
So shout out to the American women, 5-2 victory over Canada.
They've won six of the last eight Four Nation Cups.
So we want to give the ladies a shout-out for continuing to dominate
our neighbors from the north on the ice.
Rub it in, boys.
You guys got three Americans I'm dealing with here.
Boys, to go back to Selly season, another thing, too,
is we'll be posting an Instagram video describing,
you know,
what prize you can win and what exactly we're looking for you.
And the best comment on the Instagram post is also going to win a prize.
So look out for that.
Hashtag Selly season.
Looking forward to engaging with all our fans and,
and giving you guys some cool stuff.
Yeah,
that's,
that's going to be money.
Selly season's on.
Go ahead. Oh, I was going to be money. Selly season's on. Go ahead.
Oh, I was going to say, speaking of goals,
the goalies, ones who are letting these ones in,
there have been some noise about them complaining
about the smaller equipment.
And Kevin Weeks had a very interesting tweet.
If you don't mind reading it for me, Grinelli,
and if you're not ready for it,
I'll keep talking about the situation. long story short is you know these players shots are getting
harder and harder and they're they're asking these these guys to shrink the gear up because
they want to entertain fans with more goals now this brings up a massive debate and it's going
to keep happening until either or is addressed uh do they make the Nets bigger?
And my first opinion would be like every other record has been shattered
if they change anything.
There's got to be an asterisk.
I mean, I know I see you shaking your head, R.A.
You seem like more of a traditionalist than me.
Would you agree with what I'm saying?
I don't think they should shrink the Nets.
I think that's just too
No, no, no.
They would make them bigger. I'm sorry. I'm looking at the should shrink their nets. I think that's just too  No, no, no. They would make them bigger.
I'm sorry.
I'm looking at the equipment they're shrinking.
Mini nets.
How are you?
Actually, I did read a story.
The NHLPA once polled their goaltenders.
Would you prefer bigger nets or smaller equipment?
And it was unanimous.
Every goalie said they wanted small
they preferred smaller equipment to larger nets.
And I think, yeah, I think you're almost like rebooting the game
when you're giving a net that big.
Go ahead, Grinnell.
You've got Kevin Weeks' tweet.
So, yeah, I have Kevin Weeks' tweet right here, and he says,
per what's been reported as prototype smaller catch glove
that's in discussion for next season, it's not opinion.
I speak from factual science and experience.
Last time the NHL reduced diameter by only three inches to 45 inches.
Me, Brodeur, and Kolig needed surgery for ruptured bicep tendons.
I don't know what the measurements exactly meant.
He might have sent out the wrong measurement because the three inches
to 45, I don't know what that means.
Maybe goalies do.
But that's a goalie talking
with first-hand experience.
What do you think? I was with him
last week.
Who took one in the collarbone?
Markstrom took one in the collarbone.
It was in the shootout.
Also, another tender took one on a
complete muffin.
Just a wrist shot. In weeks, he was
flipping out. He's like,
somebody's going to get really hurt.
This is a joke.
And a lot of the goalies are pissed off.
So, I mean, when safety is involved and then they're trying to get the goal scoring on the other end,
it is kind of a vicious, touchy subject just because where do you go from here?
I am someone that firmly is against making the nets bigger.
I don't like that idea.
I'm with you, Biz, that
it changes the entire history of the game.
No numbers mean anything. Other people
who argue say, who gives a shit? It's about
product and current day. Records are made
to be broken. But I don't know. For me,
I'm a naturalist. Is that the word?
I'm old school. I want the Nets
the same size. I like how they're the same size.
It's back when Bobby Orr was skating around and same with Eddie Shore.
The net was always the same size.
So keep it the same size.
And goalies, I do actually feel horrible if somebody gets hurt.
So they got to figure something out.
I don't know.
I have nothing to say.
I have no really answers.
Right, and that's why I brought it up.
I feel like the NHL is in such a tough spot with this
because there is no right answer.
Either way, you're going to get yelled at by one side.
I sympathize for goalies if they have to wear smaller gear
because at the end of the day,
are records and asterisks more important than people's health?
And that's not an over-exaggeration.
These guys are just eating pucks in their collarbone. I mean Weeksy and and the other guy I forgot the name
he mentioned in the tweet but you know these guys had to get surgery and deal with pain and rehab
just based off smaller smaller gear in order to help entertain fans but in the meantime in order
to help grow the game people want to see more offense and more goals and I know there's some
people out there saying no like, like it's fine.
Like a 2-1 game's fine.
Good goaltending.
Right.
But in order to grow it, and this is a business, I mean,
something at some point has to bend or break,
and it's going to be a very difficult decision to make,
and ultimately not everyone's going to be happy about it.
So that's why I figured I'd bring it up.
Yeah, just to let listeners know, in case they weren't,
it was this season they made, they streamlined is the word they use,
they streamlined chest and arm pads,
and they want the equipment to be tighter to the body.
So it's basically they want the goalie to make the save
rather than the equipment to make the save.
In other words, just positionally, a guy's pad is going to be out there,
but they want these pads closer to the body
so that basically the goalie has to do more work to make a save. And
there was a big score and boost earlier in the year, but that has tapered off a bit.
I think that was just, you know, kind of happens early in the year. A lot of teams are scoring,
but it seems like things have kind of regressed back to the mean scoring wise. But I think goalies
are always going to, you know, want as much pads as they can get. I mean, that's, you know,
there's top in the pocket. You're going to give them another wrench or two on their pads.
By all means, they're going to get pissed if you take it away.
Yeah, maybe we can actually get a goalie, a current guy on,
who could come on and really explain the situation.
I don't know if they want to.
Maybe right now they're trying to keep things low
and figure it out with the PA and stuff, but we'll see.
We'll see.
All right, so we got nothing else, right, boys?
Well, I was just going to bring up a quick subject.
I don't think this has ever been mentioned,
but does Brett Hall remind you of like the John Daly of hockey?
And I would say a way more decorated career.
But I feel like he's the one guy that everybody would pick.
Like I want to drink and have that guy tell hockey stories to me.
And I know we've been talking about him a shit ton on the podcast
because there is a lot of funny stories about him.
But do you get that kind of vibe from him?
I don't know.
I think of John Daly, and I think of, like, more of how much of a mess he is.
I know he would say anything, and he was hilarious, and people love him.
But, I don't know, I think more of Brett Hall is just, like, funny.
But I don't think of him as, like, D brett hall is just like funny um and but i i
don't think of him as like daily is like battling like all this other shit i don't know that's just
my initial thought but i do think that they remind me in terms of they don't give a fuck right
brett hall brett hall everyone already kind of knew how much of a legend he was but the stories
we've gotten in the past couple months now people are just fiending for him so i'll be interested to
see what he thinks when he finally comes on
and I can tell him that you called him John Daly-ish.
Well, and that's the thing too is it wasn't meant as an insult.
It was meant of more the positive aspects of the fact that everyone
just thinks he's a legend and wants to sit and have a beer with him.
I'm not going to lie, boys.
I'd rather have that as a compliment than like, oh, he was a sick player.
Obviously, he had that decorated career that was, I would say,
far superior than John Daly's as a PGA golfer.
But just the overall aura about him off the ice is similar to John Daly's
where you hear about all these legendary stories,
and you don't even know if they're fully true, but who cares?
There's definitely a lot of similarities, Biz but i i agree with wits there are some i guess darker elements to daily i mean you know
i think he's had mentioned addiction issues and it was that time he was basically had to leave the
course because he had the shake so bad there's been some stories with daily that aren't always
that happy and cheery whereas with brett hell they always seem to be funny and revolving around having a good time.
Yeah, I hope people don't take that in the negative context
because I meant it all in a positive way of how big of a legend he is.
So, oh, hey, and people are going to think I brought that up
just to drop the story in.
I ended up going on a date with Paulette Daly,
one of John Daly's ex-wives when I was playing here
with the Arizona Coyotes.
Well, it was Phoenix Coyotes at the time.
And, oh, boy.
I'll give her like a 9.7 goal lights from the Selly season
on the crazy bracket.
Just a complete gamer?
No, no, no, no.
Not like that.
Just like the date didn't go well.
I mean.
The hell of a segue to get to that, huh?
Yeah, I know.
Oh, that's beautiful.
But they obviously weren't together.
And I don't know what number wife that was either.
So when you can't figure out how many number wives you've had,
you probably have to stop getting married.
People I see get married like let alone twice,
let alone five times.
Are you kidding me?
How fucked up do you have to be to get married five times?
Whatever.
Yeah, it's a little wacky.
All right.
Well, before we finish this episode,
we're kind of going to get into a little, I mean,
I guess it's a little different, get a little bit more serious,
but we're recording on obviously Sunday night,
which is Veterans Day.
I think that we would be remiss and we would be foolish to not,
to not talk about the veterans and kind of what they mean to us.
Biz also is today or tomorrow Remembrance Day in Canada?
Yes. On Monday. Correct.
Okay. So, all right. So I think we have veterans. They'll be
observed tomorrow, but either way, Canadian and American veterans. I just wanted to kind of say
how much we appreciate and we think of you and we're honored that occasionally, not only that
occasionally we hear about some veterans who listen or enjoy this show, but more than anything,
what they do. I mean, these are people that put their lives on the line
to protect our freedoms and the way we live,
and they've dedicated their entire lives to our country, the U.S., and Canada,
and they deserve just to be thought of and recognized and be talked about.
And personally, I just had two guys that I wanted to quickly bring up
that I met through good friends of mine that now they've become,
I'd like to say they're good friends.
And they'll kill me.
They'll be so furious.
I bring this up on today.
And I think everyone out there knows people that they want to be able to talk about.
And these guys can be pissed off at me, but they deserve it because they both are heroes. And the first guy is a guy, um, hell of a guy, Chris Peltier.
He went to Bowdoin with my buddy, Chris Donley. They became great friends.
This kid actually went to Bowdoin and broke the freshman scoring record. He got 20 tucks
his freshman year at Bowdoin. So he was a very good player. And ironically enough, I'll get into what he did.
He ended up becoming a Navy SEAL, worked in Boston.
He actually played a little pro hockey the year after, you know,
after he was done in Bowdoin in the CHL, I believe.
And he worked five years in Boston for a consulting firm.
And this kid is a badass.
You know, these people that we talk about, all you guys are the baddest people alive. You really are. And after
five years working in Boston, he said, fuck this. I'm going to be a Navy SEAL. And that that's,
I mean, just to say that at, you know, around 30 years old, um, he went and he joined the Navy.
And if he didn't become a SEAL, he was going to be a 30 year old, uh, living on a boat in the Navy and the, you know, in the regular Navies, but he,
he made it. Um, he went on, he, he did two tours, um, a true, a true hero, you know,
talking about him. I think, you know, it makes me, it makes me emotional. He did a tour, um,
in Afghanistan. I think the second one was in Iraq by Syria. And just a true hero and somebody
that I think we should all recognize and someone that when their friends talk about him, they can't
say enough good things. He's loyal. He's exactly what you would hope you could get in a friend,
but he's so modest and selfless. And I'm very proud to be able to call him a friend myself.
So the second guy I want to talk about, another true hero is John Moynihan.
He's a Boston police officer now. Kid went to college for a couple of semesters, said this
isn't for me. Joined the army, became an army ranger, did at least one tour in Iraq. I know
that for sure. When that ended his service, he became a Boston police officer. He joined the gang unit. And that was until March
15th or in March in 2015. I don't know the exact day. I should. That's on me. We'll get that by the
end of this. He was shot in the face by a maggot who was then killed by other police officers.
He's now rotting in hell. I hope to God he's rotting in hell at least. John Moynihan survived this. He not only survived
this, he's now back working. He's back with the Boston police. He is as bad as they come. He's
a hero to me. I think of him and just seeing him last night, it'd been a while. It was so nice to
see him and let him know what I always tell him, what I always tell him, what I think about him is, is that I can't thank him enough for everything, everything he's done.
And, you know, after after the incident that happened, he's come back.
He's now on the fugitive task force with the Boston police.
And those are the people that go after the people who skip out and bail and have felony warrants.
It's scary shit. And it just shows.
I mean, this guy, you get shot in the face.
You retire for you. You don't I mean, you get paid forever.
You don't have to do a thing again.
You shouldn't have to, right?
But he wanted to come back.
He's full time again on the Boston Police.
So that's another guy that you think of on a day like this.
And you thank God that we have people like that that are out there doing things for us.
So I want to say thank you to everyone out there.
I wish I could speak more eloquently about this stuff.
You did great.
And I have a tough time with that kind of stuff too.
I'm proud of you, buddy.
That was pretty nice.
It's hard to describe what they mean to me and all you guys.
I wish I could better, but those two are heroes.
And they'll be pissed off at me, like I said,
but they deserve to be mentioned and they always will.
And I want to piggyback on what you said, Whit.
I actually have a Vietnam veteran about 25 feet from me right now.
My father-in-law served over there.
I had an uncle who served over there.
He didn't come home right either.
He struggled with a lot of problems like a lot of guys did over there.
He lost his life early, indirectly, through to Vietnam.
I had a grandfather who served in the Pacific in World War II.
I actually have a great, great uncle. He was buried
at Arlington National Cemetery.
He was among the first soldiers and sailors
that were killed overseas to be buried at Arlington
National. He was killed on the USS Maine
in 1899.
I have some veterans in the family, and this
is a day we reflect on that stuff.
These guys are the reason we're able
to do this silliness and get paid for it.
To talk about hockey and have all these great freedoms up
in Canada as well.
And Remembrance Day, it's not a day we say happy Veterans Day,
but just everybody should acknowledge it, you know,
should reach out to a veteran in their life and just say, you know,
hey, thanks for what you did because there's so many of them out there.
And I just wanted to correct you.
Remembrance Day in Canada was Sunday.
Okay. I just had to look that. Remembrance Day in Canada was Sunday. Okay.
I just had to look that up and correct anyone for who was tweeting.
And I want to say that John Moynihan, the day he was shot,
it was March 27, 2015.
He then rejoined his men's league hockey team in the summer of 2016.
Just a little over a year, he's back out playing again.
He still plays.
He's a complete legend.
So we could officially give him the hashtag hockey guy.
He's a hockey guy to the T.
And Chris Peltier, he also, a little cool caveat about him,
like I told you, he was a sniper.
He broke that freshman scoring record.
He then, when he got and became a Navy SEAL,
they made him a Navy SEAL sniper, which is super elite.
It's like the guy in American Sniper.
I believe his name is Kyle.
Shit.
It's Chris Kyle.
Chris Kyle.
Chris Kyle.
Fucking A.
I'm disgusted.
I'm not cutting that out.
Chris Kyle.
So that just shows it's pretty cool.
A kid could snipe and snipe and hockey.
And obviously he's an incredible shooter in the Navy.
So, yeah, yeah,
I mean,
all,
all of you out there,
thank you so much.
We could never thank you enough.
And I think it's a good way to end and this week's episode,
we've had a lot of hiccups.
I can't wait to see Grinnelly's most.
We're talking about,
by the way,
we're talking about these guys,
these absolute warriors and Grinnelly's screech screeching about a little mouse.
It's a bad look or now we still,
we still,
we love you as well. And I just want to, uh, yeah, obviously well said Yeah, it's a bad look, Grinnell. We still love you as hell.
And I just want to, yeah, obviously, well said, Witt.
R.A., that's very nice of you to say.
And, Witt, you're pretty well-spoken with that stuff.
I know what you mean.
You're not that polished, but I thought you did a great job.
Yeah, I guess if I really wrote something down,
because I've done decent at wedding speeches,
but there I go off the rails, too.
I just, I don't know.
I just love talking about these guys.
I want to do them right.
You know, it's like, I have no pressure on myself.
These guys, I want to sound,
sound like I'm really giving them the credit they deserve.
So I'm on the Eagles tonight to end this,
the games both start and I'm down so much money.
So pray for wit and pray for all the veterans and the current people that are serving our
two great countries. Peace out. Also looking forward
for everyone joining Selly's season and
staying involved and engaged with us
on social media. Corneli will be running
everything through the social media
but we'll be posting that Instagram
video wanting to hear what you
guys think is the best celebration
of the year so far. We want you
to rate it. We want you to tag Budweiser Canada,
and we want you to tag, or what do you call it?
Hashtag Selly Season. And I feel the flame Yeah, yeah What I got, full stop
Of thoughts and dreams that scatter
When you pull them all together
And I can't explain
