Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 126 of Spit and Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to the crew this evening.
Let's start off with our buddy Ryan Whitney, just came off a long ride down in Dirty Jersey.
What's up brother?
How are you?
Doing alright, doing alright.
Next out to the Dirty Desert, I was listening to this fella Saturday night,
do his radio call versus my broans, he did a fantastic job per usual.
Biz Nasty, Paul Bissonnette, what's up buddy i'm no jack edwards but uh i did okay oh dude you i would love for you guys to do a game together that'd be good shit hey quickly um so i tried
to do it but how do you time it with the game you i couldn't but i was watching how could you
listen to that i just said you know it's actually about a two-minute drag.
It's quite a delay.
So I was just watching the game live and just kind of listening to Biz
just because he's Biz.
I wanted to hear his take.
So I wasn't listening to him.
Oh, I know, but it was so behind the play.
Sorry, Biz, I couldn't do it for you.
Oh, no, buddy, I hear you.
I wouldn't even listen to me anyway.
Last but not least, Mighty Mouse himself, Mikey Granelli, our producer.
What's up, bud?
What's up, boys? All right. I i love the uh spitting chiclets team sold a bunch of merch this uh past week so
i'm pretty excited about it some dirty sweaters do it how about how about tommy smokes making
fucking saturday night live was that outrageous saturday night live riffing on barstool sports
too crazy yeah that's that's big for barstool um also ra before we get going on hockey talk here you uh you kind of uh influenced me a little bit to get on the instagram live last night
oh yeah you're pretty good at that and then you post the video but i uh i was uh i was having a
good time i didn't post the live video after so this is more of like a hey if you're around and
you you happen to catch me on the live
you catch it and that's it oh so you can all right you made it so people could see it for
what like a day i think yeah the 24 hours yeah because it was it's fun man i was you know i had
a few cocktails having a little spliff i was having fun i thought the questions were good i
listened to it i was like you know there's nothing regretful here people seem to enjoy that one wasn't that bad it was just like yeah that was the whole point yes christ all right gonna take a jay break and do a q and a
q and j i called it i will say it's a fun way to interact with the fans and i don't have all day
to answer those dms and and they're getting backed up so i like i didn't mind doing that and i will
say this all these kids were
just laying into me all of them like 10 year old kids just chirp me like chirp my nose like really
oh buddy i was at in and out so like they're like where are you at and i'm like in and out
and then i showed them my burger and then like i got answering some questions and then like one
kid's like are you gonna eat your Like, they call you out on anything.
And it's kind of funny.
I'm pissed that you didn't put that up.
I would have wanted to see that.
It is busy.
I saved it.
I can send it to you.
But Trevor Gretzky jumped on, and I was like, oh, Gretz.
I was like, Gretz, you want me to tell everyone about all the after hours you used to have at your old man's place when I was playing for the Yotes?
And he was texting our other buddy, and a few of my old teammates hopped on.
It was funny.
So how many people,
can you see how many people were watching you at one point?
Yeah, just under a thousand came on
during my like four or five minutes.
So it's just 900 just pigeons out there
and they're just chirping you,
just giving it to you.
It was a biz roast.
It's incessant biz.
If you put anything online,
if it's like a picture of your fucking living room,
they'll find like a piece of dust or like a ring from a drink three months
ago.
Like you're going to get called off.
I will say this.
Nobody went over the line.
There was,
I don't like the humor when they say something like personal where you're
like,
buddy,
you don't fucking know me like that.
They kept it.
It's like each other though.
You know,
exactly.
So it was,
it was fun. It was a good experience and I'll and i'll keep doing it randomly once in a while so we can get to the
hockey talk i just wanted to drop that so thank you for your inspiration all right oh no problem
my pleasure and jumping on what you said too and anyone who has sent me a dm list like i apologize
if i haven't gotten back to people those things just fucking pile up so uh if it's important to
hit me up on twitter you'll get me quicker there.
I'm pretty sure both you guys will answer a DM if some kid writes you a message
with a picture of some smoke as his avatar.
So if you're listening out there, some 14-year-old wants to talk to Biz,
put just a rocket launcher as your picture.
He'll answer you right away.
Shut up.
Motherfucker.
I don't do that anymore.
That's funny.
Moving on to more important matters.
Hockey, while we're all here, there was a trade since the last show.
I guess it's kind of a mutual change of scenery trade.
Peter Chiarelli sent Ryan Strom to the Rangers.
In return, he brought back Ryan Spooner.
So I guess in a roundabout way, Chiarelli turned Jordan Eberle
into Ryan Spooner, if you want to look at it that way.
Both guys, I'd say, struggling a little bit this year spooner had a goal and an assist in 16 games with the rangers he's got one more year left on his deal at a four million dollar cap hit a deal
which the rangers gave him after they acquired him from the bruins at the deadline last year
um let's take a look strom has only got one goal and assisted 18 games same numbers he's got one
more year left at this season a 3.1 million cap hit i guess spoon wasn't fitting it with
quinney system but what you take on this one which you played up in edmonton uh yeah i mean
i guess it's sort of similar to the trade we had last week of uh pearson for haggling i mean you
know obviously the the the ages ages are certainly a little different,
but still it just seems like a couple of guys who have been now on,
I think this is their third team for both of them, right, if I'm not correct.
I believe that is true.
I mean, they're looking to find a spot where they can fit in.
It seems like Spooner, I thought when he was on the Bruins man he had some games he was nasty I always liked him and then he I don't know if he
never really fit in or there was always some sort of beef with him and Julian and whatever wherever
it may be but you know and the Rangers it's the same it's the same exact instance if you're looking
at at Strom who you know went in the Eberly deal and now he's back, you know, in the New York area.
So, I mean, I don't really know if you're going to expect or
I don't think you should expect to see anything really different
from what they've shown unless maybe they find some magic.
Maybe someone gets the McDavid.
You know, that always helps.
So, we'll see.
Yeah.
I mean, if you look at their hockey DB very similar as far as far as how they came in
and how they started to elevate their play as far as point production is concerned
and then the last couple years they've just both just can't seem to find the back of the net um
just point production has gone down drastically um guys i didn't have a chance to watch spooner
much when he's playing in b. I focused more on out west.
I mean, a little bit more on Strom because just because they're Ontario boys
and stuff.
But, I mean, yeah, this is just a classic shakeup of, hey,
it's not working out for either of these guys in either situation
and a little bit of a switcheroo.
Although I did hear Stromer was playing well in edmonton for them other than
the point production uh and just you know i think it's just a as i mentioned a classic uh switcheroo
ski it's two guys who are skilled right i mean they both have proven that they're high skilled
players it just shows it's so hard to get points in the nhl you think of the superstars we're always
talking about
and that you see the highlights of, but for so many guys,
to be a consistent point scorer is just
I mean, there's only a select few that can do it.
So guys that are drafted and expected to do that,
sometimes it just doesn't work out.
We end up being a top scorer, and then those people then need
to change their game, be able to be a third liner,
and that's what's going to keep them in the NHL.
Some guys aren't willing to do it. Some guys can't do it.
Like they don't, you know, have the skills or the makeup to do it,
but that's what happens for a lot of guys. And then it's up to you.
Are you going to change and become, listen,
you're not going to be a top two line guy or a top guy in the NHL.
Can you be a third line guy? And maybe that's what these guys run into.
I mean, I don't know.
They've certainly shown they can beat high-level scorers at times.
That's a great point, Witt, as far as adjusting and taking a lesser role
but adding to other areas.
A classic example and a guy who was interviewed recently about it
was Brad Richardson for the Arizona Coyotes.
He just played his 700th game a few games ago,
and I think he had over 40 goals in junior.
And then he came into the league with Colorado,
and he's putting up decent amounts of points,
but it got to a point where he was like,
I need to add other things to my bag because now all of a sudden
I'm not a power play guy.
And to get points five on five nowadays is extremely difficult.
Fuck, I can't even talk like normal but uh but he's done an incredible job of like adjusting to being
an a great pk guy a great face-off guy adding a little bit of nastiness to his game as far as
his compete level uh once in a while he scraps but but he he competes like a bastard and and
now he's getting one ways till he's blue in the face.
I mean, he'll make a million, million and a half.
And if guys want to stick around the league,
once they're tailing off as far as the offensive output,
you need to start adding other things to your bag.
And if you're not willing to adjust,
you're going to soon find yourself over in Europe.
We didn't add anything to our bag, Biz.
We were just done.
You started stuttering there when you started talking
about top two lines.
When you were mentioning scores,
you can't even say it.
All right, R.A., what else we got?
What else we got?
To follow up what you said, Biz, when he was in Boston,
he was behind Krejci and Bergeron.
He was basically the third center, but he was defensively deficient.
He wasn't really perfect.
He wasn't really great for the third center role here.
And, you know, he would  like Biz said  I'm sorry, Witt said,
he did very well in a lot of games, but he wasn't suited.
He wasn't physically built for like a third center role,
and he just couldn't find  he was like a square peg in a round hole
on the clode.
And then he was getting, I think, 17 minutes of ice with the Rangers
at the end of last season.
But once David Quinn come in, his ice went down to about 10 minutes a game,
and the writing was on the wall for him.
So hopefully he'll pan out a little better at Edmonton.
Meanwhile, speaking of the Bruins, banged up squad right now.
They played in Arizona Saturday night.
There's the game you called.
They lost Patrice Bergeron.
Friday night he got hurt in Dallas.
He got taken hot into the boards by Radek Foxa.
Yeah, Radek Foxa.
Thankfully, it wasn't his head.
It looked like he banged up his shoulder.
Zidane O'Chara also got hurt.
He's going to get looked at in a month.
So the Bruins are missing six defensemen in Bergeron.
What did you think of that hit, Whitney?
Did you think that Foxa should have let up on him or
was that finishing his hit what was your take on that
it looked like once they fell over
there was nothing much you could really do
maybe he finished him a little hard
but nothing to warrant
like
talk of a suspension or anything
maybe on the edge of
playing a little dirty
playing against one of the better players and trying to take them out hard.
But that was just bad luck.
I mean, that injury  I bet against the Bruins in Phoenix.
I took Dallas, too.
I won that.
And I was like, they can't win with all these guys out.
And that win in Phoenix, Halak was sick.
So, fucking Bruins.
Fuck me.
A few other injury roundup.
We'll keep everybody in the loop here.
Vasilevsky,
goaltender for Tampa Bay. He's out four to
six weeks with a broken left foot. Suffered
it in practice. Louis Domingue is
going to slide into the starter role. They called up Edward
Pasquale from Syracuse to back
him up. It's going to be tough for Tampa Bay, man.
That's a pretty big drop-off goaltender-wise,
so it's going to be interesting to see what they do.
Well, you saw it the other night, and they put up a six spot for Louis Domingue,
and he let up four straight in that third period.
That ended up tying the game, sending it into OT.
I mean, fuck, man, if your team's putting up five for you in regulation,
make a fucking save.
And, you know, he's a good kid.
Mix one in?
Mix one in.
He was here in Arizona, and Ronto went down at the start of the year last year,
and he all of a sudden had to be the starter, and he got exposed,
and they ended up sending him out of town for Wedgwood.
Well, they traded away Domingue and then got Wedgwood from New Jersey.
But, yeah, so it'll be a tough sudden for them.
Luckily, they had that offense to provide those goals.
And just going back to the Bruins there quick, yeah, 6D were out.
Torrey Krug was a beast, and Halak was amazing.
I didn't realize how good he was at playing the puck.
Halak made a lot of plays and helped out that back end
as far as going back and having to retrieve it.
And when you've got a goalie who can make plays
and not have to have your D go all the way back and eat a hit,
it makes a big difference.
And they ended up squeaking one out.
And, of course, Marchand was a beast.
That guy is
Marchand will work your triangle like a dirty mother.
Like, he just  you can't  I've said this, I think, ten times in this.
You can't get the puck from him.
I skated with him during the lockout.
Somehow it's in his feet, and then he opens up,
and then all of a sudden he's by you.
And, like, he'll even have control of it when it's, like,
right in between his feet.
I don't know how he does it.
And that goal that  I think that DeBrus ended up burying it,
but Marshawn made the play.
But that game, Phoenix  Phoenix, Arizona owned them in the second and third.
Yeah.
It was 2-00 and I was like,
I'm in this. And they got the
one. I thought for sure they were going to win
that game. That was all
Halak at the end. Yeah, man. Halak, he's
probably been one of the best offseason signers by
any team this year. He's been as impressive
as hell. So, yeah, hopefully Bergeron
is not too banged up. He's one of the better players
and one of the best players in the league. You want him healthy.
You want him out there like you do for any guys, any team.
Jason DeMers, he's out indefinitely with an LBI lower body injury.
He collided with Kyle Torres in Arizona's win Thursday.
He's going to be out for a bit.
Brian Elliott, the Philadelphia Flyers starting goaltender,
he's going to be out two weeks with a lower body injury.
Calvin Picard is the de facto number one.
Alex Lyon was summoned
from Lehigh Valley to back him up.
Michael Neuwirth still battling. He had an injury
in camp. He's still been battling.
And a suspension, too.
God forgive us if we don't go one week
without a suspension. You're on the neck of the woods again,
Biz. Coyote, Josh
Archibald was suspended two games for
a headshot on Ryan Hartman.
But good news for the Vegas Golden Knights.
They got Nate Schmidt back after his 20-game suspension.
He returned to the lineup last night versus the Edmonton Oilers.
He had a pretty interesting time for his month and a half off.
George McPhee actually let him go to Austria for the month and a half.
He actually had the team's blessing.
He went over there.
He skated with the team over there.
I'm pulling up the name of it right here.
The Vienna Capitals.
He skated with them every day.
He went to all the games.
He obviously didn't play.
He went to the press box.
Yeah, McPhee said, hey, go ahead.
Get over there.
It'll keep your mind occupied.
You won't be dwelling on your situation here.
It sounds like he had a great time.
He said the culture was crazy.
Like people eat dinner at 8 o'clock at night there.
They have like three, four-hour dinners.
And he said people get buckled at lunch.
He said you go to lunch, people have like beers at lunch,
and then they go to work, and then they finish their work.
All kinds of crazy stuff he filled us in on.
And the other thing, he said he went deer hunting.
On the way back, he did a pit stop in Minnesota. I guess he went
deer hunting. Part of his
tradition when his deer hunting buddies or relatives,
they get a deer heart and they eat
it wrapped in bacon. Have you ever heard of anything
like that?
That sounds like a piece of territory.
I'm not a big hunter.
I'm not eating anyone's
heart. What about you, Whit?
You couldn't pay me to eat that.
It sounds completely disgusting.
No, I'm not even kidding you.
It sounds like one of those things you just do it and say you did it.
You know what I just thought of?
So he's saying people go to work, then go to lunch, and have beers,
and get fucked up, and then go back to work, right?
Yeah.
So imagine going in and you see the one guy in the
morning you're like what's up buddy how was your weekend he's like good thanks didn't do much and
then he goes and drinks comes back and he's like actually i didn't tell you before the week i was
great me and my wife were in a foursome with these other couples it's a psychopath like how do you
go how do you you meet somebody and then they go get buckled and then come back to work?
No chance they're still the same person.
They're opening their mouth about way different stuff.
I would agree with that.
They drink and they actually go back and finish, well, do the work.
They have a few beers, go back and do the work.
Yeah, and then they start really telling you what's up.
Yeah.
Like when they're sober in the morning.
That's why it takes fucking three months when you order a couch from overseas.
They do everything in slow motion.
People are like, I love the way of life.
I'm like, dude, you can't even,
it takes you 20 minutes to get a coffee.
Like, who the fuck wants to wait that long to get a coffee?
Oh, no, it's just so cool the way life's just relaxed, man.
They're not in a rush.
Why?
Well, hey, so speaking of that, how about this lady the other day I saw on Twitter?
Like a woman our mom's age got smoked by one of these kids driving these things.
They're called birds or something.
They drive around on  what are they, Grinnell?
You'll know, you fucking millennial.
They're just like you download an app on your phone,
and you can get these scooters essentially anywhere.
You just like leave them when you're your phone and you can get these like scooters essentially anywhere.
You just like leave them when you're done.
Motorized?
Like leave it.
Yeah, they're these like little electric scooters.
You just buzz around anywhere.
So, Witt, could you imagine this? Okay, you get a phone call from your dad saying, oh, my mom just got hit by some fucking 20-year-old driving around this motorized scooter on a sidewalk.
Like, are we that much in a
rush to get places now we're like but i was in old town the other night people are buzzing around
you there's people everywhere these things go i mean fast enough where if you smoke a lady she's
going to be on the ir for four four to six and there's no laws against them and who's i mean
people get on drunk all the time you get
on shit face and you just buzz around oh i'd be buckled on one yeah that's i mean that's what
they're for for like the drunk guys to get around oh really so like uber is not good enough
apparently anymore so they need these scooters so now you as a driver you have to look out
everywhere you are no old town because these guys are buzzing in and out of lanes. You know these young bucks are just like
Instagram live and while they're on it.
Exactly. R.A.'s like
old man
crashes into someone. How pissed would you be
though if you got a phone call from your old man
saying your mom got hit by some 20 year old
buzzer on a school. My old man would chase him
down and beat him to death. Well there you go.
So you young bucks
listening. Quit using these birds.
Is that what they're called, the birds?
Anyway.
Sorry, we got off the rails there.
Yeah, off the rails.
That's all right.
There was one other quote I thought was pretty interesting.
By the way, the quote was from Jesse Grainger at The Athletic
who wrote the story on it.
He said, quote,
the biggest culture shock was actually the hockey
and how hard they go at practice.
He said to himself that he's going to be in the best shape of his life
when he got back.
He said, quote, the Australian players all look like King Leonidas,
shredded to the gills, end quote.
He said they practice basically harder than he does in the NHL.
I thought that was pretty interesting considering, you know,
Austrian League isn't exactly, you know, one of the top tier leagues
in the planet.
So, go ahead, Bess.
I think that's pretty cool.
And we can also talk about a very similar situation where Babcock,
I know we rip or guys who come on,
rip on them quite a bit is a similar situation.
When Matthews was hurt,
he ended up going on the road with them because,
you know,
he basically Babcock comments were,
you know,
he's,
he's not going to play on the road trip, but he's a single guy at home.
We don't want him just sitting there and twilling his thumbs.
And then he got into the mental health side of it, which I agree.
Like when I'm home alone and the boys aren't around, I'm going nuts.
And I know it's a different situation,
but he got to go there and have that team atmosphere while Las Vegas started
their season.
And similar to that for Babcock where he bought Matthews on the road.
I remember being hurt all the time,
and I would actually get anxiety when a homestand was coming to an end
because I knew, like, dude, everyone's going on the road.
I'm, you know, I was single living alone.
I'm like, you know, you get an eight-day trip, dude.
It's just you and the one trainer that's, you know, left behind that, you know, you get an eight day trip, dude. You don't, it's just you. And the one trainer that's left behind that works on the injured guys at
home. And if there's no one else injured, and I remember being like,
why wouldn't, if I can skate in practice, why can't I come on the trip?
Like you want somebody like alone the entire time.
And they, I think always thought of it as no, like you,
you got to want guys to want to get back sooner to be able to not be left at home.
That's what I always thought.
And for me, that's so dumb.
I also think Matthews is such a superstar that he's going on that trip.
If that's a guy that was in my bracket in terms of the league,
he's probably getting left in Toronto, I think.
I don't know if Babcock's doing that.
Yeah, and I'm going to read you the quote here,
and here it is from Lance Hornby on Twitter.
It says, Babs on why he took injured Matthews on the road trip.
If you're a married guy, you've got three kids,
you can be home with your family,
but when you're a young guy sitting in Toronto in your condo,
what do you do?
These are your buddies.
Mental health is as important as the physical part.
And,
you know,
Babs,
I think that's a big boy move there and a smart move.
And I know he gets ripped on,
as I said,
but I think,
I think that's similar to the Smith situation in a sense where he got to go
be in that team environment,
experience something new where he wasn't really thinking,
sitting at home thinking about the negative shit.
Yeah.
And,
and he's going to dinner with the guys.
He's chilling, having nice
lunches, long lunches after
the bag skate.
Maybe
rips it one night, maybe rips it one, maybe
two nights, but for the most part,
he's going to be with his buddies.
I actually really agree with Babcock on that.
I like these
Donald Draper lunches in Austria.
Those are pretty cool.
Don't even tell me.
You know who Don Draper is, right?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I was into that show.
Big Mad Men guy.
Also, another suspension, of course, Arizona Coyote, Josh Archibald,
got a two-game suspension for a headshot on Ryan Hartman.
Serving that currently right now.
And speaking of the Coyotes,
we are going to be bringing Dylan Strom on very shortly.
Boys, I'm sorry, Biz, did you have anything on that suspension?
Did you think that was appropriate?
No, it seems like he was remorseful right after the hit.
I thought two games was fair and, you know,
no complaints from the Coyotes organization.
I think we know where the game's at now.
And he was just going to finish his check.
And I think he kind of, the Hartman kind of whoopsie-daisied him,
and he made contact shoulder to head.
Just happy Hartman's all right.
I know he was down on the play, but hey, this game's fast,
and you're going to see some of those collisions sometime.
Talking about the Strome interview, I really liked what he had to say.
We dug deep on a few separate issues.
What did you think of it, Whit?
I thought it was great.
Really nice kid.
Biz, you got an in with all these young guys around the NHL.
They all love you.
They're all hanging with Biz.
So it's big for us.
And he's just, you can tell, he comes from a good family.
Yeah, no, I like the young bucks, man, that young energy.
I'm young at heart.
So why don't we send it off to Dylan Strom right now,
and hopefully you guys enjoy the interview. This interview is brought to you by Herbal Active,
the 100 hemp-based CBD product we've been talking about all the time. It is unbelievable.
And they have a Cyber Monday sale coming up. And of course, a Black Friday sale,
Biz 30. Now you're going to get 30 off, not 20, 30 off on all drops and mints.
I use the level three drops every morning and night before I go to bed.
They're unbelievable.
They help me with mental clarity.
They help me with inflammation.
They help me with sometimes, you know, I'm going through a little bit of depression.
You know, things aren't going well.
You know how it goes.
But that is Herbal Active.
They've hired someone on their social media team
to answer all the questions you need answered that is herbal active u-r-b-a-l-a-c-t-i-v you can
follow them on instagram twitter you can message them as i mentioned any of your questions you want
it is a great product they also have bomb which is awesome for sore muscles and joints.
They have amazing dog treats that I give to my dog Packer.
I fucking love you Packer.
So check them out.
They have a black Friday sale,
cyber Monday sale,
30 off with biz 30,
all the other stuff other than the drops and mints,
you can get off 20 off,
uh,
biz 20.
But for now,
is 30 herbal active. Check them out. 20 off. Biz 20. But for now, biz 30.
Herbal Active, check them out.
It is a pleasure of mine to introduce first-time guest,
a member of the Arizona Coyotes, not a big deal,
drafted third overall in the 2015 entry draft from Mississauga, Ontario,
like half the guys in the NHL are from Toronto area.
Welcome to the Spitting Chicklets podcast, Dylan Strom.
Hey, guys.
Thanks for having me.
That's it?
That's all I'm getting back?
What's up?
Well, at the beginning, like, sorry, I didn't know how to start it up.
Hey, can we talk about how when you came on the line before we
introduced you and R.A. said, hi, Ryan? Yeah, I didn't know how to start it up. Hey, can we talk about how when you came on the line before we intro'd you
and R.A. said, hi, Ryan?
Yeah, I know.
I'm not a fan of R.A.
So are we nixing all R.A. questions this interview?
No, I'm just kidding.
I love R.A.
You'll be screwed if you do, Biz.
Well, I guess let's start off.
Man, you've had a great start to this
nhl season um i guess we can go back to last year where you were called up for the last 10 games of
the year with the arizona coyotes after spending a majority of the year in the american hockey league
and you ended up putting up eight points in that 10 game span that was i mean that had to have been
fucking huge for you to get your confidence coming into this year.
Yeah, for sure.
You know, obviously, I didn't go as planned at the beginning of the year.
Played two games and then got sent down.
And then we had a great team in the AHL, so, you know,
got some confidence there, got a lot of points.
And, you know, just got called up again.
Didn't go well again.
The team was losing. I think we were like 1-10 the next time I got called up again uh didn't go didn't go well again uh the team was losing i think we were like one in ten the next time i got called up um and then i got sent back down again and then
got called up at the end of the year and then yeah like you said just obviously huge getting
getting some points and getting some confidence and uh you know just obviously building into the
summer and just hopefully uh trying to have a good start to the year and um no i think yeah
last year at the end was definitely huge for myself.
There's obviously big changes between the AHL and the NHL.
Speed, size of the players, the intensity of the games.
What for you has been the biggest adjustment going from the AHL to the NHL?
I think just the biggest adjustment is just the speed, I think.
It's not even about the speed of the skating.
It's more of the speed of, like, everyone's mind.
Like, everyone's always in the right position.
There's never a guy that's, you know, in the wrong position.
And if someone is in the wrong position,
it usually ends up in the back of your net.
So, you know, the AHL, there's guys out of position,
but, you know, sometimes, you know, they don't take advantage of it.
Whereas in the NHL, you know, if you're the centerman down low
and, you know, you lose your man,
it's probably going to end up in either a great
eight chance or a goal so I think you just gotta you know kind of find your way and learn how to
play at both ends of the ice and get relied upon by your coach and I think that that's just the
biggest difference for me so I mean last year I know you got called up a couple different times
you said but you're doing exactly what you got to do down there I mean you're over a point per game
you're lighting it up so the times that you're you know getting the what you got to do down there. I mean, you're over a point per game. You're lighting it up.
So the time that you're, you know, the time you get sent back down,
are you furious or are you kind of like, whatever,
I just got to go down and continue to dominate down there?
Like the first time I was obviously not happy.
I mean, I only played two games.
And I played seven the year before and then got sent back to junior.
So I was kind of looking forward to, you know,
hopefully getting a bunch at the beginning and seeing how I do.
But, you know, obviously we lost the first two.
And, you know, I didn't play very much in the second game.
And then they just said they wanted me to start playing more.
So I got sent down.
And then, yeah, I was pissed and obviously wasn't happy.
But at the same time, you know, sulking and sitting around
and moping and complaining isn't really going to get you anywhere.
So we kind of just went to work. And we had a great group of young guys down there and
we were winning lots of games i think we were like i don't know like 15 and four start the season and
then we were just we're all scoring we're having a good time then um you know the second time i got
sent back down i i kind of knew it was coming i mean i didn't produce enough i didn't help the
team when the team was losing and uh no i kind of saw I didn't help the team when the team was losing. And I kind of saw it coming.
And then the last time, the team was doing better in general.
So, you know, it just makes it so much easier to play when the team's winning
and you're contributing and then everything's good and the mood's obviously lighter.
So, but yeah, the first time I was definitely pissed.
So I always wondered, you know, you had a little bit of an experience in the NHL.
You get the seven games, like you said, and then you went back to junior.
And I've never actually asked anyone, was it just so easy?
I can't even imagine.
I mean, you lit it up.
You had 75 points at 35 games.
But coming from the NHL and those seven,
was it just like everything was so slow to you that last year in the O?
We had a ridiculously good GMI last year in junior so that made it a lot easier
but um i don't know it's like when i when i got my first year when i made it um i was there for
like 20 games i think so i got scratched for 13 and played seven so like you still have to like
you still have to bag skate and like all that stuff when you're not playing.
I was never used to that.
I've never done that yet to do the extra workouts,
do all the things that the scratches have to do.
I was never used to that.
Going back to junior, it was kind of different to just play so much more.
You're playing 20, 25 minutes a night, whereas if you do get in the lineup
when I was up in the NHL, I was playing 12 minutes, 13 maybe at the most.
It was a lot slower, yes, but you're also a lot more tired because now you're playing double the amount as you're playing for the past you know two and a half three months so.
Stromer this one's gonna kind of get I want to get inside your head a little bit is it difficult
for a guy who goes third overall especially after McDavid Eichel I mean Mitch Marner was behind you
so was Noah Hannafin.
And all these guys kind of jump in and make an impact right away.
Do you, I know it's probably hard not to, but do you find yourself or did you find yourself comparing yourself to the fact that those guys had such a quick entry into the NHL?
And, you know, maybe it'll take you a little bit more time to develop?
Yeah, I mean, you know, it's impossible to not see.
I mean, you're lying to everyone if you say, you know,
you're not looking at that stuff or looking at the guys around you,
when they were drafted out, how they're doing.
Obviously, it's different for everyone.
I mean, say Arizona tells me I'm a part of their future
and they want, you know, I'm a big piece of their plan.
So I've just kind of been doing what they say and working hard.
I mean,
you see what those other guys are doing.
It's pretty impressive. I mean, the first
and second pick of my draft, they're both captains of their team
and franchise players. And obviously
Myron's an unbelievable player.
I think he has already 100 assists or something.
And so
there's lots of guys that are around that are
doing really well.
And, you know, I try to tell people that, you know,
hopefully at the end of my career we'll be somewhere around the same path.
I mean, obviously they have a lot better start than I did.
But, I mean, I guess we're still young.
I'm still 21.
So hopefully a lot more years left.
And at the end of the career, I guess people can make assumptions then.
But, no, it's obviously there.
And it's obviously something that you're working towards
and you're striving to be, you know, just as good
or you want to be better than the guys that were drafted around you.
And, no, obviously I've got a long way to go.
But, you know, hopefully I can get there one day.
Did a level of frustration ever set in?
Were you ever just like, fuck, I'm sick of these comparisons?
Like, did it ever get too much where maybe you needed to reach out
to someone for advice?
And if you did, like, who are those people that you talk to
in order to get it off your chest?
Yeah, I mean, you do get frustrated.
There's no doubt about it.
I mean, you obviously want to be  you want to produce
and you want to do what other guys are doing that are around your draft
and you want to help the team that drafted you win
and they invest all this time and money in you.
So they, you know, they obviously want you to do good.
And yeah, it's frustrating at some times, you know,
not producing or not being there even.
I remember it was my, our first game, the second year I got drafted.
So I got scratched our home opener against Philly
and I was just sitting in
the lounge before the game. I had to
take warm-ups, and I was just watching
obviously the games earlier and just watching
some guys score their first goal
or get their first point or play on the first
line in their first game, and yeah, obviously
it's frustrating, but at the same time, you know, you just
you kind of just got to
take it within yourself to try to get better
and to try to be there.
I mean, you know, I don't really, I'm not big on talking to certain people about, you know,
like a psychologist or whatever.
I kind of just do it myself and just, you know, thank you.
You got to find a way to work harder and get a little better and do more to be out there.
So I'll try to do that this summer and hopefully can, you know, keep having a good year.
I know confidence is a big issue, obviously, with professional athletes.
I always wonder, is it, how easy is it for, you know,
such hard-earned confidence to just disappear?
Is it something that can go in one bad play?
Does it happen in one game or is it something that happens that goes,
you know, in a week if you're struggling with confidence?
What kind of effect does that have?
I think it's more like a kind of effect does that have like i think i think
it's it's more like like a stretch of games i think you know if the one bad game isn't gonna
you know tear your confidence down um but having said that one good game can bring your confidence
way up so i think um personally i think you know if you go four or five to six games without a
point or without playing good um your confidence is going to be down.
And then you got to, you know, do whatever you got to do
to kind of try to break that funk and get out of it.
I mean, you know, sometimes it's just, you know, a cheesy second apple.
And then your confidence is back and then you're feeling great again.
Sometimes it's, you know, just having a good game.
And the next game you're going to get a point.
So, you know, for me, it's a couple games on the stretch
where you're not feeling great and the puck's not bouncing.
That's when I feel like I lose my confidence.
But obviously, you know, you have a two-point night
or a goal and assist or something like that
and your confidence is back sky high.
So I think when you get some confidence,
I think you just got to run with it.
And at least for me, that's what I do. I try to try to do stromer what was it like living in erie
playing there for the otters honestly biz i i have absolutely not one negative or bad thing
to say about erie um all the boys on the team chirped me about it just because i love i love
junior hockey so much i love it too if I put up 1,000 points.
Well, I was playing with good line mates,
the one, the Brinkhead and McDavid and stuff.
So it was a little easy then.
But, no, it's honestly awesome.
Like, I had an unreal Billet family, a huge house.
The boys all lived close.
Like you said, we were really good.
All four of my years in junior, we won 50 games,
and we only played 68. So, you know, we were really good all four of my years in junior we won 50 games and we only
played 68 so uh you know we were always going into every game like if we lost like something
happened like that wasn't supposed to happen and so it was obviously a lot of fun to go into every
game you know seeing who we're playing against or wherever we were just and then in erie is just the
crowd was awesome it's like a it's like a little college town, but the people, the fans are nuts.
They have like 2 beer nights like three times a week,
and people are just getting loaded at the games.
Like the away team has to walk through like, well, you know,
has to walk past like all the crowd.
Everyone's just leaning over and just stuff's flying at them.
Rooms are flying.
If we're about to sweep a team, it's wild.
Oh, yeah.
We got a little bit of a dust-up with the crowd one night.
We had Steve Dix on our team.
Ended up sucker and a fan because they were, like,
reaching over and, like, barking in our ear.
Here's another Erie Otter story.
When Corey Pecker scored his 50th goal in junior the one year,
all the fans threw dildos all over the ice.
Yeah, I've heard that story before.
Yeah, they're nutty in Erie.
It's pretty wild now.
So did you graduate from Erie High?
McDowell High School it's called, but yes, I did graduate from there.
Erie High.
Did you give a shit about school?
Be honest.
Like, honestly, I hate school.
Like, I hated it, but, like, I wasn't one of those kids that, like,
some guys play junior and just never go to school.
Like, we went to school every morning.
Like, we had to get up.
Like, school starts there at, like, 6 a.m.
My alarm was, like, 545 every morning.
I swear to God.
545, I think school started.
You had to be there at 645.
Was McDavid going to school?
Or were they paying him under the table Just letting him do whatever he wanted?
No, people think
That's what I mean, we had to go to school every day
Including him, he didn't have the hardest classes
Well, anyone in high school
That's not trying to go to post-secondary
Doesn't take the hardest classes
But the one year
That's kind of funny
The one year McDavid broke his hand
So his last year indavid broke his hand so his last year in in in junior and uh
he like he broke his hand so he was obviously getting treatment on it and whatever had to do
the surgery or whatever he had and i think the first semester or like the first quarter of school
or something because it was right at the beginning of the year i think he went to school like five
of 25 days or something or 29 days just of his hand and he was at home.
His classes were like, I don't know.
He had math and stuff. Male fitness.
It was like...
Grade 9 geography.
I think one class they said Taylor
Radice was in it with him. All he did was watch
videos. It was like video watching or
something. Oh, you're throwing... I love
this, throwing McDavid under the bus.
We know he didn't fucking care about school.
No, but I mean, he still had to go.
He still had to do it, you know?
Like, when he was there, he had to do it.
So, basically, what you're saying is McDavid's not this nice guy
that everyone thinks he is.
He's actually a scumbag.
Don't put those words in my mouth, Dave.
Come on.
No, no.
I know.
We love him on the pod.
We just give him a hard time because, obviously,
I don't think he could come on this thing unless it was just all one-word answers.
Let's antagonize him so he comes on.
We pre-question him.
Hey, so let me ask you quick about McDavid.
I just wanted to know, you came in, his second year of junior
was your rookie year, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Was it just, you got to give me like the first time you saw him play,
is it just like, holy shit, I mean,
or had you kind of been playing against him growing up?
No, because he was a 97, same as me, but he played 96 his whole life.
So, like, I had never, ever played a game against him, like, ever.
Like, we played on the same team for that All-State, All-Canadian,
this little bantam thing that they had for a couple years
where, like, the best players in Canada went to this thing.
And that's the first time I ever seen him play.
And then we got drafted.
Well, he got drafted, and then I got drafted the next year.
And I just remember my first exhibition game
uh in erie was at we played at mercyhurst rink like the college or the university there the
rink has like like seats on one side not even seats they're like those metal benches on one side
and then nothing on the other side and our first game was against niagara and it was the line was
burakovsky mcdavid and brown and we-2, and all three of those guys had six points.
Like, no one else had a play on the team except those three guys.
Just zipping it around.
It was unbelievable.
What's the brinket like?
He's probably my best friend still to this day.
We lived together for the last two years in junior.
He moved into
my bullet house um he had a he didn't even have a room he had like we had a big basement but he
had like his bed was just around the corner with like no no door or anything so we we shared the
same shower and washroom and stuff but we were fine we had a great time he's an awesome guy and
people ask me like how did they like last year how do you think he's been doing NHL?
And I'm just like,
this guy will find a way to score no matter what happens.
Like anytime,
I don't know how he does it.
He doesn't have like the hardest shot.
He has a quick shot and accurate shot,
but it's not like he has the hardest shot.
Um,
and he just finds a way to score.
Like even the goal is last night.
He scored through the score too.
One was a pass from paves.
It's like,
he just got the shot off like quick, went high blocker.
And then he finds a way to get the OT winner.
I don't know how he does it.
So good work ethic on him?
Good work ethic on him?
Yeah, really good.
He's just a guy that you probably laugh when he gets some goals.
You're like, of course he gets that one.
Everyone has a buddy like that, right?
That just always somehow sleazes his way in to get a tap in an ot and you're just like
fucking to brink it a couple times in junior we were on like i was with when taylor radish me and
brink out we're aligned together and then sometimes we would get split up so like the
brink i'll be on a different line and he'd get a point and me and radish would just look at each
other be like of course like deborah finds a way to, like, he has, like, four goals this night
and, like, just, like, just tips or, like, backhands or somehow
that no one else would score except him.
But he walked away with a hatcher.
Your coach, Rick Talkett, was as tough as Harden was a player
back in the day when he played.
But what's he like to play for as a coach?
Is he a real old-school guy, or does he kind of have to, like,
modernize his approach with young guys?
I think he does a little bit of both.
He's real good with young guys.
We go on ice early with him at practice.
You know, he does little skills with us and, you know,
like shooting drills before practice.
And I think, you know, guys really like that, especially with young guys.
No, he's definitely a little bit old-school as well, though. Like, on the bench, he's definitely a little bit old school as well, though.
Like on the bench, he's yelling a lot.
He's pretty vocal.
So I think I like that personally behind the bench with a very vocal guy.
He lets the refs know.
He lets guys know that they're not playing good.
He lets anyone know.
He talks to the coaches a lot beside him.
So he's old school in that sense where he's loud,
but he's also good with young guys, I think, like I said,
with coaches and stuff.
When he does blow his top, is he the scariest looking dude you've ever had
as a coach when he does flip out?
Yeah, he's  you don't want to get in his way, I think.
I haven't seen him like really, really mad,
but I don't think I want to ever.
So hopefully I can stay in the good books.
Yeah, he was a tough, tough dude when he played.
Domer, I mean, obviously it sucks that Galchenyuk went down early
as well as Dvorak was injured coming into the season.
But part of you and playing well probably has a lot to do
with you getting your touches.
I mean, you're averaging over 17 minutes early on this season.
You're getting put in a lot of situations
where you're taking big face-offs in the offensive zone.
Was it more of a getting your reps type of thing
and being able to learn from your mistakes in actual NHL games?
And is that basically the reason why you've excelled?
Yeah, I think it definitely helps.
You know, you can practice so much, but, much, but there's nothing like a game, obviously.
So once you get out there, I think, like you said,
just getting more minutes, getting more comfortable with your line mates
or with your team, with coaches, systems and everything.
So, yeah, I think, like you said, the more ice time you get,
the more comfortable you're going to feel, the better you're going to feel.
So, like you said, just getting the reps definitely helps.
We haven't really mentioned your brother.
How much advice did he give you coming into the season
or coming into your NHL career about how to adapt
and what things to look out for?
Yeah, I mean, for my brother and I, both brothers actually um we we talk a lot we talk uh you know
before the season obviously in the summer we would golf like a lot together yeah but he doesn't
really yeah we're big golfers big golfers but he doesn't really talk too much about hockey um on
like the what to do kind of side of thing he kind of lets us figure it out for ourselves I think which is good um didn't tell me too much coming into the league about um you know about you know anything
really it was kind of just I watched him play so much that he didn't really need to tell me
tell me much I think um no I love watching him play he's obviously you know one of my favorite
players to watch uh but at the same time you know he's we obviously compete against each other and
we play against each other.
It's always a battle when we get out there,
but not too much communication about hockey before the season
or anything like that.
He's four years older than you, right?
Yeah, four years.
That's pretty much an age difference where when you're 12
and he's 16 lighting up the you, you probably idolized him.
I'm assuming growing up, right?
Yeah, for sure.
And especially my younger brother being only, only two years apart from me.
So like you said, when he was 16 and 17, you know, we were, you know,
11 and 13 and, um, we, we loved watching.
We went to almost every game he played in Niagara. Um, we, we,
we were his team's biggest fans. We, and we knew all the fans there.
We knew all the officers. We knew everyone. We knew we were talking to people. Our grandparents would
go to every game and we just, we wore jerseys. We were the biggest fans and he was doing
so good. So it was so much fun to watch. And I think that's really where we both kind of
wanted to play in the O and do kind of follow his footsteps of what he was doing. So it
was so much fun to watch.
It's so incredible to me. The odds of playing in the NHL.
It's just like getting struck by lightning.
It's just so rare to get to that top level.
In your family, you've got two kids, and then you've got a third brother
who will probably end up playing at some point.
So did your dad play growing up?
Did he know a lot about the game?
It's just incredible to think that your house, all three of you mutants are going to be playing
in the NHL someday.
Yeah, Biz had a
big popular comment on my Instagram when I posted
it. My brother got dropped and said, is my dad selling
a sperm yet? He got like 400 likes.
I'm sure he was fired up about that.
He loves that joke.
My dad played
decent level hockey. never played um professional
or anything i think he was a big lacrosse player he uh he always loved you know playing sports he
he was a pretty tough lacrosse player he still sends us pictures from from some of his fights
and some of his his team pictures from back in the day he had the big mullet going but
um he was a you know just a hard-working lacrosse player i think and and
then married my mom and they're both i guess we got a good gene they're both pretty tall my mom's
like 5 11 5 10 5 11 and my dad's like 6 3 and um well it's really they really forced i think it's
an enforced status my dad loved hockey and we watched it all the time and then my brother
started playing and you know i guess it's just a trickle-down effect. Like, you watch your older brother play, and you just want to play.
So your younger brother wants to play.
And then that's all we did.
Like, we would just get home from school.
And I was usually the goalie.
I would just strap on the pads.
And we'd play on the road for, like, hours.
And, you know, my little brother, we would play, like, these stupid games.
Someone would end up crying or fighting or slashing.
Someone would yell.
But, you know, that's what brothers do.
And I think that's why we have so much success just because we we love the game and
we love to play and we always you know had a stick in our hands we're always uh competing and i think
you just you learn to win and uh to appreciate the game like that surprise you turn out to be
such a pussy considering your own man was a bit of a tough guy in the lacrosse uh league but anyway
um aside from that going back after that was her for coming back after that.
Is there anything off the ice that you're into that might be a little different than
maybe normal people don't do? I know you said you
golf, but is there anything like, you know,
Harry Potter books or some weird shit?
Harry Potter books?
No, not really.
I don't really read at all.
I'm trying to start.
Matt Nichol, my trainer, wants me to start reading,
so I've been trying to start reading this year.
I play a lot of Xbox.
I'm not going to lie to anyone.
You're the exact opposite of me.
A lot of Fortnite.
I used to be a huge gamer of Call of Duty and Halo,
but now I'm just strictly Fortnite.
We get a we
get a bunch of the guys going here and get some squads going and we love playing so me and actually
me and krauser a lot of things cross we're in the same house right now um and we have rooms
with probably like five feet apart from each other so like when we when we play fortnite with each
other i can hear him on the headset and like on his actual voice so i'm just getting like triple
krauser like words just flying
at me all day when we're playing chick hears us yelling all the time it's awesome do you guys play
on the road or do you guys ban that uh we haven't we haven't banned it no we last year we brought i
think one time on the road i don't really i think we wedgwood wedgwood was bringing his his stuff
great kid but then but then he got traded or, yeah, he got traded to the Kings.
You think it's because he brought his Xbox in the road he got traded?
Fuck no, but let's start that rumor, and then we'll put you as the headline.
It's going to be perfect.
We've got so many clicks to the episode.
It's going to be great.
Who do you hang out with on the team?
Kels?
You hang out with Kels?
Yeah, we got our group of friends, I would say,
that we hang out with most is Keller, Fisher, Dvorak,
Dicker, and Krauser.
So six of us.
Hey, how dumb is Kels?
Like on a scale of one to ten, how dumb is Kels?
He obviously doesn't show it on the ice because he's like he's ridiculously good
but we do we do call him a brick off the ice that's his real nickname
hey he just like he just like eats plays hockey plays xbox and that's it that's all you get yeah
he likes like like weird like he like loves cars like really nice cars cars He has to take a picture of it
He's taking a picture 100
And he's sending it to Chikrin too
That's the worst part
Chikrin hot as shit
He's so handsome
He might be part of your guys man rocket
Do you ride his coattails Stromer?
Do you ride his coattails at the bars?
He has the highest standards of all time, like of all time.
Yeah, when you look like that, you can.
Well, yeah, I guess, yeah.
Stromer, you got a girlfriend?
Yeah.
Are you like me?
Are you like me?
You guys are off and on every six days?
I don't like to make it public. I mean, there's a lot of weird people out six days? I don't like to make it public.
I mean, there's a lot of weird people out there.
Understood.
Yeah, R.A. will be following you all the time.
Grinnelli will be taking pics of her legs.
Or probably yours instead.
That's foot model coming back on here probably for R.A.
Anything else?
I brought her on.
That was my foot fetish, girl.
One quick one.
If you were the middle brother,
how come you didn't make the little brother play goalie?
That always happened to me.
I love goalie.
Like, that was my thing.
Like, I used to play goalie, like, growing up.
But when I was, like, four, five, and six, I was, like, a big goalie.
Like, I just loved, like, all my track pants had, like,
holes in the knees from, like like the pavement and the road.
And my mom would get so mad.
No wonder you kept getting drafted so high.
Pardon?
So no wonder you kept getting drafted so high.
Very funny, dude.
No duh.
That's what RA says.
No duh.
Anything else you want to talk about?
Anything you thought of?
No.
Thanks for having me on.
I really appreciate it.
I love your guys' stuff.
You guys are awesome.
It makes car rides so much easier just throwing it on the pod and just getting all the way to the gila.
You think Kelz is going to fire back?
He better.
He better.
I don't know.
Probably, yeah.
Okay, well, we'll stir the pot.
And thank you for coming on, buddy.
Good luck the rest of the way.
And go Yotes, the biggest wagon, undercover wagon in the league.
Appreciate it.
Thanks.
We're going to start getting some wins here.
Fuck yeah, we are.
Good luck, dude.
Thanks for listening, brother.
That interview was also brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simple way to buy.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift, or searching for a last-minute deal,
you see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and Seat Geek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
I've had the Seat Geek at my phone for probably a year now.
Got some great shows down in New York.
I get tickets for my little nephew all the time for Bruins games.
I hear the Rolling Stones are coming this summer.
Going to be on Seat Geek getting my tickets for them,
because they can be anywhere.
With a few taps, I can instantly find the seats I want.
I just used it, like I said, my nephew loves Bruins games, loves mooching off me.
Hooked him up the other day with the SeatGeek app.
It's designed to make your ticket buying experience easier than ever because it saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices and find amazing deals to make sure you get the most bang for your buck.
Because SeatGeek does grade every ticket based on value.
So if it's a little out of your price range, no problem.
Just go down a level.
Boom, you'll find seats that fit your budget.
Plus, every purchase is fully guaranteed,
so you can shop for tickets on SeatGeek with confidence
and not worry about some dirtbag scalper taking your dough
and running down a fan-nual hall and buying some beers with it.
Not going to happen on SeatGeek.
So make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right here, right
from your phone.
Big thanks once
again to Dylan Strong for joining us for the interview.
Nice kid. Wish him good things out
in the desert. Biz, you hang out with him quite
a bit. All these guys love you, man. Y'all like Uncle Biz
for all these young stars in the NHL.
Yeah, the team doesn't let me hang out with them, obviously,
because, you know. Their agents hear that
Biz is hanging out with them. They're like, no.
Yeah.
No.
They're like, if it was Bugsy, great, but not Biz.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Moving on.
How about, I didn't, did you guys catch, obviously, you guys know already,
but Set the Tone Malone, was that one of his nicknames?
I heard Teddy say it last episode.
Oh, I'm sure. Teddy has a million nicknames for everyone. I never called him Set the Tone Malone. I that one of his nicknames? I heard Teddy say it last episode. I'm sure Teddy has a million
nicknames for everyone. I never called
him Seth Tone Malone. I just called him Bugsy.
Bugsy.
What's this? A seventh one already this year?
Another player has played his 1,000th
NHL game, this time Dion Phaneuf
played in his 1,000th game the other
night for the Kings. He's done it over 14 seasons
with Calgary, Toronto,
Ottawa, and the Kings. He's done it over 14 seasons with Calgary, Toronto, Ottawa, and the Kings. He's got
136
goals, 353 assists in the
1,000 games. Deion's
always had a snarl to his game. He's
always been a pretty big character out there, but
it's a hell of an accomplishment. Mikey, what do you got?
So, Biz, this is something
that you have mentioned before that
his teammates love the guy.
That's something I noticed on social media that night was like,
there's like 30 players that like posted just about for enough,
like congratulating him on the, on the a thousandth game.
Like this people love this guy, huh?
His teammates do.
I was shocked when,
when I hopped on Twitter and I would read how much negativity about him and
fans commenting, Oh, he's an asshole, he's this, he's that.
I was like, fuck.
I'm like, I don't know, man.
I played under 18 with him.
Maybe he turned into a bad guy, I guess.
But every time I've seen him, he's fucking awesome.
He's the same guy.
And, yeah, very mischievous.
He loves it.
Oh, God, he loves laying into the young guys,
but he's harmless about it.
And he's real cocky about himself, right?
Like, oh, good boy.
He's like in his clothes and all that stuff.
Yeah, he's got the Jovanoski cockiness.
Like, oh, Jovo, you got any change for 20s?
Like, that is change.
Or, hey, Jovo, that's a nice sweater.
What kind is that?
Expensive.
It's like, okay, Jovo, good seeing you, buddy.
Just dropping five on the car.
Won't even tell you where he shops.
Oh, yeah, no. But, yeah, no, congratulations to the young enough. Just dropping 500 on the card. Oh, yeah, no.
But, yeah, no, congratulations.
Yeah, congrats.
I was quickly going to say, first three years, 82 games, 20 goals,
49 points as a rookie.
Second year, 79 games, 17 tucks, 50 points.
Third year, 82 games, 17 goals, 60 points, 182 PIMS.
I have no idea what the answer to this is, but I would wonder who between now and when that happened in 2007, 2008,
as a defenseman, has had 60 points and over, let's say, over 150 PIMS.
He has 180 because that's a big year.
So he had some dominating seasons, man.
I mean, obviously, the foot speed slows down a little bit.
You're not going to be the same.
People kind of always chirp at decision-making, but he made an impact.
Guys knew where he was when he was on the ice.
And on the power play, he had a complete rocket from the point.
So he got a bunch of one-timer goals.
And he came on the scene loud and, like, just killing guys.
I remember that year.
He was a big story.
So congrats to him.
Hell of a career.
Yeah, I think he broke in first year after the lockout, if I'm not mistaken.
Yeah, I was a rookie that year, too.
I had like 38 points.
Quick drop in.
Shout out also, man.
Braden Point had a natural hat trick in a minute and 31 seconds.
He didn't touch the record by Jim from American Pie.
He's got that record.
Come on.
Come on, Biz.
I mean, I sympathy laughed at that time.
I mean, help me out, Grinnell.
You're chuckling over there.
Do you know what he's talking about?
Come on.
I'm peeling an orange, and my microphone was on mute.
I was just like, oh.
You didn't see American Pie, Biz?
When he fucking shoots the wads in his shorts
before he even gets in the other girl?
You never saw American Pie?
Yeah, I mean, it's just like tough to tie it
into the reference of the girl.
We got to go to the fans on this one.
We got to listen to the fans.
So we need to hear from you guys.
Did you guys get that right away? Or was that one of those ones that, like,
now that he explains it, you're going to pretend that you knew exactly
what the fuck he was talking about like half you schmucks do?
Anyway, let's get back to hockey.
Anyways, he was the sixth fastest in NHL history for the record.
Bill Mosienko scored three goals in 21 seconds.
That's a record.
I don't know if anyone's ever going to beat that.
I don't know how the hell he managed that,
especially in 1952 when guys weren't exactly a fleet of foot
like they are today.
Yeah, it's nuts.
It had to be a couple of dump-ins, like dump-in goal, dump-in goal,
maybe quick dump-in and rebound goal.
No, I was going to say 91 seconds is insane.
And then I saw that the record was 21 seconds.
And I'm like, that's never getting touched.
That's I, I need to see video of that.
Is there a video of that or that happened before there was even cameras in,
in the NHL?
1952. I I'd be shocked if there's video of that.
Maybe there's a few horses to the game.
Horse was, uh, and one other. Maybe there's a few paintings. He took a horse to the game. Horse?
Horse.
And one other record, it was a team record.
Mike Hoffman set the Florida team record by getting at least a point
in 15 straight games.
He's got eight goals and 10 assists, so 18 points in that stretch.
He also became the 11th player in NHL history to post a point streak
of 15 games or more in his inaugural season with the team.
A fellow by the name of Wayne Gretzky's got the overall record he did a 23 games with the kings back in 88 89 so shout out
to mike hoffman he's been settling in pretty well down in florida after the trade what's up all right
quick question here so you said the the that record as far as with a new team was 23 games
what was the overall record of of of consecutive games or the point?
I think it was Gretzky with 50 something.
Was it not?
Yeah,
it is.
I'm not sure what the exact record is,
but I know Gretzky had 51 straight games to start the season back,
back in the day,
which is pretty crazy.
I don't think anyone's going to sniff that like a million of his other
records.
That is the,
that is the record.
That is the record.
And it was 61 goals,
92 assists in the first 51 games.
Oh, my God.
Imagine how fun hockey would be.
Three points every night.
Drinking.
Just, like, practice, no shoulder pads on.
They didn't wear helmets or shoulder pads in practice back then
with those Oilers teams.
Imagine buzzing around hungover after getting, like,
another four-point night just snapping around with mess.
It was like Club 54 every night when they were going out too.
Speaking of fun and hockey, how about the Rangers trolling Yans
when the Florida Panthers went to MSG and they put the family guy,
what's the worst name in the English language?
And then obviously the response, Keith.
And then they had a picture of Yan's reaction and then Hazy's reaction as well.
Oh, I was laughing.
So Keith texted our group chat and told us about it.
I was laughing, but, you know, you got to get  like, until I saw the visual,
I didn't realize how funny it was because a decent amount of the crowd at MSG
kind of like when at MSG,
kind of like when they said it, like started laughing.
Like they were like, oh, they're just trolling Yandel,
especially with his picture up there.
I texted Hazy.
I'm like, did you tell him to do it? He's like, no, I didn't.
They just  I just love it.
It's like, Keith.
Keith Yandel.
So he knows, he knows you don't name your kid Keith.
That was so good though oh my god did
we get that up on chiclets yeah yeah absolutely what do you think of it grinnell i thought it
was hilarious i thought it was absolutely hilarious i think hazy did tell someone to
do it and he just won't even admit it definitely did like why would they have put him on there i
mean like everyone knew they were boys but when you put on the guy who's like hey put this up on
this on the big screen they should have put their cock talk audio on from spit and
chicklets the last time what about hank hey how about uh you go to msg and you're waiting to see
like who who would be a great star that you see robert de niro you're waiting to see like johnny
mackinrow and then you get at the commercial instead,
you get a family guy.
Yeah, you got to think Hazy had something to do with it.
Because when's the last time you actually saw a split split screen
on a jumbotron with players from from each team?
That's that's pretty unusual.
Look like a chiclets episode.
Yeah, that is weird.
I agree with that.
Oh, how about how about already getting roasted
in the Instagram comments of us posting it
and being like, R.A. is so pissed it wasn't a Simpsons clip?
Yeah, I'm not even sure I saw that Family Guy clip.
I haven't watched Family Guy in ages.
I watched the first couple seasons, then they left and came back.
The story is that Keith was with another one of our good buddies,
and they were just kicking it on the couch having beers one night,
late night, and they're watching Family guy like both just watching in silent and that
actually came on and they just looked at each other crying laughing oh man what is that yeah
what is the most big eye contact you like did that just happen yeah it's pretty funny man
getting getting sued by the msg jumbotron worker. That's pretty funny stuff. But, yeah, it wasn't the Simpsons.
What are you going to do?
More discipline to talk about.
Josh Morrissey was fined roughly 8,500 for interference
and unsportsmanlike for what Biz would term a through-the-earth-crust hit
on T.J. Oshie.
The similar hit we saw with Matheson on Elias Pedersen or Peterson
or however you want to pronounce it.
It's kind of weird, man.
Matheson got two games.
Morrissey just got fined.
I think you could make the argument with Morrissey was even worse.
I know it wasn't retaliatory and the puck was close,
but Morrissey fell like on him.
He pushed him down and he kind of landed on him,
whereas Matheson just pushed Peterson down.
So either way, he's out 8,500, but he didn't get suspended. What did you think, Biz? Should he have gotten similar punishment to what Matheson just pushed Peterson down so either way he's out 8,500 bucks but he didn't get suspended
what did you think Biz should he have gotten similar punishment to what Matheson got?
Listen I hate talking about hits because I feel like every episode now we got to break one down
because the the interwebs blow up but Brooks Orpik when he came on he brought up a good point he said
if you suspend Matheson you're opening up a whole new can of worms as far as
like a new thing you got to discipline and here again we see it and then all of a sudden they
gave Matheson two games and a guy in Morrissey who's got a history does the exact same thing
and then he gets nothing just an 8,500 fine I'm just saying is you're you're you're opening up
for criticism as far as the consistency is concerned,
if I said that right.
But that's how I feel about it.
And, I mean, it's never going to end.
And I feel like every fucking episode
we're going to have to talk about like,
oh, did you see that hit?
Did you see that hit?
It's just those are the times we live in.
I'm just, all I'm going to say is it looked very similar
to the Matheson suspension to me.
Yeah.
I mean, whatever.
Whatever you want to make of it, they look kind of the exact same.
Just the consistent inconsistency of the NHL discipline, basically,
what we've been used to for quite a while now.
The thing is, though, like I don't want  that actually like
George Paros is one of the best guys.
Hey, Biz, you know George, right?
Yeah.
So, like, and I know for a fact that he knows, like,
what he probably thinks is a suspension-worthy hit or a dirty hit,
but it's just a hard job.
I mean, there's so many other
Worst job in the world.
The worst job  I know.
It actually sounds like we're chirping him.
I mean, I'm sure he's making good money, and it's an impressive job that he has,
but it's also hard as shit, especially when you're a player.
Like, you know, you have to suspend guys,
and then you also have to determine what is and what isn't.
So for him, I mean, there's obviously factors that they see.
Like you said, the puck was there as opposed to being away,
and there wasn't, you know, they considered it a retaliation
after Pedersen had kind of burnt Matheson.
But then people look at it like we do and say, wow, they just look the same.
So I feel for him because I don't know how you ever get it right. You're always going to have half the side that disagrees with you.
It's like politics.
Yeah, basically.
Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
So anyways, he's out a few bucks.
Bismarck, we've been hearing quite a bit about the Minnesota wild.
A lot of their fans have been, you know,
wondering what we're going to give them some love.
And I'd say probably right about now. I know,
I know they have lost their last two in a row, but you know,
they're in the arguably the toughest division in the league and they're doing
well. It's weird. They're not leading the league in scoring. I mean,
let's see that they're 12th in goals per game,
7th in goals against.
Their power play is middle of the pack.
The penalty killing is nice, 4th in the league.
But they're getting it done.
And I would say a large reason for that is the goaltending of Devin Dubnik,
9-5, going into Sunday night's game.
I don't have the updated totals.
But 236 GAA and a 925 save percentage.
I'd say he's probably doing the bulk of the work.
They're getting some nice balance scoring from all their lines.
But, you know, I think this is a team, like we've said before,
over the years, this is a team that until they have a playoff run,
they're going to just be known as a team that doesn't do anything.
I mean, their playoff history is basically Andrew Brunette,
Andres and Patrick Watt to get them to the conference finals, but that was 15 years ago.
And I know their fans  when Minnesota people start swearing and getting angry,
then you know they're pissed off at their team.
What year was that, 2003?
03, yeah.
03.
And it's been a while.
And, I mean, their group is fairly old right now.
They're nasty at home.
Yeah, they're a great team i just feel like every
year they they get there and then they burn out in playoffs and they just don't get the job done
and for unless i see anything different it's hard for me to say oh this year's the year
you know and and i and i you know they have a lot of good players there a lot of older guys
who have done a lot of great things in this league but it kind of they kind of remind me like the st louis too they just like st louis a couple of those years like it's like
oh that's the year that's going to be the year and then they always run into that that second
round matchup with when they ended up losing yeah i mean i don't even know they've been pretty
similar over the past that's a good good i mean i wonder actually who's had more wins since 2003, the Blues or the Wild.
But I feel like they both had some rough years around like 2006, 2007.
Maybe I'm wrong there.
And then got better.
Like I'm thinking like when Bacchus got to St. Louis, that was probably 2006,
they started getting good.
Or were they actually good the whole way?
I don't know.
Either way, both teams, like you're saying, can never get over
they just can't even  they can't get to the cup final let alone win it right and until and
until they do make a run then they're gonna have a frustrated fan base and podcast who kind of goof
on them a little bit you know i'd like i'd like to see them make a run man because you know minnesota
does have some great fans they did suffer a terrible loss when the north stars went south
to dallas they didn't do anything and then won won it. And then won it, right, exactly, and not long after they left.
So I wouldn't call them a tortured fan base,
but there's certainly more tortured fan bases in North America.
But they're good people there.
They're good fans.
They deserve a little more, so hopefully the Wild can provide it for them.
Meanwhile, we've got one of the young, budding stars of the NHL
coming up right now, Ottawa Senators forward Brady Kachuk.
He just got back after an injury.
First came back, had a nice little tilt.
I don't know if you guys caught that.
Defending his teammate was good stuff.
So without further ado, we're going to bring our pal Brady Kachuk in right now.
This interview is brought to you by Thursday Boots.
Money, power, a great pair of boots.
You can have it all.
Want to know how?
Stop what you're doing because I'm about to ruin.
Go to your nearest computer, open your internet browser,
and type in the following, Thursdayboots.com.
That's T-H-U-R-S-D-A-Y-V-O-O-T-S.com.
Pick out your favorite pair of beautiful handcrafted boots,
add it to your cart, click checkout,
fill out all your personal information, click purchase.
Boom. It's that easy.
You got money, power, and the best pair of boots money can buy.
It will be all yours.
Winter is coming here in New England.
I need a new fresh pair of boots.
Thursday boots is going to hook me up, and they're going to hook you up too.
Because while results may vary, particularly regarding the money and power,
you're definitely going to have a piss a pair of boots,
and that's what you need in the wintertime.
All right?
This year, get a pair of boots that will last season after season.
Get a pair of boots handcrafted from the highest quality materials
and sold at honest prices.
Get a pair of Thursday boots.
So, head on over to Thursdayboots.com and use the code FREESHIP2DAY.
That's F-R-E-E-S-H-I-P, number two, D-A-Y, money, power,
and a great pair of boots are now only two days away.
And now we are pleased to bring back, we can now call him a reoccurring guest
because he's been on before, before we added the talents of biz,
and he's now in a different place in life.
First-round pick, stud, Ottawa senator, former Boston University Terrier,
Brady Kachuk.
Thanks for coming on the Spitting Chicklets podcast.
How you doing, buddy?
Great, thanks.
Thank you for having me.
Oh, dude, so a lot's changed, right?
We talked to you before in the middle of the world, juniors in Buffalo.
That was last year, correct?
Yes. Okay. changed right we talked to you before in the middle of the world juniors in buffalo that was last year correct yes okay so uh tell me how how you're feeling you know the season's going great for you and where you at in life right now how happy are you dude yeah it's been uh it's been
pretty exciting in that past couple weeks um it was tough you know i got hurt and couldn't play
the first two games of the season against chicago and toronto so it was pretty bum know I got hurt and couldn't play the first two games of the season against
Chicago and Toronto so it was pretty bummed out but no I got to play you know first game in Boston
in front of you know friends and family some of my teammates at BU and it was pretty kind of
surreal to kind of have that story of having a lot of ties to Boston and those a fun game but you know
team we didn't do so well but now is you know it's a great experience and then
I'm playing the you know Philly and LA was knows pretty pretty lucky to get a
couple bounces and no it was just you know pretty exciting and it's obviously
something you don't dream of first go off the skate um
no but it was uh pretty cool but um no i just want to keep keep getting better so um hopefully
that happens the next couple games yeah brady i was at the rowan's home opener which was your
first any nhl game and like you mentioned the whole clan was there and anytime anytime chuck
comes to boston there's nine million people in the audience that normally weren't there.
Did you feel any trepidation in your game?
Were you a little more nervous than you thought you'd be
with so much of the family there?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm not going to lie.
I was pretty nervous before the game.
Just wanted to, you know, for me,
just wanted to play my best in front of the family
and try to, know get a maybe
try to get a goal for them but um no obviously it didn't happen but no it was just um you know
it's a great learning experience and um you know it's the first game of course it's you know
something you dream of to be in the nhl and it was kind of surreal to kind of finally be there and
uh no it was really nerve-wracking but um felt like you got better throughout the game but
um no it was just it was just awesome to kind of share that experience
with everyone there.
Brady, what's it been like being in that Ottawa locker room?
You know, I'd say there's been a little bit of negativity
coming into the season.
It seems like the guys have kind of, you know, gotten together on that.
And it's kind of the, you know, us against the world mentality.
So what's the locker room been like there?
Yeah, yeah.
Honestly, the locker room and the guys have all been great.
Obviously, there's a lot of news with last year and how that was.
But from what I've heard about last year and what I've experienced this year,
it's completely opposite and everyone seems to be real tight. Yeah, like you said, it's, you know, it's completely opposite and everyone seems, you know, to be real tight.
And yeah, like you said, it's kind of us versus everybody.
And everybody's got a lot of doubts about our team.
And I really think we got that group that can surprise a lot of people.
And, you know, we beat, you know, a couple of good teams.
And, you know, we're still pretty young, so we're still learning.
And we're still getting better every day.
So, you know, for us, we all believe that, you know,
we've got a team to really kind of make a difference
and really be an impact team.
So we're just going to kind of go day by day.
But, you know, I've loved it here so far.
Okay, well, you've actually given me my favorite moment so far of the NHL season.
Did you see my tweet?
I did see it.
Oh, boy, was that amazing.
And what we're going to do is we're going to describe what people don't know.
I believe it's LeJoy, right?
Yeah.
Okay, Grinelli calls him LeJoey.
Let him know that our producer thinks his name is Max LeJoie.
So LeJoie decided to inform the people that the first person he texted
when he made the NHL team was his girlfriend,
and you were disgusted by that.
Give me a little breakdown of what went through your head,
because I'm assuming you must have texted one of your boys
or your family, I guess.
Yeah, well, I just think kind of the generic answer is just, you know, the parents and just
because they've been with you, you know, at the youth rink and growing up and stuff.
So when he said girlfriend, I was like, what did I just hear?
Did I really hear that?
And I was just  and that reaction was  it was right on.
I just couldn't believe it. There was no planning for that. So I was just, and that reaction was, it was right on. I just couldn't believe it.
There was no planning for that.
So I was like, wow.
I mean, I was just shocked.
But, I mean, I texted my parents first,
and I just thought for sure he was, you know,
throwing out the parents card.
But caught me off guard, but got a couple laughs after.
The guys on the team loved it.
So I know he's not mad
and his girlfriend's not mad at me either.
All good things.
Yeah, that's the way I took it. Not like,
oh, this guy's whipped. It's more like, yeah,
your family and your parents have been
there from day one, so you've done the
nod for us. Not so much the lady.
Is it true you're living with
Mark Stone? Is he basically your billet this
year? Yeah. I call him my billet? Is he basically your billet this year?
Yeah, yeah.
I call him my billet dad and his girlfriend my billet mom.
So it's been great, and he's been really good to me.
Your dad's a billet this season as well.
What's Robbie Thomas, he's living with your dad and mom back in St. Louis as well, correct?
Yeah, yeah, he is.
A little what goes around comes around, correct? Yeah, yeah, he is. A little what goes around comes around, huh?
Yeah, my dad, you know, he
billeted a couple other guys like David Backus
when he was entering the league,
Lee Stempniak, Phil McCrae.
Just trying to get the girls to your money.
Yeah, exactly.
I don't think he...
I'm sorry, your father didn't have a billet
in Winnipeg, though, did he? I don't think he  I'm sorry. Your father didn't have a billet in Winnipeg, though, did he?
I don't think so.
I think he  to be honest with you, I think my mom's parents
and my mom were kind of his billets.
He moved in pretty early when  because they met up there.
So, yeah, those are his billets.
I know he could have used one.
Brady, did you love hanging around the locker room
when your dad was playing?
Did you love being around the rink?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Some of my best memories are at the rink,
just hanging around,
just kind of just being a little kid,
fight with Matthew all over the place,
whether it was in the athletic training room
or in the locker room on the ice before practice.
It was so much fun.
Got to meet a lot of great people and a lot of people that are still in the NHL now.
So it's been  those are some of my best memories growing up.
Hey, I'm curious to know who was like the one guy you guys gravitated towards?
Like who was the one vet that would always joke around you guys,
maybe even jump back on the ice and play with you guys?
Yeah, well, there's some good guys.
There's, you know, Barrett Jackman was one.
You know, Cam Jansen, my brother and I loved.
He was such a funny guy.
He was always joking around.
And, yeah, just something like David Backus,
just because, you know, he lived around the house
and played many sticks with us and really made an effort.
So there's a lot of guys that, you know, he lived around the house and, you know, played many sticks with us and really made an effort. So there's a lot of guys that, you know, really, you know,
kind of made it fun for Matthew and I.
They always, you know, were playing many sticks or hopping on the ice before.
So, you know, it's pretty fun.
And now I was fortunate to play against David Beck at his first game.
It was pretty cool to kind of be on the same ice with him.
Is it true Chris Pronga wouldn't hesitate to bury a kid?
Yeah.
He's one of the guys that definitely wouldn't be afraid to.
I don't think he buried me.
I can't say if it happened to Matthew,
but I don't think he buried me when I was younger.
Wouldn't be surprised.
What's been the biggest adjustment you know obviously going
from college to the pro or is it still on the fly you haven't even really adjusted fully completely
yet yeah i i think for for me it's just um you know the speed um everyone's always everyone's
so fast and and and the pace and and the amount of time you have to make plays.
It's pretty slim, and you kind of have to think a couple plays before you get it to know what to do with the puck.
So I think those are the two, and I'm still learning a lot every game,
every practice, and I'm just trying to apply it every time I'm on the ice.
Brady, you mentioned scrapping with your brother.
Obviously, I would assume because he's a little older,
he'd probably beat you up most of the time.
But how did he turn into be such a rat?
Yeah.
Honestly, I'm still trying to figure out.
I think it's great to see him.
Some high-end guys in the NHL just absolutely hate him.
And if you really know him, he's just a soft teddy bear
who you know he's not going to fight
so for me he doesn't
try to or he definitely tries to pick on me
but he knows not to fight because
if you ask my dad
they already know the outcome of my brother
and I fight
would you get him?
Keith said he would dummy him
you can beat up your brother Oh, would you get him? Oh, yeah. Keith said he would dummy him. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
You can beat up your brother.
I mean, Matthew would probably say otherwise,
but I think my dad and I both know.
Do you think that it could ever get to a point
where he would piss you off so much in a game, in the NHL,
where you could see yourself scrapping?
I don't know about, I mean, I know how mad my mom would get.
She would probably, she'd probably,
she'd probably fight me and Matthew after and then fight my dad after that.
Just a fun game.
We're going to try to try to not have that on the ice.
Oh, so your mom doesn't like the fighting to begin with but if you
two both went at it she would just lose her mind yeah i don't think she she minds the fighting i
think she just thinks it's a part of the game but if it's if it's between matthew and i she's
she would not be a happy cat and she gets out there with a magazine on the ice and she's
hitting you guys in the head to get in the box
oh she would try to do anything in the head to get in the box.
Oh, jeez.
She would try to do anything in her power to get in the box just to fight us.
Oh, unreal.
Did you buy a car yet?
I even
bought one up here.
Trying to set up a deal here in the next
couple of days.
Oh, he's cutting off
Brady Bissonnette.
I mean, just trying to cut deals as much as I can.
Ash, you want me to package you a deal?
You want me to try to get something going?
I mean, we've got to use the sources somehow.
I'll say we just had you on the podcast,
and anyone in Ottawa, Brady's looking for a handout.
Hey, Brady, the only thing for a handout. Hey, Brady.
The only thing you got to do, though, is you got to take an Ottawa Senator's
booster club member's virginity in the backseat of it.
Hey, Brady.
Or not.
What's Guy Boucher's scar from?
I know you know.
I actually don't know.
Really?
To be honest, I haven't really thought much of it.
I mean, I've heard rumors, but I don't know what it's from.
You're getting sent to Belleville.
You're done, buddy.
Yeah.
Yeah, hopefully that doesn't get out, but I don't know.
I don't know what it's from.
I have no idea.
He's never told anyone.
I didn't know if his players might have known.
Yeah, we don't know.
Has anyone ever asked him?
Yeah, I think media's asked him.
It's like Tina Fey.
It's a big mystery.
She's crazy.
I think one of our Twitter followers might know,
so they might tweet us the answer. It has to be out there
somewhere. This isn't like the fucking
national treasure.
Brady, tell me what it was like when
you had to tell Albie you were
leaving school. I know that decision was
probably tough, but you were obviously ready
for the NHL, so I'm guessing he kind of
wished you the best
of luck and understood but still probably hard for you to leave your buddies no yeah it was um
for me it was a pretty to be honest with you pretty pretty emotional day it was just um you
know it's real hard to kind of leave a place you loved as i love my my year there at bu is uh
that was a great experience and like you said i, I, you know, made a lot of great friendships. So, um, you know, it was real tough and the phone call was,
no, it was tough, but, um, no, he just wished me, wished me all the best and just said,
good luck this year. So, um, no, he's, he's a great coach and, and, and the BU team's in great
hands. So, um, yeah, so it just kind of went like that, and, you know, it was all good.
Well, one of your teammates, I brought this up, actually,
Patrick Harper, Nashville Predators draft pick, I believe.
I was going through his Instagram somehow in a rabbit hole,
and I saw you just giving it to him on almost every picture.
He's just pretty a punching bag, Todd.
Yeah, he's one of my best buddies
there, so I have to give it
to him on some of those pics that he posts.
Why? Is he trying
to be an IG model?
I mean, he doesn't have the
looks for it, but
he's got a couple
shirtless photos,
but I have to kind of level head on him.
His head gets a little big.
Brady, what do you make of under your picture?
I think it was NHL's Instagram.
One kid goes, he looks like a thumb.
Did you see that?
I didn't see that. The things I do see is me getting compared to Dale Doback.
So I'm getting used to that.
So those are the only ones I see.
Yeah, John C. Riley.
That's not a bad guy to be compared to, John Riley.
Yeah, the nickname on the team is Dragon.
The nickname for Dale Dobeck's
stepbrother. It's pretty funny.
No fucking way.
Yeah.
Oh my god. Tell us more
funny shit that's going on in that Ottawa Center.
Who's the goof in the room besides you?
Colin White's a pretty big goof.
He's a
funny one.
Everyone loves him. Who's a funny one. The rat rink.
Everyone loves him.
Oh, yeah.
Who's he picking on the most?
Who's he picking on the most?
Duchesne?
No, I think there's a couple guys all over Colin.
There's a lot of chirps about his hair and how he's losing his hair already
at 21 years old.
Oh, well, we got a dick pill that we advertise for called HIMS,
and it helps with hair loss, so we should send him some.
Yeah, we got to introduce that to Colin.
Well, if he's got a problem getting hard, it's two birds, one stone.
Come on, man.
Let's get him some HIMS.
HIMS.com.
He's just got to get ahead of it.
Get the surgery now before everyone really notices.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, hey, we got to introduce him to Keith Yandles, buddy.
Oh, my gosh.
Did you hear the story, Brady?
No, I didn't.
His one buddy went from looking like R.A. Scalp to looking like fucking,
I mean, I would even say a nice head of hair.
I'm starting to lose. I'm starting to thin a little bit too.
I might have to hop on that surgery train.
Really? Not the hands?
I don't want to be bald.
Brady,
going back to the first goal.
It hit your skate, did you say?
Did you know that it was yours right away?
That you were going to get credit for it?
Yeah, I knew
it hit off my skate, but I saw Tierney was celebrating,
so I didn't want to go in there and be like, oh, guys, it hit my skate, my goals.
I just kind of kept it low-key going into the line,
but I told Chris Weidman that it might have hit off my skate,
so I didn't want to make it a big deal because, to be honest with you,
I was like, did the first one really go off my skate?
And then kind of lucky enough to get that other one to go on
to kind of make it feel better about the goal.
I didn't want to feel like a scumbag trying to take somebody else's goal.
But, no, it was all fun and games, and they had a good time with it.
Brady, what's wrong with scoring your first NHL goal off your skate?
I mean, there's nothing wrong with it.
There's no
Don't retract your statement.
I scored my first NHL goal off my skate.
Are you trying to downplay my first NHL goal, man?
I am not.
They cut the tape. What the fuck,
dude? Seriously.
Hey, second one was
a tuck. Second one was a
nave. Yeah, that's what I wanted
to ask about. Did you even surprise yourself
with that second goal? You come across the blue line
and just kind of ripped it past an NHL
goalie. Did you even say, holy shit,
I just did that?
To be honest, it was kind of ripped it past an NHL goalie? Did you even say, holy shit, I just did that? To be honest, it was kind of a blur from having the puck in the blue line
and just kind of shot it.
And then the D kind of screened me, so I didn't really see it went in,
but kind of heard the reaction, and then kind of was pretty pumped up from there.
Brady, your coach is typically very defensive-minded.
Is he letting you guys kind of fly a little bit more this year?
Yeah, I think, you know, he's with the systems.
He's really kind of changing around.
He really, you know, makes sure we're really not offensive,
but we're real aggressive on, like like the forward check and stuff like that.
No, he really wants us to play kind of with pace
and transition fast and stuff like that.
So it's been great.
I remember when I watched him in the past, he'd been real defensive,
but I don't think there's any part of our system that's defensive.
So that's been nice, and it's been nice to kind of transition
and play fast.
It's, you know, like having kind of the puck, you know,
on our sticks and making plays too.
He's really kind of not priding us on, but really wants us to kind of make plays
and kind of use our offensive skill too.
Brady, what's been the most pleasantly surprising thing about Ottawa?
I mean,
it's a great
city. It's a smaller
city, but everyone
loves their hockey here.
Even today at the store,
Mark and I went to the store
and some people recognized us
and was talking to Mark so it was it's pretty cool for kind of that to happen coming from college where
just kind of all college students just hanging out and going to class to kind of come here and
and kept being recognized at the grocery store so i think that's kind of been the surprising and
pretty cool part now are you a celts fan i fan? In that clip we were talking about earlier, you had a Celts hoodie on.
Are you a big Celts fan?
Yeah, I'm a big fan.
Got to go to a game last year, and it was pretty cool.
I'm a big fan of them, and they're fun to watch.
Where'd you sit?
Were you courtside?
Courtside, not a big deal, though.
Oh, were you? Check that out,caa holy shit oh yeah oh you're gonna flag down your toast buddy yeah i'm taking one uh taking one of my buddies down too shane
bowers no but it was uh it was a gift from my gift from my brother so it was a pretty cool gift
did boston offer you more money to stay when you told them you were going to the NHL?
BU doesn't do that shit, Biz.
We're classy.
Let him answer the question.
There is no under the table money, unfortunately.
Besides, Big Walt would have taken it all from you anyway.
Hey, sniffle in the microphone like RA if they paid you.
Okay.
Oh, shit, Brady.
Wow, they must have you
bugged, eh?
Hey, dude, thank you
so much for coming on. This is great. You're now
two times Spittin' Chicklets
guest, and I know there'll be a third, and continue
to rip it up. Pretty impressive start for you,
man, and we're very happy for you, so thank you
for coming on.
Thank you so much. Really appreciate it.
And, hey,
Grinnelly wants you to tell LeJoie
what's up. LeJoie!
LeJoie!
LeJoie!
See you, buddy.
All right, let's see. Thank you.
Thanks, Brady. That interview was also brought to you by
Keeps.
What's up, gang?
Maybe you notice you probably have a little bit here than you used to have.
Maybe you're not sure if there's a solution.
Now, you see me, you see my picture on the spit and chiclets gear.
I'm bald.
It's too late for me, guys.
But if you're thinning up top or you're starting to lose in your 20s,
it's not too late for you, all right?
That's what Keeps is for.
There are two clinically proven medications that let you keep your hair, and now they're inexpensive and easy to get. You don't need to
lose your hair if you don't want to. Again, I wish I had a time machine. I can go back and do things
over, but I can't. But again, you guys can. That's what Keeps is here for, and you're going to take
advantage of it, all right? For five minutes now and just a dollar a day, you never have to worry
about hair loss again. Again, man, I had my hair.
I used to spend money on gel, combs, brushes, all that crap.
I can't anymore because I'm bald.
You don't want to be like me and your fudge.
You want to have a nice full head of hair.
Starting with Keeps is so easy.
It takes five minutes to sign up, less than five minutes.
Answer a few questions, snap a few pics.
A licensed doctor looks at your info, says what the right treatment is for you.
Don't even have to leave your couch. No co-pays, no nurses, no blood pressure checks, none of that crap.
Keeps offers generic versions of the only two FDA approved hair loss products out there.
Probably even tried them before, but you never got them for this price. Keeps is only 10 to 35
a month. Plus now you get your first month free. Can't beat that. One hell of a deal for getting
to keep your hair. Man, I wish they had this a long time ago. I'd be a happy camper, but there's no reason to
put it off any longer for you. Stop hair loss today the easy way with Keeps. To receive your
first month of treatment for free, go to keeps.com slash chicklets. That's K-E-E-P-S.com slash
chicklets. That's a free month of treatment at keeps.com slash chicklets.
Keeps.
Hair today, hair tomorrow.
Big thank you to Brady Kachuk for coming on.
Of course, we interviewed him before his fight.
We had this one banked.
I know we're going to be getting ragged on for that one,
but I thought his quote after the fight,
because whoever hit Mark Stone, he felt that he went high on him.
So this is Brady's quote.
I just thought it was a high hit, and especially on my landlord, Mark Stone.
That's me paying rent.
So that's a funny quote.
You can tell he's got that Walt gene where everything turns into a joke,
and he's going to be a stud in this league.
He's a throwback boys
yeah just that abdul-qaeda that was that was who we uh we got his first w over and he definitely
him and his brother they even though they were born and raised in st louis they definitely have
that kind of mass hole gene in them via their old man so once again thank you to him for coming on
and uh before we bring it on bring in our battle of alberta insider uh eric carlson
finally scored his first goal as a san jose shark you could tell there was a lot of relief he went
right to the bench did the knuckles before even touching anyone on the ice and uh ended up having
a big hug after that he's been facing a lot of criticism uh in san jose for a start online the
the comments have been fairly nasty so happy for him because you
know it's not always easy going into another situation especially when you have to share that
star defenseman role with Brent Burns it's and and this brings me to another question guys
I saw a proposal for for a trade online where for Nylander for Carlson and not saying it would
happen or it could even be done because I believe Carlson and not saying it would happen or it
could even be done.
Cause I believe Carlson would have to waive his no trade clause cause he
still has it.
But it was,
I mean,
do you know if Carlson based on the fact that he hasn't necessarily played
up to his potential in San Jose and he's sharing that first like the star
defenseman role with Brent Burns,
he's up at the end of this year.
You could,
I mean,
is that,
I mean,
maybe Toronto wouldn't do it because
they wouldn't sure wouldn't be sure if they could lock up carlson either but i mean christ i mean
what do you think there i can't for carlson i can't see him getting traded again i mean or even
a team giving up a ton a ton of value to get him because like you said he's he's going to be
unrestricted after this year unless they get, you know,
indication that he's going to sign long-term there.
Where did you read that trade?
Don't tell me HF boards.
No, no.
I just see some pop up online.
I also saw a Nylander for Letang trade where I was like, ah, like, yeah,
it is a little ridiculous.
But then you're like, well, Letang's getting a little bit older.
little ridiculous but then you're like well letang letang's getting a little bit older you know i i mean the window for for pittsburgh's closing kneelander is is a very good skill forward
that plays at that type of pace that they want up front for pittsburgh listen i'm not saying
they're going to happen i'm not saying i would do them i just read them and i'm like eh they make a
little bit of sense there's another name i read too um i'm not really a would do them. I just read them, and I'm like, eh, they make a little bit of sense.
There's another name I read, too.
Not really a trade rumor, but someone was doing what they were doing,
kind of speculating.
Dougie Hamilton was another name that they threw out. What? Already?
Yeah, right.
Well, no, they weren't saying that there was any smoke to that particular fire
or any fire to that particular smoke.
This person I forget who wrote it was just saying, hey,
that one might be a good trade partner for them because, you know,
Toronto's going to be looking for a D-man if they unload him.
I mean, he'll fit in probably anywhere he goes.
But, you know, they got a December 1st deadline.
It is a team-imposed deadline, so they can violate their own deadline.
But you got to think he's going to be probably gone at this point.
I mean, you got to think  I mean, you guys actually
how soon before he'll lose teammates in the room?
I don't think he's going to play this year.
He's got to sign by December 1st.
Long story short, the reason I threw out those names
is because it's going to have to be something decently significant
in order to make the trade for Toronto.
And then, of course, the team would be getting Nylander back,
so that's a pretty good return.
I just don't see them doing anything and doing a type of  maybe like a Hammonick or  I mean, I don't, I don't see them doing anything and doing like a type of like,
maybe like a hammock or,
I mean,
who is,
who is the other one?
Like a,
like a Carlson,
not Carlson,
like a Larson.
Now,
like,
I don't think that's going to be enough to,
to,
to do it.
How long,
how long does this go on for?
What,
what like Nylander before the guys in the room,
his teammates say,
fuck this guy.
I don't think it's like that.
It's like, handle your business. Okay. All his teammates say, fuck this guy. No, I don't think it's like that. It's like handle your business.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Yeah.
I mean, I think people, yeah, if you know, this is your life,
your future, your money, your, you know, your career.
So do what you want.
A lot of them probably wish he was playing,
but what are you going to do?
Like hate the guy because he's trying to get paid?
I don't know.
Yeah.
You guys just heard from Brady Kachuk of the Ottawa Senators.
We all know his brother.
His older brother, Matthew, is the pest extraordinaire for the Calgary Flames.
We had the first Battle of Alberta of the season Saturday night,
and boy, did Matthew Kachuk make himself a part of that.
And because of that, we're going to bring in a very special guest.
We're going to bring back, discuss it.
He was at the game last night.
So let's bring on our buddy, Kami, a.k.a. Mike Commodore.
Kami, it's a pleasure.
It's a pleasure to talk to you again.
I'm very interested to hear
everyone here knows that you were at the
game the other night, the first battle
of Alberta of the season.
You know, I'm guessing
you floored it. I'm assuming
you might have floored it. I saw a picture of you.
Some guy creeped on you in the bar.
That's a short haircut. You actually looked
great, I thought. So give me the night
rundown of what you thought of the game.
Yeah, so
I wasn't sure if I was going to go. I've kind of
been on the wagon a little bit here for the month of
November, trying to ease off the sauce a little
bit. But it was the first battle
Alberta. Yeah, thank you. I've been doing all right.
I'm like, well, I i should go so what i did was i uh my night kicked off at home i went and i took a
little bit of you know marijuana is illegal here now so i took i've been experimenting with this
weed oil i'm not very well versed in it but so i took some oils got a pretty good buzz going it
felt pretty good took a cab down to the rink had a couple
drinks there during the first period and then james neal left me tickets so i could uh because
i didn't want to go up to the alumni box so he left me a couple tickets well a ticket sorry and
uh yeah which was nice of him and then i went down i was going to watch the game first period
was good period there's a lot of action going on i was just sitting in the bar in the rink watching
it so i figure i go to my seats.
I walk down to my seat.
Like this is, you know, a little break, five minutes into the second period.
And there's like this 14-year-old kid in my seat.
He's got glasses on.
He's got binoculars sitting in his lap.
So I'm like, I look and I'm like, you know, the play is going to start up.
I'm like, hey, I think you're in my seat, man.
And he just looks at me, doesn't say a word, doesn't move,
and just keeps watching the game.
So I'm just standing there right in the middle of the aisle.
I'm like, well, what am I going to do, throw this kid out?
Like everybody's looking at me.
I'm in the lower bowl.
Obviously, this kid came up from the nosebleed and just sat down.
So the kid ran my show.
I just turned around, walked up the stairs, and went back to the bar and watched the rest of the game on TV.
The kid totally dummied me. But it was good.
It was a good game. I don't know. Did you guys watch it?
Yeah, we did. We treated you
like a complete peasant. That
is, I mean...
Like, didn't even reach for a ticket.
Didn't even say a word at me.
Looked at me like it was an idiot. And I'm like,
I double-checked my ticket. I'm like, man, that's my seat.
And I'm like, I felt like just a knob.
I'm like, well, I guess I'm out of here.
And I just heard a couple guys laughing at me on the way up.
Okay, so did you not kick him out because you didn't want to be that guy?
Because you know you would have heard about it because all these people know who you are.
And all of a sudden, you're dummying a 14-year-old out of your seat, and then you're the bad guy?
Is that why you
That's why, yeah.
I was like, i had a limited
time frame right because i felt like a donkey standing there when the play was going to start
back up again and then you know i'm walking downstairs i got people like oh you in one you
in one i'm like yeah i am in one actually so i'll kind of give a wave or whatever and then yeah i
didn't want to be the guy that like grabbed some 14 year old kid by the collar of his shirt and
yank him out of my chair and sit out so i can watch the game it looked like a fucking asshole so i just took it and went back to the bar i think that has
a lot to do with the weed oil because you're very non-confrontational when you're on the marijuanas
is that one of the side effects i was very non-confrontational i was just looking to have
a nice time yeah he's always non-confrontational until someone really tests you oh yeah until
someone throws a right hook at the fucking PETA stand.
That's true.
I try and keep it real low-key unless
somebody suckers me for no reason.
Then I get pissed off.
Can I...
Oh, never mind. Tell us whatever you were going to talk about.
No, no. I'll tell you
about the game first. Then I do have to come clean
for the spit and chicklets
listeners because I accidentally screwed up my last story last time I was on, but I'll get to that later. No, the game was good. I have to come clean for the spit and chicklets listeners because I accidentally screwed up my
last story last time I was on but I'll get to that later
no the game was good I mean there was a little bit of fire
you know which you don't really see all that often anymore
the Flames came back
the Flames are like
part of me thinks they're not that great but they're
a good third period team I don't know how many wins
they've had coming from behind but
yeah the game was good I mean I had a good time
but like I said I mean I basically just watched it like anybody else did
that wasn't at the game because I just watched it on TV.
All right.
So I'm very curious to get your opinion on Matthew Kachuk in the game.
He went over.
He had a little dust-up with McDavid.
He kind of jumped on top of McDavid after he'd already been hit.
Then Kassian comes out before the face-off.
He's like, we're going to fight.
We're fighting.
We're fighting what Jackman did to me.
And Kachuk just backs up, won't fight him, won't fight him.
And then, you know, he gets suckered.
I guess you can call it a sucker job.
Maybe not.
But Kassian gets like 30 minutes in penalties.
Are you then calling Kachuk a turtle, like a bitch?
Or are you like, why?
My opinion is, why would he fight him?
He's going to get dummied by him.
What is he going to gain out of fighting him?
I think in general,
I think the game,
how it's played these days,
I think Matthew Kachuk's
a good player, don't get me wrong.
It's amazing now
that if he was pulling this stuff,
not that he couldn't get away with it, but he would have jumped a lot more often back when we were playing like
you know what we started you know last decade whatever i don't think he would be able to get
away with it as much but the the way the game is played now is like geared up perfect for somebody
like him because he can basically do whatever he wants and then other the you know and cassian
obviously would have fed him his lunch and but
the it's set up where you can get i mean he can get away with just kind of folding and yeah i mean
if i'm matthew kachuk why would i fight him like i know i'm gonna get smoked like there's no point
i'm better off trying to trying to get a penalty i don't love it but that's just the way the game's
played well that i mean he's a point of gamegame guy. He's pretty relative to that lineup.
I don't think they want him sitting out or breaking his hand on a guy like Cassian,
and that's no offense to Cass because, you know, I love him.
But, yeah, I feel that.
Cassian played good last night.
Yeah, no, no, he's a solid player.
He's not Matthew Kachuk, though.
No, no, definitely not.
I feel, though, if you do cross a line and go at McDavid,
that you're open game.
That's just  you want a guy like that in the lineup every night
for the sake of hockey.
So it's kind of like a, hey, if you think you can go after him,
you deserve to get a few shots to the head.
And, hey, I love the way Matthew Kachuk plays.
He's a fucking  he irritates guys.
He plays physical. He can put the puck in the way Matthew Kachuk plays. He's a fucking  he irritates guys. He plays physical.
He can put the puck in the net.
He can make plays.
But I have no problem with what Kassian did.
I totally agree.
I have no problem.
I mean, when I saw it when I was watching that happen
and when he kind of fell on McDavid or whatever he was doing there
in the first period and I was sitting in the bar watching the game on TV
and I was like, oh, boy. I'm like, this is going to open up. Because, I mean, the Oilers are one sitting in the bar watching the game on tv and i was like oh boy
i'm like this is gonna open up because i mean the oilers are one of the if not the toughest they're
one of the toughest teams in the league right now unfortunately that rarely comes into play anymore
but when i saw it happen i was like matthew kachuk might be getting his lunch fed to him by luchik
but i mean like i said i mean luchik what can he do i mean matthew kachuk's obviously not going to
fight him but no i thought it was kachuk is an excellent player that's very irritating.
I thought Kassian's response was good.
I thought it was  I mean, it led to a pretty good atmosphere at the rink.
I'll tell you that.
At this pace, man, he could be one of the most hated Flames ever.
I mean, like Twitter absolutely hates him.
I know Twitter's not everything, but it is pretty indicative of how Edmonton fans feel. They were all on my
feed last night. I'm like, hey, yelling at me.
I'm like, look, I got no dog in this
fight, but they were taking it to him. Did you get a good
look at the Don Elnur,
Sam Bennett fight, Mike?
You know what? I didn't. I got to the
rink right. I missed it, and then I
saw it kind of a little bit on the highlights after the game
on the TV when they were showing highlights.
So I did see it. I kind of, by this of by this time I was you know a few doubles deep and the weed oil
had a full effect on me so I can't say I was really analyzing it but it looked like a pretty
good fight from what I saw yep Bennett had bundled them with a clean hard check after but I don't
when they were getting broken up by the linesman you could see you could read nurse's lips playing
his day saying let us fucking go let us fucking. He was screaming at the linesman to let them keep going, but wasn't having it.
Okay.
You know what?
That's Sam Bennett.
I mean, he's a pretty good, you know, I mean, maybe he's not living up to his draft position.
Who cares?
I mean, he gets drafted and that's him.
I mean, just go.
Do as best you can.
But, you know, offensively, I mean, he can do, he has all the skills and everything.
I don't think he has a great mind offensively once he gets inside the zone.
But, like, that kid can honestly, I don't know if you guys have seen him fight before.
He's fought a couple times.
That kid can fight.
Like, if he did that every once in a while, and I know fighting's not a big part of the game,
but, like, every once in a while, if he was like, you know what, I've had,
and he's not going to have to fight Milan Lucic.
You know, he's going to fight somebody his size.
Every once in a while, if he, he like snapped and grabbed somebody and pumped them i mean he would get more space on the ice and that would
lead to i mean give him more time to decide what to do with the puck especially in the offensive
end i think you should do that a little bit more not all the time but every once in a while wouldn't
hurt if he had four or five of those fights a year he'd probably get 10 more points like you
get you could actually probably equate a little more space
and playing a little better
if guys just started being, not scared of
him, but knowing that he may just
drop his mitts and just dummy someone
at any point in time. I want to know
though, Connie. For sure. I want to know
Real Deal, how's he doing?
Have you hung out with him or
has he been busy and shit?
No, no. I've hung out with Real Deal.
We keep in touch pretty good.
Does he like it there?
Yeah, yeah.
Like, he likes to sit.
I mean, does he like being here and playing?
Yes.
Does he like how things are going?
No, he doesn't like that.
So I would say, I mean, being totally honest,
his experience so far has been horseshit.
But, I mean, if he scores a couple goals and things come around for him,
that'll change instantly.
But, yeah, kind of a tough start for him.
I mean, I've talked to him quite a bit about it.
You know what kind of screwed him a little bit?
Now, I know he signed after it happened,
but, I mean, Calgary came over the top and was paying him, I think,
significantly more than anybody else.
The fact that with Billy Babcock,
I mean, Billy Peters in here,
bringing in his boy there,
his boy from Carolina, that Lindholm,
that, in my opinion, has hurt James
because obviously Peters is going to give
that Lindholm guy ample opportunity.
I mean, he brought him in here,
so he wants to look good.
So he's going to play Lindholm.
So Lindholm's getting the first crack at,
I mean, if you want to score points on this Flames team team you want to play with Gaudreau and Monaghan you're going to put up points it's as simple as that yeah and he's gotten
that opportunity to this date and James I mean to be James just hasn't I mean James needs to play a
little bit better and he knows that and he should I mean I don't care who you're playing with he
should have more than three goals by now.
It's not like the opportunities have been there in real plentiful form either.
He can get hot.
I think it's kind of a new thing for him.
I actually haven't talked to him about this, but I think it's a little bit new.
It's a tough start.
It's a new city.
But he's not in Vegas.
He's not in Nashville.
I know Pittsburgh's like Canada when it comes to hockey,
but this is his first time playing.
I'm sure when he goes out and around town, everybody knows who he is.
I think he probably feels like, geez, I've got to get this going.
I can't go anywhere.
All eyes are on me.
I'm getting carved left and right.
Hopefully he gets it going soon. I think he will.
Canada's a different beast.
That's for sure.
And that Lynn Holm hasn't dropped the ball either.
He's been given the opportunity.
He's been running with it.
11 goals, 10 assists for 21 points.
Now we said you were an insider, but by the sounds of it,
you were more of an outsider in that game because you missed their nurse fight.
Then you had to sit on the concourse and watch the game.
Now tell us about this story that you messed up on the last podcast yes okay so last time i was on was a while ago but you guys remember the story
that i told about uh dipshit babcock scratching mike medano for three games yeah oh yeah okay
so i told that story so i have to i don't want to be seen as lying or making shit up. So I got lit up a little bit on Twitter saying, that's not true.
Somebody sent me the game sheet, like the list of the games that he played that year.
And he did play the last game.
So I was like, oh, shit, I screwed this story up.
So I did a little bit of digging, talked to some guys who used to play for the Wings,
and I messed the story up.
So how it worked out was it's the same premise Mike was hurt
came back had like let's call it like 10 or 11 games left in the season if he played all of them
he would have got to 1500 games Babcock didn't scratch in the last three dipshit fucking
scratched him on like game 76 or 77 scratched him for one game so he ended up missing 1500 so he had 1499 games played so i
just wanted to set that straight now i asked the guy i'm like hey i'm like when he scratched him
did he know what he was doing like did was he aware that this was gonna fuck medano on getting
the 1500 games and the guy was like 1000 that's why he did it okay so good so i just wanted to
set that i wanted to set that straight.
I did do some research after that because people were sending tweets,
and we were tagged in them, of course.
Yeah.
Now, did you see what he did recently, though?
I think he's turned a new leaf, no pun intended.
Oh.
No, I haven't.
I haven't, but tell me.
I don't think he wants to.
Matthews was injured, and he was supposed to stay back in Toronto, and he said, you know, I bring him  he brought him on the California road trip,
even though he wasn't supposed to come because he wasn't going to play,
to hang out with the boys and just be around the locker room.
And I thought that was a very heartwarming story.
And, you know, I think
Heartwarming.
Maybe Babcock's changed his ways, Mike.
I know what you're trying to do here, Paulul my heart rate is getting up there a little bit i wouldn't call the fact that he let his best
player come on the road trip heartwarming i wouldn't word it like that and i would
fucking guarantee that mike babcock if he's changing leads it ain't for the fucking better
he's just getting worse um but yeah fuck that guy i know you like
him paul i know he's a big no no hey listen i we're buddies and and i and i'm buddies with you
and he asked me for a picture one time in the hallway in arizona and ever since then and then
he asked me to come to his charity golf tournament and hey listen and i let you go to that fucking
thing no uh no i was i was too busy winning a Calder Cup.
Not a big deal.
You know what the weirdest part of that story, though, is when he called me?
I think they were down 3-0 in playoffs.
I got a call from a Michigan number.
I answered.
It was Mike Babcock calling Paul Bissonnette.
He's an A.H.L.
I couldn't believe it.
So, you know, I don't want to pick sides, Mike.
That's all I'm saying.
Did you change your phone number right away after so he can't call you again?
No.
He, like, Biz made sure it never got deleted.
He put it in a folder where if he lost his phone,
he'd always have Babcock's number.
But Biz texts with him and stuff, 100.
You know what going around and
i end up carving this guy probably a little bit more publicly than i should but i don't give a
fuck i can't help myself you know what really fucking makes me happy is you know in the summer
and when i go around town here a little bit and i do the odd charity event here in calgary or
playing a little golf thing or whatever it is whatever the event is around here it warm here's
what's heartwarming you know know, sometimes I'm like,
maybe I should just stop carving this guy. Like I'm really,
I don't need to get to fucking open up my Twitter feed.
And I got every big span calling me a fucking loser. I'm like, Jesus Christ,
this gets tired of reading it. But every once in a while,
somebody will come up to me like a good person will come up to me and be like,
Hey Mike, I just want to let you know that I've met Mike Babcock too.
And I totally agree with your assessment.
That guy was the biggest fucking piece of shit I ever met.
Keep carving him.
And I'm like, you know what?
I think I am going to keep carving him.
Fuck that guy.
Oh, fuck.
You and Soulful should start a podcast together.
Oh, you know what?
I haven't listened to the whole thing, but yeah, he was carving Crawford, wasn't he?
That Crawford's supposed to be a dick.
I don't know.
Biz is also boys with him
come on here come on I like that guy too listen he he's gonna come on the podcast after he's done
coaching and we're gonna get his side of things you know and maybe Babcock will come on from
once he's done coaching in what 10-15 years and maybe he'll give his side of what happened with
you and him but Mike since you're here I're here, I was hoping maybe you'd stick around
for our Selly season.
We've teamed up with Budweiser Canada, and last week we talked
about all the best goal celebrations so far this season.
The other night, Radulov had a couple, and he had a fun one.
So what we want people to do is take clips of these celebrations,
and we want them to break it down and make us laugh.
And the other day, a Buffalo Sabres fan, his name's Sam Obli,
who is actually going to win the goal light that I promised for fans
whoever broke down the best one.
He had a funny one with Rasmus Ristelainen,
who scored the OT winner in montreal
so uh congratulations to sam um he was animated and he hashtagged the selly season tagged the
budweiser canada and spit and chiclets accounts and uh and he graded the goal celebration so what
we're going to do this week though is we're going to take some iconic celebrations and we're going
to put them in a bracket the eight best goal celebrations of all time and and we're going to grade them quickly
here in the first uh first round matchup we have patrick kane in his uh his knee slide when he
eliminated the kings in overtime uh guys was that the hatrick goal you mentioned yep it was the
third goal of the game so you you know what celebration we're talking about, right?
Yeah, yeah, I can picture it, yeah.
But we're going to put that one against the game six
against Edmonton celebration that Theo Fleury had
when he went on his knees as well.
So we have an old school one matched with a newer school one,
but both very important goals.
Which one would you say was uh more iconic
um those are both great i am gonna go with the flurry one though as much as i like patrick
kane and that was a good celebration that flurry one i think is tough to talk well we know where
you live too i mean you're up here and i live in calgary yes yeah i'm up in calgary and i cto
every once in a while too too, being totally honest.
But that was still a great celebration.
I have to say that, regardless of whether I was in Calgary or not.
That was his first goal of the series for Theo Fleury,
which was obviously a big one in the Game 6. But Patrick Kane, man, OT, hat-trick goal to eliminate the Kings
and move on to the fucking Stanley Cup final?
That they won.
So you guys are leaning the other way?
I mean, look, I can't
argue with that either. They're both great.
But it's about the celebration. I'll pick Theo, but I can see
the other way. Okay, well, I'm going to
pick Cato. I like the celebration. When Theo went flying
down the ice, when he went flying down the ice on the knee
and went end-to-end on his knees, I mean, that's pretty
good, isn't it? Exactly. I agree with
you, Connie, because we're talking about the celebration,
not the importance of the goal.
And he went fucking probably 185 feet sliding down the ice so i mean it's he's still here today 20 something
years later so i'm on your side with this one connie yeah but wit you said that when patrick
kane went down on his knees he like opened up the window and he did something really cool with his
arm that was like it was just badass well i think he kind of did a little i don't know if i'm
remembering craig i thought he kind of did like a little opening up and then just,
oh, fuck, yeah, whatever, with a pump.
But now that I'm picturing, I actually just YouTubed Flurries.
He got the fresh sheet of ice.
He is just  he would have gone 700 feet how fast he was going.
There were boards he was never going to
Cool runnings.
At the end, he has to go up his feet or face in the ceiling.
Like when I got crushed in NHL games, my face was looking up at the roof.
But that's how it ended with him rolling over and punching the ice.
I think that's my winner in that.
So that would be your Budweiser Canada Selly season pick for that bracket.
But we do have to give an honorable mention,
and he almost slipped in there uh to nail uh nail yakupov when he scored against the kings in regular season
he would have slid a thousand feet would you agree commodore
yakupov did that guy score in his nhl career call me he did this he did that celebration
sorry sorry okay go ahead go ahead don't go ahead no I'm saying
I gotta look it up man
look it up right now and I'll tell everyone
it was the regular
season I mean I actually
would like to know what
day it was I think it was the
lockout shortened year
like maybe we were fighting for the
8th spot like dude and it wasn't even like that big I mean I tied it up but it was the shortened year. Maybe we were fighting for the eighth spot.
Dude, and it wasn't even that big. I mean, I tied it up,
but it was the Oilers.
How are you going that crazy to tie
the game up? It wasn't even to win the game.
He was rolling down the ice
towards the goalie. I remember being on
the bench like, what is this kid doing
right now? And yeah, things didn't go
well for him.
Was that against the Kings? Yes. Regular season. Okay, I'm just pulling it up right now. And yeah, things didn't go well for him. Was that against the Kings?
Yes.
Regular season.
I'm just pulling it up right now.
It's January
24th, 2013.
So that's early.
That's the lockout shortened year, right, Grinelli?
Yes. So that's like right when the season
started. That early
in a 48-game season, you tie
up a game and do that.
If you saw just the celebration,
you'd think he just won the Stanley Cup in the seventh overtime.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, that's embarrassing.
So that one is not a part of the Fleury and Kane talk.
No, that can't.
No, no.
Well, I was going to give it honorable mention just to stir the pot for wit.
So we kind of got to toss up here.
Grinnell, do you have any comments on that one?
I got Patrick Kane.
I mean, maybe it's because I'm a millennial fuck,
but I got Patrick Kane.
I love how he just...
So this is what we're going to do.
We're going to toss it up on the Twitter account.
We're going to let the fans decide
which one was the more iconic celebration
in order to advance one of those people to the semifinals.
Now, the other one we're going to debate today
is Wayne Gretzky breaking the goals record
when he was tiptoeing with the Kings,
or Stevie Y when he scored the OT goal
against St. Louis Blues
when he took the clapper right over the blue line
and it went bar down and he started going bananas, kind of similar, had that little run going. I,
I think I don't want, I can't piss the great one off.
I'm going to have to go with breaking the goal record, LA just, you know,
celebrities in the crowd, everybody going nuts.
They probably had a fucking crazy party afterwards. What would you say?
Me?
That's a tough one.
Those are both great.
I'm going to have to lean.
You know what, Paul?
I'm going to agree with you on this one.
Even though you like Babs, I'm going to agree with you on this one.
I can't really go against the great one either.
That was awesome.
That was obviously an amazing record, so I'll go with Gretzky.
It's tough to pick against Iserman, though.
Even though Biz has
And that was a fucking bomb.
Oh, cannon, cannon.
And the camera view is just perfect.
The camera angle was perfect.
Right on him and the corner that he snipes in
and right where the bar meets the post.
Stevie Y was my favorite player.
I had his jersey.
I've showed everyone that picture me with the big ears and the michigan hat and the eisenman
jersey with the c that is my celebration that is the goal i remember i don't think they won the cup
that year can you look good tell me what year did that happen that was 96 colorado won the cup that
yeah so they didn't win the cup that year, but I love that celebration. Also, I mean, you got to throw a shout-out on the Gretzky goal.
Just a filthy assist by Marty McSorley on that goal.
He showed some vision, just looked off everyone and found the great one
just for a tap-in for number 890-whatever.
How many did he get?
920?
990?
How many goals did he have?
I don't know.
That's a question for R.A.
He didn't break 900.
I want to say 892.
I want to say around there.
But, hey, McShawley had some game.
Oh, that actually sounds good.
He was a scrap.
Obviously, more than a scrap.
He was a tough son of a bitch.
But he had some game, man.
He had a few years.
Grinnell's got the answer here.
Gretzky had 894 career goals.
I was off by two.
Sue me.
Call me.
How many did you have?
21 unreal goals.
Just snipes.
Just some cannons from the point.
Maybe a couple chip-ins.
Okay, so, boys, it sounds like we're going to have to send that one
to Twitter, too.
So, tomorrow, Grinnell's going to post both of those against each other,
and basically the voting is going to take care of who's going to move on.
And next week we're going to discuss four other celebrations
and put them against each other.
We've got some more iconic ones.
And any honorable mentions in that category as far as the tiptoeing,
I would probably put Jeremy Roenicks.
I think he scored for Philadelphia when he was against Toronto.
Yes, yes.
That little tipto going down the night.
Mike Bossy.
I think Mike Bossy did a running man tiptoe in action too.
I mean, I feel like  I mean, it wasn't in the NHL,
but Mike Aruzioni had the best
Oh, come on.
Operations of all time.
Come on.
Mike Aruzioni, United States of America.
Miracle.
It's a miracle.
Hey, call me.
Call me.
What did the night entail post-game for you?
Post-game, I went, hung out in the bar there, a place called Dutton's.
God, it's, the Saddle Dome is such a dump.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, no, we went to, this new bar opened up like last week called
greta right downtown it's like it was jammed so i went there for a little bit and then uh
then we came home so nothing crazy yeah nothing too crazy i mean that that rank dude is like
what is the plan for a new one like because that is, it's time to just shut that place down.
Do it.
It's so like, like last year,
you know,
I,
you go in there and you go to the other rinks and then don't really think
about it too much.
And then now I've been going since I've retired,
you go to the saddle.
I'm,
you know,
I'm going as a fan,
not as a player and walking around.
And I'm like,
I mean,
the place is okay,
but then you go somewhere else.
Like you go to Edmonton,
you go to Vegas or anything.
And then,
I mean,
it's the saddle. Don't like a concrete bunker what is the plan with it i don't know
there's like i mean they've been trying to get a rink bill i don't know all the intricacies but
like the mayor it comes down to funding from what i can understand is that basically i think the
mayor's stance here is that well the team's owned by billionaires why don't they just pay for it
and the people that own the flamesames are like, yeah, well,
we'll pay for some of it, but we're not paying all of it.
And they can't come up with a number.
But how did you guys see last week that Calgary shut down the Olympics?
Did you see that?
Yeah.
Did they?
Yeah.
So there was, yeah, there was a vote.
So the, like, yeah, I think so too.
There was like a plebiscite or whatever they call it, where everybody,
as long as you're over 18, you in town you can go vote um but like you know so the package
for that the only reason why i bring that up is like you know they want some new venues like they
were hoping i think that the saddle that we could get a new saddle dome as part of that olympic bid
or whatever but that wasn't even the case it was like the ioc recommended them them building a
6 000 seat arena or something like that and i'm like what the fuck them them building a 6 000 seat arena or something like
that and i'm like what the fuck do we need a 6 000 seat arena for here we have enough arenas
like we don't need who the fuck is gonna i mean it's we need a 20 000 seat arena to replace the
dome we don't need 6 000 fucking you know what that city needs two two calgary stampedes a year
one in the winter one of the summer That's what that fucking city needs.
Every six months, stampede.
IOC has a shitty legacy with places that they have the Olympics.
They're as corrupt as anyone on the planet.
So, smart move by Calgary.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
It was actually a pretty resounding vote, too.
56, which I think is considered pretty much a landslide.
Kami, we want to thank you for stopping by as our Battle of Alberta
insider or outsider, however you want to look at it.
And thank you for joining us in our Selly Season campaign
with Budweiser Canada.
And as I mentioned, Grinnelli's going to throw those up on Twitter tomorrow
and the fans are going to vote those two guys on.
That wraps it up.
Kami, do you want to wrap it up for us?
Well, you know, guys, I just want to say it's truly a pleasure.
Thank you very much for having me on.
You know, it's been a while.
We should try and do it more often.
You know, I'll try and go to every venue.
I should go to a Battle of Alberta up in Edmonton
that I can come on the show again and see how that one goes.
But yes, thanks, guys.
Hey, call me.
I appreciate you having me on.
How about the guy wearing my jersey?
Dude, I love it.
I wish I would have seen him.
I would have bought him a couple drinks last night.
He probably didn't need any like he said on Twitter.
I'm sure he was waffle.
He must have had a couple pink Whitney's when he bought the thing.
What am I doing?
He probably came.
If you buy the jersey, you got a couple drinks that came with it.
Hey, his buddy wakes up.
He's like, dude, I got a tattoo on it.
I don't even remember.
He's like, dude, I bought a Whitney jersey.
All right, Tommy.
We'll catch up with you soon.
And everyone, thanks for listening to another long episode.
I love finishing off with Commie.
So peace out.
Don't worry about a thing.
Cause every little thing gonna be alright.
Sayin' don't worry about a thing.
Singing don't worry about a thing.
Cause every little thing is gonna be alright.
Rise up this morning.
Smile with the rising sun. It's really the best.
