Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 128 of Spit and Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Hope everybody out there had a wonderful Thanksgiving, long weekend.
Let's check in with the fellas, see if they had nice days off.
Let's go to Paul Biznasty in the desert first.
He's the Canadian who celebrated an American Thanksgiving.
How'd it go with you, buddy?
Not great, boys. The Oats are having a tough stretch of games right now.
Speaking of Thanksgiving, I was in bed at 7.30.
Caught up on some sleep
and ready to go here, Boaz.
There you go. Next, buddy,
Mikey Grinelli. Mikey, you didn't stay down in New York
for Thanksgiving. You came back home, correct?
Nope. Yeah, I was back in Boston for the weekend.
I had a great weekend.
It was a blast.
Any stories to report?
None that are probably appropriate for the podcast.
Oh, wow.
Not appropriate for this.
Yeah, all right.
Last but not least, our boy Ryan Whitney.
Whitney, what's up?
What is up, fellas?
Happy Thanksgiving, biz.
I just watched the Yolts get stomped by the flames.
I was ugly.
Had the flames out.
Thank you.
How are you guys doing?
How was everyone's day?
I saw you with one of the hottest guys of all time, Biz, for Thanksgiving, right?
Tyler Pyatt looking good.
Oh, man, he's so handsome.
But, boys, first off, whose idea was it to put Ryan Whitney on the live feed
for the Instagram?
I watched that entire video last night.
I was fucking dying.
I said to Ganelli, he used to say to me all the time,
you should go on and do that.
And then I always was like, no chance.
And then last night, I don't know why, I just was sitting around.
I'm like, I should just do this right now.
You're pretty good at it.
Not going to lie.
Oh, you were awesome. I mean, yeah. Thanks, buddy. I'm like, I should just do this right now. You're pretty good at it. Oh, you were awesome.
Thanks, buddy. I appreciate that.
All people were saying, though,
get this guy in the pod. Get this guy in the pod.
I know.
Dude, I know.
Get Mitch Marner on the pod, you think?
No shit, dude.
Hey, man, get Bobby Orr on the pod.
Oh, okay. Thanks. Yeah, I'll do that.
But it was still fun.
Oh, I didn't even know you were doing it. I would have jumped on the pod. Oh, okay. Thanks. Yeah, I'll do that. But it was still fun. Oh, I didn't even know you were doing it.
I would have jumped on the trip.
Yeah, that's it.
I say at the beginning, listen, we want everybody on the show,
so don't bother asking.
If you're asking, then we want them on.
So just save yourself a question and do something better.
Well, actually, someone said, you got to get Frederick Gauthier on.
I'm like, listen, nothing against.
Like, I know he's made some good plays this year for the leaf right
exactly top of the checklist it's like hey here's an idea how about you start a fucking podcast and
you get all the people you want on yourself by the way yeah by the way Grinnelly you're the one
who told me like yeah this weekend I'm gonna clean up dude back in Boston man and he went to the
grand last night biz at some big club in Boston.
And then all of a sudden, no stories I could
tell in the podcast.
What do you mean? Hey, so
let's start from the beginning. So when did you get home?
On Wednesday, which is the big night, correct?
Yeah, big night. Real big night.
Where'd you go Wednesday?
Went out in South Boston.
Had a nice healthy.
Alright, and you meet a nice little lady?
Yeah. Yes, I did.
He said hello. It was not
a repeat, no.
Road game?
Obviously a road game. You live in New York.
Hey, you're like, oh man, just only
if we were in New York, you should see my pad
there. It's covered in mice,
but it's still sick. Tag team with
Mighty Mouse.
Wait, so then you went to the
Grand and then you got a table.
How'd that go? Oh, unbelievable.
I love them there. They take care of me.
Do they? Oh, yeah.
They hook me up in there. Grinnelli's only
thing he wrote when I was on that Instagram live was
hey, can you pay for this table?
No, what was awesome
though was there was a group.
The table next to us was a huge group of Spittin' Chicklets listeners.
Oh, there we go.
There we go.
There we go.
That's awesome.
So did you get a waitress's number?
No, no.
Those girls are so hot there, man.
They're out of my league.
Out of my league.
Did you meet another lady?
I love how Biz just loves it.
Don't tell me you went too far.
You get a look in your eye, Biz, unlike any other.
Oh, hey, I'm back on the market, and I was out three times this weekend,
but obviously not drinking.
Yeah.
Boys, I think I got my game back.
As the Coyotes, that's what happens.
When you were on the Coyotes, they were so bad and you wheeled everything.
Then they got good and you lost your game.
It was like the opposite game.
Coyotes need to be bad for you to just be whacking.
I don't kiss and tell, but let's just say the kids,
Stella's got her groove back, boys.
What other weird shit happened this week?
What other weird stuff happened?
Well, we haven't had a biting incident in the NHL since the last time I remember
was, of course, the Stanley Cup in 2011 when Alex Burrows took a bite
on a Bergeron.
Well, a Canuck was up at it again.
Antoine Roussel was fined 5,000 for biting Marc-Andre Vlasic in the finger.
It was clearly done on tape.
He had a bite mark afterwards.
He got five grand.
Now, Biz, I asked you if you had ever seen any biting
or anything similar in your career,
and you told me that you bit somebody yourself, correct?
Well, here's what happened.
I was in Tucson playing with the Ontario Reign,
and me and a guy on their team, Eric Sella, great guy, good team guy.
He was kind of their bruiser.
Well, I kind of ran the goalie a little bit to try to get him off his game.
Not like hard, but just like after the whistle when he frees it,
you know how you kind of bump into him?
Well, we ended up getting in a scrum, and he was on top of me,
and he put his hand in my mouth, and he was kind of trying to fish hook me.
So I just bit right down on his hand, and I actually cracked all my veneers.
Oh, really? My whole front grill just exploded. I played with Selick in San Antonio. me so i just bit right down on his hand and i actually cracked all my my veneers oh really
front grill just exploded i played with selick in san antonio he could fly yeah he's a good
solid player i mean he talks like this like hey where you ever talk to him oh yeah where are you
beauty yeah he's an old grizzly bear but uh, yeah, but I mean, hey, if you put your fingers in my mouth,
I'm biting your fucking fingers.
That's 100.
A lot of replies did say that.
Well, if you don't want to get bit, don't put your fingers in a guy's mouth.
So, I mean, yeah, apparently you tried to fish hook someone you probably should expect.
What about you, Wits?
Did you ever see anything, if not biting anything, similarly dirty
or just like something out of the ordinary during your career?
No, I never experienced anything with biting.
The only thing that comes close that is not nearly as bad is I remember when Burroughs pulled Duncan Key's hair.
I mean, I guess hair pulling and biting aren't the same,
but I'm trying to think of other stuff.
I don't remember any biting, and since my memory is also trash,
I did know about that guy.
All right, you see the story in Boston around the news.
I forget when it was.
Dude who bit the other guy's finger off, and he got charged with mayhem.
Mention biting someone else's finger off.
Yeah, that's the charge they get, mayhem.
I went to school with a kid who had, he bit a guy.
If you get charged with mayhem, you got a lot of street cred in my book.
What's the term exactly?
How much prison time do you get for mayhem?
I think it's bad news.
Yeah, that's what they charge you,
charge of mayhem.
And it depends, obviously, on your prior record.
I mean, you could technically get convicted,
but if you don't have priors,
you probably wouldn't do time for it.
But if you've been in and out of the clink,
then you're probably going to get a couple years for mayhem.
That's such a great thing to be charged with, mayhem.
What do you get fined? 5K,
you said? Yeah, 5K, yeah.
I mean,
I do see the point of you. I mean, if your
fingers in my mouth, what's
one way you get it out? You bite the shit
out of it.
My only comments
are, is obviously they're in the scrum.
A lot of shit's going
through their head. Obviously, the wires cross a lot of shit's going through their head obviously the
kind of the wires cross a little bit and his his hand was around his mouth i'm not condoning biting
but just when your hands are being tied up like that by the officials and you're you're kind of
uh you're helpless it was probably just his natural reaction to go over and chomp on his
hand i mean fuck i okay give him a game or two i don't give a shit because
obviously there's people wanting them to throw the book at him but hey i think 5k is fine just
you know maybe put a muzzle on him for a few games and that should do it like that you know
when you used to break your jaw they used to play that bubble you should have to play the half a
season with that little fishbowl like the thing from silence of the lambs he's buzzing around
with that mask on they wheel him him out for the pregame ceremonies.
He's strapped with a straight jacket on.
They won't let him get a mouth guard made the next season.
They're like, no, dude, you're out this year.
Go to play it again and buy one yourself.
Hey, Governor, love the suit.
I know that one from the movie.
That movie's unreal.
Sick flick.
Well, I mean, that's actually one of only three movies to sweep all five major Oscars at the Oscars.
Really?
What are the other two?
The other two.
Godfather?
Nope.
The first time it happened, it was an old clock table movie, I think.
It happened one night, and then it happened one flew over the cuckoo's nest and then silence of the lambs was the last to do it that's actor actress
director picture and writing the big five yeah only three movies ever done it so how you like
that there biz little movie triv from the ra today no i mean hey that's what you bring to the pod man
i i don't think you're i didn't hate that your um american pie reference landed because i only
heard from a few people that got it what what do you got to say you got some dms about it no i i
knew i knew when i said it was a total dad joke i just let it fly because i don't know it was it's
such a bad joke it's almost funny but people said yeah i got it i just didn't laugh some people said
i i got it and laughed it was funny i got i got it ran the board but if you know a lot of people did get the joke whether they laughed or not
instead of doing a selly season bracket we should do ra shit joke bracket of like which ones people
didn't get um hey whoa some other crazy news in the minor leagues yeah dude i don't know did you
ever hear this guy um nick needert it's n-i-e-d-e-r-t nick needert that's a real human yeah night i mean it could be
nighter i'm gonna say needer just based on nicky needert he's a 36 year old goaltender he signed
uh with the east coast east coast leagues redding royals earlier in the day to be what they well i
never saw this term before i'm surprised we hadn't the e-bug which is the emergency backup goal you
never actually seen it written out like that but he was signed earlier in the day to be the E-Bug.
Ends up starting, and he got his first East Coast Hockey League win in 1,032 days.
It's basically three years, 38 saves on 39 shots.
The guy's been in the minors for 15 years per his Twitter feed.
And he comes out, they dust him off the mop balls, and he gets a big W.
I don't know if you saw the clip online.
We could tweet it out.
All his teammates are going hoopty-doo
wildfire at the end. It was a great scene
because, yeah, that's a league that doesn't always get a lot of shine.
We don't talk about it a ton here,
so it's nice to recognize a feat like that.
Biz, you played in that league for a bitch,
correct? Oh, yeah. I used to
terrorize the Reading Royals. That was a story
about when I brought the heavyweight belt on
the ice because they had a little rat on their team.
He always used to run around and try to hit me,
and I beat the absolute fucking wheels off him.
He had a tweet that Nick Niedert, I hope I got it right.
I hope you did too.
After playing now in 15 years in the minors,
that tonight was the best, most unselfish bounce-back team win
I've been a part of.
Can't be more proud of the buy-in I saw from 18 players.
Relentless effort from the entire club.
Just remember, I still owe 50 bucks because he probably put money on the board.
Which 50 bucks in the coast, that's a lot of dough.
That's like we're in the 5K territory for Derek Morris with money on the board.
If you have like two or three hours, check out his HockeyDB page
because it is absolutely incredible.
There has to be 30 lines on here.
So, Nello Ferreira.
Yeah, maybe some of it.
It actually would be a good contest to see who's played for more teams,
but absolutely check it out.
It's incredible how many teams this guy has.
How about he said, like, everyone's buying in.
Dude, you think? You haven't
played in five years, I'm pretty sure.
They're like, do not allow a shot on goal
tonight. Meanwhile, they gave
38 up. Also,
that's a tough locker room. That's a tough
locker room who lost that game. They get in there
and they're like, jeez, boys.
Guy hasn't even played in this
league in, how long are
they? Four years? It was
1,032 days, so a little less than three
years, I guess. I thought you were a math guy.
I guess that was tough.
I kind of forgot for a second,
365, how many days were in the year.
Sometimes 52 weeks in the year.
I mistake those. That was on me, though.
It wasn't a very impressive
mathematical. Fake math guy.
But I mean, I guess that's actually not  I was more thinking five years,
so a little under three years.
I mean, that's still impressive as hell.
It's so cool to see or hear what you said in his tweet about him saying
that was his coolest moment in 15 years.
I mean, he's probably been through a lot of shit.
And that's why you said, Ari, it's good to bring up the coast
because I don't know for a fact,
but I think we have a good amount of listeners to play in that league
because of how long the bus rides are.
And they are grinding, man.
Those guys, that's about, you know,
you're so close with everyone on your team,
and especially when you're a young guy, you're having fun.
You don't care.
I mean, Biz, you can tell us how much fun it was when you were down there.
Actually, Biz, finally I'm remembering.
We need to talk about MySpace Love Ship.
Oh, God.
Yup.
Well, let me touch on the ECHL and the goalie situation.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go ahead.
We'll do that later.
So our awesome trainer, he's actually from Wheeling, West Virginia,
Billy Higgins, when I was playing there.
He was our full-time trainer, but he also played net in, like,
men's league and pickup.
So whenever we'd have a goalie
go down he would have to like dress up in his goalie gear and he'd be like sharpening skates
in between periods and full goalie gear and uh the best part about the minors in the coast
is when you're shorthanded like the coach in quote-unquote gm uh are asking guys like hey
do you have any buddies that live close to these this area can
they come play for us for a couple games like just calling up their buddies like hey you still got
your gear and they're like yeah like hey you want to make you know 150 bucks a day and and like we
would be signing guys like who hadn't fucking skated in like a year or two and and and those
to me are like that's why i loved playing in the ECHL were just for some of those stories.
So good.
I don't think we mentioned it yet.
We do have another pair of guests coming up for today's episode.
We have Coyotes defenseman Alex Goligosky,
in addition to the little pest himself from the Calgary Flames,
Matthew Kachuk, who's been absolutely fucking lighting it up this year.
They'll be joining us a little later.
Speaking of goalies, Pekka Rinne became the winningest Finnish goalie
in NHL history with the win over St. Louis on Wednesday night.
Now, you know, I'm obviously a little older than you guys.
Growing up, Finnish goalies weren't really a thing.
But I'd say the last 15, 20 years, guys, like, I mean,
they've almost kind of become synonymous with the nationality.
After Mikko Kiprasov, he wasn't the first Finnish goalie in the NHL.
But after him, it seemed like he kind of opened the doors a little bit.
You know, Finland started becoming known for producing quality goalies.
You know, you had Cary Letton come after him, Tuka Rask,
Antti Niemi, who won a cup.
All these guys followed suit.
You know, there's, what, today, right now, there's seven Finnish goalies
in the NHL.
Three of them have started.
So, you know, it's nice to see Pekka there's what, today, right now, there's seven Finnish goalies in the NHL. Three of them are starters.
So, you know, it's nice to see Pekka Rinne basically,
like, this nationality has become intertwined with a particular position.
We don't really see that a lot.
So congrats to Pekka for becoming the winningest Finnish goalie in NHL history.
Yeah, do you want to take it, Whit?
Oh, I'll say that, you know, he's just been so consistent.
It's so funny that you think at Nashville,
you think how good their D is and stuff,
but it all kind of comes back to him.
I will say playoffs this year, you know, he's kind of got to perform.
He is almost start.
You're starting to hear whispers of not the same guy in the postseason.
He is in the regular season.
Nonetheless, I mean, unreal, unreal achievement.
And also, I mean, the entire country of Finland
and how they produce players is very similar to Sweden.
There's 5.5 million people roughly in Finland.
I just Googled it.
So shout out to people trying to 5.503 million.
Math guy.
Math guy.
There's more people in Massachusetts, no, RA?
I mean, it's got to be.
It's probably similar.
And look at how many players they have.
And they're not just, like, random, like, Joe Schmoes.
They're studs.
It's just incredible to see how they've been able to produce.
And I did think of it for a long time as goalies.
I remember Kiprasov when Calgary went to the finals with Commodore.
Like, he was just unreal. He has a great vibe all around him.
And that was not the beginning of Finnish goalies,
but he's what you really think of when it started.
And since then, I mean, it's just been product after product
that are all really competing at a high level.
6.86 million Massachusetts residents right now.
So Finland has five.
So think of that, seven.
It's like having seven or eight goalies just from Massachusetts.
Yeah, and then there's Line A, Barkov bark of Ajo it doesn't really stop either it's Heskin and the D-man
in Dallas you're gonna be sick so it's crazy go ahead Biz so what you're saying is they're
probably taking uh PEDs I'm just saying they'd probably smoke team mass they're probably all
on the the Kiprasov diet which is funny that you brought him up to start because apparently when he was in Calgary, he was the funniest guy.
He'd be out drinking on the  what do they call it?
The Red Mile?
Yeah, I heard he got crushed.
Oh, he would get crushed.
He'd be hacking darts.
Lowry Korpikoski, I play with him.
He was a Finnish player, and he was at a charity event over there
that was kind of like a dress-up one where you put on like a nice
suit and tie and uh apparently kipersoft showed up and he was in like the worst jeans worst tee
and he had a you know those von dutch hats yeah but instead of saying von dutch on it said von
bitch and this guy said like a like a five-star gala and he and he wheels in and his give a
fuck meter was so low.
And I think that's what made him so good.
Hey, that reminds me.
Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
Oh, no, no.
I just heard so many funny stories about Kip Rosado.
I just figured I'd bring up that one from my pal, Laurie Kopakoski.
I play with in Arizona.
That just reminded me of when my buddies were in from Boston.
We were in Pittsburgh and Max Talbot, who he told me a long time ago,
he'd come on.
He's still playing in Russia.
Um,
but you know,
he's got some great,
great stories.
And,
uh,
my buddies are visiting Boston.
So we went to Morton's,
you know,
Morton's in Pittsburgh biz,
like down near the pen.
Uh,
I don't know that old hotel.
Yeah.
It's like a B-list steakhouse.
Yeah.
And at the time,
but like right when you turn pro,
I,
for some reason,
like we thought,
I thought it was the best.
It was like,
yeah,
of course. Cause we don't know what's cool yet yeah first time we're paying like 50 bucks
for a steak and you're just like this is incredible they had that molten lava cake i used to have two
of them i was such a fat slob but talbot we went there and like you know people are dressed up it's
still considered like a really you know high-end restaurant and talbot had a hoodie on and on the on the hoodie said fuck you
I was like this is unbelievable talk about the NHL you do whatever you want
hey uh speaking of those lava cakes apparently when uh Jeremy Roenick was playing and uh by the
way we have him coming up on the podcast uh this week. Not a big deal. He was unbelievable.
But obviously, he liked to gamble a little bit.
And he bet George LaRock that he couldn't eat like eight lava cakes.
And George LaRock, being as big as he was, was like, sure, I can.
I think the bet was 10K.
So he got to like five lava cakes.
And apparently, George La Rock couldn't stop shaking
because he had so much sugar.
There's so much sugar in those lava cakes.
Oh, yeah.
Terrible for you.
And keep in mind, this is after they'd already eaten their meal.
And he had a lava cake, and that's when he goes,
I bet you can't eat like seven more of those.
And sure enough, JR ended up winning the bet.
That's fucking gross, man. I mean, they're tasty, but I couldn't imagine. And sure enough, J.R. ended up winning the bet.
That's fucking gross, man.
I mean, they're tasty, but I couldn't imagine eating two of them,
let alone seven.
We just mentioned Antti Ranta.
Well, we have one of his teammates coming up, Alex Goligosky,
his defenseman, so we're going to throw it over to him right now.
So now, Alex Goligosky.
This interview was brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing, but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets
to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices,
fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value. I've had the SeatGeek app on
my phone for ages now, and it's by far the easiest way. I find a shop for tickets. I can be anywhere,
couple of clicks, boom, I find the seats I need within my budget as well. I'm already lined up
to get my Stones tickets. They're coming to Foxborough this summer. Can't wait. I'm definitely
going to be using SeatGeek to get my tickets for that because it saves me time and money by searching all the other sites out there.
It compares prices and lets me know what I want to spend.
It's ideal for a guy like me who loves to go to concerts,
and you get the most bang for your buck.
Also, every purchase is fully guaranteed, so you can shop with confidence.
You're not going to get beat by some dirtbag scalper.
So make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
And now, it's my pleasure to bring on former teammate,
former roommate of mine, University of Minnesota stud.
Played there for three years.
Second round pick, 61st overall.
That's only 56 spots behind me in the 2004 NHL entry draft,
even though I was 2002. The man
that was so good that he
got me traded and
made me miss my chance at a Stanley
Cup. He's a current Arizona Coyote,
Alex Goligosky. Goose, what's up?
Wow, what an intro.
That was great.
That is true.
You stole his Stanley Cup cup ring he was the
guy who hey goligoski he's a lefty he skates better than whitney he passes it better than
whitney we don't need whitney get out get me out of town a goose came sliding and we were roommates
at the time we were still great buddies though even though you were just slowly and surely taking
my job one ambientien at a time.
We didn't even know it was happening, did we?
No, we didn't.
Oh, man.
That's family covering sitting in my office in Scottsdale right now, too.
Oh, your office.
What kind of fucking work are you doing, you rich fuck? Yeah, no shit, Goose.
What are you fucking making tea times in your office?
I'm hitting the market, Bloomberg.
I got it all up on the screen. Oh, yeah? Kramer? Day Tramer? Oh, yeah. I'm hitting the market. Bloomberg. I got it all up on the screen.
Oh, yeah? Kramer?
Oh, yeah. I'm Jim Kramer. Booyah.
Booyah, Jim.
Are you a hardcore stock guy?
I mean, I dabble
a little bit. I like looking at it.
Which ones should we look out for?
You know what? Actually, some of you
might be interested in those cannabis stocks are
taking off right now never heard of it yeah yeah we always tell me he keeps forgetting every time
we tell him hey uh goose so um i recently was telling the story to someone about when you and
i would uh play NHL like 08
and just take ambience and wake up on the couch with like six to seven finals or seven to six.
Holy shit, we'd spit it out.
Seven to six final scores and we'd have recollection of the first goal of the game.
Oh, God.
Those were some dark days.
That was before anybody knew about ambience. Everyone was like popping. I'm like, oh, my God, this is great. Oh, you're those were some dark days. That was before anybody knew about Ambien.
Everyone was, like, popping.
I'm like, oh, my God, this is great.
Oh, you're such a train center.
These are phenomenal.
Yeah, no.
And then everyone was like, okay, maybe we should pump the brakes
on these things a little bit.
But, yeah, there were numerous NHL games that were played,
but, yeah, we had a final score in the morning.
Yeah, once Heath Ledger shut the mill, it was like, oh, fuck.
I guess it was you. Yeah.
We're going real fucking dark here. Holy shit, a lot of
movie references. Yeah, no shit.
Hey, Alex,
I want to ask you,
you played in two very different cities
before you got to Arizona.
Kind of iconic American cities. On one hand,
you're Pittsburgh, you know, have U.S. Steel.
Michael, we're bigger than U.S. Steel.
Oh, here we go.
What?
On the other hand, you had Dallas.
Come on, Godfather 2.
On the other hand, you had Dallas, known for the oil, the money,
but two very different American cities.
But what's one thing that they had very much in common
for two wildly disparate cities?
Ooh, good question. uh yeah very different cities in pittsburgh obviously blue collar you know kind of the hard-working steel you mentioned it and uh
that dow's kind of a big old money oil oil stuff but uh just just hockey hockey speaking the fans
are unbelievable i think a little more diehard in the Pittsburgh area
and maybe a little bit more fair weather in Dallas,
but they love their sports equally the same, I think.
Who likes football more?
I mean, the Steelers are obviously gigantic in Pittsburgh.
I mean, is it possible that they like football more in Pittsburgh
or more in Dallas?
This is a tough one. It's got to be Dallas, I think, though it possible that they like football more in Pittsburgh or more in Dallas? This is a tough one.
It's got to be Dallas, I think, though, to be honest.
And the reason why I'll disagree with you, Goose,
is because according to statistics, did I say that right?
Statistics?
Spit that out again?
I went out of tune a bit.
And this is a bad stat.
I was actually disgusted by it.
The amount of percentage that domestic violence goes up in Pittsburgh area
when the Steelers lose is disgusting.
You know, I'm serious.
And to me, that tells me that more people's lives are affected by the Steelers
than more so.
Yeah, that might be true, but that wasn't really the question, was it?
Well, I'm just giving you some statistical data.
More like abuse.
I was trying to save that question from R.A.
Criminal charges in one city when they're even losing.
Doc, go on Doc tonight, fucking boys.
Hey, Goose, are you in mini all-off seasons now?
You'll always be there?
I am.
I'm in mini all-off season.
I'm here right now, too, for the Wild tomorrow night.
Oh, really?
How many tickets do you have to buy?
I'm in my element.
What's that?
How many tickets do you have to buy?
Not too bad.
It's just like eight tomorrow, I think.
You've played a lot.
My family's like three hours north, so they've seen me playing out there.
It's like whatever.
Yeah, the novelty's worn off a little bit.
Yeah, a little bit.
Hey, leave them COD.
Make my old man pay for them.
Hey, for those who don't know what COD means, listening,
what is it, cash on demand?
Cash on delivery.
Yeah, or yeah, delivery.
Well, I guess I'm not so smart, delivery. Or, yeah, delivery.
I guess I'm not so smart, am I?
Next question, Whit.
All right.
Well, now, before we get to Arizona and what you're doing currently,
I'd love to take a step back and ask you about your first couple years in the NHL.
You broke in with the Penguins, spent a little bit of time in the minors.
Who do you remember as kind of the veterans,
the guys that maybe fucked with you a little bit in Pittsburgh
when you showed up in town with, you know,
that young gun offensive wheeling D-man?
I don't know if anyone was really messing with me too much.
I kind of kept quiet, kept to myself and, you know,
showed the other guys the respect they deserve.
But, man,
there were some beauties on that team.
The older guys, I always thought
the older guys were just hilarious.
Al Gill, Rob Scuderi, those guys,
Billy Guerin,
they were, for me,
those guys are, you know, some of the funniest guys
I've ever played with. So,
I don't know. I always like kind of hanging out close to them,
just hearing what they were talking about,
and just kind of keeping to myself.
Hey, one guy that nobody talks about that was on that team was Marian Hossa.
What was he like?
He was only there for, what, 20 games in the playoffs that first year.
I don't know.
I didn't really get to know him too much,
but he seemed like a nice guy.
Were you there?
He's probably one of the best guys of all time.
He was in a slump in the playoffs,
and then he went out and got shit-faced,
completely buckled and went on an absolute tear.
He's like, that's all I needed.
Oh, the playoff where he had 12 goals and 14 assists?
The year we lost in the finals.
Oh, my God.
So you're telling me he went through a slump
and he ended up with 26 points in playoffs?
I think the first round, who was it against?
Ottawa, maybe?
He didn't do much.
I mean, he was still  that's the thing about that guy
he if he didn't score he was still pretty much the best defensive forward so he what he was rattled
he wasn't scoring and then just got crippled at Mario's bar not Mario Lemieux just in Mario's bar
the name of it on Carson Street Pittsburgh what a spot awesome spot and then he fired even Goose spot. Even goose could get laid in that place.
Hey, remember Talbot's house?
Right behind it. It was like in Mario's
backyard.
Right behind the bar.
It was tap
in central.
Literally Mario to fucking Talbot
in the back of the net.
The hot tub on the roof.
Hey, Goose, remember you and I would kind of switch spots occasionally
on the top power play.
It would be Gonchar, Malkin, Crosby, and then usually Malone in front,
and then me or Goligoski would kind of be on the side.
And remember just getting, like, tortured by Sid, Gino, and Gautra?
Like, one of them would always tell you, you fucking screwed up the play.
The other two would be like, good pass.
The one guy's like, what are you doing?
I remember me and you doing everything right.
It was just with this spot, you're like, oh, God, this is awesome.
I'm out here.
But just like, oh, they kind of don't want to be out here right now.
It's like, oh, I'll never forget.
Gino one time teamed one to me and he wanted it
back across the seam like the top forward like fell down or something like blew a tire he seemed
it to me i like corralled it ripped one off the bar out of play i was like okay that's a good shot
i was feeling pretty good about it i got back to the bench gino is screaming at me down the bench, going, Goga, call me Goga, which no one has ever called me that before.
Goga, pass back, pass back.
I get you a sit.
I get you a sit.
Screaming at me.
It's like, oh, God.
So just hiding.
He's happy to be there.
Did you have the same fun experience with Michelle Terry
and that these guys did, specifically Whitney?
Oh, my God.
He hated you, Whit.
Michelle Terrian hated you.
Do you remember?
I don't know if you remember this.
We were playing someone at home.
We were up 2-0 in the first, like, whatever, good first period.
I don't remember if we played good or bad or whatever.
And Michelle Terrian came in and just ripped you for, like,
six straight minutes and just walked out of the room.
Just ripped you, just everything you could think of.
And you walked out of the room, you just looked around,
and you're like, what the fuck?
Like, why does this fucking guy hate me?
Like, you couldn't believe it.
You probably had a bad pitch.
Up to nothing, late in the second, horrible pinch.
Leave his other defenseman hung out to dry, which was probably you.
They wouldn't dare put me and him out there together.
No, no.
God, no.
I remember that.
And I remember saying, are we losing 2-0?
Am I imagining?
And everyone's like, no, dude, we're winning.
I was like, okay, I just want to make
sure. Double check
here.
100 I can picture Witt saying that.
Remember that Andre
Savard?
Oh, yeah. I remember Andre.
Oh, my God. He hated
all of us, I think.
He hated everybody. I remember he grabbed my
stick once. Do you remember the CCM sticks with the holes in them?
He grabbed my stick out of my hand.
I was like, I beat up a puck on the points or something and muffed it, whatever.
I got back to the bench and he took my stick out of my hand
and he just stared at it for like 10 seconds.
I was looking at him like, what is this guy thinking right now?
He's like, are these holes in your stick
he's like Jesus
well no wonder you're muffing the puck
all over the place
give me my fucking stick back
give me my stick back he's like the dodo bird
staring at you
what are you looking at
he would just stare
at you
I remember were you in the game in Philly when he  we were up 8-0.
We were finishing off a road trip that we won all three games in Western Canada,
and we finished it by flying to Philly, and then we dummied them.
And thanked them.
Yeah, I remember that.
We're up 8-0, Biz.
And this guy ran the PK.
Like, you know, one coach does the power play one assistant runs the
pk so the flyers got a power play of a minute to go they're down eight cob and they scored a goal
andre started screaming screaming at people on the ice about how they fucked up and how guys
on the bench wouldn't shut the fuck up on the bench because we were trying to tell guys how
much time was left in the game and i was like like, all right, that's what I know.
This guy is a complete goon.
We just won 8-1, and he's going to have a heart attack
screaming at the killers.
Blame it on the bench because we were yelling how much time was left
to help the other team.
Yeah, you're helping the other team.
I'm like, what the fuck are you talking about?
They've been doing this since hockey was invented.
Hey, Grinnelli, our producer wants to ask a question.
That's how special of a guest you are, Goose.
Well, Alex, you said, well, Witt mentioned that you guys were roommates on the road.
Oh, no, at home.
We were home roommates.
That's even worse.
So besides getting fucked up on Ambien and playing NHL,
what was it like living with Witt?
Like, you got any good stories?
There has to be something good.
I was just a gentleman.
I don't know.
I mean, it didn't seem like we were really there that much, to be honest.
I mean, we'd just be there at night ordering food.
Like, you never cooked for me once.
We never cooked. I didn't see you slaving in the
kitchen goose you were older you were like i was a couch i was a guest you know i got maybe a meal
here there we might we might have fired something up but didn't you have wasn't a mattress on your
patio for like the entire season really an air mattress on your patio like like the entire season. Really an air mattress on your patio, like deflated air mattress that one of your buddies stayed on one time.
I was just sitting out there.
I think that was his bed whenever he came.
I made him bring his own sheets.
I was like,
I'll give you the mattress,
but you can bring your own bedding.
Yeah.
I don't know.
We were just,
we were just a couple of goons.
We just sit on the couch and do nothing.
Go ahead.
I can't even,
I can't think of any real stories.
Yeah, nothing you want to share with the public now that he's a settled down man.
We don't want to sewer him too much.
He's a dad.
He's a married man.
I'm not sure.
His kid's richer than us.
All of us.
Not Goose.
Oh, yeah.
Not Goose.
Goose is richer than me.
Yeah, no shit.
I don't know.
Look, I got his cap-friendly page here.
It's not looking too shabby, my friend.
So fast forward, you got traded in February of 2011.
I'm guessing, like most guys, you probably pissed off when you find that you traded. But then when you looked, were you like, holy shit, they traded me for Neal and Niskanen?
Were you kind of a little taken aback that that was such a bounty for,
you know, two-for-one trade?
Yeah, I mean, so there's some good young players there for sure.
I mean, they're obviously great players still.
Yeah, I mean, I was a little shocked to get traded.
I didn't really expect it.
But, yeah, I mean, Ray Sherrill, GM at the time,
he's like, listen, I didn't want to trade you.
It was kind of an offer I couldn't refuse, so that was it.
I was off to Dallas.
Does it hurt your feelings that Dallas lost that trade?
No.
No, not at all.
I love my time in Dallas.
You know, I'm indifferent to it, really.
It doesn't bother me.
What was the best part of playing in Dallas?
What's the main attraction for a free agent if he's going to go to Dallas?
It's unbelievable.
When I got there, it was a disaster.
I went from Pittsburgh, sold out building every night.
The first game I played in Dallas, it was a Tuesday.
They were on a nine-game losing streak, nine in a row, nine in a row.
With that lineup?
They had Brad Richards, Louie Erickson, Mike Ribeiro, Moro, Ben, Neal, Ott.
Well, of course, Neal was gone then.
Yeah, the team was good.
The team was really good.
They actually had a great start to that year.
They were, like, top of the Western Conference for a lot of the year,
and they just fell off.
They hit this huge skid.
My first game there, they were a nine-game losing streak,
and the Devils were coming to town.
At that time, the Devils were coming to town like at that time the devils were i think physically
trying not to score goals playing defense all game and there was there had to be 4 000 people
there like oh boy what is this but it was i mean by the time i left there it was amazing we got
new owner and spending money the team team was awesome. Sold out places.
It's definitely one of the best places to play in the league right now.
Well, I would say when you got to Pittsburgh,
it kind of already been on the upswing, right?
Whereas that's kind of crazy to go to a franchise where things are so shitty
and then get turned around like that.
I mean, not many guys get to see that.
No, it was awesome. Really, really fun to be a part of something like that's i mean not many guys get to see that no it it was it was awesome really really
fun to be a part of something like that where you can really build it up like that and uh
yeah it's uh it's a definitely a different experience from pittsburgh but uh maybe more
rewarding hey where's your where's your favorite place to play? Best road city?
Best rink?
Best city? Yes, the whole experience of playing that team
in their barn.
I always say Montreal.
I thought it was so similar. I didn't know what you thought.
Yeah, Montreal's off.
Definitely Montreal. Probably top three.
I love Chicago, too.
I've always loved playing in Chicago.
I know.
It's always like minus six there, though.
That's true.
There are some tough games in Chicago.
That's a great environment, though.
It's kind of like Montreal, kind of the old barn and everything.
But, yeah, probably those two.
Hey, who are some of the guys off the ice that you still
or, yeah, some of the guys you play with that you hang out off the ice still
from, like, either Dallas or Pittsburgh?
Any other NHL guys you hang out with in the summer?
Yeah, I mean, a little bit.
Derek Stepon, who I play with now, we hang out quite a bit.
I mean, there's a lot of guys around here in the summer,
but I don't know.
A lot of the Dallas guys, you know,
I still keep in contact with a lot,
and I'll see them a few times a summer.
You know, the Ben brothers, Cody Eek and Kevin Knot,
who I play with now, you know, sort of that crew of guys.
But, I mean, there's so many guys around here.
You see guys every day working out in the stadium and stuff in the summer.
So, I don't know.
I don't want to go down the list.
Oh, humble brag.
Humble brag.
I mean, you know, 10,000 legs.
You know, what else?
Before Arizona acquired your rights back when you were about to become a free agent,
but they wanted to get that exclusive window before you were actually a free agent,
did you have any idea that you'd end up there before free agency?
Were they on your list, or did they convince you in that exclusive window
to come out and sign there?
Yeah, I think they convinced me on the window.
I didn't really have any spots really that I was looking to go to.
You know, I was still kind of negotiating with Dallas
before that free agency part happened and didn't really get there.
And, you know, from there they traded my rights to Arizona
and Arizona kind of started that process.
I flew in there and talked to our GM, John Chayka,
and Dave Tippett at the time, and Shane Doan, obviously.
Yeah, it's kind of eerily similar to how it was in Dallas when I got there.
It's kind of, you know, it's going to be a process.
I'm going to build something.
I knew it was going to be a place I was going to be able to sign a longer contract and
you know
just the thought of
doing that again you know starting
kind of from the bottom and building this thing up
it's something
it's kind of a role that I like
Is there anything else
you want to discuss any crazy hockey
stories you want to tell us that you've been brewing up
before coming on because we know you were fucking
licking your chops.
What kind of hockey stories are you looking for?
What's your funniest wit story?
There's none.
Dude, I don't think you could tell
any of them.
Yeah, I probably couldn't.
I don't know.
I just love the whole Michelle Therrien-Witt thing.
It's not overblown.
It was that bad.
I've never seen a coach hate a player more.
Hilarious.
If you saw Therrien in public, would you go up and be like,
what's up, man?
I always wanted that.
I had a dream one time that he walked into a bar I was in
and he tried to fight me.
I think he'd probably say hello.
I don't know, actually.
I'm actually really curious to see.
Did you see the picture on Twitter?
I tweeted at you that day.
It was him and Junius.
He looked like such a trash bag.
He had like a feather hair, mustache, like sick.
No, I didn't get to, Joe and Louise, for breakfast
smoking cigarettes and drinking
Diet Coke. Yeah, somebody dug up
his picture from Junior's, dude. He
looked like he was out for about four days
before they took the picture.
Absolute trash picture. Yeah, I'll dig it up
and send it to you. It's hilarious.
Have to
make some fucking...
Goose, we don't want to keep you any longer
here thanks for coming on
yeah thanks for having me
Goose
thank you very much buddy
we gotta catch up sometime
hey tell everyone I'll make up a wagon
I will tell you
one thing I want to say
Sean Horkoff and Ryan Whitney
golf the live
I don't know if it was Snapchat or Instagram of their golf tournament, was the best, like, series.
It, like, made my weekend.
Dude.
If anyone caught that.
It's so random that you just said that.
I was going through my phone today, going through videos, and I came across, I have a six-minute video of me and horkoff throughout a day in this golf tournament
and we were drinking and have and i i got more requests to do more of those like snapchat things
me and hork when we were just crippled playing in this golf tournament by the way you know that i
didn't get on snapchat goose at the end of that tournament we both part the 18th hole and it was
like combined stableford or quota points and we thought that
was enough and we started spraying each other with bud light and champagne and then the guy
came over he's like uh you're actually tied and there's a playoff going down the first hole
so we had to go down the first hole and both of us were soaking wet covered in champagne and we lost
i've been the perfect end to that Snapchat or whatever it was. Oh, God. I just had to get an Uber to the airport.
Maybe I'll get some of that out on some of our platforms, eh, Crinelli?
But thank you so much, Goose.
Good luck this year.
If you're in Boston, you got to give me a ring.
I'll hang out with you in not-
Goose, we missed what you said because Witt was talking over you.
What was the conclusion you set?
Of what?
Well, just now, you were getting your last thought out and went fucking oh no no i was
just gonna say it literally tossed you yeah the snapchat the story just consumed my way it was
like it was unbelievable i just i watched it over and over again i was just checked out just
watching it just with stepping on your toes no fucking. I think he's jealous you made more money than him. I got him traded, too.
No, I'm fucking...
Yeah, you got me down.
Now you got to come back on.
Why don't you send me your cup ring, dude? I'll sell it.
Alright, enjoy dinner
with your whole fucking family. It's going to cost
you, what, 10 G's tonight?
Yeah, right.
Just made it.
Family doesn't even want to see me, it. I'm going out with some teammates.
Family doesn't even want to see me,
so I'm just going out with some teammates.
Okay, Goose.
Beat it.
All right, see you, buddy.
Bye.
Thanks, Bill.
That interview was also brought to you by The Ridge.
If you're not familiar with The Ridge,
you got to get one, man.
I have one.
I've been using it for a few months now.
It's outstanding. The Ridge is a minimalist front pocket wallet
that helps you
reevaluate your everyday carry. No more carrying your social security cards, old hotel tickets,
all this garbage you end up carrying around in a wallet that's like three feet thick.
No, get rid of it and get the Ridge. It was started by a father-son team that was funded
on Kickstarter back in 2013. It has RFID blocking technology, so people can't steal your data from your cards,
nothing like that. It's made out of either titanium, carbon fiber, aluminum. It's bound
together by a durable elastic band. This thing, I'm telling you, you put your cards in it,
it's got a money clip on the back for your cash. You put it in your pocket. You don't even know
it's there. It's not bulky. You're not going to get pickpocketed because it's in your friend's
pocket. It's outstanding, man. Like I said, I've had one for several months, and it's redefined what the wallet game is for me. I had the old leather one.
I had an old Velcro one with Motley Crue on it. Yeah, that stuff's garbage, man. And again,
you don't want to be carrying old, useless stuff around, especially your social security card.
That's just not a good idea anyways, okay? The wallet's perfect. It's got two sleek metal plates.
It's like having a little thing in your pocket. Again, you don't even know it's there. It's my favorite wallet and it should be your favorite wallet too if you're going to
order one. I got the titanium one and I couldn't have it any other way. All right. So you want to
get on the ridge.com. Go there right now. The ridge wallet, I'm sorry, ridgewallet.com slash
SC and use the code SC to get 10 off with free worldwide shipping. Okay. Once again,
go to Ridge wallet.com slash SC and the promo code is SC and you get 10
off with free worldwide shipping.
Go,
go there now and get the Ridge wallet.
I'm telling you,
you'll never buy another wallet again.
As long as you live,
get on it.
Thank you so much.
The goose,
what a guy he is.
Uh,
great to talk to him and nice to see that he's fitting in with the Arizona
Coyotes. What do you got, Bess? Well, I was going to say
I think in honor of that interview, you should
pop a bam-bam to finish off this episode.
No, I can't tonight. I feel like
Sunday night's the beginning of a week, even though
every day is the same to me. Everyone else
stresses on Sunday night, so I think I naturally
just stress a little. I'm like, I don't know why.
So I got to be professional for tomorrow.
Ambience sometimes.
No ambo tonight. Okay, all right. Could you guys tell I'm like, I don't know why. So I got to be professional for tomorrow. Ambience. Yeah, no Ambo tonight.
Okay.
All right.
Could you guys tell I was taken by the end of the episode?
Did anything change?
Yeah.
It was like you weren't even recording.
You were just talking to your buddies all bam-bammed out.
Yeah.
That's what I miss most.
Yeah.
You're almost like in a whisper, too.
I think you were being quiet that night, too.
So you were like all like stealthy and sneaky.
It was good.
People are definitely commenting on it, but in a good way.
It was a fun thing.
Did you ever play with George Auroch?
Yeah, I did.
I did.
I actually have a story, and I've told it on this podcast before,
but George came in like he's a loud guy.
He's looking to bet with everyone.
I bet he loves betting.
So he was saying he's actually pretty fast straight away.
He gets going so big.
Nobody could beat him in Arizona, apparently.
Well, so he said, I'll race anyone goal line to far blue line.
I'll race anyone, anyone goal line to far blue line,
a thousand bucks or whatever.
I was like, I'll race you.
I'm in 2000.
I don't remember.
I'm like, let's do this, George.
Dude, then I would see him in practice.
I'm like, fuck, kind of in one here.
He motors going straight ahead.
He starts running, you know.
So finally we went out and did it before practice one day.
And I was like stretching for 45 minutes before.
I actually warmed up more for that than any game that season.
And so we get on the blue line.
And Terrian actually came out to blow the whistle and stand on the far blue line
and say who the winner was. Everyone was out there or not actually not everyone because that that
leads into the end of the story so i beat him i beat him by like an inch dude i i was i i had
my start was so much better than his and that's saying something with my start but then he started
catching up and it was just like a locomotion like locomotive just catching up you know what
i mean like you saying and i could and i could hear him i could i could i could feel him coming
up my back and boom i got to the fr blue line just just by a little bit i'm like yes so i go
flying lock them and that's why some guys are dressing up i'm like fuck yeah boys fuck yeah
big win i'm like look at these calves and I'm hitting my quads
calling them my calves.
That's not even your
calf. That's not even your
calf, you moron.
Yeah, I took it down. George,
I mean, if we raced another five feet,
he would have beat me. Wait, oh, so
he didn't want a rematch or he'd probably
be begging for it. We talked for rematch, but he
got traded at the deadline and by that time it was playoffs and that was kind of it, I think. I also didn't want a rematch, or he'd probably be begging for it. No, we talked for rematch, but he got traded at the deadline,
and by that time it was playoffs, and that was kind of it, I think.
I also didn't want a rematch.
So he used to race guys in Arizona, and he would never lose, apparently.
But the only problem was he couldn't turn,
so that's why he would only go straightaways.
Yeah, straightaways.
By the way, George, you could bully everyone.
He's so big, he'd come on and just bully around,
but then he tried bullying Gary Roberts, and I time rob's like flipped on top of him on the
boss he's like the fire that's me again and they were just like i've never seen like george actually
be on like the receiving end of anything but rob's in those psycho eyes those wires crossed and there
you go the best is that it didn't get like serious it, serious if it ended right then, but it's funny.
When he had a penalty, I think it was for the Penguins' wits a few years ago.
He was serving.
It was too many men, and it just said too much man underneath Gary Robbins.
You ever seen that meme?
Meme, I'm mistaken.
It's pretty funny shit.
Saturday night, man, the biggest winner in the NHL,
probably wasn't even a player in the NHL,
Christopher Haley of Winnipeg won a million dollars
because finished night, but Patrick Laine scored five goals in a game
Saturday night.
Biz, is it pronounced Sobeys, the store up in Canada?
Yeah, Sobeys.
What is that place?
Oh, it's a grocery store.
It's a grocery store.
Okay.
So his name was drawn before the game.
It's a Sobeys Safeway score and win contest.
Vancouver, Calgary, and Edmonton players are all eligible.
So, Leine scored five goals.
This guy wins a million dollars.
He's going to get 50K a year for 20 years.
And what's great, I read up on it, he not only gets the million,
he actually gets the 1,000 gift cards because of the three goals,
and he gets the 100,000 for Patrick Leine scoring four goals as well.
Those are two of the other prizes.
What? He gets them all? Yeah, he gets them all. So he totals
101,000
in
total winnings.
I mean, that's incredible, dude.
We haven't had five goals. I think they said
2011 was the last time it happened.
It's only happened, I believe, 11 times
in history and Patrick Laine is the
youngest guy to ever do it. I mean, imagine going and putting the game on. I don't even know if he was at the game, 11 times in history, and Patrick Lanny's the youngest guy to ever do it.
I mean, imagine going and putting the game on.
I don't even know if he was at the game, but putting the game on
and winning fucking a million dollars because of five goals.
So, no, it's incredible.
I'm kind of confused.
Did he know?
He didn't have to be one player.
It just had to be anyone.
No, it had to be one guy, I believe.
Yeah, it has to be one player.
If one player scores five goals, that's how you win
a million dollars. They draw his name before the
game. They draw Linings?
No, no, no. The fan.
People put their name in to be eligible for
the contest. Before the game, they say
this guy could possibly win tonight
if any player scores
three, four, or five goals.
And because Linings scored five, he gets all three prizes.
So you want, I mean, you think of you want Washington or Winnipeg.
I mean, right then you're like, well, what are the best chances I get five?
Lyon A, Ovechkin?
I mean, anyone else jump to mind for you?
Who got it in 2011?
Do we know the answer to that?
Well, it wasn't for the prize.
I didn't write down who the last guy to score five goals was.
I think it was, oh, Gabrick.
Gabrick did it in 07.
Oh, who did it last?
Damn it.
This is going to drive me crazy.
But only three teams take part in the contest,
so you can only win with one.
Yeah, we're not saying.
We kind of got off the rails there.
He was just saying if you could pick a player,
Laine would definitely be one of them, and so would Ovechkin.
And I'll tell you, man, the kid Pedersen, Elias Pedersen on Vancouver,
it wouldn't surprise me at all if that kid pulled five out of his ass
some night.
Yeah, no shit.
So Laine is now leading the league in scoring.
That guy is a stud.
Hey, boys, are they going to have to sign him this summer?
What do you think he's going to get?
Because they're going to be running into some cap problems coming up soon here, no?
Possibly.
Yeah, when you get all that talent and it all comes due within the same year or two time frame,
that's when GMs have to get creative.
Otherwise, you end up with a mess like the Bruins did after their couple,
kind of what Chicago is going through right now. You got to be very careful
the way you decide to divvy that money up.
Speaking of goals...
Sorry, the mule was the last guy to do it. Johan
Fransen. Really?
Speaking of goals, we had our
Selly season throwback
celebration bracket.
We have our
winners. So we had Theo flurry going against patrick
kane and patrick kane just beat out theo flurry on our fan voting uh furious at us
i know and they're like oh you guys didn't even know it was a heartbreak i don't watch
i never never watched wrestling is that like are you supposed to know the heartbreaker and
like celebration is that that if you celebration? Is that that common?
I mean, I was probably at the F1 race in Montreal
when he was doing that in playoffs that year.
So, no, I wasn't paying attention to what exactly he did.
I thought it was impressive once it was explained to me.
But congratulations to Patrick Kane moving on.
He beat out Theo Fleury.
And then we had the Wayne Gretzky, Steve Eisenman one.
I picked Gretzky.
I think I should have changed my  I wish I could have changed my answer,
but Stevie Y beat him at 57.
So we had quite a few people vote.
We had 7,500 people vote on each.
So thank you to everyone who voted on the Budweiser Canada Selly season. Well, we got
two more matchups
today. We got Grinnell. Who do
we got? We have
Tiger Williams versus Alexander
Ovechkin. And then we
have Bobby Orr versus
Timu Solani. Whoa, that's a heated
one on the back end there. Let's start with
that one. Man,
so Bobby Or're obviously getting
tripped after he scored to win the stanley cup against st louis uh iconic photo but still very
difficult competition considering there was more of a celly involved in in the team usulani one
when he shot the duck and that's also a picture that is pretty iconic as well, guys.
Yeah, we have it on a T-shirt.
Well, there you go.
So who are you guys picking?
Oh, my God.
I mean, we know who Ari's picking.
I mean, Orr's is just so much  Orr's is the celebration.
I mean, it's like the greatest pick,
one of the greatest pictures in hockey history.
It's to win the Stanley Cup.
And it's just, I don't, I think Timu against somebody else would have a chance,
but Bobby Orr, man.
I mean, I also heard Timu said one time that that was a regret of his.
I don't know if that's true, but I thought it was hilarious and unreal.
But Bobby Orr, I mean, he's my agent.
It's Bobby Orr for sure.
Hey, well, imagine back then how old school it was
when this new rookie kid comes in and he's shooting the duck.
I wonder how many guys wanted to kill him.
Has he ever talked about how many guys said something to him,
like, I'm going to cave your face in after he did that?
I think he already had 76 goals.
I don't know what number he did that celebration on.
That was the year when he offered.
He said, Randy Collar, I'll pay you for your number eight.
He was like, get the fuck away from me.
Yeah, Randy Carlisle.
And that's why Randy Carlisle, well, didn't hate him,
but like when he came to me.
Definitely was rattled then.
He wasn't crazy about him.
I'm obviously biased, like Witt said.
I mean, I'm a bees guy.
It's the most iconic photo in the sports history.
And I think, you know, like you said, Witt, I have read that quote,
Teemu, he did have some, I don't know if regrets the proper word,
but I think he definitely wished he did that different.
So I suppose we could take a couple points away.
But I got to go with Bobby Orr, man, the greatest picture ever.
You know, he kind of let Tripp jump, whatever you want to call it.
I mean, Noel Picard looked like he gave a little extra oomph on the stick,
but Orr was already airborne.
The guy from the Boston Herald took the picture.
Like we said, it's iconic.
You know, Solani's hilarious, the shoot and the gun.
But, you know, I don't think that has the same, let's see,
gravitas, shall we say, throughout the hockey world.
So, Orr's got my vote.
And, like I said, I'm biased, so I can acknowledge that.
It'd be funny if a guy put a stick between his legs
and went up and like, fuck the camera hole.
You know?
I mean, you think he would get sussied?
I mean, guys aren't even getting sussied for biting guys.
Oh, my God.
I just think I actually pictured somebody doing that.
Hey, Tyler's saying, oh, I think I've crushed every other chick in this building.
Might as well fuck the camera hole.
You probably would get suspended for that.
You probably would at this point.
I should come back.
Dude, just crushing the camera hole.
Yeah, you go up to the one at the timekeeper's table
and you start fucking the timekeeper's hole.
at the timekeeper's table and you start fucking the timekeeper's
hole?
Yeah, you'll
definitely get at least the maximum fine
if nothing else for that.
Do you have that picture in your house?
Isn't that kind of like
everyone in Boston has it up like it's
Jesus or something? Yeah, I actually have
a different Bobby Orr picture hanging
in my house. You know when you go to the Hockey Hall of Fame,
if you've never been, there's street artists
on the planet. I'm on it. There you go.
That's right, too. You got some equipment there, right?
My socks from the
Top Prospects game when I
fought Dion Phaneuf and scored
a goal on Marc-Andre Fleury, I was
the MVP of the Top Prospects
game, not a big deal. Not a big deal.
Wow. Well, they sell all kinds of hockey art within MVP of the top prospects game, not a big deal. Not a big deal. Wow. Well, they sell all kinds of hockey within blocks of the Hall of Fame.
And I bought Bob Ewell a picture.
It's actually the same picture that they show in his display case.
It was like 10, and I bought a nice frame, put it in.
You spoiled yourself.
It could  it's something that you could tell someone cost 200.
It looks like a piece of art.
I just bought it off the street.
How about you saying you spent 10 on it?
Like, you're fucking proud of that.
Like, Jesus Christ.
I didn't even have to haggle with the guy either.
My best player of all time, I splurged 10.
Hey, consider Timu was embarrassed by it and had some regrets about it.
I'm going to vote for Bobby Orr as well.
The next one, I mean, I think the old school one's going to win.
We got Tiger Williams against Ovechkin.
People wondering which Ovechkin won.
It's when he scored, I think, the 50th goal one season,
and he did like the hot stick thing on the ice,
which obviously was preplanned.
Yeah, I never thought that one stuck.
I really didn't.
I mean, it wasn't the worst thing.
It was just like it didn't come off as it was too hot.
He didn't play off that it was too hot well enough for me.
And Tiger Williams, I mean, riding the stick.
I mean, back then, that was just an unheard of move, legendary move.
I think Ty Domi did it later on.
You've seen it happen, but that's Tiger Williams all day for me.
Grinnell, are you going to chime in here, buddy?
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, so I had Bobby Orr for the last one. And for this one, I mean, are you going to chime in here, buddy? Yeah, absolutely.
I had Bobby Orr for the last one, and
for this one, I have Tiger Williams.
I think it's easy. We couldn't really
find a good one to go up against it, but
we had to have one that used
a stick as a prop, and that
was kind of the one.
Yeah, excuse me. I got Tiger Williams
as well. Ovechkin, I think,
I don't know if he's a Jimi Hendrix fan.
That's what I thought he was kind of doing.
Do you remember Jimi Hendrix lit his guitar on fire?
It was similar to that.
Like, it was too hot.
I mean, I doubt Ovechkin was copping Jimi Hendrix,
but it did remind me of that.
Also, it's fucking Tiger Williams, man.
Who's going to tell him, though?
The guy has the most penalty minutes ever in NHL history, 3,971 pims.
That's more than 400 more than the second guy, Dale
Hunter. So I think Tiger Williams is pretty much going to get his way. Biz, can I give a special
nominee that didn't get picked? Absolutely. This was a great one. Actually, one of my listeners,
one of our followers brought it to my attention. Marc Savard, it was 2010 playoffs for us,
the Flyers. Of course, the Bruins did blow that series,
so people tend not to remember that series.
But I think it was game three or four.
Remember the overtime winner he scored, Whitney?
Marc Savard, he scores the blast, the laser over,
I think it was Boucher's shoulder.
And then he just bangs the stick on the ice as he skates toward the boards
and just flings it into the crowd and, like, jumps off the boards.
It's an epic celebration.
I remember that.
So he gave Philly Bolton board material,
and then they ended up fucking coming back and spanking the bees?
Yeah, I don't even know if it was really Bolton board material.
It wasn't really a diss at Philly.
It was just a reaction.
He just banged a stick on the ice and just threw it over the boards
into the stands.
So, yeah, a little honorable mention for our buddy, Mark Savard.
Well, Grinnell's going to do his work,
and he's going to put both of these online so you guys can vote
again. We'd love for you guys
to once again commentate
some funny sellies that have happened
this season so far.
This one kid's been just raking in. I actually
sent him that gold Bud Light,
the Bud
Wiser Light, and he
actually told me to bet on the game
when the Buffalo Sabers were going to
play the penguins when they were i think we're at five in a row already and they were down four one
and they ended up coming back and winning it so so he won the bet and i i messaged him after i'm
like hey how much did you hammer on him he says oh 10 bucks i'm a college student i was like oh my
god dude like 10 bucks like jesus christ where'd you get the same painting ra got i'm 10 but that was my
viggs vigan college come on man hey how many units ra is gambling with do you think by the time we
record wednesday night buffalo will still be undefeated i think they play san jose home so
they'd be trying to get to 10 by beating evander kane and san jose just got spanked by Vegas I think it was six nothing
six so six cobs so they're going to be looking to have a bounce back game but man I'm seeing
all these videos from Buffalo it's like they're on a Stanley Cup run right now it's wild we've
talked about it those people are diehard they're diehard and we I think it would it would be a monster show maybe maybe we do a live podcast
from uh first round playoff their first home playoff game if they get in the playoffs we would
crush chippewa street or you guys would i would just you know i'd have a couple beers and be a
professional podcaster buffalo is one of my favorite cities because like i'm like i'm like
a five maybe a six on a good day, and I just fit right in there.
People from Buffalo are loving me right now.
I'm like their biggest super fan, so I'm getting so much love on social media.
Because someone told you to take their over points of the year,
and you've turned into like the mayor of the Buffalo run.
Hey, what if Grinnell got presented a key to the city
before playoffs this year?
It's coming. It's coming.
You and Jim Kelly.
He still wouldn't get a kill.
Hey. it's coming it's coming you and jim kelly he still wouldn't get a kill hey uh we see you for the bar tab because cheap is shit um all right so i think with that we're gonna go to uh our second interview of the podcast
and this is with matthew matthew kachuk who as everyone's noticed, has been lighting it up. Just an incredible year so far.
Edmonton Oilers fans despise him.
He brought back the Battle of Alberta
to some real hatred recently.
We actually interviewed him before that.
I know we've had a couple issues with banking interviews,
but still, it's a great chat.
And so we present to you now, Matthew Kachuk.
This Matthew Kachuk interview is brought to you by Herbal Active,
and he may need some after that Battle of Alberta and Zach Kassian pumping his eyes shut. Use promo code
biz20 for 20 off the entire website, or use the special Cyber Monday promotion code biz30
for 30 off all drops and mints. Their products include balm, drops, mints, dog and cat treats for your pet. The balm helps for sore muscles and
joints. The drops help for mental clarity, anxiety, depression, and other brain issues that you may
have. Hit them up on social media at Herbal Active on Twitter and Instagram. That's U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.
U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.
U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.
Hit them up on social media.
They'll answer all the questions you need through direct message on Twitter and Instagram.
And enjoy the product because I know we do.
Folks, I want to welcome to the podcast a first-time guest,
probably one of the biggest scumbag rats in the NHL,
in today's NHL at least.
He was drafted sixth overall by the Calgary Flames. He did play junior hockey in London.
Quick cup of coffee, mem cup, not a big deal.
And then he went to the show where he's been a fucking pest, as I mentioned.
Welcome to the podcast, Matthew Kachuk.
Yeah, thank you.
Thanks, Biz.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Thanks for coming on, dude.
So we have to address something right away.
We're doing a couple interviews tonight.
We just spoke to your younger brother, Brady, starring for Ottawa early in his NHL career.
And we also had your dad on.
So not only are you the third Kachuk to join this podcast,
you've also,
apparently,
it's a fact from both of them that Brady
would kick the shit out of you if you guys actually ever
ended up Chucking Knucks. Is that true?
What's your statement?
I don't think I'd ever be on the ice
at the same time as Bradyady to be honest but um so
that's my comeback whenever my dad says he can kick my ass but um normally i say he's not uh
he's not allowed on the ice the same time as me oh wow i don't play against third liners i'm a
first liner that's actually the ultimate kind of trump card no pun intended well that's that's all
i got on him just because
he probably could kick my ass now he's a big boy and uh definitely stay away from used to pick on
him when i was younger but not doing too much of that these days so as the older brother you're
conceding ah not not quite yet there hasn't been a time and a place where i've handed over the
throne but i'm a little tentative because I think that day might be coming soon.
Hey, Ruff and Rowdy.
You guys want to make some money?
You guys want to make some dough off this?
Exactly.
Where are you right now, Matthew?
I'm up in Calgary right now.
We just got back after a little road trip.
So nice little getting at 4 a.m. day off. So just got back after a little road trip.
Nice little get in at 4 a.m. day off.
Just been watching football all day.
The old shit sandwich.
Perfect time on the schedule.
You have to sleep all day to recover. You wake up,
eat a meal, and all of a sudden it's time to go back to bed.
Yeah, exactly.
Eat a meal, go to bed, wake up,
bag skate tired.
It's not bag skate. We don't play until, not bag skate,
we don't play again until Wednesday.
So I'm sure it won't be too easy of a practice tomorrow.
But, yeah, I don't think any team really has an easy schedule.
So, but it is good that we're starting to play some games now.
Matthew, you obviously saw Riddich's celebration
before Johnny Goudreau had scored.
What did the boys make of that?
Yeah, we loved it.
He told us, actually, when we brought it up to him,
he said that he did it last year as well.
And then whoever was on the breakaway did not score.
And then the other team, I forget who we were playing with,
we were playing against, maybe it was Boston, came back, or San Jose came back and scored right after that and ended up winning the
game so um but I guess he's not too superstitious he did again yesterday and it worked it was a
great move by Johnny but now Rich he's a he's an awesome guy he's hysterical real dry sense of
humor so uh these boys are kind of a little bit oh that. He knew it was going to go viral. Oh, yeah, he was great, yeah.
Probably media whore, call it now.
Unreal.
Did Johnny Hammond-Cheese also do some sort of a point as well, too, Matthew?
Like, right when he got the puck, it looked like he kind of, like,
was he calling his shot or something?
Did you notice that as well?
I'm not sure.
I was on the bench, honestly honestly not really knowing what's going on
the two fast teams you got McKinnon
going down one end about the score
potentially and you got Johnny going the other way
you know a lot going on
so I don't know what he was doing but
it ended up working we needed that win
I raised like some conspiracy
theorists he thinks like Johnny Goudreau
pointed at the net when he was going to score
he said it to a few people.
And everyone's like, oh, man.
Kind of like
his John Travolta reference.
Oh, everybody.
Everyone got it.
Hey, Matt.
The only people who got it were his burner
accounts.
We saw a video
the other day, a tweet of you
and Jason Tatum on the Boston Celtics.
Did you go to grade school with them or something?
Yeah,
we went to
middle school or whatever it is in
St. Louis. We went from
7th, 8th, and 9th grade, and then I went up
to the U.S. team, and he stayed for
the rest of high school at our school,
Chaminade, back in St. Louis
and completely tore it up.
We're actually in the same gym class together two years in a row,
so that's kind of a cool little story,
him being an absolute stud in the NBA
and me playing up here at Calgary.
It's just pretty cool looking back.
That was only us a few years ago, you know,
screwing around playing dodgeball in eighth grade gym class.
Are you still good? Are you still good pals with him?
I keep in touch with him. I mean, we don't talk a ton, a ton,
but I definitely gave him a text when he was drafted and the run he went on in
the playoffs gave us a few texts about that.
But we're proud of him in St. Louis or I'm proud of him.
about that.
But we're proud of him in St. Louis.
I'm proud of him.
He's obviously so young.
To see how well he did last year and just the little cherry on top,
dunking on LeBron right in his grill.
I loved it.
It was great.
No, he's going to be a stud.
He's going to make a lot of money in the NBA.
Was he a freak, like, back when you were going to school with him already, or was it, like, kind of a late bloomer?
He's always been, like, tall like tall and like lanky um like he hasn't been and like as a as an athlete he was always the best but nobody really knew he was going to be you know potential best rookie in
the nba this year um we knew he was going to be a stud we knew he was going to be a most likely a
one-and-done in college and play in the NBA eventually.
But he kind of sped up the process a little bit more than I thought,
even though I knew he was going to be an NBA stud one day.
Do you think if he ever hurt his finger in a game,
he'd need a wheelchair to get off the court like most of the fucking guys in the NBA?
No, I think he's actually pretty tough.
I think he's one of the
rare
breeds of a little toughness. I think
he'd take a lot to get him out of the game.
He's a tough St. Louis guy.
What do
you guys all make of the Jimmy Butler
situation? I'll ask you, Matthew.
How he just basically
tweeted out a bunch of stuff and then he went
into their first practice
and just started ripping the GM and screaming at guys.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't really know what to make of it.
I heard, I don't know if I have all the facts either,
but I heard, and you guys can tell me if I'm right or wrong,
but he went in with the third stringers
and beat up all the starters.
If that's true after Chirp and the GM and all the players like that,
hysterical.
I mean, it's not a great guy move, but I think it's hysterical.
I think it's funny.
I don't know if I'd want to play with him, but if I'm a guy in another sport,
I think it's pretty funny.
Imagine Goudreau taking the Black Aces out and just screaming, like,
fuck you, you need me, make me an energy sandwich.
Actually, speaking of Goudreau, who are your boys on the road?
That is fucking ridiculous.
Speaking of Goudreau, who are your boys on the road?
Like, who's your crew?
That is fucking ridiculous.
I think we actually have a lot of guys this year who are pretty similar around the same age.
We've got, obviously, Johnny, Monty.
They're both pretty young guys,
but I feel like they've been in the NHL for years.
They're part of kind of like our younger guy crew.
Sam Bennett, Mark Jankowski,
Noah Hannafin, Lindholm this
year.
We got a whole fucking squad.
Yeah, we got a nice little
crew this year. That Sam Bennett is fucking hilarious.
Yeah, he's a mutant. He's great.
Oh, mutant is right. I went to the
Stampede this year and met him,
and he fucking lined up like 40 shots.
Like, I fucking had to introduce myself.
Yeah, the guy's fucking lined up like 40 shots.
Most likely Burt Reynolds.
Yeah, most likely Burt Reynolds.
Yeah, they were Burt Reynolds.
No, they weren't.
I was like, who the fuck orders these anymore?
Wait, what's a Burt Reynolds?
No idea.
But I remember the name.
What's a Burt Reynolds, Matt?
It's like, I don't even know.
I think it's a little bit of, it's two different things mixed in one.
And I, it's just.
Yeah, it's two alcohols.
But Benny loves them.
But Benny loves them. I feel like it's just yeah yeah it's two alcohols and then he loves him i feel like it's his thing
and like like he like loves it because he knows like it the boys talk about it yeah
with um jaeger jaeger meisters yeah the jaeger bonus bennett's known as the burt reynolds guy
at the bar yeah yeah he's gonna he's love it. I brought him up with that tomorrow.
He's going to love it.
Yeah, he'll be thrilled.
Hey, I got to ask about Monaghan
because there's that like
parody account to him on Twitter
is like boring Sean Monaghan.
People just chirping for interviews
and stuff or is he just quiet naturally?
Like that's just like I even
I even saw that account before
before playing with him and i was
like oh i'm gonna probably play with him he's you know not gonna say pretty much anything just be
pretty straight faced the whole time and he's like completely the opposite once you get to know him
like he's an unreal guy um so funny like great sense of humor dry sense of humor um definitely isn't like monotone or like
doesn't talk a lot like he he you know especially once you get to know him he's real outgoing but
yeah once i was i thought the exact same thing when i was first drafted so i didn't know any
of the boys um going into my first training camp so i was like all right i see this boring
sean monagahan twitter account pop
up like oh god like this isn't gonna be you know wasn't expecting this and then you meet him he's
you know kind of a complete 180 he's an awesome guy and uh yeah great sense of humor is he the
guy in the room that's kind of doing most of the chirper like he's going after people or is there
another guy in there that's kind of the clown no i, I think there's a few guys that, I don't know, kind of do a fair amount.
I think the guy who, you know, other than game time,
because during game time he's real serious
and, you know, he's obviously pretty dialed in at all times.
But I think, you know, in the morning skates or in practices,
I think Gio is a guy who likes to throw a lot of chirps.
And so is Hamnick.
But I'd say Gio probably takes the cake for the most subtle stuff.
It's just like little stuff.
It's, you know, handle it stuff.
And you've been awful today.
Wrist curls.
Wrist curls.
Mix in a water, Bennett.
Yeah.
Who's your road roommate? Wrist curls. Wrist curls. Mix in a water, Bennett. Yeah. Yeah.
Who's your road roommate?
I actually, we have an odd number of guys right now on the ELC. So, I actually do not have one right now.
But last year was Jen Kowski.
The year before, it was half Brett Kulak and half Sam Bennett.
So, you know, kind of some of the guys, too,
that have become my closest buddies as well.
Now, one of the earlier preseason games, you had the A on for a game, correct?
Yeah, and I have one during the regular season here as well.
Well, that's, I mean, that sounds like the coaching staff.
That was a nice way of saying I got a fucking letter in my jersey already.
I was a preseason letter.
Whitney was a preseason letter guy.
Matthew Kachuk's a regular season letter guy.
Suck on that one.
No, that's what I'm getting at.
And, you know, speaking of playing like a veteran,
you certainly were when you decided to back up um drew dowdy's tree a couple years ago
now you know was was any of that stuff sort of premeditated or did it just happen organically
and you said screw it i'm just gonna ride this wave yeah i mean it obviously playing against guys
especially the teams out west you play them so much that you're going to have, I wouldn't say enemies,
but it's unnatural to start to not like them, if that makes sense.
You're going to not like them when you play against them that many times.
So I think the first couple games of the year, real intense games.
He's a very intense player.
I wouldn't say likes to chirp, but to play hard he's emotional guy so um I kind of feel like that's how I am too
um and it's kind of one of those things where I'd like to say an accident happened I got suspended
for a couple games and um probably said some things that I probably shouldn't have said in the media after,
and that he said in the media after that got us going,
and I got them going a little bit.
And, yeah, that one game, it was kind of
I don't even know if that was a real hockey game.
It was more just like a shirking brawl every single whistle.
Medieval Times dinner and tournament.
Yeah, it literally started in warm-ups.
There was like five guys on five guys at the red line.
It was pretty classic.
But yeah, that game honestly wasn't even like a real game.
It was crazy.
It was real intense.
But I think that's just something that just boils over from a bunch of times
playing against somebody on a team you just don't like.
Now, when all that shit was going on, did any vets pull you aside and say,
hey, kid, what are you doing here?
I cut the shit, or did they just kind of let you do your thing?
No, they kind of just let me do my thing,
and I remember thinking about it at that time.
I was like, I could either just sit back this one game,
because I knew everyone was coming after me that game.
They were pretty much mathematically eliminated from playoffs,
and we were one point away from clinching or whatever with like six or seven games left
uh and um so i kind of figured i was like this is gonna either gonna go one way or the other
it depends on how i want to handle it and i would either sit back and take a little bit of abuse in
the first period or first shift and then hopefully it you know is all forgotten
you could just play or you can do a complete 180 and go right after them and that's what i decided
to do and um i definitely didn't regret it and uh it was pretty like i said pretty intense game and
still uh still pretty uh crazy playing them there's always a little bit of that still when we play them today.
Matthew, I was  sorry, when Sean Avery came on,
we talked to him about playing that rat role,
and I asked him a similar question.
Do you get, like, any type of anxiety going into games
knowing you have to play that type of role?
No, I honestly don't think about it, Biz.
I'm more of like I don't think that really affects players in the NHL.
I mean, I know it doesn't affect me if I'm playing against guys like that.
I think the main thing that affects players and the things that piss me off
are like the guys you don't like playing against who are
real hard to play against that also like can produce I think that's the most frustrating
thing as a player playing against guys that on other teams that are emotional players that play
hard that also produce and produce on the scoreboard and and help their team win like to
me that's the most frustrating thing to play against so uh that's what i try to do each each game i'm i'm playing try to play that hard
intense style help my team and and produce and i think that affects uh players more than anything
so so part of your job is essentially balancing it where you can't be putting too much focus and
effort on being the rat side of it because you're going to be expected to produce so you have to
walk an extremely fine line to not be giving too much energy to the shit way because you're going to be expected to produce so you have to walk an extremely fine line to not
be giving too much energy to the shit way because you got to fucking put up numbers
yeah honestly i don't really put any energy to that part it kind of i guess sometimes it just
comes with it um but going in i definitely don't i definitely don't really think about it
um or put any extra energy into it, I guess.
That's amazing that you can do that organically.
That's very fucking impressive.
Yeah, to be honest, it just doesn't.
Yeah, it's definitely not something I go into games thinking that's how it's going to be.
You're not going to ramp up the rap level tonight?
You don't like?
No.
Okay, all right no no especially uh no especially
in in those um in those games where like you said you're expected to produce and you're expected to
help your team that way you definitely don't think about it but i think in those games too
sometimes the other part of it comes even more naturally if that makes sense yeah and correct
me if i'm wrong but your dad was an amazingly skilled player and could
score with the best of him but he also was just a prick to play against so brady plays a similar
way you play a similar way so i i mean it had to be watching your dad and how he played and
idolizing him and then him telling you how he thinks the game should be played and that is
when you hate playing against someone and the fans of the team you're playing against hate you that means everything's going right no yeah exactly i mean
i just growing up around him every single day you pick up everything in the way he played we want to
play like our dad that's just how it was um even little stuff like that he would say that not a lot
of people think about the way i don't know i'll just think of something right now. Like he's like when you hit somebody, hit to hurt them.
Like stuff like that.
Like you don't just hit them to hit them.
You're like that's little stuff that when you're in front of the net,
you battle until you score a goal.
Like he says that stuff that maybe some people don't really think about,
but when you think about it that way, that's kind of how you end up playing.
And he was a goal scorer and played a real tough physical style,
but he was a 500-goal scorer, so scored a lot of goals in the NHL,
and that's ultimately not a big deal at all.
But ultimately, we want to produce, we want to score goals,
but we also want to be tough to play against,
and ultimately, we want to score goals but we also want to uh be tough to play against and and ultimately we
want to be winners so um hope hope all that translates to becoming a winner someday it's
amazing it's it's so he's so simplified where like adam oates would come on and he simplified
everything and you know it just goes back to be in front of the net battle until you score a goal
and that resonates and it ends up fucking sure enough turning into a nice nhl
career yeah exactly so um i'm wondering when you were growing up i mean you're around the
rink you're hanging with your brother uh in the blues locker room who was the guys that you kind
of always loved being around or having you know kind of followed around when we asked brady this
i'm interested to see if you say the same names yeah we were we were always around i think later in my dad's career
once we realized you know we wanted to be nhl players too and we realized like i know it's
gonna sound bad but like the the sick nhl players that he was playing with the time i think you
you seem to hang out and then you know kind of creep on those guys more at the rink i know we were around paul crea a lot later on in his career like when
we would go on the ice before practice we had david backers and david and um
and lee stepniak live at our house along with phil mccray
so we were around them all the time and i think a guy that that really went out
of his way to to to play with us at the rink and to teach
us new things was david pran
uh so i think a lot of those guys we we really learned from and we liked hanging around when
when we're at home we're always like dad let's do this let's do that when we get to the rink we're
like screw you dad we want to play with these younger guys that are more studs so um i think
that's kind of how it was but and then and that was during practices think during game days, me and my brother, when we'd go there,
especially when we were younger, we'd just go in after a game's win or loss.
We'd just play mini sticks in there, fight, and that was kind of our routine.
You mentioned Paul Correa.
Did you end up picking up any superstitions from him or anything?
Maybe in his routine?
I didn't until after, until like I became older
when my dad would tell like the old tales about Paul Correa.
But I didn't pick up any when I was there.
My dad was telling me that, or me and my brother,
that he would never walk to the rinks on game days or practice days
no matter how close it was.
He wouldn't walk upstairs either.
Yeah, he would stretch for hours before practice.
He would chew his food however many times,
so it was easier to digest or something.
A bunch of these crazy things, these crazy superstitious things
that you hear about, and yeah, I guess they're all true.
It's crazy.
Matt, you had 44 fewer penalty minutes in
your second season than your first was that by design did you consciously say you know I got
to take fewer penalties or did your coaches tell you that or it's just kind of happened to play out
that way no I think I wasn't really happy with my production uh personally in my first year i felt like i could provide a lot more to the team
than what i uh i did in my first year i know i was still young and stuff but i felt there was
uh more to be done offensively so i think in in year two i tried to take that next step
offensively and um unfortunately i i missed the the last month in a little bit with an injury
coming down the stretch for hopefully making a playoff spot.
So that was real frustrating.
But I think in year three, I think I still want to play that tough style
and that hard-to-play style.
But I do want to take hopefully another step offensively
and make our team a playoff team.
I think looking back after these past two years,
we got swept in my first year and didn't make the playoffs last year.
I think being home and watching that first round of playoffs
and watching playoffs throughout all the way to the Stanley Cup final,
it's so painful and it's almost like you're helpless.
There's nothing you can do.
And the talk kind kind around here is we
don't want to ever let that happen again so i think that's the uh that's the only step i that's
one of the main steps i really want to take this year is is i don't definitely don't want to be at
home mid-august watching uh watching playoff hockey that's for sure matthew uh one thing i'm
surprised wit didn't ask you about was the the national teams you played on and how fucking
stacked they were yeah it's it's crazy uh we were actually a few of us were looking back on it this
summer I think there's only two or three forwards from our U18 team our U18 team at and uh and I'm
in Ann Arbor Michigan that hasn't played an NHL game yet. That is fucking insane.
That's kind of ridiculous.
I think there was nine or ten out of the 12 or 13 forwards
that have played an NHL game, and that was only two years ago.
So I have nothing but great things to say about the U.S. team
and all the guys that have come there and how great they made us into,
into people and players being able to train with the best every day was,
it was, I mean, your plan,
your practice and every day against Austin Matthews like that,
if that doesn't make you better than you should quit hockey.
Yeah, that's a good way to look at it.
No. So there are so many guys that you get,
you were competing against every single day so i
don't i wouldn't say there's a surprise um actually do you know what yeah it is a surprise that
there's that many guys that have played an hl game already i wouldn't say like down the road
that would be a surprise number but i mean we're talking about a few guys here who are i mean
warrenski hannafin matthewsAvoy. We're talking about fucking superstars.
I mean, of course.
Yeah, we had a pretty good birthday.
That's all I really got for you on that.
Well, hey, the only guy that was above you in scoring your 18 year,
besides Austin Matthews, is it Jack Roslovich?
Am I saying that right?
Yeah, yeah, Jack Roslovich.
I don't think a lot of people know about him yet.
He's a stud though, no?
He honestly is.
His skating is Eichel skating.
They skate the exact same.
He completely flies.
He's one of my best friends.
He's an awesome guy.
He's a guy that when I played with him in Austin, our U18 year,
they kind of just threw us together as a line, you know,
right before the midway point of that year.
And it was like an automatic click right away.
And we had a great year together. And I think ultimately us three looking back of that year and it was like an automatic click right away and we had we had a great year together um and i and i think ultimately us three looking back on that year at playing with
each other ultimately made us all better and that's all you can really ask for what are you
doing um downtown brady especially with all the traveling are you a card player movie tv guy what's
what's your specialty on the on the plane or in the hotel room? Are you one of these Fortnite weirdos?
No, not a weirdo like that at all.
Never played Fortnite, and I swore to myself that I never will.
It's outrageous.
What did your father catch you playing that night, though,
when he came in your room?
He said he caught you playing something late at night.
What game was that?
Yeah, himself probably.
Yeah, so I've got a little something to say about that.
That's a little blown out of proportion.
Whoa.
Yeah.
He was making it seem like I was freaking up until 4 a.m.
playing Call of Duty, which I was playing Call of Duty.
I mean, it wasn't that late.
It was just after dinner playing with a couple of guys.
But actually a pretty good story I got for you guys actually the next night because he was mad
at me he kind of tripped me on the show for having a late night so I'll give it to him right back now
um so he goes out with uh he goes out with a couple of guys from we're playing the blues on
like a Friday or Saturday and um he goes out the night
before our game meets with a couple a couple of the blues like medical staff equipment staff um
that were around in in his uh in his day and he goes out you know pretty late night or whatever
and i always give him my spare set of keys you know just come back be quiet i got a game tomorrow
you know all that stuff so i get a call and my phone's never on it's always on do not disturb whatever i get a call at
1 a.m from a random calgary number and i would never answer this in my life but for some reason
i answered it and it's the concierge down to my in the lobby of my apartment building. And he goes, hey, Matthew, there's this random guy down here
that says he's your dad and says he forgot his keys and his phone
and everything out at the bar or restaurant he was at
and says I can let him up to your room.
Like, what do you want me to say to him?
I was like, I don't know.
Like, what does he look like?
And he goes, you know, he's a,
he's a big guy and he's bald. I go, fuck, send him up.
So I guess he just left everything at the bar restaurant.
He was at came home and tried to convince this is that like two,
one, two in the morning and tried to convince the concierge that he was my dad,
which he was my concierge didn't believe him. So I told him the next day,
I go, Hey, your time's done.
Nobody recognizes you anymore.
It's a new day and age now.
In Canada, nonetheless. Oh, man.
That's a shot to the eagle.
That is beautiful.
Yeah.
I think that might have hurt him a little bit,
that he's not recognized as much as he was back in the
Winnipeg days here in Canada
and the St. Louis days.
That's a tough one.
So yeah, anyways, roundabout
answer. So are you a
card player? What do you do with the movies, TV?
What do you do to kill the time?
No, I'm only
card player.
I have to sit at the pit and play cards it just
makes the flights go way faster i i can't be sitting there on my computer or phone the whole
flight i gotta play cards it makes it go by faster plus a little bit of bonus when you have a little
bit of spending money on the road hey uh your dad ever tell you any of his gambling stories? No, no. He doesn't tell me
too much of those. He just
tells me about
I think some of the classic stories that
everybody hears about.
I think a bunch
of them were going to
I forget where they were going one night, but
they were tied late in the game. I'm sure you guys
heard the story. Oh, yeah. I told it.
Legendary.
I think they were taking a flight to game. I'm sure you guys have heard the story. Oh, yeah. I told it. Legendary.
I think they were taking a flight to either Vegas that night
or somewhere on a day off
or something.
That's just the legendary story
that I hear about. I don't hear too much
of the other stuff. I think he keeps
that pretty hush-hush.
You and Brady, you're like,
oh, dad's telling the Vegas game winner again, for Christ's sake.
We've heard that one.
There's way crazier ones than I've heard,
and we will not ever tell them on this podcast.
He's probably got a hitman from Arizona.
Hey, he's probably got a guy here that will bury some bodies.
What games do you play for cards?
What do you play on all poker-related games,
dealer's choice, what?
No poker.
Yeah, no poker.
We don't  I think it's a little too much work
bringing a bunch of chips and stuff on the plane.
But anything from 13 up, 13 down to schnarps.
Oh, schnarpps is fun.
Schnapps is real fun.
Who's the biggest lemon on the team?
Who's a donation every time?
Who's the ATM machine?
Right now, the ATM machine is Mark Jankowski.
Awesome guy.
Awesome guy.
Great guy.
Great guy.
So we don't feel too  we feel bad about it but we
still accept the money um but do you blue light them do you blue light them at all
at first trip actually first trip we're like because him and him and uh austin zarnik are
new to the table me and uh and lindholm we're just like all right you know you guys haven't
played this game before like we'll just do right, you know, you guys haven't played this game before. Like, we'll just do half, you know, whatever you guys were supposed to.
Oh, just do half.
And then the next trip, me and Lindy got completely roasted by these two.
And, you know, we didn't have  like, we weren't paying half.
Like, they didn't say, you know, hey, here you go, guys.
You just have to pay half.
Like, of course, we had to pay the full boat.
So, we're coming for blood now every play.
We're just blue-eyed. No longer a friendly game. Yeah, exactly. Like, of course, we had to pay the full boat, so we're coming for blood now every play. What does blue light mean?
Go longer a friendly game.
Yeah, exactly.
When you said blue light, for our listeners that don't know,
what does that mean?
Oh, it means, like, are you going to take some
like, let's say you owe the guy 150.
You say, ah, just give me 100.
Ah, okay.
Oh, okay.
Oh, yeah, who's the fucking gambling guy now, R.A.?
Hey, who the fuck's the gambling guy? R.A. was playing, like, yeah. Who's the fucking gambling guy now, R.A.? Who the fuck's the gambling guy?
R.A. was playing like Uno.
I'll bet.
There's money to be made.
I'll bet on anything.
Uno.
Hey, Matthew, are you playing some G or are you just kind of chill?
What's your deal in the offseason?
Say that part again, Whit? Sorry, what do you do in the summer? uh say that part say that part again wait sorry what do
you do in the summer like you play golf or do you just chill like you got any hobbies in the offseason
yeah normally i've been splitting my offseason i've been splitting time my offseason the past
couple years i normally go to st louis for the first half but i kind of take it easy uh from
you know the past two years like said, we were out pretty early.
So I spent the first little bit in St. Louis and would play golf all the time.
And we have a great course that we play at in St. Louis.
So, and then I'd go to Cape Cod always where our parents,
my parents have a place.
I go there for 4th of July.
And normally after that,
I head up to Toronto and work out with Gary Roberts who
I've been training with for the past three years and love training with him he's been awesome for
me and kind of when I go up to Toronto it's I seem to to start not golfing as much and not doing the
other stuff as much and trying to start dialing it in a little bit and it seemed to be a pretty
good routine that I've liked doing the past couple summers.
But normally it's St. Louis, Cape Cod, Toronto,
and maybe a couple vacations in the middle of all of it.
Tell the listeners who dad's neighbors are down the Cape.
Yeah, so down in the Cape right now,
one of the, I'd say the big one
that everyone's going to probably love hearing is Bobby Orr lives, you know,
in the same complex as us.
So we see him out on the course all the time.
And I know they play golf in the, you know,
the member guest tournament where they each bring in a guest.
And Bobby's great.
He's an awesome guy.
Like, I don't know what you know all
the stories or you know the wise tales you guys have heard about him but he's like the one of the
nicest guys I've ever met in my life and you know just seems like he'd be unreal to play with back
in the day and um he he's just I think he's been great for the game and um yeah he's cool he always
comes I actually had a pretty cool story.
I had a bunch of buddies down for Fourth of July this past year.
Actually, Biz Devo and Fish were down there.
Oh, awesome.
And so I had a few more buddies from the Cape who brought some of their buddies down.
And we're playing some wiffle ball or hanging out by the pool.
And a couple cold ones celebrating the fourth and uh bobby's just driving by on the golf cart and stops by and just starts you know
taking pictures with everybody and it's not like he like did it in like a cocky way where he's like
all right who wants a picture but it's just like everybody wanted one got a kissing booth
five bucks exactly exactly it was just such a great sport about it all of it and he's just such a great sport about it all that he's just so he's so famous especially
in that area in the boston area it's crazy the way people react uh you know in front of him but
um yeah he's a legend one of the best ever it's pretty cool brady last a couple questions are you
single brady or fuck did i say. Yeah, yeah. All right.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Fuck you, Matthew.
You're not going anywhere.
Come on.
I hit the weed pen.
It's getting late.
I hit the same one R.A. was taking.
Yeah, Matthew, sorry.
Back to my question.
Are you single?
And the reason I ask is have you been able to get out with Hannah Finn
and are you going to be riding that guy's coattails all year rocket yeah i i am signal i am single and i have
been out with hanny a couple times this year so far and uh yeah he uh yes i am riding his hotel yeah he seems to you know he's um but he's he's not uh you know i've been out with him
but he has a girlfriend so i you know oh perfect i see now there's no competition
yeah he's a good way you're like hey you got to get through me to get to him. No, he's, yeah, he's, you know,
it seems like all the guys are girlfriends.
We have a lot of guys on our team that are, you know,
kind of in our crew that have girlfriends,
but there's still a few of us that are single.
So it's a good mix.
But, yeah, Hanny's, yeah, Hanny's a great guy to go out with,
a great wingman.
Seems like all the guys with girlfriends are the best wingmans, I guess.
Well, that's it, buddy.
That's all we want from you.
Sorry I called you Brady.
Sorry R.A. called you Brady.
But Witt didn't.
There's some positives in this.
That's why Witt's the best right there.
That's why he beat our own interview.
I was just trying to think of who the toughest brother was.
That's why his name came to mind.
Anyway, thanks for having me on the pod.
And tell Smitty I said hello.
I will.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Thank you.
Good luck.
That interview was also brought to you by Omaha Steaks.
Me and the Whit Dog last year,
we went through so many Omaha Steaks at holiday season.
We bought them gifts for all the guys in our family.
People bought the gifts for us. It's the best steak you can get out of there on the internet. I'm not sure if you're familiar with Omaha Steaks at holiday season. We bought them gifts for all the guys in our family. People bought the gifts for us.
It's the best steak you can get out of there on the internet.
I'm not sure if you're familiar with Omaha Steaks.
It began with a father and son who left Riga, Latvia years ago
to escape religious persecution, came to the States.
Basically, it became the American dream.
They ended up in Omaha, Nebraska, started with the Steaks,
and off and running, man.
Everybody knows Omaha Steaks.
When you mention Omaha, the first thing you think of is steaks.
And right now they're giving an incredible deal.
It's 74 off Omaha Steaks family gift package, okay?
It's normally 195.
You can get it for just 49.99 when you use the promo code CHICKLETS.
Okay, so you just want to go to omahasteaks.com,
put in the promo code CHICKLETS in the search bar,
and you're going to get this huge, gigantic discount.
One more time, omahasteaks.com, type in CHICKLETS in the search bar,
and you get the family gift package.
Add that to your cart.
You're going to get 195 worth of stuff for just 49.99.
Can't beat it.
All kinds of cuts, all kinds of great stuff.
Check it out.
Do it today.
OmahaSteaks.com.
Promo code Checklets.
Big thank you to Matthew Kachuk for coming on.
A true throwback player.
I know a lot of you listeners are going to complain about,
oh, he turtled on Cassian.
Who gives a shit?
This guy's a gamer.
He could play for me any day of the week.
Funny guy, too.
Guys on his team love him, and I don't think he really gives a shit
that you don't like him because that's his main objective out there.
Public enemy number one when he steps into away buildings.
We wish him luck this season, and, yeah, that's pretty much all I got about him, boys.
What do you think?
It's great talking to him.
I mentioned he's a while back.
My very first interview of an NHL player was when I was doing an intern in college
and it was Keith Kachuk.
I talked to him after the Phoenix Coyotes very first game as the Coyotes
back in October 96.
So kind of done a full circle thing.
Talked to both Brady and Matthew. So kind of done a full circle thing. Talked to both, you know, Brady and Matthew.
So it's pretty cool from that aspect.
I mean, it just means I'm old because I've been fucking interviewing guys
for decades now.
But personally, it was pretty cool to talk to him.
And like I said before, I know the whole family, the old man and stuff.
And it's been nice to see him not only make the NHL,
but succeed at this level.
So it's good to see.
Couldn't agree more.
And, boys, one thing I want to touch on is Dan Carcillo once again came,
kind of took a jab at us on Twitter,
just basically saying that we make light of CTE and make light of bullying.
I fired back.
I said, no, we don't.
We talk about hits.
We talk about whether they should be suspendable.
I fired back.
I said, no, we don't.
We talk about hits.
We talk about whether they should be suspendable.
I sometimes fuck up with words or names or ad reads because I can't read.
And, you know, I make CTE jokes about myself. Obviously, I've had enough concussions where I suffer from some issues.
I make light of my own personal situation.
I'm self-deprecating.
That's what I do.
Like, I don't care if the boys shit on me or if people
rag on me. I don't make fun of other people's situations. Obviously, there's a lot of guys out
there going through some things. I respect Dan Carcillo and everything he's doing as far as
bringing awareness to this concussion situation. I don't necessarily like how he's going about it
in some instances by trying to throw guys under the bus and and basically if you're not on his team you're against him uh he apologized right after for for misspeaking but keep in mind
this is the second time he's came at me on twitter the first time was after him after me liking a
a tom wilson hit tweet where i was just trying to save it so i could reference it on the podcast
and that was after i told Dan that I would gladly
have him on the podcast to discuss what he's doing, the research he's found. And of course,
he's been through a horrible situation with his best friend, Steve Monador, committed suicide,
who suffered from concussions and CTE and post-concussion syndrome. So I just want everyone
to know we are totally on board with what he's
doing and learning and educating himself and educating others. I'm not fucking down with
bullying either. I think we all know that if someone's going to try and bully someone that
they have some deep-rooted issues with themselves and that's why they're doing it. We're good people
on this podcast. I wouldn't surround myself with people who aren't good people.
If we may sometimes come off a little bit offensive,
most of the time we're going to say, hey, we didn't mean it in that regard.
We're just out here having fun, trying to make people laugh.
And we don't like to talk about a lot of serious issues on here
because we feel like this is a two, two and a half hour window
where people can escape their daily lives and just have
laughs with us regarding hockey stories. Like they're back in the locker room. We get countless
messages from people saying, man, it's the best two hours of my, my, my week, or it's four hours
of my week now. Cause we're going to two episodes a week in their commutes. Some people, you know,
ride tractors that are, are going through uh like farming season and
they say oh it's fucking awesome and they catch up on it we're here to have fun we're here to make
light of hockey and all the behind the scenes stories so if we if we come off offensive
we're sorry and we apologize for that we're we're not bad people we're just here having a good time
and we hope you guys are having a good time too so dan carcillo we wish you nothing but the best moving forward we mean no ill will towards you but just please stop coming at us
like i don't want to have to fucking bring this to the next level which i will because i'm a bit
fucking psycho when it comes to people trying to like portray me in negative light because i'm not
a bad person i'm not mean-spirited so that's all i have to say about that you're a great guy biz great guy when i when i sleep when you're sleeping uh i actually would say i would actually
give like my son full reign to just go attack someone even if they he sees someone else getting
bullied like if you're getting bullied you got to attack back right you got to teach your kid you
got to do what does a bully hate punch in the face. Right.
But even if he were to see somebody else getting bullied and he went and stopped it,
I would never get,
I would never get,
even if he gets a week suspension from school for,
he has free reign to attack a bullier at any point in his life.
So that's all I got to say about that.
Like,
let's get back to the fun talk and,
uh,
and you know,
I just,
I don't want anyone fucking mad or just want to have a good time. All right. Let's, um, let's have some fun talk and nothing and you know i just i don't want anyone fucking mad or just want to
have a good time all right let's um let's have some fun talk and nothing more fun than gambling
right what doug we like to we like to wager on the nhl on occasion and uh let's bring back the
ira's gambling corner for a little bit it had a little little hiatus uh due to me taking a little
time off i was getting spanked i needed a break but before we get to my gambling corner i just
want to talk to you guys about quip for a second. All right. Holidays are coming.
You're going to have to buy some gifts. And one of the hottest gifts this year, again, like last
year, is Quip electric toothbrush. This thing is outstanding. I've been using it since I think the
podcast started. It's got the pulses on each side. It tells you when to turn your toothbrush. Most
people don't shave the full two minutes. I'm sorry, to brush for the full two minutes.
They don't know when to turn over.
The Quip is awesome, man.
It tells you when to turn over.
It tells you when you need new bristles.
I love this stuff.
It's the gift that keeps on giving.
They automatically give you new brush heads on a dentist-recommended schedule
every three months for just 5.
You can get prepaid refills if you want to give that as a gift to somebody.
Quip is also one of the first electric toothbrushes accepted by the ADA and has thousands of verified
five-star reviews. I'm telling you, man, no more like cheap freebies from the local dentist.
That's what I always use for years. You end up spitting out bristles. Uh-uh, not anymore. Not
with the Quip. The Quip is great for you and it's great to give as a gift, all right?
You want to check it out, and you can find out why everybody loves it.
Quip looks like a big-ticket tech gift with a stock and stuff of price,
starting at just 25.
If you go to getquip.com slash chicklets right now,
you get your first refill pack for free with a Quip electric toothbrush.
But you don't have to tell your giftee that, okay?
free with a Quip electric toothbrush.
But you don't have to tell your giftee that, okay?
That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets.
But I've been coming around a little bit, so I got some picks for Tuesday night,
a few games I circled.
I'll be happy to share them with you. But as always, at your own discretion.
If you lose, I don't want to hear about it.
But taking a look at the slate. Carolina
Monday night, I'm sorry,
Tuesday night, they're at Montreal.
I like Carolina on the money line. I like the way
they've been playing lately. Their celebration, talk
about Sully season. They've been taking it to a new level
with what they've been doing.
If Niemi starts, I would
in addition to the money line, take Carolina on
the puck line too if Niemi starts and plays
a price. So Carolina money line.
Next play I like that night.
The Golden Knights of Vegas, they're at Chicago.
Blackhawks just haven't impressed me or anybody, I don't think, this year.
They're just not good.
Marc-Andre Fleury, if he's starting, that's the caveat here.
If Saban's starting, I'm not going to play it.
If Marc-Andre Fleury is starting,
take Vegas on the money line.
They're on the road.
So you probably got a nice puck line price as well.
Although that's, you know,
hits own caution with that one.
Did you see,
what's his name the other night?
Radulov stopped the empty net of wits from happening.
Yeah, I did.
That was a 4,200 swing for me right there.
Do you win or lose?
No,
I lost, I lost 50.
But if Radulov doesn't block that shot or if McKinnon hits his empty net,
I would have won another 4,200 that night because I had all Pauly's and shit tied up in it.
Go ahead, buddy.
Regarding your comment about Vegas,
I feel like they're starting to find their stride too.
They finally got Schmidt back, and he's been playing really well.
Big difference maker.
Patcher already had two last night.
Well, I was going to say, he's heating up.
He got two against the Yotes with the OT winner.
He was very quiet up until that point,
but he's kind of starting to step into that James Neal role,
or at least what he did for that team last year.
But, yeah, they looked very good.
They transitioned so well.
Like, their whole lineup plays with a certain pace, where it's just like go, go, go, go, go, and they roll lines over.
So I believe that they've caught their rhythm.
Another guy, that Alex Tuck, is fucking nasty.
I remember somebody arguing with me when he signed that deal.
They're like, awful contract, unproven.
I'm like, the guy, I think his average? 4.75 for the next
seven years? The guy's going to be
well, I mean, he was injured coming
into the year, but he's going to be
maybe just below a point
a game. The guy's the real deal.
I think
when you look in five years, he'll average
51 points.
A season?
So you're saying like...
No, I'm not saying he's overpaid,
but I'm saying I don't think he's going to be a 75, 70 point guy.
I don't believe.
Okay, so at 4.75 million...
Still a nice contract.
Very nice contract.
I agree with you.
I would say that if you're putting up.6 points a game on the season
and you're adding other intangibles, that's a solid deal.
And I'm going to look him up right now.
I think this year he may even be close to a point a game already.
I might have low-balled him.
Maybe I would change that to 61 average.
So far this season he's played 17 games.
He has seven goals and 10 assists.
And he was dynamic against the Eagles.
I forgot he was injured at the
beginning of the year.
He looks sick.
It's so hard to
be a point-per-game guy in the league,
but either way, his contract's
nice. If he's getting 60 points
a year, he's earning it.
To me, he's got a Wayne Simmons-type contract
where he has not been paid for what he's brought to the Philadelphia Flyers.
He's making just under four.
A couple other picks I liked as well.
Philly is playing Ottawa also Tuesday night.
I like the over in that game.
I think those goaltenders just aren't going to be up to snuff.
I see a 5-4, 6-3 type game. I think those goaltenders just aren't going to be up to snuff. I see like a 5-4, 6-3
type game. If the over
under 7, lay off it. If it's 6.5
or lower, take the over. And one
final play, Buffalo was playing
San Jose, as Wits just mentioned a few minutes ago.
Oh, you're taking this. Dude, I've been cashing
in on the Sabres left and right lately, man.
Between money line and puck line.
It's tough to run into a streak, though,
dude. Are you going to mush them, or you've been taking them every game?
I haven't mushed them the last couple times I had them out,
and I don't know if I'm going to take them on the puck line.
I'm going to wait and see who the goaltenders are.
Martin Jones hasn't been great for San Jose.
Yeah, it was a tough preseason Vesna pick for me.
Yeah, they're kind of scuffling a little bit lately,
so I'm going to take Buffalo on the money line,
and depending on the goaltender situation,
I could follow that with half a unit play on the puck line as well so just to reiterate carolina money line vegas money line over philly ottawa and buffalo money line
did you see friday night when there were 15 games on the slate 10 home teams hit their puck line
that many really i knew yeah I couldn't believe it.
Merle's text me the next day.
He's like,
you see how many home teams took down the puck line last night.
God damn it.
Kids in South Korea,
just ripping himself for not getting enough puck line bets in on a Friday
night.
I'm speaking.
And before we wrap this up,
I am somebody who has dealt with a certain amount of embarrassments
in the field of sport, right, when I was playing,
some bad turnovers, some bad falls, things that were embarrassing.
There has never been a human being on the planet embarrassed more
in pro sports than Hugh Jackson today,
the assistant coach of the Cincinnati Bengals.
What do you mean?
Biz, I figured you hadn't seen this yet.
Everyone listening, for the most part, already has seen this, right?
It's already pretty much not gone viral,
but everyone knows the story if you're following the NFL.
So this dude was the head coach of the Cleveland Browns,
I don't know for how long, say three years.
They were terrible.
He didn't get fired after not winning a game one year.
They were trash.
And he started the year, the head coach this year,
he was on like hard knocks and everything.
He started, you know, Baker Mayfield's not going to be starting all that.
So they gassed him.
I don't know.
I want to say like three, four weeks ago.
All right.
Do you know for sure?
Does that sound right?
Yeah.
I want to say maybe three weeks ago.
Probably about three years too late, but either way.
Yeah, exactly.
So his old buddy, his old
buddy in Cincinnati, Marvin
Lewis, this guy, somehow
still a head coach in the NFL.
He hasn't won a playoff game in, I don't think,
30. I don't even know if he's ever won a
playoff game. Maybe I'm
wrong there. Either way, he's been a
pathetic coach in Cincinnati for a long
time. So this guy takes on
Hugh Jackson as an assistant.
So they play the Browns today, Biz?
The Browns are completely trucking them.
I think they were up 28-0.
At one point, dude, this was the embarrassing moment.
A guy from Cleveland picked off the Cincinnati quarterback,
interception, ran over and handed it to Hugh Jackson
on the sideline of Cincinnati.
And this idiot took the ball.
Like, if that's me, I would slap the ball out of the guy's hand.
Like, fuck you.
Dude, he just, like, took it and, like, gave him a pat on the head.
Oh, my God.
I just watched it.
And then after the game, did you see he went to, like,
give Baker Mayfield, like, a hug?
And he just was like, get away from me, buddy.
Like, he just got pigeon tossed after pigeon tossed. Oh, yeah he just was like, get away from me, buddy. He just got pigeon-tossed after pigeon-tossed.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
This is like a posterized version.
Yeah, worse.
I mean, this is a coach's worst nightmare.
You get fired, and then the team you fire from trucks you
and basically embarrasses you.
Why is he touching Baker Mayfield's head after the game?
He tried to hug him, and he's like, get off of me, dude.
It was just  when the guy handed him the ball off the pick,
I was like, have some self-respect, Hugh.
Jesus Christ, what are you playing, NBA?
God, yeah.
Probably a little glimpse into why he wasn't a successful coach.
Wait, what did you get more secondhand embarrassment for,
that or the the
taxi ride taxi ride because i have done the taxi ride and like no we knew wide man and like i know
duchesne that was that was ultimate that was i hate to bring that back up but uh boys overall
a great little upbeat another two interviews yeah i just want to give one quick note in case people
are wondering um we've Laine's five goals earlier
the record for goals in a game
if you were wondering is set by Darryl
Sittler he did it on February 7th
1976 for the Maple Leafs
against the Bruins he also had four
assists that game so he has the record for most
goals in a game with six and most points
in a game with ten put that in your
pipe and smoke it I had a goal
in the game Gagne. Put that in your pipe and smoke it, bitch. I had a goal in the game. Gagne had eight points.
No way.
Crazy.
Yeah, that is wild.
Actually, some loser wrote an article
after that happened
saying that he should have only had seven points
because the goal I scored,
like, he kind of got poke checked.
But you know how the NHL is.
Like, if you're controlling it, like...
If a guy never had possession...
Yeah, and either way, it was just such a weird argument to make after.
He actually only should have had seven.
It's not like he broke a record, but it was still the most incredible night
to be on a team with a guy who got eight.
And I saw Gags recently get called back up by the Vancouver Canucks.
So happy for him. He's the man.
And on that, we'll let you guys go.
Thank you so much.
And was this what
my ambient voice was like?
Yeah, baby.
Sing us happy birthday, Wits.
This is late night.
This is late night
spitting chicklets
we're going to talk about.
I got a disgusting voice,
so I'm going to sign off right now
like I'm Ryan Malone.
Come on down to Malone Chevrolet.
Thanks for listening.
Have a great week, everybody. Don't worry about a thing
Cause every little thing
Gonna be alright
Sayin' don't worry
About a thing
Cause every little thing Gonna be alright Thank you.
