Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. incredible home cooking accessible to anyone and everyone. As we all know, fresh, high-quality ingredients make a real difference.
So it's important to know where your food comes from, and Blue Apron helps you do just that.
So for less than 10 per person and per meal, Blue Apron delivers seasonal recipes along
with pre-portioned ingredients to make delicious home-cooked meals for you.
Choose a variety of new recipes each week or let Blue Apron's culinary
team surprise you. And for someone as indecisive as myself, that's something that can't be beat.
Blue Apron has a special delivery option so you can choose what fits your needs and what you like
to eat. Check out this week's menu and get your first three meals free with free shipping by going to blueapron.com slash chicklets.
And trust me when I say this, you're going to love how good it tastes and how good it feels to cook home incredibly cooked meals by yourself.
So that's blueapron.com slash chicklets.
Go get your free meals now.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook. Hello everybody and welcome to episode 13 of Spit and Chicklets brought to you by Boss School Sports.
This week we have a very special guest coming to us live from where are you right now?
Paul Bissonnette, a.k.a. Biz Nasty. Tell us where you are, Paul.
Well, we just got back from Bakersfield.
We did that outdoor game.
That ended up getting on Worldstar, which is kind of cool.
Wouldn't have predicted that.
No, we got rained out.
I wasn't playing in the game because I'm injured right now, but Rob Scuderi was,
and I know Whit knows him well, so you can ask him to describe it firsthand how playing in a pool of water was.
Oh, my God, and his sense of humor.
Actually, you know what?
The funniest thing I think of when I think of Rob Scuderi is I think I told you this once,
Biz, when we were in Montreal, we won and we got loaded after the game,
and then we were leaving this bar, and we get in the cab, and I'm like, take us to the Ritz Carlton.
And the cabbie's like, what?
And Scud's like, the Ritz Carlton.
Take us to the Ritz Carlton.
Jesus Christ.
And the guy turns around.
He's like, all right.
He goes, about 30 yards, stops, turns around, goes, the Ritz Carlton.
He was
45.
Oh, my God.
But no, I love Scuds.
I love Scuds.
But, Chris, I wanted to thank you.
I really do want to thank you for coming on.
I think that you're probably the most hyped up guest,
the one that was asked most by other people.
But I do want to tell everyone quickly
my introduction to you.
I didn't
know you hadn't met uh you were at pittsburgh camp i had heard about you because the year before
or two years prior you had almost made the team after being drafted in the fourth round uh so i
was like oh who's this defenseman you know like the guy can play everyone was talking about and
then he went back to the ohl so i meet you i don't know if you remember this i meet you the night before training camp we get introduced by somebody on the penguins and you're with
carcillo i can tell you two guys are buddies you guys are like hitting it you know obviously you
hang out you knew each other prior so i'm like oh those two are a couple of ohl guys so i'm like
oh you know he's a good guy i am skating in the group after you the next morning, the first day of camp.
I walk into the rink ready to get a stretch in, all ready for camp.
I see you squaring off at Center Ice with Carcillo, buckets off, just chucking them.
And I still have never even found out what that was about.
Yeah, no, I mean, Carcillo uh a pretty pestering game or did and uh yeah
that's that's one thing uh about me i guess when i'm on the ice there's no friends and uh
he still bugs me about how he got my jersey over my head and he always tells me to this day he beat
me up and it kind of fires me up and i and i still want to kind of kill him on the ice but i'll never
get that opportunity.
Oh, my God.
Actually, it's funny.
We saw that tonight in the Bruins game.
David Backus and Ryan Reeves had a bit of a scrap tonight.
Guys were teammates for a couple of years.
You know, it happens all the time in hockey, it seems like.
But, Biz, I read up on your career, i.e., I Googled you,
and I saw that you had this legendary fight with Dion Phaneuf. So the world wants to know, is Dion Phaneuf a pigeon or not?
No, you know what?
I guess the best way to sum up Dion Phaneuf, if you don't take him seriously,
which I don't think he expects to be taken, at least from my time with him at under-18s
and in world junior camp the one year.
And,
uh,
yeah,
he, he's,
he's a bit of a clown,
but it just seems that people who have very strong personalities and who take
themselves seriously,
don't get along with them.
But I had a very good friendship with him,
especially at those tournaments.
And I spent like,
I spent most of my time hanging out with him.
Um,
Jamie Tardif,
who was my best friend growing up,
who I was the best man at his wedding.
But, you know, I never played pro with him.
But every time I did see him when we were crossing paths, playing against each other,
you know, I would go say hi and talk to him.
So it's one of those situations where personally I get along with him.
I guess I could understand why some guys don't.
But from people that I get along with mostly, they take him the way I do
or we don't take him seriously, and he's jokes.
So, I mean, I know that's a very political approach to answer that question,
but that's exactly how I see it.
And that's what I've always heard about him, too's just like he he's like just doing it all for like jokes and stuff so if
you're really gonna take him serious then he's gonna torture you even more what being a turnstile
on defense oh dude that's a double dion that's a double d so biz so he's got this is this is his
humor i see he's similar to ed jovanovsky for me, whereas if you were generally serious and like,
Hey, Dion, do you have change for a 20?
He would be like, that is change, and walk away.
Yeah, and if you don't laugh at that, I think you're not, I don't understand you as a human.
It's like, oh, hey, Dion, what kind of sweater is that?
And he'd look at you and go, expensive, and walk away.
It's hilarious.
But, you know, it's not for everybody.
So did you win the fight?
Against who, Carcillo or Fanoff?
Oh, shit, both, I guess.
I would say Carcillo was a draw, but he'd tell you he won that little peckerhead.
I would say dion might
have gotten the edge and we actually fought in the top prospects game when uh it was team or
team sherry uh back when it was the the 03 draft was which probably will go down as the best draft
in history yeah dude not a big deal you were part of it by the way though people like people will
give dion shit right now.
And I think he's actually had a solid year for Ottawa.
But, you know, he makes a lot of money and he took a lot of heat.
But that, when he came into the NHL, that was my rookie year.
He was incredible.
I remember he was hammering guys, a rocket one time.
And I think people figured out his game a little bit.
But that first couple years, he was a machine.
Yeah, he was.
Dude, if someone fucking called my old lady that i married sloppy seconds i would have ragdolled
them on or off the ice yeah that was a little little uncalled for that was wicked that was
that was like the end of sean avery but but there's another guy i get along with is sean
avery who like a lot of guys don't so i i think I'm just kind of like neutral on it where I'm kind of non-threatening,
probably because I sucked at hockey too.
No, I think that you got along with everyone.
You got along with everyone because you just  you had like that self-deprecating
sense of humor, and that's kind of what made everyone like you.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Yeah, like I'll run and go get a Gatorade if you ask me to go get him a Gatorade.
I'm not too good to go get a guy a Gatorade.
Yeah, you're just a team guy.
But listen, so it's great because I think that I got sent to the AHL.
We got sent to the AHL pretty much at the same time in our careers almost.
Well, you were a little after me.
You were after me.
You had like a year or two after me.
You got sent down like one of the last cuts from Pittsburgh,
and then because you came back, I got sent to the coast.
No, bro.
I'm talking about since I retired at the end of my career.
We both went from the NHL back to the AHL to where you are now.
I thought you were talking about when you stole my job in Wilkes-Barre.
No, I did steal your job.
Stole your job, yo!
But listen, how great was it?
Because, you know, I remember texting you,
and you get sent to the AHL after playing a couple years in the NHL.
It's like, holy shit, just shoot me now.
So I think for me it was hard and then for you you
talking about how different it was but you went on to win it all that must have been sick
yeah yeah the year um why at a tough time i couldn't find a job i went to st louis's camp
on a pto which where i saw you was and dude we were both jesters that was that was probably the
funnest too that's probably why i
went into depression because i got to hang out with you for two weeks and then all of a sudden
i couldn't be around the rink and around guys like you and then i just hit rock bottom people
people ask me how camp went they're like you and biz were there huh like at st louis that's great
i'm like yeah it's funny like all the big dogs from the team like steen and you know bacchus Backus and Oshie at the time and Shadcook, they'd invite us to dinner every night.
They wanted us around.
We were just like clowns to make them laugh in the locker room.
I know.
I would have took her DM the rest of the year just to hang out.
I would say the funniest story you told me when I was there was how the year before you'd been sent down by Florida, I think it was.
And when you're in the NHL, when you get on your charter, they usually just put a steak, a filet, or maybe a nice chicken breast and chicken marcella and pasta beside you.
And you munch it down.
But Witt got sent down.
And I think you guys were
busting back eight hours back to san antonio yeah dude and it was an 11 a.m game it was an 11 a.m
kids game it was one of those middle school games that's straight out of fucking slap shot man
well listen and uh and and in the american league you have to write down your meal and put money in a cup for your post-game meal.
So ghetto.
And Witt was on the bus after the game, and he was like,
wait a minute, where did you guys get your food?
And then as soon as he said that, it dawned to him that he didn't put money
in the cup and write down his meal.
And he had to drive seven, eight hours on a bus, hungry as hell,
because he just finished playing a hockey game.
And I'll never forget, I'll never forget, and I was like, oh, I was hours on a bus, hungry as hell because he just finished playing a hockey game. And I'll never forget.
I'll never forget.
And I was like, oh, I was stuck on this boss.
It was just hitting me hard.
And I was just like, this is why they call it the always hungry league.
Holy shit, it's hitting me hard.
This guy was made 20 million in his career.
He was eating pizza crust out of boxes on the ground.
Dude, 30. Hey, 30.  the ground dude 30 hey 30 30 oh sorry sorry sorry hey no but you know what you know what i wanted to bring up is like
when you're in the nhl like it's such a fake life and we've talked about this before i think people
would be interested it's such a fake life that you can be on a charter and be delayed on the tarmac for like
90 minutes and have legit sushi uh steak chicken beers wine anything and you will still complain
the whole time like that's the nhl and i wish i could go back now and like appreciate a little
more because you be we became such bougie motherfuckers when we were in that league.
Oh, man.
Why do we have jackslink beef jerky?
Why isn't it the organic kind
from Sprouts?
You know?
Or what do you call it? Whole Foods.
You know?
It's a joke.
So, Biz, obviously, you know,
you spent the bulk of your NHl games in in the desert in
playing for well the phoenix slash arizona coyotes now what in your opinion are they built to last
there i mean it seems like they're always on the cusp of leaving the new owners command it's always
just seems to be some bullshit i mean are they there for the long are they there for the long
haul or not oh i mean when i I was there. Go ahead, sorry.
No, I said they're going to Tempe.
Well, yeah, that's what they're saying right now.
I don't know how much of that deal is agreed upon or has gone through.
But, I mean, in my time there, it was a little messy with the amount of things.
I mean, it was a roller coaster ride because, you know, one minute we were getting a new owner.
I believe it was a Chicago business guy. And he was like he was like coming around the team flying on the charter
he brought us for a an unbelievable meal out when we were in chicago on a road trip at one point
and then all of a sudden that deal had fell through so it was it was a roller coaster ride
um but saying that in the time i was there was I guess you could say it was in their glory days
when we'd made playoffs three years in a row.
We'd went to the conference finals as far as any team in the Coyotes history had gone.
I mean, while it was in Phoenix.
I'm not sure how far Winnipeg had gone.
Yeah, neither am I.
Not much farther.
Yeah, exactly.
Neither am I.
Not much fun.
Yeah, exactly.
But a lot of the pressure and the mentality of winning was coming from inside the locker room.
And it didn't really bug us.
As far as where it's going now, they have ownership now.
They have Baraway there.
Now the rink situation isn't great. So now they're talking about teaming up with the college,
with ASU and kind of getting that going, which I could see it helping a lot.
But, I mean, it's just crazy to think that a 200 million arena in Glendale that they built,
I want to say 15 years ago, maybe even a little less, is just going to be kind of left vacant.
And that's just not so to me.
It's like they never should have put it there in the first place.
And you wonder if, like, they're just better off moving them to Seattle
to keep them in the Western Conference to keep the balance.
But, I mean, you know, you know people there, you know,
workers that make money and everyone who has a living off,
and you hate to see a team leave because all those people lose that income and shit.
But, you know, when a team is having this many problems and there's just, you know,
I mean, how are they drawing?
Are they still drawing kind of half-assed lately?
I mean, I know you're not playing there, but.
Well, I was there over Christmas break and they had Edmonton there when I was at the
game.
Then they had Toronto.
So when they get the original sixes and they get, and they get the, like the Chicago, well,
I guess Chicago's original six, but But when they get other Canadian teams
Conor McDavid.
Yeah, when they have other draws and stuff like that, they do well.
You kind of touched on it too.
If I never played there from the outside looking in, I'd be like, yeah, move the team.
But I have such a connection there, and I've seen how successful it can be,
especially now that they have an actual owner instead of the nhl owning it
and and and and not you know not seeing people that i've i've grown to like and became friends
with lose jobs so do i think it could work yes is it going to take a lot of work yes and and
hopefully it does get done and and everyone's happy i think i i'll try one more i know whitney's
trying to get that one thing though what they did did to John Scott was fucking dirty pool, man.
And I don't have any sympathy for what they did to him.
Yeah.
Yeah, they just didn't handle that.
I mean, I wasn't there, but they just definitely didn't handle that properly.
And, you know, it made him look bad.
And I think at the time, the league was putting a lot of pressure on Don Maloney to tell him to not go.
Donnie's a pretty non-controversial guy and kind of doesn't want to step on any toes,
especially at the time when the league pretty much is still part owner and calling shots or whatever's going on.
And then Munchie had a little kiss-ass.
And then Montreal.
Montreal, a little kiss-ass.
Yeah, and then not backing up Scott.
And then that getting public just kind of looked bad.
Yeah, it's an ugly subject.
And then Montreal come along, kiss-ass, and fucking took the trade.
That was fucking disgusting.
And it was Colin Campbell who came out and made him feel bad in front of his daughter.
So fuck them.
This is like rear admiral. He's having like
flashbacks right now to now. Yeah.
Yeah. Just like
Campbell. There's a lot
of dirt on Campbell. I know
I don't really want to get into it. I don't
really know probably enough about it. But
I mean, when sometimes I go on Twitter, he gets a lot
of heat on there. And yeah, Twitter
Twitter is like everyone gets heat on Twitter.
Oh, yeah, but everyone does.
But he deserves it, though.
Biz, I think one thing, like, a lot of people are interested in
and haven't maybe heard the story is, like, when you got to Phoenix
and then you got on Twitter, that's when you really became, like, a household name.
Everyone knew who you were.
You were playing really good hockey.
You were physical.
You were fighting for Phoenix. And then you're also this personality on twitter that
people really hadn't seen before i remember loving it at the beginning but what was what was said on
business the the original to then have it deleted and 2.0 come yeah i i said i made some stupid uh
well i'd say just uh i I don't know, prejudice comments.
I was joking around about the Kovalchuk deal.
Just, they were funny, though.
Like, how are people mad at that shit?
That was funny stuff.
Keep in mind, this is going back, like, seven years ago.
And for people that have got offended back then, imagine now.
Oh, my God.
Now you'd be, like, arrested. Oh back then, imagine now. Oh, my God. Now you'd be arrested.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
They'd have protesters outside of my apartment in Ontario, California.
But you know what?
I'll say this about that whole situation is I was fortunate enough to enter the league when fighting was still relevant,
and it was towards the tail end of it because we're pretty much at it now.
And so for me to get scooped up there and be able to be put in an environment
where if I would have been doing that kind of stuff on Twitter in Toronto
with the Leafs, that would have got shut down in no time
and I probably would have got sent down for it.
Where is Don Maloney kind of  well, let's go back.
The summer I started it, I was doing it the summer, and then I said that,
and my agent called and was like, you've got to shut your Twitter down.
He goes, nothing good is going to come of this.
He goes, you might get suspended and fined by the league.
So I was like, geez, all right, I don't want that.
So I shut my Twitter down.
So the Coyotes started getting emails from fans losing it,
saying they were going to cancel our season tickets.
You guys are censoring him.
He's hilarious.
So I got a call from the PR guy.
He goes, hey, why did you delete your Twitter?
Why are we getting all these emails?
And I said, oh, my agent called me and he was losing it
because of the Kovalchuk comment.
And he told me that I was going to get suspended and fined by the league
if I kept going.
And they're like, okay, well, like, here's the deal.
They're like, tone it down.
Don't start one up.
But when, you know, kind of fire one back up when you get to camp.
So they emailed all these people back letting them know that it wasn't them
who made me shut it down, that, you know, they're talking to me wondering what happened blah blah so then
sure enough i i started back back up when i got to camp and and then it kind of blew up after that
and i mean the rest is kind of history did i get called in four or five times for them to pee pee
whack me and say this this is way out of control right now.
So then they kind of put the PR guy in charge of like, you know, if I wanted to tweet something that was borderline, I'd be like, hey, is this okay?
And he'd be like, no, you can't say that.
And I'd be like, okay, what if I say it like this?
He's like, just don't tweet that.
Okay.
All right.
Fair enough.
So Biz, what's next?
What's next after all this?
What are you going to do after this?
Because like Witt said, you've kind of become a household name here.
You know, you've got 900,000 Twitter followers.
That's nine times what Witt has.
So, you know, what are you going to do?
Hey, Dinelli, what the fuck, dude?
Sorry, man.
I had to throw something in there.
I haven't said anything all episode.
Not until spit and shitlet goes viral, man.
Then he's going to be blowing up.
But what are you thinking, man?
Go ahead, sir.
How many more years do you think you're going to play, I think he's saying,
and then what's up after that?
Have you thought about it?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know how much longer I'll be going, but I think the most part that I'm excited for is, you know,
that I'm not really tied down anything where I know LA is not huge
on the whole Twitter thing so I kind of
I don't do it as
much as I used to. I started
picking back up again like that and
I missed it. I missed it in a
sense where the interaction with
fans, joking around but
I don't like to
have to worry about if I say something
that upsets someone,
then all of a sudden Dean Lombardi's calling me and bitching at me.
Then I have the anxiety for a few days.
It's like, oh, I pissed someone off who gave me my second chance.
I know, I know.
I'm just kind of looking forward to being able to say whatever I want
and have a good time and get into the social media,
get into the media media get into the to the media side
of the game um you know i've i've talked to i've talked to phoenix a little bit because i still
keep in touch with some of them about potentially getting a job after i'm done playing with them
just because my girlfriend's there and it would it would make sense
yeah actually i'll be living on witt's couch and uh you know being a co-executive
producer for spit and chicklets we'll be sharing it but dude so so i know i know that like i think
that as you say fighting has come to it's coming to an end if not over um have you are you still
like fighting in the ahl are you how many times have you fought this year
i think i fought in like four or five times but the thing is is you're you're maxed at 10 so you
got to kind of pick your spots and then and then uh i forgot this was a rule they made it up in
the summer that if you fight off a draw and the play hasn't started you get kicked out of the
game like you don't go to the box you're just out of the game so if the puck drops like old school
and you just square off that's now out of the game yeah i did that like you know 10 games into the season
you know maybe five or ten games and then they're like yeah you guys are done and i'm like what i'm
like man i'm doing this i'm doing this every fight now see you later play one play one shift and then
get the night off go eat a hot dog and a pretzel in the crowd you were gonna say go
eat a nice meal but you remembered it was the ahl and you're like yeah lush puppy it almost sounds
like college rules man that's like closer to nc double n and nhl it seems like doesn't it yeah i
mean so so so what's even dumber is that now the guys will who are gonna fight off the face off
they pretend like they're gonna play hockey and they basically do like a double dickie.
They skate around a little bit, not even looking at the puck.
They're like taping their wrists on the ice and taking off their visors.
Can I have this minute?
Yeah, and then after about 10 seconds, they fight,
and the refs are like, okay, well, they made a conscious effort
to join the play, and it's just like, whatever.
Biz, that reminds me, when you just said taking off the visor, that reminds me of that Colby Armstrong story. They made a conscious effort to join the play. It's just like, whatever.
Biz, that reminds me, when you just said taking off the visor,
that reminds me of that Colby Armstrong story.
The greatest hockey story of all time.
I tell it like I was there.
R.A., I don't even know why I didn't bring this up when we had Army on the podcast.
Have I told you the story about his first pro fight?
Probably because we have collective AD fucking D on this show.
We go from 19 subjects in an hour and never gets always close to them you guys haven't heard this story i would grab like a beer or something this is the best story i've ever heard no i i think i
i never forget and i think telling someone in person is better but i'll do my best on this on
this podcast so army uh came when he was drafted i can't believe we didn't bring this up to him
but when he was drafted he was like six two like 182 pounds he was so like so thin and frail and
so he's playing his first year in the hl he's played 20 games he's coming from the whl where
he like played you know physical and played like a rat and would fight occasionally so he's like
all right i gotta get a fight I need my first pro fight.
I got to do it.
So he's been talking about it five, six games.
So finally the team, Wilkes-Barre, they're in Edmonton.
I mean, sorry, they're in Hamilton playing the Hamilton Bulldogs.
And in the first period, Army goes to the net hard and collides with this guy,
Gavin Morgan, who we'll go into him later.
We'll go into him later in the story.
But they end up pushing
they end up pushing they end up pushing each other after the whistle and like fuck you you
want to go yeah i'll go you next shift refs are coming in and army gets back to the bench and he
says to a couple buddies i'm going that guy next shift they're like fucking right fucking right
so the benches at this at this rink are most rinks they're right next to each other and it's an ahl
one so there isn't the TV guys in the middle.
You can see right into the other bench.
And Army's like, I'm going, I'm next shift.
Holy fuck, I'm so jacked up.
They're like, fucking right, Army.
So Army looks down the bench to their side of the bench to look at him, maybe size him up a little bit.
All he sees is Gavin Morgan staring at him through the glass, hands his helmet off that has a visor on it to the trainer.
The trainer immediately starts taking the screwdrivers to the visor,
taking the visor off.
And then Gavin Morgan proceeds to grab some thick white tape,
not even medical tape, just thick hockey tape,
and starts taping his wrist as he's nodding at Army.
Like, yeah, fucking right.
Wait till this goes down.
The only story that you need to
tell in person why it's so good is because the gesture of him tasting taping his wrist
looking at him and nodding his head and licking his chops i was at this point i'm in tears in
person yeah just imagine a guy just looking at someone like oh fucking rights i'm gonna kill you
and you're thinking like your lunch and I don't care how tough somebody is.
If somebody's looking at you like that, you in your mind are like, this person's psychotic.
Like, I'm a little intimidated.
The fight's already been lost.
Exactly.
So needless to say, Army goes out, and, you know, at this point he can't back down.
And he squares off with Morgan, drops the gloves.
At this point, Morgan doesn't have a visor on.
Army takes one punch to the side of the head. He goes down about six inches, takes another one drops the gloves. At this point, Morgan doesn't have a visor on. Armie takes one punch to the side
of the head. He goes down about six inches,
takes another one to the nose,
goes down six more inches, and then takes one
to the chin and is on the ground.
Like, three-punch knockout.
Bam, bam, bam. First pro fight.
How you doing?
So Armie gets like...
He skates off on his own power. He said he
was like bleeding, bloody nose like you can already
see the black guy for him and and he walks into the locker room and he gets a big bag of ice and
he's laying there okay so about five minutes go by the period ends and the team comes in the locker
room and you know guys biz you know what i'm talking about guys after yeah everyone's like
yeah way to go army fucking nice you know yeah fucking nice army did did. And a couple guys will be funny like, doesn't matter.
Just had to show up.
Just bullshit like that.
The first thing Army hears is from, I don't know.
I don't know.
People definitely remember his name.
Alexander Daigle.
Is my name his last name, right?
First overall pick.
What a bust.
First overall pick.
First overall pick.
But apparently a hilarious guy
and he's got this French accent
and all he says to Army, no good job or anything,
goes, holy fuck, Army.
Check the game notes, bud.
Because this guy had like
250 penalty minutes the year
before and he was just a killer.
Army had no idea just because the guy
was like smaller and like not as tall.
He's like, all right, this guy can't be tough.
I think he had like 223 pims a year before and was just fighting 20 times a year.
And it was just the most, like Army telling that story.
I cannot believe I didn't bring that up.
Oh, my God.
Biz, did that ever happen to you?
It's good stuff.
Biz, did that ever happen to you where you square someone up and you just didn't know that they were tough as shit
and they just beat the shit out of you?
No, I usually knew when I was going to get it.
You did your pregame practice?
When I first started fighting in the American League,
I wasn't really a known fighter.
I'd fight middleweights because I would just do it because I was a big D.
Sometimes you just get into altercations, and I wasn't scared of it.
But I was a defense D and you know sometimes you know you just get in altercations and I wasn't scared of it but I was a defenseman in the east coast and I got called up to Wilkes-Barre and they put me on fourth line left wing and were basically like hey we're converting you to a
forward now and and there was never a time where like I was like man do I want to do this I was
just like man I'm they put me here because they want me to fight.
And for the rest of that year and the year after,
I had over 30 fights in the American League back-to-back years.
And I was fighting guys like Sutton, Jablonski, Muraski.
That's ridiculous that you were doing that.
Ridiculous.
You were fighting full-blown juicehead monsters.
Joel Reckless was an up-and-comer. Kevin Reckless was an up-and-comer.
Kevin Westgarth was an up-and-comer.
We're talking the end of that era, like the McGrattons, those kind of guys.
Looking back on it, there were times when I would get bambied and and go black and probably get knocked out but
and you know this is this is probably why a lot of the talks have been coming up more recently
in the past few years is because back then it was just like you know what i got my bell wrong i put
my helmet back on and i went back out there and i know you know and and i'm sure i mean i'm sure if
you you meet me and talk to me enough you'll'll be like, yeah, that guy's definitely got a little bit of brain damage.
But I was fortunate enough to, I mean, I'm towards the end now, is to escape without any serious, serious injuries.
I mean, I've had my nose broken probably five or six times.
You can't tell.
It's not as bad as Army's.
It's not as bad as my ears.
Sorry, go ahead.
No, no, no.
I was done.
I was done.
As far as fighting now, I'm a guy who grew up watching in the 70s and 80s back when fighting was king in the NHL.
And it's kind of like now it's like in case of an emergency, break glass type thing and and even then even like even then when it's what used to
be an emergency like a guy on your team getting boarded it doesn't even like call for a fight
anymore it just seems to be going away now it sucks on one level but as a guy who's you know
had a lot of fights and knows a lot of guys who probably had too many fights you know how do you
feel about a game with basically no fighting with only having it here and there as opposed to
a league where guys are just pummeling each other uh left and right would you rather like a happy medium
or just realize you know the long-term prognosis for guys who fight a lot it's not a good you know
good health outlook after hockey yeah i mean i would say a happy median and maybe even a little
less is is i'm happy with the only thing i I care about is knowing being a player where I get that a lot of,
like some guys don't want to do it.
But if, you know, say if you're Connor McDavid or other guys like that,
it comes to a point where, you know, those guys are getting hit a lot
and guys are taking runs at them and cheap shots.
And I just care that guys will be able to stick up for themselves,
like not even necessarily
like you know going after a guy who just ran your teammate but uh you know guys like that being able
to protect themselves like a guy like Wayne Simmons like you know he's playing heavy minutes and I'm
sure he's getting guys running at him and you know sometimes he wants to take matters into his own
hands which I think should be you know totally fine I'm being a guy who did it and made a living
off of it it sounds maybe a
little hypocritical to say like i i'm happy to see the stage stuff gone um like i talked about
those were stupid dude those were stupid yes right and and i'm fortunate where those were still
around when i was coming up because that's one of the main probably the main reason why i got to
play five and a half years in the NHL,
which I'm extremely grateful for.
And I'm not naive to knowing that's why I spent it there.
But I think it's good for the game.
I don't think you need to see one every game.
I think when it happens organically, it's going to be even more exciting to see it that way
as opposed to just two dummies like me standing next to each
other and saying hey do you want to fight it's like okay well i got his brains out and i think
oh sorry i keep i've cut wits off more than fucking and his kid in class next to him all day
but no i got one more so basically like i think you know what you just said now if guys want or
they can't because it used to be a generation ago every every guy had a fight at least once to prove his mettle.
Now, you don't have to fight if you don't want to.
If you want to fight, it's an option.
It's just that most guys prefer not to fight anymore.
Like you just said, I think most guys, if you look like a Mitch Marner and Austin Matthews,
if you were to drop it, you'd probably have half the people in Toronto writing articles criticizing him.
I mean, you did with McDavid when he got in fight in junior
because that kid was all over him, you know, falling around, you know,
cheap-shotting him, and then he ended up fighting him when he was in Erie.
And when he was in the midst of the fight, he punched a glass
and he broke his hand, and he was out like a month, a month and a half.
This might have even been right
before world world juniors but but he ended up being healthy enough he was healthy enough to
come back and and the non-fighting critics were going absolutely bananas but that's a case where
it's like hey man this guy was all over him this guy was putting his this guy was putting his health
at risk by you know trying to run him and take cheap shots at him i'd rather hurt himself trying
to defend himself and protect that
than a guy blowing at his knee because he didn't do anything about it
halfway through the game when he was getting stuck from behind.
Yeah, and also, if I'm a GM and I'm looking at a player,
it'll always be a physical game.
It'll never change.
And when I said that those stage fights were stupid,
that sounds like it's disrespectful, but i respect those guys who did it you you've done it
and continue and i respect them like so much i meant stupid as in just like health-wise it meant
nothing for the game yes in terms of 100 with hits and with hits within hockey in this type of game
like how competitive guys are there will always be those types of fights and if i'm'm a GM and I'm looking at a guy and he ends up like doing that,
even if he's an unreal player like McDavid and sticks out for himself,
you love that.
Like that's the best thing about hockey is like, all right,
that's what this game's all about.
Nice guy is not going to take it.
Like Sid's done it.
You see Sid do it.
Yes.
Yeah.
You know what?
I think you put it the best way is that like I'm not
like I don't want to see those guys do it and i and i'm happy that
kids don't have to do anymore because i know the the amount of anxiety and the lack of sleep
and you know some of the the mental health problems that i went through doing it especially
when i was doing it 30 times a year when i was in the ahl i'm fortunate where i didn't know i
didn't know the the consequences and the things that was
just normal back then but now that it's it's common knowledge and in the future problems it
could lead to i wouldn't want someone my age now going through what i went through mentally and
man you're away from your family and like the night before the game you're you know you're
gonna face off against yablonski and you might have to fight him two times and you know he's putting
needles in his ass and he's jacked up
on steroids. They just
came out with the modern fitting jerseys
the one year and it was like
the jersey was a choke chain
on him and his head
was as red as a cherry tomato
because he couldn't even get oxygen to his brain
because it was so tight around his thick steroid
neck and it was like, I was looking at this guy in warm up like, man, this guy is going to beat the fucking wheels off me tonight.
Yeah, and that guy was outweighing you by probably 35, 40 pounds, I'd say.
Yeah, I mean, I guess it's rude to say that he was on steroids because I don't really know if he was.
I just assume by the look in his eyes.
I'm pretty sure that's one that we, that's like saying I think that B know if he was. I just assume by the look in his eyes. I'm pretty sure that's one.
That's like saying I think that Bonds was on him.
You know, Barry.
Barry Bonds.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Who was the toughest guy you fought?
Who was your toughest fight in the NHL?
Ah, man.
The toughest guy you fought.
I fought Jody Shelley.
He was a big gamer.
I mean, Jay Rosso was tough. He was a big gamer.
I mean, Jay Rosso was tough.
Peros was really strong.
I used to always have good fights against Chris Bartsch from Dallas.
Yeah, he was a tough bastard.
Yeah, he wasn't overly big, but we would have some good ones.
He loved talking to him, too.
Yeah, he did. Dude looking it's funny like because
i started going through your hockey db i mean i think i knew everywhere you played but just to
like see a reminder can can i get or can we all get like the experience in the english league when
you went over there because your stats you you were like fucking Malkin over there. Yeah.
I guess, okay, so I'll take you.
I'll take you to the first story about the English League.
First of all, when I signed with Wales, it was the Cardiff Devils.
They call it the English League, so I just assumed I was going to England.
So when I landed and there was a guy with the cue card thing that said,
Paul Bissonnette, I'm here to pick you up. was like okay awesome like how far is this place and he's like i'm like is it like maybe an hour away and he's like no it's three hours away we're
going to wales and i was like wales i'm like what the fuck is wales had no idea that it was in base
a different country so we're driving there and i'm like i'm like what's our schedule like like
when's our next game?
They're like, oh, you guys are busing to Scotland, the mall.
So I was like, okay.
I assume that it's pretty small, like the whole, what would you call it?
The whole skirt-wearing scene.
Yeah, Great Britain.
This is where the brain damage comes in is where I'm talking about different countries.
the brain damage comes in is where I'm talking about different countries.
But so we go there and I meet a guy named Devin Didier Middy,
who I,
you know, been sending messages back and forth who I knew from North America.
And he was buddies with two locals,
buddy,
and they were out drinking and he was suspended.
So he wasn't going even going on that trip.
So I read them out for a beer when I first got there.
This is probably about eight o'clock at night.
And then one beer led into another,
he ended up going home early and I was living with him. And I'm like, you know what,
man, I'm pretty banged up, but I'm going to stay out with these guys. Cause they were a riot. And
I'm like, I'm here to have fun. It's the lockout. I'm not making tons of money, but whatever.
Yeah. I go back to this apartment. I get locked out and I got, I got back at like three 34 in
the morning. So I'm calling the lady, the PR lady from the team, who's the only number I got directly from the team, to come and get me.
So finally she shows up, picks me up, drives me to her place.
I get to sleep for like an hour on her couch, wakes me up,
drives me to the rink because we've got to go to Scotland to play.
And it's an 11-hour bus ride, day of the game.
So I get on the bus.
I'm so tired.
And then find out that we had to pack our own lunches.
So luckily, they were stopping halfway to Scotland because we're not stopping for a meal.
I got to grab a few Lunchables out of the corner store on the way.
We bus the rest of the day.
We get there at like 6 o'clock for a 7 o'clock game.
I'm so stiff.
I'm hungover.
Like I'm like ready to throw up in the toilet.
And sure enough, I ended up scoring on my first shift,
and we ended up going to overtime that night, 7-6 overtime game
against Brayhead Clan.
Going to Napple that night.
We ate Subway across the street after the game bus two and a
half hour to another place in scotland played the next afternoon and bused home 12 hours
dude that's like worse than the coast it was it was uh no no water on the bus like it was
at our home rink we played in the tent tent. Our home rink was a tent.
They called it the BBT, the Big Blue Tent.
They didn't have any.
Our locker room was a shoebox.
I could tie the guy across from me skates.
That's how much room we had in the locker room.
Oh, it was one of those skinny ones?
I hate those ones.
Long and skinny, long and skinny.
Everyone had to put their legs in between the next guy.
What did you do with like shits and giggles?
Yeah, you know what?
It was an unbelievable experience.
The people there were unbelievable.
The fan support was great.
I mean, just the drinking culture, how laid back it is there is comical.
Every night I would go out, I would see people passed out in the bar they wouldn't kick them out they let them just sleep there oh my local used to do that for
me that's that's true too i guess if you live in boston it's probably a regular occurrence too but
the the the women weren't necessarily too great as far as you know in a shallow uh a shallow
no disgusting yeah but you know you just still got it done you know, in a shallow, a shallow. No, disgusting.
Yeah.
But, you know, you just still got it done.
You know, we're hockey boys.
Yeah.
You know, you just got to do what you got to do.
Oh, I mean, at least the places I was hanging out.
It's just for that game.
Did you just like a true Scotsman?
That's not a bad accent.
Oh, the player of the game on the ice was given a case of beer.
Wow.
Are you drinking the locker room after every game?
Yeah, you think?
Yeah, I think.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal.
So after, yeah, and you know what, man?
I got to put up some points there, and hockey was fun again.
I didn't end up fighting one time.
Did you pound a guy?
I forget.
I think one of the first games I was there,
there was a kid from another team who, like, I was playing D and forward there.
You know, I was playing, like, 30 minutes a night.
That's what was fun about it, too. So I got to get in the flow of the game and stuff. And we were lined up, and I was playing like 30 minutes a night. That's what was fun about it too. So I got to get in the
flow of the game and stuff.
We were lined up and I was on the point.
I was basically right beside their bench and one of their
guys, no name, or probably
he might have even been a non-import.
An English hockey player. So this guy sucked.
And he's like, hey,
hey Biss, hey Bissinet,
nice stick.
I kind of like that shirt. First of all, it's hilarious how bad it was. So in my head I'm like, this and that. Nice stick. I kind of like that shirt, dude.
I kind of like that shirt.
So first of all, it's hilarious how bad it was.
So in my head, I'm like, this guy's fucking hilarious because that's brutal.
And then I looked at it and I go, pro stock.
Heard of it?
Because they don't get pro stocks over there.
And then he just put his head down.
The other guys on the bench kind of looked at him like, man, we're going to cut you for that.
But I ended up running out of sticks, and this is how I found out they didn't have pro stocks.
It's because I was like, oh, yeah, I'm an 85 flex in pro stocks.
So they'd get me an 85 flex.
This thing's a wet noodle.
It's like they got it at a gas station.
I couldn't believe how whippy it was.
I'm like, guys, I can't play with this.
You have to get me like 120s now if this is what I'm dealing with.
Oh, my God.
But that's, yeah, it was.
But it's fun to play again.
It's fun to play again like that.
It was awesome, man.
Oh, here's another one.
A guy on our team who was a non-import.
His name's Luke Piggott.
Anyone listening to the podcast,
look him up.
He created a cure for breast cancer
which slows down breast cancer cell growth.
What?
And man, this guy was on our team
and I'm like,
so like the one game,
I think it was after the game from Scotland.
I got a bunch of beers for the boys after, and I was in the back of the bus,
and I went and took a piss, and I was coming back,
and I noticed that he had a textbook about three inches wide.
And I was like, dude, I'm like, what the fuck are you doing?
And he's like, oh, I'm just catching up on some studying.
And I'm like, studying for what?
Like, you're in school right now?
And I thought only the imports went to school.
I didn't know the local guys were going to school. and he's like yeah yeah i'm you know taking some classes
and then i went back to the bus and i was like man i one guy's got a textbook three inches
wide and they're like they're like oh yeah that guy like helped like cure a form of like breast
cancer and i'm like what the fuck i'm like what is this guy doing playing for 250 pounds a
week when he's got cures for cancer dude i'm looking him up he's playing right now dude he's
still playing for the card of devils man yes this year he's got one goal in 31 games and he's
probably got 19 cancer stories i felt bad he's like the nicest human being in the world and i
felt bad because one game in in the two periods, he took four stick penalties.
And there I was killing penalties too, right?
And like I don't want to fucking block shots.
So I got in the room between the second and third, and I put my stick at Adam, and I said, if you take one more fucking stick penalty, I'm going to fucking kill you.
And he was like shitting his pants in his stall, man, because I was dead serious
because he took the four stick penalties.
Yeah, you're like, dude, now that I'm killing him,
this sucks. I don't even want to do this.
Yeah, so yeah.
He probably hates my guts.
Not the usual locker room talk about boobies
though, huh?
No, not when you're killing penalties.
So were they
Scottish girls or welsh girls like
what like that what would you said like the girls and were they were they all different i know it
gets confusing great britain man the united kingdom there's so many like countries and
territories yeah yeah there was a different mix i guess it was just probably the bars i was hanging
out because they just get so sloppy there and like they just don't they just don't care like
the like girls will crush like a 12, and they won't even phase them.
Oh, they get waffled.
Yeah, but when you're home and you've got that map, like Rocky Dennis and fucking Mask,
instead of putting pins in countries where you want to visit and ride a motorcycle,
you put pins where girls are pulled around from.
Similar concept.
If she's Welsh, you need to know Welsh.
If she's Scottish, you've got to know Scottish.
I mean, you've got to respect history here, you know?
I mean, I history here. Man,
that wasn't English.
I didn't even understand.
Someone translate what he just said.
Basically,
if you have international
relations, you should know what country the person's
from. That's all.
There's a lot of unique distinctions within the United Kingdom.
That's all.
I'll slow it down.
Oh, yeah.
No, it's like a melting pot.
No, it was great.
You know what?
I met a girl from the figure skating team there.
She was from some, like, Russian country.
She was fun.
It was a good time.
Yeah, Scott is really fun.
I don't want to go into detail because I'm still playing.
No, no, we don't kiss and tell here on Spitting Chicklets.
Okay, good, good.
We acknowledge the...
No, we make Grinnelly do it.
We make Grinnelly tell it.
That's my job.
Grinnelly's the young buck who likes to give a little...
Sorry, but anyway, Paul, we're glad to have you all episode,
which means you're going to be here for our popular segments that we have.
And the first one we do is all right hamilton which is um basically from the fast times movie well
when brett went when thuggy hamilton was in boston i got t-shirts made up all right hamilton
it's piccoli's face and then he got traded so i ended up with a shitload of t-shirts they
became my giveaway and that's a fucking gimmick so we're gonna yeah he's having a good year in
calgary i was a yeah screw him for him yeah we got about 75 draft picks but we're still waiting And that's our fucking gimmick. Yeah, he's having a good year in Calgary.
Yeah, screw him.
It's good for him.
We got about 75 draft picks, but we're still waiting on them.
Touchy subject.
I know, if you guys are talking about the bees, it's just opening up a whole can of worms.
You know what? It's easy with him.
He didn't want to be here.
Fucking sayonara.
I don't want you here.
I agree.
I agree.
All right, so Liam Murphy asks,
after last night's Unreal World Classic Junior,
he must have tweeted this a few nights ago,
what are the top five games you've ever seen?
And he lists, you don't have to name five.
We can name three, but his five are USA.
So we can name one.
Yeah, USA, Canada, World Junior Classic 2017, name five we can name three but his five are you so we can name one us yeah usa canada world junior
classic 2017 bu miami 09 national championship uh bruins versus toronto game 7 2013 usa canada
olympics 2010 shadows ryan uh dallas and buffalo game 6 of 1999 san diego final all right howlton
i would probably say the the leafs Boston because I remember I had to go
pick something up, and I think it was 4-1 at the time,
and I sent a tweet out basically saying, you know,
for a guy who takes a lot of heat, Deanna Feneff has really done, you know,
a lot of good things this year in Toronto.
And I sent a tweet out, and i went to grab something from like
cvs and then i looked on twitter and all of a sudden it was 4-4 and i was like what the fuck
just happened and then and then and then sure enough they ended up losing an ot and i was like
man that's like that's like classic leafs so i would have to say that's probably the greatest
game especially considering i wasn't even watching it when it all went down.
I was at that game, and I remember after the
third period, before the intermission, they weren't
even serving beers anymore.
Before the overtime, I'm sorry.
It was the best
atmosphere I've ever seen in a rink
for in-between periods. People were legit dancing
around the whole time I was there.
Oh, I was there.
It was like Undertaker
rising from the dead. Everyone's like, we're playing with the house's money right
now we're not even supposed to be in this one exactly and people were like well there's no
chance we're losing at this point we got it and they were right oh yeah oh yeah and it's the leafs
so yeah what's your what's yours ra um it's not that one because then anybody can immediately
point to fucking the fact that blackhawks did the same thing to the
Bruins a month later.
I was like, yeah, that game was awesome, but
it's tainted by the fact the Bruins
blew game six a month later.
That was the year they lost in the finals?
Yeah, 13.
Oh, wow. Yeah, when
Boland got the winner.
Yeah, thanks.
The Brett Hull goal was on there, Dallas-Detroit.
I mean, that was a goal that early in the playoffs didn't count
when the fucking Tim Taylor had his toilet in the crease,
which may have been a different year.
Has someone fucking done the toilet or jerked it?
Dude, I'm in this ballroom at the Breakers in Florida,
and some guy just walked through pushing a bunch of chairs.
Okay, all right.
See, that's a bit in chicklets for you.
I thought you were doing a Bill O'Reilly,
Rubble 1-0 or something.
So, all right, so those two on it.
What were the other three, Mikey, real quick?
The fucking USA Can.
I think he's saying pick your best.
You know what, just name whatever ones you want.
1996 World Cup, game fucking three, US Can.
Oh, yes.
That's it, all done.
Story, go to the next question.
All right, can I answer? Yeah, I was waiting on you, Whit. That's it. All done. Story. What a game. Next question. All right. Can I answer?
Yeah, I was waiting on you, Whit.
Okay.
I don't know if many people remember this game.
Bruins-Lightning, Game 7.
Oh, yeah.
Easton Conference Final, 1-0 win.
I was there for that as well.
That was that game.
And that's why people who complain about making the nets bigger,
making the goalies' equipment smaller, and blah, blah, blah.
I like hockey how it is right now.
I don't see a need for a lot more scoring.
I know I'm in the minority in that.
I know, Biz, I know.
But listen, that game was 1-0.
It was probably the best game I've ever seen.
Isn't that when Stamkos took a shot to the jaw and came back and played?
Yeah, or was it the nose?
The nose.
The nose.
It was the nose.
He came back with it.
He's had some bad luck in Boston.
That's where he broke his nose.
Oh, yeah.
It was actually, you know what?
I actually fucking zap-rooted that for a picture.
It actually hit his face shield, the shield, and the shield hit his nose.
Because if the puck hit his nose, it would have broke his fucking face.
It actually hit his shield so hard that it bent his shield and then fucking the shield hit his nose
and broke his nose.
Quick talk
about the whole
goalie equipment making the nets bigger.
If anything, I think
before changing the
equipment or the nets getting bigger,
I think they should allow
headbutting the puck to be a goal
and maybe even kicking it in.
Same here.
Because that's a skilled play.
I agree.
I've said, and people say it's dangerous to have people kicking around on the crease.
Dude, you're not going to do it if you have a chance to bury it with your stick.
But if they have the ability to, like, redirect, if you kick one out of midair, that would be an unreal goal.
Yeah, okay.
A bicycle kick, you slit a guy's throat.
Yeah, okay. goal yeah okay that bicycle kick you slit a guy's throat yeah okay maybe uh maybe you'll change the rule back now yeah till another clint malachuk happens all right so the next one um
steve delu asks uh how many games would scott stevens be suspended for for any of his major
hits back in the day 30 40 all right howlton dude he wouldn't
software right now right now he would he would he'd get suspended so many times that he'd have
to change his game he'd be he'd be rafi torres yeah he'd be like yeah legit he'd be out of the
league if he kept doing it i mean he was he was making a living just drilling guys right in the
face with a hard Dunbar shoulder pad.
Remember those things, those football pads?
Oh, yeah.
Somebody brought up a good point about the whole equipment thing.
Back in the day, the guys used to barely use anything.
They wouldn't take runs at each other from as far away for the most part
because anytime they were giving something
they were feeling it too but now that guys have these football shoulder pads on i get that it's
to protect them but they're it's basically like you know carrying a weapon you know you elbow
someone with the way the elbow pads are now like you know they're i mean there used to be at one
point like it used to be like a big plastic cap i mean i was just ruining guys and knock out yeah it's it's it's tough because
you're dealing with i i would say not so much anymore but i guess around my age you were dealing
with you know people who were coming up being taught that that was good that was that was a
good clean hockey hit and then all of a sudden you know some some writers and newspapers didn't
like it and then all of a sudden it became such a big issue,
and then all of a sudden you were being scrutinized for something
that you'd been taught your whole life was a good thing.
Yeah, exactly.
All right, my answer, Mikey, I'd say, you know,
the thing that complicates it with Stevens is his big hits are always in the playoffs.
So, I mean, the one on fucking Korea comes to mind.
What was that?
I think game six.
I mean, what are you going to suspend the guy for game seven of the Stanley Cup after a hit like that?
I don't know.
It's just too  it's like, I don't know.
It's like saying the 86 Celtics versus the Jordan Bulls, man.
It's just, you know, they're two different generation things, man.
Like, Stevens couldn't have played in today's way because it just fucking  it wouldn't have matched up.
He just played in that era where you could bury guys like that.
So, all right.
Next question.
I could see both sides of it in a sense where you're getting the old school people who are like,
man, I miss the old game because, yeah, it was a lot more fierce and competitive
and you were getting a lot more emotion game to game in the regular season compared to now even.
So the last question here for All Right Hamilton,
before we move on to Ask a Millennial,
Jack Pfeiffer asks,
is it a simply down year or the start of a long drought for the Red Wings?
All right, Hamilton.
Man, they have a huge draft coming up this summer
because you see like a Henrik Zetterberg,
who's at least a top 10 Red Wing in history
chance to have his number retired I think it probably will be he's he's his career is kind
of winding down probably two three more years him playing and they have Dylan Larkin but they need
some talent that's up and coming you see these teams now with young guys that make a difference
right away and they don't have a lot right now but I think that they've proven before and Kenny
Holland and his staff can can build can build a winner from from kind of the draft and trade so away and they don't have a lot right now but i think that they've proven before and kenny holland
and his staff can can build can build a winner from from kind of the draft and trade so we'll
see but right now i mean it looks like it could be this way for at least a couple years how about
you boys yes go ahead um yeah it's it's one of those things where they had such a good core group
for a long time and it'd be interesting seeing going forward where there are some teams coming up
that are going to have to deal with that dilemma.
Like for instance,
for me,
it's like a team like San Jose,
where is you're dealing with their kind of core group,
but they've done such a good job of kind of refiltering it and having those
guys around those winning,
winning,
like,
like a guy like Joe Thornton,
Marlo,
all those kinds of guys,
they kind of just keep putting new guys in and end up learning how to win.
Like a guy like Logan Couture.
I mean, Vlasic came around maybe a little while ago, but he's one of those guys that filtered in nice.
A guy like Brent Burns came in, and he's a core guy where they kind of hit like a stopping point and you know they you know datsuk left on
them and you know the drapers and those guys where they've had a tough time kind of you know
revamping that lineup but i i think that i think that going down the road with i think they're
dealing with some cap problems too that they're probably going to have to struggle for a few years
and and i guess one positive note on them is their development throughout the years has been unbelievable, and they do a good job of really seasoning guys in the minors
and developing their own talent.
But I still think that they're going to probably struggle for a few years moving forward.
All right.
Me, Mikey, as a guy who gasped beers with Henrik Zetterberg,
and I just caught my trophy went down the hall from my co-host, Ryan Whitney, here in the igloo.
Sorry to go there, Wits.
I got a little insight on the team.
No, seriously, Detroit was so good for so long,
and they had so many Hall of Fame players that was bound to fall off at some point.
But the wheels aren't all going to fall off.
They're going to go into that kind of territory where the Flyers and Bruins
are kind of currently residing.
You're not quite a contender, but you're not bad enough to be a shit lottery team
because you're still trying to contend.
I think that's the Red Wings for the next few years.
They're not going to be a contender.
They're probably going to miss the playoffs once, maybe two times.
That streak is definitely going to end, so they're not going to catch the Bruins.
Yeah, they're definitely a team that's not going to be like dog shit at the basement.
I think their coaching is too good.
And, yeah, I mean, their gym is pretty decent too.
So, yeah, that's a good point.
And All Right Hamilton was brought to you by BetDSI.com.
With the NFL playoffs taking center stage, BetDSI is the place to be.
With over 20 years in the business and being rated the top rated business on sportsbook review sites,
it should be a no-brainer at this point. It's got a great mobile product that's easy to use
anytime, anywhere. Also, you can live in-game wager throughout the entire game and events.
I can't forget to mention the customer service. 24-7, 365 days a year. What's better than that?
Here's what we're going to do for you.
We're going to give you a free 10 just to try BetDSI when you register and a 200 bonus on
your first deposit, all with the code SPIT200. So for both new and returning members, it's automated.
So they should see this in the cashier. 200 means if you deposit 500, you get 1,000 in total.
Bonus credit.
So the total winds up being 1,500.
This is for both sports and casinos.
So when you deposit the 500, you get a total of 1,000 in your sports account and 500 in your casino account.
For a total of 1,500 just for using the code SPIT200.
That's BetDSsi.com.
This one, Paulie, this is obviously, if you're a listener,
you're familiar with Ask a Millennial,
where I ask these two young hoppers questions from things more from my pop
culture realm than theirs, and they give their best guess.
I'm going to give at least one easy one tonight, not for you,
just for these guys.
So whenever you're ready, say when.
Wait, wait, let's ask Biz you are you technically a millennial i was born in 85 i don't think i'm
considered a millennial if which is a millennial you're a millennial dude i'm sorry i don't make
the rules oh really okay if that's well yeah i was born in 85 i mean i didn't have a cell phone
so i was like 16 and i didn't have Instagram until like five years ago.
I don't know what's the cutoff here.
Yeah, you're in it.
Yeah, I don't know.
Everyone under 50 is a millennial.
I don't know.
You guys are in the 50s.
I mean, I can communicate with people, so I consider myself not a millennial, whereas I don't just sit on my phone all day.
There you go.
Yeah, no, millennial, it's not a mentality.
It's just that, unfortunately, I hate to be called Generation X, like they called us.
But, all right, so first one, first up, we'll go with Mikey.
This is an easy one.
I wouldn't be surprised if you just go three for three.
I'm going to start off with a little appetizer here.
Mikey, Frankie Valli.
Say that one more time.
Frankie Valli.
Frankie Valli? You say that's easy? I have no idea who that is. Say that one more time. Frankie Valley. Frankie Valley?
You say that's easy?
I have no idea who that is.
I have no clue.
All right, Wits, do you know?
Yeah, Frankie Valley in the four seasons, he was like a sick singer.
Wasn't he part of like the Rat Pack?
No, I'm not quite biz.
Well, not we know all about this.
I had no idea who that was.
You didn't Biz?
No I don't know
Frankie Fallon he's saying oh what a night
He's saying the soundtrack Grease from the show on Grease
I mean he's had them
I know the movie Grease
I didn't know the names
I kind of feel like a star right now
I think the only reason I know is
I had to go see this stupid play in New York City with my girlfriend.
I fell asleep at it.
Oh, that was good.
Well, it was a good story, man.
They were in the gangsta life, and they ended up becoming singers.
I mean, I know if you're a Broadway player, you're a wise guy.
I'm not a good name guy anyway.
I don't know any stars' names.
I'll see a person and say, oh, yeah, they look familiar, but I don't know them.
That's how I am.
Exactly right.
I was told you were a pretty smart guy,
so I might have upped the difficulty factor on a couple of these.
Oh, God.
That's an appetizer.
I'm fucked.
Yeah, I guess so.
I'm fucked every week, man.
So we're going to go right back to biz then,
and if you don't know Frankie Valli,
then you're not going to probably know who George Kennedy is.
I mean, I don't know.
No, fuck.
These are way too hard.
Nope.
Don't know either.
George Kennedy.
George Kennedy.
You don't know either, dude.
I feel like it's like a kid you played street hockey with back in the day that ended up going on to like invent something.
Maybe invent like, I don't know, jelly or something.
You called him Georgie one too many times.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
No, George Kennedy
was an Oscar winning actor who
you guys probably know most as
Ed Harkin from Naked Gun.
Frank Drebin's partner.
The big guy with the white hair.
This is what we deal with.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Wait, wait, wait.
He wanted to ask you for drag line at Cool Hand Luke.
Come on, bitch.
You never saw Cool Hand Luke?
All those bus rides?
No one ever put fucking Cool Hand Luke on?
No, man.
You don't want to know what these fucking millennials put on?
Yeah.
Puking your mouth.
What do they watch?
You've never...
Nothing.
None of you three have ever seen Cool Hand Luke. None of you three have ever seen Cool Hand Luke.
None of you three have ever seen Cool Hand Luke.
We shit on the rookies every road trip for the
embarrassing movies they bring on board.
I can imagine.
Whitney, you suck.
I don't watch cool movies.
I have always heard about
when he eats like
25 eggs in the movie, but I've never
seen that movie, no.
Okay. It. Okay.
Um,
at least,
all right,
that's,
it's something I'll give you,
I'll give you a partial credit because you meant you brought up the eating the
boiled egg scenes from cool and Luke,
what a fucking disaster.
All right.
Um,
next Mikey,
Mikey,
you,
I will go Mikey first.
Gloria gainer.
Poor Gloria gainer. G a Y N O R. Gloria Gaynor Gloria Gaynor
G-A-Y-N-O-R
Can you use it in a sentence?
Can you use it in a sentence?
Yeah
Gloria Gaynor
100 pounds
Country of origin
Gloria Gaynor
Southie
No, no
I was going to say Dorchester
No, she's not
She's not a girl I grew up with
Not a girl I went on spring break with,
not a girl I fingered in the back of a cab or anything like that.
That would have been funny if you would have came out with that.
Actress from the 70s is what my guess is.
No clue.
Mikey says actress from the 70s.
I guess...
No idea, man.
All right.
Do you guys hear that again?
Disco singer. You guys know
the song I Will Survive? I mean, every fucking
drunk broad has sang it
now since 1975 or whatever.
I think, yeah.
I know that song from movies.
Have you never been to a wedding?
Have you never been around drunk girls? No?
Seriously? Wow, dude.
Dude, drunk girls
now sing
like fucking...
I'm not trying to last week.
I mean, alright, alright,
and this is a shit show.
The last one, it's a fucking athlete.
I'm even going to give his dad.
J.R. Richard.
No.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We're going to piss off all the other people who are listening.
I know.
You're not talking about JR Redman, are you?
No.
He was my boy.
Owen Patz.
JR Richard was a fucking flamethrowing pitcher for the Astros back in the 70s, early 80s.
Biz, honestly, I amped up the game.
I thought you were going to bring the heat this game.
Witt said you were a wicked smart guy, so I went a little deep, obviously.
Well, in different topics.
Yeah, he's smart with what shoes to get to look cool.
I didn't even play you weren't smart.
That came out the fucking wrong way.
I went a little too deep on the pop culture.
I'm smart to you know cancer doctors not
to take stupid fucking minors when i'm playing so i have to fucking block shots off my ankles
hey whit something today whit if uh if business is picking out uh shoes you should have them pick
out some of those jack thread shoes for you because i know they uh jack threads hooked me
and you up with some nice clothes this week.
Oh, yeah, Biz.
We got to plug a hookup.
I forgot about that, Mikey.
Great call.
Well, talk to me when you start hooking up with the Lawn Vins and the Bottega Venetas.
And the Pro Stock CCMs.
And the Wet Noodles CCMs.
Well, Biz, I know we've kept you long enough.
It's close to 2 in the morning.
This has been fun.
I do quickly want to say this day in hockey history,
because this one cracked me up.
January 11, 2003, Yarmir Yager collected his 10th career NHL hat trick
and added four assists in a 7-3 drubbing of the Florida Panthers
when he was on the Capitals.
So, I mean,
look at that.
What's that?
14 years ago tonight,
Yaga got seven points and he's still playing.
It's fucking bananas.
Wow.
That's a,
that's pretty wild,
man.
I got one last question.
I know a lot of people,
a lot of people get hand-me-downs from generations ago,
but everyone out here wants to know what is your favorite recipe for
panty soup?
Oh man, that's, that's going back to one of my first.
See, this is the type of shit I could get away with in talking to Phoenix.
Yes, I know.
Talking about panty soup and making T-shirts and selling them online about it.
And, you know, I wouldn't even think Don Maloney.
Sauce hockey.
Yeah, sauce hockey and, like, talking about, like, mucking girls out online.
It was nuts, man.
But, I mean, my recipes changed quite a bit.
I mean, now I got a girl, so it's not like I'm back up to my old ways.
Well, you got a puppy, so that can always help.
The fact that you, when you just said panty soup, that brings me back to like, like my
hate when I was going to Vegas.
No, no.
Before that, when I was going to Vegas, like four times a summer and like, man, it was
like my multivitamin was a Z-pack, you know?
Oh, dude, you're the man.
I really appreciate it.
We appreciate you coming on, dude.
This has been great.
And at some point we need to have you on again, especially when you're done and you're unfiltered.
Boy, I love shooting this shit.
Thanks for having me.
Thanks for having me.
Thanks for coming on, Paul.
Appreciate it immensely.
And next time you're in New England, whether it's visiting Manchester or whatever, hit us up.
Vegas.
Or Vegas, yeah.
All right, biz, dude.
I'll talk to you soon.
Boys, peace out.
Take care of boys.
And I learned how to get along.
I just walked in to find you here with that sad look upon your face.
I should have changed that stupid lock.
I should have made you leave your key.
If I'd have known for just one second.
