Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 130 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to the gentlemen this fine Sunday, going into Monday.
Let's go to Ryan Whitney first.
What's going on, buddy?
What up, what up, boys?
We're special recording on a Sunday morning for Biz, early Sunday afternoon here on the
East Coast.
So I appreciate you guys helping me out with this and not doing it at night.
So what's going on?
No sweat, man.
Up early watching Davey and Goliath this morning.
Let's say hello next to Biz Nasty.
Paul Bissonnette, what's up, brother?
Boys, I know you fucking fans were chirping me about the Yotes,
you know, just heading on the downward, but three wins in a row now.
Three in a row.
And that was a decisive victory against St. Louis last night.
So the Wagoon is back.
And shout out to Golly Goose.
Got his first goal in quite a while last night after a sick dish from Clayton Keller.
Oh, that was nuts.
He danced to the end.
That was dirty.
And last but not least, our producer down in New York City
coming off a stint on the Long Island Uniondale last night, Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, buddy?
Fun time at the Islanders game Saturday.
Yeah, I mean, I said it to you before I came on, R.A.
It was absolutely insane in that place.
I mean, it sucks because the coolest part was the National Anthem,
and I was getting beers when that happened, so I'm an idiot.
But it was an absolute blast in there,
and to sit next to Frankie Borelli for it all was crazy.
Yeah, I pounded the Islanders because I figured right.
You know,
crazy atmosphere.
They're coming back.
I'm going to take them.
And they went down to nothing.
I was sending them texts.
I'm like,
your team's a joke.
Fuck this team.
But what a comeback,
big win for the aisles back at the Coliseum.
It's going to really suck having to go back to that shit bag place in
Brooklyn.
But Grinnelli,
how much of a dump is the Coliseum?
That place is a shithole too. Oh, it actually wasn't that bad.
No, it's not. No, it's not.
They redid everything. They redid the
hole inside. They redid all the seats.
Oh, really? Yeah, they redid
everything. I was asking for it.
Okay, alright. The old place was...
I mean, it's
definitely not the best NHL arena I've ever
been in, but it wasn't as bad as I think it was previously.
I don't really understand why they redid the seats in the inside.
Aren't they tearing that thing down?
Yeah.
What a fucking waste of money, man.
I don't get it.
Yeah, it doesn't make any sense.
And now if you're a player on that team, how do you go from that atmosphere,
like playoff-like atmosphere, back to Brooklyn with a fucking jumbotron
not even centered on the ice and shit.
Oh, yeah.
In the same way I pounded them last night,
I'm going to just pound whoever's playing
when they got to go back to Brooklyn.
Guys are going to be like, are you kidding me?
But still, pretty cool for Islanders fans.
They seemed fired up.
The only good thing about playing there were the Ice Girls back in the day.
They had some of the best in the league.
They had a couple that would spray this perfume on themselves,
and they would go by the bench and, oh.
I'd be like, God, please get benched.
I'd be skating my next shift with a heart on.
Please get benched.
Please get benched.
Skate behind me.
Oh, yes.
Wasn't the visit a locker room at the Coliseum awful?
Isn't it like a high school locker room?
They actually had kind of redone it.
I think I never saw like when it was real bad.
I mean, I know when I first came, it was like this.
Remember the Penguins old visiting locker room?
That place was like an MDC rink.
You were playing in Medford.
But hey, we do want to bring up the point that we have a special guest today,
and that is the GM of the Chicago Blackhawks, Stan Bowman.
So we kind of previewed that we had a GM on.
This was big for us.
We had about an hour and what, an hour and ten minutes with him, Mikey?
Yep.
We also got a good pushy crusher 6969 out of Biz in it.
Yeah, you know, when Biz is asking a current NHL GM if he has burner accounts,
actually, I'll let everyone else listen to the question.
But either way, we really appreciate his time, so that'll be coming up soon.
R.A., what are the happenings around the league?
Well, yesterday was the deadline for William Nylander to sign.
The 22-year-old finally signed with Toronto, practically the last minute,
per Jonas Siegel's piece in The Athletic, I just want to give the guy proper credit,
Nylander called Kyle Dubas a half hour before the deadline and said,
do you want to make a deal?
At 4.52, the Leafs had a signed copy of the deal.
Good thing they didn't have business internet.
Could have ran into a real issue there.
Both of you guys.
So, yeah, so he literally called it.
It's just kind of like, you know why couldn't this have
happened you know three or four months ago uh and i got some info from uncle bob mckenzie here i
used some of his tweets basically it's a six year 45 million dollar deal the actual dollars because
of the proration because he's starting late is 41.77 million is what he's going to get but
six years 45 mil uh the cat pit is going to get. But six years, 45 mil.
The cap hit is going to be a big cap hit this year because of the way it's structured.
And then it's going to be 10.2 million this year
and then 6.969 million for the final five years.
So, I mean, it doesn't seem like a number that's
they couldn't have come to an agreement a few months ago.
So what's your take on it, Whit?
I said the same thing.
I saw the deal.
I saw it got done.
And you started seeing a lot of well-respected hockey names,
journalists say, I think something's getting done today.
So I wasn't that surprised.
But I was surprised in the sense of you saying,
what the hell?
You guys couldn't do this?
This was the contract?
This is what we waited for?
Everyone the entire time was pretty much saying around 41 million to 45 million
over six, seven years.
I mean, I'm shocked it took this long.
It makes me think the kid just wanted to chill for half the year.
Let me just relax over here.
I'll just have a little joyride, skate in Austria,
wherever the hell he was skating.
But 45 of the entire contract, I think, is paid to him in the first year,
whether it be signing bonuses or the salary from the first year. So good job by the Leafs. I feel
like it's a win-win, which is kind of silly considering they both stood their ground for
so long. But the Leafs got their guy at a reasonable number, and now the Leafs, who are
wagging, they've won four in a row, and they look incredible. Austin Matthews, Jesus Christ. He hasn't
slowed down since the injury.
But now they have Nylander, so the Leafs
are looking for real.
Yeah, 42.5
of that deal is going to get paid off
in the next seven months.
I mean, this is kind of
a state tax situation
where now all of a sudden...
I know you fuckers are going to laugh when I said that.
Hey, I should get an alarm. I should get a big state tax.
Yeah. We'll get, we'll get the silly season horn from Bud,
Budweiser Canada going every time I mentioned that, but no,
on a serious note is these rich teams have the ability to pay these guys a lot
of money up front where it gives them more flexibility down the road.
And, and for those,
I guess how do I explain this for people
who are wondering what the fuck I'm talking about,
is if there's a market that doesn't have a lot of money,
they're going to...
A lot of cash flow.
Cash flow.
Like three years into this deal, once, let's say,
the Leafs pay off the signing bonus,
then a month into the season, they can get this guy
and pay him less than what his cap hit would actually be
uh towards that they're his new team but uh um james myrtle had a good point he said the leafs
should do that with every contract going forward and anything to give them greater flexibility in
the future and it's just an advantage for a team that has a lot of money uh on that note i think
that william nylander has a fucking huge set of balls on him
because
I saw a couple tweets saying that he had some big balls
big time
I mean man he
essentially got what he wanted
because he waited all the way to the fucking final minutes
and you know
I was never getting
mad at either party here
I know people who are attached to Leafs Nation
probably get a little bit more emotional about it.
But you had a GM who was looking out for the greater good of his team
over the overall, and you had a player saying,
hey, listen, I know what my value is, and this is what it is.
So people get so caught up in it, and they're like,
listen, if I'm him,
I would have signed that thing a lot, a lot earlier.
And another thing that was weird about it too, is like, like he did get, I would, I
would imagine that his number he was asking for was probably a little bit over 7 million.
The money that he lost not playing the first two months of the season would have probably
just made up for that in the eight year span anyway.
So I don't know, maybe, maybe it was a case in point where he wanted the structure where he was getting
a shit ton of money up front and i mentioned that actually that instagram live i don't know if you
guys checked it out is fuck what what's your money guy making you a year plenty i would say
let's say eight percent i mean all of a sudden eight percent's a good year yeah i mean if you
can get eight percent a year that's you know look at six seven kind of guaranteed right
well all of a sudden this kid gets you know 42.5 percent of his entire contract in the first seven
months christ man i could i could organize his money and make him a good five percent for crying
out loud so i think it worked out for both parties that The Maple Leafs are, to me now, the team to beat.
Especially considering
in the West. Wow, really?
Considering in the West, all the other
teams, the heavy hitters,
just beat up on each other. And by the time they
get to the finals, they're
just so gassed. So, R.A., how do you feel
about it? Man, it's a huge
addition. This is the team that's second in points
in the NHL, and they're adding a player of his his caliber and they're just going to make him that much better uh i think the
fact he picked up the phone at 4 30 in the afternoon it tells me ultimately he just wanted
to play hockey and try to win a cup you know he didn't want to get tied up i mean what what would
how would it benefit him sitting out a year in no way at all he's just going to lose prime prime
time of his career so i think he realized he's assigned now or have to wait till the sun wait until the summer he really didn't have much leverage i mean other than
sitting out and you know getting him locked up for a shade under seven million a year great move
for the leafs i mean you know if he's producing at this level and keeps progressing i mean he's
going to be an unreal bargain in a few years uh and it gives him the security kneeling it gives
him the security he was seeking he's still only going to be 28 years old at the conclusion of the deal,
hypothetically still in his prime,
and have another huge contract potentially down the line.
What else I had?
Oh, also two guys.
It doesn't seem like  it seemed like years ago teams were trending away
from paying guys based on potential,
but it seems like general managers are kind of going back to that.
Like, okay, this kid looks like he's going to be good.
Let's lock him up now where they kind of got away from that for a while,
but it looks like they're returning to those ways.
You almost have to.
I mean, because in a sense, you have to bet on yourselves
knowing how good this kid's going to be.
And if you see some parts of his game that you love
and then you see some parts you don't love,
that's when you have to decide how long-term of a deal
do we want to offer this kid?
Because we're going to end up getting throttled by him at some point if he lives up to what we think he can be in terms of the
players he can be player he can become so teams have to make a decision and and i think that it
works out great for both both both parties because players are looking at it now i guess if you're
old school you could argue well these kids are young and they're getting so much money maybe
they shut the mill like ryan whit But no, Ryan Whitney battled injuries.
He didn't really shut the mill.
But you got to wonder if a lot of these guys are, you know,
driven enough to become set for life at 23, 22, 24 years old
and then be willing to put in the work to become the player
that they're getting paid to become.
I mean, a lot of times the money that guys are getting thrown at them,
it's not for the player they are now it's,
this is going to be what you're worth.
So it's going to be up to the player,
but I do agree.
Our teams are certainly showing and that's,
that's all workings of the cap and figuring out how to kind of beat it and
work ways around it and,
and lining guys up and lining their pockets earlier in their career.
I do feel that maybe that in the next CBA that should be addressed, though,
as far as how they're structuring deals because teams that have a lot of
Probably will.
Teams that have a shit ton of money do have an advantage.
They're going to have to structure it where they're paying them
they can only pay them up to a certain percentage in the first few years
of that contract because that's an advantage.
It's an advantage to the CBA, and it's being manipulated by teams that have
dough.
Regarding your comment, yeah.
I mean, you're basically telling a stud moving forward, hey,
you're not going to have any bridge deal years where you're not making
significant money.
We're going to get you into making significant money.
You may have to sacrifice some in the long term.
But to me, it's a gamble on,
on both ends.
Like I would personally,
I would never get greedy about it because I'm like,
damn,
I'm not getting a bridge deal.
And all of a sudden out of my entry level deal,
which I'm assuming if you're getting an eight year deal or a six,
seven year deal out of your entry level,
you've probably hit a few bonuses along the way in that entry level too.
So you've already made decent money.
I would say Nylander was making what one and a half to two in his entry level
deal. He had back to back 60 point season.
So I'd imagine there was some bonuses that, but yeah, I mean,
it goes down to a GM not wanting to have to be the guy to overpay somebody
where you're like, Hey, listen,
I'm going to risk a little bit off the top here.
And if he scales up to where we expect him to i get him a bar a bargain in the i want to i want to say maybe
the i mean you're lucky enough to get it in the second year but like the third fourth fifth and
sixth year of this deal if this guy becomes a point of game player at seven million you're
fucking laughing hey and then especially at that time if you have him locked in for 6.9 average and he's a point-of-game guy,
think about how much leverage you have in trades after that.
Not only is he a good cap hit, now you can get your stud defenseman.
And, I mean, that's a story for another day.
I feel like  I do feel  I don't know Neylander.
I've never met him.
But he has the look of a cocky, cocky kid, which I guess you got to respect.
And I feel like the entire time he was telling his agent,
I'll call it 4.30 the last day.
We'll get this done.
He's like, I don't know.
You could just tell the entire time nothing really bothered him,
or at least from what I saw.
And then he made the call like you said, all right, okay, let's do something.
I'm set now.
So good for the Leafs and good for their fans because they are a club and a half right now. Yeah. It wasn't like
he was sitting around eating ramen noodles, like living paycheck to paycheck by any stretch. And
Biz, you just mentioned trade. He does have a modified no trade clause in the final year. And
it's only the final year because he wasn't eligible for a no trade clause in the first five
years due to his age. So that's something, you know, keep an eye on if Leafs say, oh, yeah, we want you here.
But if they still need a top tier defenseman at some point,
and, you know, I guess he's still potentially trade bait.
A couple of the notes, too, just on the deal.
The way it's structured, again, we're just talking about how they got to kind of play with the money a bit.
24.3 million of it will come in the form of signing bonuses over the life of the deal
and only 20.3 million of it will come in the form of signing bonuses over the life of the deal and
only 20.7 million in base salary. This year, he's going to make 6.77, which is off the prorated 10
million, adding a 2 million signing bonus. So he's going to make 8.77 this year.
Yeah, he's doing all right.
And then next year, he's making 700K. The signing bonus is 8.3 million next year.
And then the last four years of the deal, the base salary is only 2.5 million,
and the signing bonus for each of those years is 3.5 million.
So, you know, they just finagle the money so it works
and gets under the cap, and this is how we get here.
And, boys, before we move on, I just want to congratulate
every non-Leese fan for getting through this
because, obviously, it's taken up a lot of the hockey world talk,
and I'm sure you people are sick of it.
So let's put it to rest.
It's better than if you're an NFL fan and you just listen to these scumbags
just beating women and stuff.
So our holdouts are a little better than your domestic violence,
complete rats in the NFL.
The NFL is the real sick league.
That place, whatever, we'll go into that later.
Boys, quickly, I don't know, Ari, your next topic,
but I just wanted to mention, shout-out to the Buffalo Sabres fans.
The streak ended, but those wagon shirts were flying off the shelves,
and those are the best T-shirts we've ever released as well, I would say.
They are awesome.
Yeah, kudos to Grinelli.
Oh, speaking of Grinelli, I need to know,
regarding the whole Buffalo thing,
we're not going to talk about the team.
I want to know what was going on online with you and this Jimmy Murphy guy.
I actually follow this guy.
I follow a lot of media people because I'm always interested
in what other people's opinions are and what they have to say
so I can argue with them.
But so what's the story here?
Some people who don't have Twitter or who weren't paying attention that day
are probably going to want to know the details, but you
got into it with this Jimmy Murphy guy
about your Buffalo Sabres.
Yeah, I mean, essentially the guy called
Jeff Skinner overrated, so I said
no, he's not. I called him
out for it. And then when the Sabres
lost, he tried to come back at me.
And I mean,
the way this guy works, R.A. knows this
guy. R.A. knows how he works as well.
He does this for attention.
He knows we're the big boys.
So he comes barking up my tree because he knows we'll get him a couple Twitter followers.
I reached out to him after.
Behind the scenes, he's calling me a Twitter tough guy.
I messaged him and I said, fight me in rough and rowdy.
Let's battle this like men.
How old is he?
How old is he?
He's like 40.
And he's calling me a tough guy.
I offer you out. And he's saying me a tough guy. I offer you out.
And he's saying that, oh, I'll see you on the ninth floor of the press box and you won't
be saying this to my face.
And I'm like, all right, well then let's settle this like men and let's fight and rough.
And let's make some money at rough and rowdy.
You used to work with this guy though.
You used to work with this guy.
Yeah, I did a podcast with him right before I joined Chicklets.
That must have been a monster podcast. I got him his fucking last job. Fuck that guy. Yeah, I did a podcast with him right before I joined Chicklets. That must have been a
monster podcast. I got him
his fucking last job. Fuck that guy.
He's a clown. What a little
weasel this guy sounds like. He's a clown.
So does he want to fight you or what?
No, he said no.
I have had major health
issues the past two days and I've been in the hospital.
I'm not going to deal with your little high
school boy shit. He'll school bullshit. He's in a
couple months. Yeah, I said, hey,
we'll tee it up right before Whitney and Riggs.
Right before you guys play your golf match.
And it's a little crazy considering
his comment was Skinner was overrated.
Skinner doesn't have a
big cap hit. I mean, no one really
talks. They traded draft picks for him.
He's got 20 goals. Yeah, he's got 20 goals.
So, I mean, if anything, it just looks bad on him for making the comment.
Now he's trying to justify it.
This is probably good for him, though.
Listen, I don't like getting in media risk with the other media guys.
I don't really care enough.
We live in our own little bubble on this podcast.
You know, we got fucking Pink Whitney's we talk about.
We got R.A.'s Simpson jokes.
Hey, by the way, I want to go at you for that internet crack.
Your internet's worse than mine, you piece of crap.
I don't know.
I think it's been  I think Rinelli will agree.
I stepped it up.
I finally got things working.
It's been fine the last few days.
Oh, by the way, go ahead, Biz.
Oh, no, no.
I was just going to  I wanted to finish up with this Jimmy Murphy guy.
We don't have any ill will towards him, but you think
he's coming after you because he wants the follows?
I guess so.
I thought I was friends with the guy before
and then he's calling me a Twitter tough guy
and he's calling me all this shit.
I said, let's just fight.
Let's settle this again.
I'll be your ring man. That would be awesome.
Hater. What a hater.
Hey guys, before we go any further just
want to talk to you for a second about quip when you think of the perfect gift this holiday season
you probably don't think of an electric toothbrush but the quip electric toothbrush is one of the
most gift guided gifts of the season and here's why it's perfect for everyone with the mouth and
it's something they'll use twice a day quip has the sensitive sonic vibrations that are gentle
enough on your
sensitive gums and with a built-in timer with guiding pulses to remind you
when to switch sides.
Most people don't know you got to brush for two minutes a day and you got to
take care of all the teeth.
They dilly-dally, but Quip makes it easy to brush all your teeth.
And it also makes holiday travels clean and easy with the multi-use cover that
mounts to mirrors and un-mounts to slide over the bristles for on-the-go
brushing.
Doesn't require a clunky charger.
Runs for three months on one charge.
That's unbelievable.
Quip is the gift that keeps refreshing with brush heads automatically delivered on a dentist-recommended schedule every three months for just 5.
And you can even gift prepaid refills for a year to make sure they're never old.
To make sure you're never using old, worn-out, or ineffective bristles.
So make sure you're never using old, worn out, or ineffective bristles.
Quip is the first electric toothbrush accepted by the American Dental Association and has hundreds of verified five-star reviews.
I love my Quip because it's not one of those old ones, you know,
cheap toothbrushes you get at the dentist, falls apart,
next thing you know you're spitting out bristles after a month.
Nuh-uh, it doesn't work that way with Quip.
Okay, Quip is a big-ticket tech gift.
I'm sorry, big.
Quip looks like a big-ticket tech gift with the stocking stuff for price starting at just 25.
And if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets right now,
you get your first refill pack for free with a Quip electric toothbrush.
But you don't have to tell your giftee that.
That's your first refill pack free at g-e-t-q-u-i-p.com slash chiclets uh by the way
shout out to all the pink whitney uh people out there i mean did you see the battle the battle
shots i guess it's called it's like the old game battleship but you drink shots i mean that's after
my time i never seen that in college but they were doing shots a couple guys used it for their
secret santa and they actually printed out the Whitney labels, the one that
Buddy Bernardo made. So, shout out
to everybody who's still drinking the Pink Whitney's,
the New Amsterdam Vodka.
Everybody's happy with what's going on, so
keep pounding away and drink responsibly.
Yes. Love it.
Hey, how about the
Oilers boys since old
Hitch. Old Hitch
shows back up in the league behind the bench,
just chirping at people.
And the Oilers are 4-1-1 under him.
Just buzzing.
Big win last night against the Vegas Golden Knights.
McDavid's goal.
Are you kidding me?
This is a complete joke.
I just wish the Oilers were on a little earlier because I love watching them play because of that savage.
But Hitch has them going, so shout out to the Oilers who are buzzing around.
Guys, I don't know how many times we talk about it,
but to me, McDavid's the greatest hockey player to ever be born,
just as far as his sheer  I know people
Oh, Gretzky.
Listen, I fucking love Gretzky, and I love what he did,
and obviously he's got all the records.
But what McDavid could do on the ice in today's NHL has never been seen.
Are we all in agreement?
I don't know.
I think Sid Early was the same thing.
I don't know.
I'm not ready to say that.
I'm not ready to say what you're saying.
I think when Sid came, it was like, holy shit, what is this human being?
Is this a creature? Is this a real-life person?
How is he doing these things?
And the same is being said for McDavid.
Are you saying the most talented player ever or the best overall hockey player?
What are you saying?
He goes out there and he dominates.
In today's NHL, it's like where like you don't see that like guys you know yeah nobody's skated with him nobody has skated like him especially with the puck we said or the one time
Horkoff gave me shit Horkoff told me that and then I said it and he's like you didn't even give me
credit you scumbag wit not surprised yeah Scotty Bowman compared his initial step to Bob Buehler, his speed.
I think that's the difference. As good as Crosby
is, he doesn't have the speed and the size
that McDavid does. Just to piggyback
on Hitchcock, I think we've got to give a shout-out.
We've been talking about Finnish goalies a week or so
ago. Mikko Koskinen
kind of come out of nowhere. He was a second
round pick of the Islanders back in
2009. Right now, Edmonton has-round pick of the Islanders back in 2009.
And right now, Edmonton  He's in the KHL for a while.
He's been lighting it up.
You know, 8-2-1 with Edmonton this year, 2.16 goals against them,
a 9-2-8 save percentage, two shutouts.
So, you know, Hitchcock obviously cleaned things up,
but we've got to give props to the goalie as well.
Yeah.
Okay, let me rephrase my statement because I'll probably get smoked for,
you know, saying  I kind probably get smoked for saying this.
I kind of know what you're saying.
He's probably the most electrifying.
And when you watch him, every shift you're like, something's going to happen.
And to me, he's the best ever regarding that.
Like Sid's a little bit more structured in the sense where he's
what do I say here?
Well, Sid does a lot of his damage like on the walls down low
in the offensive zone, whereas McDavid, for me,
what you just said is true in that when he swings low in the neutral zone
and gets a pass at full tilt, right away you're like, here we go.
Here we go.
You actually kind of move forward in your seat
and spill some of your pink wine or your pink Whitney
or your red wine on yourself.
Yeah.
So yeah,
I'll,
I'll retract my statement.
Not the best ever yet,
but I would imagine he's there if he can,
if he can sustain this for another 10 years of what he's doing right now,
to me,
obviously the point thing will never be touched,
but to me,
he's the best ever.
If he can do that,
the point thing doesn't,
I mean,
when you're playing against goalies back in the
day that we're wearing black ice fucking uh goalie pads and and like stood up and we're doing kick
saves and guys were scoring from outside the blue line like it was nothing i don't know i might be
digging myself a hole here that's right it's early in the morning biz you gotta wake up a little
right yeah and and with that that probably means it's time where we're going to throw to our interview
with current GM of the Chicago Blackhawks, Stan Bowman.
Here we go.
This interview was brought to you by Felix Gray.
You probably don't realize it, but the average American blasts their eyes with bright screens
for 11 hours a day.
Then you think about what they do all day, and it doesn't seem so crazy.
Between fantasy football,
Twitter,
Facebook,
Instagram,
just your regular laptop,
TVs,
movies,
Netflix.
It's amazing how much times your eyes are on screens.
It's probably not too healthy for it.
That's why you want to snag a pair of Felix gray glasses.
Cause you're just looking at screens all day,
but you can protect your eyes.
That's what I'm doing right now.
I'm wearing my Felix grays right now.
Cause they're unreal.
They're a lifesaver.
They filter out 90 of high-energy blue light and eliminate the glare coming off all the screens
so I can live my life without tired, dry eyes, blurry vision, or headaches.
Usually, it seems like a hassle to have to protect your eyes, and that's why most of us don't do it.
Felix Gray glasses aren't like those weird computer glasses, like nerdy-looking and stuff.
There's no yellow lens like Tackleberry from Police Academy.
And Felix Gray glasses are handcrafted from premium Italian acetate, so they don't make you look goofy.
In fact, throwing on some Felix Grays is an easy way to look pretty good.
I got mine on right now.
Grinnelly can probably shoot out a picture.
A little stylish, a little different than usual.
That's why I like them.
Felix Gray glasses are available in non-prescription, prescription, and free shipping and free returns there's nothing to lose don't go another day
looking at screens without the help of some felix grays go to felixgrayglasses.com slash
chiclets to protect your peepers today that's felixgrayglasses.com slash chiclets fel Felix Gray glasses dot com slash chicklets.
We are now pleased to introduce.
This is a big deal.
Not not a big deal.
Big deal.
Our first current general manager, our first general manager in any sort of sense.
The GM of the Chicago Blackhawks, three time Stanley Cup champion Stan Bowman.
Thank you very much for joining the show.
Glad to be here, guys.
Looking forward to it.
So we're a little nervous, and people probably think,
wow, you're actually interviewing a GM?
You're not just talking trash about old locker room stories.
But we're actually nervous because you're our appetizer.
If we crushed the interview with you, we might get Scotty on here, no?
Hey, you never know.
He likes doing stuff, too so uh if this one goes well
you just might get him i actually wanted to get in that quickly before we get into the current
state of affairs and your you know professional career with the blackhawks i'd love to know what
it was like being a seven-year-old running around the montreal canadians locker room with your dad
just winning cups and more real well you know it funny. I look back at those days and, you know,
I almost thought that that's the way it always went.
You know, when you're a little kid,
you don't have really a frame of reference.
So from the time I can remember, I was around hockey
and the Canadians were just such a dominant team.
I mean, they would win.
I remember that one year they won 60 games.
I mean, it was like, it was an unbelievable record. I mean, they would win. I remember the one year they won 60 games. I mean,
it was like, it was an unbelievable record. I still think, and then actually my dad's Red Wings team is the only one that beat that record years later. So, you know, he's been part of some
special teams over the years. And as a kid, you just sort of soak it up and you absorb it. You're
around it all the time. And you don't know that it's unusual for a team to have that much
success until you get older and you kind of look around and see how tough it is to win.
Stan, when you were, you know, hanging around the, like what said the forum,
were you cognizant? I know you were just a little kid, but did you have any idea just how big of a
deal those guys were? And like that, you know, they were this dynasty going on or were you just
kind of an oblivious kid? Like when did, when did you finally realize, wow, dad, dad has a pretty
big job here and he's kind of a big deal? it wasn't till later probably we moved to buffalo um so in
the late 70s i moved to buffalo and you know once i was probably 10 12 13 years old and you know the
buffalo teams weren't as strong as the montreal teams and then you started to look back and look
at the record and realize they had so many hall of fame players
there and you know you were sort of blessed as a kid to be around that and just to see
you know the city is crazy in Montreal for the Canadians and you know I think I remember back
to those days you know just every everybody plays hockey in Montreal as a little kid you know it's
what you do when you come home from school is you play.
We had a backyard rink, and that's kind of where I learned how to skate,
and it's cold there, so you can make the rink early
and you can skate on it every day after school.
It was something that my brother and I did,
and I remember those days like it was yesterday.
Yeah, I mean, I know we see a lot of pictures and video of like players today,
kids skating around with their teammates.
Is that something that they allowed you to do?
Like were you able to wheel around like Steve shot and Gila Fleur and,
and you know, Kenny Dryden back then,
or was that kind of frowned upon in the seventies?
A couple of times I did. It's funny.
You mentioned Steve shot. Cause for whatever reason,
he was my favorite player. Like they had all these guys on the team that were
probably, well, they were more famous than him and it seemed like everybody
liked LeFleur and uh for some reason I was a Steve Schutt fan he was my guy and as a little
kid that was like the guy I was always looking up to well this is usually an interview where we ask
guys about guys wrenches in the locker room but but I guess we've got to skip that step today.
Did you play at all growing up?
Were you a big hockey guy?
Yeah, I played.
I mean, I was a decent player.
I played all through high school, and then I went to Notre Dame, and I didn't  actually, an interesting story.
So I was a young kid.
I was a Pee Wee and Bantam player.
We had good teams, and I got to high school, and I just wasn't having fun anymore. I didn't like my coach. He was sort of a yeller.
After my freshman year, I said to my dad, and I was kind of nervous to have this conversation,
but I said, I don't want to play anymore. It not fun like you know I didn't know what he'd say because you know he's coaching um this is in Buffalo at the time
I think he might have been the coach and the GM and you know to his credit he said well if you're
not enjoying it then then don't play and you know I was I was an active kid I played baseball my dad
was our coach and I played golf and tennis and you, you know, it's not like I didn't do anything, but I took two years off. And then right before my senior year of high school,
I missed it so much. I sort of regretted that I stopped playing. So I got back into it.
You know, I played, I played well, you know, I made like an all-star team my senior year,
and I was hoping to maybe play in college, but didn't happen so I went to Notre Dame and played club hockey there and I played dorm hockey and then I joined a men's league like
I was back in full because the passion was there and um you know I even if I stuck with it I don't
think I would have been a pro player I might have been able to play in college but uh you know the
love of the sport kind of came back to me after I took a couple years off.
So did you, you probably had a pretty good relationship with your old man then.
I mean, obviously he was busy with all the hockey stuff and being a GM and coach, not a big deal.
But like, were you guys conversational?
Were there a lot of talks in depth?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, obviously mostly around sports and hockey.
Like we're really into all sports. I mean, my dad, I don't know that he watches anything on TV besides sports. And it's if it's not hockey, then it's baseball. If it's not baseball, it's golf or, you know, he'll find anything on TV. So that's sort of what I grew up with. And I was a big sports fan in general, but hockey was always dominating our life. And one of my favorite things to do as a little kid was I just would like to sit there
and be a fly on the wall.
So he'd let me come in.
He had meetings with his coaches.
And, you know, back then, you know, he did a lot of phone calls.
Like there wasn't as much thing.
There was no Internet and whatnot.
So, you know, he would call his coaches daily and just talk about the game the
night before. And I would just sit there for hours and listen to him. We just listened to him
talk and, you know, they make observations about the game. And I think you learn to watch the game
differently. Like when you watch it with a coach, they notice things differently than the fans
notice, right? They're noticing the details of the game. And,
you know, when something good happens, you know, you look 20 seconds earlier, well,
here's sort of what, you know, preceded that. And this is why we're doing well or we're not doing
well. So, you know, the thing I remember most as a little kid was, you know, I think my dad,
the greatest coach, the reason that I think he is, is because
he always had a curiosity for what other people were thinking. And he always sort of took little
bits and pieces from, from a lot of different spots. You know, I remember being a teenage kid
and after a game, this was when he was in Detroit, actually, he would say, what did you see last night?
Like, what did you see in the game?
And I would tell him, here's what I think you should do.
And then, sure enough, sometimes, like, the next day,
they would change the lines, exactly what I had suggested,
and they would change some of the things.
And it was because, you know, a lot of times you're too close to it as a coach
and you maybe don't see something.
And he had friends. He had a friend that was like an electrician that was they used to talk hockey
every day and he would say a lot of crazy shit about you know how you guys should try this you
guys should try that but every now and then he'd have a good idea and my dad would use that good
idea and i think so he was never afraid to kind of tinker and try things that other
people probably, I don't know if their ego would get in the way
or if they would think that they have the answers.
But, I mean, my dad has no ego at all.
It's just about, you know, trying to get better.
And I think as a result, he ended up having the career that he did.
I could just picture you, though, like, Dad,
you got to put Ray Shepard up with Federov tomorrow night.
I could sense it.
And they go minus five.
He's like,
Jesus Christ.
What the fuck was that?
No,
I just,
I am.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Or it wasn't a very good skater before he could put the puck in the net.
Yeah.
Now he's like a plus two golfer.
He's got life by the balls,
but I'm curious those,
those years in Detroit and even the Pittsburgh titles,
I mean, you're in college at Notre Dame when Pittsburgh wins one of them.
Then you're young 20s and Detroit's taking these cups.
What are some of the celebration nights like for you?
I mean, you're just a man being a 24-year-old just with your dad
raising cup after cup, no?
Yeah, well, yeah, it was a lot of fun back then.
The Pittsburgh one, that was in Chicago.
So it was my freshman year at Notre Dame.
I had just finished the semester, and I lucked out there
because it's about 90 miles from Notre Dame to Chicago.
So I came over, and I got to be there when they won it.
And all my siblings, they were so jealous.
They couldn't go to that game because they were in school elsewhere so i got to be on the ice with them and down in the
locker room and the old chicago stadium it was uh i just remember you know the armor joggers
spraying champagne in their face and it was uh that was sort of my introduction to the celebrations. And then obviously they had the, the two and later in the nineties,
they're, um, 96, 97, uh,
and then 97, 98 with the wings and again in oh two. So, um,
it was, uh, there was some fun nights for sure. I don't remember that. Um,
you know, I do remember the one time it was in 2002, we were, uh,
we had been partying after we won the cup.
I was with my wife, and she was pregnant with my son, who's now 16.
So she was the only sober one of the group.
So we got pulled over on the way home, and the cop comes up and looks and sees all these people that are essentially passed out in the car.
But my wife was stone sober.
And then the guy asked her, like, what's going on?
We had like four or five people in the car and they were all just sort of out of it.
And she said, well, we're coming from the Red Wings celebration.
My husband's dad is a coach and I didn't have a drink because she was about, I think, six months pregnant at the time.
So obviously we got off scot-free from that one,
and they gave us a high five for winning the Cup.
So that was one memory from that Cup that kind of sticks out.
And now you're calling these guys about trades, like Shani and Iserman.
Is that a little weird, or is just like a lot easier to like call
them up and be like, Hey bud, like, you know, proposal or just shoot the shit.
No, I mean, obviously it helped. I knew those guys. I mean, when,
I remember I went on a road trip one time when I was in,
it was like a spring break trip and I was in college and I went with the Wings out west
and I was the same age as Chris Draper I think I remember you know I was I was sort of this
nervous guy on the bus and you know somebody they kind of put me up to it they said you know go
ahead and sit in that seat right there that's where you're supposed to sit so I sat there it
turns out that was my dad's seat he He comes on the bus and he said,
what are you doing? And I said, well, that's where they told me to sit.
So they would kind of play
lighthearted jokes on me
that way.
I wouldn't say I had a real in-depth
relationship with them, but over
the years, I saw them enough that
at the
parties for sure, but also
just being around the team that, you know,
I have a good relationship with those guys.
And Chris Draper, I know he's a coach now.
His son, same age as my son, play against each other a lot.
So I see Chris in the rinks quite a bit.
So, you know, you have relationships and it doesn't hurt, I think.
You know, but when business comes into play, the friendships don't really matter.
Stan, when was it you decided
you wanted to be a team executive?
You know, you said you kind of played club hockey in college
and realized the NHL wasn't going to happen.
So, you know, when did you say,
hey, man, I want to make hockey, you know,
part of my life, make a career out of it?
How did that start, and what was your first job
as a team exec?
Well, it actually goes back to that story I told a minute ago.
After the victory when the Penguins beat the Blackhawks,
my mom and I, the next day, we drove back to Notre Dame to pack up my stuff,
and I was on that ride home when we just started talking about
how my first year was going and what I was studying,
and I said, you know, I'd love to work in hockey one day and I'd love to work with dad
and she said oh that was the first time I ever really sort of verbalized it and
she said oh like you want to be a coach and I said no I I don't have that like
that's not my skill set I can't I can't see myself being coached like it's just
that wouldn't work for me and I don't know if it was because my dad was such a successful coach and
I didn't want to follow in his footsteps or just I didn't have that skill set so I told her that
someday it would be really cool if I could work in the NHL in management and work with dad. And then, so that was, that would have been 1992. So,
you know, I graduated in 95. And after that, I went and I kind of wanted to do my own thing
right out of school. So I got a job. I was working in the business field, Arthur Henderson,
you know, they, before they got in all their trouble with Enron, it was, it was my first job.
So I worked there for like three years in sort of in a their trouble with Enron. It was my first job. So I worked there for like
three years in sort of in a consulting role, computer consulting. That was what my degree
was in. I studied finance and computers. So, you know, I enjoyed it. It was actually a fun job
right out of college. It was almost like an extension of college. Like we had a big group
of kids that started. It was, you know, you don't
do a whole lot. You're starting out as a consultant, you know, there's a lot of downtime.
So it was almost like you were continuing on your college days. So we had a lot of fun.
And I did that for a couple of years, but I remember in the, in the middle of this, probably
1998 or so, I think like, I don't really want to be doing this when I'm in my 40s like it's fine for
now and I was I was good at it but there was no passion for it like being a consultant and
traveling around different job sites it was it wasn't something I wanted to do as a career and
you know I kind of evaluated where I was at and I said if I'm going to change paths I gotta I'd like to do something
with hockey that's what I really care about I mean I was obviously a huge fan of the Red Wings and
at the time I was going to as many playoff games as I could I would watch them all the time so
um I just started sending letters around it was this was about a year later it was like late
1999 I started sending resumes sort of blindly to a bunch of teams and a couple of them responded.
And the Black Box, which is where I was living in Chicago at the time, they had made some
changes.
They were going through sort of a front office changeover.
And Mike Smith called me in and said, hey, I got your note.
Why don't you come in and we'll talk?
So I didn't know Mike.
Like, my dad didn't know Mike.
And I didn't really want to go somewhere where my dad just got me a job.
Like, I didn't want to go work for the Red Wings, you know.
And it just, I wanted to do something for myself.
So Mike brought me in and talked about different things.
Actually, we ended up talking most.
My wife had started a pet sitting business in Chicago like dog walking and cat sitting and so when I
showed up at the interview all Mike wanted to talk about was walking dogs
because I he was a big pet lover and he was telling me how he had this was
favorite job ever was one summer when he we wouldn't took care of someone's dog
and Martha's Vineyard.
And he said, so he spent like 40 minutes talking about pets and dogs and how great it is to be an animal lover.
And at the end of it, he's like, all right, well, I think we'll find something for you if you want to just come in.
We'll make you like special projects and we'll start next week.
So I remember I left there and I'm thinking like, yeah, I don't know what I'm doing.
But I didn't, at that point, I didn't care.
I just wanted to start.
So I started and I was doing more financial stuff to start, like budgeting, statistical
work, you know, like skills that I had from the business world that, I mean, I had hockey
knowledge, but I didn't have any practical working hockey knowledge. So I started and this was before there was any kind of databases.
So I created some very rudimentary programs to track things.
And, you know, back then, this is 2000, I started with the Hawks.
You know, there wasn't it was a small operation.
Like now I look at our front office was so much more advanced than it was then.
But so a couple of years, you know,
I kind of worked my way up and then at one point Mike Smith got let go.
And so did Nick Beverly and Marshall Johnston and Joe Unetti.
They let go of like five guys and they didn't hire anybody new.
They moved Dale Talon from the broadcast
booth over into like the assistant gm and then in dale and i knew each other you know
it's been dale's a big golfer and i am as well and we were pretty good friends
um so dale came to me and said look i need your help with some of this cba stuff like i can help
you um well actually dale had gone from the broadcast booth to do some scouting so he was to me and said, look, I need your help with some of this CBA stuff. Like I can help you.
Well, actually Dale had gone from the broadcast booth to do some scouting. So he was doing some scouting and then he said, I can help you with the scouting stuff. You know, you got to help me
with some of this other stuff as far as the CBA. And so, you know, I ended up doing like probably
three or four guys jobs. And at the time I wasn't really qualified to be doing what I was doing but
you know our team was struggling there wasn't a spotlight on Chicago back then that there is now
I mean so I was doing I was out in the field I was negotiating contracts I was doing the day-to-day
logistics of transactions and stuff and Dale was training to be a GM under Bob Pulford and I was sort of training under Dale to learn how
to be in the front office so I got a lot of opportunity at a young age to kind of spread
my wings and you know when the spotlight wasn't on us so you know we didn't have a great group
there but we were building and you know slowly things started to turn we got you know some some
really talented young players and and obviously then you know things took a turn and, you know, slowly things started to turn. We got, you know, some really talented young players.
And obviously then, you know, things took a turn and, you know,
we had that great run.
Stan, when you said you wanted to be involved in hockey,
did you eventually seeing yourself as a GM?
And this is going to be a two-parter.
Do you feel like all those conversations with your old man,
were you absorbing a lot of the knowledge as to why he was making certain
moves? Like, were you asking questions knowledge as to why he was making certain moves like were you asking questions constantly why he was doing things
yeah i answer to both questions is yeah i mean for me i wanted to be in the management side i i
i knew i didn't have that uh skill set to be a coach now if you think back to you know this is
probably this is the 90s right um the coaching you know, this is probably, this is the nineties, right? The coaching, you know, the,
the personality of the coaches is much different than now.
I mean,
my dad was a pretty fiery guy and I get a lot of intensity and he was more of
a, and back then, I mean, you guys played for coaches like this, I'm sure,
you know, like I think now the modern coach from 2018, that's not,
those coaches weren't around back then and i just
looked around and i said that this isn't me i i'm not this personality like that if i'm going to be
in hockey i'm going to have to be more in the management of the gm side because you know i was
more analytical and i kind of evaluate things i'm not emotional guy that way i don't uh and i didn't
i didn't think i would be a good coach, but, um, I thought
about the skillset you need to have. And yeah, I do, I did remember back to all those things my
dad said over the years. And it was almost like, you know, being, you know, tutoring under the
greatest hockey mind ever. And, um, you know, I look back at those days, not only as a little kid,
but even, you know, as a teenager and into my twenties and, you know, I look back at those days, not only as a little kid, but even, you know,
as a teenager and into my twenties. And, you know, I just learned so much from him and, you know,
it's serving me well, even to this day. Hey, Stan, before we get to one more question,
I just want to talk to the guys out there about Tommy John. It's the holiday season. Everybody's
going to be buying gifts for everybody. I want to give you a few tips. Take care of your loved ones or your friends with some Tommy John underwear. All right.
It's the most comfortable underwear on the planet. It keeps men's package neat and nestled. And
women, you get a panty line and wedgie free. Both the men's and women's underwear sport a no wedgie
guarantee. They're comfortable, stay put, waistbands in a range of fabrics that are luxuriously soft,
feather light, moisture wicking, breathable, and designed to move with you not against you that means no bunching no rolling
and no riding up if you're still on the fence wondering if tommy john would be a memorable gift
think about all the adjusting and tugging you would have to endure or see again i'm legit wearing my
tommy john right now i had him on all day super comfy they keep everything snug as a bug in a rug
no justin all Justin all day. No
Jocelyn. Everything's just perfect for you.
Give the gift of mind-blowing comfort
this holiday season with a limited edition
holiday gift from Tommy John.
Save 20 on your first order at
TommyJohn.com slash
chicklets. That's TommyJohn.com
slash chicklets for 20
off. Well, it's funny you mentioned
how current coaches are. I think in the old school way of things, the off. Well, it's funny you mentioned, you know, how current coaches are.
I think in the old school way of things, the way the assistant acted,
that's kind of how the head coach acts now.
You know, it's buddy, buddy is you're the nice guy assistant.
The head coach is just a prick.
And nowadays it's like even the head coach is buddy, buddy.
But moving along, I thought that was a shot at Babcock.
That's a shot at all the coaches used to torture me. And the who would come up and say, it's okay, Whit, it's okay. But I'm
curious. So Stan, so you're with the Blackhawks, you start in 2001 and it's pretty cool how you're
just, you know, kind of the odd job guy and you're just working your way up. The question I have,
and I've always been so curious, is when Dale Tallon was let go and you came on and the whole issue with the qualifying
offers weren't set in time. I sent in time, excuse me. I just would like to get your perspective on
kind of what happens. Cause I immediately thought, isn't it the secretary who's supposed to send out
the qualifying offers? Like how did that all go down? Yeah. I mean, but I don't remember the exact
details of it, but yeah, I think at the end of the day, though, when something like that happens, you know, it's ultimately it's, I guess, the manager's responsibility.
Although there's a lot of other people that do those steps. Right.
So, yeah, I mean, that's kind of throw stones at anybody.
But I think, you know, when when things don't go wrong at the end of the day, it is the top guy, but it's not like any general manager was ever like taking the letters to
the, to the post office. Right. So yeah,
there was a breakdown in the process there,
but I think when that happens, it, it, you know, I,
I don't know if that ultimately was the, the end of the road for Dale.
I think it was, you know, this is going back in time,
but it was sort of a series of things that it wasn't just one episode.
I think sometimes that's the part that gets misinterpreted in the media is
that like,
it was just one event that caused things to happen and that's usually not the
case.
There's usually more under the surface for why something like, if they make a change of that magnitude,
it's not usually just one event like the qualifying offers.
How's your relationship with Dale these days?
Great. Yeah. I mean,
Dale and I maintained a really good relationship throughout.
I just talked to him the other day. It was a matter of yesterday, actually.
And, you know, we have, like I said, we were good friends for a while,
like both like to golf a lot.
And, you know, he would kick my ass every time we would go play.
He's like
He's a stick, I heard.
He's unbelievable.
I mean, even to this day, I don't know how old he is,
but he can still beat me.
And he's a really  he could have been a professional golfer, I think.
You know, he was that good as a kid, and he kind uh he's a really he could have been a professional golfer i think you know he was that good as a kid and he kind of stuck with it but um no so dale and i have remained good
friends uh throughout the whole process did you feel like the media might have kind of spun it to
where there's like a rivalry there or probably so um you know i think but there never was i mean you could just ask dale the same thing
i'm sure he would say that that's not the case there never was that because i think you know
we helped each other quite a bit like like i said he learned you know some of the specifics and the
the skills that i had and then i learned a lot i mean dale's a fantastic scout i mean he's a great
great hockey mind.
I've enjoyed, you know, over the years,
we used to go to watch junior games together,
and, you know, he's really got a unique talent for that.
So there never was any kind of rivalry.
That was just totally fabricated.
But that's not the first time that's happened to me.
People say things that just aren't accurate,
and, you know,
you,
the media doesn't have all the information and sometimes they can't have all
the information.
And,
uh,
and as a result,
they kind of put pieces together that make sense logically.
And everyone's like,
well,
this is must be what's going on.
But that's why they're all starting burner accounts.
All these GMs.
Well,
not me.
I'm not,
I'm never, what's your burner account?
Stan the man.
Stan McKee the man.
Pussy Crusher 6969.
I don't know if I'd go for that name, but no.
Keeping it political, are we?
Yeah.
This is where we're going to get weird.
This is where we're going to get weird. This is where we're going to get weird.
The gummies kicked in.
Whit took a bam-bam when you jumped on, so things are going to get really weird.
I'm such a pro.
I love it.
Stan, keeping the topic on Chicago, we were told you were Pat Kane's landlord
when he first broke in, or I guess a billet almost.
Is that accurate?
Yeah, yeah.
It must have been pretty wild, huh?
Yeah, I mean, it all came together sort of innocently enough.
So I didn't really know Patrick beforehand, but he's from Buffalo,
which is where I grew up.
My dad knew of him because, you know,
he had been a phenom since he was like
13 years old so he had met Patrick you know a couple years before we drafted him but
um so we we draft him and he comes to training camp and you know back then there was still some
uncertainty whether he was going to go to London or not uh you know we're going to give the nine
game sort of trial and see if he was going to stick in the NHL.
So he had been in the hotel since, you know, early September.
And, you know, the season started.
He made the team, obviously.
And so it's mid-October by this point.
And I just invited him over to my house for dinner one night because I kind of felt bad.
We didn't have a lot of young guys.
It was really Tate and Kane.
And then it was a bunch of  we had a more veteran team at that time.
So he was just by himself in the hotel.
And I think Taser might've went to live with Seabrook or somebody at the time.
I think it was just Patrick in the hotel.
So I invited him over because I just kind of felt bad that he was this kid by himself
in the hotel for six weeks.
So he came over and, you know, I had two, my boys were like two and five years old or something like that.
Really, really young.
And he, Patrick got such a good, you know, he's almost like a kid himself, right?
He was great with them.
You know, he would kind of put up with them playing hockey in the basement and stuff while he was there that
night and then you know after that I was talking to my wife and we just said you know I kind of
feel bad that he's going back to live in a hotel we decided obviously we're going to keep him in
Chicago for the season he was having a great start and he was rookie of the month that first month in
October and he was playing really well and I just said hey you know do you want to stay um and he was playing really well. And I just said, hey, you know, do you want to stay?
And he said, yeah, sure.
Why not?
So it wasn't like we planned it out.
So, you know, he moved in and, you know,
it kind of started the relationship between us. And, you know, he was really good to my kids,
something you never forget.
You know, just the way he would, they'd go down there, you know,
before bed, and they would kind of just barge into his room,
and he's in there just on his computer or whatever.
Oh, is that what the kids are calling it?
No, they're like, hey, Dad.
They're like, Patrick's still asleep.
It's 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
They're like, ah, they won 7-0 at home.
That's Dave Offen.
Dad, whose boots are those at the front door?
There you go.
He was a good
sport. He really was.
It's something that
we went the whole year. Obviously, he had
a great season that year.
Rookie of the year. He
built off that start and um rookie of the year and you know he kind of built off that start and
and kept it going with the truth to the rumor that you uh kept his uh his bonuses his rent money
no no we didn't do that that wasn't so much it i mean he uh closet oh so that was a rumor i'll
scratch that one away there that one yeah well so you know then we you know so the you take over as gm and then 2010
happens an incredible stanley cup win kane scores that goal and immediately i'm assuming usgm
realizes holy shit like we have to trade a good amount of players from this roster that are big
time difference makers when did that i mean i'm assuming i'm assuming you realized it earlier
but when did you kind of understand this is who we want to deal?
Bufflin's got to go things like that.
Yeah. So that's the story of that goes back even earlier than that.
So we hired Kevin Shevelday off.
I hired him as my assistant GM and I remember like the first day on the job.
So we hired him in the summertime.
He was with the wolves and we brought him over.
We sat down in August, and we went through the cap situation.
I said to Chevy, I said, here's the deal.
We're going to have to get rid of a lot of guys,
whether we win the Cup or miss the playoffs.
That was the whole thing about it.
It didn't matter how we did.
Obviously, we were hoping we were going to go all the way but we had to make those changes regardless because of what was happening with
our team and players salaries that were going to be changing we looked at it and we knew
so it was obviously a sort of a fitting ending that but we knew way back i knew in august that
this was going to happen but i i didn't want to
broadcast it to the other teams because you know we had to make some really really tough decisions
and i i had to basically call the other gms and in the best way possible portray it like
you know no big deal we might move a couple guys just but i had no choice. I mean, we were in danger of being over the cap
with no possibility of having a compliant roster.
So we had to move these guys, and we had to move them
for essentially nothing coming back other than draft picks and prospects.
I couldn't take a roster player back because the only reason we were trading
Bufflin and Versteeg and Ladd and Eager and all these guys was because they
made too much money.
It wasn't because we didn't like any of them.
And I think that's,
that's probably the one misconception as well.
We got rid of all these guys.
We had no choice.
We had to make a decision to,
to have a compliant roster for the next,
you know, October when the season
started. So, you know, I was trying to play it cool when I would make my phone calls, but yeah,
it was like a day or two after we won the cup, I called all of them and said, you know, here,
here's a couple of guys I might be moving. I don't have to move them, but you know, I just might
change things up. You know, I'm sure most guys didn't buy it, but some of them, you know,
maybe didn't realize the dire situation we were in.
And this was a long time ago,
and I don't think there was as much analysis of teams' cap situations
as there is now.
So it was tough, though.
I mean, the day or two after that cup victory,
I was making calls to every GM,
kind of figuring out which teams were interested in which guys
and what could I get back for them.
Did any of it vary based on the fact that you had so many guys,
which is not necessarily a bad thing because maybe you got an offer
for one that you hadn't planned on moving,
but it was too good to pass up where it changed the path of everything?
Or did you already have that list of guys you're like this is my core group and then these are the guys i'm gonna move or i guess i'll let you take yeah i think yeah you know i think we
we had to make some hard decisions and decide who we were going to keep and who we were going to
trade and part of it was also which you know guys had the most interest around the league so um
i don't i don't think i'm trying to remember back now i don't think there was one guy that
i was planning on keeping and suddenly i got such a good offer i traded him it was more
um we just tried to make the best deal we possibly could and get some futures um but it was a those
are hard trades to make when you're essentially,
you're talking to another GM and you're, you're trying to paint,
play it cool. Like you don't have to move anybody, but you might move,
you know, Andrew Ladd or Bufflin and they, you know,
I don't know if they believe you totally or not, but I think that's the,
the challenge is trying to get any kind of value when you essentially have no
bargaining or no leverage no speaking of trades june 23rd 2017 a pretty significant date in
blackhawks history as far as trading you know nicholas shawmason was sent to arizona for
conor murphy and organizational death you know shawmason was a known commodity well-liked teammate
still at a couple of years
left at a cheap price,
4.1 mil,
only a little bit more
than Murphy.
What was the reasoning
behind that move
to get rid of such a well-liked,
basically a rock-on defense
to bring in another guy
and, you know,
with only a savings
of a couple hundred thousand?
What was the thinking there?
Yeah, I think it was the,
I mean,
those are hard trades to make.
And I think, you know,
there obviously has been
a lot of talk about that trade and the Panarin trade and like what the challenge for us is
looking forward as opposed to trying to hang on to the past and john merson's a great player i mean
he's the ultimate warrior uh i love him as a player it wasn't like when you make a move like
that it's not like you don't like the player or you don't think he's a good player,
but you're,
you're trying to do what's best for your team in the longterm.
And,
you know,
Murph is,
he was 24 years old.
He had five more years on his deal at a known number,
which was a lower number.
And I think the,
the reality was we were going to have to incorporate some younger players
eventually. We had an older team at that time. You know, we still had Oduya, we still had some
other guys there. So it was the need for us to, you know, turn John Merson, who was a really good
player, into somebody whose best days were ahead of him.
And I think Murph's been hurt this year, unfortunately,
but he's coming back next week.
And I really think he had a tough start to his career in Chicago last year.
I think he wanted to do so well,
and I think it was a challenge for him because he was coming in
and replacing John Merson, who was obviously a favorite.
And I think, you know, I'm not sure Murph got a fair shake early.
I think there's a lot of sort of, I don't know if we could do that over again
and might have used him differently.
But we are where we are now, and I think he's really going to flourish.
And, you know, his best days are ahead of him.
And I think that's what we're trying to look forward as opposed to hanging on to what was good stan i'm not trying
to stir the pot here either uh i i feel that that jarmelson trade was kind of when the the rumors or
the talk circulated that there was a little bit of butting heads between you and q because he
fucking loved jarmelson a lot to love about that guy he thought he was one of those
core pieces and was that kind of a little riff was there a little conflict in that one
yeah no I'm glad you asked because I do want to kind of cover that topic because um no Joel wasn't
happy that we traded John Wilson I've never said that but to think that that caused like a rift is not accurate in the sense that, you know,
every coach and manager is going to disagree on things throughout the season.
I mean, just think, even you guys on the show, you guys don't agree on everything,
but it doesn't mean you can't work together.
Well, I mean, have you heard R.A. Simpson's jokes?
Like, fuck, come on. Come on, Stan, you laugh't work together. Have you heard R.A. Simpson's jokes? Like, fuck, come on.
Come on, Stan, you laugh.
There you go.
It doesn't mean that there's like a rift.
I think Joel, he knew what he had in John Morrison,
and he loved the way he played, as did I.
But I was looking forward as opposed to just that next year and
i think that's always probably the biggest push and pull between a manager and between a coach
which is coaches want to win they want to win tomorrow night they're not interested in even
a month from now they don't care they want to win the game tomorrow and they want to they want the
best lineup to win the best players because they go game to game. And I want to win tomorrow too.
But I also want to  I don't want to sacrifice everything for tomorrow
and then be in a real tough spot.
I've got to look down the road as well as where we are today.
So, you know, Joel was unhappy about that.
But we moved on from it and we had had it wasn't like something that lingered like you like
you guys can have a disagreement and be really pissed about it but then like a day or two go by
and then you're like all right well moving on like and so there was never any truth to the fact that
there was this rift between us like we so i would say for the the number of years we were together, we had very few sort of big-time disagreements.
And you have your little things here and there,
but I wouldn't characterize it as a rocky relationship between Joel and I.
I know it's been portrayed that way.
It's just that's not the reality of it.
That's interesting to hear.
And you know how the rumor mill goes in hockey. You hear one thing, and it's like the game of it. That's interesting to hear. And you know how the rumor, the rumor mill goes
in hockey here, one thing, and it's like the game of telephone. It just turns into something bigger
and bigger as you move on. I'm wondering though, you, you kind of glossed over quickly the Panarin
trade and that's what a lot of people talk about. Yarmulson was one thing, but Panarin's, you know,
he's been in Columbus and had moments of being a superstar and him and Kane had that,
that special connection. I'm just curious, you guys signed him out of the KHL.
I was actually playing over there that year and said,
this kid is like, there's no question he was an NHLer
and probably a star at that.
So you obviously loved him enough to bring him over.
And then when you moved him, what had kind of changed to make that decision?
Was it just money that he was going to make or was it more falling out of,
he fell out of favor with, with,
with,
with you or Quenville?
How did that all come about?
No,
like that.
I'm glad you asked that one,
Ryan,
because it,
once again,
a little bit of misunderstanding there.
I think when a,
when a player is traded,
it doesn't mean that there is necessarily anything negative.
Like we just made a trade the other day too.
We can talk about that.
And we traded Nick Schmaltz and they think,
well, you must, you must've because of A, B, and C.
And it wasn't really any of those reasons.
But in the Panarin deal, there was no  he didn't fall out of favor at all.
I mean, he's a great player. But I think the situation was we didn't have any playoff success with him.
And it was not his fault at all.
I mean, it wasn't like we lost because of Panarin.
But even though our team played well,
sometimes it looks really good.
And it's not to say we couldn't have kept him another year or two,
but I knew that we weren't going to be able to keep him
because of the salary
cap. You know, he is where he is now.
He's going to probably make 10, 10 plus million next year,
which is great for him. You know, I think he's a, he's a superstar.
There's no question about that, but with the structure of our team,
we can't afford another guy in that pay grade where we're at.
So I'm looking down the road and thinking if we hold on to him,
then we could have held him maybe one more year,
but then we'd be in the position going into the last year of his deal.
I felt we were going to be able to get a player,
and Saad is a different player, understandably.
He's not as electrifying, but he's a really good player. And we,
we did have a lot of success with him. Now it wasn't all because of Brandon.
But I think, you know, sometimes your team performs better, you know,
when you have a different makeup,
it's not always about just who you get a couple hundred point guys and off you
go. That's actually usually not the recipe for
the teams that win the stanley cup you know and we're we want to get back to that point you know
we're we understand what it feels like to have that ultimate success and our goal is to get
to the stanley cup again and win and you look back at those teams we had you know we didn't really have even
caves and cane they didn't have uh you know 90 100 point seasons when we won the cup it was it
was we did it through a different way and that's not the only way to do it but i just think looking
at the likelihood that we were going to be able to keep Panarin beyond this season, I didn't see that as a likely option.
So there was no disappointment.
He's a great player.
He's so fun to watch.
He did have great chemistry with Patrick.
But it's not always about just one thing.
We're trying to build a team that can win.
And you guys have been on teams as well.
You understand that sometimes it doesn't always work
with just have trying to get one or two guys and score all the points you're trying to get a team
that can be tough to play against by having you know a lot of different ways to win so you know
along with with other things going on with the Blackhawks the biggest story this year has been
the firing of Quenville and and I'm curious, I know people ask, you know,
what was it like to let a guy go?
And obviously it's brutal, but I'm wondering in the room,
two guys have been together, been with each other for three Stanley Cups,
a dynasty over 10 years.
What was his reaction?
I mean, I don't know if you're willing to say,
but how difficult was it when you're actually sitting there man to man
and tell him, like, this is it?
It was really hard.
It was probably the
hardest conversation i've had to have um and you know i was obviously prepared for how you're gonna
what you're gonna say how you're gonna say and um and it was still it was an emotional time i mean
we had a lot of incredible moments together and i have a lot of appreciation for the job that Joel did
I mean there's no way we win those cups without Joel I mean but by no means do I
try to minimize his contribution he was a huge part of it um and I think that's what made it
hard I mean it was it was emotional on both our sides and I think you know there's disappointment
that I think was fair to characterize I mean he was disappointed but I think, you know, there's disappointment that I think was fair to characterize.
I mean, he was disappointed, but I think there's also, happen again, really. I mean, I think the sport has changed.
The game has changed in the last 10 years to think that there's going to be a group together, you know, for that long to have that much success.
It's possible it could, but I think it's going to be really unusual.
So the fact that it even lasted that long is a testament to, you know, the fact that we did work well together and he was an incredible coach.
But, you know, you look at where we're headed and, you know, I just, I made the decision that
we needed something different from what we had for a long time. And that doesn't minimize or
diminish Joel's value as a coach. It just means for where we're at right now and where we're
heading,
I didn't think we were going to get there continuing on the same path.
Dan, I know sometimes if a GM is feeling heat, he might be trying to save his own ass or whatever.
He might make a move like that, firing the coach. But what was the reason or reasons you actually did fire Joe? What did you tell him the reason you fired him for or reasons?
reasons you actually did fire fire joe what did you tell him the reason you fired him for or reasons well no i mean i think as far as trying to save yourself like people ask me that about my job
security and i always say like i'm gonna keep working until they tell me they don't want me
here anymore and that that's the only way i know how to do it so i'm not doing anything
you know i don't do things quickly. Like I don't
just jump to conclusions on trades or on coaching changes or anything like that's not my style.
So anything I do now is in the long-term interest. And I think we're looking at our team and looking
at what we need. We're not the same team that we were a couple years ago. We have a different group of players.
We have a lot of younger, a lot of inexperienced players.
And I just think the way that the game is trending right now,
we need someone with a different skill set to try to tap into
and bring more out of this group.
And, you know, for that reason,
ultimately that's how we ended up where we are today.
And having Jeremy as our new coach, you know,
he's much different than Joel.
The way he approaches the game is the things that he stresses
versus the things that Joel stresses.
You know, his style is, is different. And I think, you know, it's,
it's not easy changing in midstream.
Like you don't have a lot of time to try to incorporate some things you want
to change. And, you know, guys that have been here for a while,
it's not easy to change, you know,
they essentially played one way and their habits are pretty ingrained in playing one way for a long, long time.
So to suddenly flip the switch and say, okay, we're going to do something different.
Now here's where I want to play with limited practices.
I think that's sort of what we're seeing right now.
We're a little bit caught in both worlds with some of our veterans,
and we need to make some progress there.
Our team isn't performing the way we need it to.
And it's going to come.
Obviously, I would hope it comes soon, but it will eventually come
once they can kind of incorporate and it becomes more effortless to play.
Right now, there's still some element of thinking too much.
And as you guys know, it's really hard to play hockey when you're thinking.
And I think, you know, for that reason,
we're not seeing the performance and the results that we want right now,
but we've got to stick with it.
You know, it's been a few weeks since the coaching change.
I know a lot of times when a team, you know, the new guy comes in, the team kind of has, you know, a renewed effort.
They're kind of trying to impress the new guy.
You know, I've been watching the Blackhawks a little.
I've talked to a few other media folks.
I don't know that there's been such a significant change with the Blackhawks.
I know, what's today's Thursday?
The other night, I think it was Wednesday night or Thursday, Jeremy called and said, you know, I'm not new here anymore.
I've been here long enough to basically get pissed off and yell at this team.
But, you know, has there been much of a change in the way the team plays
if this guy's, you know, getting pissed off at the team already?
Well, I think that the frustration is not so much.
Like, other than one game, which the other night we played Vegas at home,
I thought the effort that night was poor.
But if you look at the other games we've played, 11 games, I think.
So in 10 of the 11, we've really competed hard.
The effort level hasn't been an issue in 10 of the 11 games.
The issue has been some of the fundamental, simplistic things that we've tried to implement.
And it's been 10, 11 11 games and they're making similar mistakes
and but a lot of it is things we're asking them to do differently than before and it's i think
he's frustrated that like guys this isn't rocket science like you played hockey a long time i'm
asking you to do some different things but um let's go. Let's figure it out here. It's not that complicated.
And I think that was just frustration the other night.
It was just, you know, we scored five goals in Winnipeg.
We lose 6-5.
You shouldn't lose when you score five goals.
But, you know, we're making some simplistic errors,
and that's costing us.
So the effort level, i can't question that
they're into it it's just we're shooting ourselves in the foot and we've got to tighten that up if
we want to have better results and stand another trade between the arizona coyotes and chicago
blackhawks like holy shit dude you got you must love the guys in Arizona I know everyone asked me
if John and Jake and I have some special history together and I really don't I mean I met him we
took over the job but it's not like we're long long lost friends um you know there's no specific
reason it's really more random or circumstantial they just you know they have a lot of players
you know they've drafted a lot of players, you know, they've
drafted a lot of players in the last six, seven years. They've had a lot of pretty high picks. So,
you know, they can't all fit there. And I think they've had a desire to move some guys around.
And as a result, you know, for us, like there's some teams that just aren't good trading partners
because they've been in a similar trajectory as Chicago the last couple of years.
And Arizona is in a different mindset.
So I think we're good trading partners from that perspective.
It's not like we won't trade with the Red Wings.
But for a while there, we were sort of chasing it at the same time.
So they weren't good trade partners.
But I think it's sort of random. But yeah, we have had a lot of deals with them in the last couple of seasons.
Well, Nick Schmaltz was the guy who, you know, did get traded.
And you look at his, his effort in some games,
it looks like he's going to be a superstar and there's some,
some games you just really don't notice him. I think there is inconsistency.
I'm curious to kind of your response. I read a quote by him I brought up last week on the podcast that said, it feels pretty good knowing you're in a good organization that wants you to be here, that wants you to succeed. I mean, to me, that makes it sound like I didn't feel that that was the case in Chicago. What do you think about that quote?
uh yeah i'm not sure what nick's talking about there i mean i you know i'm i agree that you can read into that that um and take it that way i mean we certainly wanted him to do well i we
you know we traded up to get him in the draft like we we really were high on him and you know he
he had a pretty good opportunity he played with kaner a lot so i i don't know maybe he didn't
feel that we wanted him but but I don't want to
speak for him. I mean, he said what he said. And all I can say is from our perspective,
we wanted him to do well. And it wasn't really that we were disappointed in him.
You know, like I said, that's maybe the narrative out there that's not accurate. Like it wasn't
that, boy, we got to get rid of Nick Schm nick smalls it was more what we're trying to build up our our depth at forward and we've got a lot of really high-end defensemen on the way in the
next year or two we don't have as many forwards so like how are you going to get two good promising
players you're not going to get them by just giving them a fifth round draft pick like you
got to give something up to get two guys and we we have  I really believe that both Perlini and Strom
are going to fit in here as we go forward in the next couple years
and help us in a way.
Not that Nick couldn't have helped us, but, you know,
we're at a point in our organization where getting the two guys,
I just felt was a really good opportunity.
So it wasn't so much disappointment in Nick.
It was more, how are we going to pull that off?
And Nick was a player that Arizona's called us about quite a bit,
and we were never interested in moving him.
But I think you've got to reassess your team all the time.
Like, you know, they called last year a couple times,
and it didn't fit for us at that time.
We wasn't looking to move him.
But now I look at we don't have as much strength in our young forwards.
And I think that the way we can improve our team with bringing in two young
guys,
how are you going to accomplish it?
Well,
that's what it took.
Stan,
can I ask you about Stromer?
Like,
what do you see him being?
And,
and,
and it's probably a little bit difficult because you had the end of last
season to get a sample size of them.
And then this year,
just based off their center situation, he hasn't really been getting those reps on the
first two lines so it's like it's hard you didn't really get those matchups like what where do you
think he can top off yeah i think he's i mean i really were expecting him to be slide in as their
number two center behind jonathan and i think um you know that's part of the situation. They have a lot
of centers there. I mean, I know Dvorak's shirt, but even when he comes back, they got a lot of
guys in the middle. So, you know, I think for us, we don't have that depth in the middle with
younger players that they do. So as a result, I love his skill set. I love his creativity, his passing, his offensive instincts.
You know, I think a lot of people make his skating out to be the issue
and his pace of play.
I mean, obviously he's not Connor McDavid with the skating.
But when he gets up to speed, his skating is fine.
It's maybe just, you know, quickness off the mark.
But that can improve you
know over time so that's there wasn't a big issue with us and that i think you know just watching
him the couple games he's played he's made some really nice like oh yeah i would characterize it
like he's one of those guys when he's skating all of a sudden there's a puck bounces loose comes to
him he knows that next play he doesn't have to pick his head up, look around,
figure out what to do with it.
He knows where to go with it right away.
That's a pretty unique, you have that or you don't have it.
Like it's really hard.
You can't necessarily train that into a player.
He's got the reading of the game.
He's got the hands and the skill set.
Now it's just a matter of taking the next step and
you know doing it consistently you know he did it at the end of last year and you know this year i
went to watch some of his games and you know he didn't he actually played fine in the games he
didn't play a ton of minutes no he didn't he played fourth line center and their line was
probably the most effective line when they were going and obviously probably because of the
matchups that he had but like to touch on your point about his like you could just tell he has
that hockey sense and that skill set where he can slow things down that not a lot of people have you
have to be born with that you can't just all of a sudden get it if he's i think if he's able to
gain that extra extra step and maybe a little bit more meanness kind of like taves you know like
taves like he fucking wants to win and And you can see that, like he'll,
he'll get in there. He'll mix it up. If he can just get that extra step.
I think, I think you got a player on your hands.
Yeah. Well, and that's what we obviously hope playing with Jonathan,
like, you know, Johnny was that way right when he came into the league,
like he's a really determined,
I think what makes him such a good player is he's got such a
strong will I mean he he wants it so bad and he's really competitive and you know that's something
that you can learn from that you can be around that and you see why he's so effective and why
he's been such a good player in this league for so long you're right like he when he gets in the
battle he finds a way to stay in the
battle and you know it's not always pretty but he finds a way you know to keep that puck alive and
I think it's like the determination and I think that's something that maybe it maybe that's not
a strength of Dylan's right now but I also see a a willingness like the thing I like about about him that I've known him very briefly here is
he loves hockey and I think that I've found that's not the case with every young player like he's
passionate about the game he watches hockey 24-7 he knows everything about who's playing well for
the Dallas Stars he can tell you you know what stick, what curve they use. He's really into the game.
And guys like that, I think you have a good chance
when they're around other guys like Johnny,
it's the same way, he's really into the sport.
Hopefully he can help mentor him.
Stan, the team was swept by Nashville in the first round of the 17 playoffs.
Didn't make the playoffs last season for the first time in 10 years.
What do the Hawks have to do to return to being a top-tier contender?
You know, and despite the three cups you guys have in the last decade,
will the fans have the patience for a sort of, you know,
on-the-fly retooling here?
Well, yeah, that playoff series was obviously a real eye-opener for us.
You know, I think.
I know.
I bet you guys.
I got crushed.
We let you down there.
Send some of Kane's rent money over.
We did.
We scored, what, three goals in four games, I think.
We got shut out both games at home.
I mean, I remember that series well.
I think part of it was we just,
we were too slow to sort of take seriously that we might lose.
And we lost game one, 1-0.
I remember it was sort of a fluky goal.
We had a ton of chances.
Couldn't score.
So, you know, game two, you're still feeling pretty good.
You're feeling like, all right, we just got to stick with it
and we're going to be fine.
And we got hammered 5-0 maybe or 5 or 6-0 at home.
And it was like, wow, now we're going to be fine. And we got hammered five, nothing maybe, or five or six, nothing at home. And it was like,
wow,
now we're going to Nashville.
And it's,
it's almost like what's going on here.
And I think before you knew it,
we had scored three goals in four games.
And it was,
you know,
that was really,
it was an eye opener that,
you know,
things had to change.
Like we weren't just going to come back because we had come back the years
before. And we weren't just going to win because we had won before. you know, things had to change. Like, we weren't just going to come back because we had come back the years before.
We weren't just going to win because we had won before.
Like, we needed something different.
We needed to change.
You know, I think we didn't.
We were too stuck in just sticking with it.
And I think, you know, and obviously last year, you know,
a lot of things went wrong last year.
It didn't help that we didn't have a goalie for half the year.
But even besides that, we didn't  we just didn't modify our
you know, the game changes.
That's the one thing I think people don't recognize
and maybe the media doesn't pick up on it quickly enough
is the game changes every year right in front of your eyes.
Guys that were good players a year ago aren't good.
And guys that weren't good are now better.
Like, you know, things change and you have to adapt to them.
And the ability to adapt your game to what's working is, you know,
where we're at right now.
Like, we've got to find a little bit of a different sort of blueprint
than we had before.
I think we had, you know, we had more of a veteran team in the years past
and we played a certain way and it worked great.
But it doesn't mean that it's always going to work.
And I think that's where we're at now is we're trying to, you know,
change up a little bit and hopefully have some more success going forward.
Stan, do you have a favorite Stanley Cup?
Would it be 2015 just because you feel like maybe you had more
of your fingerprints all over it?
Not for that reason, but I do think the 15 Cup,
I don't want to say that was such a grind.
That was so hard to win that year.
I mean, like the 2010 team, it's almost like just everything sort of went,
it was almost like the magical season.
Everything went right.
And then in 2013, that was the shortened year,
and we came out of the gate like gangbusters.
We had 24 games without a loss to start the year.
So that was sort of like, that never happens.
Rarely is the team that is good from day one,
do they end up winning the Cup.
Usually, you know, they stumble in the second round or the third round.
You know, it's like that never happens where the team,
the number one team from game one goes all the way,
pillar to post, and wins the Cup.
But the fifth team was like  it was just just so it was such a grind i mean that the tampa final was
you know in the anaheim series before that like there was just so many so many touch and go games
and it's just so many overtime triple overtime games like it was such a grind to get there that
i think when you finally when we finally finally won it, it was at home.
We won the first two cups on the road, you know?
So I think it was almost like a sense of relief.
The first two cups are more like joy. Like, wow, it was incredible.
What a, how much fun this was. That third one was just like, Oh my God,
thank God. Like this was such a grind. So, you know,
it wasn't so much because my fingerprints
it was just the kind of the way it all went went about and now you know we've had a couple years
and we haven't had success you kind of realize people don't realize how hard it is to win it's
so hard to to get all the way to the cup and then win it. And I remember talking to Peter Shirely after the 2013 final,
it was like in the summertime. And he said, you know,
we played just as many games as you did.
And we had just as short a summer as you guys do, but you guys won the cup.
We didn't win anything, you know? And it, and it was like, you know,
the way we won that cup too, you know, they had that game,
they were sending it back to Chicago for game seven and we scored those two goals.
And, you know, it was, it was just, it was interesting.
And it was, it goes to show you that such a fine line between winning and losing.
You can be a great team.
There's been several great teams in the last couple of years, you know, but that haven't even made the final, let alone won a cup.
Some teams have made the final, haven't won a cup.
And it's just like, it makes you appreciate how difficult it is to win the Stanley Cup.
Well, this is kind of a question I'm always interested to hear from GMs.
I've never actually asked another one this because you're our first,
but in the way GMs talk to coaches in the league
and after games I don't know how you do it after every game if you talk to your coaching staff or
the head coach or after every five games I'm wondering for you do you hear from the owner
you know rocky words do you hear from John McDonough the president of the Blackhawks I mean
if you guys go on a skid all of a sudden are you hearing from them does it work the same way that
maybe a GM talks to a coach?
Well, I don't know how it is elsewhere.
I can just tell you how it is.
Rocky is unbelievable as far as an owner.
I mean, he does not get in the way of anything.
He wants to be informed of what's going on.
But other than that, he's incredibly supportive.
I mean, I've just heard stories that it's not that way.
Other places, like, they weigh in on doing this, doing that.
Rocky doesn't do that.
I mean, he lets people do their jobs. So I can't say anything but great things about him.
And John McDonough is the same way.
I mean, John's incredibly supportive.
And, you know, even this tough time we're going through right now,
I talked to John this morning, and he said,
we're going to break through. You've got to stick with it. You know, we're going through right now. I talked to John this morning and he said, we're going to break through.
You got to stick with it.
You know, we're in this together.
I see things turning around.
And I mean, he asked a lot of questions.
John probably asked more questions than Rocky does,
but there are questions just wanting to understand
sort of the thought process.
Never, never tells us to do anything.
He's not that kind of a guy.
You know, so I've heard stories from other GMs
just that they don't have that same experience.
You know, for me, I'm fortunate, I guess,
to have the relationship that I do with John and Rocky
because they've been incredibly supportive.
And for me, with the coach, you know, after games, it's pretty emotional.
I mean, I'll go down and talk, usually just to kind of find out,
are there any injuries, do we need to make any changes,
or is anything dramatic?
But other than that, I try to wait until the next day.
And I think usually you have a more productive conversation,
kind of go through.
They've watched the game again, and their thoughts on the game
sometimes have changed from what they were in the moment.
You know, you have an instinct as a coach that, you know,
this guy was brutal tonight, and you might just remember the one bad play,
and then you watch the video, and the guy actually did a lot of really good things.
One mistake, and you remember that mistake so i think the next day it's just it's a more productive
conversation i think that i found that that's more successful stands you know sports fans are
a pretty fickle breed and pro sports is very much a you know what have you done for me lately
business you know despite the success you had in chicago do you know, what have you done for me lately business, you know, despite the success you had in Chicago,
do you feel the fans have perhaps turned against you recently?
I don't know if that's true. I mean, I know there's,
I'm sure that there's frustration and you come to expect a level of
performance. You know, we've, we've had really strong teams for a long time.
And I think, you know, in that, in the process of that, you know we've we've had really strong teams for a long time and i think you know in that
in the process of that you know going back to 2009 10 you know we've we've captured a new fan
base like a younger there's obviously that core group of fans that have been there forever and
i think what happened was we had this new group and really all they experienced was success.
You know, we won in 10 and we won in 13 and we almost won in 14.
It was the year we lost to L.A. in game seven.
And then we won in 15.
So they're sort of only used to a lot of success.
So I think it's understandable.
I mean, like I'm a fan of sports, too.
And when you're when your team doesn't do well, it's frustrating.
So I get it. And I mean, I think the one thing that you don't ever want to happen is for the
passion to go away. And even if it's frustration and even if they're mad, at least they care about
your team. And, you know, it wasn't always that way in those early years were sort of lean.
And I think as a result, you you know even though there's been some
tough times lately for sure and I know there's some people that aren't happy with me um you know
at the end of the day you got to do what you think is best to try to bring better results and then
when you win everyone's happy you know so that's really what we're focused on getting this thing
turned around and getting better results. But I get it.
I realize where the fans are at, and I understand.
We thought you were just going to start teeing off on them.
And I agree with your younger generation crowd
because we've been selling a shit ton of those Firestam Bowman t-shirts.
So on that note  oh, nothing?
Nothing?
Okay, I thought we lost. No, no, no, nothing, nothing.
No, no, no, no, no. I'm sure there's a,
there's a market for that out there right now, especially with some people, but you look, you can't change what you're doing. Um,
that's part of the business. I get it. I've been around it. I mean, my,
my dad sort of taught me a long time ago.
If you try to do what you think the fans are going to be happy with,
you're never going to,
it's never going to work because you know,
you can do something that is going to get positive reviews in the short
term.
But if you don't think it's really good for the longterm,
that's what matters because at the end of the day,
you got to do what you think is right.
Cause there's always people that are going to throw stones at you. No matter, even if you make the best decision, there's people in the,
you can go back in time and look at it, but no one ever, no one ever sort of raises their hand
and say, Hey, I remember when I was so critical and I was wrong. Look, that decision that I said
was the worst decision in the world, I got that one wrong.
People don't do that.
They just sort of keep quiet.
But when they criticize you and they're right,
they praise themselves.
Like, I told you so.
I told you guys.
Look, I said it back two years ago.
I told you this.
But if you go back and look at it,
they also said a lot of things that were way off,
but they don't ever broadcast that.
And that's what I get it. You need to reload and win two more Stanley Cups.
Sure.
Sure.
And that's part of it.
I get it.
There's no guarantee you would have even done anything if you
we won't know that.
So it's something we can debate.
But I just  I can't get bogged down with that
because that's,
that's just not the way I operate.
Well, Stan, I think, you know,
people know that to be involved in pro sports,
you got to have thick skin.
And I, I, I know that what you've done with the Blackhawks,
three Stanley cups, that dynasty,
we talked about a bunch of hall of famers have been with the team.
And so I think the true fans know how special of a run it's been
and understand that it can't go on forever.
And a lot of times it's the vocal minority.
It's people that are loud and loud about subjects that they're pissed off about.
But either way, I think everyone would have to respect you coming on here
and answering some of the questions that I'm sure a lot of Blackhawks fans have.
And we can't thank you enough, so we appreciate it.
Yeah, I enjoyed it
guys no problem anytime thanks a lot Stan if you're looking for a fourth line left winger
just can't skate or fight anymore or shoot the puck well you know what though Biz you used to
play defense we could always maybe use some help back there too like when did you when did you make
the switch there was it it was right after I was a two-time
ECHL All-Star with the Wheeling Nailers
and then, I don't know, Pittsburgh thought,
hey, let's just make this guy a mutant
and then I did that for him because I'm a team guy, Stan.
Stan, will the team
let him wear
advertisements all over his jersey
because I think that's what Biz will want to do.
Well, we might have to make an exception
there because he's got his own brand, and it's a popular one.
So nothing wrong with that.
But thank you so much, and we appreciate it.
And thanks for listening.
Continue to listen.
Maybe we can get on Taves or Kane.
If you tell them, we'll chicklet's bump.
People will catch fire when they come on this podcast.
Maybe they'll want to follow my footsteps.
They'll probably be more interesting than me,
so they might want to.
I'll be a good one to follow.
All right, thanks again, man. And Stan, Biz20 promo code for 20 off Eagle Energy follow my footsteps, they'll probably be more interesting than me. I'll be a good one to follow.
Biz20 promo code for 20 off Eagle Energy and
Herbal Active. I'll shoot you
the message. I'll get right
on that. Thanks.
That interview was also brought to you by Omaha Steaks.
Guys and gals, it's that
time of the year again. The holidays are upon us.
You want to get a nice gift for your family members.
Everybody likes steak. That's why you want to get a nice gift for your family members, and everybody likes steak.
That's why you want to reach out to Omaha Steaks
and get the awesome package deal that they're giving us this year
right now for Chicklets listeners.
Listen to this, man.
You get four hand-cut, aged to tenderness, top sirloin steaks,
two savory premium pork chops, four chicken fried steaks,
four Omaha Steak burgers, four snappy kielbasa sausages, all beef meatballs, four
perfectly brown potatoes au gratin, four made from scratch caramel apple salads. Plus you get four
more burgers just for free. Total value of that is nearly 200. But right now you can get it for
just 49.99. If you go to Omaha Steaks and enter the code CHICKLETS into the search bar. Again,
this is an amazing deal. Omaha Steaks, they the code CHICKLETS into the search bar. Again, this is an amazing deal.
Omaha Steaks, they've been in business for five generations.
They've been around for 100 years.
They're an American institution, and they're also one of the best gifts
you can use this Christmas season, Hanukkah, whatever.
Whatever family members you want to get, again, everybody loves steaks.
So once again, go to omahasteaks.com, enter the code CHICKLETS
in the search bar.
You'll get 74 off the Omaha Steaks family gift package.
Normally 195.
You'll get it for 49.99.
You can't beat it.
So get on the internet and do it today.
omahasteaks.com.
Enter the code CHICKLETS.
Well, thank you very much to Stan Bowman.
That's huge for us to get a real-life GM on in the National Hockey League.
There's obviously some tough questions that he had to answer.
I think we're not the actual hardest question askers in the world.
We usually stay pretty light on this,
but obviously with the way things have gone for the Blackhawks,
you've got to respect him coming on and giving his opinion
on why he made certain moves.
Biz, that most recent move, what do you actually think about that?
I feel like you love the Yotes in that deal.
I do, but before that, were you guys kind of curious to how many notches Kaner had in this guy's basement?
7,000.
I kind of wanted to ask.
That would have been like the final straw.
Like, guys, come on.
We should have gave him like an ultimate.
I mean, you had to answer that?
Or who's got the biggest wrench in the organization?
Dude, it probably would have been that Akeem Alou.
Didn't that kid have a wrench?
He was on the Blackhawks for a little bit.
Yeah, apparently he does have a weapon.
Yeah, so what?
I do like the trade for the Oats.
I think that the upside on the trade,
I think Schmaltz could potentially be a first-line center.
I know people in Chicago, after seeing what he's done there this year,
are like, oh, no way.
You know, he played with Kane, couldn't produce.
He's looked very good with the Oats.
He's got a couple other dynamic players on his line right now
in Keller and Galchenyuk.
He's got four points in his three games so far.
I think that he can max out at first-line center.
I think that we at least got a second-line center of NHL caliber.
Going back, if Strom can scale up,
I think that maybe he can be a second line center.
I don't think that he'll be a first line center
at the National Hockey League level.
That's not a knock on him.
I think that's a compliment if anyone could be a second line center
at the NHL level.
As far as Perlini's concerned,
I don't know if he's going to find his consistency in Chicago.
I like this trade for the Arizona Coyotes.
And you don't need to worry about signing two guys.
Now you've got to just focus on the one guy that you like,
and Chayka had Schmaltz on his radar for a while,
and finally after a slow start he was able to get him and move two pieces
that he wasn't confident that were going to scale up to what Coyotes needed.
So I like this trade a lot for the Oats.
Credit John Chayka.
He's done a lot of fucking good moves since he's been with the Coyotes
and does not have a lot of salary to play with yeah it was fun talking with a gm
obviously we deal with players all the time a couple other random celebrities we'll get to
later in the week but uh i enjoy talking with him i enjoy getting into his background and
doing basically with with a gm what we usually do with a player and and yeah and kudos to him
for making himself available to us i know we've been talking to some other
media. Like you said, Wits, we're not traditional
media. I was appreciative
that he came out with us. It was good
stuff. I hope the fans like it.
Speaking of that, the reason why the
Coyotes won on Saturday night,
I ran into Harry Knuckles in the
hallway going into the rink.
Those knuckles
will melt your skull i actually thinks he think
he's trimmed him up a little bit he's uh i think he's scaling up towards playoffs he's gonna get
get ready for but uh i uh he he said he'd caught wind that his name was mentioned on the podcast
he wasn't really kind of loved it i feel like people you know in those types of uh it rolls
when all of a sudden they become
a household name and now
Coyotes fans are aware of who
this guy is and how the team rallied around
him when we made our run there. I think
it's probably cool for him. He seemed like he was
pretty pumped about it. I wouldn't imagine
he has social media. I could
picture
he probably heard about the podcast.
He's like, fuck, man, I got to trim these up.
And then he's up in his bathroom and his wife sees it.
She just turns around like, ah.
She just stays silent.
She's just fist bumping.
He's finally shaving those fucking things.
Jesus, peanut butter and boogers stuck in them usually.
Harry Knuckles.
What's his actual name?
Harry?
No, no idea.
We just call him Harry Knuckles.
Knuckles.
What's his actual name?
Harry?
No, no idea.
We just call him Harry Knuckles.
So people who didn't listen to the podcast where we talked about him,
he's a guy who works at the rink.
He works security. When you're heading in and you're passing the away team's locker room,
he would always give you Knuckles.
And I thought I was the only one getting Knuckles.
I thought I was his favorite player.
Well, that wasn't the case because one day in the locker room,
Bratislav Kuzla was like, hey, does anyone get knuckles from that guy
by the away room?
And everyone's like, oh, yeah, yeah.
And he's like, man, that guy's got hairy knuckles.
And the whole room burst out laughing because everyone, I think,
thought that they were the only one getting the knuckles.
And sure enough, we rallied around him.
And we were, of course, in the locker room before the game.
Let's fucking do this for knuckles, boys.
Come on.
Do it for Harry Knuckles.
I fucking love your Eastern accent.
When you do Eastern European accents, Biz, those are
Harry Knuckles.
By the way, if you're a guy and you're like 30 or older,
you should already have a fucking beard, nose, and fucking ear hair trimmer.
I mean, I don't know what he trimmed them with,
but I see dudes sometimes with, like, fucking hair coming out of the ears.
It's like, bro, you got to fucking trim that.
Dude, you had hair coming out of your ears that was, like,
touching me when we were back on your couch in the beginning of this podcast.
Nah, nah.
Do you manscape all right?
Downstairs?
No, like, overall.
Like, what about?
Yeah.
No, I mean, I keep my beard trimmed.
But, no, I definitely like nose hair, ear hair. Like, what about? Yeah. No, I mean, I keep my beard trim, but no, I definitely like nose here.
I hate that.
Like, I'll have fucking 19 days growth on my face, but my ears and nose and even my eyebrows.
You got to stay on top of that.
Otherwise, you'll look like fucking Andy Rooney.
Could you imagine walking in an RA shaving a sack?
I'm so adamant about shaving my sack because at least it makes it look a little bigger.
I'm like, jeez, a monster bush, all of a sudden you shave it back.
I just cut like a half an inch more.
Old punch that trick.
I use the clippers where I get it down to like I put the one on it, the one guard,
and I trim up my hoop too because, I mean, I'm a bit of a savage.
I kind of like getting that old rushy trombone once in a while so i always keep it that's a classy move you don't
need a complete jungle down there oh yeah no no still listening actually i won't even say i won't
even say who told me to do this i tried it once it's unbelievable but there's a big time back
there's a there's a bad thing that happens with it. God, I wish I could say who does this and told me to do it.
Either way, nair, right?
Oh, jeez.
You nair up your hoop, dude,
and then you go in there with like a face cloth,
and you just rub it all out, and you just spend time in there,
and then it is just a complete smooth cornhole for a long time.
The only bad part is I think it grows back worse.
Double thicker.
Is that a wives' tale?
No, it grows back worse, man.
The only way to properly do it, I wish I could get it lasered.
I took the words right out of my mouth.
I wish you could get electrolysis from your fucking waist down. Well, you can.
Imagine getting doggy style up on a doctor's bench getting your asshole
lasered.
Hey, it's like a kid
I know that had a hemorrhoid and he had to get it
worked on. Dude, he said there was two
nurses, legit, both mid-20s
smoke shows that were
holding open his five-hole so the
doctor could get in there and work on it.
It was the most embarrassing
moment of my life, bar none.
Two rockets just like, look at
this kid. You have to hold his
hoop open?
I had some guy shit I had to get tended to.
Urology related stuff
and I had seen a couple different guys. It's fine.
Nothing fucking major.
Sure, sure it is. Usually, no. It's fine. Nothing fucking major. Sure. Sure.
Sure it is. Sure it is. Usually, no.
I was not cancerous or anything like that.
Your second pee hole? To get my nuts
checked because I thought I felt the growth in my nuts.
By the way, now that we're saying it, if you do,
guys should check their nuts in the shower.
I'm not even kidding. Okay. Keep going.
So anyways, just a little fucking health
advice from the boys.
This 20 promo code, you can go check out RA's doctor. just a little fucking health advice from the boys. And I went in. There's a 20 promo code.
You can go check out RA's doctor.
You get a little 20 discount.
No, so I went in to see a new one, and it was a female urologist,
and she was a smoke bomb.
And I had to, like, drop trowel.
And I was like, oh, man, I wanted to make an excuse and be like,
oh, it was kind of chilly on the way in here.
You know, I was like, I'm embarrassed.
I have a grower, not a shower man.
I got embarrassed. I have a grower, not a shower man. I got neither.
I'd fucking chuck in a Cialis before I went if I knew it was going to be a girl.
Speaking of hoops, I got a little trick I do.
Sometimes I put a tub of toothpaste in the shower,
and I put a little toothpaste in my hoop area to clean it up.
That way it gives a little minty taste, keeps it nice and fresh,
and keeps it from getting sweaty and stuff
because you never know if you start grinding on the dance floor a little bit
and then you bring the girl home,
she might not want to give you the old rusty trombone
if she ain't smelling the mint.
Maybe I could get some toothpaste infused into my bidet
so it's not just hot water.
It's also just a little side.
You know how the loop they have
in the toothpaste, the cool
part that makes it look like
you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, waves. Yeah, waves.
Even if the wave's in the water, all of a sudden, I'm just
like a zesty, just hop off the toilet.
Yeah.
I got to lock that toilet. There's a big party today at my house.
I'm a firm believer though
in in keeping hair like i what you guys talked about getting the laser done i think that like
you look like a little boy when you're like completely shaven i think i think you need a
little bit and then like when you're what when you're you know 50 60 years old and you have no
hair on your body it's gonna look weird as shit you You're going to look like Benjamin Button. All I know is my body's awful.
Awful body.
But it's way worse when it's really hairy.
So at least I get a, like,
I get like 0.2 difference in,
what's it called when you show your definition?
I have a 0.2 percentage improvement in definition with my chest shaved.
So it'll remain that way
until I really don't care about anything anymore. percentage improvement in definition with my chest shaved so it'll remain that way until i
really don't care about anything anymore uh hey wits did you catch yans mic'd up that clip that
was uh that we tweeted out he's a beauty you know how much of that they had to like not put i mean
if you could ever get keith yandle keith yandle did that go decent that didn't go viral mikey
but that get a lot of uh likes and retweets? Yeah, it got a ton of action.
Yeah.
So, I mean, God, can you imagine the ones that they couldn't show?
That'd be like  they'd have to show that on NFL Today.
Just some NHL kid was so funny that they were bringing it into another sport.
So, shout out to Keith Yandel.
By the way, Tom Wilson, boys.
Yeah.
Tommy Wilson.
Back in the news. Are We got to do this again?
And I want to say, first off,
I mean, good thing for the
Capitals, he's not getting suspended because
he's unreal right now.
He's over a point per game, right?
And he's dominating, playing on
the top line, just a physical force.
He's so much bigger and stronger than everyone.
What did you think of the hit biz?
Well, yeah, I think the narrative of he's useless is out the window.
And I'm actually shocked at how much this guy's scaled up.
He's had a bit of a weird career as far as, you know,
I think what they wanted from him initially was what he is now.
But I think everyone, if he can sustain offensively what he's doing,
I mean, he's worth the money that they paid him.
I thought it was an overpayment when I saw the contract,
but I mean, he's playing up to that money right now.
Are we all in agreement of that?
Absolutely.
I mean, seven goals, six assists, 13 points in nine games.
I mean, fucking.
You wonder, though, you wonder with his suspension, you know,
he missed so many games,
and he was just skating on his own, and it was definitely with the skill coach.
I'm saying definitely, but I'm assuming.
You wonder if it just, I mean, I know that that doesn't turn a guy
into a point-per-game player where he's at now,
but it can't say that for a couple months,
all he did was work on skill work and skating,
and that's definitely shown a little bit of improvement since he came back.
Now, in terms of the hit, I don't think it was suspension-worthy.
They got that right, but it was a little unnecessary.
I think that he probably could have got out of the way.
I think that he knows what he's doing.
Maybe he'd tell you different, but there was a decent enough amount of time.
I saw Alex Tange on the NHL Network say it was a long time for him
to be able to move out of the way.
So I think he probably ran into him knowing what he was doing,
but he also knew he wasn't drilling him in the head.
Yeah, that was the one thing I didn't like about it
was the distance that he had to make his decision.
I know what I would have done tracking back in that situation
is as soon as he turned around, I would have slowed up
that too or
took inside positioning like
he did. Obviously,
he still clipped him and he did
move his leg and his shoulders
came in as if he was trying to avoid
it. But I think deep down, he was
like, hey, I'm going to not fully
clobber this guy, but I'm still
going to get a piece of it.
And that's based off what I saw.
I don't live in Tom Wilson's head.
A lot of similarities in the sense where he was tracking back in the one that he got suspended for in preseason.
So he likes to track back really hard,
and at that point you can tell he smells blood.
That guy was coming back up ice.
Another guy was on him.
So he's coming off to another guy's check.
And the guy spun around.
And by the time he spun around, he had the time in order to not do it.
I'll say this.
I don't think he should have been suspended.
If he would have gotten suspended, I wouldn't have been surprised.
Obviously, people are up in arms because it just so happens to be Tom Wilson again, as a friend, I would tell him, yo, you're, you're,
you're if you're fucking do that one more, you're,
you're going to at least minimum get 40, 41 games like Rafi Torres.
And then after that, it probably a year. And then, I don't know,
I would have a hard time. How do you get life banished from, I know, I don't think it will ever come to that. It would probably just be a year and then i don't know i i would have a hard time how do you get life banished from i i know i
don't think it will ever come to that it would probably just be a year and then another year
but to me now it's a little bit psychological i i feel like he's in raffy torres territory where
like he just can't fucking help himself and and to me how many times he's been suspended in the
last like two years i think you probably have.A., and while you're looking it up,
the chances of him from here on out not having at least one or two more ordeals
is it's fucking going to happen.
It's going to happen.
It's impossible.
He's totally under a microscope.
And just to anyone listening who's unaware if they somehow missed it,
Friday night he was given a match penalty and ejected from the game game for his collision slash interference with uh new jersey devils brett
sceney and yeah it because of his reputation he's had similar hits it is kind of like i call it an
hit like did i do that you know like
not mad at that dad joke it must be because it's so early in the morning and i haven't actually
turned my fucking brain on. Wake and bake.
I remember Urkel.
I don't hate it because I remember the Family Matters shit.
So, you know, Sini, I mean, I think people forgot.
Sini was slightly backing up, you know,
and it looked like Wilson kind of just kept his straight line.
And another thing, too, to the right was another capital.
And I think if, you know, Wilson corrects too much to the right,
he potentially hits his own teammate.
I mean, he could obviously just slow down.
But if he's going to keep going, I think if you're going to hit two guys,
you'd rather  I'm sorry, hit one of two guys,
you're probably going to want to hit the guy who's not your teammate.
Obviously, it's Wilson, so people are clamoring for discipline.
The other factor, too, is Sini was not injured.
I think it looked worse than it was.
And here's the other big factor, too, the size difference.
Sini's listed at 5'9", 1566 Wilson's listed at 6'4 218 you're talking seven inch 62 pounds again per
nhl.com and the helmet actually come up and that I think made it look worse than it was because he
caught the shoulder and that caused the helmet to pop off and I think it looked actually worse
than it was so uh and the DPS didn't even deem it worthy of a call.
They just said, nope, that's it.
And everybody's kind of moved on.
I saw it just kind of on replay.
Maybe another game showed it or NHL Network showed it on on the fly.
No, it was during the night, so NHL Tonight.
And right when I saw it, I was like, oh, my God, he's getting 60 games
because it did look really bad because the puck was nowhere near there
and you just see this guy go flying.
Once you really took a look,
didn't get his head. A fair
non-suspension.
I'm glad that this
conversation's over because I feel like it's like the
Nylander thing where we seem to have to talk.
This one might not end. This one might
be back.
Moving on, boys. Budweiser
Canada, Selly's season. I feel like there's been a shit ton
of sellies this year i feel like these young kids don't give a fuck what these old people think so
they're just gonna keep doing uh fun shit on the ice and we're gonna keep having a lot of things
to talk about uh so the bracket challenge we've been talking about that. We got Patrick Kane now against Stevie Y. And then Bobby Orr and Tiger Williams have moved on.
Orr beat Solani, which some Winnipeg Jets fans were fuming about.
But I think that's the right call.
And then Tiger Williams beat Ovi on the  what did you do?
You did like a little internet contest there.
How do you call that?
Twitter poll.
Twitter poll.
Internet contest? Shut up. And I couldn? Twitter poll. Twitter poll. Internet contest?
Shut up.
And I couldn't say definition.
We are so dumb.
Well, it's early because you've got to change diapers all day.
I know.
Honestly, my brain's not on yet.
So, boys, who do we got?
We got Patrick Kane and Stevie Y first.
I mean, fuck.
Now, it's funny because I picked Wayne Gretzky on that one,
and then Stevie Y moved on. I regret picking the gretzky on that one and and then stevie y moved
on i regret picking the the gretzky when i like stevie y i'm gonna have to pick stevie y over
patrick kane heartbreak no offense stan bowman if you're still listening yeah yeah i think he
tapped out after the hoop top hoop talk a little while ago yeah this is a this is a tough one man
because they were both significant goals um you know, Kane got them to the Stanley Cup.
Stevie Wise got them to the semifinals versus their rivals,
the Avalanche, back in 96.
I got to go Kane, I guess, just, you know, when we got the explanation,
it was a heartbreak thing, and he was, you know,
here's your heart, and I'm breaking it.
Once we kind of got that information, I was like, okay,
that was a pretty clever one.
Stevie Wise's clap on from fucking just outside the
red-blue line was phenomenal, but
I got to give the edge to Kane with just
a slightly. I'm with R.A.
Give me Kane. I love the heartbreak.
Same. Same here.
Once I found out that's what it was, I loved it before
then, before I even knew that it was actually
meaningful in somebody else's
celebration. So,
Eisenman was my favorite. I've always said that, but the cane right there is the winner.
Boy, somebody said that Stevie Y got injured on that celebration.
He went flying around the net,
and then that's where I think the whole team kind of came on.
Have you ever been on the bottom of one of those piles,
Biz, celebrating a winner?
No, never.
Yeah, I know.
I was on one when I was 11.
But you start panicking. If your knee's bent or you can't breathe, a winner. No, never. Yeah, I know. I was on one when I was 11. But it was...
You start panicking. If your
knee's bent or you can't breathe, it is kind
of a little
panic time there.
I don't know if he did get hurt, though.
One quick note, actually. We should have brought it up
before Biz. When Stevie Y, in the first
poll we did,
should be noted, he actually stripped Gretzky
of the puck when he scored that goal. They had gone head-to-head in the first round. It was Gretz Gretzky of the puck when he scored that goal.
They had gone head-to-head in the first round.
It was Gretzky who he took the puck from when he scored that goal, too,
a few moments ago.
Oh, shit.
So he kind of got the upper hand both ways.
Yeah, double whammy.
Damn.
No respect for the great one.
And moving on, Bobby Orr, Tiger Williams.
I mean, I, fuck.
I don't know. I'm going to have to go with Bobby Orr, Tiger Williams. I mean, fuck.
I don't know.
I'm going to have to go with Bobby Orr on this one, boys.
It's Bobby Orr.
We already talked about it.
So you can't beat that.
You can't beat Bobby Orr.
You can't pick anyone but him.
Yeah, I mean, Bobby, you don't even have to ask me.
Wow, clean sweep for the Chicklets boys. Oh, everyone's going to be laying into us about our Boston connection,
how much we stroke off Boston sports with the herbal act of cream.
Pasternak didn't get stroked off.
He's not on the All-Star ballot.
Pasternak, that one's a little confusing.
So, guys, we're going to put up another Twitter poll.
We're going to have these two matchups go against each other
for the Budweiser Canada Selly Season campaign.
Any good ones around the league
in the last couple days?
Radulov scored the other night, or Saturday
night. He had to have done something.
I know we mentioned it last week, but Ristolainen's
with Buffalo was awesome.
The Millie Rock? Yeah, the Millie Rock.
Gotta love it. There's been
nothing since then? What the fuck
are these players doing?
I'm trying to think, too.
Let's go, Millennial.
Stop being disrespectful.
I can't think of anything.
I'm going to look at Radulov right now.
Speaking of Bruins biz, did you see we almost had a goalie skirmish
in Boston, Detroit, Saturday night until the referees got involved.
The refs had to hold each goalie back.
They were both raring to go, but the refs said no dice.
I saw the clips of it.
I don't know how that even started.
Yeah, it was actually a pretty chippy game.
Luke Witkowski buried David Krejci, like absolutely buried him.
Clean hit.
And then Joachim Nordstrom, who's not a fighter at all, came to his defense.
And one of those situations where a guy gets hit clean and, you know,
the player, quote-unquote, defends his teammate.
I know some people can't stand it because it comes after a clean hit.
So there was some chippiness in the game.
And then Marchand and Bertuzzi were going at it.
And as Marchand was getting to the bench, he's such a little weasel.
He fucking smacked Jimmy Howard with his stick.
And then Howard turned around, got involved.
And then, of course, Rask responded.
He come bombing out.
And everyone got all geared up for a fight.
And like I said, the referees put a quick end to it.
Everybody was bummed out because there's nothing
like a goalie fight.
It gets the people going.
Boys, let's talk about
Shea Weber, man. Two goals on Saturday.
How about that?
What was that, like a quarter clapper?
That was like 120 miles.
Fuck, man.
He brought the stick back to his knee.
It went 98.
Makes no sense.
He's got to freak a shot.
Well, he just mentioned, you know, the Leafs adding a guy of
knee-landish quality to the roster in December,
and that's what Montreal's doing.
I mean, they're adding a top-tier defenseman,
a guy who hadn't played in 345 days between games.
He actually went just under you under 361 days between goals.
But you're on a player his caliber,
his presence.
He just has it, man. When you see him,
he's just a big, mean defenseman.
Crushes people out front of the net, behind the net.
He's a guy that anybody would want
to have on the team. And now the Canadians who
have already made a lot of people, myself
included, look foolish with their preseason predictions.
You've got to think they're only going to get better from here on in.
Yeah.
Boys, what else do we have to talk about?
Oh, one other.
Patrick Laine, fourth quickest to 100 goals.
That's a pretty significant thing.
Before we get to that, I want to talk to our listeners about hymns.
All right, guys.
Sometimes we like to be secretive about things.
We don't want to talk about little problems we might have.
You know, over 25 of new erectile dysfunctional erectile dysfunctional cases are guys under 40.
Sexual performance issues.
They're more common than you think.
We try to normalize them here on checklist so you don't feel bad about them.
Everybody has issues.
Even the world's greatest actor can't fake a woodrow.
You know, guys turn to weird solutions sometimes.
But, you know, you just got to go to 4hims.com.
It's a one-stop shop for hair loss, skin care,
and sexual wellness for men.
You know, HIMS connects you with real doctors
with medical-grade solutions to treat erectile dysfunction.
There's well-known generic equivalents
with name-brand prescriptions to help you combat ED.
None of the snake oil, no gas station supplements,
none of that garbage.
They're prescription solutions backed by science, okay? No waiting room, no awkward in-person visits, no co-pays, nurses, blood pressure, none of that stuff.
You're just going to go to 4hims.com. It's super easy. You answer a few quick questions,
chat with a doctor for a confidential review, and products are shipped directly to your door.
Severe ED isn't just an issue for rich old guys in bathtubs.
It affects guys in their 30s and 40s,
and you want to be your best when it comes to the bedroom, all right?
And being your best means performing your best.
It's erectile without the dysfunction, or as we say, hard man easy.
Say hello to your little friend.
So try HIMSS for a month today for just 5.
We'll get you started for just 5 while supplies last.
See website for full details.
This would cost hundreds if you went to a doctor or a pharmacy.
Go to 4hims.com slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey,
4hims.com slash hockey.
Wayne Gretzky, obviously the first.
Wayne Gretzky, Jimmy Carson, and the tit fucker himself, Brian Bellows,
were the only three players to get there faster than him.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow, Jimmy Carson and Bellows.
I never would have guessed those two.
Yeah, me neither.
Yeah, surprising names right there, but congrats to Patrick Laine.
And to finish this off, we mentioned it earlier.
The National Football League, you guys,
are you in agreement with me that
the Kansas City
Chiefs or the NFL or somebody had
seen that video of Kareem Hunt
before it came out with
TMZ and they knew
they knew exactly what he'd done
and then they just figured out we'll wait till the public
pretty much forces us to get rid of him
like they're all that much of scumbags
I think.
Well, Adam Schefter tweeted out today that the NFL's investigation,
they didn't interview either Hunt or the woman he assaulted.
How the fuck do you conduct an investigation
and not talk to the two principals involved?
Listen, man, I've been watching the NFL since I was in diapers.
I've watched less and less of it each year,
and not even the Brady deflategate stuff.
I know people say, oh, you're a Pats fan. Just the moral deprav less of it each year. Uh, and not even the Brady deflate gate stuff. I know people say, Oh,
you're a patch fan, just the moral depravity of this,
of this fucking organization, the NFL,
the whole lion about the concussions,
like just bullshit and all these retired guys. And then this,
the way they handle the domestic violence stuff,
it's fucking sickening and they hope it goes away and it doesn't come up.
And it always does. It always bites them in the ass.
They're just idiots in charge and too many scumbags in the league.
It makes you not want to watch the fucking league.
And I swear to God,
I don't watch nearly as much NFL.
And I know I'm not going to have any effect
on their bottom line.
I'm not a dummy,
but just from my own personal perspective,
it's like, fuck, man,
I don't want to condone these assholes.
And let me say, about Kareem Hunt,
how fucking dumb are you?
Can you be any fucking dumber?
You're going to make millions and millions of dollars.
You have the world by the balls, and you're in a hotel lobby attacking a girl
because what?
She won't fuck one of your buddies or won't go off with you?
Well, the story is she dropped an N-bomb on him, and I think she hit his girl.
Okay, okay, either way.
Nonetheless, it's dumb on her part, but just tell her to leave.
Dude, there was instances when there was stuff going on in bars
or stuff where I was like, I got to get out of here
because I'm a draft pick of the NHL.
I hope to be a professional athlete.
Use your brain, dude, and realize realize i gotta get out of this situation like your whole life's in front of you you have everything to lose and you're so fucking stupid all these guys that get
into this shit like dude just walk away like leave early have your buddies deal with something just
what are you doing and it's just amazing to see how many of these NFL players are complete
and utter morons.
You can't even believe it.
Just on every issue, every week there's another issue.
Like, dude, use your brain one time.
Once.
Yeah, you know what it is?
These guys, a lot of them, they've been babied and coddled for so long.
I mean, you're talking back to 10, 11, 12 years old.
A lot of these kids are talented.
So they've been coddled for so long that when they fuck up,
they always get away with it because people cover their asses
because they know eventually they're going to make money.
They're enabled as anything.
So when they do this shit, they're so used to getting out of trouble.
And then something like this happened, and the guy crapped out.
And fuck him.
He should get what he deserves.
I'm glad I was afraid of my dad.
You got to be afraid of your dad growing up.
These kids weren't afraid of their dad, fucking morons.
I'll say this.
There's nothing that could fucking make me touch a woman.
I could walk into my wife getting stuffed by three different dudes.
And I'd just be like, that sucks.
Like, what could bring you to want to, like, physically harm a woman?
Like, even if they're
underlying even if they're chucking bombs yeah you can just kind of like grab their arms and like
and like just like push them away and be like yo like please stop please stop fucking pounding my
face and please stop getting tripled by three dudes oh yeah not good often uh stop punching my nose bigger not not good well said and it's just
yeah it seems to be a a reoccurring problem in the nfl so check out the nhl if you really want
to see some true athletes with some respect and honor and appreciation for where they came from
fucking loser nfl players nba is too. For good measure. I can love it.
All right, boys.
I think that about wraps up episode 130.
Had a good one here.
Stan Bowman was a great guest.
I enjoyed the chatter of the contract.
Any additional thoughts, boys?
No, good episode.
Thanks to Stan Bowman
and Pussy Crusher 6969.
