Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 131 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to everybody this evening.
Go to our producer Mikey Grinelli down in New York City first.
What's shakin' there, guy?
What's up, boys? Big show today, very excited.
Yeah, whatever you cry, baby.
Don't you maybe want to address that, you little bitch?
Alright, so I guess we're going to do this now.
Yeah, before me and Witt's intro. i guess i guess we're gonna do this now i before me and wits intro yeah yeah we're gonna so yesterday witt took a video of me at the bar after a bet
and i'm getting a ton of shit people saying i'm crying and i wasn't crying i was laughing i was
laughing so hard because i'm such a fucking joke i'm the biggest joke in the world well like what
a brutal way to tell the story, the main part of the story.
And by the way, what up, what up everyone?
And speaking of that, should I actually start talking?
Like that is one of the funniest.
I listened to that at least 10 times for people who don't know somebody,
somebody, what is it?
They, how did, what did they do to my voice?
They slowed it down one and a half times.
They put it on, they a half times, Grinnell?
They put the podcast on half speed.
It sounds like I am.
It sounds like I'm on an Ambo and two bottles of red and a couple pink wits.
But the story that I was going to quickly tell Grinnell,
we walked into this restaurant bar thing to watch the game,
and he's like, Buffalo's up. And he's like, Buffalo is up.
And he's like, I cannot lose right now.
I literally can't lose right now.
And I was looking at him.
I'm like, this kid is so dumb.
What are you talking about?
And then what do you know?
Eichel scores.
Eichel scores.
Eichel scores.
When you were saying you can't lose, in my head I was like, he's so dumb.
He can lose easily.
He's up a goal.
And either way, like, you know, Matthew scored that sick goal,
and I just got him right on video.
No tears, though.
I will back him up on that.
No tears.
More just laughing at how much of a loser he really is.
Complete pigeon.
I'm a loser.
That was bad.
I deserved that, though.
I was being cocky.
Way too cocky.
Very cocky.
One goal leads absolutely nothing in NHL gambling these days.
And there's the other fellas.
Ryan Whitney just chimed in.
Where are you right now, Wits, for the audience?
I just drove home from New Jersey.
I was out there doing some work for the NHL Network.
And I actually came up.
You know how I'm a stat guy when I come home, boys?
I just wanted to do this one quick.
We're just getting this out of the way quick.
I couldn't believe this stat.
I love this one. I wrote just wanted to do this one quick. Like, we're just getting this out of the way quick. I couldn't believe this stat. I love this one.
I wrote it down on my phone.
Look.
Mikko Rantanen, and now this has changed.
I think he now has 47 points.
Either way, at the time, he had 45 points through his first 27 games.
All right?
Nine people have done that since 1993, 1994 season.
You know who the nine guys are?
Or no, it happened nine times.
I think maybe seven people.
Ron Francis, decent.
Wayne Gretzky, ever heard of him?
Jaromir Jagger,
all-time legend, played for about 15 teams.
Sidney Crosby, thanks for my money.
Evgeny Malkin, thanks for my money also.
Sergey Fedorov was able to play
defense in the NHL out of nowhere when he was
really a superstar forward. And then the last guy,
Mario Lamia,
did it twice. Also, thanks for signing the checks on the money Sid and Malcolm gave me.
So those guys, he was the first guy.
He was the first guy since all of them to do it.
He's on pace for 135 points,
which would win every scoring title in the NHL since 1995, 1996.
So shout out to Miko Rantanen and that sick start.
We can now continue the podcast because I got my stats out the way.
Fucking hilarious. And last but not least our buddy paul biz nasty bison are you back from la
are you still out there how are you i figured i'd chime in i just got back from la boys i had a
great time we did episode two of nhL First Timer. We had Paige
Hathaway. I don't know if you guys saw the picture.
Oh my god, babe.
Holy fucking
rocket.
She is
absolute fire,
huh? Who is she?
To be as classy as I can
about it, I'd let her shit in my mouth.
But no, but on a serious note, stunning, absolute sweetheart.
I believe she will come on the podcast, she said.
But she was great.
Did we do a video one that day?
Oh, yeah.
We'll have her Skype in or whatever just to get the video.
But I was curious, before you get into it what what what
does she do though i've never i've never heard of her uh she's she's like hardcore fitness like
she works out something every day whether it's bickram yoga whether it's uh you know pilates
class whether it's a few workouts she told me i never even heard of i couldn't tell oh i know
her body's stunning her personality was stunning she's gorgeous. She came with her friend, Bear DiGio.
He owns a bunch of paintball parks in Los Angeles area.
Oh, buddy, you don't understand how lucrative paintball parks are.
Really?
Oh, yeah, man.
This guy's probably making a million bucks a year off paintball parks.
Is that a total guess?
Buddy, he gets like the Lakers come in and book the whole thing out.
He'll get like Chief Keefe.
He'll get like weird people who you would never know were into paintball.
Just go to his Instagram and the business one,
and you'll see all the guys that show up.
I think Kobe Bryant's been there.
Dan Balzerian goes in all the time.
Sorry, go ahead.
Oh, no, no.
He came with her, and they they're friends and they fed off
each other and it was just great content one criticism i've gotten so far is like hey like
you know maybe give this opportunity to somebody who wouldn't be able to afford it and listen
there's five episodes we're gonna get to that this one had a little bit more of a script to it so we
needed people who were going to be 100 very comfortable in front of the camera we we ran
some funny little skits.
I don't want to give too much away,
but thank you to the Los Angeles Kings organization,
all the people who work for them.
I played in the organization.
I don't know if you guys know.
I helped them win a Calder Cup, so not a big deal there.
But, yeah, we ended up going on the ice between periods
and playing a little game.
We got Bailey, of course, one of the more popular mascots
in the league involved.
So it was fun.
I'm looking forward for you guys to see it,
and that's all I've got to say about that.
Nice. Looking forward to it.
And before we get to the stories and whatnot,
we want to mention we are going to have Bill Burr on a little later,
Boston native, world-famous comedian.
Come on. He joined us for quite a while.
A wide-ranging interview was pretty good. Can't wait for you guys to hear that.
Big news. Basically, we knew it was going to happen. It was a slam dunk, but
it's still a big deal, to steal a phrase. 51 years
after it started expanding, the NHL basically will stop. I would think
Seattle will be the last team. They were awarded the NHL's 32nd and
I would say final franchise Tuesday
on Sea Island, Georgia.
And the as-yet-to-be-named team is scheduled to begin play in October of 2021.
It's owned by Jerry Bruckheimer, the famed Hollywood Uber producer,
private equity honcho David Bonderman,
and longtime sports executive Tim Lewicki.
They put up the 650 million expansion fee,
which gets split up among 30
teams vegas doesn't get a cut but they're also exempt from the expansion draft uh they're also
spending upwards of 800 million to renovate the 56 year old key arena which is where the
seattle supersonics used to play it's rich it's a weird arena it's like subterranean you gotta like
go like in the building and walk downstairs to get to the to the playing surface it's pretty
wild so they're basically spending about a billion and a half dollars uh walk downstairs to get to the, to the playing surface. It's, it's pretty wild.
So they're basically spending about a billion and a half dollars in
investment to get this.
Basically,
they're going to have the same expansion draft rules that Vegas had.
So you've got to think opposing GMs are going to be a little bit more on
their toes.
So they don't get fleeced like George McPhee undressed them a couple of
years ago.
And basically,
yeah,
it's been,
so it'll be 21 years since the last team,
true expansion teams, which are Columbus and Minnesota.
Right now, Dave Tippett is the only real hockey guy affiliated with them.
He's going to be a senior  he is a senior advisor.
He's going to have a big hand in picking both the coach and the GM.
Stevie Wise, probably a name to keep an eye out for.
I don't know. I don't see that.
We'll see.
A couple more things before we get you guys.
To make room for Seattle, obviously, Biz, you know this.
They're going to be moving Arizona to the Central Division.
Wait, what?
It's a tough travel for the Yolts.
Yeah, and they already have 33,000 season ticket deposits
and an additional 32,000 names on the waiting list.
So, man, this feels like it's a success waiting to happen.
Biz, let's go to you first. It's going to affect you more.
Well, you know, all I want to say about that, guys, is I'm very proud the way the Arizona
Coyotes have been playing lately. They've won four in a row now. And despite getting the news
and distraction yesterday of finding out, hey, you're going to be switching divisions and playing
against far greater competition, they put that to the back of
their mind they focused on a task at hand and got the job done at staple center so proud of those
guys aiden hill four and oh this fucking kid's a stud he's a big guy he's very good at positionally
and when he needs to be athletic he can be athletic athletic. And I feel like he's just  I'm not getting too horned up.
I know he's only played a few games.
But, you know, when someone just has that kind of gamer mentality,
I think he's got the juice, boys.
And Coyotes have a very good problem on their hands
when they have a lot of good goaltenders in their system.
They even got a couple other guys in the minors who are like 6'5".
I think they're breeding him in a lab or something in Tucson.
Well, back to the Seattle, the new Seattle team.
Oh, yeah, yeah, sorry.
Good little talk about the Oats.
I think it's going to be great.
I think it's going to crush.
I think Seattle, I've been there once.
I was on a golf trip.
We were in one.
We went out for dinner.
I don't really remember it that well, but it seemed really nice.
I do think, or no, I don't think i read that they're the largest city in the country i
think without an nhl and nba team something like that so it makes sense i mean there's enough
people there to support obviously uh you know get a diehard get a diehard group of fans together and
all right i can't believe you just said there was there's that many season tickets that have
already been say there's 32 000 33 000 yeah they's that many season tickets that have already been, say there's 32,000?
33,000, yeah.
They got that many.
People put somewhere between 500 and I think 1,000 down.
Within 24 hours, they got that.
And then they got another 32,000 names on a waiting list.
Which means some of these people may not actually buy the season tickets
even though they put their name in,
but they're going to sell out their season tickets.
That's absolutely right with the waiting list.
So, yeah.
And so, I mean, that's great to hear.
And you just got to think,
you mentioned how the draft,
the expansion draft won't change.
And the Seattle owners said,
basically, I'm sure they said,
no chance it's changing
because Bill Foley paid 500 million.
I just ponied up 650 million.
So I'm not going to not get the same chance to be successful that he did when i'm paying 150 sheets more so i think that that'll
make them maybe not i mean vegas vegas went above me on we know that my wallet knows that my bank
account remembers i was wrong i don't necessarily think that's gonna happen again but they'll
definitely be competitive enough um the quote that i left, too, is I think it was Bonderman, the guy.
I think he has most of the money.
I know Bruckheimer's involved, but I'm pretty sure that Bonderman is the principal owner.
I could be making that up, but I feel like he's got most of the juice in the bag.
But he said, I usually never talk about personal finances, but this is a few pieces of change
that won't be around anymore.
Fuck off.
Dude, that's a guy who, if he woke up with my money,
would kill himself.
He'd kill himself.
He woke up with what I had.
He'd kill himself.
Imagine how rich he is.
He used to be on the board.
He was on the board of directors for Uber,
but he got booted off because they had their first female on the board of
directors.
I think it was that Ariana Huffington.
And she's like, well, what they say, I guess they were in a meeting.
She said, oh, they say once you have the board, a board has one woman,
then more women are sure to follow.
Do you want to start that one over?
Sorry, I did start it.
We're going to keep this on there, but you're just going to restart that.
That was Marble's mouth.
I know.
Ariana Huffington was also on the, joined the Uber board of directors.
And she said to the other board of director members that, oh,
once the first woman joins that, they say more women follow.
And then that guy bought them and said, yeah,
that's because there's more talk and something like fucking.
And the whole meeting was just like, holy fuck.
They were aghast.
They ended up like gassing them from the fucking board of directors.
Cause he, cause he basically said women talk too much.
Yeah, but guys with that much money don't give a
fuck.
He's a bad person. He gives a shit.
He's like, I'll fucking buy your life, you
loser. Dude, it's the ultimate
quote of Ernie McCracken when he wins the final
tournament. He's like, I'm finally above
the laws. He's getting carried
away after he beats Roy.
What is it? No, not McAvoy.
Munson.
I'm finally above
the law.
Okay, I got a few things to say.
St. Louis getting a hockey team.
Or St. Louis. Fuck, what am I saying?
Seattle getting a hockey team.
So, hey, I chirped RA for it.
You guys can chirp me. I fucked up.
Take two. Seattle getting a hockey team. Unbelievable. You guys can chirp me. I fucked up. Take two.
Seattle getting a hockey team.
Unbelievable.
You got that instant rivalry between Vancouver.
I agree with that, Bess.
They're actually building like a tram where it goes from Vancouver to Seattle.
How far are they?
Monorail?
I'd say a two-hour drive.
Oh, really?
Maybe a little over that.
Maybe like two and a half.
And Calgary, Edmonton, Battle of Alberta.
Vancouver kind of  I mean, everyone hates Vancouver kind of,
but to get a real rivalry with Seattle, that's going to be awesome.
Yeah.
Now, of course, I'm going to go back towards the Coyotes here.
It kind of sucks.
Shut the fuck up.
They lose their rivalry, though.
They lose Vegas because Vegas is going to stay in the Pacific.
So that kind of sucks.
You know, they're still going to end up playing each other a few times over the course of a year.
Shitty travel for Arizona.
And the biggest comment I got was, oh, are they pissed
because you guys are in a way tougher division?
Well, one, the expansion is happening.
We don't know how good anyone is going to be in three years.
And, like, some of these teams that are very good right now,
like Winnipeg, like, we don't know who they're going to be able
to keep around with salary cap issues.
And some of their, you know, like a guy like Wheeler,
like he's going to be getting a little older.
Bufflin's going to be getting a little bit older.
And some of these guys have got a big contract.
So they're going to be dealing with the same type of problem
maybe Chicago's having right now.
No offense, Stan, because we're boys with Stan now um but uh yeah other than that i mean i don't
think the coyotes are concerned i love it and in my last comment about the fact that dave tippett's
joining the what's his exact title sorry ra he's a senior advisor i didn't see a an actual title
from just they referred him as a senior advisor and And here's what I like about that is I don't know how good Dave Tippett
is necessarily coaching and evaluating a team as far as high-end talent
because the few years in Dallas he had when he had really, really good teams,
they were unable to make playoffs.
But what he's very good at is making good teams out of maybe not so much
as you saw in our in our teams in Arizona that had a lot of success we made playoffs three years in
a row like we had we had a lot of guys who were a little bit older a little bit of the outcasts of
the NHL who were on the downturn of their career like when we had our most successful year like we had like donor derrick morris adrian a coin um oh god who am i forgetting out of those ones like was vermet
there then yeah like antoine vermet radislav klesla was really really good like third line
players kind of second line players yes so so kind of like how um vegas was able to pick and
choose some guys who were maybe undervalued by their teams and tip saw potential.
So I think he'll be a good fit in order to do that specific job.
And he was an unbelievable coach, very intelligent coach.
Obviously, I don't think the plan is for him to step in as coach.
Yeah, no, no, not at all.
Not going to be.
Okay, so if that's already established.
But he's a good hockey mind to have around,
and I think that's going to pay dividends for them.
What if he calls Radislav Klesla for a job?
How will he respond, Biz?
He'll be like, if you bring Harry Knuckles, I'll be there.
Harry Knuckles?
Harry Knuckles.
Harry Knuckles.
That's my check.
Biz's check accent.
That's gorgeous. That's the only one I got. Uh-oh that's fucking great. This is checking accent. Oh, that's gorgeous.
That's the only one I got.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
What is it, Grinnell, you fucking punk?
So what do you guys think the team name's going to be?
Oh, words are out of my mouth.
That's what I was going to get to.
I was going to tell everybody the last pro team in Seattle
was the minor league totems of the Western Hockey League.
They played in the WHL until that league folded in 1974.
Then they played in the Central Hockey League for one season after that.
The Totems is the favorite at Bovada to be the new team name, minus 105.
There's been lots of clamoring for the Metropolitans.
They were in the Pacific Coast Hockey Association from 1915 to 1924,
and they have the distinction of being the first American team
to win the Stanley Cup way back in 1917, ironically beating the Montreal
Canadians, the last Canadian team to win the Stanley Cup.
But some of these names, man, I mean, I understand the Metropolitans,
the Totems.
I hate when teams, like, steal names from the history.
Just be original and start a new history.
But the Emeralds is 4-1.
I mean, do you really want to be named after a fucking birthstone
no there was one that i saw and it was the supersonics color jerseys i think the krakens
the kraken give me the kraken i kind of like the kraken i know i think it was the pioneers or or
it was it was the guy who looks not like a viking but he's somebody fucking throwing me a bone here
yeah no i have the list that darren Roval tweeted out from Bovada.
This named the Rain Years.
I know there's Mount Rain Year, but
I don't know what the fuck a Rain Year is.
It's seven to one. Oh, that's what
the one I was talking about was. Okay.
I don't even know what a Rain Year is. Are you chirping what my pick was?
No, no. I'm just reading
the list. You know Mount Rain Year, the big
mountain there. Oh, no, I didn't. I thought there was a
Mount Whitney around there. Is that in California? There's a Mount Whitney somewhere. I'm just, I'm reading the list. Like, you know, Mount Rainier, the big mountain there. Oh, no, I didn't. I thought there was a Mount Whitney around there.
Is that in California?
There's a Mount Whitney somewhere.
I'm telling you.
There's one just south of Boston.
I know that.
Yeah, exactly.
My yellow house.
And other team, the Sockeyes, that's 701.
That would be the second fish logo.
I think the name works.
It also won the Seattle Times online tourney.
They had, you know, Sockeye.
It's kind of like got a punchy name to what kind of works for hockey.
Isn't that a fish?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a fish.
That'll be the second fish logo.
Okay.
Okay.
I don't hate it.
I don't hate it.
We just mentioned Release the Kraken.
That's 701.
I'm not sure if it's a good value bet, but it sure is popular.
People, it's some mysterious sea creature that's been in a couple of movies.
And I could hear the announcer just being like, power play Kraken. but it sure is popular. It's some mysterious sea creature that's been in a couple of movies.
And I could hear the announcer just being like,
Power Play Kraken.
So it's kind of like the Power Play is buzzing while it's also the team named the Kraken has Power Play.
You get it?
Get it?
Get it?
A couple more here.
The Renegades.
I'll say this.
That's a good sell on that name.
And I like it a little bit more after you do it.
Power Play Kraken. It's definitely ripe for possibilities for sure That's a good sell on that name. And I like it a little bit more after you. Power play cracking.
It's definitely right.
It's right for possibilities for sure.
Pop culture aspects.
Who would you get if you could for a celebrity to say it?
And then it would come on the Jumbotron every time.
It was like power play cracking.
Oh, man, that's a great question.
I feel like there might have to be some Seattle roots there.
Maybe if you get Eddie Vedder and he's just like,
Power Play, crack it.
Come on, way too powerful.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know anyone else from Seattle.
I don't know who could do it.
I could do it even.
I was on the big screen for Vegas.
Unfortunately, it was me being embarrassed saying they were going to be the doormats.
Maybe I could get on the positive side of the Seattle big screen
and be their announcer for power push.
What's cracking?
This name, the Renegades, it's 16-1.
That sounds like a 1950s fucking street game that your father was in or something.
The Renegades?
The Renegades, tough game.
Sea Lions, 22-1.
Seals, 22-1.
There's actually, of course, there were the California Golden Seals,
and there's still some of their DNA still in the NHL in the form of the Dallas Stars because that's who they eventually became.
The Evergreens, 28-1.
Is that for real?
The Whales at 28-1.
I feel like if you're going to be a Whale,
you should be a specific kind of Whale.
The Cougars at 28-1.
They have a logo for this already.
It's a 48-year-old divorce.
Hey, imagine we just kept naming
names for another
20 minutes.
Fans were like, holy shit.
But people are
stubborn. They're going to try to see
if they can wait until the end.
I figured I'd use the list everybody saw
in case they didn't. So yeah, the Cougars,
Eagles 28-1. We already have Penguins
and Ducks. Eagles are lame. He's still going. And the last oneougars, Eagles 28-1. We already have Penguins and Ducks. I don't... Eagles are lame.
And the last one, Firebirds,
is 28-1. I think somebody already
took Camaros, so they had to go Firebirds.
I think the Seattle Thunderbirds are...
Are they still a WHL team, Biz?
Yeah.
The Seattle Herbal Actives.
Promo code, Biz.
So anyway,
Seattle one-hitters.
You have the promo codes on the shoulders.
In three more years, Seattle will be starting up.
Seattle biz 20s.
Seattle CBD.
Fuck me.
Oh, shit.
The Seattle Eagle Energy biz 20s.
Up to biz 40 for the holidays.
You have to put in your promo code to get into the arena.
They don't swipe a ticket.
Hey, every time there's a four-minute minor in their favor,
they get the 40 off.
All right, what's next?
We got to move on, boys.
So, yep, Seattle starting up in three years.
Looking forward to it.
It'll be here before you know it.
NHL's got 32 teams. That should be it. Basically, if Quebec is going to get a team, it's going starting up in three years. Looking forward to it. It'll be here before you know it. NHL's got 32 teams.
That should be it.
Basically, if Quebec is going to get a team,
it's going to come from somewhere else.
The NHL is projecting a salary cap for next year at roughly 83 million.
That's about a 3.5 million increase,
which would take the floor up from 58.8 to about 62.3 million.
One other big thing that happened,
Ty Bertuzzi was suspended two games for soccer and Matt Calvert
at the Wings bench after one of the Wings grabbed Calvert's stick.
He was kind of jostling, trying to get it back.
Ty Bertuzzi dropped his glove, gave him a little uppercut action,
ended up getting two games for it.
What's your take on that, Wits?
I thought it was hilarious.
I know that.
I just was like, this is unbelievable.
First, the night before, I love Tyler Bertuzzi's game.
Smart player, but plays feisty with passion.
And he was trying to fight Marchand all game.
We talked about that when the goalies didn't fight.
And then the next night, he had enough of Calvert.
And, you know, Larkin had originally grabbed his stick.
And then Calvert, who I don't blame him.
If somebody's holding your stick, I mean, it's a passionate game.
You're giving my fucking stick back.
So you kind of speak your wrench.
And then at that point, you know, Bertuzzi's like, all right, fine.
Instead, it would have been no issue if we uppercut him with his glove on,
but drop the glove, quick sucker shot.
And right after you can see Larkin looking around, he's like,
oh, anyone see that?
Well, there's cameras everywhere now, unfortunately.
But I mean, you know, I understand the suspension.
I still also think it was just a pretty hilarious move.
I like his game, too.
He's kind of a poor man's Matthew Kachuk right now.
And if he can elevate his game or to piss everyone off at home,
if he can scale up.
I said that way too many times last episode, by the way, so that'll be my one
and done. What are you going to say, Grinnell?
About everyone thinking he's
Tauber Tuzzi's son.
Oh, really? Was that what was going on on Twitter?
A lot of fans embarrassed themselves.
Out of themselves, yeah. I mean, like,
father, like son. I mean, I thought I'd get one or two of them
in replies, because I was having some fun
with the Red Wings fans. Oh, shit. You're saying
like hundreds of people? It was significant.
I was actually embarrassed that it was
that many people. I mean, I know the name.
But it takes two seconds to
fucking Google. Just Google it so you don't look like
a fucking dummy on Twitter.
But it's the way of the world.
Bert's going to come on this at some point.
Big Bert. Hey, we should do
a double episode. Have both
of them come on now uh regarding the
issue is the one thing that does suck which which it would suck for me because i care about public
opinion i don't know if tyler bertuzzi does but like before that he i don't think he had a
reputation now because he's done that every next move he makes people are going to reference this
like that's like that's like one of those things where like yeah you can chuckle about it because no one no one had some real damage done
to them but it's it's a horrible look like to do that like i never did something that dirty other
than bite a guy's finger no i i don't think it's a great look but it's also a guy who doesn't really
care and i mean well there you go he's he's gonna he's gonna now be in other teams heads whether
they you know have had instances or examples of him doing shit dirty to them before or they're
just gonna be just going on what they saw by that and just be like this guy's a rat he probably
wants to be in their heads right and it goes back to some guys who like just don't generally don't
give a fuck yeah like I mean I would imagine that Brad Marchand, like, laughs at him.
Did I say it bad?
I loved how you said it. I love how you said it.
Oh, je parle un peu franais.
Speaking of chuckles, Bill Burr, man.
I had a lot of fun talking to this guy.
I never thought I'd be able to talk to one of the best comedians in the world
about one of the best TV shows ever, but that's what happened today.
We talked to him a bunch of other stuff.
So we're going to send it to Bill Burr right now.
This interview is brought to you by Herbal Active,
100 hemp-based CBD product that's unbelievable for sore muscles, joints.
They also have drops for mental clarity,
helps for swelling and inflammation in the body.
I've been using it. Whit's been using it. Grine I've been using it. Witt's been using
it. Grinnelli's been using it. So has RA. It's been great. Tons of positive feedback. I've had
tons of people asking me for it. That's Herbal Active, 100 hemp-based CBD. They have an Instagram
page and that's U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V. You can go there and you can send them direct messages,
find out more about their product.
They have little videos and clips to describe exactly which each product does.
Also, you can find them on Twitter.
That is, once again, U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V, Herbal Active.
You can go to their website at herbalactive.com.
They have awesome customer service
they've hired a few people to answer all your questions cbd is fairly new not a lot of people
know a lot about it so if you have any types of questions ask them as i said it's helped me out
a ton for my mental clarity helps me out for my sore muscles and joints. They have balm. They have mints for situational anxiety,
either depression, other things like that.
They have dog treats, which is awesome for dogs
who suffer from seizures and other types of things.
And as I said, herbalactive.com.
You can either follow them on Twitter or Instagram
to direct message all the questions you have.
They know so much about it,
so much more than I can tell you,
but I know it works.
Check it out, Herbal Active.
Biz20 promo code for 20 off.
You know the drill.
We are now pleased to be joined by one of the biggest names in the comedy game,
a complete superstar from Canton, Massachusetts,
a big-time hockey fan, I hear. Bill Burr, thank you very much for joining the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Hey, what's up, guys? Thanks for having me on.
Oh, it's our pleasure. It's our pleasure. So we want to get in first to your passion
for hockey that I hear about on your Monday morning podcast a lot, your passion for the
Bruins. Where did that all begin, and how long have you been a big hockey fan? I would say I think it was 1980. I didn't come from a hockey
family. My parents are from the Midwest, so they were more football, baseball. So they ended up
moving to Massachusetts. So it was more for my friends. I was like in fifth or sixth grade
and I was over a buddy of mine's house,
and we were watching a Bruins game.
And this was back when every team wore the whites at home
rather than the dark colors.
And I just remember Stan Jonathan got into a fight
and just beat the crap out of this guy.
And he just, instead of getting kicked out of the game and fine,
he just sat down for five minutes and came back out and did it again.
And I was just sold.
I've never understood
people who want to get the fighting out of
hockey. I think I like
it because as much as there are
there can be punks in the league, I always
felt there was, you could be
more of a punk in other sports just because
no one could beat the crap out of you.
Bill, that
late 70s, early 80s, Scott Bruins team was known as the Lunch Pail AC.
Was that the first team you fell in love with as a Bruins fan?
They lost the Stanley Cup two years in a row,
then the Too Many Men on the Ice incident happened.
Was that the first squad you fell in love with?
I fortunately missed that.
I came in 1980, and the one that I saw, the first
game I went to was in 1983
when we
won the President's Trophy. We had the best
record in the league. Pete Peters
was the best goaltender, was going to win the
Vesna Trophy and all this. The first
round was against the Montreal Canadiens, best
three out of five. And we
went to the old Boston game with the French
exchange students
who rooted for the Canadians
because they spoke French.
And the Canadians came in, of course,
and swept us.
We just could never beat them back then.
And that was my baptism into beautiful city.
Any point where, like,
did you want to start playing hockey
or were you like, this is too late?
I'm a fan forever.
I won't be actually playing.
No, I was dying to play.
It was just too expensive.
And like I said,
I didn't come from
a hockey family.
So to try to get football
and baseball fans
to get up at four in the morning
and drive you to the rink,
I mean, you just,
that has to be like in you already.
So we were more like
I had a paper route
and I played football
and baseball.
And even then,
like I only played football in third grade for a few weeks and my dad took me out because he kind of was in the medical field so he saw all that cte stuff coming he goes you're not going to go out
thinking your brain's blown out okay you're slow as shit you know i was gonna do you're already not
doing good in school the last thing you need to do i remember i went there and i wanted to play
wide receiver both my parents wouldn't let me because Daryl Stingley had just
gotten paralyzed on the Patriots when he played the Raiders so uh so like so I had to change
positions and I remember I didn't I actually said I wanted to play guard because that sounded cool
to me I didn't know I was gonna be on the offensive line it was a nightmare it was a nightmare so it sounds like he was ahead of the curve because I mean it sounds so silly now like oh people didn't know I was going to be on the offensive line. It was a nightmare. It was a nightmare. So it sounds like he was ahead of the curve because, I mean,
it sounds so silly now.
Like, oh, people didn't know 30 years ago hitting your head, you know,
bashing it constantly was going to cause damage.
But, no, people didn't.
It's like smoking in the 50s.
People thought fucking camels were still good for you for some reason.
Yeah, it was.
I think that everybody knew that you could get punched drunk playing,
like boxing everybody knew that you could get punched drunk playing, like boxing everybody knew.
But I just don't think that they thought about it with, like,
just playing football and contact sports.
And I think, you know, the leagues were also new.
And there was only three channels,
and they weren't going to dedicate any sort of time talking to old-time
athletes unless they were going to glorify the old days.
So there wasn't any Brian Gumbel real sports.
There was no internet.
There was really not a lot of information.
But fortunately, my dad with his medical background understood the brain was fluid.
And all the helmet did was protect the skull, but it didn't protect the brain.
So, you know, I don't know.
Still have mixed emotions.
I loved playing.
Yeah, well, at least people now know what they're getting into.
That's really not an excuse anymore.
Now, you just mentioned the Boston Garden a few minutes ago.
Did you get to spend a lot of time in the garden as a kid?
Did you go to many games, either Celts or Bruins?
Oh, yeah.
I went to a ton.
There's one you guys can look up. I think it was in 85 or 86.
It was a bench-cle clearing brawl between the Canadians
and Bruins.
Like the first 10 games I went through because I love fights was just Bruins
Canadians.
And that's back when we had Jay Miller and they had Chris Nyland and John
Cordick. We had Lyndon Byers and Cam Neely, all these guys, everybody was,
you know, Gord Kluzak, all these guys were just,
even guys who could play could fight. And it was a bench clearing brawl.
It was back when the benches faced each other.
And I forget what Nyland did, but they sent him to the dressing room.
And back then, believe it or not, the visitor players had to walk by the Bruins' home bench
to get to their locker room.
So he went by, and either Linsman said something or whatever.
Nyland pushed him.
And Linsman, hilarious, was about my size, ran down the hall.
After Chris Nyland, they fought, hilarious, was about my size, ran down the hall after Chris Nyland.
They fought, and there was cops involved.
Nevin Marquardt had a fight at center right.
Terry O'Reilly was the coach.
Remember, he had a brown sport coat, and he grabbed somebody.
We thought he was going to throw a punch as a coach wearing a tie.
It was crazy, crazy.
But I went to a bunch of those.
I saw Mario Lemieux when he was a kid.
My big regret was I never saw  I didn't see Gretzky or those great
Oiler teams, but I went to countless games.
A big deal, we used to go  my buddy, his dad had a Ford LTD,
Ford or gigantic, just giant living room.
And we used to get a case of this beer back then called Heffenreffer,
which was known as the Green Death because it had a higher alcohol content.
I mean, it was nothing compared to whiskey, but for beer.
We were in high school.
We thought we were badasses because we were drinking it.
You know, me and three friends, we'd crush a case, you know,
eight beers apiece, and then we'd go in there,
and, you know, older people would buy beers for you.
Like, nothing was police back then.
And we'd get hammered watching the Bruins
Canadians beating the shit out of each other.
It was awesome.
That's so funny.
You mentioned how you used to have to walk through the other team's bench.
I mean, in the 70s and 80s and the way hockey was played,
I'm surprised nobody got killed trying to go to their locker room
chirping an entire team.
I remember that game, actually, seeing replays of it.
It's so funny.
Yeah, and the benches faced each other, so they didn't have to kind of look down to talk to each other they were across the ice just staring at each other yelling and it just
it just elevated it another great thing back then was how so many of the rinks were like
different sizes like it was only regulation from the goal line to goal line. But after that, it was this weird thing where the Bruins had a smaller rink.
I remember when we played Edmonton, they deliberately in the finals,
we wouldn't make the ice nice and cool.
We had it a little mushy, trying to slow them down.
I mean, it was just all that Dukes of Hazzard, Boss Hog shit that was going on back then.
And then, of course, they'd have they'd have their shit like freezing cold.
I mean, it didn't make a difference because they were flying past us.
I remember Glenn Wesley missed that open net in overtime and everybody thought everybody was like, oh, then we would have we wouldn't have beat those guys.
We still wouldn't have. I mean, it could have maybe given us a little bit of faith, but like, I mean, when you, you look at those Edmonton Oilers teams in the eighties,
that's like the 74 Pittsburgh Steelers or the,
it's like half the team is in the hall of fame. I mean,
that just doesn't happen, you know?
Yeah. After that incident by the benches, I don't know if you remember,
they ended up having to get like this giant piece of plexiglass that,
and anytime an opposing player come off the ice,
like an Asheron cop had to like hold this fucking plexiglass up.
So they couldn't fight.
Yeah, yeah, he put the thing down.
Yeah.
In the fucking hallway there.
I forgot about that.
Hey, where was the Millberry incident with the shoe and all this?
Was that beforehand or was this in the midst of it?
Yeah, that was Madison Square Garden, and that was
I think that was before I went to my first game.
That was the early 80s because I want to say Wayne Cashman was still on that team.
And he always gets shit for beating the guy in his shoes.
You really watch it.
He just takes it off and he winds up like he's got to do it.
And if you see this sad loafer in his hand,
like that life had already beaten the shit out of that guy.
There was really no reason to beat him with his own clothing.
It was almost like just a dad back in
the day of just giving that to his kid. He didn't
actually hit him, or most of the time he did in the
Boston area, but that one was just a little threatened.
Don't even come near me, you pigeon fan. I hold
your terrible shoe in my mouth
right now. You know what's funny about
that highlight is the Rangers are literally
squaring off with the Bruins,
and then the second
the bruins start going into the crowd all the rangers stop fighting they're just standing there
like whoa well this kind of this just escalated what the fuck it's the funniest shit ever because
these guys are ready to kill each other one guy in the stand he either took somebody's stick or
hit somebody on the bruins and o'reilly or somebody just went, like, right up and over.
And then that's  I think that even for hockey back then,
that was mind-boggling.
Even to the Rangers, they were like, whoa, man, what the fuck?
I would have loved to have been a fly on the wall in the Rangers dressing room
after that game if they were like, those Bruins,
they're out of their fucking mind.
We're just out here punching each other in the face, bare knuckles.
These fucking guys are going in the stands.
Well, actually, I'm a big-time NBA hater,
and people always talk about the malice at the Palace, Detroit, Indiana.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
You go see the Bruins at MSG.
Those guys had skates on on the concrete, dummying fans.
That was nothing in Detroit.
Yeah, but I got to say, I was 100 other than the fact that,
what's his face?
I never forget his name because he switched his name.
Whatever his fucking name was back then.
Metta, Metta World Peace.
What the hell was his name?
Ron Artest.
Ron Artest.
Ron Artest.
And 100 sign off on what he did.
And other than the fact that he got the wrong guy,
that bullshit where an athlete has to be,
you got to,
you know,
you got to maintain your composure and all that.
Just because a fan buys a ticket,
he gets to say,
you know,
whatever he wants.
And like,
did I,
back then I was doing a bit,
I was like,
name one bar in the world where you can
take a full beer and throw it in any man's face and you're not in a fight and not to mention a
guy who's a foot taller than you and it was just such a punk mood how that guy did it and then he
sort of stepped to the side that that poor bastard he worked at like aples and all of a sudden stared down this angry 6'10 professional
athlete.
I don't know. Professionally,
you can't say it, I guess, if you run a league.
I didn't find there wasn't one thing wrong with that.
I wish it happened
more. It only needed to happen about three
more times and that would have shut up a lot of fucking
people who never had a fight in their
life yelling at these people who
if they just stretched would accidentally
knock them out. I love when people do stuff
like that. Yeah, my favorite example
is when the guy's chirping
Ty Domi and all of a sudden the glass falls
in and the penalty box, he's like, oh shit
and Domi just starts unloading on him.
Oh yeah, that's good.
Did you see the shape that guy was in?
What crushed that glass was not
the guy's strength it was all the pizza and booze the guy had in him he's just lard the glass caved
in that shit is designed for professional hockey players to slam into one another this
on it and it just it just tapped out i'll say this as a guy who's got a few screws loose i pray for situations like that where it
gives me the green light to get in there and just fucking sucker someone and and and a like
no you never want to critical about somebody i don't want to suck upon somebody you square up
with them but don't you don't want to fucking well that's what i meant if you're coming in
and you're gonna throw a beer in my face,
it's fucking go time,
man.
Like I'm not asking questions.
Yeah.
I'm not a tough guy.
So I don't do shit like that.
I don't want to fight somebody.
I didn't want to win a fight.
Just punching somebody in the head hurts.
You usually end up breaking your hand.
I mean,
it's just like something I don't want to be involved in,
but like if someone's going to, you know, do something like that in a perfect world,
in a perfect world, you know, they at least take a liver shot, right?
Laying on the ground, you know, that's not bad.
There's no brain damage.
It's just the piercing feeling of a vital organ exploding.
Other than that, I think it's all fair, dude.
Hey, ever since you've gotten your name now and became more popular,
have you had a chance to meet any of those legends
that you grew up idolizing?
Like maybe Ray Bork?
Who was the one guy you fanboyed out on if you met him?
Oh, all of them.
I mean, I've done Dennis Leary's comics, Come Home,
and that's with Cam Neely.
I did that like three years into my career.
And I remember the first night I did it, I got to meet Cam Neely and I met Chris Nyland.
They were both great guys.
I couldn't believe, you know, I was talking to them.
And I think a few years earlier, I actually had done a gig on Martha's Vineyard. And afterwards, I was up at the bar and I looked and Jay Miller
was hanging out with uh Chris Nyland you know just you know having a beer just standing in and
then I was just like you know that whole tough guy thing with you know they beat the crap out
of each other then afterwards hey let's go get a beer or whatever so remember Lyndon Byers I don't
know if he's still at WAF I I've met him. Rick Middleton.
Yeah, I've met  I did  what's his show?
Jesus, I'm the worst.
In the moment, I always forget people's names.
Any Given Wednesday.
Bill Simmons.
Bill Simmons.
I did his show with Wayne Gretzky.
Were you just jerking off the whole time?
It was like he was so unbelievable that, i couldn't even get nervous you were just sort of dumbstruck but he was just uh he couldn't have been nicer uh you know i did a few things for
mario and you a couple times i did his charity and uh i got to meet paul coffee he was like the
biggest ball breaker ever almost like a stand-up comedian
and he wants nothing more
than you just to come over and make fun of him
all of those guys, they're really like
guys, guys
self-deprecating, like I've yet
to meet any one of those
guys back from that era that was
full of themselves, they're always just like
hey, you know
it was my job, I dropped the gloves, you know I won some, I, hey, you know, it was my job.
I dropped the gloves, you know, I won some, I lost some.
You know, they're really, like, modest about, you know, what they did.
So, yeah, but that's, you know, I think anybody meeting an athlete
that played when you were a kid is a big thing
because they're, like, bigger than life, you know,
and you still have your whole life ahead of you. So you're looking at it in a certain way as opposed to, you know, you get older,
you know, now, now if I meet a professional athlete, it's like, I'm old enough to be the
kid's dad. And all I'm thinking in my head is how the guy's spending his money going. I hope this
guy doesn't go broke as opposed to when I was a kid. I'm like, Oh my God, this is a professional
athlete. This guy's a God, you know?
I don't know, it's weird.
You mentioned Rick Middleton a minute ago.
Did you know they're retiring his number tomorrow night of the God,
number 16 finally?
Oh, they are?
There was nothing better than him on a breakaway, man.
He had the best hands, man.
He just was, you know, he really was.
It was right after like when Peter McNabb and him were on the same team.
It was before we got nearly from Vancouver.
Like those guys were sort of the ones always scoring the goals.
And McNabb was sort of like an Esposito type sort of out in front.
You couldn't just move him, you know, just a big guy.
But Rick Middleton, he he just he had all the stick handling
he'd go around make guys look stupid and shit just that stuff and you go out in the driveway you know
before rollerblades he just were running around trying to pretend you were him with the bullshit
you bought it out herman's sporting goods jesus christ you guys are taking me back here
down at the south shore plaza pick up a couple mile Mileks. Bill, I want to ask you, when the Bruins won it all in 2011,
where were you for that game?
I can tell you exactly where I was because I could have gotten tickets for it,
but I had to work.
But it was a good job.
I was  Jim Norton, the great Jim Norton,
had put together this tour called the Antisocial Network,
and the tour was Norton, Dave Attell, Jim Brewer, and myself. And, um, I forget
how the line, I think I went on second. I can't remember, but I just remember the show had started
and I was, I'd already watched the first period and I watched halfway through the second period.
Then I went out and did my bullshit act and I got off stage and it was like six minutes left
and I was the only one who cared. I was in Chicago and you know, none of the guys I was working with, you know, were from Boston. So I was watching only one who cared I was in Chicago and you know none of the guys I
was working with you know were from Boston so I was watching it by myself I remember being upstairs
in the dressing room and with like four minutes left I literally screamed like a little girl by
myself I was like oh my god they're gonna do it and then they won the fucking cup and i remember there was this meet and greet and and i i was
late i was like a 15 minutes late for it you know i got shit for it online for not being down there
but i was up there by myself because i just wanted to sit every year all these years of watching
hockey at that point let's see 1980 to 2011 that's 90 2000 31 years of watching. And just every year, just seeing some guy taking the Stanley cup and lifting it up over his head.
I was just thinking after a while,
am I ever going to see somebody with the Bruins Jersey?
And seeing Zidano and just the yell that he let out, like, ah,
it was awesome. It was so awesome. And I,
I made sure my wife taped it so I could re-watch it but um
I mean I can't imagine what I looked like when I came down to the crowd the big stupid grin on my
face and at that point it was like I I could die as a sports fan because I had seen the Patriots
Red Sox Celtics and Bruins I mean I'd already seen the Celtics in the 80s win it and now I'd
seen a Stanley Cup World Series and a Super Bowl,
and I was just like, man, this is good.
I can no longer bitch as a fan.
And fortunately, we've continued to win,
and I've also continued to bitch for some reason.
Yeah, because we're from Boston.
That's what we do.
That's what we do.
Hey, and Bill, I don't know if you know, R.A. here, our co-host,
he actually went to the game last minute,
bought a flight to Vancouver for his life savings.
I think it was like a 2,000 flight.
Went to the game, saw them win it, and ended up sneaking in.
Were you pretending to be a security guard or something?
All right, tell the story.
Actually, it was the Tampa Bay Stanley Cup party I snuck into.
I actually had a media credential for the Vancouver one,
but they usually tell you no media is allowed in the room
because they do all the interviews on the ice,
but they opened it up to local media.
So I walk in, Bill, and it's like fucking champagne flying everywhere.
I felt like I was in a dream.
I mean, I walk in and my favorite team's passing the Stanley Cup round,
they're high-fiving me.
Wait a minute.
With your accent, you got away with local Vancouver media?
No, they looked hilarious.
Low Boston media because the Bruins won the cup,
so they let all the Boston media.
Oh, I see.
You could tell he was traveling.
I'm just shocked they gave him a fucking media credential, this guy.
What was great, Bill, is there was a part where the whole team,
it was real impromptu.
Nobody videoed it.
They all started singing, we are the champions.
Somebody played it on a boom box, and nobody recorded it.
The only people who caught it were the ones who were in the room.
And it's like you get goosebumps fucking being in a room like that
because I wasn't supposed to be there, but they were cool.
They let me stay.
Yeah, those guys, that's been my experience.
I did another year I did Commerce Come Home.
It was right after they had won the Stanley Cup.
I think it was probably the beginning
of next season.
And Neely
and Leary somehow got a lot of the
guys from the team to come on the
stage in the end and wave goodnight. Thank everybody
for raising money
for the Cam Neely house.
I was blown away once again.
First of all, the shape that they're in is just
ridiculous. There's not one fat guy in the NHL.
Back in the day, the fat guy was slowly.
Tim Thomas was a little chunky.
Yeah, Thomas was chunky.
You know who blows my mind who just looks like he's playing in a beer league?
It's Phil Kessel.
There's something about his face.
He's got the jowls, man.
I mean, I love that guy.
He's a great player and everything,
but he definitely looks like he has a few in the parking lot afterwards,
you know, like a little pickup hockey action.
He's so disgusting.
People started getting tattoos of them in Pittsburgh after they won their cups
there, their back to backs, like putting Phil Kessel on their body.
Yeah, no, that's a great hockey town, man. Pittsburgh is,
I'll tell you, you you know traveling around
i've gone to most of the uh i think i've seen a home game of every team except for uh carolina
vegas and uh ottawa those are the only three ones every place else i've just through doing
stand-up on the road um and booking it around a game you know know, I've been able to go. And that's  Pittsburgh is a no-joke hockey town.
Yeah, Witt's played there for a few years.
Yeah, I played there.
I also  you're not missing much in not seeing a Hurricanes game down in Raleigh.
Don't worry about that one.
Although Vegas now  Vegas is one that you probably definitely got to hit up.
I actually tell people a lot my favorite place to play was Montreal.
I don't know. I'm sure you've been there. That atmosphere is sick. I actually tell people a lot. My favorite, my favorite place to play was Montreal. I don't know.
I'm sure you've been there.
That atmosphere is sick.
Yeah, I went up there.
I saw a game at the,
I guess it was the second Montreal forum.
I saw him in 1989,
uh,
gets the Minnesota North stars when,
uh,
when Patrick was still up there.
And,
uh,
that's when they had Guy Carboneau and Chelios.
And Nyland was still on that team, I think.
I believe he was.
And, yeah, that was unreal.
Just going up there.
And remember they said that blew along the boards up there.
And that was just a house of horrors for the Bruins for the longest freaking time.
I think by then we'd beat.
I think we played against them.
We went like some ridiculous, I don't know, like 10 years,
never won a home or playoff game in the Montreal Forum.
Like, they just fucking owned us.
It was, and that's when I was growing up,
and the young kids now can't relate to.
It was like, not only did the Boston teams not win,
other than the Celtics, it was like,
we were also the Washington Gener generals to the Yankees and to the,
like to the,
the Montreal Canadians.
And then the Patriots,
I mean,
there was,
there's like high school football teams in Texas that have a better
fucking stadium than we had.
And it was like,
I'll be honest with you.
When I was at that game with the Patriots won their first Superbowl.
And I was,
I couldn't,
I was, I thought that I that I would never see them.
I mean, I knew eventually, hopefully, the Red Sox would win a World Series,
but I was just like, the Patriots, we're barely, we're not even in the league.
It was just like a joke.
Just going through the whole Michael Jackson debacle with the Sullivans.
Did you ever hear this whole story about why they had to sell it?
The original, the Sullivans that own the Patriots.
I didn't know that.
Like, I thought it was just because they booked him.
Basically, I don't know what the correct term is,
but whether he did a show or not, they had to pay him.
And because he can't, because Foxborough didn't want him there,
you know, most likely for racist reasons,
you know, they didn't want him out there.
They still had to pay him.
And I thought that that's bankrupted him.
But a local promoter told me what really happened was for some reason, uh, Pat Sullivan, he
booked the whole tour, right?
He was going to be the, uh, the promoter of it.
And, you know, he's doing the numbers in his head, what Michael wants, what he's going to make at each venue. And it looked like he was going to be the promoter of it. And, you know, he's doing the numbers in his head, what Michael wants, what he's going
to make at each venue.
And it looked like he was going to make money.
And then when they saw the layout for the tour, Michael's stage was so fucking big,
it was eating up all of these seats.
And according to this game, I don't know if this is true or not, Sullivan went back to
him and said, can you make this stage smaller?
I'm going to lose my shirt.
And he was,
Michael Jackson was competing with Prince
and he was worried that if he made his
stage smaller, Prince was going to outdo him.
So he kept this giant stage. So not only
were the Sullivans losing money
every night because of the size of the fucking stage,
they then canceled in
Foxborough and then that was it. And then they
ended up having to sell.
And then we went to the fucking uh naruco razor guy there and then they had the
victor kiam and then they had that awful thing with the female reporter and they got all of that
zeke moat shit and then we i it just it was was terrible and that craft comes in and then all of
a sudden he's threatening to move it to connect. I was just thinking, this is never going to work out.
But fortunately, they stayed.
And, you know, I was thinking the other day, Bob Kraft,
I mean, as far as owners go, his head coaching hires,
Bill Parcells, Pete Carroll, Bill Belichick.
I mean, the guy's gone three for three as far as like,
I think, what's his face?
P. Carroll is going to end up in some sort of sports hall of fame maybe.
I don't know.
Maybe that USC shit hurts him a little bit.
I don't know.
Well, the fact that he was dating a 20-year-old?
I don't know.
I thought that was going to get him in.
Well, he looks so goddamn wholesome, man.
He really does. He looks like he goes to church
every week. He's like
that dad where all the girls go over
to the one dad's house and they're like, I would
go him. And then they say it
to the daughter and they're like, shut up. Don't say
that. That's my dad.
We're in DILF territory now.
And the one from the single parent house actually does it.
That's how it goes.
And then he divorces his mom and they have a relationship.
And it's fucking weird.
Now she has no more friends, but she has a 60-year-old boyfriend.
Yep.
And then one day social media comes out and the next thing you know,
we know about it.
It's a weird world we're living in.
Fucking sure is.
By the way, it was 1988
the Bruins ended that jinx after like 40
years of not beating the Canadians, Bill.
I want to transition over to
your comedy career and talk about that for a little bit.
Basically, when did you know
that you wanted to be a comedian when you were a
kid? Did you watch Delirious and say
fuck man, that's what I want to do or was there
some other process? How did you wake up one day
and say this is what I want to do for a living? No, none of it's as much as I loved
standup and I bought all the records and would, you know, I would be doing my paper route,
reciting the routines, pretending, fantasizing. I was in front of my, you know, my whole grade
and everybody was laughing and all the pretty girls like me, it still didn't connect with me.
Like, Hey Bill, maybe you want to be a comedian just because just show business was
so far away it was in la and i didn't even know it was in new york but you had to move to hollywood
and just you know i didn't even know that there was a local club scene i didn't know anything
about it and it wasn't until i was like uh 20 or 21 i was working in this warehouse and there was
this other guy i worked with funny enough another redhead and every bit as funny as I was, just a next level, like funny guy I
met.
Like, I was like, wow, this guy is really funny.
And he loves staying up the way I did.
And it was funny.
I used to go over to his house before his parents' house.
He's still living at home.
We go into his room and, you know, back in the day, you'd crush a six pack.
So you'd save a little bit of money going out to the club, get a little buzz going.
You still do that.
Yeah, Grinnell does that every weekend.
Yeah, you got to do it.
You got to have a couple in you, right?
So we'd crush a six-pack or whatever and drink them real fast to get a nice buzz, try to drink it.
And we would just watch stand-up spotlight and all these late 80s, early 90s stand standup shows. And one night he's going, Bill, we're funnier than these people.
And he goes, one of these nights, I'm going to take a shot at Jack Daniels. I'm just going to
get up on stage. And all of a sudden it wasn't on TV anymore. It was sitting next to me. And I was
thinking like, oh shit. Well, you can just do that. Like, I didn't know that. I didn't know
you could just find an open mic somewhere. I thought I literally thought I had to move to Hollywood to start um like I don't know what I don't know why I thought that
but I did so that's how I ended up uh getting into it it was speaking of that I know a guy who did
that I know a guy who moved to Hollywood all right and started in LA which is the hardest fucking thing you could ever do if you're ever going to try to start out as a comedian is to start in L.A.
And this guy did it.
And he was this guy.
He was down the hall from me.
It was like 1998 or 99.
There was this guy down the hall, a Chicago guy.
And he comes up.
He goes, hey, because you're a comedian, right?
And I was thrilled because, you know, this is like six, seven years of my career.
Nobody, nobody knew who the hell it was.
And I was like, yeah, yeah.
And you know, so he starts asking me all these questions about how he wants to get into comedy
and all this shit.
Long story short, I moved back to New York.
Five years later, I come out and I see him on stage at the comedy store.
I'm like, holy shit, that fucking guy did it.
Right.
And then I ended up moving out in 2007.
And this guy got to the point where he was one of the guys.
And recently, that fucking guy who was just down the hall from me,
he just sold out Madison Square Garden four fucking times in the round.
Sebastian Maniscalco.
I don't know if you guys know him.
He's fucking hilarious.
Oh, is he the one who's very flamboyant?
He's like the Italian guy.
Chicago Italian.
Yeah, Italian guy guy he was right down
the right right that was the dude living down the hall from it i just recently uh he went billboards
uh stand-up comedian of the year and i got to present him the award i got to tell that story
and we were just laughing afterwards like it's one of the coolest stories I have that there was just this guy down
the hall going, Hey, how do you, how do you start and stand up?
And now he's like, you know, I mean, you sell it out four times in the round.
It's like, that's when you could like sit down with like you too and be like,
what's up, man?
Hey Bono, I did the same thing.
Stadium, you know?
Yeah.
You're taking his glasses off and like making fun of him
yeah I mean
yeah so but anyway
so luckily I started in Boston
and there was all these
just incredible
incredible headliners that I got to
open for
I mean the hours and hours and hours that I
watched those guys and just learned
and learned and learned and learned and learned.
Kevin Knox, Tony B, Frank Zanarelli, Don Kenevan, Steve Sweeney,
on and on and on.
Mike Donovan.
I always forget a few guys each time.
I always try to say all their names because I learned so much from all.
Kenny Rogerson.
Yeah, just a whole bunch of those guys.
And all of them just went up and in their own way,
just fucking leveled the room.
And killing in Boston, I quickly learned,
killing in Boston was killing.
And I went other places, you know, when I first got down to New York
and I worked some of these places in Jersey and the tri-state area.
And some of them, oh, man, that guy killed, he killed us.
I was like, he had a good set.
He wasn't like when these guys in Boston, when they were killing, I mean,
I guess because it was a 400 seat or two, but it just like when Kevin Knox was on stage,
the whole time he was up there, it sounded like there was a jet landing.
It was like hovering because it never quite landed and shut off its engines. Like it just, they just murdered.
And they just kind of showed you, um,
John Panette.
I saw John Panette one night coming to the next comedy store,
next comedy stop, finding comedy clubs now.
He came in and did a 15 minute spot and got a standing ovation.
Like just, you know, I've seen people get standing ovations but
you got to kill for an hour he fucking destroyed sea head for 15 minutes and the place was like
half full it was like 40 people standing up applauding this guy he's like i said i don't
say whatever it was like it meant nothing to him and I just remember seeing that That is killing
And then when big guys came to town
Like Brian Regan was a guy
I don't know
I've seen a lot of greats
So there's a
In hockey there's a million stories
Of a guy who gets found
Because a scout went to watch a guy on his team
And sees him and you get the one break In hockey to make it to the NHL at times.
Was there anything you look back on like, holy shit, that was the game changer.
That was what really kind of helped my career take off.
The way it worked out for me was a bunch of things.
This long timeline where this led to this that led to this that led to this
led to this it was all you know being lucky enough that my parents moved to Massachusetts
so I started in Massachusetts and I grew up with kids from from Massachusetts who were just
inherently funny I think helped me out you know um and seeing those great headliners. I think the,
the,
the biggest thing that,
that happened as far as like me starting to get known and selling tickets
was probably,
um,
in 2005,
I did a half hour for HBO and right before it came out,
Jim Norton got an acting gig on lucky Louie, Louie CK's show on HBO.
And so he couldn't do the Opie and Anthony show.
So he got to sit in.
And I sat in for that show for two months.
And fortunately, their fan base liked what I did.
And after two months, right as I had some road case coming out, my half hour on HBO
came out. And, um, that was the first time I actually sold out a club, you know, like a 200
seater and whatever. And I dealt with this new pressure. It used to be the pressure of, uh,
who the fuck's this guy make me laugh. Now I was dealing with the pressure of like expectation.
Like we came here specifically to see
you because we think you're funny and and I remember like this fear going like I finally
got him to show up now if I have a bad set now like how far is this going to set me back I'll
have to have you know wait until HBO gives me another half an hour. God knows how many years. So, you know, but that's how this business works.
It kind of weeds out.
It weeds out the week.
So you just have to, even if you're not strong, which I wasn't,
you have to figure out how to pretend to be strong and fake your way through it,
which I did.
And it was an adjustment period.
It was a good three, four months before I started to,
I got used to this different sound when I went to stage,
which was anticipation.
Before then, it was like, hey, you know, whatever.
And I had to deal with these people.
These people are going to fucking hate me.
They don't know who they are.
And once I got used to the new sound,
I was able to kind of relax into it. fortunately go on a nice little run here so did
your were your nerves always there but then they just escalated or were you just not really even
nervous before where when you kind of scaled up your that's all of a sudden like the anxiety
before you went on you're like oh shit no i don't it's all nerves until you're out there then once i was out there
it was fine because no matter what was happening i could deal with it if i was bombing i'm on bomb
before if i was killing great and i but it was just the not knowing and it's just like for the
love of god let's rip the band-aid off just yeah say my fucking name so i can go up there. That's what it was. It was the the waiting. And then, you know,
before I was known,
it was the
nerves where, you know, you get a drunk
aggressive crowd.
And, you know, you'd get good at it after a while.
Like all comics, once it's on the road,
they know who's going to be
the fucking problem
as they're walking in.
You can be in the green room and just hear somebody's laugh or something.
That guy, that person, you know, by the time I get up in a half hour, they're going to be three more drinks in, you know.
And then once you build a relationship with the club, you can actually call someone.
Just do me a favor. Just watch that fucking guy because I'm not in the mood for it tonight.
And, you know, you get a little Tom Brady.
You talk to the referee and you get the fucking call, you know?
Hey, you just come out swinging at them and they're like,
whoa, what the fuck, I didn't even say anything.
I know you were going to say something.
No, and I've made that mistake.
I made a mistake. I made a mistake.
I did a thing for a long time.
I thought anybody talking in the crowd was saying that I stunk.
And half the time they'd just be ordering food or saying, oh, my God, that happened to me.
And then I fucking cut their head off with the sickle.
And I remember afterwards, this is back when I was selling CDs at the end of my show, you know, and all these women and shit would come up to me.
Like I was just trying to get some chicken fingers.
You're a fucking asshole.
And yeah.
And I was feeling like an idiot.
And, um, Jim Norton was the guy I learned.
I saw him.
I still remember the set.
I saw him at Caroline and he said, Oh, he just said, what'd you say?
Oh, okay.
Okay.
And he just, you know, he addressed it.
And I was just, I remember thinking like, Oh, you can just you know he addressed it and i was just i remember
thinking like oh you can just do that i thought if anybody talks you gotta tell them to go fuck
themselves like it was really you know sort of just the part of the world i grew up in
where it was just everybody was always busting balls and if anybody was laughing at you it
wasn't good natured like they were really it, it was, you know, as funny as Boston is,
there's a Massachusetts, there was a meanness to that game.
Um, at least with white people, there was like white people play that,
that giving each other the shit. It gets real quick.
They bring up dead relatives and stuff. Um,
and I didn't realize that until i met the late great patrice
where you know he'd make fun of my fucking sneakers and i would just go right for juggling
be like god damn bill like you don't even you're even trying to have fun this is supposed to be fun
so i had to learn i was just like yeah and i had to be like well look that's how yeah that's how
the game was played in my house. My own
dad played the game that way. He just
went right for it. There was a weakness.
You went at it, but there was no
love behind it. It was just like
now, grabbing you by the back of the neck and
you're rubbing your nose in it.
At least my wife's not getting fucked by the mailman.
He's like, what?
All he did was say your sweater
was a little tight.
Bill, actually, before we ask another question,
I just wanted to remind our listeners that this interview is also brought to you by 23andMe.
And now through December 25th, the 23andMe DNA kits are on sale.
23andMe helps you understand what your DNA can tell you about you and your family story.
It's named for the 23 pairs of chromosomes that make up your DNA.
A 23andMe DNA kit is the perfect gift for everyone you love.
There's never been a better way to give the gift of genetic discovery
to your parents, your siblings, your aunts, your grandparents,
and everyone else on your list.
It's the one gift you can buy the entire family that will be unique for each loved one. 23andMe Health Plus Ancestry Service include
90 plus personalized generic reports that offer DNA insights on what makes you unique.
And it's easy to do. You simply spit in the tube provided in your 23andMe kit, register your sample
to your personal 23andMe account, and in a few weeks, you'll receive your personalized online reports.
Now through December 25th, you get 30 off any 23andMe kit.
Order your DNA kit at 23andMe.com slash chicklets.
That's the number 23andme.com slash chicklets.
Again, 23andme.com slash chicklets.
Bill, did you ever play the great Ding Ho Club in Cambridge,
which is basically like, for those who aren't familiar with it,
it's kind of like the Sun Records Studio to rock and roll.
That's kind of what the Ding Ho was to 80s comedy,
to the 80s American comedy scene.
Were you ever lucky enough to play that?
That's a great comparison.
No, I wasn't. That was
long gone
by the time I got there. That was all
you know,
DJ Hazard was another
guy. All those guys played there.
There's a lot of great
stories. You know, Stephen Wright and that
Lenny Clark and those
guys. Barry Cremins too. He just passed guys. Barry Cremins, too.
He just passed away.
Barry Cremins, yeah, rest his soul.
All of those guys, they would, you know,
the Tonight Show would go to this fucking Chinese restaurant
to watch these guys.
It's a picture of his crazy.
It was crazy, but they, it was like,
I feel like Leno took the beach where he was doing stand-up in
boston when there was no clubs and he used to be down the combat zone excuse the combat zone just
going on in front of uh you know in front of strippers and shit um and then there was a gap
it seems like but he moved to new york or la and i don't quite know where he went after that. And then, uh, Lenny and all those guys came and, um,
I always wondered what, what got them, like how it started.
I'm sure they told me the story, but we're always, you know, I don't know.
Hanging out after one of those comments come home. So I always forget the story.
They say, if you stand in front of the ding hole on a crystal clear day,
you can actually still smell the cocaine from inside. I'm going to have no comment on that. I wasn't there. I
heard that those guys did a lot of reading when they were there, and they helped a lot of people
out. They did a lot of good. They certainly did. Well, our our podcast i think we towed the line a little bit you
know the whole pc culture now i think we were able to slide by a little stuff just because it's hockey
and you know some people don't get mad but i feel like you and comedians in general now have to deal
with this new culture and and i know you're yourself you know like you're saying you cut to
the core you'll go below the belt things like that is it harder now for you or do you not even really give a shit what people think?
And if they're going to be mad at one of your jokes, so be it.
It's my joke.
Yeah, no, it's it's that's just more of a media story.
It's it's way exaggerated as far as like the amount of people that are actually that get offended versus the ones that don't.
are actually that get offended versus the ones that don't,
the amount of people that aren't mature enough to go to a comedy show and just, you know, understand that they're listening to jokes.
And I mean like my favorite people, the people, you know,
20 subjects goes by and it's all, it's all good.
Then all of a sudden it comes onto your front lawn and all of a sudden you're
not telling jokes anymore. You're making statements.
And then they start telling you what you mean by your joke and you're literally being like that's not that wasn't
the point of the joke and they're arguing like it's like so you know what my brain is telling
me more than i do i mean i'm the one hearing it you realize what you're saying is like fucking
insane right now but it's just it's just it's just how you know but this is a it's it's just, it's just, it's just how, you know, but this is a, it's, it's a combination
of social media and the fact that there's 30 million things to look at and, and, and, and
take in all at once as far as content that people have to, um, they have to make a noise
in order to get people to stop and people getting in
trouble is a great way to get hit.
So that's why if 2000 people go to a show and you get a standing ovation,
except one person,
one person got triggered like that becomes the story.
And it's like, that isn't the story. That is a story,
but that is not an accurate depiction of what happened but then
they'll turn around they'll write a headline and just be like um you know uh you know two people
you know whatever blah blah blah after his his um what are the words say the phrases they use they
use like his face and um insidious remarks or uh incendiary something about fire i don't know incendiary
incendiary yes yeah comments and blah blah blah and then they'll just say you know is
so-and-so in hitler you know they'll do so then so then they're not liable they haven't said that
you are they just they just presented the question and then every mouth breathing more on me oh this
guy likes hitler that's how they read it and then meanwhile they're reading all
of this they're meeting they're reading this complete distortion of the eve of the evening
and they never mentioned that you got a standing ovation everybody had a good fucking time except
for two people and meanwhile as you're scrolling reading the shit there's all these these ads
on on like the side like the amount of money that's been made off of sexual assault Meanwhile, as you're scrolling, reading the shit, there's all these ads on the site.
The amount of money that's been made off of sexual assault and all this horrible shit that's going on out there via clickbait and all these people who are pretending that they care about victims first.
They don't.
They care about their money.
If you just look at the way that they present it, it's like they're not offering anything new.
They don't have a decent take on it or anything.
They just have a crazy headline.
And then you just have as many fucking ads as they can possibly jam in there.
And I love that they never get called out on.
They'll sit there and call comics out on telling jokes.
But, you know, nobody talks about them, you know, what, what, what they're doing. So, but I, I think all of them, you know,
there's a lot of paper tigers out there and all you do is when they come at
you, the worst thing you can do is apologize.
What you do is you just go right back at them.
It's just what I fucking love about you guys.
When that guy did that, try to do the takedown, uh, piece on Dave and you,
and you know, and he's trying to be all fucking PC and then he actually
sticks his fucking foot in his mouth and
assumes because you have a female CEO
that she's just there
to check off a box
and she comes back like, no asshole
since I've been here I've grown this company by
30-40 and then him
tucks his balls behind his legs
and doesn't even fucking respond.
You know what I mean?
That's the type of bullshit.
You're taking that side of it.
And then you're being a hypocrite by basically saying we hired a woman just to
check the box and she's actually scaled it up.
So like who, who's actually the fucking sexist person here?
Exactly.
He ended up making himself look sexist because he assumed that that's what you guys did.
And then once he realized that that was what was going on, he doesn't even respond.
I mean, that's that's that's.
If you're going to fucking do that, if you're just going to dedicate, you know, that amount of words to take one guy down that you never met before.
OK, and then if you get something wrong, you know,
when they come back at you, you should, you know,
if you were a man, you would have responded.
That guy just disappears into the ether.
So that's a lot of what's going on out there.
And, you know, I found when people, when you go at, you know,
as long as you didn't do it, if you did something wrong, you apologize.
But if you didn't, and someone's just being one of these, you know, douchebags,
I don't know what, they're either, they're so into whatever, like,
cause that they're into that they can't see you for who you are
or even listen to you, or if they're just doing some clickbait shit.
I mean, if you go at them, like, they implode.
or if they're just doing some clickbait shit.
I mean, if you go at them, they implode.
Bill, I watched that part.
I watched that Fox 5 interview you did.
That's one of your top clicks on YouTube about when you were talking about your cartoon and stuff like that.
You could tell you were in no room for bullshit that day,
and she tried to make a comment about how people were upset about you
taking a stab at the Christianity.
And then you kind of just went on a rant and put her right into a corner.
And it was fucking amazing.
And I was having fun.
It wasn't Christianity.
It was the Catholic Church, because I think you went a little too hard on the Catholic.
Don't you think you went a little too far with the Catholic Church?
I don't even remember saying this.
Some people just sent it to me.
I said, well, don't you think the Catholic Church went a little too far? I mean, then that's, you know,
and to her credit, she kind of, she didn't say anything after that. She was a nice person. So
that's one thing I don't like about the internet. It immediately becomes like,
this person's cool. This person's a douche. It's just like, you know, it was her religion probably.
So she, you know, she's a little bit of a
penn state fan you know they want to they want to dial it down a little bit you know
come on put the statue back up come on they were just raping kids come on look at all the games he
won bill the political correct stuff it feels cyclical at
this point i remember this they complained about this like 25 30 years ago this for kind of first
wave of it and then it feels like like you said people just kind of comedians are going to do what
they want movie filmmakers are going to make the movies they want and then it kind of quiets down
and it just feels like people are complaining again but you know as a straight white guy from
boston in 2018 you kind of have to walk this sort of comedy tightrope, you know, and you haven't ended up like one of the, you,
you don't though, right? Yeah. I don't, I don't because most people are, are adults,
male, female, black, white, Asian, they're adults. They're going to a comedy club and they know
that there's going to be a lot of crazy shit set because that's what it is and you laugh because the shit being said
is crazy you don't take it seriously all right so i'm not going to adjust the same way if i'm
going to write a script i'm not going to dumb it down because there's dumb people out there
you know like i got to compensate because there's mouth breathing morons out there.
I don't need them to see this.
And if I make less money, fine.
Stand up comedy is the same thing.
Like, I'm not going to dial down what it is I'm doing because there's people out there that are so wrapped up selfishly in their own bullshit.
so wrapped up selfishly in their own bullshit that my favorite fucking thing is the people that get offended by something that was said at a show that they weren't at
that's my favorite thing it's like you have no one to blame yeah other than yourself for
clicking on it you clicked on it you dumb fuck you saw what the title was it's like you wanted to get
pissed off and if you have anybody to blame it's the asshole who filmed it and posted it
the comic didn't do it the comic's doing his job he's at the fucking club
doing his fucking job saying crazy shit trying to make people laugh bill what do you what do you think of snl now is it fucking junk or what uh no i don't think it's junk i mean there's all kinds there's always
talented people on there and they always go everybody always thinks that it's a wrap
and then it's over and then then all of a sudden the new cast finds their characters and then
you know that it gets then everybody loves them and then they all move on to movies
it's like I'm so old I've seen
people say
I've been hearing people say that show
was over every five years since 1980
so I'm going to go out on
a limb and I'm going to say that it's
going to be fine
fuck I was hoping you were just going to
trash it
can you just can we redo it redo it and you just lay into it?
What happened?
Did you audition and they didn't cast you?
You seem like you have a real personal vendetta here.
I feel like they've caved into the PC culture, and it's bullshit.
I hope you're going to lay into them.
I understand what you're saying.
What we were going to do is we were going to take this piece of it
and put it online just to get clicks.
Well, I mean, they're also  it's trench warfare out there right now.
There's all these streaming services.
I mean, Netflix has knocked everybody on their ass.
And people, they got to do what they got to do.
I don't know.
That shit is all
bigger than me but i i understand what you're saying if you've been watching snl for a long
time it's but it's gone through it's like i think what the first class that they had it seems like
these people don't even vote and then in the 80s there was a while where it got a little more conservative with Dennis Miller and those guys. And then it was kind of fun in the 90s. And I think now, you know,
definitely leaning left. But I just, you know, I just think that's just part of
this. I don't know. It's just part of the ebb and flow of it. You know, comedy changes like
music or anything like that.
So, like I said, you know, I'm also a 50-year-old guy.
Who the fuck am I to tell anybody in their 20s what they should be joking about?
So, God bless them. Continued success.
So, what is up next for you?
I know you got some big plans.
And if you're not too busy, do you ever catch any live games,
any NHL games, or are you just too busy now?
No, no, no.
I went to the Kings versus the Flyers.
I always try to get a Kings game in.
I don't know when the Bruins
are coming through, but I hate
seeing Boston teams.
I hate seeing Boston teams when I'm out here.
Because they always end up
losing because they come out here
and I feel like they just go partying
in Hollywood.
What do you mean you think? The worst is that they're up losing because they come out here and I feel like they just go party in Hollywood.
What do you mean you think?
The worst is that they're playing the Ducks and then they got the Kings the next night.
It's just like, you know, bet the Kings, man.
I'm telling you.
Because, and I think the coaches, they try to keep them in Anaheim.
They try to keep them out of Hollywood.
But, you know, you're in your 20s.
You're playing pro hockey. got eight pack abs you're not gonna go down to the sunset strip but come on you're going down there of course you are
did you uh did you uh to the same way so you know my times i've gone to a fucking seen the
celtics lose to the clippers during the paul pierce years antoine walker we would be crushing
people then we come in there we'd score like fucking 80 points.
The place would be going nuts.
And there'd be Laker fans all excited.
Because I couldn't afford the Celtics-Lakers tickets back in the day.
So, yeah, back then.
But even now I wouldn't go because I hate L.A. fans.
Bill, I wanted to bring up one aspect of your career,
which I'm personally a big fan of.
You know, you are a part of one of the greatest TV dramas of all time, Breaking Bad, a huge fan
of the show. I think everybody who's watched is a fan of the show. How did you, did you have to
finagle an audition for that? Did your agent get it for you? How did you fall into that? Because
the show is, you know, pretty popular. And when you were on it, did you know it was going to be one of the all time greats?
I got it by, I was a fan of the show from the beginning.
I just finished the wire and that show came out and I saw the billboard
breaking bad. I wasn't even familiar with, with the expression.
And I started watching it in three episodes in,
I just think I was part of the first wave of people trying to get a guest star on the show.
And I was able to somehow get into...
Philip Grenz was my agent at William Morris at the time.
And he got a tape over to them.
And fortunately, you know, in the writer's room, you know, your brain is about to explode.
And every once in a while, you got to take a break. Forget about, you know, in the writer's room, you know, your brain is about to explode. And every once in a while,
you got to take a break,
forget about,
you know,
what happens on episode family.
Forget about when you're doing something at the level of breaking bad.
So they used to watch comedy clips and I guess they knew who I was.
They were like,
Hey,
you know,
he can act.
Well,
we'll stick a pin in them.
Meaning you're,
you're on the board.
And if something comes up,
you know,
we'll,
uh,
we'll give you a shout.
So something came up,
uh,
in season four and uh
so i went down i did it it was it was surreal it was my favorite show on tv and all of a sudden i
was on it i felt like i got sucked into my tv it's the story i always tell and um as we were
shooting it was when it blew up because they had done three seasons on amc and they were expensive
and they were expensive and they
were weren't getting the they were critics darling but they hadn't found the audience yet
and AMC put it on Netflix where it was streaming and then that's when it blew up so I did the
episode for season four and there was still this awesome show that I liked and I was telling people to watch. And right after I taped it,
season one, two, and three got on Netflix
and blew up, something like that.
Because I know when I went there, I was like psyched
and I knew it was an awesome show
and people that were into it really loved it.
But between the time I recorded,
it was that car wash scene was the first one I did.
And, um, it like over the summer or whatever,
but by the time season four came out, like, I,
I felt like their, their audience like quadrupled and everybody was caught up.
It couldn't wait. And all of a sudden,
like people in my family were watching it and I was, and I was like, yeah,
I did an episode of that they're like no way
and like you know i was all excited that you know to see my my name in the beginning with like the
from the uh what is that the credits such a bad sign yeah but no but that's the uh the
in chemistry what do you call it the fucking the the periodic table
periodic table there you go table. There you go.
There you go.
Yeah.
Holy shit, Bill.
Did you even go to high school?
Fuck, you might have CT.
No, I did.
Hey, Bill.
Dude, high school was like frigging 30 years ago, dude.
And, you know, I don't know about you.
Has the periodic table come up much in your life?
You know what I mean?
You know, it seems like people can't leave art
alone, you know, for art's sake, and people
don't like any sort of... They can't leave art alone,
kid!
There we go. Art!
Art!
Can't leave art alone.
People don't like sort of any ambiguity in
their TV or movies, but, you
know, even so, I'm going to ask the question.
Now, we all know Huell's still twiddling his thumbs in that room,
but what's Kubi up to?
Did he end up in a barrel because of the Nazis,
or is he living the high life off all that money somewhere?
Where's Kubi right now?
What's he doing?
You know what?
You'd have to ask Vince and all those guys.
But if I had to guess, I think that uh i think because he only seemed to be brought
like like hugh was was saul's right hand man as far as like security and it seemed that there
was a bigger job where you needed two people they'd bring me in so i was kind of a freelance
guy so i was if hugh's still alive then i think i'm still alive but who knows he of a freelance guy. So I would, if he'll still alive, then I think I'm still alive,
but who knows?
He's a bigger guy than I,
we get,
we're going to see you on better call.
Saul.
I hope so.
I hope so.
But either way, I'm going to keep watching,
man.
I love what those guys do.
And,
um,
you know,
I,
that's one of the,
you know,
I,
I've been very lucky in my career where my IMDB page is a quick read,
but I've gotten to like paratroop into some really cool stuff from Chappelle's show to Breaking Bad.
I got to do a movie with Mike Binder and Kevin Costner called Black or White.
And I got a movie out right now with Hugh Jackman called The Front Runner.
And it's about the Gary,
it's the Gary hat story.
It's a great,
it's a great film to promote in Boston.
The Front Runner starring Hugh Jackman is Gary hat.
If you like high hat.
Yeah,
you had a mistress kid.
The monkey business.
Yeah. So that was a, kid. The monkey business. Yeah.
So that was a fun one.
It's funny.
I play a guy that works for the Miami Herald with my Boston accent, you know.
So I come from that school of acting.
You know, I am as far away from Daniel Day-Lewis as there is.
Well, dude, we can't thank you enough.
This is a thrill for us and huge to have you on.
I love talking to an old-school hockey fan.
Also, for everyone, F is for Family, your show from Netflix,
that's coming back for its third season.
Is that very soon now?
Yeah, and that will be streaming, I don't know when this comes out,
but November 29th, which is tomorrow in my world.
Boom.
You can get it,
you can get it on Netflix.
You can watch all the season three.
And then hopefully if enough people watch it,
we'll get to do season four.
We've been talking though,
some point season four,
I'm like,
we gotta go,
we gotta have him go to a hockey game,
man.
It's a game in the seventies.
We gotta,
you know,
it takes place in the mid seventies.
That means the Flyers would have been the Broad Street Bullies back then.
The Bruins Rangers
was the big rivalry
with Bobby Orr
and Brad Park
and all of that shit.
Could be fun.
We'll see.
If you need a hand,
let me know.
I'm available.
Okay.
Hey, thanks a lot.
with your accent.
I mean,
that could be fun
to have you in the crowd
yelling some shit out.
I don't know.
We shall see.
But thank you guys
so much for having me
and thanks for helping me
promote Ephesus Family. No, this is great for us. Appreciate it very much. Thank you. I don't know. We shall see. But thank you guys so much for having me, and thanks for helping me promote Ephesus Family.
No, this is great for us.
Appreciate it very much.
Thank you.
All right, guys.
Go Bruins.
I'll see you.
All right.
See you, Bill.
That interview was also brought to you by Eagle Energy.
Like I mentioned last week,
Eagle Energy partnered up with 21 Savage
to release their limited edition
Savage Energy caffeine inhaler pens.
It's an odd collaboration, but what the hell?
Nicotine-free, no sugar or calories, Eagle Energy.
They're the caffeine inhaler sticks.
Of course, we mentioned the Guarana, the ginseng, and the taurine,
all the natural products it has in it.
Way better than coffee.
You don't get that rotten
gut after. You're not going to shit your brains out. Eagle Energy, caffeine inhalers. They're
unbelievable. I do them all the time. Great coffee supplementation instead of the coffee,
nicotine-free. Eagle Energy, go get them. Biz21.
Huge thanks once again to Bill Burr, man. That was quite a thrill of my, I guess, career,
I guess we can call our interviewing career here.
Boys, what did you think of Bill Burr's interview?
I thought it was fantastic.
Like, you know, we couldn't thank him enough,
and he's probably just going to go crush it in Europe.
So he's just such a funny dude.
He can be talking about anything, and he's going to make you laugh.
So we appreciate it.
Not going to lie, right before he came on,
I was thinking a
just a little sensitive getting the guy who talked about cranking himself out in front of ladies but
that was a different uh redheaded uh yeah other redheaded comedian yeah i was like oh i was like
boys i don't think i don't think this is good pr lewis ck is the one oh yeah yeah yeah so good
thing i did a quick google search i would have asked about him tugging himself in front of women without asking them good move yeah guys if i had one complaint
i wish we could have just just talked about the boston bruins for an hour and a half
just to piss off the people who have already commented oh boston minds yes yeah i don't get
it a boston podcast there's three or four people from Boston.
And if I could go back in time and be born in Boston just to piss more of you off commenting, I would.
I'd take a fucking time machine.
I don't think we'd be where we're at if this was all four of us from Boston.
Speaking of Boston biz, I think you got  because I have been at three Stanley Cup celebrations.
I think you got the stories conflated there.
The Boston one, I actually didn't crash that one. I did have a press pass. I was allowed to be there.
Of course, we know the Detroit story.
You know,
the night Whitney lost and I was in the locker room.
But the Tampa story was a pretty crazy one,
Biz, okay? I had already
been to Florida a week before I went to game two
for a little vacation. Come home, back
to Boston. I get up.
I get up. I get up.
What are you laughing at?
You vacation in Florida?
I'm shocked.
Yeah.
So went to game two.
Daytona Beach only.
Oh, my God.
You are fucking the epitome of Florida.
Sarasota, man.
Sarasota's nice.
That's a good.
You are a walking Florida vacation.
Anyway, sorry to interrupt.
That's all right.
So game seven was a Monday morning. I get up regular day,
seven o'clock in the morning, went to work, my crumb
bum job, crumb bum job.
I'm sitting there about noon. My buddy
calls me. He says, hey, he goes, I got a ticket
for the game tonight. Now it's game seven. Somebody
has to win. It's fucking noon. I'm in Boston.
I was like, dude, why couldn't you call me earlier?
He goes, dude, if you can get down here, I get a ticket
for you. So I was like, fuck it. So
I pretended sick. I walked into my supervisor's office all hunched over. She's like, oh, you don't look so good. I was like, oh, dude, if you can get down here, I get a ticket for you. So I was like, fuck it. So I pretended sick. I walked into my supervisor's office, all hunched over. She's like, oh, you
don't look so good. I was like, oh, meanwhile, I'm healthy as a horse. I goes, yeah, I should go home.
So I called Logan Airport. I booked the flight to Tampa, called my father. He goes, dad, make me a
bag in the back room with some clothes. Come pick me up. He's like, you're right. He probably thought
I was like on the run or something. I was like, just come pick me up. I need a ride to Logan.
So I get in, you know, get to the airport.
I'm in line to get on the plane.
My buddy calls me.
He's like, dude, I didn't hear back from you.
I had to go to a doctor's appointment.
He goes, that ticket's gone.
I was like, fuck it, man.
I'm getting on the plane.
I'll see you when I get there and I'll deal with it when I get there.
So I had a thousand dollars with me.
I'm like, I'll pay up to a thousand dollars to get in the game because it's a game seven.
Someone's going to win.
And I ended up getting a ticket for 500 bucks.
Watch the whole game.
Watch the cup come out after I was fucking smothered.
I actually left the arena biz, went to the bar across the street, my buddy,
but he had to leave.
So he's like, dude, I got, I got the kids tomorrow.
I can't stay out and potty left.
Dude, this buddy of yours sucks.
First he gave away the ticket.
And then after the cups won, he left.
Well, back then I don't think there were cell phones.
It was like carrier. Yeah, it cell phones. It was like carrier.
Yeah, exactly.
It wasn't as easy to get in touch with people.
Yeah, there wasn't actually texting and shit then, was there?
There was still MapQuest.
So, meanwhile, I have a mutual friend,
a friend who's played with Marty St. Louis at UVM.
We have a mutual friend.
So I'm calling him, trying to get him,
because I know he's inside the building.
Well, when I die and go to heaven or wherever I go,
if there's one memory I want to be replayed that I was blacked out for, it's this night in Tampa, because I don't
know how I bullshit my way back into the building, into the party where the fucking Stanley Cup was.
I snuck back in there. I ended up meeting up with my buddy, Phil and Marty St. Louis and Richards.
And like an hour later, I'm sitting there with the cup, but I didn't have a camera. I had no
evidence. People like, yeah, bullshit. So anyways, fast forward two weeks later, I get that picture in the email,
the one with Marty St. Louis with the fresh cuts from the game seven
and me off to the side screaming.
That's the only, like, evidence I have from being at that party that night.
So that's what happened that night, Biz.
I woke up in Boston, 8 o'clock, went to work, and ended up fucking in Tampa Bay.
So then at, like, 4 in the morning, they finally boot everyone out,
and I'm smothered, and I got to go to the airport.
But my flight's not until eight.
Hold on.
One of those news trucks is there.
I'm just so drunk, I just want to like pass out for an hour.
I open the door.
Some guy's like, he's stealing the truck.
He's stealing the truck.
And the cops fucking rip up.
It's like four o'clock in the morning.
I'm blasted.
I'm like, what, what?
They're like, buddy, what are you doing?
I'm like, I just need somewhere to rest my head.
The cops are like, listen, we'll get you a cab to the airport.
But if we see you here again, we'll lug at you.
Fuck, I went back to the airport.
You didn't have a hotel room.
No, no, I didn't.
Yeah, I didn't even have a hotel room.
I told you he's a walk in Florida vacation.
Okay, I have a theory as to why you're able to get in the back of these things.
I have a theory too. I want to say the same thing. You look them in the back of these things. I have a theory too.
I wonder if you're going to say the same thing.
You look them in the eyes.
You say, I'm the janitor.
And you say it so naturally because you're not fucking actually lying.
And they're like, who the fuck would lie about that one?
But he's also smothered.
Yeah, I was messy.
I don't know how.
I don't know if I physically hid or snuck behind or told lies.
I don't know.
I have no fucking clue.
My theory is that you started talking to him,
and then you were talking to him so much and so often.
He told many stories.
He was just like, dude, go ahead.
Get away from me.
Take the cup.
He's like, don't even let the dog sniff him.
Just fucking let him go.
Take the consmite, too.
Just get the fuck away from me.
The dog's going to pass out if he sniffs him.
Just let him go. Go ahead.
Go ahead, Rear Admiral.
That's cool. Then you end up getting a picture of it.
Yeah, like I said,
that was back before every cell phone had a camera
so I didn't think to buy it.
I would have never thought I'd be partying with the cup.
Of the four times I partied with the cup,
that was probably one of the
most fun times. I'd never heard
that story and that's by far your best one
regarding sneaking in to see a cup.
So, fucking rights, buddy.
Well, speaking of the Stanley Cup, boys, last night,
or I shouldn't say last night.
It was on Wednesday or Tuesday night.
There was a rematch of the Stanley Cup Finals.
Yeah, one of the days it ends in Y.
There was a rematch of the Stanley Cup Finals. You know, the days it ends in Y. There was a rematch of the Stanley Cup finals.
You know, the Vegas Golden Knights played the Capitals.
And this one was in Vegas.
Vegas, nice little 5-3 win.
I had them.
Thanks for coming.
And in that game, Ryan Reeves, the alpha male of the NHL,
one of our best interviews, one of our highest downloaded interviews ever,
he ran over Tom Wilson.
And Wilson left the game injured.
You do not like to see that his helmet popped off on the hit.
His head hit the ice.
Not,
not good.
Hopefully he's okay.
But Ryan Reeves got kicked out of the game at a match penalty.
Uh,
that's bullshit.
That should have been a two minute penalty for interference.
That was a little bit of a late hit.
And it was a guy who was watching his pass and it was Reeves who is an
absolute monster went shoulder to shoulder and people say karma's a bitch people say it comes
back to get you but that was Tom Wilson taking an enormous hit many times he's been the he's been
the giver of those hits and I don't know if you guys agree with my assessment of it not being
deserving certainly of a suspension which it isn't but I didn't even think he should have been kicked out of the game.
And shout out quickly to Reeves before you go,
but shout out quickly to his quote of that Tom Wilson,
he just ran into a lion in the jungle.
That is, if I could, I won't ever be able to say something that manly
and that tough until Ryder knows what's going on and I can scare him.
That's the only time I'll be able to say I'm the lion
in the jungle. To be able to say that in the NHL,
you know Reeves is a badass
motherfucker.
First of all, it sucks because
I like them both and they're both
guests of the show.
I truly believe if they played in the
same team or met each other in person
that they would like each other because they're both
great guys.
Regarding Reeves, he's been having some pretty good interviews lately he's a walking soundbite that one was scott oak he had was classic uh scott oak's kid and reeves are buddies
i mean i you guys might have known that in the history behind that his uh scott oak's magician
he's a magician he's unbelievable he's like world class um but yeah He's a magician. He's a magician. He's unbelievable. He's like world class.
But yeah, that's an all-time quote, especially in today's NHL
where a lot of these kids are  could you imagine half these kids
in the NHL have like  not like chirp them, but they're softer
where you have Ryan Reeves who would have been a scary man back in the day.
Like Reeves was probably top three guys I ever fought.
And he's a monster.
If you've seen this guy with his shirt off,
we did the bench press test in St.
Louis.
Do you remember that?
Well,
hang out with him for three minutes.
You'll see him with this shirt off.
Dude walks everywhere with no tarp on.
He's got those,
those rubber bands.
He's always like dialed in where his veins are.
He's got those rubber bands. He's always dialed in where his veins are popping out.
He's got a prison workout.
Rebo just crushes push-ups before he goes out,
and his biceps are ripping all night.
Hey, coach wants to see you. Rips off 100 push-ups.
What's up, Hitch?
You want to talk to me?
Oh, no, I'm good.
Okay, so I will say that that was a hockey hit he saw him coming as soon as he let go of the
puck and he had to make that decision in a split second i'd imagine because of who he knew he was
on the ice against and who it was that he wasn't going to make that split second decision to not
hit him based on not only last year's cup final in the history based on i would put
tom wilson as public public enemy number one right now in the nhl like far and above the
number two guy yes i agree like is that i mean marshall maybe what he might be one through five
yeah he well there you go and and you know he's obviously earned that with the situations he's found himself in.
I thought there's no way that the Reeves hit was dirtier
than what Wilson did to the kid against Jersey
because I feel he had way more time to make his decision not to hit him.
And he still ended up getting a piece of him.
Very unfortunate that he hit his head on the ice.
And I believe that he's probably got a concussion today.
Is that the ruling?
Well, I saw him.
He was getting off the ice and kind of had the Bambi legs
as he was getting helped off.
So, I mean, immediately you think if somebody's in that sort of state,
it's some sort of concussion.
And he was completely lightened up.
So it sucks to see him get injured.
So hopefully he's back quick. But, that that was that was shoulder to shoulder um it's just
it's a big man that caught him i and i think with um considering the the social climate and how
everyone has a voice referees are under so much scrutiny right now where if it's a 50 50 i think
more times than not they're gonna to say hey let's just kick
him out because at least you know whatever he missed a period or you know a half a game and
it's it's not that serious as opposed to if it was dirty and you let him stay in the game
holy fuck people are going to be you know they're gonna have to put his parents or whoever if his
family members are in on witness protection program.
Because people are psycho about the head hits now.
So it's better off just throwing him out of the game.
I don't think he deserved it.
Don't think he deserved to get suspended.
And considering Wilson did get suspended for his, I thought there was no way that Rebo was going to get suspended for that.
Also, that game was a quick reminder that although Alex Ovechkin
is one of the greatest goal scorers to ever live,
he is still a complete tank on the ice. Because I don't know if you saw a couple of his hits he ran over Thomas Nosek in at the blue line just a complete butchering of him huge hit and
then he also ran across the ice tried to kill Reeves too like he doesn't give a shit so shout
out to Obi for still playing like a savage, little chicklets on chicklets violence.
I agree with you.
It's 100.
It should have been a two-minute interference penalty.
Not even anything supplemental discipline.
Obviously, he didn't get it.
People clamor for it.
Yeah, how you doing?
So good stuff going around the league.
Hey, I think I'm going to come back with a little gambling corner.
What do you think, Biz?
I think I like a couple things tonight.
Okay, well, here's the thing is I trust you because I know that you only go I think I got to come back with a little gambling corner. What do you think, Biz? I think I like a couple things tonight. Okay.
Well, here's the thing is I trust you because I know that you only go
when you're feeling it.
And last time, you were feeling it.
And if you're not feeling it, you're like,
I'm not going to put my friends of the podcast here,
which we have a lot of them now.
We have a ton of listeners.
And I'm assuming we have a lot of gamblers.
Maybe even Grinnell can take some advice considering considering he got bent over for 800 last night.
How are you?
What are they paying you at Barstool?
Holy shit, 800.
I wouldn't even bet 800 on games, and I'm a millionaire.
It's just because I'm up so much.
It's all the house's money.
Started with a 20 parlay.
And I've told this kid, I've told this kid,
just take a couple grand out to maybe have a little money, put it towards your rent.
He's like, no, no, no.
So when he goes to zero, which he will, you can remember Uncle Witty told you to maybe put a little aside.
It's like when you're at the blackjack table and I'm up all these thousands and maybe I put 10,000 in my pocket so that when I do lose, if I'm really drunk, I say, oh, my God I actually still have the 10 I started with. And that's how you gamble. But Mikey Grinnell, he's not listening
to me. So what's your gambling corner, R.A.? What do you got? Last time you made me some money.
Guys, real quick before we get to R.A.'s gambling corner, R.A.'s gambling corner is brought to you
by Dollar Shave Club. And I love that Dollar Shave Club has everything I need to look, feel,
and smell my best. What I love even
more is that the fact that I never have to go to the store. That's because Dollar Shave Club
delivers everything I need right to my door. And two, they keep me fully stocked on what I use so
I don't run out. Here's how it works. Dollar Shave Club has everything you need to get ready,
no matter what you're getting ready for. They have you covered from head to toe, from your hair, your skin, your face, you name it, they have it. And they have
this new program where they automatically keep you stocked up on all the products they use.
You determine what you want, when you want it, and it shows up right at your door from once a
month to once every six months. And that's why I do it. Because to be honest, I live in New York
City now. It sucks having to go out walking by all these pigeon homeless people.
They're bothering you.
They're asking you for change.
People just don't leave you alone.
It's so annoying.
So that's why I use Dollar Shave Club.
And right now, they've got a bunch of starter sets you can try for just 5,
like their oral care kit.
After that, the restock box ships regular-sized products at regular price.
So what are you waiting for?
Get your starter set right now for just 5 at dollarshaveclub.com slash chiclets.
That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chiclets.
Two games tonight I'm looking at.
We all saw Columbus.
What night are you talking about?
Well, it's a Thursday.
Thursday.
It's tomorrow. Jeez, come on now. Well, I talking about? Well, it's a Thursday. Thursday. Come on now.
It's been a long day.
A little vino going too.
Thursday night, Columbus is at
Philly. Columbus was absolutely embarrassed
at home the other night. Gave up a nine spot
to Calgary.
Torts has already said that Bobrovsky is starting the game.
That's way ahead of schedule.
They announced it because Bobrovsky does
own the Flyers. They're at Philly, so you're going to get
a really nice price. I'm
going to take the Jackets on the money line
for two units and the puck line for
one unit because, like I said, Bobrovsky
owns the Flyers. He's already got the start.
Wow, I'm dead against you on that game.
Dead against you.
I love when you guys do
this because it becomes very competitive on Twitter,
and I just sit back and watch.
And one of you is going to get destroyed.
He left Bobrovsky in for eight of the nine goals.
He was furious, Bobrovsky was.
Oh, yeah.
Now he's going to be pissed.
And it's Philly's first game with Chuck Fletcher as the GM.
I just am against Rear Admiral on that one.
All right. Yeah, I think, I one. I would do it with any goalie
who gets embarrassed like that when they come back the next
game. I think they're going to have a
better effort either way.
I like Columbus in that game.
In this next game, I like the
Avalanche are in Florida.
They had a rough going in
Pittsburgh Tuesday night.
What's his name? Valomov gave up six goals.
They actually were down three-nothing eight minutes in the game.
They tied it up, gave my bet a little bit of a chance,
but they pissed it away.
They gave up six goals.
I think they're going to rebound with a solid effort in Florida,
playing the Panthers.
So I would say in that same vein, look for a bounce back from Colorado.
Take them on the money line.
If Roberto Luongo gets the night off,
throw a little something on the puck line on If Roberto Luongo gets the night off,
throw a little something on the puck line on him as well.
So just two picks, both tonight.
Again, to reiterate, Columbus on the money line and puck line as well.
And Colorado, the money line,
and if Luongo doesn't get the start,
throw a little something on the puck line.
Kind of weird that when Pittsburgh played in Colorado
like a week or two ago,
Colorado went up 3-0.
Crosby got a hat trick, 3-3.
Colorado got three more, 1-6-3.
They go to Pittsburgh last night.
Pittsburgh goes up 3-0.
Colorado comes back, ties it up 3-3.
And then Pittsburgh goes on to win 6-3.
And they went on to win 6-3.
Patrick Hornquist had the fastest hat trick in the history of the Pittsburgh Penguins, two minutes.
And I think 47 seconds it took him to get a hat trick.
So that was just an insane number.
I can't even like, well, I could definitely like,
actually I won't even go there on what I could do in two minutes and 47
seconds.
I believe it was a natural hat trick as well.
Yeah.
He just, he just got three goals in two minutes and 47 seconds, obviously.
No, but a natural hat trick is not special teams, I believe, right?
It's a natural hat trick is just even strength?
No, it's the three goals in a row your team scored, I always thought.
Oh, I thought a natural hat trick meant not on any special teams.
It was just five on five.
No, I'm almost positive that if you score your team, like if you score three goals in a row, that's a natural hat trick meant not on any special teams it was just five on five no i'm almost positive
that if you score your team like if you score three goals in a row that you're oh that's a
natural something new you know what there's a chance we're both wrong yeah like oh shocker
yeah um we want to start pronouncing names throw me throw me some times tables how do these guys
have a hockey podcast some kid asked today, how do you guys prepare?
I'm like, oh, well, one, we don't.
Whit does the times tables.
R.A. smokes and drinks.
No, I've been a good boy.
I've been a good boy.
And this has been one of your best podcasts.
You are absolutely buzzing right now.
Thanks, guy.
What did I say I did?
Oh, I study which states don't have state income tax.
Oh, speaking of that. You're on the tax code patrol. And then Grinnelli goes study which states don't have state income tax. Yeah. Oh, speaking of that,
tax code patrol.
And then Grinnelli goes on dates.
He can't seal the deal on.
Yeah.
And he can't win bats.
Speaking of,
speaking of the,
the union,
the state taxes thing,
there's a,
did you see the Instagram account that someone started the spitting
chiclets?
Memes.
Oh,
it's funny.
The one they did of you.
I don't even know who tanya west and trump
no no there was one of a guy from always sunny in philadelphia and he's got like numbers and
sheets everywhere and it's like biz reminding us what's there's actually been a couple really
he put my legs like along a golf course that's like an out-of-bounds thing he's funny yeah
he's great there's a couple really good ones there's a couple really funny so it's called put my legs like along a golf course. It's like an out of bounds thing. He's funny. Yeah.
He's great.
There's a couple of really good ones.
There's a couple of really funny. So it's called spit and chiclets memes,
spit and chiclets memes on Instagram.
I got to check it out.
Yeah.
It's probably RAs.
All of us,
except for all right.
Cause he hasn't been yet.
Oh my God.
I'll have to fix that.
I mean,
no,
that's weird.
Wits. We were just talking about the Panthers.
Your boy, Yan's got some fucking nice ink in SI.
I know you guys don't read much, but a nice article on Keith Yandel
on Sports Illustrated.
You guys must have checked it out, no?
Can you read it for us?
RA will read it.
We'll be at the next time we record.
I was going to say you read that and then go
over the names for the Seattle team.
These are the,
these are the names they were going to name the Panthers starting off yard
marks.
These were the names that buddy and Patricia Yandel thought about naming.
Now that's all the girls names.
Now,
if it was going to be a boy,
that article was great. That article is great. I thought, Kevin. Now that's all the girls' names. Now if it was going to be a boy.
That article was great.
That article was great.
I thought one of the coolest things was how Keith said he thinks he's the only player in NHL history to never get room service because he's so right, too.
When you're in the NHL and you're in these awesome cities on road trips,
why the hell would you wait around for some cold fries when you can go out and get a great dinner,
see some sights, see some action in the bar, action in the restaurant. So he doesn't ever stick around the hotel.
He likes going around.
He likes hanging out with the boys.
So the article is about Keith's Iron Man Street right now.
I've said before I don't like talking about it.
And as I'm doing right now, I'm knocking on wood three times with my right hand.
So that's great.
That's continuing to go,
but it's awesome to see an article really kind of talk about Keith,
because although he is our boy, he is severely underrated.
I think it's a joke how much he never gets enough respect.
And the season he's had this year might be his best to date.
I think this is going to be his ninth or 10th consecutive year,
which I think he's in a group of like three or four defensemen who have at least got 20 assists or more
in consecutive years, which, I mean, people would say, well,
20 is not that many, but like when you can do it, you know,
nine or 10 years in a row it is.
In the best league in the world, you know, in men's league.
Well, and, of course, we're talking about the Ironman streak,
and that's another big reason why he can do it.
It doesn't look like super in shape.
He doesn't have like a jacked body, but he trains very hard in the summer.
He would always come into Arizona as one of the most fit guys in camp.
I believe he was the most fit for three or four of those years in a row.
So he takes his off ice very seriously.
Regarding the meal thing, like far and away the best part of my time
with Arizona was we'd always have about
six or seven guys go to dinner every single night before the game on the road it was unreal the
conversations the stories and and you know just as much as the locker room i remember those meals
and actually when keith was in town last year uh me Piat, and Gordo ended up going out to Mastro City Hall.
We had one for the old times.
Just really good wine, good steaks, everything passed around.
Keith getting the bill.
Keith did get the bill.
Yeah, he did.
We had no choice.
I would have fucking lost it.
Hey, I would have broke his Ironman streak because I would have fucking lost it. Hey, I would have broke his Ironman streak
because I would have fucking broke his jaw.
No, but I believe we were at Mastro's for about three and a half, four hours.
It was just  we didn't want to leave the dinner.
He's such a fucking awesome guy.
I know we talk about him so much on this podcast,
but one of my favorite teammates ever, if not the favorite.
Yeah, we want to let people know if they didn't see the article to go check it out. about him so much on this podcast but one of my favorite teammates ever if not the favorite yeah
we want to you know let people know if they didn't see the article to go check it out i mean he's a
fucking power play savant out there he's got 14 17 of his 20 25 points have come on the power play
also um they did the hockey fights cancer initiative last week i don't know if you guys
saw he held the sign for a cop who died in boston sergeant dan bosa that was a my buddy who passed
away when i had to take a couple bereavement days
a few weeks back.
So a lot of people were touched by the fact he did that.
It was a small gesture maybe to him, but it meant a lot to a lot of people
that he did that.
It certainly did to me because he was a good pal of mine.
So thanks to Keith for doing that.
Also, a couple of biz, I was saving this for you.
Doug Jarvis, he's got the Ironman record.
964 consecutive games played.
His first game was October 8th, 1975.
He played until October of 1987.
The guy was 5'9", 170 pounds, played every single game for 12 straight seasons,
and the streak ended on a health bomb.
But I got to give his coach a list.
It was agreed to before the season that he wasn't going to get in every
game.
Cause he was starting to get old and like tail off.
So it was agreed before the season,
but you think they might've waited until he tweaked something,
but yeah,
but he has the record at some point.
So like,
when do you stop?
You know what I mean?
When they scratched him,
it was like the,
you have the record by so much.
So it's kind of,
if you're going to,
you're going to scratch them.
Like at some point this has to end.
And it's nice that they were up front with him and said,
hey, listen, this is the drill here.
And then obviously he agreed to it.
If he didn't, he would have tried to either move on to another team
or he didn't even have that option.
Maybe they were like, hey, we're going to sign you,
but not to fucking drop this on you two games into the year,
but we're going to help bomb you.
Did you guys see at the Miami Heat game,
like Dwayne Wade went to save a ball,
like jumping out of bounds and like ran into Barkov from the Panthers?
No way.
Yeah, dude.
Yeah.
And like, dude, like he barely kind of bumped into him.
And like, you know, all of a sudden he's like,
holy fuck, call 911.
He's like, all right, boss, stretch, get a stretcher over here.
And Barkov's just like, dude, I'm fine.
But his NBA-ers are like, oh, my God, how is this guy okay?
He just got hit in the head, and he's not fucking laying down on the ground.
So Barkov said, yeah, he couldn't get out of the way.
I guess Dwayne Wade said they'd met before.
He's like, I tried to jump over him, but he was too big.
But I still got a kick out of that.
D-Wade tweeted at him, said, hey, sorry about that, and Barkoff said, oh, don't worry.
Took a picture with himself wearing a helmet
out of uniform. He had a t-shirt on, put a helmet
on, so they had a nice little joke about it.
Barky's got jokes. Pretty good.
Actually, guys, we were just talking about Massachusetts
players. I just want to give a shout-out to a fellow
Masshole, Kyle Zich. He's a forward
for the U.S. National Sled Hockey Team.
He's from out in Springfield
Indians territory. He's a South Hadley guy.
He had his first ever game for the
national team Monday versus Canada.
He scored a goal, was named the player of the game,
and a three-nothing win over their rivals up in Canada.
It was the first Paralympics game
Canada and the U.S. faced each other
since the gold medal game. I was told he's a
big chickens guy, so I want to give him props in his first game.
He got his first tuck, so cheers to him.
And let's hope he gets some more for the national sled team.
That's awesome.
Very well said, R.A.
And, boys, we were talking about one team from Florida.
I feel like we have to mention Tampa Bay.
I know every year, well, in recent memory,
they're coming into the year as one of
the favorites. They're now at 43 points. They've been on a bit of a roll too, and they lost their
starting goaltender. Four wins in a row. They have a record of 21-7-1 for 43 points. They're
tops of the league right now. So, fuck, man. Plus 29 goal differential. That is a great team.
God, I always feel like they tail off at the end of the year, though.
They just come out guns.
Last year, Vlasilevsky was tired.
I think they're set to possibly win it this year.
Okay, so this is his little break.
Yes, and unfortunately, it's injury.
But, like, last year, he obviously  it was his first time being a starter, right,
with Bishop gone for the first year.
And I think that it was just tough on him.
And now, although it's injury, that sucks.
He still is getting rest.
And I just, like Hedman and McDonough have been so good.
Their forwards are unreal.
Kucherov and Point have this amazing connection.
So that team, I mean, they almost look unbeatable a lot of games.
They have no weaknesses.
So you're right, Biz.
I'm glad we shouted out the Lightning.
They deserve it.
Yeah, and they're tops of the league.
I feel like we haven't really touched on them at all this year.
There's a couple other teams overshadowing them early on,
but what's amazing is they've been able to scale up.
Scale up.
I didn't notice you were saying that that much.
Yeah, I said it like 20 times last time.
Quickly, before we finish, are we done?
Are we done pretty much?
All right, before we finish, this is the biggest pet peeve of mine.
Today, I was waiting outside.
Okay, I'm walking into this hotel, all right, and I'm holding the door.
I saw someone behind me they're probably
like like how do you decide when to let him in you know the guy was like 10 yards like it's kind
of right where you're you're gotta hold it like if he's 15 yards i'm going but 10 yards i'm like
all right so you know i turn around i'm holding it and then like he sees me this asshole keeps
walking at the same pace that he was walking before I was holding the door.
Like if somebody in front of you is holding the door for you, you got to put a little hop.
If it's some old person, like I understand, dude, take your time.
You know, don't don't bust your hip. Just wait. I'll hold the door.
This guy was like my age and he just continues to walk slow holding the door.
So you get up. I'm like, dude, no hop in your step as I'm holding the doors.
Like what? I'm like, forget hop in your step as i'm holding the door he's like what i'm like forget about it that's a mutant i could tell by i was just like this is unbelievable like if someone's holding the door i'm gonna give it like
even if it's a fake jog you know it's like a quick high knee this asshole at least fake it
at least fake it and start breathing a little heavier or something. Give me something. Give me some sort of effort.
Okay, so I agree.
Even if I'm on a sidewalk and there's a guy trying to turn right,
I'm jogging it out so they can turn or I'm waving them past.
I'm just saying, go.
Go now and I'll walk after.
I'm very courteous when it comes to letting people go.
But if somebody held the door, two things, if I'm for whatever reason,
unable to jog it out, which would be never, if you're that lazy,
you at least got to go like, no, no, don't worry about go ahead.
Yeah. Yeah. Hey, don't hold the door.
If you say that and let the person go, yeah, you don't need the jog out,
but at least say, Oh yeah, don't worry about it. Acknowledge that. Hey,
I appreciate what you've done for me,
but just, you know, don't worry
about it. Hey, Bill, what
about the Seattle scale-ups?
All right, that was it. Guys,
listeners, thank you, as always,
for listening. I love you guys, and Ari,
you're just so dumb.
Okay, Einstein. I'm high enough
to like that one tonight, Ari.
Hey, have a great weekend, everybody. This was fun. See ya. Yeah, see ya, Einstein. I'm high enough to like that one tonight, all right? Hey, have a great weekend, everybody.
This was fun.
See you.
Yeah, see you, boys.
I'm going to tell you a story.
I'm going to tell you about my town.
I'm going to tell you a big, fat story, baby.
It's all about my town.
Yeah, down by the river
down by the banks
of the river Charles
ah that's what's happening
baby
that's where you'll find me
along with lovers
buggers and thieves
ah but they're cool people
But I love that dirty water
Boston, you're my home
