Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 132 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Doing a little Sunday AM recording once again, so hopefully everybody's awake.
Let's start off with our producer down in New York City, Mikey Grinelli. What's up, guy?
What's up, boys? What's going on?
Soundin' sharp, soundin' sharp. What about Biz Nasty? He's on a different time zone.
Might be a little sleepier. What's up, brother?
Yeah, boys, moved into a new apartment, got some new digs.
I will be
heading to nyc boys i'll be at the offices all week we're gonna we're gonna get some great
interviews banked um what's gonna come down we're gonna we're gonna get some vets we're gonna get
the old school uh retired guys nice yeah looking forward to it we're gonna be in new york city
later this week commiserating with our fellow employees at Bosco. And last but not least, also on
California time right now,
Ryan Whitney. What is up, brother?
How are you, boys?
8.58 currently for me, so
I'm up and at them early on vacation
just to get this pod ripping. Biz, I
think I like this, though. Get up, have
some breakfast, maybe just get yourself
a little warmed up, get the voice cord,
get the voice going, and then you just rip it off up get the voice cord get the voice going
and then you just rip it off we get the whole rest of the data maybe do a pre put one in your
belly button before the pod and uh oh dude don't even need to i'm on vacation away from rider how
are you oh so rider didn't come no this is uh this is first couple's trip away since uh riders born
so we got uh listen we got we're celebrating being
parents for a year so we're out here listen we started in san fran we flew that jet blue mint
jet blue mint what's that dude jet blue mint is they've added like legit first class seats like
seats that i'll sit in they can get my respect back and this thing turns into a complete bed
gets all the way flat just like perfect for
it's like when you're flying uh over the pond go to europe first class full bed big tv great
movie sessions i was very very happy with mint got out there uh saw my brother sean he set up
around the golf san francisco golf club this place is sick a lot of history there top 50 track in the
country maybe top 30 I went out there
fired a 72. I mean, let's
listen. I mean, I haven't played golf in a month.
I shoot one over. Five birdies.
It was an absolute just display
of ball striking like you wouldn't see. My
brother was like, are you this good now?
Yeah, dude, I am. Wait till I play
that fucking idiot Riggs. I'm going to pound
him. You don't understand. So then
we had a great dinner out with him and his wife. Awesome and now do you guys know what michelin stars are oh yeah
yeah that's like top of the line restaurants five okay i didn't know about this only in san fran
chicago new york city uh there's one other dc in the u.s so it's the only four cities they do
so i didn't know anything i was like like, imagine what are the chances that this
Michelin star, Michelin rating
goes along with the
fucking guy who looks like
who's the big state puff?
Looks like the state puff marshmallow man.
How the hell is... Imagine a
tire company being associated with this. Then I found
out it is. It is this tire company.
Oh, is it really? I didn't know that.
Apparently, they started by rating rest stop areas, right?
And then it got turned into overtime and overtime into these top restaurant
judges in the world.
Is that true or is that a fairy tale?
All right.
Have you heard that?
It's funny.
I just made the tire joke, and I'm not sure, to be honest with you,
because I've always wondered, Michelin, where else do you hear that name?
It's the two things, restaurant ratings and tires.
But that would be an interesting start if that is, in fact, true.
R.A. was actually Googling if the JetBlue Mint goes to Florida for vacation.
He's a little distracted there.
Does JetBlue Mint give you mints when you get to your seat?
Is JetBlue Mint a pigeon-free zone?
So, yeah, so basically, listen, I have, if I sneeze right now,
there's Michelin stars coming out of my nose and my boogers.
I'm just eating just two, three Michelin star restaurants,
just being blown away, blown away by the food and then dummied by the check.
So I'm just like, oh, Jesus, sign that one away.
I'm on vacation, but I'm having a blast.
I'm ready to shoot the shit. I didn't get to see a ton of games last night, but I've watched all the check. So I'm just like, oh, Jesus, sign that one away. I'm on vacation. But I'm having a blast. I'm ready to shoot the shit.
I didn't get to see a ton of games last night,
but I've watched all the highlights so far.
So I know what's happening.
Whit, was this not supposed to be a trip dedicated to wineries
and going around Napa?
So yesterday we woke up, we drove up to Napa.
Now I'm up in wine country.
We stopped at Opus One Biz. No way. Sent six bottles home. Then we went to Napa. Now I'm up in wine country. We stopped at Opus One Biz. No way.
Sent six bottles home.
Then we went to Caymus.
Are they flying on the same airline?
Yeah, no.
The wine is flying mid. They're like, do you want to send
it ground or send it overnight? I'm like,
do I look like I want to send it ground?
No. Send my wine overnight.
Someone's there to pick it up and put it
in the wine cooler, wine cellar. Each bottle has its own passport. Then's there to pick it up and put it in the wine cooler.
Wine cellar.
Each bottle has its own passport.
We went to Caymus, went to Caymus, sent a bunch of Magnum bottles home.
You know, it's like two bottles in one.
You're just pouring them with like two hands for like parties.
Or your mate is.
Yeah, exactly.
Maybe my brother can come home and help with the pouring.
But either way, it's been great.
I mean, we got like a couple's massage yesterday,
and they put us in  dude, they put you in like a steam room,
like suite for 30 minutes before the massage. I was like, that was a mistake on their part
because this is a long time that we haven't had.
Thanks for coming.
Oh, no.
And a sick massage, dude.
So I'm living right now.
I'm living my best life.
I'm not going to lie.
I'm so thankful.
You know what they did?
You know what they did?
They gave us a rock before at the spa.
They give you this rock.
Like, write something on this that you hope to achieve or appreciate throughout your day at the spa.
I did say, I was like, this is so stupid, Bri.
I'm not doing it.
She's like, no, no.
And I saw what she wrote.
She wrote balance.
I guess I was like, I have balance in life.
Like, I respect that.
You know what I wrote?
Gratitude.
Because, you know, I was very grateful for the day I was having.
Because I know I make jokes, but I was also appreciative.
And that's when it really hit me.
Like, that's why when I list off CrossFit records, I say thank you.
That's why when I list off Malcom stuff, I say thank you you. That's why when I list off Malcom stuff, I say, thank you.
I am thankful to them. So it's been a good couple of days.
More importantly, how's the vino been?
Vino's been phenomenal, man. I mean, listen, you get,
the thing is you have so much red wine at the beginning. It tastes so good.
I love, we did Caymus tasting. It was, that's my favorite wine.
But then like you have nine glasses of wine.
And it's like, you can, this could be 8 bottle of wine.
At that point, it doesn't matter.
It's like have 20 beers, and then the next few,
they're tasting like water no matter what.
But it's still great.
But, you know, you still got to get to bed early.
I'm on East Coast time, so I'm passing up beer.
I had a hot dog in the Coyotes press box last night.
That's how my Saturday was.
What about you, R.A.?
I saw you were dummying some pizza late night.
You must have been higher than shit.
Yeah, actually, I went to Bruins game last night, did the Big J thing.
Got my press credential from the Bruins game.
Hold on.
Can I quickly interject?
You're saying that's a Big J thing.
You did go with your press credential,
but then you stood on the boards and warm-ups videotaped with these guys.
That's not very Big J.
Actually, no.
Grinnelli encouraged me to do the little bit of
the instagram live what's funny i got off the elevator because you know at the press box you
have to sometimes switch elevators at the garden so i saw they were still warming up so i just
walked over i knew a couple of the bullpen guys they let me stand there i just figured if people
were following it'd be nice to see you know warm-ups up close it was more for the for the
followers than anything else you know just kind of giving people an up-close look. Did McAvoy see you and be like, what up?
Like with a little eye?
No, I don't think he noticed me, but I did.
Someone blasted a shot right at the fucking glass.
It was pretty funny.
I think it was Corrali.
But, yeah, I was just trying to get closer, you know,
bring a little something for the fans.
So, yeah, I went to the game, had a couple of pops after,
nothing crazy, then ended up at T. Anthony's about 1,
1.30 this morning, biz.
That's where you saw the,
the pizza IG story.
So I was,
I had a belly full of pizza when I got this morning.
Good time though.
Good take.
Speaking of that.
So you saw that,
that Hyman hit live.
What'd you think of it?
Obviously the crowd is probably going nuts.
Yeah,
it was,
you know,
late hit pretty kind of a dirty hit.
I didn't like it.
You know,
I think everybody knew McAvoy just came back from, you know,
missing almost 20 games with a concussion.
It was his first one in his career.
And I was, you know, saying it before.
I mean, you know, I'll ask you,
a player's cognizant of other guys' histories to an extent that,
shit, maybe I should lay up on this guy here,
or are you just so trained as a player, like,
to put a guy through the fucking glass, even if it's late?
I don't know, man.
I just think it was an unnecessary hit.
The game's over.
It's the end of the game.
How much time was left?
Whatever.
Under 10 minutes.
Big journal shit.
How much time was left in that hit?
I was already high by then.
I left for pizza.
No, it wasn't like two or three minutes.
I think it was like eight or nine minutes left.
There was a significant amount of time left.
But the game was wrapped up, no?
It was 6-2, wasn't it?
I'm not sure if it was 6-2 or 6-3 at that point.
Toronto kept kind of hanging around, keeping it close.
Either way, the game wasn't.
The answer was yes, it was wrapped up with.
Either way, say it wasn't.
I don't even know why I asked that.
It was a hit that he saw.
I think it was.9 seconds Hawking in Canada set.
I think the threshold's.6 for them to consider it a late hit.
So it's already an obvious late hit.
But it was more like, dude, you didn't need to go drill him like that.
If you had been closer and you finished the hit after he moves it, no problem.
But he took hard steps looking at McAvoy, who was watching his pass a little bit.
You always kind of got to usually mention that a player sometimes is watching his pass on a hit like that.
But still, it's like then you bury him pretty high.
It looked like I don't I don't I don't know if it's a suspension because it wasn't a hit to the head,
but it was late enough that maybe they look at it.
It was unnecessary to me.
And the other big hit, quickly before I get your take, Biz,
of Cronwall and Anders Lee, that was a good hit.
Cronwall's been doing that forever.
He got Cronwall.
We haven't seen it in a couple years, actually.
But the fact that he's still throwing those hits, it's back into you.
The guy's bent over.
So people always say it's a head shot.
No, it really isn't because the player's usually bent over,
and that was a big hit.
Good to see Anders Lee come back, but what did you think about Hyman, Biz?
I feel that when I left the National Hockey League, not a big deal.
That was kind of the turning point where if you weren't engaged with the guy,
then it was like don't hit him once he lets the puck go
because there he let it go, and I know he was watching his pass a little bit,
but Hyman was nowhere in sight.
He wasn't on him.
So nowadays in the NHL, if you aren't already in the process
of trying to go throw the hit while the puck's on a stick,
yeah, if you can count one Mississippi and then it comes,
to me it's late.
I don't think Hyman's
a dirty player I just think hey you know maybe because they were down and maybe you know that
maybe Babcock was like let's fucking go on the bench you know maybe he's just like oh fuck I
gotta finish my hit like we don't we don't know what type of pressure situation was going on
through the guy's head when when it made him do that you know it was just a brain fart I I think
he should probably sit for two um maybe only
one as a first-time offender but you know hey like you know you're gonna have to pay the price for
throwing the late hit I don't think he's a dirty player I hope McAvoy's okay and that's just the
nature of the game it happens fast and it's a split second wrong decision and uh that's that's
the end of it yeah and it caused quite a bit of a chain reaction as well. After that, Grizzly dropped the gloves.
Matt Grizzly, defenseman, he's not much of a fighter,
but, you know, him and McAvoy are boys,
so he went after to kind of defend him.
You know, Hyman probably got the better of that one.
And then Chris Wagner threw a hit at Riley later in the game.
He ends up scrapping with Ron Hainsey.
So, you know, I wrote a couple months ago on Postle
that basically this is a pretty good rivalry
that these two teams have going.
They've had a couple of classic playoff series,
and now we're going to get a little bit of bad blood here, I think.
I think something to keep an eye on next game is, you know,
a guy probably taking a run at Zach Hyman.
It seems like there's one of these, like, every night now.
Well, and also the Bruins own the Leafs.
Yeah, they do.
It's weird.
Like, I feel like the Leafs are better offensively,
and they don't even have Bergeron.
It's just crazy to think that they just saw something over them right now,
whether it's mental or not.
But that playoff series would be unreal to watch, just like last year.
I'd be curious to know if they end up getting matched up against each other,
if Toronto could go over the mental hump.
Because to me, that's all it is right now.
They have a way better lineup.
Let's not even compare.
I mean, Bergeron and Marchand, those guys are all healthy in the lineup.
Obviously, Marchand is.
They're obviously experienced, and they know how to win.
They have that winning culture.
But, I mean, Christ, dude, Toronto's got way more weapons.
So, that's enough.
Up and down the lineup throughout three, four lines.
And as much as we're bringing up Toronto Boston right now,
that Atlantic division showed out to Tampa.
I said to you guys, or you are,
I'm thinking about throwing a future on them
to win the cup right now,
which would assure them that they don't win the cup.
But either way, I'm thinking about doing it
because they are trucking teams.
So Boston and Toronto are competing for 2-3 in that division.
I think Tampa is just going to end up running away.
Not running away with that division, but you could tell there's just zero weaknesses,
and they're playing so well that even without Vasilevsky, they're the team to worry about.
And you think that they're going to peak too early here and fade off?
Is that what you're saying? No, I think they're just going to keep trucking. You think they're going to peak too early here and fade off? Is that what you're saying?
No, I think they're just going to keep trucking.
You think they're going to win it all?
There'll be some peaks and valleys, but yeah, they're such a good team.
They're up and down the lineup.
I don't see any weaknesses.
And then we said Vasilevsky was tired, so maybe he won't be tired this year
because he's out injured getting rest.
Good point.
They're taking advantage
of nashville being banged up right now as well they're able to kind of stockpile points for you
know number one uh seed overall could be huge if they end up playing them in the final so there
and another thing too another thing to ra is is that central just beats the fucking wheels off
each other they do like they got nashville colorado and Winnipeg at the top. I just  I worry a little bit about Colorado's depth.
That's my only thing.
That top line for the Colorado is just trucking.
And to sustain that, I don't know if they can.
You talked about Ranton and what his projections are,
if he can maintain this pace.
That is absolutely absurd.
And Dallas has been playing well lately too.
So, guys, we kind of glanced over that Giordano hit.
Yeah, actually, you mentioned Colorado.
We are going to be bringing on Eric Johnson and Tyson Barry a little bit later.
Nice little interview with those boys.
And, yeah, you mentioned Giordano, Mark Giordano.
He was suspended two games, Fening, Mikko Koivu,
and Thursday's game between Calgary and Minnesota.
A couple teams going in way different directions.
Calgary's won five in a row after the victory Saturday night.
Minis dropped eight of the last 12.
Basically, I don't know if you caught the play.
Giordano, he got two minutes for tripping Koivu,
but he ended up getting suspended.
It ended up being somewhat of a knee-on-knee hit.
It was his first suspension in his 784-game NHL career.
He's only been fined once.
He was very apologetic after he tried to apologize to Koivu right after,
but Koivu wasn't hearing it in the immediacy of the hit.
But he did relay word.
He was very sorry about it.
But he got two games.
He served the first one Saturday.
He'll be serving the second one tonight, Sunday.
So that led to another chain reaction, too.
Then Matt Dumba bundled Michael Backlund,
Mikael Backlund with about 55 seconds left.
It was a hard legal hit.
Unfortunately, it looked like Backlund might have got suspended.
And then Ryan Lomberg, he got a game suspension as well.
He left the bench.
He got an instigator with less than five minutes left in the game,
which is an automatic one-game suspension.
He got another game on top of that.
And the coach, Bill Peters, gets an automatic 10,000 fine.
So lots of activity in that game.
What do you got to say about it, Wits?
Well, the Giordano hit, that's 100 worthy of a two-gamer.
I think they got that completely right.
I also think that that's coming from someone who, like you said, has never been suspended and has played the game hard, mean, and clean.
I have nothing but respect, and I think that if you ask around the league,
most players will tell you they have nothing but respect
for Mark Giordano, the way he plays.
First of all, also bring up, if you're talking Norris Trophy candidates
this year, he's right there.
He's got 29 points in 29 games.
He plays a shitload of minutes
he moves the puck he plays hard defense he like i said mean and clean like he's a prick out there
but i think it's very truthful of of him to say how sore he was because i bet you i bet you he
really i bet you he honestly was oh he's a salt of the earth guy he's a not human being and and
and the the hit what happens is it's just such a quick reaction.
Oh, I can't get beat.
Stick my leg out.
It's kind of like a panic because you know you're beat.
And unfortunately, instead of tripping him, it did catch knee on knee.
And I also don't think Koivu's wrong to be furious and not want to listen to his apology either.
But I think when he looks at it a little later, he'll know it wasn't on purpose.
Yeah, I have no problem with Koivu being pissed in the moment.
I agree with that.
He's probably going to be like, ah, whatever, next game in warm-up,
shin pad tap, but Giordano's not a dirty player.
We haven't really talked about him at all.
Other than his suspension, man, a bit of a different career.
Spent some time in the American Hockey League.
He had an awesome junior career playing with the Owen Sound Attack.
I knew he was going to be a stud going into pro hockey.
He had to play in the American League, ended up making the NHL finally,
played 48 games in that 06-07 season,
and then ended up playing some games in the American League that year as well.
And then the year after that, I think there was some contract disputes
between him and Calgary.
He ended up going over and playing in the KHL for Moscow Dynamo for a year and everyone just thought he was going to go over
there and basically finish off his career he so he came back after that in the 2008-2009 season
with Calgary and kind of started solidifying himself oh my god I said a seizure uh solidifying
himself as a as a top-notch NHL defenseman. And since then, man, he's been awesome for that organization.
I mean, the way he plays a game to go that long
without getting any type of suspension is pretty crazy.
I think a lot of people these days are obsessed with just pointing,
hey, there's a bad guy.
He's bad forever.
No, he made a split-second decision that was wrong.
Fucking he's apologetic about it two games.
Same with the Hyman thing.
Let's just fucking forget about it, you know, and move on.
Calgary, too.
They're fun to watch.
They just score and score.
Their overs are money bets.
Money bets out in Calgary.
So good luck to them because I actually think they'd be fun as hell
to watch go deep in the playoffs. I remember when they went on the run with commie, how he's talked
about it, like just that city catches fire, all Canadian cities really well, Vancouver, literally,
but all Canadian cities just completely get going, get behind their team. And Calgary is just one
that you'd love to see them go far. I think they could this year. Yeah. And especially if Mike
Smith keeps playing the way he's been playing, He's kind of had his game rounded into form.
And, you know, if he plays like he did back in 2012 with the Coyotes, man,
who knows what can happen with him.
That's a great point, R.A.
He lost a starting job this season.
He had a couple tough outings, one in particular where he let in a very soft goal
that ended up being the game winner.
And there was a lot of talk in the media, and he sat out a few games.
And ever since then, he's been finally playing like he was
at the beginning of last season.
Beginning of last season, he was unbelievable.
And then he had that injury where he was out for about a month,
and then that's when Calgary dipped off.
And I think they ended up missing playoffs basically because of that
because even when he came back from injury last year,
he just wasn't the same. So if he can get back in form like he was for the Arizona Coyotes or Phoenix
Coyotes at the time when we made our run to the conference finals but when he's on his game he's
he's one of the best yeah and David Riddick too shout out to that kick yeah he Smith was struggling
he came in played great he also gaveA. his favorite moment when he celebrated before Goodrow scored.
Jelly season.
So on that note, boys, I think we should turn it over to the Avalanche right now.
Eric Johnson and Tyson Barry.
Two puck moving dirt bags.
This interview is brought to you by DHM Detox Hangover Pill.
DHM Detox uses science to prevent your hangovers.
Just take a couple capsules after your first couple of drinks
and it goes to work breaking down the toxic byproducts of alcohol
so you don't wake up with nausea, brain fog, or anxiety the next morning.
It's a natural supplement, so take it with a bit of water and sleep
and you'll wake up feeling fresher than a fucking daisy.
They're also packaged conveniently in little pouches so you can take them out with you anywhere you go.
The key ingredient is a natural extract from an Asian raisin tree called Dehydromyricetin.
Holy shit, that's like Guarana but like on ecstasy.
Fuck, that's like guarana but like on ecstasy uh fuck that's hard to say the dhm detox team is from
vancouver and our school boy buddies with the founders of eagle energy these little pills break
down toxins from drinking so you can live to tell the tale the next day after a big night out with
the boys or after chasing some tail they're packed with a shit ton of liver protectants, antioxidants,
anti-inflammation, vitamins, and electrolytes to fight off all phases of a hangover.
All sorts of healthy shit so you can boost your body's natural response to alcohol and wake up
feeling normal. Basically, no more puking, no more pounding headaches, no more Sunday scaries, and no more feeling dumb as a bag of bricks after a night out of drinks.
Oh, and it's all natural.
The team at DHM Detox is throwing 20 off your way and free shipping on orders over 60.
So perfect for stocking up for New Year's and holiday parties and dishing out stocking stuffers.
Use the promo code biz20.
Their website is www.dhmdetox.com
or dhmddetox on Instagram.
Discount code biz20.
Check it out.
Well, folks, it's time for another tandem interview
with the Colorado Avalanche.
Last time we had on, well, one left.
One ended up going to Dallas.
No loyalty anymore.
But today we have a couple defensemen.
Combined total of over 1,000 NHL games played.
And a couple good ones.
You know one of them.
I know the other.
Tyson Berry and Eric Johnson, welcome to the podcast.
What's up, guys?
Thanks for having us.
Thanks for having us, guys.
Hey, anytime, boys.
And for listeners at home, these guys live like 300 yards apart,
but they couldn't get together, so they're on different phones.
So when they interrupt each other, don't chirp us.
Chirp them on Twitter.
First question, EJ, are you wearing a thong?
Yeah, my Cheeto on my leopard print how'd you know can you quickly explain to everyone because even biz and grinnelli are looking at me like what the fuck you asking this guy about just quickly
give in your little your fucked up brain that tortured but tortured me a little bit in vancouver
yeah what was it was it after the quarterfinals or semis at the 2010 Olympics in Vancouver?
We all went out.
Republic, was it?
Was that the club?
Tice?
Can you recall?
Is that still there?
Yeah, that'll do it.
Republic's probably the one.
Biz is probably banned from there, but yeah.
Yeah, we were buzzing and having a good time, all the boys.
And I got laid.
And for some reason, I saw Witt across the bar, and I shot him a text,
Witt, you wearing a thong?
And he had the most concerned, like, shocked look on his face.
And it was  I don't know what happened, what went through my mind,
but it was an odd time to say the least.
Wit still hasn't recovered from it.
I was as rattled as you could be
sitting in this club. I'm like,
I don't have a thong on, do I?
But who is this person?
And, of course, this
kid at Kane continued to torture me.
I was like the 30-year-old guy that's
getting tortured by 23-year-olds.
Jesus Christ.
What are you going to say?
Yeah, me and Kater.
I'm giving you a hard time.
Well, enough with their inside jokes, Tyson.
Let's start our own off.
Yeah, I'm not sure I got another fucking
EJ really hit that one out of the park.
Yeah, I still don't really understand the story.
How did the thong come involved?
Dude, I don't know.
That's how we fucked up this guy.
Dude, we have no idea.
Oh, he only mentioned.
Oh, okay.
Well, Tyson Berry saw me in a thong this summer
because I was in the Biz Nasty Does BC series.
I don't know if you saw it, EJ.
Not a big deal.
But, Tyson, talk about me making you famous on the big screen.
Yeah, that was just fantastic, Paul.
Pleasure was all yours.
We actually had a real fun day there.
I went up to the track, and then I didn't get to
I wasn't there when you went up on the trestle with the thong
and the whole thing, but some pretty good footage,
if you ask me, some good content there.
Yeah, thank you.
I did all that on my own, produced it, acted in it.
But moving on, what are the Avalanche looking like this season?
You guys going to probably make the playoffs again?
What do you think?
Yeah, TJ, I'll take this one.
I think the boys are buzzing.
We're looking good.
You know, we've got a couple of young guys.
We've got, you know, Nate McKinnon.
He's looking even better than last year, if that's possible. What? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We've got a couple of young guys. We've got Nate McKinnon.
He's looking even better than last year, if that's possible.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Back up.
How?
Is he doping?
Is he doping?
Yeah.
I think he shed like three or four pounds, so he might have got faster.
Dude, that must be a nightmare in practice.
Could his hands still keep up? Yeah, it's a nightmare. It's a nightmare in practice. Could his hands still keep up?
Yeah, it's a nightmare.
It's a nightmare in practice.
It's a complete nightmare.
Like, do you ever do the fuck the D drill where you guys, you know,
you just set us up for failure, especially me.
You two guys can motor.
You know, like against McKinnon, I would puke.
I would skip.
I would go back in line.
Well, I've always, starting drills, I'm always looking who's going going first I'm trying to match up against Soderbergh
oh just a
rickety shot I respect
the spirit of that
alright guys can I
ask a question just a personal question on your team
who's the best looking
guy on the team because I got one guy in mind who's
hot as shit, not going to lie.
Is it Landy?
Oh, we talk about
man buckets in this podcast. He's married now
so he doesn't even count.
No, but he's an absolute weapon.
So he's a catch
and release. Like on the road, guys stick
close to him because they get the residuals.
Well, I mean, he's one of those guys where, you know, he turns heads.
Really?
Yeah, it's a pleasure.
So basically kind of like Forsberg.
That's what Lyles was saying.
He was similar where he would walk in a room
and people would just stop what they were doing.
Oh, yeah.
Same deal for sure.
Landy's a weapon.
EJ, you're not a bad-looking fellow either.
What?
I don't want to lose, but if you're going to bring it up.
Do you wear teeth now?
With, I do not.
I got a few dentures, gone through a few pairs.
They just don't match.
They're too white, and the rest are much too yellow.
Oh, yeah. Beer bottle teeth.
That's what I got.
Probably brush your teeth with a Butterfinger.
Yeah.
Boys, we actually caught you before you're going over to
a team meal at, what, Sackick's Place
or his country club or something?
Joe is a member at Cherry Hills Country Club
and we just have a gathering with all the wives,
all the gals, all the boys, management, staff,
and just getting juiced up for the season on Thursday.
So it's kind of just welcome to the team,
and we kind of solidified our roster today,
so everything's kind of getting rolling here.
So we're excited.
A couple glasses of ranch.
Oh, 100 on a nice, beautiful Denver evening at a beautiful golf course?
I'd be on the range with a fucking transfusion.
We'll be Rack and Joe's tab.
Hey, those transfusions, is that where you put the vodka and the fruit,
and then it just does its thing?
Grape juice, and yeah, it's a good drink.
Good drink.
That New Amsterdam vodka.
Oh, shit, yes.
Ooh, that's our presenting sponsor, fellas.
Hey, can you believe
we got one? Are you guys
shocked? Does anyone else in your room listen to
Chicklets, or do you guys even listen?
I always catch the highlights.
People text me and
tell me something's super funny. I gotta check
it out. I follow the Instagram
and shit, but I gotta start listening to the full thing. I heard to check it out. And I usually, I follow the Instagram and shit, but I haven't,
I got to start listening to the full thing.
I heard they're pretty good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I listened when he had big Walt on.
Big Walt was like, Keith Kachuk was like a big super vet when I was a rookie.
And I listened to him on here.
It was awesome.
Yeah.
So EJ, you have any, I mean, you were, you played one year in college,
first overall pick.
So you were what, 20 your first year or 19?
So do you have any funny stories you remember of him?
Yeah.
Do you remember the Hilton in Nashville right across from the rink?
It's that big atrium, open, like glass elevators.
So we all went out one night, and Big Walt,
We all went out one night and Big Walt, he somehow ended up naked and locked himself in the hallway naked out of his room at like one in the morning. Had to take the USA Today newspaper that was at his front door and go all the way down with the USA Today covering his front and back down to the front desk and get a new key.
And we ended up finding, like, security footage of it.
That's got to be probably the best Big Wall story of all time.
He was a beauty.
He was, like, probably the best veteran I've ever played with.
Oh, man, that's unbelievable.
Tyson, you got any good ones to match with veterans that you've played with?
That's  I mean, I squared up with Iggy at the year-end party.
Like, I don't know, what was that he did three years ago?
Oh, yeah, you guys fought.
Wrestle.
Oh, you guys had a wrestling match with Iggy?
He's a strong motherfucker.
Dude, he's a lunatic.
I told him I was going to put his head through the TV
and shove a lobster tail up his ass or something,
and then he came across the table.
All the boys had a bet going.
It was like I had to last 30 seconds before getting tapped out,
and I think I made it to like eight or something.
Maybe it was 12.
I got it on video.
It's just about popping his fucking head off.
Wait, are you one of those?
Oh, I was just going to ask Tyson, is he a known wrestler? Cause I've heard that he used to wrestle with Dion for not 15 parties in
Calgary and then link out and get in there.
Yeah.
He used to have a bit of a wrestling problem and then he hung them up for a
while, uh, which I think I'm, I'm going to have to,
I brought, yeah, I get a little lippy and, uh, him up for a while uh which i think i'm gonna have to you brought him out of retirement i brought
yeah i get a little lippy and uh he said three or four i'll come out of retirement and then he just
beat the absolute wheels off me another known wrestler uh shane doan bear i bet you i bet you
he could if he trained hard enough he could get get to the Olympics. This guy is...
Hey, we should start an underground fight club with these guys.
I hate when people get drunk and try to wrestle because I'm the worst, weakest person.
I'm like, get the fuck away from me.
EJ, you're probably a big bear too.
No teeth.
No teeth in wrestling drunk.
Tyce, you had a bit of a wrestling episode in Paris, did you not?
Oh yeah, I was just going to bring that up. You have to
tell this story. I've never heard this.
Oh, it's ridiculous.
I guess I should
probably tell that one, Hanson, since we're talking about
wrestling. My jersey
is still on the rafters at the fucking Marriott
in Paris
World Championships
Two years ago
Paris, beautiful city
Real nice time, all the boys went out
Clubs don't close there
Until like 5 or 6 in the morning
Or something
So we all got back to the room
And the night before
There'd been a couple of guys
Who kind of started this wrestling thing, a couple of flyers.
I'm not going to name names. Um, and I just happened.
I don't know. Apparently I'm a good wrestler. I don't know.
I get a little lippy and then, uh, I was just, you know,
tapping all the boys out. So fucking everybody wanted a piece to me.
The next night we come back, we're kind of doing the same thing.
Order room service, chicken fingers, fingers you know the whole nugget that whole thing and uh i i again not not i'm not
bragging but i think i tapped out three of the four guys in the room and the one guy who was uh
who was left standing oh i hadn't wrestled yet i had no intention of wrestling and i didn't want
to do it and uh one of the guys was egging of wrestling and I didn't want to do it. And,
uh,
one of the guys was egging me on and I shouldn't have done it.
Cause he,
it didn't end well.
Let's just say I ended up leaving an ambulance.
No,
you have,
I'll cap it off.
So he gets like suplexed over the top rope kind of thing in the room.
And I think it was,
there was like a glass of,
of water or,
or a wine glass.
No, it was a, it was, it was like a kind of one of those like
Caesar salad, half bowl, half plate things.
And I got kind of chucked across the room, landed on it.
And it pretty much exploded into my leg.
It was an absolute crime scene.
He was bleeding to death.
He had to get taken to the ambulance.
Wait, are we not saying this?
Yeah, they had to get
the tourniquet out, ambulance came,
60 stitches.
Oh, it was bad.
Weren't they worried about you losing your
leg?
Well, I mean, when it first happened, we were
all kind of freaking out. I didn't
know if I hit an artery or what was going on.
There was just blood everywhere.
We got the belt wrapped around
and team docs came down and they were like,
no, you're good. You didn't hit an artery.
Does that mean you lost the fight?
You might need a couple zips.
Did you lose the fight because you had to tap out?
No.
He tapped me out quick
and then I'm like, okay, we'll go again.
I had him in a headlock and he wouldn't tap out. The next thing I'm like, okay, we'll go again. And I had him in a headlock, and he wouldn't tap out,
and the next thing I know, I'm fucking flying across the room.
Tyson, who's him?
Who's him?
Are you allowed to say?
I don't know.
I wouldn't want to say.
Okay, perfect.
So we're just going to sue Sidney Crosby.
So, Grinnell, start the headline.
Crosby's an animal.
Suplexes Tyson Berry over the top ropes and almost takes away his leg um besides
that boys uh hey who's the team clown who's the guy always fucking around the locker room
eat the tj oh yeah no no no no no time to time i like to have a good time in the locker room. Zadarov's a big dummy.
Who?
Yeah, that's true.
Who's the big dummy?
Zadorov.
Oh, but he lays guys out.
He hammers guys.
Yeah, he disintegrates people.
How's his English?
Not great.
Usually Russians, I feel like, they're trying to keep to themselves
as opposed to just being complete
clowns in the room no dude he's a funny fucker he gives it to everybody and it's actually he
can take a joke you can just absolutely abuse him and he just laughs it's great hey one question i
got for you and sorry to get away from what we were talking about but ej why did you name your horse biz nasty oh uh yeah biz so i uh i like to dabble in the
in the horse business a little bit on some horses race them a little bit in the summer yeah we know
you're rich okay it's like we get it and your salary online you don't need humble brag about
the horses just go ahead no talk about talk about it. I love you.
So me and my buddy,
we bought this horse,
and the stallion,
his father's name is Fedbiz,
F-E-D-B-I-Z.
I'm like, holy shit,
we got to name this horse Biz Nasty.
It's slow, has moderate talent,
ugly.
No, I'm kidding.
Huge nose.
No, it's... Moderate talent
That's a compliment
He's got a horse podcast
It actually
Showed pretty good
Pretty good stuff really
He's no good right now
So I think he's a giveaway
But no the dad's name
Had biz in it so I'm like
I gotta name it biz nasty
I bet you can fuck like a rabbit though And he's got a But no, the dad's name had Biz in it, so I'm like, oh, I got to name it Biz Nasty.
I bet you can fuck like a rabbit, though, and he's got a big fucking chuckle. His sperm's not worth anything.
Yeah, dude.
His sperm's worth nothing.
Sorry.
His sperm's just producing absolute mutant horses.
His chlamydia pouch is getting shot out.
Hey, EJ, question for you. That's pretty interesting about getting into horses how
did you do how did you get into that have you ever been to Saratoga that's that's my spot in the
summer yeah man uh last summer my buddy has a house right on the Oklahoma uh in Saratoga so I
stayed with him and um went up there for a couple weekends.
Me and Tice went to the Derby a couple years ago
when Nyquist won the Derby.
We went to a few
parties and went to the Derby
and had a good time.
I love it, man.
That took five years off my life.
Is that that big of a scene?
Yeah, it's awesome, man.
If you've never gone to the Derby, you have to go at least once.
It's a shit show.
With or without my wife?
I feel like guys bring their wives.
You can bring her.
All right.
Yeah, you can bring her.
Boys, well, hey, Tyson Berry, you said it took five years off your life and you know how to have a good
time. Uh, wit,
he actually parties with Crosby over in Europe sometimes on the yachts and
stuff. Big boy, the big boy partying.
Oh man. I just want to get like,
I just want to get like a picture sent to me from one of those trips.
You don't even tell me you're going. I just want to see the, see,
see your setups. Oh no. What are you guys on the...
What is that? What C is that?
Like over in...
I don't know.
You're going to make me sound stupid.
This is what we need.
This is pathetic.
Somebody say it.
I don't want to take a guess.
I don't even know.
You're not that fucking smart. Shove that mic up your ass
Next
Which clip are we talking about
Did you go to cons
One of those rich scenes
Yeah we did the music festival
Sorry the film festival
That was pretty fun
We're showing up as nasty as bc there next year yeah perfect hey do they uh speaking of
another subject you're guys hockey team do they ever let you guys play together are they like
somebody's got to play d are you guys always on separate pairs no it's Usually an auto goal against, right?
Yeah, pretty much.
Auto minus.
As long as you get your assist.
As long as you get that one point, you're good.
I had my guy.
Yeah.
We're either going to score one or get scored.
I'm pretty much guaranteed.
They try to keep us apart.
It's ugly.
Guys, who's the most underrated player on your team that no one really talks about?
I don't know if Rantanen's underrated,
but he's a hell of a player.
Dude, he's a hell of a player. He was
until last year. I think now people know.
Yeah, he put
up 85. That'll pretty much put the word out.
I could get 60 playing with
McKinnon, FYI.
Dude! Maybe in warm-ups included
yeah i keep laughing ej we're not that close to buddies fucking loser
uh hey hey what's your head coach like? He seems like the best guy.
Dude, he's awesome.
He's a good sassy. Yeah, he's a man.
He comes into the room with, like, a flat brim, like,
capered sweatpants, sandals, and a big chew-in.
And he's handsome.
He's handsome, too.
Yeah, he's got that natural tan, you know.
I'll give him a lot of credit.
He's an actual handsome bastard.
Did he win a Calder Cup?
Yeah, again, he beat us in the conference finals.
That tan is not natural, buddy.
Really?
He's in the training booth all winter.
Oh, yeah.
Has to be.
Is he?
Yeah, he's doing it himself.
Hey, what if you walked in before a video session
and the trainer was spray tanning him?
Hey, the best part about him.
He's like, guys, we got the Vegas trip.
Hey, the best part about him is he's going to hear this
and he's going to fucking love it because he seems like a guy's guy.
Yeah, he's a great guy.
He wants to be one of the boys.
He's awesome.
Hey, Ej,
where do you live? You go to
Minnesota in the summer? I haven't talked to you
probably. I haven't seen you or talked to you since the
Olympics, I bet.
Well, after the song text,
I probably wouldn't either with, but
no, I
spend most of it in Denver
and a little bit in Orange County
in Laguna Beach. so i got a place
there and then uh yeah you're rich yeah i had i had tea tea berry down there this summer for
a good weekend we had a good time we went to the beach and fucked around had some fun it was a good
time it's uh a little boogie boarding. You guys went boogie boarding?
It was surfing. Surfing, Tice.
No, we didn't.
We rented boogie boards, man.
This is what rich people argue about.
They're like, no, man.
It was a 300-foot yacht,
not a 250-foot yacht, you idiot.
No, we had. I know.
We had the caviar.
It would be a lot cooler if we went surfing.
What's that?
That's what we told everyone.
Are you guys scared of the Coyotes this season or what?
You got to respect everyone, man.
Oh, what a fetch you turned into.
I'll take you, Barry.
You're not talking to the Denver Post.
Yeah, but
you don't want to say shit and then have them
come mop the floors with you.
Biz thinks they're going to mop
the floors with everyone. I think he's on
Quaaludes.
Hey, boys, any other funny stories
that have happened in the last few years
with the Colorado Avalanche that you guys can tell on here?
Give us the juice
Hey, what's Nieto like?
Nieto's a BU boy
Nitro?
He's the chillest guy
on the entire planet
Yeah, he was very chill
He's probably hitting the bong every day
I skated with him during the lockout Yeah, he was very chill. He's probably hitting the bong every day.
I skated with him during the lockout,
and we used to do, like, after practice,
like, try to shoot it through the photographer's hole,
and he would just beat me every time.
I think I was losing money to him every time. I didn't even know him.
Ding, ding, ding.
I'm like, fuck this kid.
He's from, like, what's he, is he from, like, Laguna Beach or Long Beach?
Yeah, Long Beach. Yeah. Wow. Oh, well, that's why he, what's he, is he from like Laguna Beach or Long Beach? Yeah, Long Beach.
Yeah. Wow.
Well, that's why he's chill too, right? I mean,
that's just naturally how those people live.
Yeah, he boogie boards with EJ in the summer.
Yeah, nobody's chilling harder
than me too. Boys,
what's Sackick like? You guys ever
like chill out with him and have a couple cocktails?
Really?
Yeah, he's the man.
He's cool, man.
He's, like, the nicest.
Just everything you hear, he's, like, the nicest, coolest guy.
Hey, he was taking a lot of flack early on with that team when he took over,
and he's done an unbelievable job of flipping it around.
People, like, I don't think people talk about it enough,
how well of a job he's done in the last couple of years.
I mean, nothing against Duchesne, but that trade that he made,
and now you guys will probably see potentially the first overall pick.
Holy shit.
Yeah, that's insane.
That trade kind of could turn our franchise around here going forward.
So, you know, he was a wizard on that one. trade could turn our franchise around here going forward.
He was a wizard on that one.
Anything else?
Grinnell, you got any questions for these guys?
No, you guys basically covered it all.
Way to fucking chime in, buddy. Earn the paycheck.
Jesus Christ.
I'm going to shut the microphone up, man.
Kid gets a full-time job and doesn't even have one goddamn question for two NHLs.
I got one.
I got two.
I got two.
Oh, let's not get ahead of yourself, man.
Jesus Christ.
You're good with one.
All right.
All right.
So, Tyson, I know that you and Biz are buddies.
Give me a good story about Biz when you guys are out in the town or something.
Something crazy that Biz has done. Or even give me your first impression of Biz. Like when you guys are out in the town or something like something crazy that biz has done or,
or even give me your first impression of biz.
I love hearing people's first impression.
Is this like anything goes on here?
Yes.
Yeah.
Well,
I didn't,
I didn't know biz that well.
It's been coming to Victoria.
Maybe I don't know how many years now.
Six,
maybe seven.
Yeah.
Six years, six years.
Six years.
And they used to do this big weekend called Elmas.
And I didn't really know Piz all that well.
And I think I was out with them the night before.
The next night, they all went out again.
And he seemed like a nice guy, cool enough guy. And then i wake up like sunday morning everyone's freaking out this phone knocked out one of our good buddies
at a house party or something stupid so i was like holy fuck who is this guy and then that
started a bit of a shit show uh in victoria for the whole l mass crew and uh i don't know business that's the last year
you guys did it yeah that we we retired it was called the l mass the massacre and yeah only
dudes obviously and it got crazy like l massacre had to get buried after that and yeah sure enough
we i almost i got i kind of squared off with one guy,
and then his buddy jumped on, and I threw a flying elbow,
and, yeah, it was not good.
He had a lot of covering up.
You know what, though?
I will say this.
Everybody's cool now.
Cortinal was there.
We're cool now.
The Ben boys.
But, yeah, just boys being boys, right?
Exactly.
We're all good now well yeah i mean fuck now that
everyone thinks i'm an asshole um where do we go from here what was your second question well it
was going to be what was uh ej's first impression of wit uh with the beauty man like he uh he was
probably the guy on our 2010 Olympic team
that just brought everyone together and just kind of the clown of the group.
And everyone just wanted to be around him.
And just a super funny guy.
We had a good time.
He always was kind of leading the charge about where the boys were going to go out
and where we were going to party, you know, after the games and stuff in Vancouver.
And, yeah, he really had us focused on the right things. party after the games and stuff in Vancouver.
He really had us focus on the right things.
You know this podcast is with Paul Bissonnette
and Ryan Whitney, not Ryan Malone.
Yeah, right. It was you two together.
Hey, remember the
meatlaps I was doing during the games?
Do you remember that, EJ?
No.
Oh, yeah.
What was it, like one chapter oh i was yeah oh maybe maybe if that but uh biz like you know like fourth liners you guys love in the nhl
you haven't had a shift in like 20 minutes you just at the tv time you just go out a couple of
like tight turns keep it fresh it's called a meat lap? I was like, those are the meat laps.
Meat lap, I get on the ice.
The TV came out to just do tight figure eights in front of the bench.
I'm like, meat lap, boy.
I did those every game.
Bobby Ryan was doing them with me.
He wasn't really playing.
We're just chucking meat laps around the Olympics trying to get on NBC.
Was it Ron Wilson, who said,
Torch, you don't have to play Whitney.
He's like,
holy fuck. Was that Wilson?
No, I think it was Torch was like,
I don't have to play Whitney, right?
I don't have to play everyone.
You were on the bench when he said it.
No, I don't even know.
When Torch turns around, he. No, I don't even know. Witt turns around.
He's like, I'm right here.
Hey, Tyson, can you retell a better story about me?
Because Witt got a good one.
Can I have a good one?
No.
Hey, Tyson, let me.
You got to start doing cooler shit, man.
Maybe make an Olympic team or something.
We'll have something to talk about.
Oh, well, I do.
All right.
This is how that story would have gone.
Oh, yeah.
Another time I saw Biz, it was an awesome weekend.
We had a couple of great dinners and nights out.
And he was like, I got it, boys.
And then Monday morning, I had this huge Venmo request with, like,
exclamation points, payback immediately.
All right, boys. I will say this.
Tyson Berry is one of the most generous guys when it comes to that shit.
Usually you are the one picking it up, Tyson.
Now saying that, you make a good jillion dollars.
Yeah, well, can't take it with you, guys.
Hey, boys, thank you so much.
EJ, it was great hearing from you, buddy.
I hope we run into each other soon.
And both you guys, rip it up this year.
Good luck.
Thank you very much for coming.
Yeah, thanks, fellas.
Thanks for having us.
Ben, we'll chat soon.
Yeah, go Yotes.
Thanks, boys.
Appreciate it.
Yotes are a wagon.
Boys, just want to let you know that that interview was also brought to you
by Omaha Steaks.
It's the holiday season right now, and that means you're going to load up on Omaha Steaks for your family because to you by Omaha Steaks. It's the holiday season right now,
and that means you're going to load up on Omaha Steaks for your family because everybody loves
the Omaha Steaks. It was a company started back in 1917, a family-owned business. And I'm telling
you, man, they give the best deals at the holidays. You cannot beat it. It's a 200 deal
that you get for under 50. All right, listen to what you're going to get. You get four hand-cut, aged-to-tenderness top sirloin steaks.
You get two savory premium pork chops, four chicken fried steaks,
four Omaha steak burgers, four snappy kielbasa sausages,
all-beef meatballs, four perfectly browned potatoes au gratin,
four made-from-scratch caramel apple tartlets,
and then for the hell of it, they throw in four more burgers for free just because you're hooking them up, okay? What
you want to do is you want to go to omahasteaks.com, use the code CHICKLETS. That's going to get you
74 off the Omaha Steaks family gift package. All the meat I just mentioned, you're getting all that.
It's 195 at all value. You're getting it for 49.99. Ridiculous, okay? That's a ridiculous savings. You can hook yourself
up. You can hook up family, whoever.
Go on, again, omahasteaks.com
and enter the promo code CHICKLETS
to get the best deal on the internet.
Get all your meat and take care of all your family for
Christmas and Hanukkah or whatever holidays
you celebrate. Oh, EJ's still here.
EJ.
Should I hang up? No, no, no.
Keep it coming. You're done. Hang on. No, no no no keep it coming you're done
hang up
no no
let's keep him on
hey
let's ask him a few
trivia questions
yeah EJ
let's do it
which way did
Wayne Gretzky shoot
left
EJ
can you answer me this
yeah
without
without looking
without looking
the top five pick four picks after you in your draft Can you answer me this without looking? Without looking.
The top five pick, four picks after you in your draft.
Stahl, Caves, Kessel, Backstrom.
Oh, you fucked up Backstrom and Kessel,
but yeah, those are the next two Backstroms.
Hey, what a draft.
Jesus Christ.
I always say they didn't get the best player in the draft, but they got the best defenseman.
Whoops.
Hey, EJ,
what was it like playing for Hitch?
I didn't have Hitch,
Biz. I got traded
right before they hired him.
I didn't have him. I had Andy Murray,
though. Andy Murray was a lunatic.
That guy was nuts.
Crazy.
The guy who was in L.A.?
He used to put the notes under the doors and shit?
Yeah, and we'd put towels under the doors,
and he'd try and slide, like, the lineup sheets under the door,
and he couldn't fucking slide it in because the towels would be there.
He'd get so pissed.
You guys would block the underneath the door
so he couldn't slide the sheet in
oh yeah i had dan high note as my my rookie roommate and he would love he'd love doing that
shit uh what other weird stuff would he do because i've heard about this guy
uh one time we got blown out at home against Tampa. I think it was 2007.
And he went in the locker room after the game and he's like,
keep your fucking gear on.
We're skating like after a game at home in the NHL.
And he's,
he's getting ready to take us out and big wall.
It's like,
we're not fucking skating anywhere.
And then that was it.
He just put an end to it. a legend big wall came out i was like absolutely not buddy this
isn't shattuck saint mary's exactly ej here's a crazy story for you so uh we uh well it wasn't
the same night but we played the barry coltsts season opener when I was in North Bay my first year junior.
Our head coach was Mike Kelly, who I think he's assistant now with Las Vegas.
So we get smoked 7-0.
I'm a healthy scratch.
I didn't even play.
We get back at around, I would say, 1.30, 1 o'clock from Barry,
and our head coach goes, be back here ready to go on the ice at 6 a.m.
So, sure enough, everyone's there to get our gear on.
We ended up skating four separate times that day.
Wait, undressed?
Undressed in between?
We would have an hour session, like battle drills.
After that, we'd get off the ice, do a workout, get our gear back on,
go back on the ice.
We went on the ice four times that day.
Guys were calling their agents.
Jeff Platt, who was the first rounder my year, called his agent,
and that kind of fucked him over for his underage year.
But, man, I'd never seen anything like it.
There was guys who were tapping out that, like, we can't go anymore.
So I'd never seen or heard anything like it. There was guys who were tapping out that we can't go anymore.
I'd never seen or heard anything like it.
It was four times on the fucking ice
in one day. We were there at the rink for
12 hours.
I should have just said Russian training camp.
My rookie year, that's where the three
hour rule I think comes in i i think camp
my first year we were there for like 10 hours or something in 2007 or whatever the three-hour
rule is huge you know that's coaches would just they drag it with you guys remember biz like
it was forever they had no days off and they could just they could just stretch it as long
as they wanted they were like oh we'll just do another session.
Like, that was actually a great move by the PA.
And actually, that reminds me.
So you were at the National Development Program, like myself, in Ann Arbor.
But you were, I mean, what are you born in?
What year are you born?
89?
88.
All right.
So you were after me.
It might have changed.
But then, dude dude we were going
school all day two hour practice hour and a half lift hour boxing every day i don't know if it was
like that when you were there but i can't imagine working like we did at that program
well the boxing with who it was at kirk the prison guard dude this guy would bring in a golden gloves
boxer and we were on the we were just playing for Team USA, playing USHL college games,
and we'd go in, and this kid would fight us.
He beat the bag out of us.
It was insane.
We had a goalie, Jeff Frazee, who was a year older than us.
And, you know, like the stalls at the game rink where you can lift it up
and put your bag under it?
So he was like a little bit of a lazy goalie.
He would hide in the stall underneath and breathe through the little holes
while we'd go box.
So he would have to fight in the boxing ring at the development program.
Is this still happening? I don't know. boxing ring at the development program.
Is this still happening?
Is this still happening?
I don't know.
I think they got rid of it.
Go ahead.
No, and then we'd run around the cube, the Ann Arbor Ice Cube,
and do the conditioning.
We'd hide the butches and then jump out on the last lap.
Can we get this?
Did this kid ever play pro hockey.
I want to talk to him on this podcast.
Frazy.
Yes.
Second rounder by New Jersey,
a couple of years or 2005. I think he's in Europe now.
He's a beauty.
Hey,
I actually should say,
I don't remember if we had to fight the golden gloves boxer either way we got
tortured.
But one time I was in the ring with this kid,
Barry Talix in played at Minnesota, actually um super super talented tall guy i think we probably got
lumped in together as maybe uh the soft tall guys that really didn't hit or play physical at all but
he was an unreal talent and we were in the ring legit just not even like hitting each other
throwing pillows blatant just like i don't want to like, I don't want to get hit. You don't want to get hit.
And the guy, Kurt, goes, fuck off, you two-throat pillows.
Talixson, get out.
Brian Nathie, get in, this tough bastard on our team.
And he just pounded my  he's like, pound Whitney's face in
and just beat the bag out of me.
Oh, yeah.
You're a fucking yappy little booger.
You probably haven't seen the bit.
I was just like, oh, fuck, Nate.
I'll say this. in 2018 you can't this
shit doesn't fly but like throwback style if i was a grown-up and i was teaching boxing and you
were in the class you you as a 16 year old you lap yappy little fuck i'd be like i'd pay guys
to beat the wheels off you 100 100. You're probably skinnier then
than you are now, and you're just yapping, yapping,
yapping. Back then, people could
do shit about it. In eighth grade, I was
6'3", 155,
wearing corduroys, dude.
Imagine.
All right, boys, I got to go to this dinner.
Thanks for having me on, fellas. See you, buddy.
Thank you. Yo, tell Joe Sackick Biz what's up.
Yeah, right. I will. Thanks, boys. See ya. Hey, boysackick Biz what's up. Yeah, right.
I will.
Thanks, boys.
See you.
Hey, boys, before we go any further,
I just want to talk to you for a second about Fuego Box.
Hostel was recently teamed up with our favorite hot sauce company,
Fuego Box, and it's just in time for the holidays.
Everybody's gotten all their standard gifts, clothes, cologne, ties, socks,
maybe a bottle of booze, done, done, and done. But we got something different and much better than any of those this holiday season, okay?
Fuego Box has put together a ton of hot sauce options at all price points.
And for this promo with us, they're giving you 10 off plus a limited edition bar stool koozie.
That's a sweet hookup, okay?
The koozie can't be purchased anywhere else, and it's only available through this promo.
So you're going to get 10 off and an awesome gift,
plus the limited edition Barstool koozie thrown in for free.
All you got to do is go to fuegobox.com slash barstool,
and you'll see all of the gift options to choose from.
I love myself some hot sauce.
I'm going to be all over this deal.
The discount and free koozie edition will automatically be applied.
That's fuegobox.com slash barstool.
I'll spell it for you.
F-U-E-G-O-B-O-X dot com slash barstool.
Hot sauce and cold beer.
Sounds like the perfect holiday season.
Thank you very much to Eric Johnson, Tyson Barry.
Two studs playing well.
Colorado, hell of a club, so we appreciate them hopping on.
And then, boys, we have to get into, I think, our Selly season.
Our final matchup is?
It's the finals.
Patrick Kane, heartbreaker against Bobby Orr,
OT winner against St. Louis, flying through the air like Superman.
Obviously, big thank you to Budweiser Canada,
who sponsored the pod.
Instead of having us do ad reads, they want us to make it more conversational-based
and kind of get this little, what would you call it, little bracket challenge going.
Yeah, a little bracket challenge.
Instead of just reading an ad, though, we're talking Budweiser Canada,
and we're talking the red light in the selling season,
while also giving some opinions. I think it was a good idea yeah no it's been great and the best
part about it's been the engagement on on Twitter and Instagram with the fans uh some fans have been
breaking down the goals and giving their own little uh you know little twists on it a little
more vulgar than the NHL commentators would have. And so considering it's the last week,
we'd appreciate anyone who can break down some
and add their own personal humor to it
and tag us, Budweiser Canada, and hashtag Selly Season.
I'll be giving away my other goal light.
I gave away the gold one to that other kid
who was getting really involved.
I think he's broken down every goal in the league since then.
Oh, that kid, yeah, that kid doesn't go anywhere without his light.
That kid's carrying that light everywhere.
Yeah, so, and it'd be fun to even see you guys create your own sellies
with your buddies, maybe on the ponds and stuff.
And if you guys can get really creative and make some funny sellies,
we'll send out some merch to you.
Just make sure to tag Spit and Chicklets account. Tag obviously all of us, Budweiser Canada
and the Selly Season. So we're going to have
the finals
posted to the Twitter and Instagram.
You guys can go vote on who's going to win.
I mean, I think
we all know who's going to take home the prize.
I got obviously Bobby Orr.
Listen, man.
Bobby Orr's
the best guy I've ever met. Best person in the world. I could say he's the best person in the world, Bobby Orr is the best guy I've ever met.
Best person in the world.
I could say he's the best person in the world, Bobby Orr.
Was he your agent?
Yeah, he was my agent.
Not a big deal.
And I love him, but I think Patrick Kane was a better celebration.
Bobby Orr is so legendary.
He's up in the air.
He got tripped, and then with it, a little bit of a jump.
He's so excited. He won up in the air. He got tripped, and then with it, a little bit of a jump. He's so excited he won the Cup.
Best picture ever.
Patrick Kane wheeled after scoring his third goal to go to the Cup Finals
and then thought of this to actually do the heartbreaker move,
sliding through center ice in front of 20,000 at the United Center.
To me, that was a better celebration.
I'm on Kaner.
Is this going to be 3-1?
It's definitely 2-1.
R.A. just had a jammer.
We lost him.
No, obviously I'm biased here.
I thought Witts was 2, apparently not.
I am, but I am.
I'm thinking of the honor of the competition.
Yeah, it's known as the goal.
It's the most iconic sports photo, certainly hockey photo of all time.
You know, I just can't go against it.
All due respect to Kane's goal and what it meant to the Blackhawks that season.
But, Bob, you are the goal.
And before Grinelli goes, all right, this is not an insult.
Were you alive when that happened?
No, that was 1970.
But 1972, I was at games one, two, and five prenatally.
My mother was nine months pregnant.
She was definitely ripping cigarettes.
Definitely gasping.
Talk about obstructed view, right?
I'll take Bobby Orr, though, boys.
I can't go against it.
Okay, so when you do the thing on Instagram or whatever,
put an asterisk next to mine because I would have taken Orr,
but I just wanted to have a little sake of coming.
I know where you're coming from, but I agree.
I think that if Canes wouldn't have been the conference finals
and it would have been the Stanley Cup goal,
I would have picked Caners.
But conference final, winning the actual cup in OT,
that's on a different stratosphere.
If we ever had a chance to get
Orrin for an interview
and I just fucked it up.
Yeah.
I'm not doing that shit podcast now.
Fuck witness. Big ears. Picking against
me. Couldn't skate anyways. Why was I even
his agent? There you go.
So thank you Budweiser Canada and
all you guys for joining in. Selly season
and moving on guys. Oh, we It's Selly's season, and moving on, guys.
Uh-oh, we got to talk about something a little controversial.
Shocker.
Want to take it off?
Actually, Biz, one thing we didn't mention on the Selly's season,
sorry to cut back, was we got to mention Jamie Benn scoring a goal
and then cracking his fucking stick over his knee.
That has to be in a runner for some silly season.
I think he's done it before, too.
Yeah, I know Cody McLeod did it a few years ago for the Avalanche,
but the original probably break over the knee had it been Bo Jackson
when he struck out many moons ago, right?
Remember that one, Wits?
Bo Jackson playing for the Royals?
What was the significance?
Was he going through a goal drought?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure if he was on the Schneider or what,
or if he was just, you know, Jamie Bennies got a little edge to his game.
Maybe he was just pissed off at something
and just fucking decided to crack the stick over his knee.
But it was definitely worthwhile.
Quick 300.
Yeah, seriously.
Trainers.
But anyways, Biz, you were going to get to another little conversation.
Oh, I wanted you to tee us up with the Ryan Reeves thing going on.
Yeah, Ryan Reeves, as we discussed him,
and Willie had a little incident last week.
And apparently, Revo was signing autographs of a picture from the incident
where Wilson was concussed in the background.
There was a little bit of backlash.
I guess he stopped doing it, asked that other copies of it to be destroyed um so you know there was a big dust up around that uh personally
you know it's kind of funny i mean he if willie isn't concussed and he's just laying on the ice
and he signs a picture there's no one probably complaining about it because he does have a
concussion it looks like he's profiting off another guy's injury so i can understand why
people being pissed off but uh you know know, he did a do-over.
He said, all right, I fucked up.
You know, just destroy the pitches and let's move on.
And, you know, Revo's the type of guy who kind of calls out all, like,
this PC bullshit.
He tweeted about Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer the other day
and how people are complaining about that.
So, yeah, I think he's just going to move on,
and everybody else should too.
I don't think it's that big of a deal.
Yeah, I think that they don't like each other.
But you know for a fact Revo does not like him.
And I'm not saying personally, but on the ice they don't like each other.
So he finally got him.
He'd been trying to get him throughout the cup finals
and all the other bullshit that's happened with them too.
Reeves won him and he got him.
He got kicked out of the game, but we all kind of think that's happened with them too. Reeves won him and he got him with, he got kicked out of the game,
but we all kind of think that was not a great call.
He got a penalty, but he didn't get a suspension.
So in his eyes, I didn't hit him in the head.
He watched his pass.
I got him shoulder to shoulder.
Fuck him.
I don't really care.
I'm signing these pictures of him.
I mean, I'm assuming maybe he made a little money signing the pictures.
Maybe he didn't.
Either way, when he realized people were that upset
and that he was out with a concussion,
I understand why he's willing to stop.
And I think that's where you shouldn't give him any shit.
Like he did something that he thought was right.
And then enough people told him that he probably shouldn't
and he felt bad and he stopped doing it.
So it's not a big deal at all.
We saw the barstool Nate guy almost started crying
on his computer writing a blog about how bad of a guy deal at all. We saw the Barstool Nate guy almost started crying on his computer writing a blog about
how bad of a guy Reeves was.
Let's see you say it to his face in the office, Nate,
because he's hopefully going to be coming in
and visiting us. Is that not true, Biz?
Yeah, I think he's going to come in with Nate Schmidt, who's
an awesome personality as well.
Yeah, we've wanted to get him on a while now.
He's awesome. I watch his
interviews all the time. I mean, obviously, Reeve
was a good interview
as well um we talked about that scott oak one last week on hockey night in canada but uh listen
people make mistakes it was stupid like people just want to i feel like the the the like the
the world is obsessed with like pointing out bad people and then if you point out the bad people
it makes you a good person it's a a fucking mistake. Let's move on.
Like we,
we all make plenty of them.
Yeah.
There's definitely some element to that in the internet biz.
That's a good call.
Like,
you know,
people feel better about themselves if they're able to like shit on
something more,
think they're like taking some side and fucking some social media hashtag.
The end of the day,
your computer's off.
It's irrelevant.
Oh,
there's some media members.
They just fucking live for it.
They're like,
Oh,
this is a bad thing. I'm a good person for pointing out shut the fuck up you're a pigeon
you know it's also like these people are probably such nerds and such dorks loners that then they
get in groups of that like go and attack people online and then they feel like they're actually
finally in a community because they have no friends in real life so online they have their
other online friends that and they all the these people like little online mobs,
and then they're like, oh, now I have my group.
This is what I've been missing out on.
I'm cool.
Okay, so if you guys want some entertaining reading,
so I mentioned last week about how I did the NHL first timer
and that we were, of course, going to have different themes to every episode.
So obviously one lady comes at me and says, hey, when are you going to have different themes to every episode so obviously
one lady comes at me and says hey when are you going to start using that show for good
and and you know invite people who are less privileged and and i'm well two things it's like
you know some of those people don't want to be on camera and and for the world to know that they're
in that situation that's that's number one uh number two like it's not necessarily that easy
to just go find them.
And we're obviously working on it.
Oh, what's up, Whit?
Quickly, before you finish, what they don't understand is the NHL,
it's also, this is about advertising.
So getting Jalen Ramsey in, maybe a bunch of Jalen Ramsey fans see him do it,
and then they watch the NHL.
Same with Paige Hathaway.
It's like this is all calculated uh
reasoning for who they're bringing in and having you bring to a first-time game like what are you
supposed to do go find some person on the street that has no money and be like come to this game
it's just so unreasonable for people to be giving you shit that you're taking famous people to their
first nhl hockey games yeah and and once again like we want to do different types of things we
brought jalen ramsey nfl player obviously that was because of his comments. We brought a few social media
influencers. The next one that's going to be at the winter classic, we're going to attempt to bring,
you know, a less privileged family or, or, or, you know, a couple people. And long story short,
I just, I said to her, I said, we've done two episodes. We still have three left three left we wanted to do different themes for each one are you trying to shame me for giving an experience
to someone that you don't think is deserving because it's just like oh so it's not good
because it's someone not in need still not a good deed so like obviously like we have a lot of people
that got our backs and stuff like that but this lady's been coming at me for the last like 48
hours she has three different accounts
so if you guys want some entertainment go go read her replies uh to me from all different accounts
because she has just went off the rail she talks about how she's got getting a phd and
but but i do ask you this if you are going to defend us online which i appreciate just try to
avoid any type of sexist comments don't go
after like personal looks or anything like that sometimes i get a little fucking aggressive too
because sometimes i get back in the corner and i come out swinging but just try to tone it down
especially when it's against the ladies because you know it's just like i know barstool's got a
bit of a bad name for that it's just because their followers are so loyal and they're sick and tired
of people trying to label them as bad people. But yeah,
if you guys want to go read those replies
by her, it was fucking
banana lance. That's a good
point, Biz. We do love when our people
stick up for us, but we're big boys
too. We can handle some slings and arrows
and some chirps. So if you do want
to defend us online, like Biz said,
don't be an asshole about it. Don't bring in people's
ethnicity or gender or anything like that. That doesn't help your argument at all. You can defend us online like biz said you know don't be an asshole about it don't bring in people's ethnicity or gender or anything like that that that doesn't help your argument at all you can
defend us but you know don't be a dickhead about it but uh one other thing on the internet too is
people like to they like to tag in a media member and say when you haven't so and so on and they
like tag that person and so we're in the awkward position of either having to say like no or not
or we don't know whatever it's like you know you know, we've had a few media people on,
but, you know, we're not going to have every beat writer on from every city.
It's just really not a feasible thing for us.
You know, we'll have guys on here and there.
I mean, I know a lot of people want Bob McKenzie.
We'll probably have him on at some point.
Him and his kid. We'll get them both on.
Exactly, but, you know, as far as having, you know,
a beat person on from every team, that's, you know,
not something we've really done historically,
and I don't know that's something we're going to start doing.
And there's only so many episodes in a week.
Right.
And, you know, I mean, because if we bring in one beat guy,
what are we going to have someone update every team every week?
I don't think that's really what we do.
We'll have a beat guy on if he beats up another beat guy,
and then we'll be like, come on down.
You know, like all of a sudden we get like a story
for have a reason to have a beat guy on.
There'll be beat guys on.
Oh, great.
Now we're gonna have to fucking put the fire out with that one.
What fire?
Speaking of beats, not a bad little gambling corner last time.
Wet dog, huh?
Couple bucks if you followed my advice from the last episode.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
One on one.
Before we get to the gambling corner on this episode,
I just want to let you know that it is brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets, you know, it can be complicated.
It can be confusing in this day and age,
but there's definitely a simpler way to do it,
and that's with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek's the smartest, easiest way to get tickets
to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
like me with the Stones this summer,
shopping for the perfect holiday gift, or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite musician on tour, like me with the Stones this summer, shopping for the perfect holiday gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
Like I've mentioned before, I have the SeatGeek app on my phone.
I use it all the time.
Broadway shows, concerts, Bruins tickets, you name it, I'm always using my SeatGeek app on my phone. I use it all the time. Broadway shows, concerts, Bruins tickets, you name it,
I'm always using my SeatGeek app because I can be anywhere with just a few taps.
I can instantly find seats.
Again, I used it the other day, hooked up some relatives
with some Bruins tickets for Christmas time.
You can't beat it.
Save a few bucks, everybody's happy.
SeatGeek is designed to make your ticket buying experience easier than ever
because it saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices and find amazing deals. You tell them
what you want to spend and they come back and they tell you what they have for you. Whatever
your budget is, if you're a high roller like the wit dog or just a scrub like myself, SeatGeek can
take care of you no matter what. Plus, every purchase is fully guaranteed. So you're not
going to give a guy 50 bucks, have him disappear and never see it again. It's not going to happen with SeatGeek. Make SeatGeek your go-to app, finding the best
deals on every type of ticket from sports and concerts to comedy and theater. And best of all,
our listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase. Just download the SeatGeek app and
enter the promo code Hockey today. That's promo code Hockey for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
Actually, it was 2-1, but it was a plus-two unit night
because they did say put two units on Columbus,
one unit on the puck line, which lost,
but you would have made one unit on that game,
and then Colorado came to it.
Yeah, I had Colorado, too. I just
went against you with Philly. Oh, well, yeah.
I wasn't going to rub it in, but
hopefully people did have flour on the puck line that
night, because it was a nice return.
Again, if you followed, you made some money.
Last night, my pick was the Celtics. Saturday
night, minus seven. They rolled, what,
they went by 56 or something crazy like that?
Yeah, I think they went by over 60.
Yeah. The worst loss the Bulls have ever had at home.
Yeah, a little hoop talk going on here.
For this week's...
Not our usual hoop talk.
Yeah, I put some toothpaste on that.
For this week, I usually don't like picking games too, too far ahead,
but the Blackhawks have just been so bad,
I really have no problem picking against them.
And Wednesday night, Pittsburgh is in Chicago,
and both of these teams are going to be playing before this game.
But they're just teams going in different directions.
Chicago's actually at the bottom of the standings right now.
I think Pittsburgh's starting to play a little bit better lately, doing Crosby things.
So I like Pittsburgh Wednesday night on the money line.
That's pick number one.
And my second pick, I like Toronto is in Carolina
on Tuesday. If Freddie Anderson starts, that's the key thing here. If Freddie Anderson gets the start
for Toronto Tuesday in Carolina, I like Toronto. They're coming off that shit loss in Boston
Saturday night. Freddie really wasn't great. So like I said, I like him for a rebound.
In Carolina, even though the last game was Friday,
it's their first game at home after a trip out west.
I think sometimes teams are a little sluggish in that first game back
after a long trip.
And Toronto's going to be champing at the bit a little bit after the beat
on Boston.
It's either a champion or a champion.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
A little bit.
Yeah, well, you did today.
Sure.
Second language.
Second language. Yeah, well, you did today. Sure. Suck it, Whit. Suck it, Whit.
Yeah, English language.
So anyways, Toronto and Carolina on Tuesday and Pittsburgh and Chicago on Wednesday.
I like that Toronto pick against Carolina because the Leafs are 0-2 since Nylander came back.
So I think it's time for them to put one in the W column.
So what do you think on those picks, Whit?
Toronto sounds good to me. Toronto sounds good to me. the W column. So what do you think on, on those picks? When? Uh,
Toronto sounds good to me.
Toronto sounds good to me.
I'm,
I'm, uh,
after two big losses,
you figure that they'll,
they'll come,
they'll come flying and it's kind of the perfect storm with Carolina coming
back.
It's just,
you just never know.
Yesterday I had the Knights against LA.
I thought they were going to roll the Knights.
I mean,
LA crushed them.
I don't get it.
I don't get it.
Here's why I don't like the Chicago one.
I feel like they've been losing so much,
they're bound to put one in the win column.
So I actually would pick Chicago in that one.
Yeah, yeah, you know, that's the thinking with gambling a lot of times.
But a lot of those games, Chicago, you think they're going to have a win,
and they just don't.
They're just not a good team this year, man.
They just can't get it together.
And again, I hate picking a game three, four days out,
but I just feel the team's going in opposite directions.
And again, Freddie Anderson has to start for that Toronto wager.
Just want to emphasize that.
Before we wrap up here, I'm going to fill in for Biz.
He's having a little trouble with the ad.
That's what we do.
We lift each other up on the podcast.
I'm going to talk about Rebel Active briefly.
Listen, we talk about it every week.
I use it.
Biz uses it.
We all know my mother-in-law uses it.
It's fantastic stuff.
You got little aches, pains.
You want the drops to get a little anxiety in the morning.
Take the drops.
Take the mints.
It does away with all that stuff.
Me and Biz have been singing the praises for probably a year now.
Real simple.
You're going to go to Herbal Active.
It's going to go to the website.
U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V. It's not spelled how you think. Herbalactive.com. And you're going to
use the promo code biz20 for 20 off at the checkout. Again, one more time, www.herbalactive.com.
That's U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V. At checkout, use the promo code biz20 for 20 off. And then let us know how much you like it because everybody who uses it loves
the stuff.
Guys,
I'm looking forward to bank at some awesome interviews for all our fans.
You guys have been fucking wicked.
That's pretty much all we got for today.
Thank you for all the support.
We love you guys.
You know that.
What do you got?
What do you got Grinnell?
Anything else?
You're not on any dates recently.
Grinnell.
No, no, I haven't.
I haven't, but I did go to
SantaCon yesterday. SantaCon was a blast.
Oh, wasn't there a scrap
at that thing?
There's fights everywhere. You walk down the street,
you walk down like 3rd Avenue, and it's just like Santa's
brawling, Santa's pissing themselves,
Santa's throwing up all over themselves.
It's pretty funny.
Nothing like the holiday spirit.
Jesus Christ.
Okay, are we done, boys?
I think that about wraps it up.
Have a great week, everybody.
I'll see you guys
in New York City.
Looking forward to it.
Every little thing is gonna be alright
baby don't worry
about a thing
