Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 134 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
We got the walkin' wounded crew tonight after about a week down in New York City.
A lot of wounded voices, a lot of wounded bodies, So slowly ease into it. Let's go to Biz first.
You seem to be the most wounded of the crew.
You had an adventurous week.
We'll get to shortly.
How you doing, buddy?
The walking wounded is right.
I took 15 weeks off boozing.
I had three glasses of wine in that time period.
I fucking landed on Monday, and i floored it for four days
i haven't ran like that in i don't know how long i am fucking my equilibrium is so far off
thank god we have second on today to save this episode because i'm going to be absolutely
pathetic my mind's not working uh but, boy, was NYC a time.
Just an absolute time.
Did you introduce me yet or no?
No, there's our boy Ryan Whitney, who also took part in the festivities.
A lot of work, a lot of play down there.
How are you feeling, brother?
You sound a little hoarse yourself.
How are you?
I'm terrible.
It's a zero voice. Let me tell you something biz you did enough drinking in those five days where the 50 we would have covered the 15 weeks like you never even took
any time off because last week was included in the 15 weeks prior and i i went on a work trip
i left when did i leave wednesday mikey wednesday wednesday
morning i came back friday afternoon with zero voice no energy and an absolute two-day hangover
actually wasn't even a two-day at that point we i have to like nice job ryan you're on a work trip
you come home you can't even talk to your son or your wife. Figure it out.
Too much. What's up, Grinnelli?
Our producer who was also taking part.
I miss you guys. I miss you already.
I miss all the tables and everything
being paid for, so I miss you guys a lot.
The funniest was the one
night you texted Dave
and you're like, dude, come out. We're at catchers.
He was saying that.
It was 3.30 in the morning
when I saw the text was received.
Because you said, I left Thursday morning.
I sent out like an Instagram story or whatever.
You said you were still at the club when I was on my way to New York, right?
No, no, R.A. sent a tweet out.
It was on Thursday morning.
I think it was like 5, and you're like, early bird gets the worm,
like on the train heading there.
And I was just getting home from Marquee. We had a night at marquee though.
For people listening at home Wednesday night,
I visit already ripped it Monday,
Tuesday.
I get in Wednesday.
So obviously you're in the city,
you're fired up,
but still like knowing we had the Thursday night Christmas party and that
was going to be a big go night.
We were like, all right, let's go have some beers Wednesday we have a great time some of my
buddies came over one of them threatened Frankie Borelli that was about okay so this would happen
they actually got in an argument about whether Henrik Lundqvist was going to be a hall of famer
and I said for sure he had he has one Vesna kind of got snubbed on another one. He's got an unreal track record.
By the time it's all said and done, he's going to be, what,
top five in wins probably?
Yeah.
By the time it's all said and done.
And then Frankie Borelli, being the Homer Islanders fan he is,
says, eh.
And then he retracted on it saying that he said he wasn't going to be
a Hall of Famer, but he's not going to be a first ballot.
And then Witt's buddy was going to tee off on them.
Yeah, my buddy was just getting into it. And then all of a sudden, I think he's like,
you want to go outside and settle this? Quickly, they were laughing about it later. I came out of
the bathroom like, oh God. But either way, the reason I started telling this story is because
1.30, great night. You walk outside. Everyone's looking to catch an Uber. And old biz, boys,
let's go hit up Marquee.
I'm like, no.
I'm like, I don't want to.
But obviously, I'm not going to be the only one that doesn't go.
So we go.
And when you leave at 4.30, it's like, that was the most unnecessary three hours I've ever been a part of at Marquee.
We tried to reenact us being on the Penguins in 2006 going to Marquee on a Wednesday night.
on the Penguins in 2006 going to marquee on a Wednesday night.
Now saying that, the next day the Vegas Golden Knights ended up coming in for an interview, and we killed that.
We played guilty, and we killed it.
That was one of our best interviews.
It may be, in fact, our best interview.
We had Ryan Reeves, Nate Schmidt, and Fleury in the same room as me,
R.A., and Witt.
So there were six of us on the interview,
and it was just banter, chirping back and forth.
It was, we won't give anything away,
but would you guys agree that that was one of our best interviews ever?
Phenomenal.
Yeah, I think it's going to be very well received when it drops.
Yeah, because I get in at like 10 o'clock, and I show the office,
and you guys look like death.
I was like, man, you guys, the party's tonight, not last night.
You guys were like walking wounded,
and then those guys came in like a half hour later.
It was like, get cracking to work.
I never slept.
I never slept.
I had to do the podcast after Marquee.
I had to edit for three hours after we spent the full night at Marquee.
At one point, I looked over, and guys are just so tired at Marquee. Music's
pumping. I'm like, what am I doing?
I'm 20 years older than anyone else in there
it felt like. Then I look at Frankie
and somebody else told me,
I looked at Mikey
and Frankie said, dude, he still has to
go do the whole
podcast after this. I was like,
all right, this kid's a sicko.
Nonetheless, it was a great party thank
you to barstool dave erica the whole crew what a what a great office uh you know it's a very fun
company to work for they let us do our thing they never say peep to us about any of our content so
thank you all right let's get rolling on the hockey talk all right brother hey gents before
we go any further i just want to talk to you for a second about Fuego Box.
In case you hadn't heard,
Boss Duel has teamed up with our favorite hot sauce company,
Fuego Box, just in time for the holidays.
Everyone's done all the standard gift items,
clothes, cologne, nice bottle of booze, gift cards, all that jazz.
Done, done, done.
We've got something different and much better than any of those
this holiday season.
Fuego Box has put together a ton of hot sauce gift options at all price
points.
And for this promo with us,
they're giving you 10 off plus a limited edition Barstool koozie to keep
your beer cold.
The koozie can't be purchased anywhere and is only available through this
promo.
So you get 10 off an awesome gift plus the limited edition Barstool koozie
thrown in for nothing but don't it.
All you have to do is go to FuegoBox.com slash barstool and you'll see all the gift options to choose from
the discount and free koozie addition will automatically be applied that's fuego box.com
slash barstool f-u-e-g-o-b-o-x.com slash barstool. Hot sauce and cold beer.
Sounds like a perfect holiday season.
Yeah, actually, I just want to follow what you said, too.
Thanks to everybody down at Barstool.
Great people down there.
The party was a fun time, and it's always good to meet these people
that we haven't met after talking to them for a long time.
So great stuff.
Okay, it looks like Dave Haxtall is on the hot seat.
There's been reports crossing broad.
They're a Philly blog.
They've, you know, they've broken stories in the past.
They have a pretty decent reputation.
And at Ant San Philly is basically saying the announcement that Haxtall
getting fight is going to happen on the next 24 hours.
They're obviously targeting Joel Quenville.
Darren Drager says Quenville has not been reached yet.
There was a lot of, well, just a lot of weird stuff going on yesterday.
They tweeted one goalie was
starting. They deleted it, added another tweet
for a different goalie. Just kind of weird shit
going on. This is the typical chat you usually hear
before a guy gets canned. I mean, basically,
you know what, you think he's gone or what?
I mean, how can he not get fired at this point?
Yeah, I mean, they mentioned that there was
a chance he was going to get fired right
at the time
of the GM switch,
and it didn't happen.
I also think watching them this weekend, I mean, they played Edmonton,
which I told everyone in that office who would listen to me
that that was a lock.
Edmonton beat them at home 4-1.
Philly actually outshot them, but still.
Then they go on to Vancouver the next night.
You think you just lost in Edmonton.
What are you going to do there?
They were pathetic in Vancouver. it was a disgusting display and it's just that's that's when it's time i mean you could
just tell it's obviously something has to change the the the gm being fired hasn't changed anything
so the next thing is what happens is usually the coach and the reports from the guys are like do
you know who these guys are they're usually pretty pretty. These guys are on top of it.
Yeah, crossing broad.
Like I said, they have a pretty good reputation.
They have some good sources.
They've broken some stories in the past.
I don't think they're full of shit here.
I know we're getting kind of contradictory info about Q.
These guys are saying he's the target.
Q is saying he hasn't been reached out to yet.
But I think a lot of this stuff, there's some subterfuge going on.
Like, basically, agents are going to lie. You know, know people are gonna lie when they know stuff because you know they
want to probably wait till hexdahl gets fired before they they confirm anything so i think it's
true i think it's a valid report i think he's probably going to get canned and again like you
know he probably should have went when they canned hexdahl i actually got a tweet from one of the
kids from the office who's buddies with q's kids and he he talked to him and he sent me a
text as soon as that that that main one came out from that account that you discussed RA and he
goes false he said I talked to Q's kid he said he has his old man has not talked to Philadelphia
that's not true and he goes if you want to tweet it you can break the news I got to like go against
it and I'm like yo what's the I'm not like news guy I'm not math guy'm like, yo, I'm not, like, news guy.
I'm not math guy.
I'm not news guy.
I'm not ad re guy.
I'm pretty much nothing guy.
So don't look at me to be breaking news.
R.A., you tend to do it sometimes. The only time I broke something was when I got a text from someone saying that,
Christ, who had signed an Edmonton defenseman?
Garrison.
Jason Garrison.
And that was a layup.
And I mean, I don't think that was like,
that wasn't of Rick Nash territory.
Now, saying that, has the time passed?
Are you still kind of on the bubble
of whether you could get that one right, R.A.?
Because you tweeted out that Rick Nash was going to retire
and actually was sending in his papers, did you not?
No, I didn't say he was sending in his papers. Did you not? No, I, I, I didn't say he was sending, he was sending them in then he,
that he eventually he was going to send them in.
Um, yeah, I mean, really nothing's changed.
I haven't been given any further info.
The only thing I was told was, yeah, he's, he's not playing again.
He's going to retire.
I don't know what, you know, what the time limit is.
He's got all the time in the world.
He's unrestricted.
He's not under contract.
So yeah, nothing changed on that.
Is he even skating and training?
What's the word here?
I'm not too sure on that, to be honest with you.
But, I mean, there's been no indication that any teams are looking to sign him
or trying to sign him.
Just, you know, I don't know, maybe just waiting to get it all out of his system
mentally.
I mean, you know, probably takes a while to probably get to that decision.
Long story short, if you want the scoops, follow Bob McKenzie.
Follow Darren Drager.
Don't follow Paul Bissonnette.
If you want a couple kill stories, let me know,
and then I'll tell you about it.
I'm sucking my thumb on the couch.
What do you want me to do with this news?
I'm not going to say a word.
Yeah.
Okay, what else is going on in the hockey world?
By the way, Flyers are in the last place in the conference.
Yeah, Jesus Christ, do something, Philly.
Yeah, wouldn't be shocked if he's fucking done
by the time this drops.
There was a controversial
embellishment, no goal
Saturday night, Montreal.
Arturi Lekkonen, Finnish
guy. He was hooked by Ottawa
defenseman Thomas Chabot, and
he kind of looked like, they call it
embellishment. It was a hook and an embellishment, so they waived the goal off.
It was an unbelievable goal, but to me, it looked like he was, like,
diving for leverage so he could get the shot off,
but that's not how the refs are.
They said no goal, put them both in the box,
and my biggest surprise to me, it happened on a Saturday night in Montreal,
a disallowed goal like that.
It didn't matter.
Habs won the game 5-2, but, Biz, what was your take, man?
Did you think it was a right call?
Ari, I completely agree with you as far as him trying to get leverage on the
it was kind of like a high-tip guy going to the net, correct?
He ended up getting the assist on the goal.
And for a ref, even like when you might have signaled that,
the minute it goes in the net,
you almost got to like retract what you thought as far as it being a dive because the play resulted in a goal.
I don't know.
I think it's a bit of a hero move.
Sometimes these refs, they got a little bit of ego on them.
But, I mean, it's just good that that didn't result in them, say,
losing the game or it going to overtime and them losing
or something of another didn't really factor into the game.
So, thank God. I can only imagine the front page of the Montreal paper that day.
That ref might have had his family kidnapped.
I just don't understand how you could have an embellishment call if you score.
Is embellishment not like taking a huge dive and then so the play ends?
Like the guy scored.
What are you talking about embellishment?
I mean, he got his shot off.
Like, he didn't quit on the play at all.
So, it didn't matter.
You're right, RA.
5-2.
I didn't have the Canadians.
I wish I looked before the game.
I haven't looked at anything.
I've just been so out to lunch.
But I would have hammered Montreal in that game.
They would have shot him 47-18, I'm looking right now.
I'm waiting for them to tail off, but he's just
Claude Julien just let them go.
600 career wins for him now, dude.
Yeah, good call.
Dude, when he got fired, he was hired quickly by Montreal
and got that five-year 25 million deal, and people were like,
I don't know.
Montreal looked real bad at the end of that last year,
but, man, they've been playing some great hockey.
Having Price back being key.
Weber's back with the Weber bomb.
Weber bomb!
You know that story, eh, Vince?
No.
Watch out for the Weber bomb!
Well, that's ripping now, so good for Claude Julia.
600 wins is no joke.
It's more wins than games I've played, for Christ's sake,
and I'm talking about the guy.
Yeah, congrats to Claude.
Obviously, he's beloved here in Boston.
600 wins, great accomplishment.
He's 419 of them came with the Bs, 134 of them with the Habs,
and 47 with the Devils.
So, yeah, and I'm eating crow on the Canadians too,
which I didn't have any expectations for them this year.
They just didn't look like a team that was going to do much.
They've shut me up so far.
Boys, we were kind of ripping them like the Ottawa Senators.
Were we not yeah I
think before the season I was saying they were going to be a complete joke I vegas them from
last year yeah by boys do we mention we have Dallas Stars superstar Tyler Sagan coming up
I don't believe we have oh there we go we have Dallas Stars superstar Tyler Sagan will be joining
us in a little bit it was an interesting scrap that was on here at the net not your typical one chicago blackhawks mascot tommy hawk i didn't even know
it was his name he got a little scrap it looked like one of those halloween fights we were talking
about a few months back i guess according to the newspaper account some drunken guy started yelling
in his face and try to grab him either in a headlock or try to take the the top of his costume
off and you know tommy Tommy Hawk rightfully defended himself.
It looked like he gave him like a power slam, a DDT or something like that.
And it was funny.
Nobody helped.
I mean, he was in the arena.
There's all Blackhawks workers there.
Nobody gave him an assist at all.
Did you happen to catch that, Biz?
Tommy Hawk?
I did.
And, you know, Chicago hasn't been playing well all year.
So you've got to imagine Tommy the Hawk's been dealing with some cranky fans. People really not engaging with him, you know, Chicago hasn't been playing well all year, so you've got to imagine Tommy the Hawk's been dealing with some cranky fans,
people really not engaging with them, you know.
And keep in mind, those games in the United Center,
you're not getting much kids.
It's in a little bit of a rough neighborhood.
You know, it's more of a grown-up crowd, the business crowd.
And you get a drunken fan.
Now, keep in mind, these mascots are all hopped up on Red Bull, too.
I would never fuck with a mascot because they're chucking weights
in the offseason.
The season's a big deal to them just like it is the players.
So some idiot comes up, starts playing with his big head on him,
insulting him a little bit, flicking his ears.
And all of a sudden, Tommy the Hawk had enough.
He's like, fuck this. I'm done
losing. I'm done with these cranky fans.
And he body slammed him.
You could tell he worked him. He might have been a wrestler
in high school just by watching him
kind of grapple the guy down.
And I hope that he wasn't
disciplined at all by the team.
I think that he should have free reign if some
meathead's going to come up to him and start fucking around with him.
I mean, that fan, he's up for pigeon of the year.
This kid, are you kidding me?
First off, you're going to, like, torture the mascot.
Like, I chirp mascots.
I've chirped a million mascots.
I love them, but I also think they're hilarious.
I got no problem verbally making fun of them.
If you physically are, like, pushing a mascot and then get dummied by said mascot,
you're one of the biggest peasants out there.
That kid got body slammed like a little bitch.
And then he was ragdolling him like around to the wall too.
Like, dude, at that point, if you're in a fight with a mascot, you better win it at
least.
But he got dummied.
Good for Tommy the Hawk.
Yeah.
Typically, employers don't want their employees to be violent with their customers.
But they can look at the cameras.
There's nine million cameras in that building. They can easily
pull it up and see that Tommy Hawk wasn't
the aggressor, at least according to the stories we
heard.
Tommy Hawk should get a game with
the Hawks.
Seriously, huh?
You deserve this, buddy. Get on down.
I never scared. It, doesn't matter.
We need some tough.
Those guys, they definitely got to be in shape, man.
Sweating their balls off in that costume all day.
You can't be like a fucking porker in that thing.
It won't work.
Hey, could you imagine, though, a family and their kids like, oh, there's Tommy.
It's like, oh, let's go see him.
Let's go get a picture with him.
And the next thing you know, he's like choke slamming a guy.
The little kid's like, it's going to torture the kid for life.
Yeah, like Tommy the Hawk's head pops off.
He's like, ah!
The kid has like neck tattoos, and he's like choking him
while he's like dripping at the nose.
Foaming at the mouth, choking out a fan.
Yeah, it's not a good look for the little ones,
but nonetheless, got to defend yourself, R.A.
Yeah, I mean, you know, I'm sure that the team will agree.
I can't imagine he's going to get disciplined with it.
You can't have fucking someone come up and grabbing your fucking head off,
you know?
Yeah.
Hey, Saturday, man, I really did a blog about it.
It was the anniversary of the conception of Spittin' Chicklets.
That was, what, three years?
Yeah, three years since Whitney sent out that tweet
where he called out, asked Biz to do a pod,
and Biz said, I'm still going to play.
And I kind of threw my nose in there.
I said, oh, he's looking for a partner.
And me and Wits, you know,
have known each other a little bit before that.
He slid into the DMs, and we were off and running.
So happy anniversary to us, I guess, huh, boys?
Yep.
And on that note,
we should send it off to one of our best guests ever,
Tyler Sagan.
I mean, he's probably the most handsome guy in the league.
He's crushing everything on and off the ice.
I don't know if we can say that.
That's off the record as far as Tyler Sagan's concerned
because he was a very respectful during the interview,
didn't really talk about his off-ice habits much,
but nonetheless a young superstar. He should be living
life off the ice. And when you think
of having life by the
balls, like just squeezing both balls
like this. Or the Couture.
That's Tyler Sagan.
Now, ladies and gentlemen, Tyler Sagan.
This interview was brought to you by
Tommy John. Guys, this
holiday season, I have some tips for treating
your ornaments with care.
You know, your snow globes, your jingle bells. It's Tommy John, the revolutionary clothing company
that's redefining comfort. Tommy John has the most comfortable underwear on the planet, keeping men
neat and nestled and women panty line and wedgie free. Both their men's and women's underwear sport
a no wedgie guarantee, comfortable stay putbands, and a range of fabrics that are luxuriously soft,
feather-light, moisture-wicking, breathable, and designed to move with you,
not against you.
That means no bunching, no rolling, and no riding up.
I got my Tommy John's on right now.
Just was on the train for four hours.
Perfectly comfortable.
No issues whatsoever.
You don't get that with the old fruit of the looms.
So if you're on the fence wondering if Tommy John would be a memorable gift,
think about all the adjusting and lugging you'll never have to endure
or see again. And with limited
edition holiday gifts and daily deals,
there's something for everyone on your list,
naughty or nice.
Give the gift of mind-blowing comfort this holiday
season with limited edition holiday gifts
from Tommy John. Save 20
on your first order at
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets. That's TommyJohn.com
slash chicklets for 20 off. I'd like to welcome to the podcast first time guest.
Surprised it took this long. I actually used to train with him at BioSteel Camp.
I couldn't keep up with this young buck. That's when I knew it was time to hang up the skates.
Drafted in 2010. Second overall. I don't even know who this young buck. That's when I knew it was time to hang up the skates. Drafted in 2010.
Second overall.
I don't even know who went first, Pigeon.
But he is the first line center for the Dallas Stars.
Welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast, Tyler Sagan.
What's up, guys?
Happy to be here.
Oh, thank you very much.
By the way, how about Biz saying that he realized he had to retire
when he couldn't hang with you like he could ever hang with you?
When was the hanging going on that it was equal, Biz?
You got to be honest with Biz, though.
He can still feel weights down in the room.
Yeah, he can.
And yell while doing it.
He's a grunter.
Six.
Man, time flies, though.
600 games played now.
What the hell?
What happened?
I don't know.
I blinked, and then it was done.
So 600 last night.
Yeah, I couldn't believe it either.
Veteran now, apparently, though, is what I'm told.
Oh, that would have been your, what did they say, the pension,
the old-school pension.
You were involved with that, right?
Yeah, Seggs really needs that thing now.
Holy fuck.
You should be giving that pension to people on the street, you cheap prick,
if you don't.
No, I'm bummed about the jacket.
I guess he used to get a leather jacket.
Yes, yes.
That's what I'm bummed about.
Specter was telling me you got a jacket at 400 and sleeves at 600 or something,
but I haven't got anything until I was gone about that.
I got a NHL
PA toque when I hit 200.
Not bad.
That's like, hey, Biz, that's like
Segs, you ever go into the NHL PA store?
Biz was the teammate that just loaded up like six
bags. You got Christmas for the
whole family. He's like, oh, fuck!
We got it all, all boys he gets like 19
ea sports games that's funny um well wait you wanted to ask him about uh the stanley cup
celebration when he was in boston yeah so listen so we're gonna get into a bunch of stuff but the
red socks took down the title last night thank you very much that's oh yeah last 14 years and
it reminded me because now you know they're they're going to be following around partying.
And when you guys, you and Marshy ripped it up in 11,
it was kind of the beginning of the first time stars were all over social media
as they were partying for three days.
So what was that like?
It was actually a lot of the beginning of basketball sports actually too.
So I remember,
I remember winning
and then one of the
first things we did
when we got back
into the room was
Marshy came up to me
and goes,
hey,
I got this guy
texting me.
It's going to give me
some money if we take
a picture right now
doing this sign.
So,
I was like,
okay.
So,
we put our fingers
in a weird sign
and it turns out
it was the
Barstool sign.
So,
sure enough,
it was that
Fortney,id fortney
whatever his name is that's good enough sign through the sign and you know sure enough the
rest of that you know the parting of everything after we won we checked our school every day
and be like okay like how did last night you know turn out you know like where did we end up like
what like what did media catch it was good i mean we were all having fun you know turn out you know like where did we end up like what like what did media catch
it was good i mean we were all having fun you know didn't care about image or whatnot but
you know to this day i still cannot see pictures of us with our shirts up on the bar but you know
it's a great time what hey what's the story behind that tab at the the casino that with that big
bottle was uh did char end up picking up that tab no chance no chance no
there was a uh a briefcase briefcase of cash that got brought in um that from my understanding you
know i was obviously a rookie and the youngest guy on the team but from my understanding it came from
you know management and ownership you know for us to have a good time and um sean thornton had
time handling that business so you know i was just kind of a good time and um sean thornton had time handling that business
so you know i was just kind of a young buck and listening to rumors but i i from my understanding
um that bar tab came and the casino took care of the tab and then we just paid the waitresses like
close to 100 grand or something so i mean they walked away with a nice tip that night that's
for sure that probably helped you get laid.
But moving on from that, oh, sorry, do you have one?
No, last question.
I always wondered if it was true.
Did you finally get the call from like Neely or someone above like,
hey, bud, you got to go home for the summer now. Like, please leave Boston for a couple weeks.
True story.
It was true.
It was Mar. It was
Marci and I
because we were really into the time
and we
heard that Chicago went
15 days or something in a row
at the time, so we were trying to
beat it because we were like,
we just won the cup and it was all about having a good
time and everything. The married guy started
slipping away around day 8 or 9 and I think there's day 13 or 14 of us you know going
out every day and you know celebrating with the city and the fans that we got a call from
peter shirelli and it was at like the same time we were together and he said listen guys like don't
care what you've done you know glad you guys have had a good time you guys can leave boston now go
home for the off season get. Get ready for next year.
So that day, that day, I got on a flight at like 5 o'clock
because the call was at like 10 or 11 in the morning.
I got on a flight and Marci got in his car, and we both left that day.
That was it.
Ninja dust.
You've got to imagine that's probably the time you started rubbing elbows
with other celebrities and athletes in the city.
Because that was, what, after your  was that in your first year you guys won
or your second?
That was my first year.
Your first year.
So, like, obviously you had a party with Gronkowski and other guys.
Is that when you ended up meeting them?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, we all kind of met them earlier that year.
That was when we first met, like, Ray Johnan Rondo started playing with us after we won.
We had always known Mike Napoli was on the Sox then.
A couple of other guys.
Obviously, the Patriots, Edelman, Danny Amendola, Gronk.
Probably those guys a bunch.
Then I still have close friends with some of the Pats, even after that.
But then another call I did get from my Bruins bosses, I guess.
My bosses when I was in Boston was to stay away from Gronk a little bit
because this was back when he was single and he was kind of going to
and I was a young buck of town, you know, enjoying myself as well.
And, you know, we kind of had to separate ways there.
Well, that year was nuts because, I mean,
you came into a really good team, very deep,
and had like a solid regular season.
But then at the beginning of the playoffs, you weren't playing.
And I just remember you going in that game.
I think it was Tampa.
You had a couple goals or an assist.
Do you remember that?
Were you like, get me in the lineup?
What the fuck's going on?
Or were you just waiting your turn a little bit?
Yeah, I mean, at that time that time you know my first year and even my first couple years i don't even know if i was thinking much i mean i was just in love in the moment i mean being in
the nhl you know and us even getting down to the you know in the playoffs and then being as good
as we were i mean you're not supposed to step in the league as an 18 year old and be in a stanley
cup contender you know it doesn't work like that so i was just trying to enjoy it all and earn my we were I mean you're not supposed to step in the league as an 18 year old and be in a Stanley Cup
contender you know it doesn't work like that so I was just trying to enjoy it all and earn my spot
and um like you said I remember sitting upstairs um and I think it was um Bergeron got hit I don't
know if it was against Philly it was against someone Bergeron got hit and I realized I'm not going to go in and play. And my first game was at home against Tampa
and we lost pretty badly.
But I remember I had like a goal and assist or something late.
And the next game was kind of like my coming out party,
I guess you could say.
You know, we had that one period.
I was playing with Ryder and Chris Kelly
and we put up four or five goals.
And, you know, that was, I mean, that was my,
I'm never going to forget that game.
That was awesome.
Was your attitude maybe how you were kind of living the dream and having a good time?
Do you think that maybe rubbed Julie in the wrong way a little bit?
Were you just kind of a free spirit having a good time?
I mean, I was a kid with a lot of personality.
I had a lot of confidence.
And I would just enjoy myself i mean i was
you know working hard every day but i mean i was living my dream um and and i didn't i didn't know
the complete worst or understanding what was going on i didn't understand how hard it was to make
playoffs or get past the first round or you know win the conference or even make to the finals
because i was like after especially after the first year i'm like we do this all the time
you know second year we had a good team we lost, especially after the first year, I'm like, we can do this all the time.
You know, the second year we had a good team.
We lost to Washington the first round, which I didn't think we were supposed to.
And then the third year, we're right back at it in the finals in Chicago.
And I'm like, you know, this is going to happen every year. So I've said it many times, but when I do look back at my first year,
I wish I understood the complete worth of the Stanley Cup
and how hard it is to get there.
Because I could say right now I'd rather win it today or yesterday
than I did my first year.
But at the end of the day, obviously it was a good time
and I'm happy it all happened.
Before we get to the trade, your time in Switzerland,
what was that like?
I don't even know how to say that name.
Biel?
Biel, yeah. Biel, BN, Switzerland. That was that like? I don't even know how to say that name. Biel? Biel, yeah.
Biel, BN, Switzerland.
That was awesome. Honestly, I said if there's ever a lockout across the fingers that there's not,
I'd probably go back to somewhere out in
Switzerland. I loved it.
It was definitely
a different scene and
pretty surreal experience,
but I really enjoyed it. I'd go back.
You ended up playing with Patrick Kane there. there oh jesus yeah he's pretty decent yeah
he's pretty decent they had a different kind of uh training and workouts out there though i will
say and i was hobby kane or came because you know he was a little he was more of an established
than i was um and then when he started seeing some of our game day workouts,
you know, he'd come and grab me and be like,
okay, we're not going to do the workout with the team today.
We're going to, you know, hang out and do our own stretches.
And he went and talked to the coach and said, you know,
NHL players need to prepare a little differently. You know, we just go where we're used to.
So we'd go and get on foam rollers,
and these guys would be out running laps from the soccer field outside.
So I was happy he came over, but we had they like you you missed your blood transfusion session sir
sir uh your your 20 mile bike ride uh you you missed it i just i couldn't believe how how hard
they trained how different it was over there um but i mean i guess you see it in russia a little
bit i think switzerland's trying to steal some of Russia's training and stuff.
But, you know, all in all, it was a good experience.
Yeah, at least Switzerland, you get like a chocolate after Russia.
They give you a chicken with no wrapper on it out of the floor.
And so it's a little better.
But I want to go into 2013.
All right, you guys lose to Chicago.
And you get traded July 4th.
Now, before I ask you about a legendary party I've heard about on July 4th.
How have you heard about this?
Because I know people.
I'm from Boston.
R.A. told us he was there.
R.A. was actually there.
You don't remember.
He was the waiter for the party.
I got to be careful, though.
I don't know how much stuff I'm going to be talking about on this.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
Well, I actually want to know, though.
Did you think you were getting traded?
I mean, there are rumors, whispers, but were you still pretty confident you'd be there?
And what happened that day?
Like, where were you when you found out?
That day, I was confident I wasn't getting traded.
I was a little nervous around the draft.
You know, I had been hearing some rumors, too.
You know, with some of my meetings with the management, you know, it just wasn't going well.
From, you know, talking from my agent with the management, you know, it just wasn't going, wasn't going well, um, from, you know,
talking from my agent at the time. And I remember being, I was at,
I was at my friend's, I can't remember what it was.
My buddy had some kind of a family event that I was out,
that I was at in California and it was during the draft. So I was at the draft, seeing a lot of people get traded.
And then once I did it, I kind of like had a breath of fresh air.
I was like, hey, I'm not getting traded.
Like, that's it.
You know, July 1st came around.
July 4th, I went down to Cape Cod.
And if you know the Boston area, obviously you know what Cape Cod is.
So I was out there, you know, we were still in July 4th.
I probably had, I don't know, 30 of my closest friends, you know,
at the time from Canada and Boston all together.
And then that's not a humble brag.
You have 30 friends.
Well,
I mean,
okay.
All right.
Back to my story.
So there was 30 people there at the time and I got traded and the service is
bad.
So I actually didn't know what was happening.
My phone just lit up with text messages saying Dallas and questions about
Dallas. And I didn't know a thing about Dallas.
I'd only been once in my career because of the lockout.
And I couldn't call anybody because I know service.
So we had to get in the car, drive downtown.
And I started getting calls that I just got traded.
Did that, did that kill the buzz of the party?
More importantly, did that kill the buzz of the party?
Honestly, it wasn't a party at that time.
It wasn't a party.
It was just a big gathering.
We didn't have a plan to have a party or anything.
It was just hanging out at the beach having some beers hanging out and then once that all happened it was probably quiet for
i don't know at least 30 hours after that you know we're just everyone trying to understand
what just happened um because obviously like you you understand there's trades in hockey and whatnot
but like being who i was then you know 20 years 20 years, 19, 20 years old, you know, I still didn't understand that.
Hey, this is still a business, you know?
And once I understand that phone call, then it all set in.
And then, yeah, we were like, all right, well, let's have a little party here.
And then I was good.
I packed up my shit the next day, head out of town.
I look back.
You went and rented one of those, uh, those lights that shine into the sky.
Yeah. Something like that. The bat signal. Uh, and then you, and then one of those uh those lights that shine into the sky yeah something like that signal uh and then you and then you end up going to dallas pretty fun team i mean jamie ben was there you guys actually had ray whitney that your first year there the
wizard the wizard the wizard how much different was it than boston and and just talk about your
first year there how i mean you obviously settled nicely, 84 points over a point a game.
It was just so different.
You know, my role was so different.
I was kind of given this, I guess you could say this, I don't know,
opportunity that I would have had if I didn't get drafted
to a Stanley Cup contender my first few years.
Because, I mean, you see how it is in today's day and age.
I mean, when you're a top draft pick,
you're usually going on the first, second line, first fire play
on a team that's, you know, kind of at the bottom.
And when I was at Boston, I got drafted because of a trade there,
obviously with the Phil Kessel.
You know, I was stepping into a team that was, you know,
ready for a cup run, which obviously it all worked out.
So I went to Dallas, you know, I got put on the first night right away.
You know, I got given the opportunity.
I had to seize it.
But, you know, and I was also, I was pissed off.
I mean, that summer I had probably the most grown up summer I had up until that point.
And it was definitely a maturing process, just being faded, you know, having that chip on your shoulder, being angry.
process just being traded you know having that chip on your shoulder being angry um you know but at the end of the day i still can say i mean it was the best things that ever happened to me was
coming to dallas being traded here so um i guess there's no reason but i'm glad it all worked out
was that your first summer training with maddie nickel or had you been doing it before that
i do never had been doing it before that but it was the first summer where I um like I say
maturing I mean I started you know looking into eating even healthier I started looking into what
I wanted to improve on in training and not just training you know there's little things that
you know that came with being you know pissed off so I'm sure I would have thought it at some point
but I mean at the end of the day when I got traded that really still did jumpstart my career even more um you know more personally so biz brought up
Jamie Benn and uh we were just pumping his tires recently talking about that fight he had with
Miles Wood and it's you guys just naturally have this this amazing chemistry on the ice it seems
like your good buddy's off the ice so what type of of guy is he and what type of leader is he? It must be nice to be able to play with him every night.
Yeah, it's always nice.
You know, we really  our personalities bounce off of each other.
You know, when I first came to Dallas, he was super quiet and I was super loud.
And I think I got him going a bit and he kind of tamed me.
That's probably the easiest way to describe it.
You know, we just just we push each other
both have a competitive drive we both want what's best for this team and you know we're both kind of
you know growing up growing up with each other i guess i mean he's a little bit older than me but
you know to see him grow into being being a captain you know he got given it to given it
to him at a younger age and you know now he's the guy that says the things at the right time
you know leads on the things at the right time,
you know, leads on the ice at the right time.
And, you know, a guy I still look up to,
but I like to take some, you know, pressure off of him as well sometimes with some leadership stuff.
Another personality that seemed to fit right in is Radulov,
which sometimes you post videos of him on Instagram.
This guy looks like an absolute character.
Too much.
Oh, too much, man.
He can't get off the instagram every day
i'm on about he's got to do these selfie walk things that he does and
always got the camera too close to his face but you know he loves uh he loves social media he
loves loves hockey loves to compete and you know he's a guy that's contagious i mean you know right
now he's hurt and um he's still on ice, you know, pushing probably even too hard.
I mean, he just wants to compete, loves the game,
and he's trying to be around.
What's one of the weirdest things he does, like Russian shit?
Like does he cross the sauces at the pregame meal like Ovechkin does?
Like does he eat like a slob?
Weirdest thing?
I don't know.
I mean
How's he dressed?
How's he dressed? as russian as you
can i mean our goal our goalie our goalie antoa kidovan x bruins as well i play with him boss
for a little bit he dresses russian i mean everything's gucci louis fendi prada but um
you know rats he keeps a pre-tame he's not not bad. He likes what's hot. He likes fashion, but he's not crazy.
But does he mix in the old Aeropostale shirt underneath the Gucci track suit
or something Abercrombie and Mitch?
No, he's too.
He likes spending his money too much to do any of that stuff.
Okay.
Because sometimes you get the weird mix.
They'll get the Gucci track suit, but then they'll have the Hollister shirt on.
You're like, that just doesn't add up.
Aeropostale.
Yeah, that's our goalie.
Our goalie would do something like that.
He's got matching green pants.
But if you wear a green or a purple pant, you don't match the shirt with the same color.
And that's something our goalie would do.
So that's where the rush is at.
Our producer, Mikey, has got a question. and you guys have actually hung out together in boston i think
he was lurking by your vip looking at your legs your legs one night no uh actually that's a weird
time to ask this question then thanks for the transition boys but uh 2015 you did the uh espn
the body issue uh you you are a cool ass naked.
So what was that like, you know, just like skating around ass naked in front of like 25 cameras,
people like taking pictures of you and shit?
You know what?
It was a really fun day. The first 15 minutes, or I guess probably the morning of, I was getting a little nervous.
I'm like, okay, I'm starting to realize what I'm about to do.
You know, I'm going to be butt naked in front of these random people.
And I'm confident, comfortable, whatever you want to talk about with your body.
You know, I'm not insecure or anything.
But once I was getting there and I realized how many women were on the scene,
I was like, Jesus, like there's a lot of females here that are going to be showing up.
It's easier than I thought.
Yeah. At least the Cial that are going to be showing up. It's easier than I thought. Yeah, but...
At least the Cialis is going to kick in.
The good part of it all was the first shot was in the shower.
So it was an easy break in.
You know, I'm in the shower, but naked.
The water's warm.
You know, I'm not feeling cold or chilly or small or anything like that.
So it was good to go after that.
Once I got the first shot out of the way,
then I just had to follow it the rest of the day and had a good time.
That would make me nervous.
And I talked to Lupo because I think Lupo did it.
And I can't confirm or deny, but sometimes guys need a little help down there,
especially when you're going to be around all day.
I know 100.
If I would have had to do that, obviously I wouldn't cause I'm a plug,
but I would have popped a Cialis.
I don't want to,
I don't want to be,
I don't want to be cruising around on the ice with a shrinky dinky,
you know,
am I wrong here?
Am I wrong?
Um,
well,
I mean,
as long as they see it,
as long as they see it at the warm time,
I mean,
they're not going to trip out or you tuck it in,
you tuck it into the mangina.
I was like,
ah,
no, no. Okay. Hey dude, imagine, I mean, they're not going to trip down. Or you tuck it in. You tuck it into the mangina. Everyone's like, ah! No?
No?
Okay.
Hey, dude, imagine.
I hope kids don't listen to this.
Can you imagine if I got asked to do the ESPN?
Oh, my God.
If my nickname's unfitney, what are the chances of me in the body?
Hey, I wanted to ask you, just recently I was working at NHL Network.
Not a big deal.
I worked there.
And we did a little thing on you guys.
We actually interviewed  who did we interview?
I don't even remember at this point.
But we went over your guys' video at Dude Perfect.
And you'd done something before with them.
And, like, they showed you at this fantasy factory.
Is that their office?
That's their office, man.
It was incredible.
Can you tell us what's in that place?
It was incredible. Can you tell us what's in that place? It was unbelievable.
Like every person's office had something sick in it.
It's literally just a massive playground.
Their whole facility is a big basketball court, hockey rink.
They have golf simulators.
They have a big gym.
They have putting greens, chipping greens.
We did a lot of fun stuff.
I mean, we did a shoot with them jamie and i
we did this video with them back when they were just kind of starting and then they're like hey
we want to do something again this was like two weeks ago we're like perfect so we went and looked
at the video jamie and i did a few years ago and the video has 15 million views like but we're like
what like at the time there was like 50 000 views. Now they're at 15 million. I understood why their facility or their office was so cool.
They're making money now and doing a great job.
The stuff coming out of it is going to be good.
I'm sure everyone's going to like it.
They're making second money now.
Those YouTubers make a bank.
Millions?
That makes some good money.
I bet you each guy's pulling in over a million,
easily.
What?
I'd say millions, too.
After everything I saw,
I wouldn't have believed it
until I actually went and saw their office
and heard what things they're doing.
Yeah, I'd say millions, too.
I guess this is a good time to segue,
which is my favorite word on this podcast,
into Goon 2.
You did a little acting.
Uh-huh, I did.
Yeah, well, first of all, this is an R.A. question,
and quote, unquote, he said, welcome to the acting community, because I don't know if you know R.A. was famous for his scene
in the movie The Town.
You can see his bald hair.
He played a dumbed-down version of the Sloppy Joe lady from Billy Madison.
No, she had lines. Yeah. No, she had lines.
Yeah, well, she had lines.
He didn't see him, but nonetheless,
he thinks he should have won an Oscar for it.
But he just wanted you to talk about your experience on set,
obviously meeting, you know, that Jay Baruchel or something.
I think that's his name.
I can't say his last name either.
Baruchel Bukal.
Yeah, it's a tough one.
I think he's usually at our games in Montreal.
He's usually at our games in Montreal.
Well, that was a cool day.
I mean, obviously, it was pretty sweet.
It was the first time I got to be in a little movie.
What is it called?
Cameo?
Camera?
Whatever.
Cameo.
Cameo, yeah.
I was getting mixed up.
We're rubbing off on you.
It was cool, but it was also, man, I was at the next stop. It was, it was all,
it was also,
man,
I was there for like seven hours and I think I'm in the movie for seven
seconds.
I'm pretty sure I had two scenes deleted,
so I might have to go back to drawing more than acting,
but,
um,
you know,
happy.
I did it actually quick,
quick story about cameo.
I actually was supposed to be in,
um,
the entourage movie,
uh, for a cameo with some of the
other boston athletes and this is back when um my trade happened so i remember getting told you
know i'm gonna be in this cameo and then i got traded and then i remember a little while later
oh yeah you're we don't need you anymore we're just doing boston athletes i was pretty i was
pretty bummed about that.
You're like, I'm the real-life Vinny Chase.
I'm the real-life Vinny Chase.
Are you gassing me?
Yeah, well, it's like Wahlberg likes all the athletes, right?
Dallas and stuff.
And I know Donnie well, too.
And so I was excited for that.
But, yeah, that didn't happen.
Apparently, Joffrey, Leupold, Scotty Upshaw, and Shane O'Brien
were also supposed to be in the movie, and their scene got cut out.
No, no, they were in it.
They were in it.
Oh, they were briefly?
Yeah, it was when the girl broke Turtle's arm.
They were standing there, like, cheering when Ronda Rousey broke Turtle's arm
in, like, that ring UFC.
Oh, okay, so they were in it.
Yeah.
No lines on it.
I guess my
What a crew that sounds like.
Oh, geez.
Yeah, they like to have a good time.
The Hollywood
The Hollywood scene is like, enough of these guys.
Send them home.
Holy crap.
They couldn't get invited to the premiere just because they're like, no.
They love everything about the game but the game.
Would you ever
How do you describe yourself that day? They love everything about the game but the game. Would you ever act?
How do you describe yourself at this?
Yeah, that's pretty much exactly how I describe myself.
Would you continue acting, especially once hockey's over?
Is that something that you would be passionate about?
Probably not, no.
I was watching a movie last night.
I saw Sean Avery in it for about four seconds, and then he got shot.
And I was like, yeah, that's not me.
No, I'm not.
You're like, I'm doing the shooting.
I'm not getting shot.
Fuck that.
No, I'm not getting shot.
No.
So I have to ask you, I saw on your Instagram this year, dude,
you were over at the Open when Tiger made a run.
You also went on a little European vacation with your buddies.
Give me that whole lay down.
Yeah, trip-wise was pretty awesome.
We started in Ibiza, so we got, you know, two days of partying.
We went to Barcelona.
We got two days of, you know, three days of food and, you know, scenery,
and then we went to the open, and obviously there was no scenery
or really food or anything like that or partying there um
and we literally golfed for six days um but going to see you know if you haven't seen a tiger crowd
and you like golf you know you have to go see a tiger crowd i mean it's it's surreal it's six
seven people deep um we'd go three four holes ahead of tiger just to even get a glimpse and
uh it was a cool experience that sund Sunday we were on the 10th hole.
I think Tiger just tied into the lead.
We walked over to the 14th, and then we realized he was four shots past.
We were a little bummed, but it was a good time.
Dude, so I saw you.
You got some new titleless clubs.
What's your game like?
And we brought up Ray Whitney.
You ever play golf with him when you got to Dallas?
He's in a complete stick.
I think we played once, yeah.
But I was still, even when I got to Dallas my first year,
I was still slowly getting into golf.
So I didn't play that much like I do now.
But no, golf game was good this summer.
I got pretty dialed in for that trip out in the open.
We probably played like 50 rounds before it.
So we were doing a lot.
But no, definitely love golf Lovegolf right now.
Some other off-ice activities.
You like to fish a lot.
Is that your cottage in Muskoka, or do you rent that in the summer?
Yeah.
No, that's mine.
That was one of my first purchases when my current deal kicked in
was buying a cottage.
Family uses it all the time when I'm gone.
I'm a big fisherman.
I probably post too much about fish, but whatever.
I love them.
You know what?
We have so many hicks that follow the show.
They're going to love that.
We had Jordan Tutu on recently, and he was talking.
Why do you have hicks that follow your show?
Oh, man, small-town Canada, man.
That's our loyal following.
That's hockey to its core, like us.
Fair enough. That's all Biz is core, like us. Fair enough.
That's all Biz is super fan from when he played out in the Wheeling Nailers
and all these places.
Oh, yeah.
If you talk about camouflage, you'll get another 100,000 followers
on Instagram and Twitter.
Fair enough.
Do you fish with any of the hockey boys?
I know you train with all the guys at BioSteel downtown Toronto
at St. Mike's.
Do any of those guys come up to your cottage and join in the festivities?
A couple came up for Canada Day.
I always have a Canada Day gathering,
but the only guy that thinks he's a fish whisperer is probably Michael Delzotto.
He's one of your good buddies.
Yeah, he comes and fishes a bunch.
So it's always open
wherever he wants to come.
Thanks, I'll take that.
For the guys that still
work out in Toronto.
Oh, okay.
LA Fitness.
Gotta be at the gym.
Oh, fuck.
I gotta ask about your current new coach
in Dallas, Jim Montgomery.
Does he ever remind you guys or make you guys check out his stats at Maine?
I don't know if you've seen those.
It's insane.
I haven't seen them.
He sent us a picture of his head shot from back in the day.
He was flowing a bit more back then, but, I mean,
he's done a heck of a job so far this year.
Sags, talk about your website.
You got a clothing line, a website.
I'm sure you do charity work.
I couldn't find it on there.
Are you involved with any personally?
Yeah, charity-wise, I have this thing called Sagan Stars.
So, that's a suite at every game.
A lot of players have done it around the league.
So, I have the Boys and girls club of texas that comes out and um once a week after the games they'll come out and get to meet me and
meet the teammates and a lot of these people have never even been to a hockey game so it's nice to
see them all excited and then once a year uh for the last two three years now we've opened up a
outdoor hockey ballpark at one of the schools.
So kids can go play basketball, tennis, play hockey.
But it's really getting to the seniors,
so I'm looking forward to doing more things this year.
Well, Seggs, if there's anything else you'd like to touch on
before we let you go, we definitely appreciate your time,
especially in the midst of the season.
Is there anything else you'd like to discuss?
Do you have any questions for Biz?
No.
No, I don't think so.
I think I asked most of the questions.
In New York, when you scared me with the snakes and stuff,
that was my fun.
We did the what's in the box, and then we were comparing tattoos.
And then you guys ended up putting on a jumbotron in Dallas,
which I mean
Oh, did we?
Oh, God, my body's terrible right now. Your body must have looked big on the jumbotron in dallas which i mean did we oh god my body's terrible right now i haven't
your body your body must have looked big on the jumbotron oh i looked like on what's it what do
you call your your name whitney unfitness fitney unfitney unfitney sex uh one more i got for you
at the the bio steel training who's like the most high-maintenance guy? I mean, you train with some pretty big  like Tom Wilson's there.
Oh, high-maintenance.
I'd like to say Dele, but I don't want to put him on the spot
because he actually might get butthurt about it.
Let's go Darnell Nurse.
Call him high-maintenance.
Oh, no shit.
Maybe we should stir the pot to put out a big headline
that's why i put nurse you just to stir the pot yeah that's what that's what we do here and then
we're gonna suck them on the pot i guess it's just him and divo are so high maintenance about those
off-white shoes and making sure they got this the stickers on them still oh they won't take
them off.
That makes me think of high maintenance right there.
Like those off-white things, right?
They're hypebeasts.
Everything's on hypebeasts.
The off-white.
What's the other stuff they got going now?
They got these other...
They almost dress Russian
sometimes, deal on them with other Gucci and everything, T-shirts.
So get the sir pot, get the pot, sir.
Someone in a locker.
Well, don't be spending your money like a fool, Seggs,
because you're going to run out.
Big thanks again for coming on, and best of luck the rest of the way.
All right, thanks, man. Thanks for having me, fellas.
Hey, good luck, Seggs. Thanks, bud.
That interview was also brought to you by HIMSS.
Guys, as you get older, some new problems pop up that, you know,
didn't happen before.
And the emphasis on pop-up.
The sexual performance issues are more common than you think.
Over 25 of new erectile dysfunction cases are guys under 40.
And guys usually don't want to talk about it.
It's embarrassing.
They think it is.
But, you know, it happens to everybody.
Like I said before, even the world's greatest actor can't fake fake one so why do guys turn to weird solutions or do nothing when
they can instead turn to medicine and science forhims.com is your one-stop shop for skin care
and sexual wellness for men this stuff works well-known generic equivalents the name brand
prescriptions to help you combat ed real simple there's waiting room, no awkward in-person doctor visits,
co-pays, no lines, none of that BS.
You don't have to get your blood pressure taken.
You send a few quick questions, send the answers in,
chat with the doctor for a confidential review.
The products are shipped directly to your door.
It's great.
Severe erectile dysfunction is not just some rich old guy problem.
It can affect any guy at any age, and you want to get help for it, man.
You're too young to deal with that stuff, okay? Being your best means performing your best. It's erectile
without that dysfunction. Hard made easy. Say hello to your little friend. This week only,
HIMSS has a special offer for Barstool listeners. Get the first month of your ED prescription free with your consultation at 4hims.com.
Go to 4hims.com slash hockey.
That's F-O-R-H-I-M-S dot com slash hockey.
4hims.com slash hockey.
See website for details.
Once again, huge thanks to Tyler Sagan of the Dallas Stars for joining us this week.
Great guy who's been having a lot of success in dallas and uh hopefully he continues doing so uh what do we all what else
we got going on boys did you happen to see mackenzie weger the florida panthers he got the
rare uh abuse of official misconduct the other night i don't do you happen to see it oh he did
get it because i saw the ref came over and started waving his finger at him i thought that was a little bit of
embellishment by the linesman i think he just nicked his head by accident when he went to like
swing and hit the glass because he wasn't happy with the call i mean like what did he get tossed
out of the game and find no nothing nothing like that just to let the listeners know uh mckenzie
he got a double mind and he went to smack a stick off the glass. And when he was in kind of his backswing or his windup,
he looked like he barely caught linesman Johnny Murray
because, you know, as he started going forward, Murray had moved.
And Murray gave like what a player would do, like you said, Biz,
kind of embellished a little, threw the head back like he was looking for a call,
which is kind of ironic coming from a ref.
Yeah, and then Chris Rooney, referee Chris Rooney, came over,
bitched him out like he screamed at him in the penalty box,
and he ended up getting a 10-minute misconduct.
Have you ever seen a referee assaulted during a game, Biz, at all?
Jeez, like, in the flesh, no, not  no, I've never seen it live.
I mean, obviously the Weidman one was a little wild to me.
That was  and then that linesman, didn't he end up suing the league
yeah i think that might still be going on even yeah he might have got a nice little payday there
but nothing nothing live i've seen a couple uh i've seen a couple people tag me in some some
vicious ones that are in like these minor leagues i have seen that or men's leagues and it's it's
fucking crazy like that people take like minor league hockey or men's
league hockey that seriously so uh no i haven't i thought that one like you said it was a little
bit of embellishment uh i i even want to say that the linesman was like telling the referee hey he
didn't get me that bad it looked like he was kind of trying to defend the kid but nonetheless hey
you just got to be careful yeah Yeah, boys, that ref certainly could
use a little bit of Herbal Active after taking a stick to the dome there, even if it already
glanced them. It probably wants to go to the website, herbalactive.com. It's U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.
Me and Biz, we've been talking about it at length on the show now. It's great stuff,
whether you're using the balm, put on your sore knee, maybe the mint to take away a little of
the anxiety, maybe the drops to get your day going.
The stuff is fantastic, man.
We swear by it.
Everybody who gets back to us swears by it as well.
And right now they have a special offer just for spit and chiclets listeners.
Get 20 off checkout at www.herbalactive.com.
Use the promo code biz20.
And for those listeners in the Phoenix area, look them up.
They're local.
They have a store you can go right into and pick up the product.
Don't forget to use the code because it works there as well.
All right?
So, boys, I hope you guys are using your herbal active
because it sounds like you're certainly stinging this weekend.
Another one that I was surprised at was when Antoine Vermette slashed the linesman.
And it was Alfonso, who's a great guy.
and it was Alfonso, who's a great guy.
And I think  I don't know how many games that  what's his name? Vermette.
Jeez, that just shows how long of a bender I've been.
Hey.
Weger probably should have  Vermette.
Weger probably should have  I mean, you got to be a little smart
in terms of like waving your stick and slashing off the glass. You got to kind of make sure it refs out of the way, no? I mean, you got to be a little smart in terms of like waving your stick and slashing off the glass.
You got to kind of make sure the ref's out of the way, no?
I mean, I know
obviously you didn't mean to do it, but
you might want to wait until you know
the guy's not around or wait until you get in
the box and then almost hit the guy that opens the
door instead of the ref. You can't get a penalty
for hitting the penalty box. I just think it's
stupid how the referee has to
bring you there. It's like, hey, I know where the fucking box
is, dude. Just go worry about the puck
and drop the puck. Yeah, if it's like a fight,
it's one thing. You've got to
take him to the box. You've got to separate
him or a guy's going to want to get someone else. Obviously,
that time, if you get a penalty for tripping
or whatever his penalty was for, you just let
him go skate to the box. He's not going to
try to escape to the bench.
Yeah, I mean, the line was right there.
I think he actually might have even had his hand on his back.
So I don't know how he didn't know he was there.
And I think the league also would take intent into a situation like this.
He obviously didn't mean to catch him.
I mean, like I said, he looked like he barely glanced him.
But, Wits, I don't know if you were old enough to remember.
Do you remember Terry O'Reilly bitch-slapping Andy Van Hellemund on the ice?
No, I don't actually. Is it on YouTube?
Yeah, Terry O'Reilly
punches ref.
Should we move away from the fucking
abusive officials? How long have we been
talking about that? Yeah, I get it
right here. He basically,
O'Reilly was going out to someone and Van
Hellemond kind of pulls him back and he just gets up and he
just like, he bitch- slaps him, man.
I think he got a 10-game suspension.
I'll have to investigate a little further,
but today he'd probably get a fucking season for it.
But it was a pretty big deal at the time, man.
I forget the year.
I don't know.
Let's have our fans tag us in the worst abusive official videos.
Like, just, like, crazy.
Oh, did you guys see this video of this kid in texas who who started
baseball swinging this kid on the ice and there was a video direct video behind the net of it
yeah that was that was a joke dude that was beyond anything you can't use your hockey stick as a
complete weapon trying to it was an axe it was like an axe it was like out of the bottom of
sean avery's bed how old can you tell the guys that story, Biz?
That was insane.
Okay, so by the way, we talked about some of the content that we banked.
I went on like a four-hour escapade with Sean Avery.
We went to his apartment, met him outside.
He obviously smoked cigarettes if you follow him on Instagram.
You have to follow him on Instagram.
He's fucking hilarious.
He bitches about everything, but he's kind of on Instagram. He's fucking hilarious. He bitches about everything,
but he's kind of bang on.
He's my new best friend.
And they're best friends.
He unblocked Grinnell
and they hugged it out
and now they're best friends.
So now he's best friends
with RA and Grinnell.
Well, we went up to his room.
We got a tour of his apartment.
We went up to his room
and I said,
hey, do you sleep on the side
closest to the door?
Which most men should, right? To protect your woman. And he's like, hey, do you sleep on the side closest to the door? Which most men should, right?
To protect your woman.
And he's like, no, I sleep on the other side.
And I'm like, what are you going to happen
if like a burglar comes in?
He goes, oh, that's why I got this for.
And he reaches up underneath his bed
and he had an ax.
And I was like, holy shit,
this guy is legit American psycho.
He's a nut job.
It was a huge ax too.
This wasn't just like a little axe.
This was like a beast axe.
Yeah, and it was sharp, and it was ready to go.
So I don't know how we got there off of the abuse of officials,
but if you're listening, tag us in these videos.
You probably have videos in your phone from beer leagues
and shit like that of crazy stuff going down.
I have a nine iron next to my bed and it took me like an hour one day to decide which club would
be the ideal club to try to beat uh a break-in like you know criminals head in in my living room
because i got six irons like too long then i got like a 56 degrees like almost not heavy enough so
the nine iron was like the perfect like club, I think, to baseball bat someone's head in.
Nice.
Okay.
Well, that's a little tidbit for our fans.
If they want to try breaking in my crib, you'll get a Titleist AP2 off the dome.
Avery's Instagram stories are absolutely hysterical.
He just like stands in random spots in New York.
And like, I wouldn't say he fucks with people,
but he doesn't like not fuck with them.
He loves when people ask him for a cigarette because he'll just stand there and smoke.
And he'll be like, yeah, give me your shoe.
And they'll be like, what?
He's like, you're just asking me for something out of the blue, and I want something from you.
And people look at him like he's got 15 fucking heads.
He has plenty of people to fuck with in New York City, too.
And listen, you might not be down with Sean Avery, but he had a lot of interesting things in his apartment
and a lot of interesting art pieces.
He had a very funny email from Mike Myers.
I'm not going to give too much away,
but those content pieces will be broken down and posted out soon
if you're interested in the Sean Avery escapades.
And is that all you had on abusive officials, R.A.?
No, I got one more.
No, yeah, that's it.
I actually had a question.
I actually had a question for you guys,
and me and Grinnell were talking about it the other day,
and I couldn't think of an answer off the top of my head.
And I said, if you could pick right now,
who would be your number one go-to goalie in the NHL?
And I want to base it off all the criterias.
Obviously, age, salary or potential salary
what you're going to have to pay him uh performance of course and uh and i guess that would that would
be it as far as a goalie is concerned or just like to win one game or to like take to now like
no like to be your franchise goalie i I mean, obviously, Carey Price is very, very good,
but he's also making 10.5 million,
and he's on the second half of his career.
I think he's 30 or 31 right now.
Well, do you take him?
I couldn't come to a conclusive answer.
That is very tough.
I think I stumped you guys right now.
A lot of you guys are trying to think in your head,
like Pecorine.
He's a little old now.
And when it comes down to the playoffs,
he's,
he's never got over that hump.
And now he,
I know moving forward,
he has a good cap at 5 million,
5 million the next two years.
But I mean,
I,
I just,
after last year,
finally getting it done.
I hope he's money, man. Hope he's a gamer, dude. Really? Yeah. I just, after last year, finally getting it done, I hope he's money, man.
I hope he's a gamer, dude.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean, he's never even really been too much of an issue in their prior losses,
and now he has a cup.
He's not that old at all.
Don't sleep on Fleury either.
That is tough, though, Biz.
It's funny.
Right away I thought Rene, and then I was like,
Rene's been just garbage in the playoffs for the most part. know they went they had to run to the finals right and he's and
he's old so you don't want to build your your your your franchise around him right hellebuck
possibly but no i hope he'll be with the cup now he's your man hellebuck is who i said when me and
biz were having the conversation i'm i'm a big hebuck guy. But he's also got the goal support, and he's been behind that team,
and he hasn't really been doing it that long.
R.A., what was your thought?
It was funny.
I was going to say Holpe.
It was an obvious guess, but Witts beat me to it.
But my second pick, he's only 24 years old.
He's 3.5 million this year and next year.
Andre Vasilevsky, man, I think he's the real deal.
He hasn't had a true cup run yet, but I think he's the bona fide number one.
Tampa Bay held the spot for him when they got rid of Bishop,
and that's who I'd go with if I was going to start a franchise.
Is it Gibson in Anaheim?
Yes.
See, he's another guy that's pretty underrated, and he's got a low cap hit.
My only problem with him is he has a hard time staying healthy he gets injuries now and then i don't know it was just a question i asked and i'm
sure a lot of people have a lot different opinions i definitely like the holpe answer
i was just a little concerned after a start he had this year but obviously he was a little hung
over from last year's playoff run but but the consistency is like even last year going into
playoffs they had to use
Grubauer and you know I mean has he sustained it that long where you're sold on him and I guess so
but so that's a question for our fans too I'm sure a lot of you'll be tweeting us uh your answers
um and that's all I got to say about that. Fiz did you go out Friday night too? No I couldn't
I was gonna go meet Revo out and uh you're already a specimen that would have
been just i would have thrown up if you just said yes yeah i texted you at what eight or nine o'clock
that night biz and you're like i'm in bed i'm in i was in bed i slept about 12 to 13 hours that
night um another another question i had boys is uh i don't really question barzell as far as his
point production it's gone downhill a little
bit this year. I know we talked about it on a few pods
earlier, and we said his shooting
percentage was definitely going to go up based on the chances
that he was getting. But it's amazing
when you take away a guy like Jonathan Tavares
and all of a sudden
Barzell has to be the guy.
How hard it is for some of these young guys
to cope being the go-to guy.
Yeah, I think it's definitely  I think originally, Biz,
you said when we talked to us a couple weeks ago
how now he's getting those number one matchups, so that makes it harder.
I also said then he needed to shoot the puck more.
I still think that.
But then last night he gets that assist with the sick toe drag.
I don't know who he dished it over to.
Do you remember who it was, Grinnelly?
I'm going to butcher his name.
It's Bay of View., do you remember who it was, Grinnelly? I'm going to butcher his name. It's Bay of View.
How do you say it?
Oh, I don't even know.
Bay of View?
Yeah.
Oh, Jean Beliveau, that guy?
Yeah, basically.
Well, I mean, that was a great guy.
We need to hire a name guy.
I know, dude.
We all butcher him.
None of us are good with names.
It's like usually you have one guy.
But that was a sick pass.
I understand why he's dishing a lot because he can make plays like that.
But then his shootout goal.
Oh, my God.
One of the best shootout goals of the season.
Bolivier.
Bolivier.
Bolivier.
Oh, Bolivier.
Bolivier.
Still got two different answers there.
But wait, I mean, another thing too, though,
is four goals in 31
games this year his shooting percentage is 5.8 it's actually gone down since i mentioned the
fact that it was going to go up just because you think it's it's going to have to but i mean that
that's to me if you're going to sustain what you have in the nhl you can't be a one-trick pony
and it happened to sydney crosby he went in that one
summer he said fuck this and he started working on a shot and he found ways to score at the national
hockey league level level and he added another thing to his bag not saying he couldn't score
in junior but at the nhl level if you're always a pass first option guys are gonna guys are gonna
catch on to that so i mean four four goals in 31 games i mean you you can't call
someone elite if you're getting four goals in 30 i don't care how many fucking apples you have
yeah you got it you got to be better than that but that even mitch marner's at least 10
oh mitch marner two on saturday night huh when the leafs needed it most after i don't think he'd
scored in 13 games right around then what a a loser. What a loser. 13 games without a goal.
Wake up, Marner. What are you doing this year?
We're obviously kidding for those
who don't know what the fuck's our cast.
If you don't know what it is, you should stop listening to our podcast.
Some Leafs fan breaks my house, gets the
nine-iron off his temple.
Yeah, it's a cliche,
but cliches are generally true. It's
probably a bit of a sophomore slump, too.
The league figures them out a little bit more.
And obviously, like you mentioned, no more Tavares there.
So he was taking a lot of heat off.
It was out last year, but now he's getting that defensive coverage.
Tavares Saturday night in the same game against Florida.
Florida ended up winning on an incredible Barkov hat trick.
But Tavares had such a dirty tip.
The shot was going about four feet wide, cross-body tip.
Yant was kind of covering him, just nothing he could do.
Speaking of that, do you know who leads the league
in power play points right now?
Keith Yandel.
Keith Yandel.
No way.
Yes, tied at the top.
I forget who else he's tied at the top with, but I don't care
because he's probably not my personal close friend.
No big deal.
But in that game, the Barkov hat trick, the winner was so dirty,
backhand shelf and OT, and then after the game, Babcock was like,
yeah, well, Barkov was the best player by 10 miles for both teams.
And he was.
Barkov's 100 one of the most underrated player,
if not the most underrated player in the National Hockey League.
Oh, yeah.
Like, he's one of the best players in the National Hockey League,
and nobody even talks about him.
I would say he's top 10.
Another thing, I want to clear up the air on something.
Okay.
We talked about teams that like to have a little bit of fun last week.
We mentioned the Calgary Flames.
They have a close-knit group,
and they like to go out a little bit as a team
and enjoy themselves.
They're 8-1-1 in their last 10.
First place in the West, 22-10-2 with 46 points.
Good for second-best start in franchise history.
The Flames are a fucking wagon.
They are a wagon.
I know we were a little hard on our boy Andrew Ferentz there,
but if you want to correlate having a good time
to not being a very good team, well, I'm sorry, sir.
I'm going to be a math guy now.
I also forgot, like, when we were talking about Ferentz,
he was talking about being a professional.
I was like, he flipped off the crowd at the Bell Center.
How professional is that?
So, I mean, going back to that, I still can't,
but I still can't,
but I still think just disagree strong with ripping on the former teammates and their habits of going out.
They were bad because they were bad.
Going back to Bacoff for a second,
that was his first career hat trick Saturday night,
but this is some crazy stats about him.
He also leads the NHL in takeaways, penalties drawn,
and he's played more than any other forward in the league,
and he still hasn't committed a penalty.
That's crazy to me.
He doesn't have a penalty?
No, hasn't taken a penalty.
I guess he leads the league in takeaways, penalties drawn,
and he's played more than any other forward, no penalties.
If he doesn't win the Lady Bing, I'll fucking go to the awards
and whip my cock out on stage.
How about that?
I'll show you a Lady Bing.
It's the Lady Ding.
The Lady Ding-a-ling.
Oh, fuck.
That was funny to me. I don't care who's
fucking cringing at home.
That was terrible. Shove that cringe
up your ass. I got no
jokes coming to my head today.
Us doing
this on Sunday night too, people don't even
understand. They don't even understand how hard we work for you guys.
We really did grinding on a Sunday night.
No jokes in my brain.
Any other topics, conversation we can cover, guys,
before we end this bad boy off?
Yeah.
There was one other thing.
Oh.
Oh, Vetchkin.
Are you kidding me?
Are you kidding me right now?
Back-to-back hat trick. Then he gets another one
Saturday night. This dude almost drank
himself to death this summer. He's not in the
best pace he's ever been on. He's going to get
70 goals. How is this humanly
possible?
And by the way, we talked
about it. We mentioned
the Gretzky goal record.
Bucciagras is now sending tweets, I think,
after almost every Ovechkin goal of like what he needs to get.
He's now saying Bucci has him finishing around 910,
910 goals if he stays healthy.
That's playing like 500 of the next 574 games
if he plays through his 40-year-old season.
So this is just nuts to see the partying he did, and
to know how much Dr. Pepper he drinks
on the bench during the
games, what Orpik said his diet
was like, and what he does when he mixes
the goddamn marinara and the white sauce
together, and he's still out there
dominating and sniping every game.
It's one of the craziest
things you'll ever see in your life. Somebody
still dominating like this after living like he did this offseason.
He's got points in 14 straight, which is a career high for a 33-year-old.
His previous was 13 straight, 17 goals, 6 assists,
with 23 points in the 14 games.
Like what you said, he had back-to-back hat tricks.
He's got goals in 6 straight for 10 total goals.
It's his longest streak since
his rookie year, 29 goals in 32 games and only a seventh player, 33 or older with a point streak
of at least 14 games. Other guys, a couple of names you might know, Adam Oates, Gordie Howell,
Luke Robitaille, Wayne Gretzky, Chris Chelios, and Marcel Dion. So, I mean, this guy just gets it
done. You know where he's going to rifle that shot from all the time, and they
just can't stop it, man. He's the premier
goal scorer of his generation, and when
all is said and done, maybe the best ever.
I mean, it's all going to depend on his longevity.
I think based on how good
goaltenders are now, he's the best goal scorer
of all time. And even
if he doesn't, if he falls short of
Greta, I still think he's the greatest
goal scorer of all time.
He is going cheese with these shots.
He ain't shooting it from outside the blue line along the ice,
and it's going in with the fucking goalie with his black ice shin pads on.
I'm saying it's a freak.
You said it perfectly.
I mean, this guy's a freak of nature, and that's all we got to say about that.
Well, also, I saw a tweet.
I don't remember who it was by, but it said,
what's nice about this Ovi stuff is that we don't have to listen to people
during the regular season and say, well, he'll choke again in the playoffs
because now you don't have that anymore,
and you can almost just really enjoy the show.
Exactly.
Whoever sent that tweet, I'm sorry.
I don't remember who sent it, but good point.
You got my attention, and nothing's got my attention since I left for New York City.
I think it was Pete Blackburn who said it, unless somebody else made the same tweet.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Shout out to Pete. He's a good man.
File this one under read the fine print or at least have make sure your agent reads the fine print.
Patrick Berglin was suspended by Buffalo for failure to report.
And I read up a little bit on it per Elliot Friedman.
He had a no trade clause that expired on June 30th and it became a modified
trade clause, which means you can name up to, I think,
well, depending on the contract, eight, 10, 12 teams,
and what you can be traded to.
But Bergman never got his list of teams to the blues in time.
So the trade was to Buffalo is legit.
It wasn't a team he wanted to go to, but either he fucked up
or his agent fucked up or his lawyer, whoever,
never got the list over to the Blues,
so the Blues were able to trade him wherever they wanted.
He was included in that big trade to Buffalo over the summer,
and now he's not happy there.
He's got two goals, two assists in 23 games, a couple of health bombs.
He's still only 30.
He's got three years left at a 3.85 million cap hit.
Phil Housley was asked about him not being, quote, all in, end quote,
and the coach declined comment.
It doesn't seem like a guy who's happy there.
I don't know why they're tearing it up right now.
But have you ever had a situation like this, guys?
I'll go to you, Biz, first.
Have a guy just not wanting to play and failing to report like this?
I think it's wild considering how well the team's doing.
I mean, I get that Buffalo might not be the most desired place.
Now, saying that, he came from St. Louis, very similar towns,
very sport-oriented, not a lot of nightlife going on.
And if it ain't, no, Buffalo's got more nightlife going on than St. Louis.
Yeah, I'm very surprised.
I mean, now, I don't know how true those rumors are.
I'd imagine that it's something that's resulting in him not showing up.
Yeah, it's unfortunate.
I like Bergey, and that's crazy.
And where did you hear those reports that he wasn't really down
with where he was at?
It was actually one of the Sabres blogs I was reading.
They just said he seemed like he never was, you know,
happy about being sent there.
And apparently, you know, he would have put Buffalo on that list.
But, man, how pissed would you be at your agent?
I mean, that's stuff that your agent should know, right?
What's like, what team, when you have to, like,
have that paperwork in by, if you had to send a list,
that's on the agent, not the player, right?
Yeah, I pretty much put everything on the agent.
Once you're paying three percent if you sign
a huge ticket dude i'll tell me where to be and when to be there but anything else you handle
do my dry cleaning get me get me rent a car get me a plane i don't know it's up to the agent so
in terms of like when you need to file paperwork for certain trades or things like that agents need
to be on the ball.
Do you want to take this?
Anything?
I mean, do you agree on that?
I mean, basically.
Oh, 100. 100.
No, go ahead.
You can't actually read the contracts when you got them.
I'm not being the smartest, but do you like
did any place read the whole thing?
I didn't.
Fuck no.
That's what you're playing the way.
What do you mean read the contract?
I can't even fucking read an ad, man.
No.
No, that's on the agent.
You're paying
him three percent and especially what berglund's making you said he's making 3.5 million uh where
do i sign my name yeah 3.85 million cap it it's gonna hundred grand to read the contract and
that's all he has to do that's his job okay that's his one fucking job is to know that contract
inside and out that's what you're gonna
make a hundred thousand dollars a year to read that contract that's gonna take you i'd assume
for for a guy who's got a lawyer background i don't know let's say a day's work maybe not that's
what that is no knowing your client and what he's worth on the market now saying that i'm sure that
the team just came to them with that deal i mean it's pretty standard 3.5 million he's worth on the market. Now, saying that, I'm sure that the team just came to them with that deal.
I mean, it's pretty standard.
3.5 million.
He's making 100,000 to read that contract and understand it.
Put a memo pad in your phone.
Hey, got to put the eight teams in.
Yeah, that's a  if I'm Patrick Berglund,
I ain't paying my agencies that year.
Or I might even be suing him and ask him for all the money back I paid him.
You'd be getting paid by the agent by the end of this thing, Biz. I know you.
Yeah. I also saw, I also
just saw, I know I mentioned
Sunday night, Patriots lost.
They're just, they're trash this year.
Their defense is terrible. But
then I flipped over to the Bruins,
Jack Eichel, two assists,
one goal. I think this weekend, two assists, one goal.
I think this weekend, I mean, I don't know what
he might have to start getting the MVP discussion.
Did I not say this?
Did I not say this from day one of the season
that Jack Eichel was going to win the heart this year?
Wow.
Did you put a bet on it, though?
Yeah, I took it.
I put 100 on it, too.
You put 100 on him to win the MVP?
To win the MVP.
Wow.
He had two assists, both from behind the net.
The first one, he went crossbody behind the back pass.
It was so filthy to Skinner.
And the next one, he found Skinner in front on a little backhand pass.
So he just can do it all.
And Skinner's just making money after
dollar bill sign just
in his eyes after every goal.
I wonder what's going to happen there. I would put him
6th or 7th down the list. I'd put
Goudreau ahead of him right now.
I'd put McDavid, of course.
And then Bo Reyes and Colorado.
But you've got to consider what
Eichel's doing. This was a last place team
last year. This is like Halsey-ish.
This is like Halsey-ish right now.
Exactly like Taylor Hall.
That's what I said.
He was in last place.
They were in last place last year.
He's the top-line center.
He's evolved himself into a two-way player
where he can now play both ways and shut down other teams' top lines.
He's the MVP.
There's no question about it right now.
I got the guys in Colorado.
You were sounding good, but then you just made it.
At the end, you just went a little over your skis there.
Nope.
No, I'm not.
You guys wait.
You guys watch.
He's going to keep fucking going, boys.
He's starting to put the puck in the net, too.
I will say it's great to have him fully healthy because he had the high ankle
sprain issues for the last couple years, but, I mean, 100 healthy.
This is the player everybody was expecting when he got drafted.
He actually had two today, Woods.
He got the empty net of two.
14 goals, 31 assists, 45 points in 34 games.
He had two and two today?
Yeah, two and two.
All four goals he was a factor in.
And he's tied for fifth in scoring with good draw right now.
So, he's certainly going to have an MVP case at the end of the year,
no doubt about that.
Whether he wins it or not remains to be seen, though.
And this game isn't over yet, but it's 3-3 right now
at the beginning of the third period, Lightning and Jets.
That's a heavyweight bout going on in the NHL on Sunday night.
Hey, if that's the finals, we're ripping up one of those cities, boys.
Absolutely.
Well, boys, I don't really have much else to cover.
What do you guys got?
Oh, my God, dude. absolutely well boys i don't really have much else to cover what do you guys got um oh my god dude this lady on the train on the way home sitting next to me on the excella okay so busy have you
ever been on the excella train never like the seats are nice like it's not bad but you know
obviously i wasn't feeling great sitting next to me basically if you have like to use the table
it's on the seat in front of you kind of have
to pull it up and then it goes out and is like right and sitting in front of you.
It's different than like a plane where it doesn't fall down.
You actually pull it up from like in the seat and then stretch it in front of you.
So instead of doing that, this woman had her iPad.
Okay.
And she was balancing it on the table, but like not with it pulled out.
She was just balancing on the part that was on the seat in front of her.
So it kept falling.
iPad, falling.
She'd put it back up, fall.
Put it back up, three minutes later, fall.
I was like, hey, you can pull that out, and it's a table,
and your iPad won't keep falling.
She's like, why don't you let me watch my iPad the way I want to watch it?
And I was like, are you kidding me?
By the way, do you guys remember my voice that day?
Do you remember my voice?
I was like,
hey, you know, you can pull that over
to the table. You can put your iPad.
Then she said it to me. I was like,
I was just trying to help you. I don't want to keep
watching your iPad drop.
For Christ's sake. She was like shaking
her head. And then the person on like the other side,
once they heard my voice,
they were like,
what the fuck with this kid?
She was seeing this lady though.
iPad on the ground,
rebalance it.
Two minutes later,
fall on the ground.
She'd have to restart her show
because when it fell,
like fast forward 30 minutes,
she was watching Lost too.
I was like,
is this the 2001 Acceleride?
I had a fucking sardine can today.
Hey, I got a question.
How many more times did it fall down after you said that?
She ended up pulling it out, dude, later.
She ended up pulling it out later and actually doing what I told her to do.
She was just such a miserable donkey at the beginning.
She didn't want to take my advice.
Probably because I sounded like a joke.
And you said donkey referring to anyone that would have done that
not just a woman so those who want to go all
fucking feminist on us don't
donkey a man or a woman I'm not donkey
shaming certain sex
actually I took the train
on today shout out to the chicklets fan
there were three people there was an extra
seat there okay nice song guys good episode
fuck you
alright everybody have a good week boys Okay, nice song, guys. Good episode. Fuck you.
All right, everybody. Have a good week.
Boys.
Are we not going to listen to the story?
He X'd out. You know what?
Keep rolling. I'm going to listen to it, R.A.
I'm going to listen to your story.
The train was packed.
Let's put this in context that Witt literally hung up,
got off the call when R.A. went to tell his story.
So personally, what's your story, R.A.?
Yeah, I mean, it was just really a shout-out to a guy who listens to the show
that was, you know, random fucking one seat here, one seat there,
and there were three people.
You know what a four-seat is?
There were three people together, and I said,
is anyone sitting there?
And the kid's like, you know, he kind of looked at me.
He says, no, no one's there.
And he sat down, and he goes, R.A.? I was like was like yeah he was like he's like oh dude i love the podcast i'm like
he goes what you're right he i guess he recognized you from instagram whatever so of all the fucking
random people on the train that happen to sit next to a chip it's listener which is pretty random you
know what i mean why is that happening just a quick tire pump yeah it never hurts yeah actually
biz i went to another show uh saturday night i went to
that king kong show on broadway i'm a big guy dude i had no idea i'm a big king kong guy i had
no idea about the show dude it was a 20 foot high one ton animatronic puppet like that's what king
kong was like a huge it was on the stage and it was fucking insane like actually in the movie king
kong they bring him to a stage in new york that's what it was like it was like fucking crazy trippy this giant
fucking ape man and all the puppeteers they're all like swinging and diving like through the
motions and shit did you smoke a lot of dope before you went in yeah just a couple whacks
of the oney you know i mean just kind of strong overall out overall out of 10 what would you have
given it the king kong pot was a 10 The rest of the show was probably a 4.
Yeah, there was not too much memorable about the rest of the show,
but the King Kong stuff was incredible, especially I had no idea.
And then you ran into Chris Rock?
Actually, that was the first show.
I went to a matinee, Mike Birbiglia.
He's a comedian, actor, writer.
He had a one-man show.
It's kind of like a stand-up set, too, but basically it was a Broadway show. And I got a front row seat to that on my way in. I looked,
I said, hey, how are you doing to some guy? I made eye contact with, and I was like,
fuck, was that Chris Rock? So I was going in the thing and he happened to be going in the same time
and I was debating, asking for a picture. I know, you don't want to be that guy. And then
all of a sudden if he snubs you, you feel like shit the rest of the night.
Yeah, so I was kind of waffling.
And then I'm like, he wasn't with his kids.
And there was no one who was going to see us because it was in a kind of quiet area.
So I'm like, fuck it.
I'm like, if I don't, I'll be pissed at myself. Because he's legit one of my favorite comedians ever.
I've seen him a couple of times.
And I go, hey, Chris, can I buy you a quick picture?
I hate doing it.
He's like, yeah, man, no problem.
I was like, he was cool about it.
You know what I mean?
So nice little something that happened in New York. It's funny. I wouldn't have
actually been able to go to the show if it wasn't for SeatGeek, man. They hooked me up once again.
You know, everybody knows that buying tickets can be complicated, can be confusing in this day and
age, but there is a simple way to buy tickets. And that's with SeatGeek. SeatGeek is the smartest,
easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event. Whether you're catching your favorite
musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift, or searching for a last
minute deal to see your favorite NHL team. Seat Geek helps you find the best seats at the best
prices, fully guaranteed. Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and Seat Geek will get you closer to the action for a great value. I've had the app on my phone
for over a year now, and it's by far the easiest way I use
to shop the tickets. I can be anywhere with just a few taps. I can instantly find seats. Like I said,
I went to Mike Birbiglia's show the other day on Broadway. Fantastic. I got front row, dead center
using SeatGeek. Unbelievable. And got a great price on it as well. SeatGeek's designed to make
your ticket buying experience easier than ever. They shop a bunch of different sites. You tell
them about what you want to spend,
and they tell you what kind of seats they have.
Simple, and everything's guaranteed.
You're not going to get swindled by some scalp row front.
The tickets are legit all the time.
So make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right here, right now, right from your phone.
Hey, guys, real quick before we wrap up, a little girl named Carly Silva,
a 12-year-old from Weymouth, Massachusetts.
She's a hockey player.
She just got diagnosed with cancer,
and she's going to be going through a rough time the next two years,
but she'd like some Christmas cards sent to her.
So if you guys, if some of our listeners out there could send some Christmas
cards to Carly Silva, you can send them to 6 North, Room 630,
Boston Children's Hospital, 300 Longwood Avenue in Boston, Mass, 02115.
We also put out an Instagram post with all that information.
But, you know, it would really make Carly Silva's Christmas.
Oh, man.
During the holidays, too.
They're all, you know, just pass the time by reading all the lovely letters and shit.
That's awesome.
And it's such a simple, easy gesture.
You know, on your way home from work, stop by, get a card, put it in the mailbox.
It's very easy, and it would make her day,
and it would certainly make our day as well.
Can we send her some merch?
You know what?
Yeah, we will try and send her some merch.
Yeah, well, let's just do it.
Yeah, we should.
Actually, I know her dad pretty well.
He's an old pal of mine, so if you can send a card,
that would be quite a thing to do, so please do.
All right, awesome. Great pod, that would be quite a thing to do. So please do. All right. Awesome.
Great pod, guys.
Love all you fans out there.
Looking forward to dropping that Vegas Golden Knights interview
and all that other content.
We didn't even talk about the Hayes interview and podcast that we banked live.
And, of course, we did a little tour of his apartment, NYC.
So we got a lot of fun stuff coming at you that we got in NYC.
And once again, love our listeners and hope you enjoy the pod.
Don't worry about a thing
Cause every little thing's gonna be alright
Sayin' don't worry about a thing.
Because every little thing is going to be all right.
