Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 135 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's go to Ryan Whitney first. Where are you tonight, buddy? You're not in Boston.
No, I'm down in Orlando.
Oh, Florida, man.
Yeah, I'm down in Orlando, Florida. I had a...
Introduce everyone else, I can explain where I'm at if you want to go back to that.
Sure thing. Let's go to our producer down...
Sometimes I get ahead of myself.
Our producer down at NYC, Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, brother?
What's up, boys?
Almost time to go back to Boston for the holidays.
Can't wait to get out of this disgusting city.
But, yeah, what's going on, boys?
Dude, you like it there.
What are you talking about?
I love it, but I like Boston a lot more.
Really?
Yeah.
Are you kidding me?
I thought you were kind of turning into a New York guy, to be honest with you.
Well, when I have biz buying tables at Marquis for me, I'm having... Yeah, how about that? Are you kidding me? Follow through. I thought you were kind of turning into a New York guy, to be honest with you. Ooh.
Well, when I have biz buying tables at Marquis for me, I'm having a fun time. Yeah, how about that?
We better talk about that.
Yeah, we got roasted by Marquis.
No, actually, it was just like a posted transaction,
but it ended up retracting, so I didn't get ripped off with it.
Did mine retract?
No, that was the right number.
Mine was the same number as yours.
We went 50-50 on that.
We treated the young bucks from Barstool.
Those kids work hard, man.
It's about time someone does something for them around there.
And there's our last member of the squad, Paul Bissonnette.
What's up, brother?
New pad you got, huh?
Looking good on the camera here.
Yeah, I got a new apartment, little thing, you know, just turnkey.
Just keeps me happy.
I'm a simple guy.
Turnkey.
What's that mean?
It means like if I'm gone for three months, you just turn the key and you're done.
You don't got to worry about the lawn.
You don't got to worry about any bullshit.
Nice little turnkey.
All right, nice.
All right, we're going to actually start off with you, Biz, man.
Last week we were down in New York.
You recorded a podcast with the Call Her Daddy girls.
There was a lot of anticipation about it, giving you a horny record.
And, well, their horny show we thought was going to be some fireworks.
But they were on the radio with Dave.
It was a Tuesday on Boston Radio.
And basically they didn't feel, I guess, you measured up.
They thought you were too reserved, too quiet.
They basically banked your interview.
They said they might release it for a bonus episode.
Are you surprised at that?
What's going on with that, man?
Yeah, not really offended in the least.
I mean, I went in there, and I was just, you know, I was very honest.
I was very elaborate about my replies.
Grinnell was there.
He heard the interview. I thought it was hilarious. I thought it was funny. I thought you elaborate about my replies. Grinnell was there. He heard the interview.
I thought it was hilarious. I thought it was funny.
I thought you didn't hold anything back.
No, I didn't really hold anything back. They asked me
to show them my dick as soon as I walked
in the place. Like, okay, I'm not showing you my dick.
It's a no-win situation
for me. One, you know I'm a grower, not a
shower. We all know that. I've said that
multiple times on this show.
And then, of course that you
know big chunk of foreskin on the end it's not going to be aesthetically pleasing it's probably
not going to look good on camera either i imagine i mean although they say the camera does add 10
pounds so i could use all the help i could get uh but yeah i mean i told the house in a return
story i we talked about you know some beefy curtains on girls that was one of the topics
and i said i don't discriminate i don't care if it looks like the hot dog bun, you know, some beefy curtains on girls. That was one of the topics. And I said, I don't discriminate.
I don't care if it looks like the hot dog bun or, you know,
big flappy roast beef, as long as it's a, it doesn't smell like a,
it smelled like fish. Uh, they asked me my kill count number. Like, come on,
I don't need to get called in by the coyotes. Cause you know, they're saying,
Hey, why'd you tell everyone you have over 500 kills on collar daddy podcast?
Not a big deal. Uh, but yeah, yeah, all in all, I was just very
Put the labia talks.
Alex Ovechkin fucking tucking left and right and all that.
Yeah, no, I don't know.
You tell them, Grinnell.
What do you think?
I thought the interview went great.
I think  I mean, they were asking you about, like, past girlfriends
and if you've cheated on past girlfriends.
So they just ask you questions like you're not going to answer.
And I think they came in so hot asking to see your dick.
I think that's what  it kind of threw off the whole vibe.
And we were rushed.
We were rushed because we had to do another podcast.
But I want to know who's going to pay me the 20 for Ubering down there.
I bought an Uber down there, 20.
Who's going to pay me? Well, I want to know who's going to pay me the 20 bucks for Uber and down there. I want Uber down there. 20 bucks. Who's going to pay me?
Well, I want to know that day.
Didn't they ask you to go on the podcast?
And we had to travel all the way downtown.
Yeah. And then you made me wait. You made me wait.
I was stuck outside. You told me you'd be there in five minutes.
I waited like 45 minutes. Cause you guys weren't back when you,
because of these girls and they're saying that you didn't tell enough stories? Are they serious? What do they want?
By the way, these girls have decided that the rest of their lives will be affected by this.
The way they talk about this shit, some people love it. Dave tells me it's a monster. That's
unreal for the company, unreal for
these girls, but they've decided
to live their life and talk about
stuff that 99.9
of people don't really feel like talking
about. That's why they're successful, but it's also
like, hey, when you have kids someday,
if you do, your kid's going to hear
you talking about how you were gluck-glucking
some dude's fucking wrench.
Don't expect Fizz to go on there and, like, give all of this.
Like, what do you have to gain out of telling  like, you told some pretty good stories, I thought, from what you told me,
and they still  they wanted more.
They got to interview Dennis Rodman or something then.
You can't be
Well, that's what I  that's what Grinnell said.
He goes, what more will a professional athlete give them?
I mean, I know I'm not playing anymore.
The high-had one.
What person would go on there and tell stories?
I mean, yeah, Dennis Rodman would be one.
I mean, Christ, even people who go on Howard Stern,
they talk casually about sex, but not in full detail about getting married.
I feel like UFC fighters will come and talk about their fucking.
Listen, I'm not offended.
If anything, it saves me a trip to the Coyote's office and getting pee-pee whack.
So I think that's enough about that.
We can just move on to some hockey talk.
Yeah, I think they just...
People are disgusted right now.
I think they're just probably comparing it to their other guest, Paul.
Because in business, I mean, there is a market for it.
I mean, people do love graphic sex talk,
especially if it's a couple of hot girls talking about it.
Oh, 100. But I'm saying the rest of their lives now are i mean they're they're
always known as these two girls like i'd agree with where that's a tough that's a tough decision
to make once you make it yeah you're in it's it's not to the extent of doing porn but if you do
it's there forever like i'd say that girl's a porn star. All right, let's go to hockey.
Let's go to hockey.
Let's go to hockey.
And as we last talked about on Monday's show,
we were pretty much speculating that Haxtell would be canned.
Dave Haxtell would be canned as coach of the Flyers,
and he certainly was.
It happened Monday.
He became the fifth coach fired already this year.
I mean, the Flyers, we always talk about them with goalies,
but they go through a lot of coaches, too.
It's funny.
DeHackstall, he didn't even last three and a half seasons,
and he was still the third longest tenured coach in Flyers history.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know.
It stunned me, too.
That guy was the  wow.
Yeah.
Only Fred Shiro and Mike Keenan had more games as a Flyers coach in history.
Where was LaViolette?
He was just behind Haxtall.
He was not too far behind, but, yeah, what's his name?
Haxtall had more than Lavi.
Taking a look here.
He didn't win a round in two Stanley Cup playoff appearances.
Flyers, man, I mean, they were a disaster.
They had that disastrous road trip, and they got rid of him.
They did promote AHL Lehigh Valley Phantoms coach
and former BC Netminder Scott Gordon to the interim coach,
and they're going to see how he goes.
Obviously, they haven't reached out to Q yet,
so I don't know if they're going to give Gordon a little training ride for this.
What do you guys think of the move here?
Well, we saw it coming.
I just think that, well, first of all, I can't get over that stat. What do you guys think of the move here? Well, we saw it coming.
I just think that  well, first of all, I can't get over that stat.
That's amazing to me.
Talk about going through coaches.
But I think that this team, I just expected a lot from them this year.
I thought they'd be  I mean, maybe now they can turn it around.
I don't know if it's just the coach.
It seems like guys totally tuned him out, though.
Once you start hearing kind of rumors through the grapevine almost that guys have just pretty much stopped giving a fuck what he says,
I mean, that happens, right?
It's in one ear, out the other.
The systems he wants to play, you don't feel like playing him.
It's just guys kind of shut the mill on a coach, and that happened.
I mean, there's no doubt about it.
But still, I mean, they haven't got consistent play from their best players
and their goaltending.
Hart's there now, boys.
We can talk about that.
But, I mean, you're not surprised by the firing, no?
No.
And I like the interim coach title.
I think that they're going to probably make a big stab at a few of the coaches that don't have jobs right now this offseason.
I mean, that stat is insane.
And the type of guy you would need in order to have an impact
on that organization would be a Quinville type.
There was obviously a rumor that was floating around
that he was talking to them.
That's not true.
But holy shit, man.
Three and a half seasons is the third longest tenure coach
for an organization that has the history like that.
That is a tough stat.
Also, when you say the history of the Flyers,
I mean, when was their last cup?
75?
Yeah.
I mean, it's not the greatest.
Well, no, what I'm saying is that's like one of the original teams
in the league.
It's still crazy.
They've been around a long time.
And for a coach to have a coaching job for three and a half years and then be third on the list, to me, that's still crazy. They've been around a long time. For a coach to have a coaching job for three and a half years
and then be third on the list, to me, that's banana land.
I was floored by that stat, R.A.
As far as that young goalie, for an organization that's seen quite a bit
of failure, especially with some more expectations and recent memory,
I hope they find their goalie.
And this kid's a young stud.
I hope he gets the job done for them.
That video after the game when he saw his parents,
did you want to talk about that, R.A.?
Yeah, I just wanted to kind of add a few other things with Fax.
We'll take it down.
Yeah, I did have a quote from the GM, Fletcher.
He said, quote, my expectation is that Scott Gordon will be the head coach
for the rest of the year.
I'm going to begin a process to identify what I think the qualities of the next
head coach of the Flyers needs. In all honesty, I'm not sure how long that will take until I know
what I'm looking for. I can't find it, end quote. Another couple, by the way, with your answer,
Laviolette coached five fewer games than Haxtell, so it was close, but Haxtell still had him beat.
And this is another interesting thing. Only three guys were at the job longer than Haxtell was in the league. John Cooper, Paul Maurice, and Peter Laviolette.
So he was the fourth longest tenured coach in the league. But then another stat that just
jumps off the page at you. The flyest save percentage over the last three seasons is just
eight, nine, seven, second worst in the league. So, you know, how's a coach supposed to win
when you're getting that kind of goaltending, man?
I don't think he was put in the best position to win,
but, yeah, the team obviously had tuned him out by this point.
And, yeah, like I said, fifth coach of the year to be fired so far.
So, yeah, to get the car to hot, there was the video after the game.
He had 20 saves on 22 shots.
Stuff that was during the game, he showed his mother, you know,
tearing up when he made his first save.
It was actually his billet grandfather.
He called it his billet grandfather, the guy who was his billet.
Looked like an older fellow.
People thought it was his grandfather.
It was actually his billet.
They say his father can't watch the games.
He actually has to walk around the arena because, you know,
he gets too nervous.
So there was a nice clip after the game of him and his mom talking.
I hope you guys caught that.
What did you think of that?
Did you happen to see it, Wits?
I did.
I did.
That's great.
Carter Hart's the only two-time, I think, CHL goaltender of the year.
He's the only guy that's won it twice.
So, I mean, this is like they need this guy to hit.
Philly needs this guy to be
No pressure.
No pressure, Carter.
Don't worry about it.
They only throw batteries at Santa Claus.
But listen, do they need him to be like a Carey Price,
like a high draft pick stud in net?
Carey Price has high expectations,
but that's what they're going to have for you in Philly.
That's what they're going to have for you in dirtbag land.
That's what they're going to expect is you to just save all these pucks
and be really stoic in net too.
I mean, you know who they've dealt with?
Roman Cechmonic.
You remember Roman Cechmonic?
Oh, yeah.
Was he on the Flyers?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Who else was on the Flyers?
Who was the other guy?
Briz was on the Flyers.
He didn't do anything there.
Still getting paid.
They've had nothing.
I think Briz lasted like 100 games.
Yeah, I know.
He got paid bank.
Bank, yeah.
Quick funny story here.
Sean Burke, he was our goalie coach for Briz Golov when I was in Phoenix.
Awesome guy.
Funny.
And we actually had a conversation about how ruthless it was.
And he said he loved the pressure of playing in Philly.
And he said the fans are so ridiculous there. He said one loved the pressure of playing in Philly. He said the fans
are so ridiculous there. He said one game
after they won 2-1, he was going out to
his car and a
Flyers guy in a Flyers jersey yelled out,
Berkey, you fucking suck!
He looks up and he's like,
Jesus Christ, dude. He goes, we just won
2-1. I let him win one goal. He goes, yeah, but
that goal you let in was shit.
He looked up and he raised his arms. He's like yeah, but that goal you let in was shit. He looked
up and he raised his arms. He's like, what the
fuck? What do these people want me to do here?
I thought it was a funny
story, especially the way he told it. Maybe
it wasn't good secondhand, but that's how
ruthless Flyers fans are.
They need a goaltender like a
fucking prayer, man.
Imagine,
I know Booze is involved many many times especially in
philly but imagine yelling to like a guy who just played in the game you you were at like you suck
like what what kind of person are you he waited he waited an hour for him after the game to say
it to him and it's and it's like not like i would see i would understand if it was a like a penguin
player leaving but it's your own player and you're a fan of the team
and you still want to just in his face be like, you suck.
Like, that's so crazy to me.
Like, I just, growing up with my dad, we'd go to NHL games
and he'd leave and he'd be like, those guys are all amazing players.
Like, I would be like, that guy's brutal.
He's like, he's not brutal.
He's in the National Hockey League.
And they got other guys with their kids like,
oh, let's go tell Jeff Carter he blows.
I mean, I would have a hard time caring about a sporting event
unless I was betting the type of money R.A. is betting on games.
And maybe then I would hold a grudge to wait to fuck you,
the quarterback, for like an hour after the game.
And I would probably have to lose like, I would say 10K minimum to wait around for an hour to tell him he sucked.
Yeah, it's a pretty ballsy thing to go up to,
especially a professional athlete telling him he sucked.
I mean, like you said,
which you probably should face half on the rap to have the balls to go after a
guy like that.
But something I've never done, as much of a big mouth as I had,
I would never yell at a fucking guy.
And also one other note on Carter.
He's the sixth goalie before Christmas.
That's only happened one other time where a team's had to go
use six goalies before Christmas.
And Haxtell is the 11th coach fired since the end of last regular season.
So, been a lot of carnage for coaches out there.
Also, a little later, we are going to bring on Cam Jansen,
former tough guy forward for the Devils and Blues.
Last played in the NHL in 2014.
What's up, Whit?
It's a phenomenal interview.
Actually, we go in-depth to a lot of things,
but the only reason we're mentioning it before is people have mentioned,
you know, the swearing to us.
I've tried to be better at it.
I don't think it'll ever be great because this is how I kind of grew up
talking, I guess, in locker rooms, unfortunately.
But Cam Jansen might break the record for F-bombs and swears
in a 40-minute interview.
So some people, I mean, I don't know,
if you have it on with your kids or something,
you can say, hey, listen, there's some man talk or adult talk going on.
But I just want to let everyone know that he went off the rails
a little bit with the swearing.
But he knows it's an issue, he said.
If there was a fuck bracket challenge,
him and Tutu would be in the finals.
And I don't know.
I think we might need the spit and chiclets memes account
to do a fuck count for us.
Like Goodfellas versus Casino between those two.
Now, I'll say this.
Tutu had very laid back fucks.
I felt like Janssen's were like,
holy shit, is this guy about to step in an octagon? Fuck. This guy was very intense.
I loved it. You could tell he's got so much passion when he talks. He's been through a lot.
A guy I actually fought a few times and I'm excited for you guys to hear the interview.
Let's send it off right now. Enjoy. Cam Jansen. Today's interview is brought to you by
DHM Detox Hangover Pills. The guys at DHM Detox created a convenient natural supplement to help
you avoid that shitty hangover the next morning after a night of drinks. Wake up feeling fresh
with no brain fog, no anxiety, and no nausea. Two capsules after your first few drinks and a glass
of water and the rest of your
night is set. DHM Detox gives your body exactly what it needs to break down and flush out toxins,
protect your liver and help replenish vitamins and electrolytes. New Year's Eve is coming quick,
so make sure you're covered for the big night. DHM Detox is throwing 20 off your way. Just go to dhmdetox.com and use promo code biz20. That's d-h-m-d-e-t-o-x.com.
Also, free shipping if you buy more than a couple boxes. Go to their website. Also,
follow them on Instagram at dhmdetox, and they will answer all the questions you need to be
answered. I want to introduce first-time guest to the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
He's from St. Louis, Missouri.
Big, big St. Louis, Missouri rush coming to the NHL.
This guy started it all.
And he was drafted in the fourth round of the 2002 NHL entry draft
by the New Jersey Devils.
He ended up carving out a pretty, pretty nice career
for being a mutant on the ice.
336 NHL games.
He ended up scoring six goals,
probably the ugliest goals you've ever seen in your entire life.
Welcome to the podcast, Cam Jansen.
Oh, fuck you.
I love it.
No, they were fucking brutal.
I scored one. I didn't even have a fucking stick in my hand. I love it. No, they were fucking brutal.
I scored one.
I didn't even have a fucking stick in my hand.
I'm embarrassing.
How'd that one go in?
I just crashed the net and bulldozed somebody,
and then I did the Hulkamania afterwards for a celebration.
No stick in hand.
I'm pathetic.
Hey, so Clayton Keller was the one who told me,
he's like, you got to get Cam on.
I'm like, oh, of course, for sure.
He'd be an unbelievable guest.
And I mentioned that rush of players coming out through St. Louis.
Are you hanging around with these guys all the time, helping them out? Please tell me, no, these guys will be done.
No, exactly.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm giving them a bunch of pro tips and a bunch of stick handling tips as well.
No, you know what? I see these kids all the time, and there's so many kids coming through St. Louis now.
And it's actually really cool to see that.
But a lot of it has to do, honestly, with a lot of these NHL guys sticking around.
A bunch, you know, Keith Kachok and Battles McCray, all these guys that stuck around and kind of, you know,
helped out with the youth movement through this.
But man, oh man, all these kids are fucking sprouting up everywhere and they're all dirty as shit and uh i try to give
them advice but they fucking shake me off like i'm some dipshit so it is pretty cool but we're
all good buddies and uh man oh man st louis is looking pretty fucking good with the uh hockey uh
realm of things unbelievable and you mentioned keith kach mean, he's, he's batting a thousand. I'd think I'd let him dump one of my old lady.
No shit. Hey, like it's fucking right.
And then, and then she looks at him and she's like, hell no. I don't care.
What does jeans look like? But no, Walt,
he's a big contributor contributor in this, in this whole thing. And fuck,
he was one of my favorite teammates, man.
He was so damn funny and cool and he kept the locker room lively and i think i mean the way he looked
at the end of his career you're like holy shit how do you go out there and do that but i had a
fucking blast with him and again all these guys sticking around doing their thing helping these
guys out showing them the path and uh man they're sprouting up like uh like crazy around here
showing them the path and man, they're sprouting up like,
like crazy around there.
All right. So, so Janie it's funny you bring up big Walt because it was pretty entertaining for us and just overall like thrilling because as an American kid,
like he's one of the guys, you're, you know,
you're my age that we looked up to.
He was like the best player from America or one of them.
So getting to talk to a guy like that is just great.
And I want to know because everyone knows the great stuff about him,
but that one year when you came back, was it lockout and he was, like, enormous?
They suspended him or something?
Was he just ridiculous?
What was that like?
You must have been like, oh, fuck Walt.
Oh, fuck.
Well, here's the thing.
I wasn't playing with the Blues at the time,
but the Blues were letting me skate with them in practice.
So I came out and I was the only,
one of the only other guys.
And now there's a ton of guys that go out and skate with the,
with the blues.
The blues have all the guys,
the local kids come out and skate with Petro,
Petrangelo and all the boys throughout the summer.
But I was one of the first ones that they let come through.
Cause I just came out of nowhere and also I'm playing for the devils.
And I needed some competition.
I needed some, some more of a skate I'm playing for the Devils and I needed some competition. I needed some
more of a skate with
somebody.
And so the Blues let us come out there
and that was one of the years where he came
in fucking 50 pounds overweight
and did his shit. And the thing is,
he could have fucking still gone
out there and scored fucking 30.
50 pounds overweight. I know.
He just did his shit and he
just has that knack in front of the net where you just get the sticks on pucks but as a fucking
teammate he was one of the best i remember my mom and dad i i bought a trip for them to come on the
plane and and right off the bat my caruso works with luce who uh told him to sit i'm sitting front
and i'm like okay so i go back and, you know,
play with the boys in the back of the plane,
play some cards, and Walt goes right up there,
grabs my mom and dad, goes,
get your fucking asses back here,
sits down, hangs out with all the guys,
had some beers, did his thing.
Walt was one of the absolute coolest guys, man.
I had such a blast with that man.
And a fucking freak, too.
Oh, my God.
Fuck, that's an unbelievable story story how he brought your old man
your your mom back there and just got him probably probably blitzed because oh yeah there's probably
drink 12 years like oh that's just like an appetizer oh he crushes it dude and i'll tell you
this we i'd go back there and you know this guy friend when i was young i would donate money to
hang out with the older guys.
So in the back of the plane, in the back of the bus, I wanted to hang out with the older guys, right?
So therefore, you got to fucking play cards.
I didn't know shit about cards.
Oh, and what about your shark machine?
Oh, that motherfucker.
And he'd go in with a 2-7 offsuit, all in, like, what the fuck do you got?
You know, I got 8th King suit,. I'm like, okay, I'm doing pretty
good. He's got two eight
off suit. He goes in
all in. You're like, fuck, I'll
go all in. All of a sudden,
he pops up a couple twos
and a couple eights. I'm like, oh, fucking Christ.
He takes all your money, and he'll blue light
you and hook you up back because
he just wanted you to come out and hang out, man.
Again, what a cool cat he is.
Yeah, he was the guy that it's impossible to play poker with him because no pots.
I mean, there's  like, the money doesn't even matter, so he just calls everything.
It doesn't matter.
By the time he pushes the chips in the middle, he's already made it back.
I know.
No shit.
And he knew that, too, so he tortured us.
So, all right, we want to get into a little bit of your career here.
We just  we're big time like HockeyDB, you know, that elite prospects.
We just go through the years.
We kind of figure out where you came from.
And I look at the one year, you're 16 years old.
You hop into the North American Hockey League.
I don't know if that was the time when the Texas Tornado were in that league,
which was a complete nightmare.
Okay, so 244 pims, 16 years old.
How did you decide or realize then,
like, I'm going to fight people for pretty much a living?
Well, I was a fucking maniac growing up, and I came out of Eureka, Missouri.
No one from St. Louis made the NHL.
Look, we didn't know fuck about hockey.
We didn't know shit.
But you know what we did?
We loved the blues.
My parents, my family, the whole family, we just were obsessed with the blues.
And I'm like, okay, let's get into this sport.
Knowing nothing.
So I got knowing fuck, man.
Knowing fuck.
That's awesome.
And then we get into it and we're like, yeah, it's great.
And we played roller hockey so how i started like if i wanted to skate on ponds in st louis as a kid
i'm probably gonna die because i'm gonna fucking fall through and i'm gonna drown and this is what
it is because you know it's 70 it's fucking 75 degrees right now here so the weather changes so
much so i played roller hockey and i have all my buddies come over, my brother's older buddies, and we'd kick the shit out of each other and check each other and
get snap ties in the basement made of concrete. And we'd just rollerblade and work on our game
down there. So that's kind of how I got started. And again, it wasn't because we're like, there
was an NHL network. I didn't see your beautiful face on there with or anything like that as a
fucking kid. So I knew the blues and the blues only.
And the only way I knew other hockey stars were through hockey cards.
And I collect hockey cards and shit like that.
But that's kind of how I get into it, man.
I just love watching Holly and Chaser go out there and do it.
And I just remember looking at, yeah, Chase, I'll fucking give him a shout out.
But I remember looking at, you know, watching TV,
and I'd be in another room, and my dad's like,
here's a fight, and I'd run in 100 miles an hour,
and you watch Twister and Chaser beat the shit out of people,
Darren Kimball, those kind of guys.
And I'm like, yeah, yeah, I want to be him.
And however that helped and however that worked,
we just found ways to play.
And it cost my parents out the ass,
but boy, oh boy boy what a ride it was
jenny the first memory i have of you when i was playing in saginaw
and i kept it was it was like hearing about the boogeyman he's like oh you're going into
windsor the old barn everybody over topia oh no and they got jansen and i was like jansen
what the fuck is that they're like, it's the boogeyman.
And we didn't really have a tough guy back then.
And thankfully,
somebody else ended up scrapping you.
But his first couple shifts against me,
he would line up and he'd start barking at me.
Oh,
yeah.
I remember you barking at me too.
I'm like,
why is this guy barking at me?
Get away from me.
I'm a psycho.
No,
fuck you, bitch. No, no, wait, wait, wait no no wait wait wait i'll tell the fucking story i remember crushing guys throughout that league i came in there at 17 that first kid ever to play
in the ohl from i didn't know what the fuck i was doing i remember you know going going through
triple a going up to these tournaments and you know all, I'll start it this way. I finally made AAA growing up, right?
And we were so bad to where the teams wouldn't come down to St. Louis
to play us, so we'd always have to go up there, these big tournaments.
You know, we'd play CompuWear and fucking Leicesters and fucking Beltire.
Everyone's got matching equipment and hockey bags,
and their parents are paying 60K000 a year and they're driving.
Yeah, and they're all jets out.
Yeah, hey guys, I'm sitting right here.
Oh shit, sorry.
They're all fucking, no,
they're professionals even at that age.
And we'd go up there and we'd get
smoked, but
I would get noticed.
I was wild as a kid and
I crushed guys. I mean, honestly, and so we go up to these tournaments. I mean, I was wild as a kid, and I crushed guys.
I mean, honestly.
And so we'd go up to these tournaments.
I remember a couple times my dad would drive us,
and everybody would always hop on board with my dad,
and we had a big band because everybody wanted to be around him
because he was the coolest guy in the world.
And, you know, you can do whatever the fuck you want.
My parents are so fucking lenient.
And so we'd go up to these tournaments, and I remember 12-hour trips up there.
It cost us out
the ass my parents weren't making much money so i'm a fucking i'm an anchor to the family at this
point because you don't know what the fuck we just didn't know we had no guidance so i'm going up
these tournaments i remember being big marley tournament and a coach would come in don moore
house was awesome and you look at me like you're the one getting us started tonight i'm like okay
fuck right all right i got you first shift go out there after a 12 hour trip 12 hour fucking trip i'd go out there first
shipped bury some poor soul against the boards yep you're kicked out of the whole tournament
okay turn around drive all the fuck back home i mean that kind of shit went down and it just
it broke my fucking parents man but it honestly did but then somebody
in favor of mike murphy oh well no shit but we didn't know we were like oh this is the path we
had no idea so mike murphy calls a guy in windsor and said you gotta take a look at this kid you
know he's a tough kid the eureka kid whatever the case is and so windsor took a chance on me and uh
and drafted me and i got drafted there but leaning
back into the story biz and I didn't forget I was crushing guys in the O beating the fuck out in the
king dick you know walking around like yeah the OHL champ like yeah yeah and I remember going to
Saginaw and Saginaw wasn't very nice you guys didn't have a lot of fans you were I believe the
captain of the team biz you're playing defense and I'm crushing guys and I fight you and you fucking dummy me. And I remember looking up like, what the fuck just happened
here? You beat the fuck out of me. And then I fight you again down throughout the line and you
beat the shit out of me three more times. I could never get going on you. I don't know what the
fuck it was. You strung me out like a motherfucker and I just couldn't get going. I hated fighting your ass and you were one of my first embarrassments
throughout my OHL career.
So thank you very much.
Hey,
listen though.
I think the first time,
uh,
or one of the first times we fought,
it was in Windsor.
And then,
uh,
we had the Sunderman on our team too.
And you strapped him,
but long story short,
with he,
this guy has his shirt off in the penalty box
just like he had a couple tattoos at the time and then josh gratton was on his team and he beat the
shit out of someone and then you guys were like the bash bros in the box look at each other's
faces and the crowd was loudest i've ever heard an ohl arena for these two guys, dummy and guys. I want to say you bambied me in that game, but whatever.
I appreciate your modest opinion.
No, you know, I loved it though.
Look, look, I didn't know.
I was trying to find myself, you know, you live in St. Louis,
not knowing about the OHL.
Yeah, I played in the North American Hockey League
and Rick Zombo at the time got fired.
You know, I don't know if you know Rick Zombo,
played in the NHL a long time, really smart guy. He was our coach at the time got fired. I don't know if you know Rick Zombo. He played in the NHL a long time.
Really smart guy.
He was our coach there.
He got fired.
So we went through a million different coaches that year,
and if he was there, he really would have elevated my game.
But, man, oh, man, like just finding ways to make it.
And I'll tell you this.
I didn't fight because I had to.
I did it because I absolutely loved it. I really did.
But going
through that whole thing, man, just fighting
and getting a kick out of these fans,
the fans in Windsor were
fucking nuts.
And I fed off of that. And you're in
that little world of yours, and you know
guys, played juniors or whatever.
Did you play juniors? I don't know if you played college or juniors.
You're from Boston, though. Did you play juniors? I was college, but I know exactly know if you played college or juniors you're from boston though what no juniors i was college but i know exactly what you're talking
about you oh you're a fancy lad okay no yeah in that little bubble you're a hero and we've never
that was the first time you're kind of a little celebrity i mean you're walking into bars
at 17 years old and back home my buddies are going to little high school parties like oh yeah
cool well i bring them up to fucking windsor and we're rolling through the back door in these little
bars and just fucking wheeling and dealing doing the fucky it just was a cool thing to do and i
fed off of that and goddamn windsor was such an unbelievable place to play and you're right biz
i did take my fucking shirt off in a pony box and I love flexing for the fans too you never had a
shirt on because tilt you'd always want to be
showing that chest off and you say
you just said that
you actually loved fighting and I wanted to
bring this up when I knew you were coming on tonight
I remember thinking this
guy is legitimately
loving every second of this fight
and you would do and I'm trying to imitate you right now.
You'd be like, yeah, you're strolling.
Like, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah.
You'd be laughing.
You'd be taking jabs.
You'd be pumping up the crowd with the other hand.
And I was like, holy shit.
Like, so you really did.
You enjoyed every second of that.
Yeah, I did, man.
Like, honestly, I did.
Like, the fucking nut bag like that explains the barking
yeah no shit and and i'll tell you this like if i didn't have hockey i don't i don't know
how i would be able to express myself you know what i mean like hockey like you could you could
express your personality on the ice well they're fucking fighting and going and like oh like to the fans like i just loved that i love the attention you know you love the
the attention from your teammates like no i got this guys no sit down sit down a bit i got this
i got that motherfucker let's do this like i love that or in the locker room when somebody's running
around like oh well guys no no no let me get this motherfucker i got him it just is an awesome feeling like you know like you're you're the man and and i i just i dug it and i fed off
of it and it worked jeez they're gonna put an anklet on you if you keep talking like that
much psycho you know that hey uh i want to talk about uh the last year last year in new jersey
you had a pretty crazy team there joggerager, Elias, Zajac.
I mean, you had some pretty fun guys on that team.
Klo, what was your time like in New Jersey?
Because everyone remembers you for your St. Louis days, really.
I'll tell you a story.
Lou Lamarillo is an unbelievable human being and that guy he the jersey drafted me
and i'm so glad that they did because that lou lamarillo kept me in line i was out of my fucking
mind and you guys you know you guys all been through this kind of thing i was out of my
fucking mind and that man helped me with my career like you cannot believe.
And I'll give you a little story on how I first got called up,
and this is fucking savage.
A little note from Whit there.
It's a savage move from the boys.
I remember playing.
I got sent down in my second year right after that 0-4 lockout,
which was a fucking gong show to say the least.
Remember that 0-4 lockout?
I don't know if you were playing.
Were you playing in the league then?
We just talked to Bonvey.
We just recently talked to McGratton.
And that year, every year it comes up, it's the complete Iron League.
Every team had a full-blown heavyweight.
It was medieval times, dinner and tournament.
It was a wild, wild west.
Fuck you.
We're fucking going.
Four guys on each team at least
so i get through that year fought 45 times with mcgrattan 45 45 fucking it was 40 to 45 to add
on you have to look that fucking thing were you fighting coachy when we'd play you guys
yeah yeah yeah oh yeah yeah it was yeah, yeah. We're fair.
Absolutely.
And he was a pretty tough guy.
He wasn't scary, but he was big, you know?
Yeah.
So I'll tell you a story on how I got called up because of my kick out of this.
So that next year, they had Langdon and Oli Wall.
They sent them down.
And I remember being in the back of the bus coming down. It's a month into the season, that 05 season, right?
So I'm in the back of the bus playing cards with the boys.
All of a sudden, my phone goes missing.
I'm like, oh, that's interesting.
What the fuck is that?
And then all of a sudden, oh, it reappears right next to me.
I'm like, oh, okay.
Didn't think anything of it.
Probably lost about fucking 500 bucks on that road trip, but whatever.
So the next night, we're playing Springfield the night after that.
My parents are coming in town.
I'm playing pretty fucking good.
I'm hitting guys.
I'm doing what I got to do.
So the night before the Springfield game, I call one of my buddies.
I think it was Ryan Murphy at the time.
So I'm sitting there a night before a game.
I'm ready to rock and roll.
I'm ready to go out.
You know how it is.
I don't give a shit if it's the night before.
Like at that point, it just did not matter.
I'll suck it up the next day.
So I call Ryan Murphy.
And an old man answer the phone
so hello i go murphy what's up baby let's get going what we got dude let's wheel some
fucking bros he's like who's this i'm like murph shut the fuck up let's go put your fucking sunday
best on baby i'm ready to rock who the fuck is this i go this is. Who the fuck is this? I go, this is Cam.
Who the fuck is this?
This is Lou Lamarillo.
They switched his name, dude.
That happened to me, too.
Motherfuckers.
So I'm like, I'm in a panic mode.
I'm like, do I hang up?
No, he's got my fucking number.
He's got my phone.
I'm done.
I'm done.
Okay.
Okay, Cam.
Oh, God, what do you do? I'm like, okay, calm down. Calm down, Cam. You're okay. You're okay. number. I'm done. Oh God, what do you do?
Calm down, Cam.
You're okay.
Hey Lou, it's Cam.
I know it's fucking Cam.
Look, the guy stole my phone
and they changed the numbers out. He goes,
who the fuck did that?
I'm like, Pascal Riome?
I had no idea. I wasn't sure of the guys
but I knew Pascal. He played in the NHL a long time.
He fucking won a couple of the Devils.
I could blame it on him at the time.
So he's like, you fucking let me know.
I'm like, oh, Jesus Christ.
Anyway, we hung up.
I'm panic mode.
I go out the next game.
Had a sick game.
Got an assist.
I think I beat up Mitch Fritz, who was like 6'9", whatever the fuck.
So that night after the game, I'm sitting in the hotel with my mom and dad.
We're watching the Rangers Devils. They play back-to-back. So they play that night, and they's so that night after the game i'm sitting in the hotel with my mom and dad we're watching the rangers devils they go they play back to back so they play that night
and they play the next night and i'm sitting there with my dad and my mom and dad have no idea i just
fucked up just royally fucked everything up in the jansen household they have no idea i'm not
telling them so we're watching the game this ryan holweg's running around doing his thing i'm like
that little fuck my dad looks at me and goes you you're going to get called up. And I'm like, Oh God, if you only knew,
if you only fucking knew what the fuck I just did two nights ago, dad,
you have no fucking idea.
So just settle down and sit down and enjoy the game.
At 30 seconds later, I get a call from our, our coach, Robbie for torque.
Who's awesome. By the way, fucking awesome ass motherfucker
he calls me and goes, Cam, you're not playing
in the game tomorrow, and I'm like, oh fuck Robbie
what'd I do, what, what, man, what, what, what
he's like, shut the fuck up you idiot
and I go, he goes, you're not playing in the game
tomorrow, cause you just got called
up and you're playing against the New York Rangers
and I'm like, oh
fuck yeah, I fucking threw my phone
down, I grabbed my mom and dad.
I started making phone calls.
I got called up that day after all that fucking bullshit.
Drove right down to Massacre Gardens, played my first game in MSG,
got fucking hit by Darius Kasparov's first shift,
and pretty cool fucking lead into that story.
I thought I was getting sent down to fucking no man's land,
and all of a sudden I get called up and play against the Rangers and kind of
never look back after that.
Wow, that's a Hail Mary right there.
He could have fucking buried me.
Hey, that's an
all-time classic
get called up story.
That's the best one I've ever heard.
Yeah, it really is.
Mine quickly, I went
out for a Halloween party.
I got wrecked, and I slept till like 2.30 and had like 35 missed calls.
I think I missed my first plane to Pittsburgh.
That trumped that by seven miles.
Wow.
And then you kind of, I mean, when you got up there, dude, I mean,
you played what, 47 games that year?
Yeah.
You know, I went up there and just did it.
And the guys were great.
We had a fucking great team.
And I think we fired Claude Julien, which we're, like, number one in the league.
I think we had, like, a 10-game winning streak going on.
And I don't know why, but we fired Claude Julian
and then Lou took over.
I believe that was, or maybe
Larry Robinson, whatever the case was, but we had a great
team that year. Getting called up to the
bullet with a big club like that
was absolutely unbelievable.
We had superstars on that team. Obviously,
Marty, Jamie Langenbrunner,
Patrick Elias. That's when Gio
had 48.
Yeah, Gionta.
Sick year that year.
Yeah, he was sick that year.
So that was pretty good.
And, you know, went up there and did my thing.
And, again, Lou, he loves that raw toughness.
And he had a thing for me, man.
And, again, that guy, I don't know if you guys know him that well,
but he's the most intimidating son of a bitch that weighs 130 pounds
I've ever fucking seen in my life.
And I tell you, my dad took me to where I needed to be.
But right after I made, you know, I guess the American League,
Lou pretty much took over as a father figure after that
when it comes to hockey and helped me out through my career.
So I just,
I got to get the fucking guy props because he went through a lot with me,
man.
Big time.
Well,
I can see you now rooting for the Islanders with Lou Lamorello running the
ship there.
So question for you is that I don't think a lot of the listeners know how
insane he was in terms of like the little things he wouldn't let his team do.
You know,
the tape on the socks kind of fill us in on how nuts he was with the with the minor details oh dude dude dude dude
and and especially for a guy like me yeah where i'm just like on the bubble at all even if i'm
on a one-way contract i'm still on the fucking bubble he knows he knows and he's not fucking stupid he's got people i i remember a couple times where
you know you get a little cocky and i'm you know we don't girls back to hotel left and right and
i'm i'm so stupid i'm walking them through like the main hall like everybody look at me attention
attention loud as fuck his dirty coops whatever the case was it doesn't matter but he'd have guys who's like
waiting and they clock in like oh there's cam when it's about three o'clock in the morning like
little things like that and i remember i had so many little things going on that i was doing that
i could have probably gotten in trouble for and he called me in one time to his office and he goes
you know what the fuck you did and it's in front of everybody like so so he goes like cam he points
at me in a locker room and I'm a young kid.
All the guys like,
Oh shit.
He pulls me in and he goes,
you know what the fuck you did?
And I'm like,
Oh shit.
I'm like,
uh,
what was it that,
or was it that,
or fuck it could have been that,
or,
you know,
and I'm like,
um,
I'm sorry.
He goes,
I'll fucking send you home right now.
And then,
you know,
of course I'm start crying and she, it just was, he was so intimidating.
And I remember going on the ice with Johnny Mac, John McClane.
And I go, dude, what did I do again?
He's like, you don't know what you did?
Skates away.
Calls Lou again.
Lou calls me back into his office.
He goes, you know what the fuck you did?
And I still don't know what he had on me at that point.
But it could have been a million different things.
But, again, he kept me on my fucking toes,
and I desperately needed that, man.
Were you mad at Johnny Mac for shriveling you?
Fuck yeah.
I even had him on my show the other day, about a year ago.
I'm like, what was that exactly?
He wouldn't even tell me because I don't think any of them knew.
They just probably heard rumblings,
and you guys know what I'm talking about with that too man because i'm sure you both
went through that same shirt i felt you were more known for your time in st louis probably because
every time i was fighting against you that's the jersey you wore so maybe my opinion's a little
biased i just wanted to kind of retract on my statement of everyone knowing you for your time
in st louis so because you spent quite a bit of time in New Jersey as well. Oh yeah. And I love Jersey. Jersey was fun. Now, now I look at it now
and, and when you're a young kid living in Jersey, Jersey is kind of a tough place to play. Like not,
not play, but, but live like it's like, I'm from St. Louis, man. We're kind of, everything's just
slowed down here, but going over there, but the people there are great. Like they love that
fucking everybody's tough
there and i'll tell you a real funny story real quick so my first uh one of my first call-ups okay
i'm hanging out with all the guys and we go to this place called the rock bottom right there in
west orange and i'm hanging out with the guys i'm again a young kid just just got called up maybe
got into a couple fights so far maybe, maybe played a couple of games.
My head's a little big at this point.
You don't know what reality is because everything came so fast.
And you're just like, oh, yeah, I'm on top of the world.
So I go into this bar, and I'm Marty Berdour and all the guys that are sitting up on this little table.
And I go into the bar and have a drink.
And I go buy a drink, maybe buy some shots for the guys, whatever the case is.
So I kind of bump into this guy, shaved head, stocky motherfucker.
He bumps into my back.
I'm like, get the fuck out of here.
I got caught in my eye.
Like, I look like I've been through war.
Like, don't fuck with me.
The guy hits me back.
I go, fuck you.
Fuck you.
Like, all right.
I fist fight a guy the first time I go to a bar with the guys, which they've invited me out to.
The first time I even hang with these fucking guys, I fist fight a guy with the guys which they've invited me out to the first time I even hang with
these fucking guys I fist fight a guy
and he is an undercover cop
and I
remember yeah and he beats the
fuck out of me and in front of
everybody and it's like holy shit
and I remember looking up and after
we kind of got done they broke it up and I look at
Marty and those guys and they're just laughing and you can tell
they're shaking their head like, yeah,
we're never going to see this kid again. He's done.
So, and, and, and after a while I kind of regrouped and I look at the cop and
we shook hands, we hugged and we became buddies after that.
And I stuck around. But the first time I hung out with all the guys,
I fought an undercover cop at a fucking bar and, Oh Jesus.
And he kicked my ass too just I know
man I think they
I think they
I think honestly they put me up to it
I think they told the guy to fuck with me honestly
and I didn't think they'd be that far
but boy oh boy I always like to think
that was the case but if it's not then
I'm just fucked up
you have nine lives
because you're dodging bullets left and right.
Totally, man.
Totally dodging bullets.
But again, I became buddies with the guy.
And we sat there.
We drank beers.
And there was a cop bar.
And I became friends with all these cool Jersey State troopers and all that stuff.
And they'd all go to the games.
Because in Jersey, man, everybody's a badass.
You know how it is, man. You go to Jersey Shore shore down there i don't know if you have this or what but like everybody's a fucking big shit kicking son of a bitch and you're like yeah i'm
gonna stay away i usually hang out with the state troopers down there but everybody's big everybody's
tough everybody thinks they could fight because everybody goes to a gym in jersey now you come
down to the midwest here every mile there's mcdonald's every other
mile there's a taco bell in jersey every mile there's a deli or a fucking gym so everybody's
jacked out of their fucking doors and they could probably beat the fuck out of all of us and that's
exactly what happened but uh when they let when they watch you play and they know that you're
you're pretty scrappy they definitely fall in love with you hey i just want to congratulate you passed
the swear word record by set by jordan tutu oh i listened to that too by the way i was trying not
to do that but boy oh boy it's nice because you know you're you know how it is man we're all good
right oh yeah you're about to square off with your microphone you're you're you're really digging
stories we love this this is what we live for.
This is actually excellent.
I wanted to remind you
if you remember the time we met
after playing against each other.
You were at the Woodlands. You guys were
staying over. Oh, man.
You were wheeling some
veteran cougar.
You were friendly and crushing drinks.
I'm like, this guy's a complete animal
you ran hard oh fuck dude uh yeah and if you really want to get into it man i i yeah dude
i got are you married are you married no i i got well i i should be i have a fiance she's actually
in the other room but she's got her ears closed right now so she's not gonna listen to anything
but she's used to this stuff being on the radio every single day and have to
deal with all this shit um but yeah no i was i like him already too i fuck yeah man and i i think
colby armstrong was there as well i think i had him on my show one time and he's talking about
this shit but no man like that that's what's on your mind like from a small town in St. Louis like you're thinking about girls I
mean you absolutely are and uh you know playing in your hometown dealing with with shit in St.
Louis man you get caught up with different things and fuck almighty like if I wanted anything
anytime like on Christmas fucking morning at two in the fucking morning I call a guy and bring over
whatever the fuck you know what I mean so like if you wanted to get jacked up or caught up on
whatever like it's it's there for you and it it's tough man it was tough and uh the one thing i did
get fucked up on the man i'll tell you this and i will talk to you guys about it because it is kind of a big deal and it is an epidemic was fucking painkillers they are the fucking devil dude i don't know if you guys had to deal with them
as much as i did but holy fuck i got fucked up for a couple for some years on that shit man
and it was the most hardcore fucked up shit in the world so before we continue as it better look
like hopefully you're doing
good now and stuff before because i want to get into that oh yeah good good no no no no oh yeah
fuck yeah yeah yeah fuck no no no fucking right i'm doing good i beat the fuck out of it and that
was the hardest fight i've ever been through in my life i'll tell you this right now and i was
listening to jordan too and him talking about you know his alcohol and things like that like
whenever it's shoved in your
face and and painkillers are just one thing but everything i like but painkillers you know you
you had to take them it's not like anything else or like oh what do you got there whatever the
case is but painkillers you had to because because they work but when they start controlling your
life oh fuck they fucked me up bad, man.
They honestly did.
What's the worst thing?
Just destroying relationships and things like that?
Oh, like, just when you  I was eating them like Skittles, dude.
And I was doing it because not only did they work, but it was fun, too.
Like, you drink it on, like, I know it's horrible to say but no like they make you feel good like they
give you a euphoric high absolutely but when they start controlling your life
and the withdrawal from painkiller oh fuck it's so it's like
it's like imagine the worst fever and flu you've ever had the worst fever you know you're just like
down times that by a million and tack on the worst depression you've had and put three to four
fucking five months timetable on it that kind of shit so that that flu you had that for that 12
hours or you're so fucked up times that by four months and tack on depression and tack on all that.
It is the devil.
And I had to get off cold Turkey with them.
And it was just,
you know,
you don't shit for five fucking days.
Oh fuck.
They were brutal.
I had to deal with that throughout my career,
man.
And no one even knew.
I was wondering,
it's like doing your,
now,
did, did this have something to do with the job you had to do playing or was this more about just at all
okay okay i wanted that i wanted that i respect i'll tell you no yeah wait no no it's a great
question no no you're right and and actually people come up to me and they're like oh no
wonder you fought guys whoa whoa fuck you wait a second 75 to 85 percent of the time i was withdrawing like a son of a bitch meaning you're weak you're
pissing out of your ass you're just blah you you're not you're depressed and then go out there
and fight biz or whoever so it's not like you just, they only last when you take enough of them,
you climb up that painkiller ladder and all of a sudden they don't do
anything for you.
Now you're just taking the normal.
Yeah.
You're taking to be normal again,
to be normal again.
So 90,
again,
80 of the time I was fighting guys,
I was withdrawing like a feverish and,
and going out there and
having fucking put on a show for 20 000 people so that was fucking hardcore man and i finally
got through it dude and it was the hardest thing i've ever done in my life in in the midst of your
career you got through it or did it take yeah it was the midst of my career i had actually
i did a cold turkey, dude.
I had to do a cold turkey like a week.
I'd tell him I'd hold it off throughout the summer.
I'd be like, okay, okay, I got a month left.
Okay, I'm going to do it now.
No, I'll give it one more week.
No, I'll give it one more week.
Okay, in a week left, I'd go cold turkey before training camp.
Oh, and you're weak.
You look yellow.
You look yourself in the mirror.
You're fucking yellow, man. How did you do testing?
I just sucked it up.
I sucked it up.
I couldn't even do it. I hadn't drank
for three weeks. I know,
dude. I know.
I sucked it up. I put on a front.
You know, I'm a happy guy in a locker
room. Yay, you know, this and that.
And I'd feel like shit
and i'd have to fake it and just suck it up man i i honestly would and then i i tried to quit i
tried to quit cold turkey and then you had to get on so i'm like fuck i gotta figure something else
out so i i got on suboxone which helped me but then you're like, blah. So what Suboxone does, it just, it makes you like, so if you drink anything,
you just go right into withdrawal.
So you don't do shit and you just feel like a, and for me, I'm like, Hey,
you know, like we're all like that.
That's why we're fucking doing what we're doing.
But when you're on Suboxone, it just, it makes you just, you get my point on
that.
And it just wasn't me.
And then I had to force myself to fight
yeah you're gone you're not you you're a fucking blob and it but it saved my life basically so are
you uh are you cold turkey now do you not drink or do obviously any drugs fuck fuck no no no i'm
so maniac but i don't do that bullshit anymore. Do you compensate with medical drugs like cannabis or anything like that?
Of course, man.
Oh, yeah, dude.
I don't know how that  yeah, dude.
And the CBD shit  okay, fine.
Let's tie this all together.
And I hear you're sponsors too, and we'll tie this together.
If you are a player, and I know you guys got a lot of hockey guys listening to this, man.
If you're fucked up, try the CBD oil, man.
And as you talk about it, we'll talk about it all the time.
This is stuff we've been pumping on here, and it's, buddy, it's helped me out a lot.
I stopped drinking too, right?
So that's obviously helped as well.
But my sleep's never been better.
My dealing with my anxiety,
my depression. And listen, when we talk about depression in my stance, like we're not talking
about colossal shit that some people have to deal with. I'm very blessed. And I know that,
but it's my own situation and there, and there's, you know, some days are good. Some days are bad.
And it helps me with the information in my head. It helps with the, sometimes the headaches I get,
and it helps me with the information in my head.
It helps with sometimes the headaches I get.
But listen, I'll say this.
I'm particularly not one of those guys who's going to sit here and point the finger because I was also making other decisions off the ice.
I won't go into detail.
That probably didn't help my situation where now I'm at the point
where it's like, hey, you've made your own bed.
You knew the risks.
You got paid very well to take care of yourself
and could have easily used that money
to get to those resources.
So now you got to deal with it and shut your mouth
but at least find the proper ways in order to do so.
And I believe CBD has been huge in helping me.
Biz, everything I've ever done was my fault 100 and fucking 10 everything was self-induced with me
i didn't have to do this i didn't have to do that i didn't have to have that shoved in my face i
didn't have to it was all me not my trainers not anything the blues were awesome with me the devils
were great with me i put on a front i fucking just put on a front and I just did what I to bring this up because it is an absolute epidemic
and we saw what happened to Bugaard
we saw what happened to a lot of guys
in the NHL it is a nasty
thing and I'm fucking thankful
I dug my fucking ass out of it
but it is bad
and you just got
there's other alternatives that's all I got to say
with that but boy oh boy was that
nasty man but boy it boy was that nasty man
but boy it makes you stronger and i'll tell you this being on the radio and doing all this shit
all this stress that i feel like i have now after hockey and i'm like oh god i'm sorry it's nothing
nothing compared to withdrawing off painkillers and then having to go fight fucking mcgrattan
at center ice like feeling like dog fuck.
And I'm like, yeah, let's go.
I'll go to Cody.
Let's go.
Let's go for two and a half minutes.
I don't give a shit.
I'll suck it up.
Leading up to that fight was more stressful than any bullshit I'm doing
after hockey.
So I could, I'm like right now I'm like fucking bring on the day.
Come on.
What do you got for me?
I fucking did it all.
What do you got for me?
Chance the people probably like the,
my main answer when people ask me what i do
this for is probably usually like well you know you get compensated well for because now i'm
basically a clown on the the second half of my life now entertaining people but but but i find
that answer that you just had tells me exactly why i do it i'm doing it more for the competition of
it where i get to wake up every day and there's pressure on me again to perform
because most of my
life was spent you know trying
to fucking be a professional athlete and
entertaining and being good at something
where it's just like how am I going to meet that
excitement again if I just get
up and go work a normal
eight hour job I'm going to lose
my fucking mind dude
and that's what a lot of guys that are struggling with that.
They just don't have that.
And they don't know what it's hard to know what to do.
I mean,
they don't know what to do and they don't know what to resort to.
And sometimes that ends up being alcohol and drugs where,
where this is my fucking drug.
Now I need this.
I love interacting.
I love bringing that story to the,
to the fans that are paying the expensive dollars to watch these athletes
go. And these young guys
do have personality, and I'm trying
to fucking drag it out of them because
it's fucking competitive, and it's
fun as shit.
No shit. And you're right.
That euphoric high that you get
playing games, whether you wit fucking
doing your thing on a power play, scoring a
fucking goal, whether you biz doing your goddamn
thing, whether it is what I did. But now being on radio and doing this and talking a power play, scoring a fucking goal, whether you're busy doing your goddamn thing, whatever it is, what I did.
But now being on radio and doing this and talking,
like, no, I take it fucking serious.
Like, I got to know my shit.
I work my fucking ass off.
I read, read, do this, watch these games.
Now when I'm watching games,
because I have to critique the Blues all the fucking time,
and I know all the guys,
and the organization treats me like gold,
and I don't, and I got to toe the line a little bit,
but I got to be honest, too, because everybody everybody wants but i take it like it's a game every time
i'm on the radio or just like you guys doing this podcast like it's like a game like okay
fucking right all right let's get ready you gotta turn it on down you gotta turn it on man and it
afterwards like even when we hang up tonight dude dude, you know, you do your show, you do this, whatever the case is.
Like I get that, I get that high again, that natural euphoric high that I got after fighting somebody.
Just don't bark at us anymore.
No, no, I'm sorry.
No more barking, okay?
You can breathe a little heavy like you used to do, but no more barking.
I know.
People always throw that when I was like trying to hunt them down on the on the
board check the camera camera look look I I knew you were behind me because you're fucking breathing
like a scoundrel I'm like oh really you could hear that like yeah you moron like okay no one
you avoided my check you're like why is everyone spinning off me like because janny you mentioned uh you mentioned being on the radio
phyllis and where where is that what station you on how's that going
it's going good man i'm on i'm five nine the fan in st louis i'm actually on two
different radio stations to be honest with you actually i'm all over the
fucking place hey how do you not swear on air
i know dude you love him all over the fucking place. How do you not swear on air? I know, dude. You love
the phone.
How do you even talk and pass your vocabulary?
I had to do it on NHL too.
It's just like you change who you are.
Thank you.
You're Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Okay, Ryan.
Time to go on the TV screen.
I am a robot.
Yes, exactly. I was actually going to talk to you guys about that. I'm on two TV screen. I am a robot. Yes, exactly.
And I was actually going to talk to you guys about that.
So I'm on two different stations, Five Night at the Fan.
Humble brag. And they're great.
Whatever. Double paycheck.
And then I'm not that
big of a deal. And then I'm on
KMLX, which is the Blues.
They're affiliate.
They're their station. So when I'm
on Five Night at the Fan, I'm like,
whatever the case is, I do my thing. I i could be myself although i can't throw cunt bombs or
fuck bombs but i could still slide in what i need to do and if i fuck up they'll edit it out fine
whatever they'll drop the seven second delay which makes it sound god awful if you're in like a
monologue but the kmox with the blues i'm more more like robotic. Like, Oh, hi, I'm Kim.
Oh, here you go. So you have to, you have to be dynamic.
How's that? That, that is the two, three, four check.
You said two mans in and then back check. Good job.
I find that I, uh,
I stumble over my words because I'm, uh because I'm trying not to swear.
So I'm not really talking how I would normally talk because I do swear a little bit.
When I get intense, I swear a little bit.
It sucks because
Do what?
It sucks because  and Jens, this is no  I'm not chirping you because I do the same thing.
But when I listen and I hear myself swear, I'm like, oh.
I'm like, you sound so dumb.
But it's just like how we've talked for so long.
But I know I get a little.
When I when I listen to the clips, I don't listen to the show.
I don't listen to a clip that Grinnelli puts up.
There's 17 F-bombs.
And I'm like, is that real? I'm around, like, children now.
Yeah, you know, other media guys are like, this guy is a loser.
Why do people even listen to him?
And I'm like, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
He's even said another word.
Like, what is he doing?
Oh, my God.
No, you're right on that.
But you still have to be yourself and you know
and people do appreciate your your candidness and and i i i see that now that i've been on and
doing my thing but you you have to be dynamic and you you have to be able to tone it down
but you also have to be yourself that's one thing you've never been dynamic
first time for everything.
Motherfucker, you haven't seen me on Tuesdays
and Thursdays these days, buddy.
I'm scoring goals left and right, baby.
I'll tell you that right now.
Nobody will go near him. They'll be like, this is the guy
who dummied an undercover cop.
Now he's playing men's league.
Let him score.
It's like
Putin in Russia.
Oh, fuck yeah.
I hang out with him. I don't care.
Kim Jong-un.
Not him.
You kind of strike me as the guy who's
just shredded still, even retired.
You're just all ripped up.
Yeah, I'm pretty fucking jacked up.
What's wrong with you?
He's like, now I'm addicted to steroids.
Now that I don't get drug tested fucking right,
I could get jacked the fuck up.
I'm on everything.
Just get a hammer on that mentality.
I tell you, you want to know how to beat Perks?
You want to know how to beat Perks?
Go down to the local Gold's gym.
Talk to a big, huge guy.
He'll get you on Perks.
It's funny.
I'll tell you this real quick.
When I was playing AAA, we did have another NHLer on my team,
believe it or not.
I told you we'd get slaughtered by these fucking guys, man,
going up and playing.
But before games, I remember being in these tournaments,
and I'd grab a couple of the big guys in the locker room.
They were fucking 14, 13 years old.
I grabbed Joey Vitale.
I don't know if you know.
Did you play with Joey in Phoenix at all? Joey Vitale?
Yeah.
I played with him in Wilkes-Barre. He played
with the Penguins organization. He's
actually the radio guy for the St. Louis Blues
now. Well, yeah.
Of course he is.
He's a good buddy of mine.
He took Kelly Chase chase's job did
this thing but he played with me in in triple a so we go to these big fucking tournaments right
and we play against again the big big kids and i'd be like okay guys i'd be in the locker room
back okay joey take a shirt off bobby press take a shirt off i'll take my shirt let's do 50 push-ups
and let's walk out to that motherfucking and we walk out to the glass and flex in front of like
you know James
Wisniewski from CompuWare all
these like guys that played in the NHL for a long time
and we legitimately flex
I'd make them do pushes to get jacked up
and flex to try to intimidate
the other team and it just did not
work at all
but we have to do something
and I'd tell these guys to get jacked up because i'd grab
all the other guys and because most of the kids like either you went through puberty or you didn't
so i'd grab the guys that went through puberty i'm like okay do 50 let's go out there and try
to intimidate these teams and again it just didn't work we'd lose like a 14 to 2 but we'd beat the
shit out of them physically at least a bunch of hillbillies from St. Louis, but
boy, we had a good time, man.
It was fun, and now the path is
paved, I guess. Hey, nice to see
you've kind of adapted to
normal society, because you're
not in prison.
But hey, buddy.
Who are you kidding?
Well, I'm not the one talking about
barking at people.
Anyway, but, Chance, this was unbelievable.
Very candid, amazing call-up story from Lou.
We've got to have you on again, man.
You have too many stories to not have.
Come on.
We're going to have to work on your swearing, though.
No, I got you, guys.
We'll challenge each other.
Are you going to have to bleep stuff out or what?
No, God no.
We never bleeped out one thing.
I think I said something one time.
But yeah, we're cool. You're money, dude.
We're going to do a swear jar next episode
and get a free vacation for the whole Chicklets crew
paid for.
I'll go down there with you.
Hey, after you.
Well, look, I'm going to have you guys come on my show too, man.
I appreciate you guys having me on it.
You guys are doing great stuff.
And, look, everybody, all the hockey boys in St. Louis, they all listen.
They all listen to all your shit, man, and they all want to say hey to you guys.
So you got a big fan base out here in St. Louis, man.
You guys are doing great shit, and we're all big fans of you guys.
So just remember that.
Oh, thanks, man. Jesus, don't suck up now. We of you guys. So just remember that. Oh, thanks, Janny.
Jesus, don't suck up now.
We just want to rip you a little bit.
Oh, fuck, sorry.
I got to throw that fucking bomb out for you guys.
I mean, come on now. It was a nice exit.
That was a beautiful exit.
Well said.
A lot of nice golf courses.
I probably got to go back and see it.
Grinnell, play his exit twice for the fans.
Like, cut it.
Yeah, let that be known.
Soak that one in. right cheney i love
it guys you guys are all full of shit man we'll talk soon let us know let us know that interview
is also brought to you by eagle energy the all-natural caffeine inhaler obviously we're
going to hit you with the biz 20 promo code for 20 off i love these things they're great for on
the go for busy people people who don't like drinking coffee and don't want gut rot.
We talk about Grinnell and all the explosive diarrhea he has
at the barstool offices.
Well, now that's been cured because of Eagle Energy,
the all-natural caffeine inhaler.
And once again, folks, I'm too good to you guys.
Biz20 promo code for 20 off.
You can visit them at eagle.energy.com,
and you can go find them on My eagle energy on Instagram and guys, just a great product. And Grinnell, would you agree?
Yeah, we wouldn't have been able to get through this past week in New York without them. I mean,
there were some late nights and some early mornings. So those eagle energies came through
clutch. Yeah. You were even snorting them at one point. But nonetheless, they work great, all natural.
We know about the Guarana.
We know what Guarana is.
Silent R or maybe two R's.
Who the fuck knows?
Eagle Energy.
Go check them out, guys.
Thanks again, Cam Jansen.
What a guy.
I'll never forget Colby Armstrong imitating him on the ice
and Jansen just laughing and Terry and going nuts and Wilkes-Barre.
But that was a great interview.
I think it was pretty cool to talk to him and hear about his life, what he's gone through.
So thank you very much.
And on to other things, Ari, you got some what?
News and notes, suspensions.
What do we got?
Yeah.
Edmondson forward, Juja Kara.
He got a two-game suspension for cross-checking St. Louis defenseman Vince Dunn on Tuesday.
I don't know if you saw the play, but Cara, nice hard legal hit on Dunn in the corner.
Dunn took exception to it, cross-checked Cara.
Cara retaliated back, cross-checked him.
Some nice cross-checks.
Apparently the Department of Player Safety deemed Cara's much worse.
Dunn was fined 1942
dollars and 20 cents for crosscheck and car i love i love how they come up with the 20 cents
and uh car was given two games for his retaliatory crosscheck which the league deemed
much worse than done so i mean he got two games the other guy only got a 1900 fine
if you watch it i mean they both crack each other in the head pretty good. I don't know what the league's formula is, but anyways, another suspension.
Boys, this one must make you sick. Patrick Berglin was placed on unconditional waivers
by the Buffalo Sabres with the intent to terminate his contract. He's in the second
year of a five-year deal at 3.85 million per year. He's essentially walking away from fucking,
what, 12 million?
How sick does this make you on a 1 to 10 scale?
50?
I just don't understand it.
I mean, I would love to know what's actually going on,
if he really doesn't want to be there that bad.
But you can't really get answers from any side right now.
So it's hard to even guess what guess what, what's in his,
what's in his head without him making a statement or saying,
hearing something from Buffalo,
because it doesn't make any sense to me.
I mean,
even if they don't,
even if they're not playing you the way that you want to be played or you
hate the city,
I mean,
dude,
you're making bank.
You're setting yourself up for the rest of your life.
He's got to have some sort of plan or he's got to have plenty of money in
Sweden.
I don't know.
It's surprising to me to hear just somebody walk away from all this.
I respect anyone who can walk away from something that they don't love to do.
And that would be very hard considering they're not money.
I think it's foolish if you have money like that coming.
Hey, listen, and that's fine.
And to me, it's foolish as well.
But I can also respect somebody who's willing to leave that money on the table
because they aren't happy at that moment in their life.
Now, you can say, oh, we'll work through it,
or, oh, fuck you, you don't like this city.
That's fine.
I get everybody else's opinion on it,
but obviously he wasn't happy with where he was in life at that time,
so he removed himself from that situation.
So, I mean, he's leaving 12 million on the table.
I mean, fuck, is a chip strip that bad?
I mean, did it go downhill?
I mean, when we had rookie party there, I mean, I did all right.
I cleaned house.
I know it was sloppy seconds, but I mean, I'll take what I can get.
I also, that's why there could be a lot going on in his life, right?
That's why I kind of said at the beginning, there could be a lot going on in his life, right? That's why I kind of said at the beginning,
there could be a whole other side to this.
But it is surprising to me from knowing what we know,
which I guess is absolutely nothing.
What's surprising about it is how good the team's doing.
I thought he was going to be great there.
I remember in campus when we were the jesters, he was sick.
I remember being like, fuck, this guy can play and he's a monster.
I know he's battled some injury problems.
He's kind of had some bad injuries throughout his career.
He plays hard and has dealt with some stuff.
We'll see what happens.
We'll see where he ends up.
If maybe he's done playing, who knows.
Nice of him to the Sabres as well.
The fact that he removes himself from the situation,
that he ends up helping them save cap space
so they can go out and maybe sign a free agent.
So if you're a Sabres fan and he ain't down to be there,
if he's eating salary and being a piece of shit,
then that's a whole different story.
The fact that he's like, listen, I ain't happy.
Here, take your fucking money and gone.
That's respectable.
Yep.
Very respectable.
And that's why I said, like, good for him. If he's not happy,
he's not happy.
That's a good point, actually.
They also have Matt Molson money, 5 mil coming off the books
along with Jason Palmanville
for another 5 mil coming off the books.
They're going to have almost 15 million
in cap space to spend this upcoming offseason.
That's Jeff Skinner and some.
You can re-sign Jeff Skinner
for basically whatever he wants and then go get some depth on on the back end but that's a great point too um
you know it could be a personal situation something we don't know of that you know and we're never
going to be privy to that it's just the money doesn't matter and i took a quick look at cap
friendly he's already made i think over 20 million dollars in his career which that's not jump change
so if he's been smart with it, then, you know,
it might be a little easier for him to walk away.
But, yeah, the Sabres probably fucking couldn't do it quick enough.
Now they probably got a better chance at signing Jeff Skinner for sure.
So who knows what's going to happen with that,
but definitely not a situation we see too, too often in this league.
Guys just walking away from money.
How about Monday night, boys?
Did you think you'd see Kyle Torres and Bobby Ryan drop the gloves
and fucking throw hands with each other? I think
the odds of that happening are probably off the board
before the game started.
I know that's the NHL, though. Even guys
like Bobby Ryan and Kyle
Torres not known as fighters,
you're getting a little beef one night, you're
a competitive bastard, you're playing a
man and woman sport now,
a man's league, though, a man's league, though,
a man's league, and tempers fly.
They went at it.
I also think that it just shows that, you know,
those guys aren't the roughest players,
although Bobby Ryan throws enormous hits.
Kyle Torres maybe isn't, you know, considered that hard-nosed,
but I was like that, and I had three or four fights.
You know, you can get pissed off once in a while.
Your teammate gets hit from behind. You never know. I think that guys love it when guys like that and I had three or four fights you know you can get pissed off once in a while your teammate gets hit from behind you never know
I think that guys love it when guys
like that fight I mean I know Biz
if you were on the bench and you had a skill guy fight
you probably were fired up
oh it gets the boys going and I'm thinking of weird
fights you remember that Mark Stahl
and Semin fight
with Semin playing the drums on him
that just sparked up
Phil Collins on him.
I love seeing guys who don't know how to fight, fight.
Speaking of that, I don't mean to get off this topic.
I saw that Alexiak and Wilson go at it tonight in the Pittsburgh Penguins-Washington game.
Holy fuck, dude.
You're 6'6".
Grab on and learn how to fucking throw.
And no offense to Skilzy either.
grab on and learn how to fucking throw and no offense to skillsy either how gill for his size was one 100 probably the worst fighter i've ever seen in my life have you ever watched skillsy fight
it was so weird it's just like dude just hold them out there and fucking throw punches it ain't i i
could never say a word about like that's like i could chirp a defenseman's breakout pass you can
chirp this i can't say a word about i mean hey a Alexiak's a big boy, and he doesn't play a skilled game.
He's meat and potatoes.
You got to, like, take a fucking boxing lesson or something.
It was weird because he's, like, kind of holding him off with his head turned,
and then, like, dude, he kind of just turned his head right into it.
Like, he's throwing bombs over your shoulder, like, if you turn into it.
throwing bombs over your shoulder like if you turn into it.
By the way, that punch and that fight, it just shows any team would do anything to have Tom Wilson in their lineup.
Any team.
It doesn't matter.
Anyone can hate him.
That guy is so valuable right now.
He's so fast.
He hammers people.
He's a monopoly.
People are afraid of him.
Not afraid of him, but very wary of where he is on the
ice, and he can
shock them, as you showed there. I mean, Revo's
a different animal, different beast, but
Tom Wilson is valuable. He's
a monopoly. He can play now.
The way he's scaled up offensively,
scaled up, quit talking.
What's the scaled up joke?
I say it
a lot, and it's my word.
I like it, though.
You sound smart as shit when you say it.
Thank you.
I'll pump my tires, please.
And it doesn't resonate that you say it a lot,
so I hear it every time.
I'm like, yeah, sick word.
Oh, yeah, people just lay into me online for it.
But, no, I mean, for what he's done offensively this year,
and it's weird how his career went.
He just keeps getting better and better offensively.
He keeps learning, and you think like, oh,
if the game's getting faster and faster, he's a big, slow guy.
He can move around pretty decent for a big fella.
And other than Revo, I mean, I can't really see that many tougher guys
in the league.
I mean, maybe I'm drawing a blank up top, but, I mean,
he can go out there and do his thing and scare guys.
No one's going to touch him.
Yeah.
Oh, what a feeling that would have been.
Hey, Grinnelly, like you at Burlington high, no one was going to touch you.
Yeah.
Right.
The ice.
Yeah.
Right.
I still can't get my bookie.
Including the girls.
Just in case you did miss it.
Tom Wilson did fight Alexiak Wednesday night and he caught him fucking flush
with a right and just fucking dropped him.
In case you hadn't caught it, go ahead and seek it out
because it was quite a punch.
What do you live under a rock?
Oh, Ovi and Sid were going at it too.
They were beaking on the bench.
Apparently the
What happened was Sid said, oh, go fight him to Ovi,
and Ovi said, why don't you fight me?
Is that what happened?
Yeah, and then Sid told him to go fuck himself.
Sid and Getzloff were going at it the other night too.
Just competitive players, man.
These guys are playing every night against each other.
Exactly, and these guys won gold medals together.
This is the best sport in the world because it doesn't matter.
You see the basketball.
You see the friends.
You see the high fives.
You see the laughing during the game.
Hockey's different.
I know I'm
going basketball, hockey, but you
may give a guy a nod before the game. If you're
playing sock with your guys, he walks by, quick
chirp, but game on, dude, and fuck
them. And it's not like that
in any other sport. Football, obviously. Football
is the exact same way. But basketball, get
out of here.
I thought he was going to get on the NBA again.
Sick league.
Guys, before we go any further,
I just want to talk to you about Quip for a second.
You know, when you're thinking of the perfect gift this holiday season,
you probably don't think an electric toothbrush,
but you really should because Quip is the electric toothbrush.
It's one of the most guided gifts of the season, and here's why.
It's perfect for everyone with a mouth,
and it's something they'll use twice a day.
We've mentioned it before always worth mentioning again quip has the sensitive sonic vibrations to let you know when to switch sides most people do not brush as long as they should
they don't do it as thoroughly as they need to that's not a problem with quip it guides you
tells you how to brush changes the game for you quip is a gift that keeps refreshing with brush
heads automatically delivered on a dentist recommended schedule every three months for just 5. You can even get
prepaid gift refills for a year to make sure you're not using old worn out or ineffective bristles.
No more of those cheesy dentist office toothbrushes. You get Quip, you're going to be
golden. It's one of the first electric toothbrushes accepted by the ADA and has thousands of verified five-star reviews, okay?
That's why I love Quip and why they have over 5,000 verified reviews like I just mentioned.
Quip looks like a big-ticket tech gift with a stocking stuffer price starting at just 25.
And if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets right now, you get your first refill pack for free with the Quip electric toothbrush.
But you don't have to tell your goatee.
You give tea that.
Goatee.
That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com.
Quickly, before we move on, I don't know if you guys saw,
but Brock Besser had a video come out on Sportsnet.
He took a special needs girl to prom, and it's a pretty tear-jerking video.
What a great guy.
They remain friends even when he comes and plays in town where they're at.
He'll meet up with them after the game in the crowd and stuff like that.
So if you guys have a chance to go online and watch that video,
Brock Besser is a very stand-up guy uh and uh kudos to him for what he
did because that made that girls her life she's like a hardcore besser fan she got jerseys above
her bed uh the mom was on there talking about how much it's affected and impacted her life so
a really cool thing hockey players doing good things so shout out to brock besser
yeah it was a nice video was definitely definitely pulled at the hot strings. Wits, we were talking about hockey dads earlier
in Toronto. We mentioned Michael Nealand, but apparently
another player's father's been making some waves in Toronto, eh?
Yeah, I got these sent to me. It's from The Athletic, and it's
quotes with Paul Marner, Mitch's dad.
It's weird to me to see an NHL player's father in the news.
I have a hard time thinking that anyone within the Leafs
kind of loves seeing that.
It's so uncommon that it's almost like your kid's in the NHL.
Why are you talking to the media?
But there's interesting quotes involved in it.
It's funny.
I listen to all the experts on Leafs Lunch or
TSN or whatever, and some people are
shocked about what Mitch is or who he is.
But in his whole life, he's been either the
best player in his age group or one of the top two
or three. Everywhere he's been.
When he played a year up, him and Connor
McDavid were probably the two best players
in the OMHA playing against
each other. And then Mitch went to the GTHL
and was probably the
best player on his team playing a year up it goes on and on and it talks about how there's like
disrespect and how why can't people in toronto think that his son may be the captain and i'm
paraphrasing and all that but i don't know why he's talking to the media about this i don't know
what what does this do why are you your's one of the best players in the NHL
right now, and you're giving quotes that just kind of
create these weird stories. When I read
them all, the one thing I thought was like,
there is not a chance he's going to take one cent
less than Austin Matthews. These quotes
are pretty much... You go to
the Athletic article, I feel bad
because there were screenshots sent.
I don't know who the author was, but we can get that up.
But it's just shocking to me to see an NHL player's dad
like giving quotes, I mean, pumping his kids' tires
about his days in the GTHL.
Like, I lit up the MBHL.
I mean, my dad wasn't giving quotes to the paper.
I mean, I was one-tenth the player of Mitch Varner,
but it's like, I've never seen.
This is like Eric Lindros' dad was involved.
Wasn't he, Biz?
I don't remember.
Yeah, I think his mom was more vocal than his old man.
Okay, his mom.
It's just odd.
Yeah, like, why kick up dust?
And if your kid was that good of a leader,
then he will be the next Leafs captain.
And if he's not, he'll be an assistant captain,
and they can do it by committee.
I mean, why give your kid that label now where he's got a high-maintenance
father and fuck, man.
They've had enough drama with signing Nylander,
and now they're going to have to deal with going into negotiations
with him and Matthews, and now they've got to worry about his old man chiming in.
And I'm sure he's going to have a lot to say if they're not going to give him
close to what Matthews is getting.
And then it makes it even more uncomfortable.
It probably makes it uncomfortable for Mitch going into the locker room
when everyone knows that's what his old man said.
Then everyone's thinking like, well, hey, is Mitch having this conversation
with his dad behind the scenes here?
Is this is why he's poking his head in?
Does Mitch think that he should be the leader?
So it just creates a little bit of a rift that's just very unneeded.
They have enough to focus on in kind of maintaining that elite status now
in the league.
And I mean, I would say they're one of the cup favorites.
And they're going to have a fairly okay- size window here until they obviously have to start signing
guys and,
and then deal with cap issues.
But fuck man,
that is,
if my old man said that me and my old man would have a fucking Donnie
Brooke.
I'll tell you that I'd,
I'd pull them aside and say,
what the fuck are you doing?
They come on here.
This isn't your career.
Nobody gives a shit what you have to say.
Just fucking come watch,
support me. And that's it.'s perfectly said and and i understand a lot a lot of times
um feeling like you know you're not respected and slighted it's what gets guys to the nhl i mean if
if marner always thought about people aren't respecting me people don't realize how good i am
i'm sure it drove them but dude you're his dad like just go
to the games and watch him light it up have a couple beers and watch your kid literally dominate
the nhl don't talk to the media like every dad's dream is the kids if a kid plays hockey the dad's
like imagine if my kid was in the nhl they don't even think it usually so if it happens it's
incredible just go enjoy the ride bud why are you talking about how good your kid was when he was 12 and how good he is now why can't he be
captain who cares buddy go home and record the game on DVR have a whiskey watch it on repeat
when he gets four points and relax and I'm not saying this is about Mitch dad maybe the the
quotes are taken out of context who knows I will say though there is a little bit of a level of entitlement with
parents from the gta whose kids make it it's it's a it's a cock fight oh man it's so political it's
painful that's gta is great at toronto area correct paul yeah gta is yeah thank you all right for for
helping us uh sometimes i say things where it's it's slang and people might not know that but
yeah the greater toronto area and it's just cutthroat.
And this is the type of shit that the game doesn't need.
Just, hey, if your kid's good enough to make it, he's going to make it.
Yeah, that's another thing.
Does my kid have to play here when he's 12?
No.
No, dude.
No, your kid doesn't have to play hockey all year.
Play baseball.
Play soccer.
Don't play football.
Play basketball.
I don't even care.
I hate the NBA. I don't hate the sport do other sports and then when your kid starts playing and he figures out how good he is
where he wants to go if he's good enough he will be found that's all i tell anyone if your kid is
good enough he will be found i promise you so stop making kids play in tournaments all summer long
montreal toronto boston Chicago, back to Montreal.
Oh, there's the big one in Quebec at the end of the summer.
Dude, enough.
Maybe one tournament a summer.
Leave your kids alone, and when they make it to the NHL
and they toe-drag people and light it up and the biggest star in Toronto,
don't talk about him in the media.
Just watch him.
Yeah, Iman's dad definitely did his kid no favors.
I mean, what positive is going to come out of that
talking to the media I mean he's talking about draft
fucking picks five three years ago he should have
would have been number one if Connor wasn't there
it's just crazy he's doing no favors for the kid
fortunately the media will move on
to the next shiny object in a day or two
and it'll just get lost into the media cycle
but I agree with you the cream does
rise to the crop you don't have to spend all your money
if your kid's good he's gonna fucking make it wherever so uh biz what what did you have
on tap i knew you want something you wanted to mention uh that nhl first timers video came out
you know it was just family fun just keep it pg-13 i'm kind of like bob sag and i have that
full house persona with the nhl. I'm fucking pervy.
Seven counters, but I'm not.
You're just like.
Just kidding.
Just crushing Kimmy Gibbler on the side.
NHL doesn't know about it.
Bob Saget in Entourage.
That's my personal life.
But, no, it was fun.
It was great. Paige Hath it was fun. It was great.
Paige Hathaway was awesome.
So was Bear.
The Digio, he had a great personality.
He was a little more vocal than she was.
Maybe she was a little shy, but I stick Bailey in the nuts,
got him back for all those years of torture.
And, of course, losing to the Kings in the conference finals
when they basically took the ring right off my finger.
Should be an asterisk.
Did they sweep you guys in that or five?
They won in five, yeah.
They scored the OT winner in Phoenix, dagger to the heart.
Pence, Pence got it, didn't he?
Yes, he did.
Dude, big Dustin Penner.
Oh, he was so nasty when I played with him in Edmonton.
Just a great player that used to get chirped by the fans for no reason.
And then he went to L.A. and was sick in their cup win.
And then, you know, he got injured, he says, from eating pancakes,
although the whole story got completely overblown.
He threw his back out, and it's the way you could throw your back out,
like by sneezing, you've heard of those injuries.
But the way he worded to the media was, yeah,
and I leaned over to have a bite of delicious pancakes my wife made me
and that's when my back went out so naturally everyone runs with it thinks of him as getting
injured eating pancakes but uh fuck he was a nasty player he said he'd come on the podcast now i think
he's like a dj yeah he djs a little bit i think he's gotten involved in the in the medical marijuana
industry um he uh he's pretty he's pretty vocal about his politics, too.
We should have him come on and just tee into whoever he's voting for
or not voting for or just really switch this whole podcast upside down.
Anything else in the hockey world?
Or are we bringing back All Right Hamilton?
Yeah, All Right Hamilton.
We got some good questions that people sent in the other day.
And just a note on the gambling corner, you know, like we said,
it's going to be intermittent.
I'm not going to give out picks if I'm not 100 behind them.
And I do have a lot of NFL future bets out there.
So, basically, I don't want to get smoked with losing in the NHL
and then compound that if my NFL futures lose,
I'll get hit with like a double bubble.
So, I'm going a little slow in the NHL until the NFL picks up.
Just a quick note there.
Hey, guys, before we get to All Right Hamilton,
just want to let you know that it's brought to you by Omaha Steaks.
Omaha Steaks gourmet holiday gifts make life easier and a whole lot more delicious.
And for our listeners, Omaha Steaks has a limited time offer.
Get 28 favorites that are guaranteed to thrill for just 49.99.
It's 195 value.
Such a great deal.
You can't beat it.
Go to omahasteaks.com, type Chicklets in the search bar,
and add the family gift package to your cart.
That's omahasteaks.com.
Code Chicklets.
Don't wait.
Order today.
We've got a couple.
We'll do a few of them here.
We've got a couple of Christmas-related ones, a few other regular ones.
This one is from at SavMoney1.0, perhaps inspired by your nickname, Biz.
In the spirit of the holiday season, what are your best hockey-related Christmas memories?
And he says, thanks to all of you for a great year of podcast.
Merry Christmas to all of you, and Merry Christmas to you as well, Savvy Senior.
Let's go to you, Grinelli, first.
What's your best hockey-related Christmas memory?
Oh, God, my best hockey-related Christmas memory?
I'd say probably playing in the Christmas tournaments when you were a little kid.
The Christmas tournaments are always the best.
It's the first time you really hear your name announced over the loudspeakers.
You get the national anthem for the first time.
You know, I think... They play the cassette.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, the coaches give you presents in the locker room.
You get like a team hat, team winner hat after the game.
You get a pin.
Yeah, you get a nice pin for your jacket.
Yeah, so I'd probably say just youth hockey tournaments.
It was such a blast.
I think it's probably...
I remember I wanted the Easton ultralight stick so badly.
I was probably like 11 or 12 so badly.
I wanted the Easton ultralight,
like,
you know,
and then you get the Bauer Linden blade in there.
You remember those blades like had the hooks that were supposed to hook in.
We always have to put more tape around them before the stick went into the,
for the blade went into the shaft blade into the shaft.
I just remember like
and i opened all the presents and it wasn't there i was like oh come on where's my ultralight and
then it was like hid behind we had an old piano that was never touched by one person in our entire
family it was hidden behind the piano i just remember being so fired up put a blade and went
downstairs started just ripping pox actually you know what know what? I used to work on passes.
I just pass it off the post, pass it off the post, pass it off the post.
So you see me with my head up so often in pictures.
But, you know, just that ultralight stick at Christmas.
There was nothing better than getting a stick for Christmas.
There was nothing better.
And then like I did or I got a minute in one one year.
My parents hit it under the couch and it was the same.
Same here.
I was just going to say, is that like the move that parents do? I got a Gretzky aluminum hid it under the couch and it was the same same here i was just gonna say is that like the move that parents do i got a gretzky aluminum all underneath all the presents
were open like i was i was ecstatic you know like what my parents had got me was enough and then my
mom was like oh what's that underneath the couch and then paul why don't you go check that out and
then i fucking opened it up dude i have a have a picture of it. It's iconic.
I'll make sure to send it to Grinnell the Post.
But I was the happiest person in the world.
Now, I feel like it's a cliche answer because you used it, Witt.
So I'm going to go with making Team Ontario under 17
and getting to go to the under 17 world championships
in Stonewall and Selkirk in Manitoba.
And, you know, that was cool for me, making the national teams.
I mean, well, under-17, Canada was so dominant
that they had to break it up into provinces.
They would do like the, you know, BC would have its own team.
Then Calgary, or sorry, Alberta and Manitoba would be together.
Saskatchewan, of course.
And then Ontario would have its own team,
and they'd have like PEI and all those other provinces.
And we ended up winning the bronze medal.
Like Jeff Carter was on my team.
We ended up playing against Team Pacific in one of the round-robin games,
and Nathan Horton went and took the draw against Brent Seabrook,
and we were the two heavyweights in that tournament,
and these guys were fucking battling it out for the ceremonial faceoff.
The puck ended up going all the way down the ice.
You could hear a pin drop.
It was so intense right before it.
And then after that, the crowd got rowdy.
And I don't even know if there was a puck on the ice that game.
Guys were just running, guys.
And when we were under 17, you know, obviously 16 years old,
like Brent Seabrook was like probably 205 pounds, 6'2", 6'3".
Nathan Horton was like 210.
Like we had big fucking teams.
Jeff Carter was like 6'2".
We had Anthony Stewart.
So there were some big boys out there, and that's probably my best memory.
Biz, I played in that too.
My year, I was still playing high school hockey though.
Like USA would send their national development program thing in Ann Arbor.
Now it's in Plymouth.
But they'd add a couple better players that didn't go to the program.
So I was still playing high school.
Dude, there was a couple good teams where I played high school.
But overall, I mean, you'd play played high school, but over, I mean,
you'd play like this school BB and I'd get six assists against it.
I mean, it was like, it wasn't,
it wasn't like the type of hockey that we went up and played in that
tournament. So I get up there and Ontario was a wagon.
I remember Trevor Daly was sick, but the star of the tournament,
and the biggest part of the tournament,
I was rattled because Spezza and Bollmeister got to make,
they made the world junior team when they were that young.
So they weren't there like with all the rest of the 83s.
And they were the two names.
Everyone wanted to kind of like see,
and at least the U S guys,
you wanted to see how good they were in person.
So they were at world juniors,
but Russia sent over someone and it was Ilya goddamn Kovalchuk.
He was so nasty. I'll never forget me and my buddy Brian
McConnell we grew up playing on the same team uh South Shore Kings High School USA BU and we sat
there like this kid is so much better than both of us and we thought we were both pretty good
and I just remember being like how is Spezza better than this kid? Like, cause Spezza's world juniors,
he's under 17.
And then it turns out he actually,
Kovalchuk went first overall,
but,
uh,
that's actually pretty cool.
You brought that up.
I forgot all about that.
Mine was in Timmins,
Ontario,
home of,
uh,
who's the rocket country singer.
Oh,
Shania Twain.
Yeah.
Home of Shania Twain.
Mike Sullivan's from there as well.
Oh,
sorry.
Steve Sullivan. Steve Sullivan. Either way. Uh, that's pretty cool. You Sullivan's from there as well. Sorry, Steve Sullivan.
Steve Sullivan.
Either way, that's pretty cool you brought that up.
I don't know if it's right.
It's not Christmas.
It's like after it, or did it already happen?
Either way.
All right.
Mine's not equipment or playing related, obviously.
My best hockey-related Christmas memory, honestly,
my grandmother used to get me and my brother Bruins tickets every year.
She used to get them from her work.
And most of the time, they were Bruins versus Canadians tickets.
So it was always a thrill to know we were going to get Bruins Habs tickets
from Nana every Christmas.
So that's my favorite hockey-related Christmas memory.
All right, we got another one here.
This is just for you guys who played because I thought this was a good question.
This one's from MikeBrandon90.
He asks you guys, when a guy gets a fine for something like sticking up
for a teammate, and he used loot sheets for Russell as an example,
does the team, or more specifically the players, pitch in,
or is it on the individual alone?
In other words, will the guys throw some cash in on the side,
or does the player just take care of it when he gets fined?
All right, Hamilton.
No, usually you're  I jumped over the boards and ended up getting a 10-game suspension for trying to go to the defense of Radoslav gets fined. No, usually you're, I jumped out over the boards and ended up getting a 10 game suspension
for trying to go to the defense of Radoslav Klesla in preseason.
They ended up reducing it to three games and yeah, nobody helped me out.
I got dinged for an 11K fine.
It would have been 67 grand if it would have been the 10 games based on, you know, because
I was a first time offender, but no, nobody's dipped into their own pocket.
I'm sure it's happened before in the history.
Well, you would.
Somebody else has asked me that before.
I don't know.
I mean, it comes right out of your paycheck if you get, you know,
fined or suspended.
So, maybe a superstar has gone up to a guy and written him a check.
I don't know.
I've actually never heard of that happening.
It wouldn't surprise me, but it's also just never
I've never gone around that part.
By the way, what's the guy  every time you say Klesla, Harry Knuckles,
say it, Biz.
Harry Knuckles.
Harry Knuckles.
The best.
Harry Knuckles.
All right.
Another one here.
This is from at G Snyder five.
What's the best non hockey sporting event you've been to?
It is a good one.
I like that.
Mike,
you guys,
the master's done deal.
No doubt about it.
Smell you later.
When did you do it?
I went to the masters.
I don't remember.
I did.
I don't remember when it was.
A couple years ago, I did this NetJets package.
You're down there.
You go to the private parties.
The best part about the Masters is you go in and they take your phone.
Dude.
No phones.
They grab your phone.
Then all of a sudden, you know nobody in there has a phone.
Beers are 2.50.
They have these enormous lines for the beers and the food that they work through.
They just have it perfectly organized.
It's an absolute, like, factory, the way they roll people through.
And everything is sold.
Like, the prices really haven't changed.
You want MMs?
They got the Masters logo on them.
There's no logos in there, just the Masters, Augusta National.
So you walk around this beautiful golf course, this incredible property,
and you watch golf, at least for me, I love it.
And you don't even think about looking at your phone,
and you don't have to be like, oh, sorry, honey, I missed your text.
I thought you texted me a while ago.
I meant to call you last night, so I never checked in.
And you just enjoy the golf shots.
There you go.
All right, Mikey.
I think it's the easiest question in the world for me.
My birthday, 2017, down 28-3 with two minutes to go.
The Patriots come back to beat the Atlanta Falcons in the Super Bowl.
I was there for it.
It was also on my birthday.
I snuck into Robert Kraft's after party after.
So it was overall just the best night of my life.
All right, I'm going to have to toss it to you because I'm still trying to dig one up.
Yeah. My problem is a kill count. Can I do a kill story?
My issue is picking one from the many I've been to. Not a big deal. I mean, I've been fortunate
enough to see a lot of good stuff in my life. I mean, the Red Sox won the World Series for the
first time in 86 years,
probably the first one that comes to mind, but
I went to the
fucking snowball, Patriots versus Raiders,
one of the biggest major games
in NFL history. It was surreal to be
in a building. It was the last game ever
in that stadium, regardless, win or lose,
the snow coming down, the
fucking tuck rule. It was just so many crazy
things going on. That's definitely one that stands out.
Well, you're going to list them all or you're going to pick one?
I only listed fucking two.
I'll go with the Sox winning the World Series, man,
even over the Game 7 in New York, which I was also at.
So you got one, Biz?
Yeah, boys, I haven't been to that many live sporting events.
When I went and watched Green Bay Packers open up the season
against the Seattle Seahawks a few years back uh that was pretty cool it was on prime time it was
a thursday nighter and uh unfortunately the packers lost i'm a big packers fan but just going to the
hawks nest in seattle and seeing how crazy those fans were it was obviously it was the kickoff the
nfl season so there was a lot of emotion and a lot of buildup against a heavy matchup.
So I'd have to put that at the top of my list.
And maybe there's a better one.
I just can't think of it right now.
But pretty pathetic compared to your guys.
Yeah, well, we do live in Boston, I guess, so a lot of good opportunities to go.
No, not even being an ass.
It's just we've got four teams that have been doing pretty well.
Next up, we've got at Jack Manning.
This was a good one. This question's kind
of a do-over for you, Tool, in some regard.
All things considered, roster,
coach, living situation, fans,
if you were to be drafted
as a top prospect next draft, where
would you want to go?
I like this question. Let's go to Mikey first.
All right, Hamilton. I mean, obviously, I'd want to go play in Boston this question. Let's go to Mikey first. All right, Hamilton.
I mean, obviously, I'd want to go play in
Boston. I mean, I'm from Boston,
born and raised. I'd love to bring
up... You'd be in the league three weeks.
That's true.
Going out and linking Capo and the greatest far
would be a lot different.
45 tickets.
You have 45 tickets for all your degenerate
buddies who don't check in on the bill.
Let me change this. Let me change my buddies who don't check in on the bill. Time out. Let me change this.
Let me change my answer.
I still wouldn't pay the bill.
No, I think maybe I'd pick L.A.
I think I'd pick L.A. just because L.A. is one.
It's sick.
You'd be a baller in L.A., and I feel like it would be pretty cool to be like a professional athlete in L.A.
And I've never been to L.A.
All right.
I don't know if I'd want to go there.
Give them like the roster.
It looks like they might be in line for a rebuild.
That was part of his question here.
I'm going with Tampa Bay, man.
They're built for the next couple of years.
You can live right in the Gulf coast of Florida.
Beautiful weather every day.
Biz, no state tax, right?
You wouldn't say.
So if I could get drafted, man, I would love to get drafted by Tampa.
Be set up for the
next few years probably Nashville my second pick well where would you go with dog I was just
thinking I think it's Nashville that crowd and being able to totally like live your life you
could be a superstar in the NHL and you live this I mean I still don't think living in Nashville
you'd get recognized everywhere it's just um it just turned into one of the best hockey towns in the league.
And the bar seems great.
I mean, for going out, like the nightlife seems awesome
when you do want to go have fun.
There's smoke shows everywhere.
The weather's good.
It never gets that cold.
Travel's not that  I mean, the Western Conference can be bad,
but still, I mean, you're on sick jets, not a big deal.
Sickest food around, playing poker, winning thousands, SJR.
I'm probably Nashville.
If I was a top prospect and maybe a first overall pick,
boys, I think I would pick Vegas.
Cost of living's fairly reasonable.
Once again, no state tax.
And as far as the winnings concern i completely agree with
ra i think uh tampa is probably one of the teams although nashville's in the hunt the next few
years too so both great answers boys i just wanted to give you a different one uh the crowd's
unbelievable in vegas it's it's loud and and hey you're good uh you get to enjoy the strip. And if you're ready to live in a bubble, Montreal would be sick.
Oh, my God.
Your first overall pick went to Montreal and had a Hall of Fame career.
If you were Sidney Crosby in Montreal Canadiens, I mean, you're a flat out.
I'd have cauliflower growing off my cock if I lived in Montreal as a top prospect.
I don't imagine going to Super Sex
and everyone in there fucking sniping pictures
of you and shit.
You're going to be ready. You can't do anything.
You're going to have to go do
things in Europe in the summer.
You can't be in Canada anywhere.
You're a Montreal Canadian stud.
Definitely not. That'll wrap up
Hamilton for this week.
What else you got going on, boys?
Anything you want to share with the group?
Oh, we got to mention a Selly season winner.
Mikey, can you let us know?
Yeah, so we have a little problem here, boys.
So we've run into a bit of a tie here.
We have a tie.
The fans voted to a tie for Bobby Orr and Patrick Kane, 50 to
50. So, I mean, I think
it's only fitting that we
picked the winner here. I don't know about you,
but... You can't wait. How many
people voted online?
It's got to be thousands, no?
I'm going to have to pull that up.
Hold on one sec. I mean, that's pretty
crazy. Yeah, that's pretty wild
that it ended up 50-50.
Yeah, I don't know if they estimated it.
We already did vote.
We voted three to one.
They all said Orr.
I said Kaner.
You all said Orr.
Yeah. So who are we going to go with?
We're going to go with Bobby Orr as the winner?
Yeah, that's pretty predictable.
I think we can all live with that.
Yeah.
Budweiser Canada, that's your sell-y season winner.
There's been a few other good ones. There was a kid
in one of the minor leagues
who fucking
what did he do? He stroked
the stick like it was a cock?
Or that was the goalie who did that,
wasn't it? It was the goalie after a
shootout win. The kid came
down, the goalie stopped him, and he went
over to the opposing team's crowd
and jerked off his goalie stick into the crowd.
Oh, and then did the jizz motion.
Did he throw the jizz in the crowd, too?
Oh, yeah.
He gave him the migs.
Did he get suspended?
I'm not sure.
Miners, they gave him a raise.
I heard Budweiser Canada's pain is fine.
So I'm a Shabbat head.
Robert Gordon Orr, that works for Budweiser
so we had
8,845 total votes
and it was
50-50
that's an odd number
somebody had to have gotten more
turn the brain on buddy
you just said fucking math
to a math guy that was so wrong
and you think you're going to go slide by?
That's an odd number.
That cannot be a tie.
So blame Twitter.
I know.
I'm going to blame Twitter.
But the fact that you said it, and it was an odd number,
and didn't say, oh, that's weird.
You didn't even think that.
No, I swear.
I was thinking it in my head, but I didn't.
Really?
Yeah, I did.
You couldn't say something that dumb having thought, like,
while saying it, like, oh, I can't say an odd number.
I couldn't pull the trigger that
quick to stop it. The ball
was rolling and it was going too
fast. There's a term for that in the
radio world. It's like
you're falling off the branch or
something. Do you know what I'm talking about, Whit?
Yeah, that's not it, but I know what you're talking
about. Yeah.
I fucked that up too.
Shout out to the TSA agent this morning i had i had a
five my flight left at 5 20 in at logan to come down to orlando i didn't even know flight took
off before six um so going through tsa at four the guy's like hey so much for you only my first class, you pigeon, because I was in the JetBlue
terminal.
I was like, it's too
early for this, bud. There isn't even
a radio show I can listen to on
right now. How are you working here right now?
He was funny though.
JetBlue, so much for being a big dog.
That's great.
Good epi, boys. Hopefully everyone liked Cam Jansen. Make sure you get the F-bomb count That's great Good happy boys
Hopefully everyone liked Cam Jansen
And make sure to get the F-bomb count going
Yeah I just want to
Someone sent a tweet the other day
Happy 29th anniversary to the Simpsons
Who had their first episode
The anniversary the other night
And a farewell to the great Penny Marshall
Who passed away the other day
Guys from my generation grew up watching her, Laverne and Shirley.
She directed a couple of great movies, big and a league of their own.
So I just want to send a little love for her.
She was a hell of a talent.
I enjoyed her growing up as a kid.
All right, everybody, enjoy your weekend, and we'll catch up to you later.
Don't worry about a thing
Cause every little thing is gonna be alright.
And you don't worry about a thing.
Cause every little thing is gonna be alright.
