Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets was brought to you by our good friends at Blue Apron,
the number one fresh ingredient delivery service in the country.
Let me tell you a little bit about Blue Apron, whose mission is to make incredible home cooking
accessible to anyone and everyone. And as we all know, fresh, high-quality ingredients make a huge Thank you.
And for someone as indecisive as myself, that's something that can't be beat.
Blue Apron has special delivery options so you can choose what fits your needs.
Check out this week's menu and get your first three meals free with free shipping by going to blueapron.com slash chicklets.
And trust me when I say this, you're going to love how good it tastes.
And it feels to have home-cooked incredible meals.
So go to blueapron.com slash chicklets,
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
and get your free meals now.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
Hey, hey, mama said the way you move
Gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove
I'm tired of the way you shake that thing
Gonna make you burn, gonna make you stay
Hey, baby, when you walk that way I'm gonna make you stay.
Hey, baby, when you walk that way, watch Honeydrip.
Can't keep away.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to episode 14 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
What up, what up?
Say hello, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, guys?
You did, you did.
And Mikey Grinelli, our super-duper producer.
Today we have a very special guest.
Once again, we've been pat ourselves on the back.
We've been kind of killing it with the guests lately.
I hate to say it.
Just solid people with funny shit to say.
Hey, the hockey people are the best.
And this week we have John Bucciagras of ESPN fame,
who's also the big fan down in Connecticut at the ESPN building.
College hockey fan, too.
Huge, huge college hockey fan as well.
We didn't really get into the hockey because we're more of a little pro aspect of it. We got into the hockey.
We didn't get into the college.
Yeah, we talked a lot of hockey with Bucci.
People wouldn't be interested in that.
Yeah.
So he's another great guest we have on today.
We'll have him on in a little bit.
First off, we're going to talk about the goalie challenge.
El Presidente has his little goalie challenge he does with NHL players who come in and...
Where they stand 6,000 yards away from the shoot.
Wow, dude.
I couldn't do it.
I looked at the video.
Guys, you could tell they're just like, there's no chance of me scoring.
Putting tape down and you can shoot from here?
That's what happens when you own a company, you make the rules.
That's like what fucking carnivals do.
You can't win when they bend the rim so you can never hit a fucking shot.
How many are you putting up?
Dude, from that far, zero.
The reason we bring this up is because the Maple Leafs guys went in.
So Mitch Marner and Austin Matthews, two of these star rookies.
Matthews being on a different level.
He's one of the best players in the league.
We'll go into him in a minute.
I think Marner didn't score.
Well, the first time he didn't.
Then he went like 5 for 10 the second time.
So he figured out.
Maybe they let him move up.
But I don't want to do that from that far away.
You can do street hockey balls.
They're using tennis balls.
Why no breakaways?
Marner was shooting up front the first time.
Then he moved to the side.
You know what I mean?
So he could put more into it.
He had to get that ass into it.
He did.
He did.
No breakaways.
Like, you can't use breakaways.
No, I mean, breakaways, I think, would just be, like, harmony.
Well, I mean, if it's a goalie challenge, it's all breakaways.
I mean, I don't know, man.
So anyways.
How about these kids, though?
Dude, they're unbelievable. Like, that's what, you know, we talk about with Boots later is, like, challenge it all breakaways i mean i don't know man so anyways these kids though oh dude yeah
unbelievable like that's what you know we talk about with boots later is like these maple leaves
seem like they're ahead of schedule i mean no one expected i mean we were i mean i'd love to go back
cornell you gotta pull our clips from like i mean i i think i was just i was like kidding
i was just joking of course. But they play hard.
And you got it.
Bucci said it.
You'll hear it.
I love that we just keep teasing this.
But they outwork teams.
And it is Babcock.
As much as he can be a prick, he gets these guys to play hard.
Part of it is that they're so young, I think, that they're really, you know,
they're guys that necessarily are listening to their coach maybe a little more
than you are after a 12-year career,
12 years into your career.
But I never thought Masters would be this good this quick,
and he's changed the whole team.
Morgan Riley got hurt last night, though, against Buffalo.
Stud defenseman.
I think that you're going to start hearing his name more and more
the more the Leafs are involved in big games.
But they can't really afford to miss him for a long time.
His knee looked like it got buckled.
Hopefully he's all right.
But Matthew's goal last night on one foot, he didn't even have his weight behind the
shot, just a flick of the wrist.
It's like Joe Sackett.
He shoots the puck like Joe Sackett.
The shot's amazing.
And Mark Crawford, who used to coach Joe Sackett with the Avalanche, he coached Matthews in
Switzerland last year and said the same thing.
This kid shoots the puck like Joe Sackick.
And that along with his vision, I mean, he's like,
you hear a little less about McDavid, I think, because of how good he's been.
I don't know.
That's just my opinion on the Leafs.
Do you think they're going to make the playoffs?
I do.
Absolutely.
I do.
They're on track for like 100 points right now.
I know, but they're 9-1 in their last 10.
So you see teams go on runs like this.
We've seen it this year with Philly, and look what they've done since.
So as much as it's a run that can kind of change a season,
it doesn't necessarily mean you're an elite team.
I mean, they have five games in hand on the Bruins right now,
and they're one point behind them in the standings for second place.
Can the league figure out a way to not have, like, five games in hand?
That's ridiculous.
Yeah, it is screwy.
And then you see, like, these teams, they're having, like,
week-long breaks and stuff now.
Yeah, they now have, like, they have bye weeks.
Bye weeks.
Yeah, yeah.
Where was I?
I missed that one.
I would have loved a couple bye weeks.
Yeah, it is definitely screwed up, that team that has that many games in hand.
But, I mean, you know, at the end of the day, everybody plays the same.
And, you know, it just kind of skews you when you're playing
that playoff game. Like, because, you know,
you have no idea. Like the Bruins, for example,
yeah, they're second in the Atlantic right now.
But technically, they
don't control
their own fate. I know some...
It's only, you know, halfway through the season. It's like, yeah,
but still, that's how the NHL is
now. You're actually looking at the playoff race in November and December.
It's so hard to get back into it.
Exactly.
Once you fall out, it's almost impossible to get back in.
But, yeah, Toronto, they are third in the Atlantic.
Actually, Ottawa crept into the eighth seed because the range is a slide.
We can get to them later.
Hey, Lundqvist.
But like Grinelli said,
the key with Toronto is all those games
in hand. Even if they go 500
in those games in hand, then they're still in a
playoff spot. But yeah, I
think they're going to get in. I really do.
It's good for the league to have Toronto
on the playoffs. You remember
when they have playoff games out there,
the entire outside of the buildings is
full. I remember that from when the Bruins came back and beat them.
It was just silent Canadian faces walking away, drunk, miserable that the Leafs lost.
But it's exciting for that team to be in the playoffs.
I root for them to get in.
I just wonder if they're going to be able to last.
I think that Frederick Anderson's been great after a tough start to the beginning of the year.
But since then, he's been a rock.
And if Riley's out, I don't know if you're going to see them continue to win games
because that's a 24-minute guy.
Not necessarily always 24 minutes, but they're number one defensemen.
Yeah, and I was going to say, they don't really have a number one defenseman right now.
They're not deep enough on the back end to lose it all like that for say like four weeks
or even like three weeks.
You've heard actually a lot
of trade chatter about
the Leafs going out and trying to acquire
a defenseman and who knows.
There's a lot of big names being thrown around at the trade
deadline as well right now with Duchesne,
Landisca, guys like that, Jacob Truba.
The number one
most interesting trade possibility of a trade guy for me
is Kevin Shattenkirk.
And I don't think a ton of people know that much about him
because he kind of plays a little second fiddle to Petrangelo in St. Louis.
I never could say his name right now.
Some people say Peterangelo, Petrangelo.
Everyone knows who we're talking about.
I can't even say Peter Angelo.
I know. We've got
Gary Busey coming up later.
So this guy
legit
stud defenseman, plays all
situations, runs the power play.
So St. Louis right now, he's an unrestricted
free agent. I don't think they're going to be able to afford to
sign him. St. Louis went to the Western
Conference Final last year, and I think that you're I don't know if're going to be able to afford to sign him. St. Louis went to the Western Conference final last year,
and I think that you're  I don't know if they're saying it,
but you're starting to see that they don't necessarily have a team
that can do that this year.
So you're going to have to figure out at some point,
are we going to try to make a cup run and keep him,
or are we going to trade him and get something for him
because we're going to lose him in the summer?
Because if they do trade him, any team in the league that needs a defenseman
automatically is making offers to try to grab him, especially team in the league that needs a defenseman automatically is making offers
to try to grab him, especially as a rental.
I mean, Edmonton, they probably need him more than any other team just to have a...
Edmonton's going to make the playoffs.
We don't talk about them.
They're actually coming through, and this isn't ending from that great start they had.
They're still playing and winning big games.
McDavid's just such a difference maker there.
But if they could add a big blue line guy, then all of a sudden you're looking at Edmonton can maybe win a round in the playoffs.
Their goaltending's been great.
So Shattenkirk, I think you'll see a ton of interest in.
And then with Landiscaug and Duchesne,
I mean, these are guys that were considered the core of Colorado.
The team's been horrendous this year, and both guys probably have underachieved.
But you see Duchesne score a goal the other night against Ottawa that shows.
Unbelievable.
I mean, this guy's an elite player.
Landis Cox had  he's a funny player.
You know, a former really high pick that
Number two overall.
He's a great two-way player, but offensively you're not getting a ton.
I don't know if you ever will.
Maybe a 50-, 60-point guy, but it's a lot to give up.
People are saying if you're
A lot of people think that it might
and this is just stuff I've seen on Twitter,
is that there's a rift in the locker room between McKinnon, Landis, Cog, and Duchesne wanting to be the alpha dog.
Does that happen in NHL locker rooms where someone wants to be the big dick swinging alpha dog?
I can't imagine.
I think that the closest I've ever seen to it, and it wasn't a disagreement.
You and Colby Armstrong doing an ass-off?
Yeah.
Me and Malone, most bloodshot eyes.
Oh, I'm sorry.
So I think that Crosby and Malkin were very competitive against each other.
But in the end, Malkin knows deep down this is Sid's team.
I'm a great player.
In terms of a rift like that, I've never actually seen or really even heard of that.
I think that more than anything, if you've got three highly paid young guys
who are looked upon to be elite players, like those three guys in Colorado,
and you're losing, then all of a sudden, and you're not performing,
then it's just like it's miserable to come in every day and, well,
I'm playing with this guy.
He's getting more ice time than me.
And I'm not saying that's happening, but, you know,
elite players making a lot of money with pressure on them like those guys,
it's been probably a horrible year to be a part of.
And going back to Landersquad,
he's a guy who's been specifically mentioned as possibly coming to Boston.
And I'm not a big rumor guy.
I don't like trying to write stuff and say I heard or allude to hearing something.
But really, I'm just trying to start a rumor like a lot of writers do.
I take it from certain writers have a lot of credibility.
Certainly, Bobby McKenzie's the holy grail of hockey writers.
You've got to get him on.
We'd love to get him on.
Darren Drager, P.L. LeBrun, Elliot Freedom.
Those guys are legit.
And Adrian Data, who works for the Bleach Report,
now worked for the Denver Post for a long time,
he's just wired in with the Avalanches,
probably any writer's ever been in their existence.
And he's reporting on a lot of this stuff.
And he's been coming out and saying publicly on Twitter, like, they need to trade, like,
at least one.
Like, this is, at some point, you've got to break up a core that isn't doing anything.
Right.
So there certainly seems to, where there's smoke, there's fire.
Well, there definitely seems to be, you know, fire going to be coming.
Fire on the mountain, so to speak, in Colorado.
A little grateful dead fire there, you Berno Grinelli.
So anyways, Gabriel Landis' squad, I think he's due 5.5 million
in the next three or four years.
He's essentially going to be a second-line left winger here in Boston
worthy to acquire him.
So you're trading Brandon Carlo for him?
That's what I'm getting to.
Well, first data said Carlo was off.
No, they weren't.
I know.
Then yesterday, well, he kind of couched the language a little.
A lot of people kind of took it to mean as fact.
He said, word on the street that Carlo, quote, may be in talks.
Now, that's vague.
It's like, well, word on the street is in may be.
He didn't say he was told by a source on that one.
Exactly.
A lot of people don't know how to coach that.
I walked in just to let everyone know, and I mentioned we got some trade rumors, boys,
and R.A. starts going off.
So you have some rules that you like to bring up in terms of sources?
Well, as far as I like to tell people on Twitter, believe about 5 of what you read, because
most of the shit doesn't.
Everyone who's writing it.
Well, like I just said, yeah.
If those aforementioned Canadian guys are writing it, it's pretty solid.
It is solid.
It's always good information.
Just because it doesn't happen, though, doesn't necessarily mean it wasn't discussed.
Right.
Very true.
Right.
But a lot of times it's just, you know, guys take minimal facts and run with it because they  you know, the whole blind squirrel thing.
There's a lot of that that goes on, especially with the internet.
All I'm saying is, you know, don't believe most of what you read when it comes to rumors because a lot of it is pure bullshit.
Again, what Grinnelli said, a lot of it does  it's spurred from guys actually talking. You know, because so many scenarios are mentioned,
and sometimes things are intentionally leaked and writers have manipulated it or whatever.
I just hate hearing, like, oh, director of player personnel for the Stars is at the game tonight to watch.
Yeah, that's their job.
Dude, no shit they're there.
They probably were going to be there when they made their schedule a month and a half ago.
That's like, those are the most, oh, we got a lot of scouts at the game tonight.
Oh, no shit.
You got some scouts.
Got a trade deadline coming up.
I never got that.
Oh, shit.
Breaking news.
Yeah, that's literally every game at every arena.
Yeah, oh, really?
The scouts did?
The people doing their job?
Hey, look, there's a guy selling popcorn down there.
Look at that.
Something else, huh?
Holy shit.
That guy's waffled.
He just threw his beer on the ice. Oh, he's getting kicked out. Yep, same exact thing. There's sc guy selling popcorn down there. Look at that. Something else, huh? Holy shit. That guy's waffled. He just threw his beer on the ice.
Oh, he's getting kicked out.
Yep, same exact thing.
There's scouts there.
There's waffled people at hockey games.
John Ferguson was there.
John Ferguson was there at the Avalanche game last night with Colorado.
He's the Bruins, you know, one of the nine million titles they got there.
So, you know, I don't know if there's anything to that.
He does kind of make me
a little nervous. That's like an omen because John Ferguson Jr. was in charge of Toronto
when he traded Tuukka Rask for Andrew Raycroft. So, you know, might want to double check his
own work.
If the Bruins trade Marshawn, Bergeron, Pasternak, McAvoy, or Jacob Forsberg or Carlson, who's
playing for BU also, like, you have a right to snap as a Bruins fan.
They cannot trade any good players.
Carlo, too.
No.
All right.
We're going to go into this with Bucci.
Yeah, we're going to talk a little more with Bucci,
and we can pick up.
We got Gary Bucci coming on now.
After we're done with him, we can talk a little more about Claude.
But now we're going to bring you John Bucciagross.
We can talk a little more about Claude.
But now we're going to bring you John Bucciaross.
And now Spittin' Checklets is very pleased to bring you our next guest from ESPN.
For a very long time, he's an ESPN resident hockey guy, John Bucciaross.
Say hello, John.
Hello, John.
So I thought this was going to be a video Skype thing.
No, unfortunately, you do not get to see what Rear Admiral looks like right now.
You should consider yourself fortunate you don't have to look at us three in the morning, John.
I wouldn't have gotten dressed had I known.
Now, Booch, I just want to first off let you know we're recording live from South Boston, Massachusetts.
Now, I don't think a lot of local guys or local viewers, listeners, are aware.
You're basically, I mean, you're a Boston guy through and through, correct?
Aren't each of your parents from a Boston neighborhood?
Yeah, Mom and Dad both grew up in Southie.
Dad went to Boston Latin, played goalie without a mask,
and then he went on to have a nice career with the South Boston Chippewas.
Part of the Park League, a really big deal. Football league in the 50s before the patriots came along so yeah they uh all my relatives my parents were the only siblings who who left uh boston and raised us out in the midwest
and then they came back and i came back with them after i graduated from college
no way really so i always i always knew you had ties to here, and I know you're deep down. You're a Bruins fan, aren't you, deep down in there?
I love all 30 teams equally, Ryan.
You know that.
You're such a good politician, Bucci.
That's why I love you.
But I was telling the guys before, I don't know if you'd remember.
Do you happen to remember how we met?
And I'm going to tell everyone if you don't.
met and i'm going to tell everyone if you don't i the way i remember how we met was the uh for the first time was the 2002 all-star game in sunrise florida um if i got it right or was it la in 2001
and you were you just came up to me i think there was a practice or something going on
and you just mentioned that you read and enjoyed my column,
and that's what I recall.
All right, so you're half right.
That's what I did. I was a big
reader of Bucci's column.
It was once a week. What was it called on
ESPN.com back then?
The Blogum.
What was it called? I can't remember.
It was at the Stanley Cup Finals, Red Wings
versus Hurricanes. You were just chilling on the glass. I'm like, yo, Bucci, I can't remember. It was at the Stanley Cup Finals, Red Wings versus Hurricanes.
You were just chilling on the glass.
I'm like, yo, Boochie, I love your shit.
Thanks for writing it.
And since then, we've become buddies.
So I've always appreciated your writing.
You know that.
So that was 2002.
I had the year right.
You had the year right.
You were in a lot of cities that year, I'm sure.
So you just had to.
I really thought it was Florida.
I thought you were part of like, I don't know why you would have been there,
but I guess, why were you at the finals?
Because that's when, I think they still do it, actually.
The guys who they think are going to be the top five picks in the draft,
they come and they meet with Don Cherry and all that stuff.
So I think you probably thought it was Florida because of my nice tan I had going.
You look Mediterranean.
Just airy.
Booch, earlier in the show, we were talking about the suddenly resurgent Toronto Maple Leafs.
I know they haven't secured a playoff spot yet, but just the place they're at right now,
did you see them being this good this early with Marner and, of course, Matthews and just all the youngsters?
I mean, it seems like they're way ahead of schedule here.
Yeah, I mean, I thought Matthews would be good right away,
especially after I saw him at the World Cup.
I realized he was going to come in and be one of the best players in the league.
I think I had him for 70 points before the season.
Not this many goals for sure, but what we're finding out,
and we don't know for sure, is that he's a shooter first.
He's a score.
He's a goal scorer.
And he's a big guy who hangs around the slot, strong hands.
Actually, I was watching the game last night,
and I thought he looked like he uses a longer stick than Norma
because his radius was  I can't believe how long his radius is.
And I said, well, his stick must be longer.
So I actually sent him a DM saying, do you use a longer than average stick for your height?
And he DMed me back and said, actually, he uses maybe a shorter one or an average one.
He just has really long arms.
He's got long, absolute monkey arms.
I don't understand how he like does things with the puck.
That's rare for hockey.
Isn't it, Ryan? I mean, like most of my hockey buddies are stumpy arms. I don't understand how he does things with the puck. That's rare for hockey, isn't it, Ryan?
Most of my hockey buddies are stumpy arms.
They're like alligators.
I just don't understand the things he can do with the puck when I'm watching him.
I know McDavid has way more, I think, flash in a way and speed.
He's more dynamic and he's been talked about more.
But Matthews, as much as he was hyped hyped i don't even think it was enough and maybe it was because
he was coming from switzerland it didn't play college or junior so not as many people saw him
as draft year but i i when you said 70 points i i was like oh that's actually low after seeing him
at the world cup just like you said he was dominating that tournament yeah exactly and
you mentioned
the arms because he kind of you know taves was always every time i talk to a college coach they
go jonathan tapes jonathan tapes jonathan tapes and um and what we find out is we talk about you
mentioned the long arms i shook his hand at the world cup media day and he's big strong you know
hands as well so just a real strong kid with those long arms and like you said he's underrated in terms of what he does with that puck is really really uh really magical but he also has
that blue collar hang around the slot thing too where he's a thick body he's hard to move so really
is a package of uh of hands and physical attributes and size that that's going to serve him well for obviously a long time.
I couldn't agree more.
And so we've been talking throughout the year, like Toronto,
like what will happen earlier in the year.
We were saying, what will they be?
I don't know.
So Matthews, as good as he is, I still don't think it's time.
I know Toronto should be like so pumped for the future
and how it looks there.
But if they do make the playoffs
this year i don't think they win around do you do you think they get in first off if you were to say
right now yeah i just tweeted this morning you know the caps blue jackets and penguins are locks
they're uh they're absolutely in and then i had i had toronto as i are as and our rangers are
probably in that's my fourth and then with tor then with Toronto, I think they're in.
And then the rest, I don't know.
Because right now, the math adds up for them.
They're in good shape math-wise.
You mentioned Matthews is going to be one of the best players in the league.
Mitch Marner's IQ is off the charts.
I can't believe his hockey sense, how good it is.
Now, Riley got hurt last night.
Will they do anything to add to get better,
or do they want to stay the course and not sacrifice any assets or a draft pick?
I'm not sure about the goalie.
He could win a playoff round like you said.
So playoffs unlikely.
But I tell you, when I watch them, they play so hard.
To me, they play harder than the other team on most nights,
and that's probably a reflection. The coach and Shanahan, the whole organization,
has so much accountability that they bring it every night.
Busey, the past few weeks we've heard a lot of big names being thrown around.
Busey, by the way.
Grinnelli just called you Busey.
They know who we are.
Bucci.
Bucci.
Hey, congratulations on that Academy Award nomination for the Buddy Holly story, by the way.
So, Bucci.
There you go.
Okay, is that better?
So, a lot of big names getting thrown around with the trade deadline coming around.
We've heard Landis Gog.
We've heard Duchesne.
Do you think any of these big names get dealt?
And if so, who do you think gets dealt?
Well, you mentioned two Avalanche players.
I'm not sure if I'm the Avalanche owner, if I'm going to let anybody currently running the
Avalanche make a trade. That's one thing. If I'm an owner, if I'm involved, do I trust the guys to
make a trade now? Do I trust them in three to five years to run my team? If you don't, you might want
to say, let's hold off on these trades until i evaluate you further um
but i think there are so many teams on the bubble i guess it can go either way um do we hang tight
and try to make the playoffs or do we recognize that we might not win a playoff round and do it
from that standpoint or do we really try to to you know stay where we are and try to hopefully get in
the playoffs um or is it can the is there are not enough teams
out completely to really make a move so it's really hard to say luckily hockey gms and that's
what i think stinks about maybe the new era of hockey gms which makes it less fun is that the
old old guard was so emotional they did stuff so you know just on a whim that it'd be so pissed
after a loss that would make these outlandish trades.
And that's what made it so awesome and fun.
Now I think they're smarter and more analytical and I think more long-term.
I can just see, like, Bobby Clark, like, three whiskeys, like,
fucking trade him, he's sucked tonight, that's it.
And the assistant GM's like, he's got seven goals in his last nine games.
Tonight he was minus two.
I don't care.
Trade me right fucking now.
Booch, there's been a lot of scuttlebutt here in Boston
as to the future of Claude Julien and the Bruins
and whether he should remain or how long he should remain.
What's your take on Claude Julien here in Boston?
Is he going to be here for the long haul for the next generation of kids,
or are they going to go with a fresher voice at some point?
After Monday's game, it was such a dud, an emotional dud on all levels.
It's a game like that that brings these questions up.
And then, of course, playing Detroit, Pittsburgh, and Chicago the next three games,
and they'll probably win six points.
But what's your take or your opinion on the situation?
Well, I really like Claude.
When you meet him in person, he has like an energy and a vibrancy to him,
which I always like from coaches.
I don't think it's a guy  sometimes the guys,
they appear to be dead fish behind the bench,
and you wonder how much they can really bring.
Now, every coach probably has an expiration date at every organization for whatever reason um and they do have a lot of young guys coming up
and and maybe they could use a younger voice that the players perceive i don't know ryan would
probably answer that better than me in terms of that dynamic when you have a guy who's obviously
a good coach probably go in the hall of fame uh especially if he coaches 10 more years um he has
a he has an enthusiasm about him.
He's like a Three Stooges character where he's just always moving,
and I like him a lot,
but I don't know what Don Sweeney and Cam Neely are thinking.
Well, I've said before that he's a coach that if he were to be fired,
it's like seven days later somebody might fire their coach
just so they can hire him.
So in a way, he's an elite coach around the league. But right now, sometimes there just
needs to be a change. And unfortunately, in pro sports... Well, actually, I shouldn't even say
unfortunately. I don't really care. But in a way, coaches get fired first. They do. I mean,
players, you can't... It's easier to fire a coach than it is to trade players. So that might be
their final move to try to change something. But
in the end, I don't think that
it would be the right move. I just don't.
I think the Avalanche would sign
him the next day. But maybe they could get Landis
for Claude.
Speaking of fired coaches, Jack
Capuano just got fired as well.
I'm going to miss that accent.
Happy.
He's going back to the sub shop.
Yeah.
What do you think the next step for the Islanders is there?
And, you know, any names you think that could besides, you know, we've heard Gerard Gallant get mentioned there.
But any other names you think could coach down there?
Yeah.
That place is such a mess.
I can't figure it out.
It has no traction.
It has no just it feels like a weird boat out to sea, and I don't know who would want  of course, anyone would want the job.
I love when people say, why would Rex Ryan take that job?
Oh, because it's 3 million a year.
Where's he going to make 3 million a year?
And where's anybody going to really turn down a job, a head coaching job?
So, yeah, they could  and it's interesting to see if they went kind of the college route,
if they would, one of these college coaches that I think could coach in the league, especially
after what Haxtell is doing a little bit in Philadelphia, not that they're a juggernaut
or anything and they give up a million goals.
But, you know, you wonder if they would explore that or do they go the quote-unquote retread
or what.
But they need at some point to get something.
Of course, the first thing for them is what is Tavares going to do?
Is he going to sign long-term?
Nope.
Do they need to then trade him this offseason?
How could you if you're Hambucci, right?
Yeah.
I mean, this guy is a world-class.
I mean, he's a complete superstar.
Nobody knows about him because he's stuck there.
And he's making like  what's he make?
I think he's making six or six and a half right now.
Like talk about a pay increase he's going to get.
But he wants to win.
He's competitive.
He's won with Team Canada.
I'm sure he's just sick of this.
Right.
So they have to sit down and talk with him.
And make him your best offer this summer.
And if not, then you're trying to deal him at some point.
And then you start over.
And then I think that would best explain what kind of coach you look at
and what kind of direction you're going to go.
But, yeah, right now they're lost at sea, and he must be so frustrated.
Boo, just switching gears a little bit, just as far as ESPN and hockey,
I know  and I always defend you.
I know you're always a hockey guy, always will be a hockey guy.
I know Van Pelt's certainly been increasing his knowledge with his own hour,
and you come on and give him some NHL education.
But since the NHL and ESPN sort of parted ways at the lockout in 06,
a lot of hockey fans are still down on ESPN because of the decrease in coverage overall.
I mean, I know there's some of it there, but it's clearly not what it used to be.
So short of the NHL and ESPN making another deal,
will we ever see hockey fans ever see the NHL covered
the way it used to be by ESPN?
Well, I know.
I do the 11 o'clock show at night,
and we show almost every night every highlight of every game.
Like you mentioned Van Pelt,
unless it's a big national championship night or something, he he gives a pretty good prop especially when barry and i are
around we can come in and uh and do the highlights with him or and for him uh so you know we do a
very good job at 11 o'clock i think what you know the point is is because there's so much sports
center and tv during the day that's where it gets judged and that's fair but you know hockey is just not part of the
uh non-highlight discussion um even when i listen to radio or local radio in boston
um i'm not going to hear a lot of bruins talk no occasionally but not right now you hear none
till the patriots are done and then spring training starts there might be a gap if they're
unless they're really good they'll get on it. But if they're not, they're off.
So I think it's a common thing throughout the country is that it's not part of the narrative of the sports fan during the day.
People don't talk about it a lot, unfortunately.
But there are places to go.
NHL.com is a great website.
NHL Unserious, you can listen to that driving to work.
You can listen to you guys.
There's more podcasts than ever.
There's never been a better time to be a hockey fan in terms of highlights and discussion.
The debate and the complaint always strikes me as kind of odd because there are so many places to get great hockey content.
I think the criticism is just like that of how it changed.
The coverage basically changed.
And I know it's not your call.
I'm not putting you on the hook for it, Butch.
It's just that, I mean, as a guy who used to watch it,
and you saw X amounts of coverage, and then, like I said,
once the deal changed, it was like, okay,
the kind of journalism could take it away, and it was like,
all right, we're just going to cover the leagues.
We cover more.
I think they cover what's popular in the country.
I mean, hockey's not that popular of a sport and that's it's a national show i mean that's just what i
thought but it is true with nhl network that's incredible i'm telling you i you're he's shaking
his head at me but i really honestly think why would a national sport cover national sport show
cover a sport that isn't that popular makes no sense sense. And part of it is we're not invested in the league.
We pay billions of dollars to the NFL, billions for the NBA,
and billions for college football.
And so, yeah, we want those sports to do well first because we spend so much money.
We want people to watch the games that are going to be on our air.
But we're still going to cover the outside the lines we'll cage and do a hockey thing and and
we do highlights espn news dirt from 7 to 10 we'll show highlights with barry in progress highlights
so so and like ryan said if 10 million people watch the game a night we would have we would
talk about nhl more we will talk about popular things first and then the rest will kind of
squeeze in
as it gets squeezed in. And certainly when I'm on the show, I'm going to get it in just because
I'm going to say things off the cuff and suggest things and use my influence, whatever I have,
to get a highlight or something in the show. Some college kid scores four goals. I'll be able
to alert them. We'll be able to track down the video and get it in the show. So obviously,
having more people like me from the producer level and having more real hardcore hockey fans is how you'll get a little bit more in the show as well.
So I do what I can.
Booch, I appreciate the candle, honestly.
Thank you for the answer, really.
I think that one question I have, I know we're keeping you a little too long,
but the one other thing is that you're a huge
proponent. Is that what a supporter
is? Yeah, a proponent.
You're a huge proponent
of more goals in the NHL.
You're constantly
bringing up ways to change
what you think. We talked this summer
when we golfed about it.
See, I'm on the end of it. I
love a 2-1 game.
I think a great 2-1 game is unreal,
and I don't necessarily think there needs to be more goals.
But you've also given me some pretty impressive ideas, so I'd love you to share those, what some of your thoughts are
on getting more goals back into the NHL.
Yeah, I just think that the offense in the entertainment business,
which is what it is, and the landscape has never been more splintered.
You know, we have gardening and and pave your driveway channels and uh you know there's there's the world is so splintered now so many slices of entertainment pizza now not like when
i grew up there were six now there's 600 and so i think the offense always needs to have a bit of
an advantage and in hockey it's the complete opposite.
The defense has all the advantage.
I love a 2-1 game or any game.
Any score can be good.
My point is that an 8-7 game isn't repulsive and it's not offensive.
And not to be ironical there.
You know what that word is, Brian?
No, forget it. I'll move on.
Time to think.
So, yeah, I just think the offense
like, why do we allow hand passes
in the defensive zone but not the offensive zone?
There's all kinds of little things like that
that defense always has the advantage.
And the scoring has been going down
and so obviously
my biggest thing is if we just make the net
a little bit bigger by an inch.
Oh, Bucci!
That's fucked up.
As I wrote 15 years ago, about 15 years ago, I wrote,
in 50 years, there's going to be a goalie from China who is 6'10", 340,
who moves like Baryshnikov.
Like, that's coming.
Like, we see the goalies getting bigger.
We're going to have a 6'10", 300-pound goalie within 50 years.
And then what do you do?
15 years ago, it was you had to be a big guy as a player, and you had to be a small goalie.
And it's the complete opposite 15 years later.
They cover more net.
People get smarter as we go along, and they realize, yeah, we should just get a guy that covers as much net as possible
and play the advantages and play the odds.
So that's the biggest one.
Now, people talk about goalie equipment.
If you make it smaller, then yes, you do make the net bigger.
So, okay.
But I'll see that when I believe it.
And to me, while I've been waiting for that to happen, it was, like I said, just make the net bigger by an inch.
No one would know.
They lowered the mound when the batting champ, when Carl Yastrzemski hit 301 to win the batting title,
they lowered the mound.
mound when the batting champ, when Carl Yastrzemski hit 3-0-1 to win the batting title,
they roll with the mound.
To get more offense in football, you can't touch
a guy after five yards before you can maul
him down the field. Basketball added a three-point
line, took away the hand check.
All sports do things to give offense
a bit of an edge,
except hockey. It's the one sport that
didn't do that. Well, he took out the red line.
That was great.
That was great, and we see some great passes and they tried different things in the first two years you
couldn't touch anybody so we had all these stats that were really out of whack that's what people
say well but then the record books will be different firstly no one cares about yeah that's
the stupid that's the dumbest argument who cares it's all relative anyways yeah when when you know
when matt ryan passes dan marino on the all-time passing
yards list no one gets offended and holds protests and they they understand they're smart enough to
understand the difference and if anyway today's player is getting cheated in the in the historical
aspect of things because they're going to be looked there's going to be guys who play in the
80s and 90s who scored 100 more career goals and then they weren't nearly the player they were
and the guys in the 80s and 90s loved that.
They're like, check out my hockey DB, man.
I had 90 points one year.
Want to get out of here?
70 of them.
The goalie, he wasn't even in the net.
Speaking of records, Booch, after hockey, I would say your next best interest is music.
Would that be a correct assumption?
Great segue.
It's probably a tie.
I don't know what I can live without more.
Now, I mean, I tend to skew older.
I know you're very hip with all the new bands.
I mean, it seems like every week you're introducing your viewers,
your readers to something new.
Who are your top three?
I mean, you're stuck on a desert island, and you can't get any hockey.
You can only listen to three bands for the rest of your life.
Who are they?
Wow.
That's a good one.
You know, I'd probably go especially  I'd go
R.E.M. would probably be my number one band, like for whatever reason.
Sometimes you just  bands choose you.
You choose the band.
You realize that's really the band that I associate with most,
and I like the dynamic of the band and the whole history and how they got better, how they improved.
I like that aspect, how the band members got along.
For some reason, that's probably my band.
And then really, again, you too.
That's just another  for me, it was right in my wheelhouse of a college kid, a high school kid, a young adult.
Love you too.
They're going back on tour, Bucci.
Gillette.
Joshua Tree anniversary tour this year.
My goal is to see them in, like, five different places.
I want to go see them in the Rose Bowl.
Hey, let's tee it up.
Let's tee it up in the morning here and then go to Gillette that night,
whenever that is.
Okay, so he's got you two, Ari.
I'm just dying to hear his third.
I'll take care of those tickets, Ryan.
We'll be 15th row, bud.
All right, I got the pro V1. I'm a big U2 tickets, Ryan. We'll be 15th row, bud. I got the pro-v one.
I'm a big U2 fan too, Booch.
That's like anything.
The third one's the toughest one.
Where do I go?
Do I go all the way back to the Beatles who I like to kind of, I think, set the foundation for all kinds of music after they came?
They were like a revolution of where bands could go conceptually and do anything you want to
do and uh you know drugs no that really expanded their horizons i think that kind of went hand in
hand but all right so gun to your head beatles you know you know led zeppelin is so good 70s and then do I go something different like different genre
I don't know
Ice Cube
it's too early
give me some help
I don't know man I like current stuff
I'm a big current music guy
I kind of like who's popular but U2 is my
go to what about Bruce Springsteen
yeah like on a scale
of one to ten, I'm like a five to six Bruce guy.
Me too. I'm not a fanatic, but
I appreciate him. I know every word to Born to Run
album, but there's some albums
I don't have. But I'm pretty, like I said,
five to six, pretty good fan, but not in that
worship status.
Imagine a desert island, though, with no booze
or anything, just music.
I don't know about that one.
These are these concepts.
Yeah. Okay.
We're going to have one or two other quick
ones, and then we'll let you run.
You're starting a franchise today.
Who do you take?
What player do you take number one overall if you're starting
a franchise with today's current NHL
players?
I go Matthews.
Well, okay.
Love that.
That's a great pick, too.
I mean, I got to go McDavid to battle you in the cup finals.
Yeah, I thought you would have said McDavid, but I like the Matthews pick.
And then if you're building an all-time NHL history,
who do you take number one overall?
Man, it's so hard.
I think Mario was the most talented player ever,
and if he was never hurt and stuff.
But, you know, one reason I picked Matthews,
it's kind of like the same reason why Wayne was so good,
was he was just maniacal every second on every inch of the ice
where it meant so much to him.
And every time he went over the boards, he wanted to score.
And I always kind of like those guys.
I kind of am attracted to those kinds of athletes who just  it matters all the time.
And they just have this high level of intensity at every aspect of the ice,
whether they're trying to lift a guy's stick, whether they're trying to score,
whether they're trying to make a pass, use their body, always in it.
whether trying to score or whether trying to make a pass, use their body,
always in it.
And so I'd probably go, in his prime, I'd probably go Wayne first.
Okay.
How can you not?
Although Rears ball, Rears or.
That's just in my blood.
I'm a Mario guy, personally. I just remember him a little better than I remember Gretzky.
And I think playing for Pittsburgh and then just hearing old stories about him,
it's just he's always been the greatest to me.
But we really appreciate this, Bucci.
For anyone who isn't aware, this guy is one of the most thoughtful people I know.
He does great work on SportsCenter.
Check out his writing on ESPN.com and his Twitter handle, at Bucci Gross.
Which, by the way, what a badass thing to just get your last name as your Twitter handle.
No need for numbers or anything.
No ESPN, no numbers.
I won't be there forever.
You know, my contract's up July 1st.
I'm a UFA boy, so you never know where I could end up.
Yeah, John, let me ask you before you go.
You know, big Tom Brady guy here.
I know a lot of your coworkers aren't necessarily fans of my good friend Tommy.
You're a New England guy.
How do you feel about Tom Brady?
How do you feel about the coverage of Tom Brady?
And overall, is Tom Brady the greatest human being to walk the earth?
Well, he's the greatest living American.
He's not the greatest human to walk the earth.
That would be Jesus.
Oh, true, true.
You got me on that one. Maybe he's top three. But, yeah, he's the the greatest human to walk the earth uh that'd be jesus oh true true you got me on that one maybe he's top three but yeah he's the greatest living american but uh no i i can't
think of one person in our building that has anything against tom brady at espn so i never
hear it um no he's he's thought of i can't think of an athlete who's thought of higher
within the walls of espn all right i think yeah bob lee has a poster of higher within the walls of ESPN. All right, buddy.
Yeah, Bob Lee has a poster of him sunbathing in Italy, I think.
Go press again, buddy.
Anytime.
John, thanks so much.
We'll see you on ESPN or on the Twitter machine.
Have a great day, and we thank you all again.
You ruined my day to try to think of a third band.
I guess so.
We're still waiting, bud. Maybe you can mull it over and you can hit
us up on the Twit Machine. When was the last time you ordered clothes online and got to try them on
before paying for them? Never, right? Well, that's exactly what jackthreads.com does. You can try
anything on at home for free and you only pay for what you keep. Whether it's a big name brand or
the Jack Threads in-house line, which is legit, you can be sure you are 100 in love with the items you order before spending a cent. That's
what we all want. Mikey Grinelli helped set up my account. You go online, you pick out some sick
gear. It's absolutely easy as hell. You do not have to get up off the couch. I can't stand going
shopping, especially when you have to go with your girl. It's the worst thing ever. But online,
it's perfect. Choose anything you want and try it on at home for free. You'll have seven days to Thank you. and enter the code CHICKLET, C-H-I-C-L-E-T, when you submit your tryout for 20 off anything you keep.
That's jackthreads.com, code CHICKLET,
to save 20 on anything you keep.
Never buy before you try ever again.
Thank you very much to John Bucciagras.
What a great guy.
Solid interview.
Very insightful.
Love them and lead the weapon.
Gary Bucci, Bucciagras.
Bucci. But I think that he made a lot of great points in that the league's in a good spot,
but he wants more offense.
I respect that.
I don't necessarily always agree with it, but he had some interesting ideas.
Yeah, I'm all set with moving that.
I don't want to make the Nets bigger.
I don't want to do that.
Too much of a fundamental thing.
Maybe make the glass much higher.
And maybe pucks will stay in play.
Saw that yesterday.
Some guy tweeted that out yesterday.
Retweeted it. If the glass is six feet higher, then how many more p will stay in play. Saw that yesterday. Some guy tweeted that out yesterday. Retweeted it.
Yeah.
If the glass is six feet higher, then how many more pucks stay in play?
Less whistles.
I'm telling you.
More shit will happen.
Bruins would love it.
Defensemen that go off the glass and out, what up, what up?
They would love that.
But I think we've got to go with some all right Hamilton.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
All right Hamilton.
Still have to see this movie.
All right.
So first we'll start off with Joshua D. Lauder.
And this question made absolutely no sense, but the back end of it did.
So I'll just read that part.
I'll read the whole thing.
I really do.
All right.
So, stool chiclets.
RW6 played high school hockey.
High school, 95.
Went D1, US 16 100, D1, played D1,
do you think back on how hard it was to make it?
So overall, I know what the intention of the question was,
is do you ever sit back and think how hard it was to make it to the NHL?
Because you always bust on yourself.
But do you ever think, it's pretty fucking hard to make it to the nhl
yeah i mean i i've thought about it a lot more since i've retired just because when you're
playing you're just you're doing what what you love to do and you're and you're working but
like to look back and think of how many people I grew up playing with
that were great players that you don't know,
this kid's going to play college, this kid's going to play pro.
And then to actually make it, it's shocking to look back on.
I think that when I was working, when I was younger,
and I was working hard, all I thought about was playing in the NHL.
I think that's different for other guys.
I know guys who played that weren't necessarily like that.
When I always say this to my friends growing up,
we were always the best team growing up, Burlington.
We were always the best, but then we see all these kids that we used to beat
that went on and played D1 and went to the NHL.
I sit back and just say to my friends, they liked it more than us.
They liked hockey more than us.
I think that's definitely part of it.
I think to play in the NHL, you have to love the game.
And there's certainly some guys who don't, like the one-offs that maybe don't love hockey,
they're just really good at it.
But most of the people that I played with absolutely loved the game.
And when I was younger, and I mean,
I'm not like pumping my own tires. I think everyone that plays in the NHL went through this,
but I would just literally just get up, shoot pucks, go to school, come back, shoot pucks,
play street hockey, stick handle. It's all I did. That's all I thought about. But at no point was I
thinking like, at no point was I not having the best time doing it.
And I loved it, and I never wanted to do anything else.
And so for me, it's like, oh, this kid's working so hard.
But I wasn't even considered working hard because I just loved doing it so much.
See, shooting pucks for me was  it would be my dad.
Mike, go shoot 100 pucks.
I'd be like, oh, gee, do I have to?
Really?
My shot's fine.
I better hit three crossbars, three posts, and two middle of the nets.
But I never really thought about it that way.
I just know that once I got to the NHL, I was like, holy shit.
I'm in the NHL.
I remember my father said one of the best things to me.
After I got drafted, I was a high pick.
Humble brag. And and he said humble brag
fifth overall and then um just a tough a tough fifth overall in the end but my father said to
me right then like now now the hard work really starts like it's just the guys like they get to
that highest level like there's never any like satisfaction you're never like you know nothing's
complete like you can you can always get better. You can always
improve as a player. And I think that
more than
thinking about how hard it was to make it, I just
look back now and think I was working hard
but I was just having fun.
I wish I loved something that much.
I think there is something you do.
The stones.
You're really good.
But I couldn't
become a stone. Well, I could when I got drunk at a wedding.
Then I was Mick Jagger all the time.
But all right, next up.
All right, so Ahil asked, best chirps or chirpers you can remember when playing in the league?
All right, if you know any chirpers or anyone, too, that's...
I'm in the street corner right now, I feel.
Your buddy Sean Thornton, though, I always thought
he was a good chirper. He's funny.
He'll beat you verbally before he
beats you physically. Yeah, he's one guy you can't even
say anything back to because you're like,
oh, shit.
I ran into so many guys who just have
hilarious... There are so many witty bastards.
I remember Yarko Rutu.
I wonder if a lot of people know that name.
Just a pestling Vancouver player in Pittsburgh.
Tough bastard, too.
Anyone named Routu.
Yeah, exactly.
He was great at chirping.
I've mentioned before Andre Waugh was hilarious.
Brad May, who I see a lot.
He was funny. I remember one time
I was skating. We were playing
Toronto. I was on Pittsburgh and I'm skating by we were playing toronto i was on
pittsburgh and i'm like skating by the bench and i don't know what had happened that shift and he's
like holy fuck whitney change your diaper holy fuck i can smell the shit from here you little
fuck i was like oh fuck you may i think i said take brian burke's dick out of your mouth because
he was on all these brian burke teams But he was actually laughing later on when we met.
But there's so many things that get said through the course of a game that you actually, like,
if they're said to a teammate, you're like, like, that was actually fucking hilarious.
Yeah, you're going to laugh at it.
That's some of the favorite, my favorite stuff is like, or my favorite things that I always
think back to is like being on the bench when a guy falls.
I can think of literally crying laughing,
like grabbing a towel because, you know,
Scuderi or something who we always would just laugh at.
If I fell, he'd die laughing.
Same for me with him.
He would like take a spill and I would be like,
oh my God, I got to go play a ship right now.
That was the funniest thing I've ever seen.
So it's little things like that, little lines.
I mentioned before Andre Waugh used to make the Chewbacca noise
when Char was skated by the bench.
And Char would fucking turn his head.
I can't even do the noise.
Can you do it?
Joey, get us out of here.
Yeah, I can't do that.
But that's what he would do.
It's just little things like that are the best.
Okay, I got a name.
Mikey probably don't know it.
It's an old chirper, but he used to chirp in multiple languages,
so half his opponents didn't know bingo-bango.
Half his opponents didn't know who he was.
He used to tinker and play for the
He had his own language, I think, too.
Exactly, yeah.
He used to talk shit to all his opponents in some sort of combination of English and Finnish.
And guys, they weren't even insulted.
They were just bewildered because they didn't even know
what the hell Tekanen just said to them.
So there's a name for you.
I like Drew Dowdy.
Drew Dowdy's a big chirper.
He's got some fun.
Ask him, Phil Kessel, if he had a Pepsi before the game.
That's a good one.
You know what's actually, speaking of chirping,
I actually got put in my place by a guy on my team once.
Sheldon Brookbank, really solid career tough as shit he
was like a shutdown defenseman i played with him in anaheim he played with the chicago black ones
he won the cup with a wade brookbank his brother older brother wade was tough guy good good call
you know um so we're on the bench in anaheim and i don't remember who it was it was a call up for
the sharks i wish i could fucking remember and i said uh somehow we were like
going back and forth and i was like uh go back to the fucking minors buddy you're going back to the
minors you suck and now like i played one year in the minors was during the lockout so like
i'm sitting there thinking like i didn't play in the minors really like i did but i would have been
in the nhl and brookbank goes dude that's fucking so stupid to say. Like, why would you say that?
And I'm like, what?
And he's like, dude, I played in the minors for like six years,
like working my balls off.
And I remember actually thinking, like, he's like, dude,
you don't say that shit.
And I remember thinking, like, it's kind of true.
And you hear it all the time.
People say that shit all the time.
And, like, in the end, I end up finishing my career,
getting sent down.
I'm in the minors.
That's the last hockey I played over here. and it's just like you think about it.
Go back to the minors is something that I didn't say after that.
Humble pie.
Humble pie.
How did it taste, bitch?
Brookie.
Solid pie.
All right, so let's move on to Jack Conley, who asks,
are the first place wild real contenders for the Cup?
All right, Hamilton.
I'd say hope the NHL is right, Hamilton. I'd say.
Hope the NHL is like, please, God, no.
I'll say no just because they haven't proved it yet in the playoffs.
They haven't been to a conference final in 2003, I believe,
when they sent Patrick Waugh off into retirement.
Andrew Burnett's overtime game seven special.
Look that one up on YouTube.
I remember that one. Tweet that one out, buddy, on. Look that one up on YouTube. I remember that one.
Tweet that one out, buddy, on Check.
Let's go, Mike.
I remember all that shit.
So, yeah, until you actually prove in the playoffs, I'm not going to believe in you.
Similar to like Atlanta Falcons play, to use a current example, this weekend.
I picked against them last week in football because they haven't done in the playoffs.
They beat Seattle last week.
And same thing with Minnesota.
I mean, I know they won a series last year.
I think, though, this year, if they are going to be a contender this year,
Devin Dubnik is playing otherworldly hockey right now.
So two years ago to the day almost, the Minnesota Wild were completely reeling,
and they traded a third-round pick for Devin Dubnik.
Bob McKenzie said to stop the bleeding.
Yeah.
Just to stop the bleeding. Yeah. Just to stop the bleeding.
Yeah, they just needed to try to get someone.
What a great story.
He's turned into a Vezna guy.
When he plays like this, yeah, they could beat anyone.
They've proven how good they are this year.
Right now, and they beat the Blackhawks the other night.
They would play the Blackhawks in the playoffs to get out of that division.
Would anyone ever think they're going to beat the Blackhawks in the playoffs?
No way. They could beat them in these regular
season games. Give me seven
games. The Blackhawks are beating the
Wilds. It's just like, they don't have
the firepower. Eric Stahl, by the way,
who I thought maybe was kind of
almost done in the league. He's not
even that old. He's 32,
turning 32, 31.
It's not a lot of hard miles.
Hard miles and played since he was 18.
Big comeback year for him.
Yeah, huge.
He leads the team in scoring.
Almost signed with the Bruins, R.A.
They have a great D.
Jared Spurgeon is one of the most underrated players in the league.
He scored a goal the other night.
Unbelievable.
He's a sick player.
Dubnik just to throw his numbers out in 34 games started.
He's a sick player.
Dubnyk just to throw his numbers out in 34 games started.
He's a 23-8-0-3 with a 1.85 and a 9.37 state percentage, five shutouts.
Crazy, crazy impressive numbers.
Yeah, he's your Vezina finalist.
I'm sorry, Vezina favorite right now. But, yeah, Minnesota may well contend this year, but until they make a run,
there's going to be a question mark.
If they win two rounds and get to the West Conference Finals, all right,
then you're like, all right, we have a good goalie.
Who knows?
But even if they got and played Pittsburgh or Washington,
I'm not picking the wild.
So I just don't see it.
The league probably doesn't want it either.
Columbus, Minnesota would be a complete nightmare.
Hey, whatever. Raid and Schmaden as long as we get good hockey. All right Minnesota would be a complete nightmare. Hey, whatever.
Raid and Schmaden as long as we get good hockey.
All right, that'll wrap up this week's All Right Hamilton.
Brought to you by BetDSI.com.
The NFL playoffs are now in full swing, and action is off the wall.
Prop bets, a start, no increase, first touchdown, yards gained, yards passed,
all that jazz, and BetDSI has it all for you we got the
conference championships of this weekend um you know the second biggest weekend in the nfl season
after the super bowl after the big fancy game of course don't bet dsi.com has over 20 years in
business their top rated business in their field on review sites. They have a fantastic mobile product that is easy to use from anywhere.
One feature I like as an NHL player is the live in-game wagering where you can make plays
throughout the entire game and events.
Like a team after a first period, jump in, boom, get a better price maybe.
The great customer service is available 24-7, 365 days a year.
BetDSI has built a reputation on fast payment of winnings.
So you're going to get a free 10 just to try the service, just for registering.
And you're going to get a 200 bonus on your first deposit when you use the code SPIT200.
Again, that code is SPIT200.
For new and returning members, it is automated, so you should see this in your cashier right away.
200 means if you deposit 500, you get 1,000 in total bonus credits.
So the total winds up being 1,500.
This is for both sports and casino.
So when you deposit 500, you get a total of 1,000 in your sports account and 500 into your casino account.
Again, it's bet dsi.com code is spit 200 enjoy and
happy gaming i ask a millennial has been sent uh the the old man on fraggle rock he his repair shop
is going to be in there for a couple weeks get a little still snuck on in there get a little reboot
uh one other note uh one other programming note. A little show announcement.
A little show announcement, yeah.
Listen, we've heard your clamoring and calling for more episodes,
and we're humbled by it.
We really appreciate it immensely.
We love that people love the show.
We have fun doing it.
We hope that comes true when we do the show.
But right now, we're just going to be sticking to one episode per week.
I think just to remind you guys that we're not full-time Bosco employees.
In fact, me and Mikey are full-time employees of other places.
Ryan is a traveling retired vagabond.
Living off that Edmonton money.
Yeah, living off that Sid Crosby money.
Especially Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh, living off that Sid Crosby money.
I'm traveling the world swinging the wrenches.
Exactly.
So, I mean, some weeks, logistically, we're lucky.
Honestly, we get together for one episode.
So getting to on a weekly basis and committing to it is, you know, not really going to happen right now.
However, in the future, we are going to start producing smaller pieces, complimentary stuff, little supplements, baby teeth, maybe we can call it perhaps.
I already said baby teeth earlier.
I'll go with that.
I don't really know what it means.
You know, small chiclets of teeth, you know, big, you know.
Oh, I get it.
Yeah, smaller version of baby teeth.
I get it now.
So we can do these little supplemental things, you know,
maybe it might be a quick little Facebook Live video with me and Mikey.
If something happens and we need a good instant reaction to it,
we're going to do kind of some complimentary stuff in addition to the show.
So we are going to have additional content.
And then when the playoffs do start, depending on our schedules,
if we can squeeze in additional shows, we'd love to.
But for right now, we can only really
manage one show on
personal levels, basically, for all three of us.
Again, we love the support.
We appreciate it immensely. Keep
listening, and we're going to, like I said, stop making
some other smaller things. Go ahead, Mike.
Like R.A. said, we're still going to be
creating a ton of
content, despite us only doing
one show a week, whether it's Facebook Live videos, like you said, or spot episodes.
But just like Pardon My Take does, send us your ideas, anything you guys think,
segment ideas, Facebook Live video ideas, any ideas for content, send them to us
because just like Pardon My Take does, we're open to all that kind of stuff.
One last thing, boys.
On a personal note, I just wanted to say that I will be starting next week
up working for NHL Network once or twice a month.
The NHL Netty.
You'll see this space for radio up on your big screen occasionally,
so I'm looking forward to that.
I'll be up there doing some NHL tonight.
My first show is next week, 10.30 p.m., so they put me on the late-night shifts and nobody sees me.
Is that NHL on the fly?
It'll be NHL on the fly at that point, I think, but there's different shows.
NHL tonight before the game starts, so I'm looking forward to that.
And I'll have to get the Spin Chicklets shout-outs going on the TV.
Congratulations, man.
Good stuff.
Oh, thanks, boys.
Pretty soon.
Pretty soon.
I appreciate that.
Yeah, I'm going to be leaving, and I'm going to have Grinnelli as my co-host,
and we're going to need our new producer at this rate.
You're going to hear about Grinnelli's snipes in men's league.
That's what we'll do.
Yeah, right.
His snipes in the bedroom.
All right.
Good job, Wits.
Yeah, and before we go, we forgot my little favorite this day in hockey history.
Quickly, January 18th, the day Mark Messier was born.
One of the best players of all time, so I thought that was an interesting one.
Six Stanley Cups for that guy.
Did he elbow the obstetrician in the face?
He elbowed the nurse and then cross-checked his mom.
Yeah.
No, thank you guys.
We love the listens.
We appreciate the support.
And we'll be seeing you guys next week.
Go buy your Warrior Hockey equipment and gear.
There he is.
There he is.
Absolutely.
WarriorHockey.com.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Peace out. I'm going to leave a hundred times a day.
