Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 140 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to the gentleman today.
Let's go to Ryan Whitney first, the wit dog.
What up, brother?
What's going on, boys?
How are yous doing all right like next up our buddy out in the desert paul i'm busy nasty
bissing it what up dog boys the right raya raya how the fuck you say the count is a bumping right
now i'm like getting notifications like my phone's dying faster than normal because of it and uh
speaking of the dating app we we got the LA Kings,
a couple of the young bucks.
Matt Luff is coming on.
And fuck, I forgot the name of their backup goalie.
Help me out, Grinnell.
Cal Peterson?
Yeah, Cal Peterson.
Talk about that one, Cal.
Yeah, yeah.
Sorry, Cal.
That's the type of energy you brought to the interview.
So I'm going to reciprocate by forgetting your fucking name.
Just kidding, Cal.
No, they were great. We had them on and we we actually get into the dating apps those la boys are trying to meet celebrities online so hello everyone excited to get this
one going oh biz hotter than a fucking gonorrhea piss huh i mean uh i don't know if i've had
gonorrhea i'm more of a clap guy you Hilarious. And finally, last but not least, our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, boys?
Two great interviews on tap for today.
So I'm excited.
Phenomenal.
Yeah.
Oh, the legend, number 77, Ray Bork of the Bruins, Colorado.
We're going to actually have to do a fuller.
We just banked that Ray Bork interview.
Let's leave that in.
Let's leave that in.
I was so excited. It's another legend. It was one that in. Let's leave that in. I was so excited.
You know, we interviewed him.
Well, it's another legend.
It was one legend, but we're actually putting another one on, Theo Flory.
Yes, and we did.
We got tons of legends mixed up.
Theo Flory, man, that was a great interview, too.
We enjoyed the hell out of that one.
Well, now, R.A., that's a great spoiler.
So for those of you who were paying attention, Ray Bork, we banked him.
Some very good stories.
Took us on a great journey throughout his career.
A few funny off-ice stories.
So we're going to be excited to drop that one.
We may have to do that now sooner than later.
Hey, boys.
Huge scrap last night.
I'm sorry, Tuesday night.
We got to get to that right away.
Revo was on the show Monday.
Fought Adam McQuaid Tuesday night.
Did you guys catch it?
Absolutely.
Probably the best fight of the year, no Adam McQuaid Tuesday night. Did you guys catch it? Absolutely. Probably the best fight of the year, no?
McQuaid probably, I'd say one of the most undercover tough guys in the league.
He was when even there was fighters involved.
Obviously, he answers the bell to Reeves.
That's what McQuaid brings.
I saw a lot of people, a lot of Boston fans online after that one messaging
like they'd love to have them
back obviously things are going pretty good for the bruins right now and you know some people are
like no we're good uh no offense mcquade but uh wow ryan reeves that guy is uh i'll tell you what
though he brings that little sassiness to him so he must he has to go into every fight being like
there's no way i can lose this because I'm going to get torched online.
Because when you kind of taunt the league
and you're waving your finger around,
if you ever, even a draw,
people are fucking coming at you online and chirping.
I know he can handle it and he loves it,
but nonetheless, a very entertaining bout.
I think he loves almost being the bad guy.
He kind of relishes it a little bit.
He chirps me, can't stop. He was texting
me the other day saying that before I was married
I probably had square wheels. I was like,
fuck off, Revo. Get out of my face
right now. He'll take the heat.
I don't think he cares about losing a fight
in terms of chirped online. He might just
be worried about actually getting
hit in the face if he were to lose a fight.
Like you said, Quader, Darth Quader, the most soft-spoken, nice guy I've ever met,
and then he's just a complete killer.
But if there's one guy, right, that he's maybe a little overmatched against,
it's probably Revo.
So credit to him for even going him and standing up.
And Vegas is on fire, boys.
Vegas has really figured it out.
And quickly about Ryan Reeves, he insulted my haircut the other day.
I kind of chirped him online about his fades
because I'm actually not that impressed.
I mean, I don't know.
Didn't we talk about this last episode?
We did?
I think he's quite goofed on his first lineup.
I think it's so in your head that you're bringing it up again.
No, because we brought it up and i texted you about it
we never talked about it cornelli what do you think it didn't the text hadn't been or the tweet
hadn't even been sent out like three days ago oh okay all right oh you know what you did you did
it on one of your stories on instagram you were defending it so let everyone who didn't see that
what what do you explain in here you don't need right i'm like i'm like i'm like how hard did i
hit the pen before we started recording this?
Did I  we already talked about this?
No, but he chirped me about my  like not getting lined up properly on the top.
Like I know what that is.
My mom's half black.
Like I have to go to a barber because I have very thick hair.
I don't get it lined up on the top.
I let it flow a little bit because I actually have like
I don't have like extremely coarse hair i have like medium coarse hair so then everyone online's like oh i put you in a body bag
and i'm like no no no okay like you know you know when you can't even defend yourself because you
open up twitter and there's already like a thousand likes on something and everyone's commenting that
he torched you so i just want to set the story straight here i have a good haircut revo so
shove it up your ass.
Yeah, I know he tripped him online,
but I'm not going to get involved with any fucking hair conversations for sure.
Or anything to do with Revo because he dummy you too after you said,
oh, you like black comedies because you're black.
Oh, I know.
Do you usually talk about that?
Yeah, apparently people online don't know that black comedy is, you know,
it's a type of comedy that doesn't involve black people.
Oh, shocker. People are mad online.
Yeah, big deal.
Another event that happened Tuesday night.
Did you happen to catch the end of the Capitals-Flyers game?
Oh, my God.
You know what?
The whole schedule on Tuesday night was all puck line winners.
Puck line winners.
I had Winnipeg over Colorado.
Thank you very much.
They completely dummy them. And Blake Wheeler is just a machine against colorado that's another story that's
another time but the puck line cover for the washington capitals they're up one goal they
have a face off at center ice philly's got their goalie pulled you know what was there six seconds
seven seconds left seven seconds so the fact that they even had their goalie play i mean they're
understood they're not going to get it but they're trying and the puck just kind of gets one over to
osu turns out and fires it in like if you have washington minus one and a half with that face
off you're thinking there's no chance and sure enough it was just an amazing puck line cover in
a night where there was about 10 of them it felt like yeah it was incredible and we have so many
people so many of our listeners are on the puck line wagon now i must have got three three or
four dozen tweets last night,
people texting their receipts.
One guy, I want to say it was like a 3 parlay.
It was 18s, and he hit a 3 parlay for like 180 last night,
which is a ridiculous parlay payout.
How do you put 3 on a parlay?
You're asking the wrong guy.
You're asking the wrong guy.
3 isn't even my Vigs Vig Vigs.
It's like playing the penny slots for gamblers.
Yeah, and the same thing like me and Merle's have the deal.
If Merle's ever sees me playing a slot machine and I ever see him,
I can go sucker him right in the side of the head and say,
you're playing the penny slots or betting 3 on a parlay.
I wasn't saying I'm down with it.
I was saying it exists.
Some people just like paying the penny slots as far as gambling is concerned.
But I agree, dude.
If you pay the fucking penny slots, you're a pigeon.
Yeah.
I call them shits and giggles, Matt.
It's like you just throw it in, you forget about it,
and if it comes through, then you've got a nice winner.
But, yeah, when your team got a one-goal lead and there's seven seconds left,
you're not playing on coverage.
So kudos to Oshifa, everybody getting a nice puck line cover.
Canadians GM Mark Bergevin. I know it's Bergevin. You guys schooled me. Canadians GM Mark Bergevin.
I know it's Bergevin.
You guys schooled me.
I called him Bergevin before.
He had some statements.
I don't even remember that.
You called him Bergevin?
Yeah.
Yeah, let's talk about it.
Mark Bergevin.
He had some comments.
Basically nothing.
I don't think it was really controversial.
He was just saying essentially that the Canadians are going to stand pat.
They're not going to go like shoot for the moon.
They're going to kind of continue on this sort of rebuild on the fly.
Of course, it's Montreal, so everything gets made a bigger deal of.
What did you make of the comments, Biz?
Oh, yeah, no, stay the course.
I mean, and you're talking about not giving away assets for something that's
I mean, they're going to be a cusp playoff team,
and who knows how they're going to do in the second half of the season.
But here's a guy who, fuck, man, the last two years he's been getting abused.
Like people wanted his head in a box, man, with, of course, the P.K. Subban trade
and, you know, some other moves he made.
And, listen, I'll say this.
I thought that we'd won the Galchenyuk trade, the Arizona Coyotes.
I thought we fleeced the Canadians a little bit.
But, you know, obviously the Max Domi trade's working out.
They're having a successful season.
Carey Price, who was named to the All-Star Game, he's having a good year.
Things are back to normal.
I think he saved himself another three, four years in montreal this team's on the
up and up so he deserves a lot of credit for getting shit on and abused for two years well
that's what i think that if there's any credit to be given it's that he hasn't wavered one bit
no no he's given he's given his plan he's given his idea and no matter how much heat he's taken
he's like i'm sticking to it which is very respectful because if you're going to go down, go down your way, right?
So he's basically said, listen, I believe in my plan here.
I believe in what we're doing.
And even though we've had some success now,
they're not sitting in the playoffs right now,
but they're not far off at all.
And with the goalie they have, they could easily end up getting in.
But why be buyers and why try to change things up
after you've said repeatedly, listen, we're going to be patient.
We're going to take our time.
They got some nice draft picks.
And they also realized that, like, what's the point in trying to go sell some young guys
for a little trade, you know, this year when we probably know deep down
we can't win the Cup this year.
So let's figure out on how to, you know, become in two years a true Cup contender.
The problem is Shea Weber's getting a little bit older.
When he's in the lineup, they're a totally different team.
Shout out to him.
He got a puck right in the face the other night.
He ended up playing last night with a cage on.
That guy's a warrior.
So it's tough because they have guys getting a little bit older,
but they also realize they've got some young players.
They're going to be some very, very solid players.
And in that, why ever trade any of them just to try to bring in an older veteran
and make a run this year?
Yeah, he's got the quote, quote,
I'm not going to give up a first round pick for a rental it's
just not going to happen so i want to be clear today it's not happening if there's something
that makes sense short term and long term i'll do it but giving up assets for short term it's
not short term it's not going to happen end quote so yeah like i said it's just basically telling
he's going to keep keep the stay the course up in mont. And probably the biggest criticism he faced was regarding that Shea Weber PK trade.
And we can segue out of this into the PK thing after RA.
But, like, PK started to deteriorate a little bit too.
Like, he's starting to miss some times.
He's had some back issues.
I know Shea Weber's missed more time.
But, like, in the grand scheme of things if shea weber can get his game back and
sustain it for another three four years like like like we're not talking about as bad as a trade as
everyone is making this out to be and as you mentioned with this team is a different team
with shea weber in the lineup so like there's let's let's watch this thing play out a little bit
yeah i mean it also helps very you know a a lot for PK and the fact that they got some
they got some incredible defensemen in Nashville.
You know, Shea Weber's a little bit on an island.
You know, I love Jeff Petrie.
I mean, these PK's got Yossi's got Ekholm.
Oh, Ekholm had a great quote, by the way.
God, I wish I remember who sent the tweet, but it was something about asking Matthias
Ekholm if he kind of regretted signing a long-term deal where he's only making 3.75 annually.
And, you know, this is a guy, the player he's turned into, the force he is on the ice,
he could be making 6 million on the open market.
6, 7 million. He's a beast.
And he said, you know what?
I think it's already enough money where I won't even be able to spend it in my lifetime.
Where I'm from, you don't need that much money.
He's from Sweden.
So a pretty cool quote. I mean, maybe he's listened to me and seen that my contract's able to set me up for life
and talk about all the things I get to do. Not a big deal. And you know, in that he's kind of
realized, wow, I do have enough money. It doesn't matter. Maybe I want 7 million a year, but 3.75,
that works out. So he'll get, he'll get his payday. He just has to, well, I, you know,
he's not, I mean, he's not old, but he's not super young, and he's got a six-year deal,
I think it is. You never know what happens
when that thing ends.
Having said that, we can move on. We mentioned
P.K. Subban because he was also in the news
this week. R.A., do you want to explain to everyone
what happened with him in a video he sent
to someone that was dealing with some tough issues?
Yeah, there was a young
black player in the Detroit area
youth hockey league. He, quite frankly, has been hearing a lot of taunts for a long time. I read black player in the Detroit area, youth hockey league.
He, quite frankly, has been hearing a lot of taunts for a long time.
I read the article in the Detroit Free Press.
And what happened was the player was obviously upset.
One of his teammates, his goaltender, a white kid,
he was so upset by what happened.
He was literally crying to his father.
He was sobbing.
He's like, Dad, you know, this is ridiculous.
There's no reason this kid should have to play under these circumstances we need to do something and the dad reached out to somebody
who reached out to somebody who got in touch with PK and PK gave a very heartfelt video message he
sent to the kid and I think it's basically been PK's philosophy his whole life like you know
there's assholes in the world you can't worry about them they're they're going to be out there
you just got to put your head down do what you you got to do. If you want to play hockey, keep playing hockey. It's sad to say, I mean, 2019 United
States, we still got to deal with this shit, but unfortunately that's the world we live in.
It seems to be getting worse instead of better. But I think if I was that kid, his father said
he listened to the message a hundred times. He watched it. I mean, the kid's got to feel great
about himself. I mean, unfortunately he's still going to hear stuff. And it's just sad that not only that the kid hears it, but, you know,
kids are kids and they're going to be stupid,
but it's the parents involved and the parental involvement.
And I guess they were  he skated by the bench,
and kids on one team were beating out their chests like a fucking animal.
And the coach even, like, smirked or smiled.
So it's like, you know, when it's that level,
it's kind of institutional in some ways.
It's like, you know, kids are going to be fucking stupid, let's face it. But, you know, when you've got a coach there condoning it, that's like, you know, when it's that level, it's kind of institutional in some ways. It's like, you know, it's going to be fucking stupid.
Let's face it.
But, you know, when you've got a coach there condoning it, that's bad, man.
That's just not an environment.
Can you imagine in 2019 being a fucking grown man
and not understanding that that's wrong?
Even if those are your internal thoughts, that is fucking ridiculous.
I didn't know that part of the story.
Fuck, man. Well said, R.A. I mean, obviously we're going to piggyback what R.A. says, thoughts that is fucking ridiculous i i didn't know that part of the story that like fuck man
well said ra we could i mean obviously we're gonna piggyback what ra says but that is fucking
insane to me it's just i mean if you hear it and you're another parent sitting there dude
step up say something right but i'll fucking donnie brook a guy if he did oh fuck yeah dude
are you kidding me i mean listen it's it's enough. Kids should never have to deal with that.
But if you're a parent and you're listening to that, you're an adult,
maybe step in.
Maybe step into the equation here and get your nose in the mix and say,
dude, what the fuck are you doing right now?
But P.K. Subban, that's great.
And that's what's cool.
And you hear all the time NFL, NBA, Major League Baseball, NHL.
It takes so little out of a player's day to do something like PK did,
and it can change a kid's life.
And it can have him continue forward towards a dream, continue on a play.
So very special thing.
And you've seen PK do a million things for young people and young players
and the unfortunate.
So good for him.
Shout out to PK.
Now we're going to send it off to a couple of the young boys from L.A.
I think they were a little nervous.
AG, they probably don't want to say the wrong thing,
end up in the minors again.
We're going to throw it off.
Cal Peterson and Matt Luff, welcome.
I want to welcome two members of the Los Angeles Kings
to their first ever Spit and Chicklets podcast.
A couple of young bucks, a couple of young guys in that locker room.
They got one of the older teams in the league,
so you guys are trying to average it out here.
We got Matt Luff from Oakville, Ontario.
Only 24 games played at this point in the interview.
And also Cal Peterson from Waterloo, Iowa.
Where the fuck is that?
Middle of nowhere, man.
Are you the only person from your hometown to ever make the NHL?
Yeah.
I think I'm like the third Iowan, but for sure the first guy from your hometown to ever make the nhl uh yeah i think i'm like the third iowan but
for sure the first guy from my hometown oh so so like you go home it's just like an event they get
the like the whole fucking billboard up no i'm still waiting for that part i don't even know
if half the town even knows anything oh yeah why big basketball state no like i mean we got a ushl team there so
i mean they're probably more dialed into that but i don't know it's kind of wrestling football
basketball there mostly so not like luffer the the cake eater from oakville ontario you know
he's just got money come out the yin yang yeah those toronto boys they come over here and they think that they got
the hockey paradise over there but we hold our own here in the west i guess luffer we got to talk
about that now do you have a rebuttal to cal's comments i mean we just produce hockey players
oakville you got gagne johnny t doing pretty well in toronto and then you got steve mason so i think
i'm just holding up my end.
I mean, we've already had our first, and they're pretty good.
Cal, so I'm playing in Ontario at the time.
I think Lufford just finished his OHL career with the Hamilton Bulldogs.
And this kid walks into the room, and he's got a Louis Vuitton belt on.
I don't even know if he got a signing bonus check yet.
And obviously, Obviously, the boys
are going to joke around because this new guy
has got a Louis Vuitton belt coming in super
hot. Then
the next day, this guy's got a
Fendi belt on.
I go up to Sean
Backman and Vincent Maverde. I'm like,
this fucking guy might have spent his whole signing
bonus on designer belts.
We started calling the fucking Louis Vuitton Don around the locker room during our little uh playoff run that's
unreal he must have hit the designer outlets right before that hey hey uh is he a bit of a showtime
now that he's playing in the nhl because he's had a pretty good start and you got to imagine those
paychecks are just you know equalizing to more designer clothing.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know.
He's doing okay so far.
He just got a new car, so I guess you could say he's spending that a little bit.
But I don't know.
He's doing well, so as long as he's keeping scoring,
I'm sure that those paychecks are just going to keep going up.
Cal, what did Luffer get for a vehicle?
He got a BMW Mw m4 oh still has to park still has to park it out in the in the pedestrian parking lot though at the
rink he doesn't get a spot yet oh that's right i mean so for those uh listening all the big boys
for the la kings at the practice facility in el Segundo, they get to stroll in behind the barriers and park in their parking spots
that have their name on it.
Yeah, so you have to  we all  all the young guys park out there
and we'll come out to the parking lot.
We got, like, little kids just hammering their doors against our cars
and just dragging against the sides and stuff.
So it's just part of the deal, I guess.
Well, and the
fact that you probably can't even get to that back lot of uh millionaires row unless you have
like a ferrari or lamborghini yeah i don't know i love her love her kind of climbing up there with
his whip but uh yeah the the security guard doesn't even recognize us. Who's got the nicest cars on the team?
Chucky's got a Rolls Royce.
Dewey and Kopey have some nasty Mercedes going.
Deon's got a nice old Corvette. I think all the boys are doing pretty well in the whole car department.
Okay, so these old guys must just love you guys.
Because Deon likes to give it to the young guys, but in a joking manner.
What are some of the stuff you guys hear on a day-to-day basis?
I mean, yeah, Deion's pretty funny.
I don't know.
I mean, they give us some shit, but they're all obviously pretty good guys.
I mean, that's probably just making sure our heads fit in the door
when we come to the rink every day.
But, I mean, they've been unreal dudes to us. It's probably just making sure our heads fit in the door when we come to the rink every day.
But, I mean, they've been unreal dudes to us.
I mean, they give Buffer a little bit more shit than me,
but he likes to kind of run his mouth a little bit more.
No way he talks back to them.
I wouldn't say talk back.
Like, I'll give the odd jab back, but that's about it.
Oh, I think they love that. loved it like when zach oh go ahead
sorry well i just said the only time they're really mean is when we're playing kicks or whatever and
they'll uh they'll bury us pretty good with the soccer ball but that's probably the biggest thing
oh that's like that's like modern day bullying you could probably get them thrown off the team
for that the way that these fucking hardcore left-wing liberals are going.
If you guys want a little bit more playing time,
I could probably write a letter into the team.
Yeah, just say the old guys are picking on the young guys a little bit.
Hey, how much has Stutchie changed since I left?
I was your coach in the minors I mean I
had him called her cup there and I mean a bit of a heart in those guys but the guys love playing for
him yeah it hasn't changed one bit still has his video sessions and still he still ticks but I mean
he has a certain way you want to play and if you don't want to play it you'll uh you'll get a lot
harder than if you play the way he wants to play but he's got some good ones and when i was down it was funny you
gotta get a laugh in your second year but in your first year it was a video time i was always nervous
oh oh he would just lay into guys but uh more importantly now that you've got both of you guys
have gotten called back up i actually got a a text recently from Derek Forbert, basically pumping his own tires,
how he got accepted to Raya, the dating app.
Now, are you boys single?
And have you guys tried to explore the dating apps
living in California with all those beautiful women?
Yeah, we actually both got accepted
into the Raya community.
So we're trying to reap those benefits.
Yeah, we're rocking a Raya group chat, actually,
just seeing how we're doing.
Do you guys have Raya group chat rankings and who's been striking out?
Also, has there been a situation
where maybe two of you guys
have locked in with the same girl
and then all of a sudden...
Me and Hal had that driving home from
the rink today. I was scrolling through and he
goes, I matched with this girl. I was like,
did you talk to her? He goes, yeah. I'm like,
that's you.
You'll buddy pass. You're going to say,
hey, I'm done talking to that woman or you're not
saying, hey, it's every man for themselves.
All is fair in love and war.
I feel like there's got to be a lot of
bodies on rise. I think you lose one, you just got to hit the like button a few times
and I think you'll match up with one.
So are these the types of stories that the older guys,
when you get to the rink, they're expecting to hear every day?
Yeah, there's still, I mean, I think that's kind of a newer way to go.
I mean, they're pretty, i think that they're pretty jealous that
it's that easy you can just click up a button and have access to a pretty good pool of fish and uh
hollywood and santa monica and up there i'd be curious to know how many pictures have designer
belts in them in luffer's profile i don't think any but i might have to I started rocking some more picks
Okay I want to
Let's start from the beginning of each guy's profile
Loughlin we're going to start with you
What do you lead off with?
I fucking guarantee it's a hockey picture
Yeah it's a
Warmy pick are you kidding me?
Helmet on or off?
I played 20 games.
It's fully on strap and everything.
You,
I would have thought maybe you would have been like to the photographer.
Hey,
I'm going to pretend my,
the trainer's fixing my visor.
I'm going to do one loser lap.
I'm going to start,
stop at the blue line,
get one quick snap of me without my bucket.
I'll be,
I'll even be drenching it with water.
And then,
and then,
and then that would be your profile picture.
No, no.
I don't have one with my helmet off.
Okay, fine.
What's picture two?
Me and my dog. That's always a good one.
Oh, you fucking son of a bitch.
I knew you would go back
with a dog pic.
Yeah, cute.
Lovable. Girls love it. Oh, well, me guess you followed up with a like a family vacay
pick your family guy you're just selling the whole fucking dream aren't you you gotta show
him what he might get into all right that's fair enough you hear that did you hear the music cal
is checking on the radio profile right now oh okay so that, okay. I'm going to hop over to Cal for this one.
Cal, what song did you choose for your
Raya profile?
Or Raya, or however the fuck you say it.
It's Wish I Knew You
by The Revivalists.
Can you play it for us right now?
Yeah, here, I'll play it for you.
Did you know what song that was, Grinnell?
Quick note from Grinnell.
No clue. Alright, here we go.
Okay.
I actually, it's fairly modern, but not too modern where you're not like trendy.
And are you going for that artistic look?
Do you put up a lot of black and white photos, Cal?
No, not the artistic look do you put you put up a lot of black and white photos cal no not the artistic look but it's actually low-key uh pretty good way to find some good music because some of these some of
these girls actually have pretty good taste in music which i think bumps them up a little bit
but so it's kind of kind of dual uh a dual thing there oh okay so what did you lead with? Are you leading with a hockey picture as well?
Yeah, I have a hockey pick. Fuck it all.
I think it's an anthem pick too.
That was helpful because I don't get to take
off my helmet too much.
You got the helmet off. You got the holy grail
of hockey pictures.
Yeah, and it's when my hair's
long too, which is...
It's not too bad. I kind of have a neck beard on, but that's it. Would's long too, which is  it's looking  it's not too bad.
I kind of have a neck beard going, but that's it.
Would it be safe to say that you think that your Raya
is more attractable to women than, let's say, Matt's?
I don't know.
I mean, I think the facial hair maybe makes me look a little older
and sophisticated.
You've got three years on me me he's got the baby face i
know luffer looks like a trust fund baby at all times you know what he looks like he looks from
the kid from richie rich he looks like uh one of trump's kids or something like that oh luffer
luffer what do you got for him you gotta come back you can't just take that
i don't know.
That's just rude because we get called twins.
So I guess he's calling himself the same thing when we go out.
Are you guys twins?
Yeah, we're twins from Sweden.
Oh, you use the Euro step.
Okay.
Boys, anything else you guys want to talk about hockey related?
I mean, I know it hasn't been the greatest season for the LA Kings so far.
You guys are starting to play a little bit better.
You know, what are you guys doing differently recently?
We're just  I don't know.
It's a lot more fun winning right now.
So, we're enjoying it, and the room is nice and light,
and we're just trying to get focus going.
Yeah, and I think  I mean, some guys are getting their confidence back,
which is cool.
And, I mean, you know, we have, I mean,
arguably a couple Hall of Famers on our team.
So, I mean, just to see those guys, you know,
play with that confidence is pretty sick,
and it's obviously helping us out a ton.
Well, Cal, you mentioned the potential Hall of Famers.
I mean, I'd say Quickie's probably on his way
after the playoff performances he's had,
leading them to a few cups.
I mean, what's it like playing underneath that guy and just learning from him and talking to him?
Because he seems like the best teammate as far as goalie buddies.
Yeah, I mean, he's an unreal dude.
You know, he's pretty, like, I mean, super normal.
I mean, one of the guys. And I think he's kind of like, I mean, super normal.
I mean, one of the guys.
And I think he's kind of underrated as a leader on the team, too.
I mean, he's a huge voice in the locker room and probably one of the most respected guys on the team, too.
But, you know, obviously he does some stuff, like goalie stuff,
that's kind of out of this world that, you know, you can't really take much from that
because there's only probably him that can do it but i mean he's he's a pretty cool guy to have as a teammate and
kind of any chance i get to bounce some ideas off him i can uh i kind of ask the same question to
you luffer i mean it's not you know every day you get to play with a bunch of legends especially up
front i mean you got kopitar i mean brown i mean, Brown. I mean, Kovalchuk.
What's Kovalchuk like in the locker room?
I mean, overall, he's quiet, but then he's got a little talk,
and he's pretty funny when he gets going
and just watching those guys play and do their thing.
It's kind of like, oh, my God, how do they keep doing this day in and day out?
So I think it's easy for me to learn that.
If you want to be a go-to guy you got
to be ready to go every night and overall those guys in the room are funny and nice to talk to
so i think pretty lucky with that crew who's the one forward you've kind of gravitated toward for
ask for advice or or you know any like positional stuff is there is there one guy that you always go
to i think just whoever i sit beside really on
the bench or just my lineman sometimes i'm out there with cliffy so i'll talk to him but brownie
takes me for a few dinners on the road which is nice and you know what got older guys will tag
along on that dinner so it's kind of a chance to ask questions then and there and just learn about
them and when they started and like what they did to uh adjust to the league quicker okay boys well hey i want to thank you guys for coming on
if there's anything else you guys want to tell like a funny story maybe luffer got caught in
a sticky situation cal or vice versa anything you guys got for us yeah so once so this season i get sent down and we're playing stocks and afternoon game in ontario
we so we're driving in from like south bay where we're from and kid walks in like we're all in our
suit kid walks in and high tops shorts a pink tee and a snapback what what is it like hasn't played
a game that stuck finds out oh Stutz, he was not impressed.
Oh, no.
Did he healthy scratch him or did he still get to play?
No, he was supposed to play his first pro game, healthy scratch.
No way.
Setting the tone.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
It was tough because he thought we were just checking into the rink,
but it was pretty funny.
The little boys were laughing at it.
Hey, but has he played a game yet?
Like, did he get sent down back after that?
Yeah, he's played.
No, he's still up playing.
He's playing really well, too.
So, you know, it's just a little lapse in the old memory there,
but gave the boys a good chuckle before the game.
But the worst part about that is, like, Stutzi's going to torture him for the rest of chopped before the game. But the worst part about that is like Stutsy's going to torture him
for the rest of the year about that.
Like he's never  like once you make a bad first impression with Stutz,
to get that washed away, you've got to go on like a 10-game goal scoring streak.
Yeah, I mean, we've got some funny young guys,
so it gets overshadowed sometimes because, you know what,
we've got, I think, half our team's rookies.
So it's a funny crew down there.
Hey, is Lintuniemi still getting ragged on by Stutz?
Yeah, the bird's still down there.
He's doing his thing.
All right.
Well, hey, boys, thanks for coming on.
And if there's anything else that you got left, just let me know.
If not, we'll shut her down here.
Cool. No, that was awesome. Thanks, here. No, no, it's awesome.
Thanks, Biz.
Good luck the rest of the way.
Tell all the big boys I said hello, and best of luck, as I said.
Once again, big thanks to the LA Kings guys for joining us.
Biz, they're probably a little intimidated in your presence.
I mean, you're such a social media titan.
You host a Chicklets podcast.
They might have been shaking in their boots a little bit.
You're a big deal, you know, host of Chicklets podcast. They might have been shaking in their boots a little bit. You're a big deal, you know.
Intimidating.
Matt Luff walked into the locker room getting called up from Junior
after he signed his deal with a Louis Vuitton belt.
The next day he came in with a Fendi belt.
This guy's trying to suspend his whole fucking signing bonus on designer belts.
You think he's intimidated by me?
No.
He's the Louis Vuitton Don.
He's like Conor McGregor of the NHL.
Fendi bag and a bad attitude. He's going toor McGregor of the NHL. Fendi bagging a bad attitude.
He's going to be walking in with a fur coat soon.
All right, well, back to the ice.
After a bit of a slow start,
he probably had somewhat of a transitional period with his new team,
talking about Eric Carlson.
You know, they already had an existing number one defenseman,
but it's safe to say he's turned it on.
He set the franchise record in San Jose Tuesday night.
Again, attitude. He registered
at least a point in 14 consecutive games. That's a new San Jose Sharks record. He's the fifth
defenseman in NHL history to go at least 14 straight games with at least one point. A couple
guys you might have heard of, Paul Coffey, Brian Leach, Bobby Orr, Phil Housley, not too shabby
company. He's now got three goals, 38 assists for 41 points in 43 games played he's
on the plus side with a plus six safe to say carlson's turned his play around a wit oh jesus
we knew it was gonna happen everyone said what's wrong with carlson what's wrong with ek 65 uh
nothing he'll be fine he figured it out like you said like you mentioned the transition period i
mean dude you've been somewhere your entire life and it changes everything's different and you have
to deal with another number one guy so So you're almost sharing a little bit,
not of the limelight, but of the power play and the touches you get with the puck.
But it was just a matter of time and the skill, the speed, the vision, it was going to come
together. And it's incredible to see the career Joe Thornton's had there, Patrick Marleau,
Owen Nolan had some big time years, and now he's the leader that has the longest point streak in
the franchise history.
So just incredible to see the game he has.
And San Jose has really picked it up.
I look at their team, and I look at the fact that Pavelski
had an off year last year.
He's already got 25 goals.
He's on pace for close to 50.
Timo Meyer, we've talked about him a bunch, first-round pick,
the Swiss product.
He's been a beast this year, just under a point per game.
So I think this is a team that you wouldn't be crazy to throw a little future bet on them
to get the Stanley Cup.
This could be the year.
I think they'll try to add something.
But Carlson's for sure now become what they thought they were getting when they traded for him.
And it's only going to continue to rise.
I wouldn't be surprised to see him win the Pacific.
Yeah, you bet them to win the division, didn't you, at the beginning of the year?
Oh, God, yeah.
Oh, God, yeah.
I got a bunch of futures out there.
I have a ton.
Could be an ugly collection day come playoff time, come the end of the year? I got a bunch of futures out there. I have a ton. Could be an ugly collection day come playoff time,
come the end of the regular season.
But either way, it could be a big collection day for myself.
Got a little bit of a different story from the Western Hockey League
up in the Canadian juniors.
The Kootenai Ice.
I always thought it was Kootenai, but it's the Kootenai Ice.
They shit-canned their assistant coach, Roman Volpot,
for apparently criticizing Tim Hunter,
who was coach of the World Junior Team, a little bit too much.
Basically, he had a job.
He criticized Tim Hunter, who also, it should be noted,
is coach of the, if I can pronounce this correct, Moose Jaw Warriors,
also in the Western Hockey League.
So I don't know if he got fired because he was criticizing him.
I'm going to read him right now.
These are some of his tweets.
He said, quote,
You know my problem I have with all this? He challenged 17-year-old on national TV,
paper, and social media about not performing, but he doesn't have the guts to call out his
captain on diving all over the place. And he gave the two thumbs down emojis. Also,
he was referring to, I think, LaFreni, I'm sorry, Maxime Comtois. He isn't the natural
go-scorer like Glass, Leeson, Frost, or Tippett,
so they put him in that situation.
Bad move by Hunter.
He just basically was kind of shitting all over them.
Now, I'm curious, basically, where's the freedom of speech here?
I know it's Canada, not America, but a guy can't criticize another coach.
Is that really a fireable offense, Biz?
What do you think?
I would say it's not a fireable offense uh biz what do you think i would say it's
not a fireable offense but it's weird as shit like what are you doing like it's just it's extremely
unprofessional that'd be like me like when when we played me going criticizing another fighter on on
his on a fight that he had where somebody'd be like dude shut the fuck up like it's just it's
just odd i i agree right like it's i i, some people are probably like, oh, yeah, freedom of speech.
But it's just like, yeah, but I wouldn't want a guy, like,
who's chirping another coach on Twitter associated with my organization.
Like, a fan, like, chirping him.
Yeah, go back at him.
I don't give a shit.
Defend yourself.
But, like, as far as just, like, going out of your way to rip someone,
I don't know.
And someone who's obviously had more success at coaching than you i i think what's what's weird is that if if you're
gonna look at it and you're you know say that the gm of the kootenai ice are in charge it's more
than anything it's like i don't even care if i agree with your comments but why are you bringing
yourself into the picture here it's like would any successful coach in the nhl ever be tweeting about another coach's decisions in terms of lineups roster moves it's just very
unprofessional you said it biz and it's also like dude you're from the czech republic obviously
you're not rooting for canada obviously you're happy to see this so like in terms of like chirping
our our national team junior coach under 20 coach and we just don't need it it's a bad look for our
team we play in Canada.
And shout-out to you, R.A., saying, can I pronounce Moose Jaw right?
If you couldn't pronounce Moose Jaw right, we might have to end it today.
So good job there.
But I do think that it was bullshit on the guy's account to be bringing up
another coach and his moves and questioning them publicly on Twitter.
I mean, dude, stick to your team.
Worry about your team.
And don't put your business into it.
I mean, that's something you can have a conversation with friends
or the head coach of Kootenai and you figure out what's going on,
but to bring it public makes no sense.
It does you no good.
Well, I'm currently trying to Google what their record is this year.
This team, Kootenai better be fucking buzzing in a playoff spot
if he's chiming in about world juniors.
And by the way, if he had stayed employed by the Kootenai Ice,
I don't know if you've seen Tim Hunter or ever YouTubed him.
Next time Moose Jaw played Kootenai,
it could have been an ugly one for Mr. Roman Volpot.
So I think maybe they saved his life by canning him.
Yeah, and he basically got fired for doing what all of Canada was doing,
shitting all over the coach and shitting all over the team.
And it's a good thing you brought it up, the episode after it happened.
Whitney, remember you were saying that if you chirp these guys, you're a loser.
And, you know, the poor kid had to go off of social media for a little while
for all the chirping he was getting.
And just a note on the Moose Jaw Saskatchewan, I'm a little disappointed
you didn't catch the Slapshot reference there.
That's when they're having the fashion show.
When they're doing the fashion show in Slapshot
and the woman's reading the card before Johnny comes out,
she's like, you know, if I could pronounce this correctly,
Moose Jaw Saskatchewan.
Wow, you owned me.
I looked like the boy.
For the first time in the podcast history,
I'll applaud that one. You just dummied
me. You just dummied me.
Yeah, teaching Slapshot
lessons over here.
Are you going to be walking the streets today just
chest high?
Roasted with me. Oh, man. lessons over here. Are you going to be walking the streets today just chest high? Motherfucker.
Oh, man.
He's going to be driving around like
the Academy Award
winner who played
you'll be playing ball
at Pelican Bay.
Come on.
Denzel Washington.
What movie is that? Training Day. What a flick. Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington. What movie is that? What movie is that?
Training Day.
Training Day.
What a flick.
What a flick.
What a flick.
King Kong ain't got shit on me.
Oh, my God.
His girl, too.
His Hispanico.
Is that Eva Mendez?
Oh, my God.
I got to go roast myself right now.
Hold on.
Podcast over.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's time out.
I'm going to put one on my belly button.
All right.
Sorry, Ray.
We got it. Oh, wow. That got escalated quick. Speaking of juniors. Yeah, let's time out. I'm going to put one on my belly button. Sorry, Ray.
That got escalated quick.
Speaking of juniors.
Kootenai Ice, 42 games this year.
Eight wins, 27 losses. Come on,
man.
Sorry about your own club. Put the fucking
phone down.
Put the phone down and watch some clips
of the power play. Holy shit shit that's like me fucking tweeting
out breakaway advice to a fucking star player in the league he would have been better off chirping
his own team's breakout maybe at least then it would have showed he cared instead he's ripping
on someone else's coach or do worry about your own club they're they're second last in the entire
league oh my god okay so moving on. Sorry about that one.
That's all right, brother.
Speaking of juniors, this guy was phenomenal in juniors
before he did go on to the NHL.
Our next guest, absolute legend of the game, phenomenal,
won a Stanley Cup, 1989 Calgary Flames.
Let's bring on now Theo Fleury.
This interview was brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing, but there is interview was brought to you by SeatGeek. Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year, and SeatGeek will
get you closer to the action for a great value. Like I've mentioned before on the show, ladies
and guys, I get the SeatGeek app on my phone. It's dynamite. It gets me the seats I need for
the price I want to pay. It's so easy to use, so simple. They shop around all the other sites out
there. They give you the seats that you're looking for based on how much you want to spend.
And you're never going to get beat.
There's no dirtbag scalpel who's going to take your money and run around the corner.
That doesn't happen.
Every purchase is fully guaranteed so you can shop with full confidence.
So make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 20 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 20 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
We're now pleased to be joined by an absolute fireball,
a man who dominated the NHL game for a long time.
He played over 1,000 games.
He had over a point per game.
That means he had over 1,000 points.
He won a gold medal.
He won a Stanley Cup.
He won a Canada Cup.
And he drove people nuts.
Thank you very much for joining Spittin' Chicklets.
Dio Flurry.
Hey, guys. How you doing?
We're doing great. We're doing great.
Now, listen, first off, we want to get some news. What are you up to these days? I've read about some public
speaking, some different things like that. Can you tell us what's going on in your life right now?
Yeah, I work in the field of trauma, mental health, and addiction. And I speak, I think,
once a week, somewhere different. uh writing books doing documentaries and uh
doing a little bit of singing and writing country music i saw yeah you're doing a bunch of country
stuff i think you sang at the stampede a few years back did you not i did yep i sang in the middle of
the uh johnny reed concert do you get a little nervous going on stage playing music?
Or is it like hockey, you just get out there and you have a good time?
Yeah, it's pretty much the same.
I grew up around music, so I've been singing my whole life.
So it's been  it's a little bit different, but still it's the same prep.
We have a pregame skate.
It's a little bit different, but still it's the same prep.
We have a pregame skate.
We have, you know, we do all the things that we did leading up to playing a hockey game.
So when the lights come on, it's time to perform.
Wow.
And it's the holiday season.
Have you been following up on the World Juniors at all? Did you watch that 14-0 spanking by the Canadians?
Yeah, it was awesome.
I was hoping they'd get 20.
You're ruthless.
Hey, you got to send a message to those other teams that they ain't messing around.
Speaking of sending messages, it's been about, jeez,
31, 32 years since the so-called punch-up in Pistany,
which occurred in what was then known as Czechoslovakia.
It was the second period of a game with Canadians playing Russia.
Now, this wasn't a line brawl.
This was a full-on team brawl, benches cleared, like straight out of Slapshot.
I mean, never mind a yard sale.
This looked like Canadian Tire.
There was so much equipment all over the place.
Both teams got tossed from the tourney.
What kicked that off?
Why was there so much bad blood?
Give us a little bit of background on that deal.
I think a lot of our listeners probably don't even know about it.
Yeah.
Well, it was the old format where everybody played each other once,
and the team with the best record won the gold medal.
So it came down to the final
game it was us and russia and could finish no higher than six and if we beat them by four goals
uh we would have won the gold medal and so they really didn't have anything to play for
and so the game was kind of really chippy and dirty.
And, you know, we had a team that was probably the toughest
Canadian World Junior team ever assembled.
We had guys like Mike Keane and Steve Chason, Luke Richardson,
Ivan Corvo, Scotty Metcalf.
Like, we were tough.
And so there was a whistle and there was a face-off in our zone
in Everett, Santa Fe.
And this Russian guy started throwing punches at each other with their gloves on
because we were all wearing cages.
And then a bunch of us sort of went over to see what was happening.
I got cross-checked from behind.
Then one of our guys dropped the gloves with the guy that cross-checked me.
And then next thing you know, there's a five-on-five on the ice.
then next thing you know there's a five on five on the ice and then i looked up and both benches were clearing and gloves and helmets and everything were flying and fists were flying
so we had a full-on bench clearing brawl which at the time shouldn't have been that unusual
because it was happening in the western Hockey League practically every night.
And so, you know, it just got out of hand.
But the game had no meaning for the Russians.
And, you know, you ever heard the story about the Czechs and the Russians playing to a 0-0
tie at the World Championships?
So, like, Canada couldn't win a medal.
So, it was probably, you know, the same.
And, yeah, so we got kicked out of the tournament.
And, yeah, it was weird.
Well, ironically enough, the next year, well, it first came out you guys were going to be suspended
from international competition for 18 months,
got changed to six.
So you went on next year.
And ironically enough, like I said,
the World Juniors was in Moscow.
So luckily you guys won the gold medal.
You're a champion in that.
But I want to know, were you ever worried about anything?
Did you hear anything about some payback going to Russia?
Was that kind of weird after the brawl with them the year before?
No, it was kind of business as usual I think once they left the suspension it was uh everything was all good and uh you know that was uh that was an interesting experience
being you know back-to-back years, playing in communist countries was pretty crazy.
At one point during that fight, Theo, they actually shut the lights off in the arena.
Had you ever seen that before?
And secondly, were you thinking, what the hell is going on here?
Like, when they shut the lights off?
All I said was, keep swinging to myself.
All I said was keep swinging to myself.
Yeah, it was weird because, you know,
the officials were trying to get some kind of control and it was so out of control that, you know,
the last ditch effort to sort of get us to stop fighting
was to turn the lights off and the refs actually
ran off the ice like they were you know they didn't know what to do it was funny when the
lights came back on there was probably i don't know five or six russian guys that were knocked
out cold on the ice so just body bags for him you kind of mentioned the fact that in the western hockey league it was like
that every night were you were you playing during the era when they finally had to break teams up
from warm-up because they'd be getting too many warm-up scraps yeah that was that was because of
me okay well let's hear about it in the playoffs one year, we were playing against Medicine Hat.
And, you know, those dummies that skate across the red line every warm-up, you know?
Yeah, it is. They don't even take shots on net.
So they had this dummy that was playing for them, and he was lipping off.
And so I pitchforked him as he was like Alice Slapshot.
You know how they were skating around?
When he was skating around, I met him at center ice,
and I absolutely pitchforked him, which started a brawl.
And then after that, we had separate warm-ups.
That's hilarious.
Well, so we've interviewed a lot of undersized players in the NHL,
and now it seems, you know, the people are just getting
players are getting smaller overall,
and you don't have to be big to make it to the NHL anymore.
But you were pretty much one of the original,
if not the original undersized player to become a star,
and you didn't do it in just skills.
You did it by just being a pain in the ass.
You're talking about Pitchfork and that guy.
It was constantly the penalty minutes in junior are incredible to see. Did you just play like that from the minute you put on skates were you always
just figuring all right i'm gonna be a pain in the ass or was it just something that grew over time
well as a 16 year old in the western hockey league i was five foot two 125 pounds. And we went into Prince Albert one night.
My first game at Prince Albert.
Prince Albert, they ended up winning the Memorial Cup that year.
And they had a line of guys that all had 300 penalty minutes.
The whole entire line had 300 penalty minutes each.
And on defense, they had Baumgartner and Manson were defense partners.
And so my first shift, I got hit by Dave Manson,
and I thought I broke every bone in my body.
And I said to myself, I go, that can never happen again.
And so my stick became the great equalizer,
and I became very good with my stick and my elbows.
And, you know, I would cut your eye out,
and it wouldn't bother me one bit.
Little doctor, little doctor hook.
And so, you know, that's the game that I had to play
in order to have success on the ice.
I needed to get room on the ice.
And if I didn't play that way, I would have never had the career that I had.
And, you know, I realized early on, too, that 75 of the guys that play are bluffers.
You know, they talk tough,
but they'll never drop their gloves.
And so, you know, I was very good at psychology too.
I knew how to get under guys' skin.
I knew how to get them off their game.
And so, you know, and I was crazy, you know,
and I played the game that way is, you know, if you were going to hurt me,
I was going to hurt you. And, you know, if you were going to hurt me, I was going to hurt you.
And, you know, guys knew that I was unpredictable.
And nine times out of ten, you know, they didn't come calling
because they knew they were going to get their eye cut out.
Theo, if you were 6'2", say, do you think you'd be the same player
or did your size really contribute to the chip on your shoulder
that you played with? I don't know if I if I was six two if that would have made a difference
or not you know I think that um you know I I had I had big skill and I'm and you know as the uh
the hockey nerds would say a high hockey IQ.
And so, you know, like I said,
I needed to get room on the ice in order to have success.
And the only way I knew how to do that was, you know,
to be unpredictable.
And yeah, and the game was a lot slower back then too, you know and and so i had a lot of speed and agility and and so the more room i would create for myself the better it was
for my game i'm wondering back then um you know nowadays people talk about initiation or hazing
and it's such this hot button issue but back in the day i mean listen there must have been some
things you had to do when you came to junior.
Do you remember anything in particular being a 16-year-old?
You're like, oh, my God, my rookie year can't end quick enough.
Nobody touched me because I fought everybody that tried to come near me.
Got to respect that.
You're not a bluffer.
No, I'm not a bluffer.
Does it amaze you to some degree deal that even after your career
like Marty St. Louis career the success of guys like Brad Marchand and Johnny Gaudreau that
some front office types are still reluctant to draft a guy because of his size even if he has
all the talent in the world well I always say the amount of stupid people that run the game of hockey and it's still a great game, you know, a lot of these guys that scout,
they have no idea because they've never really played the game at a high level
and they don't appreciate, you know, big-time talent, big-time skill.
And, you know, obviously the game is built for skill and speed and talent
and all of that. And so, you know, I would say it's a lot easier now
for little guys to make an impact than at any time before.
You know, if you look at Tampa Bay, you know,
they got Kucherov, Point, Johnson.
You know, they got a lot of guys that aren't the biggest guys in the world,
but they have tremendous speed and big-time talent.
And, you know, back in the day, they used to say, you know,
a big guy has to prove he can't play, and a little guy has to prove he can play.
And now I think that's totally different.
Now I think that's totally different.
You know, it's, you know, the game is moving towards speed and skill and talent and ability.
And so, you know, I would say now is the best time at any point in the NHL
where, you know, little guys are having an impact and, you know,
are doing incredibly well.
Yeah, absolutely.
Times have changed.
I mean, just even going back, you were eighth round pick, 166 overall.
After your last three years of junior, you're 100 points a year,
every year, 160 points in your last year in Moose Jaw.
And then you ended up only spending a half a year in the minors.
Just talk about that adjustment to going to pro hockey at the IHL level. year in Moose Jaw and then you ended up only spending a half a year in the minors just talk
about that adjustment to going to pro hockey at the AHL or sorry IHL level and then busting into
the NHL level yeah it was it was uh well I'd never lived on my own and so it was a good
opportunity for me to you know be an adult I adult, I guess, for the first time.
And, you know, learn how to pay bills and find an apartment, find furniture, you know, that kind of stuff.
And but what was really interesting was, you know, I led the team in scoring in the preseason and wasn't really expecting to be sent down.
So I went down and I sulked for a couple of weeks and got off to a terrible start down there.
And then I had a meeting with the coach.
And our coach at the time was Paul Baxter.
And he was kind of a defensive-minded coach.
And so him and I had this meeting,
and we basically came to an agreement that he said,
once the puck is in our zone, he says, you have to play my system.
He said, as soon as you get the puck over the blue line,
he says, you can do whatever you want.
And I bet you I didn't spend more than five minutes in my own zone
the rest of that season.
And I went on a tear of all tears.
I think I had 74 points in 40 games.
And then I got called up to Calgary on January 1st, 1989.
And then six months later was carrying the Stanley Cup around the Montreal Forum.
It's so incredible.
And seeing the roster of guys.
And I'm also wondering, you know, you were 20 years old at the time.
Gary Roberts is 22.
Gary Suter is 24.
I mean, there's a lot of guys your age.
Were you hanging out with all those young guys or was it a team where everyone just
pretty much hung out together on the road?
Yeah, it was a pretty close team and it still is, you know, and we had incredible leadership.
You know, we had guys like Lanny and Jim Poplinski, Tim Hunter, Dougie
Gilmore, Al McInnes,
Joe Neuendijk,
Joey Mullen.
It was an incredible team.
As you know, close teams
usually
that are talented
have a pretty good chance of winning the Stanley
Cup every year.
You were a rookie on that 89 Cup winning Flames team.
By the way, I realized brushing up here,
they were the only team that ever won the Cup on Montreal's home ice.
I was unaware of that.
But you had five members of the Hockey Hall of Fame on that squad,
possibly six if they elect you someday.
Al McInnes, Joey Mullen, Dougie Gilmore, Joe Newendyke,
and like you said, Lanny McDonald.
Which of those guys taught you the most about leadership, Al McInnes, Joey Mullen, Dougie Gilmore, Joe Neuendijk, and like you said, Lanny McDonald.
Which of those guys taught you the most about leadership,
and what specifically did you learn about leadership on that cup run from those guys?
Well, I don't think I could have been mentored by a better group of guys,
but I think from top to bottom, we had incredible leadership from everybody.
And, you know, to single out one specific guy
would be probably not right.
You know, we had guys like Rick Wamsley
and Colin Patterson and, you know, Mike Vernon.
And, you know, we had so many incredible quality human beings on that team.
I think that's probably the biggest reason why we had the success that we did.
Not only were we a talented team, but we had a bunch of really humble,
hardworking, talented guys.
But Lanny was the guy that drove the bus and and uh he led by example
and and uh you know it was just i couldn't have been a part of a better situation than the one
that i you know i arrived to on on january 1st 1989 was gary roberts uh an off-ice nut as far as the training and stuff back then?
No, he was smoking and drinking at that time,
like the rest of us old school guys.
We were all smoking and drinking and having fun.
Hey, was anyone smoking between periods?
We used to in the minors.
We had a smoking room in the minors but we got to the
nhl they were a little bit uh um they didn't like that stuff so so we chewed instead so like not
quite protein shake era but just like hey guys can't be hacking darts in the locker room anymore
you know what we'll give you a six pack the game, but let's draw the line there.
Well, in the old Montreal Forum, they had astrays in the stalls.
They were built into the stalls.
That's when hockey was awesome.
That's crazy.
Astray in the locker room.
Now, as a young guy, you're in a cup run your first season.
Did you think you're going to have that chance every season,
or did one of the older guys pull you aside and say,
hey, kid, you might never get this far again, so make the most of it?
No, we probably should have won another one in Calgary,
if not maybe two more.
But that's why they play 82 games and they have the playoffs.
You know, it's the hardest trophy to win.
And, you know, we had some really great teams in Calgary,
but unfortunately after that run in 89,
we couldn't get out of the first round of the playoffs.
And so, you know.
Let's talk more about the happy times.
What about that celebration afterward?
Was it the Red Mile back then?
Was that what it was called?
No, it was called Electric Avenue.
Okay, so they switched it up a little.
They switched it up a little, yep.
So what was going on with this?
That must have been a crazy shaker.
It was pretty nuts.
You don't want to dive into it?
I know I was loaded for 21
days in a row after we won.
So not
a lot of those stories you can remember. We'll have to dig
them up from some of your old teammates.
No, it was
like every other Stanley
Cup celebration, you know?
I don't know, man. I don't even know if Ovi
went 21 days.
No,
I would put Ovi in a body bag, zip him up, and send him home.
Hey, he'd be like one of those guys from the punch out in Pistania
just laying there when the lights came on.
Exactly.
That's good content.
There wasn't too many guys that could keep up to me anyway.
Hey, that's good content.
We're going to do a Spit and Checkouts original.
We're going to have a drinking contest between you and Ovi.
I don't drink anymore.
I drank enough for 100,000 people, so I'm full.
I don't need it anymore.
Hey, well, I'm actually curious.
So, you know, you go on to win the cup.
The next year you get 31 goals.
And then the next year after that, that's when it really just exploded.
51 talks, 104 points.
Could you tell, like, right when you came in the league or that second year,
like, listen, I think I can be a 100-point scorer.
I think I could be one of the best offensive players in the league.
Or did that year even surprise you?
You know, I was playing with Dougie Gilmore.
So, you know, pretty easy to get 50 playing with him.
So I think it was just confidence.
And then that confidence just grew and built.
But more importantly is, you know, I wanted to be a complete player.
is, you know, I wanted to be a complete player.
And so, you know, the following year,
I started working on being a better penalty killer and being a good face-off guy.
And, you know, because the more things you're good at,
the more times you're on the ice, you know.
And, you know, I think there was a stretch of time
where I led the NHL in ice time for forwards.
I think I was playing like 23 to 25 minutes a night just because I was a good penalty killer.
I was a good face-off guy.
I was good in the last minute of the game holding on to a lead and all that stuff.
And that's what I tell these young kids all the time is that if you want more ice time,
then you better get good at all things that are involved in the game.
And that means face-offs and killing penalties and being good along the boards
in the last minute of the games.
And, you know, because the coach, you need to have the coach be able to trust you.
And the more you're good at that kind of stuff, the more you're going to be put on the ice i completely agree with that another thing you were known for uh was you were very hard on
officials like that has been documented i'm more curious about you know some of the stuff and
arguments you would get into whatever ever maybe cross the line?
And have you had to maybe call around to some of these guys and apologize for putting them in a mental pretzel?
Well, Gary Fraser, who I am really good friends with now,
but not at the time,
I used to tell him there wasn't enough mustard and relish
to spread all over him.
He was such a hot dog.
tell him there wasn't enough mustard and relish to spread all over him.
He was such a hot dog.
That is such an old man
shirt, but back then people must have loved it.
Yeah, well.
Which is crazy.
They hated
it when you called them a
sea sucker.
Oh, they don't like that word.
I did that.
Bad mistake.
That's an automatic 10-minute misconduct every time.
You can get away with a lot of things,
but as soon as you throw that word out there, you're done.
I feel like the NHL's lost that.
It's like the battle between a certain player and referee.
Now, like, these guys are so sensitive,
they're going to dime you up for even looking at them the wrong way.
Back then, it was like, oh, man, the Flames got Frazier tonight.
Him and Fleury are going to be going at it all night.
And that's the fucking way it was, no?
Yeah, it was like that.
A lot of times when I saw Kerry Frazier's name on the list,
I told the coach, you know what, this set me out tonight
because I'm going to be in the box all night anyway.
And sure enough, that's the way it was.
I can picture you're like Billy Madison calling old referees
and they're just like crossing your name off a list.
Like, oh, geez, I'm glad I called that guy.
But you know what, there was a lot of guys that, you know, like the linesmen were always awesome.
I love the linesmen.
Like I remember one time we were playing at home,
and we were up by a goal, and we were in the last minute,
and the faceoff was on the right-hand circle.
And Ray Scappinello came by me
and said don't worry he says kid I got you on the face-off and I was looking at him like what
the hell is he talking about so we line up for the draw he throws the puck between my legs and
it goes right into the corner I didn't even have to win the face-off we went puck got rimmed around
the boards we went in and scored on an empty net so it was awesome.
off. We went, puck got rimmed around the boards. We went in and scored on an empty net.
So it was awesome.
You know, you
mentioned you led the team in a bunch of categories.
What about pranks? Were you a big
prank guy in the locker room?
No, not really.
No.
I was good at the
chirps.
And I was really good at giving guys their
nicknames.
Ones that they would like or ones that they would hate
sometimes
they would like it sometimes they would hate it
you know
you take
you take somebody's
you know sort of
personal defect and you turn it into
their nickname you know what I mean like defect and he turned it into their nickname. You know what I mean?
Like we had this kid from Sweden who like he never combed his hair ever in his life.
And he was kind of a skinny guy.
So we called him Skeletor.
And his name stuck like for his whole entire career.
His name was Thomas Forslund.
Wow.
Anyone else?
Anyone else you give nicknames to
that stuck?
I'm trying
to think.
I want to know your most famous.
What was your Mona Lisa?
That was pretty good.
Was Gilmore already killer at that point?
Yeah, he was already killer. To that like to me that would be like wow that's a mona lisa so so when vernie got a few
drinks in him mike vernon when he got it got a little buzz going he was he was always wanted to be this real estate, Wall Street guy, right?
So he would always be talking about money and finances and everything.
And so I nicknamed him Ross Perot.
I like that.
Jordan Gekko would have been a good one.
Is it Jordan?
Gordon.
Gordon.
Gordon Gekko.
I'm going to get Torch for that.
Well, because if you remember Ross Perot,
he was just this little short shit who had lots of money,
and Bernie was a little short shit that had lots of money,
so it was perfect.
Speaking of Bernie,
do you think he's one of the most underrated goaltenders
of the last 30 years, Theo?
Yeah, he should be in the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Two Stanley Cups, a con smite, a whole bunch of wins. Yeah. Yeah, he should be in the hockey hall of fame two Stanley Cups a con smite
whole bunch of wins yeah yeah he's in there seems like a guy whose name doesn't get brought up as
much as perhaps it should uh just fast forward a little he he made he made we played Vancouver
in the first round of the year we won the Stanley Cup. And in game seven, in overtime,
he made three of the most incredible saves
that nobody ever talks about.
And without, we're not talking about a Stanley Cup.
So he was an unbelievable competitor
and he wasn't the biggest guy in the world,
but he was, he competed every night and uh
he was awesome yeah he was a money goalie now fast forward ahead a little in your career you
were traded to colorado on february 28th in 1999 was that a surprise to you that you got traded or
was there some indication that uh the flames were sharp in you? Yeah, I met with the owners a week before that.
We tried to get a contract done, and we were about 5 million apart.
And so a week later, I got traded to Colorado, and yeah.
And, I mean, you had a hell of a playoff run with Colorado
after they acquired you with Deadline Deal.
I think they knocked out in the semifinals.
You played with some incredible players there, Joe Sackett, Peter Forsberg,
Patrick Waugh.
Their careers were all peaking at that time.
I mean, what was it like?
I mean, you obviously played with some unbelievable guys in Calgary,
but what was it like playing with those three guys as their careers were peaking,
three eventual Hall of Famous?
Well, it was like playing on an all-star team.
That's what it was, you know?
And, you know, my first game in Colorado,
we played actually down in the game.
And so Bob Hartley, who was our coach at that time,
he put me, Forsberg, and Sackick on a line together.
And we zipped it around in the offensive zone for two minutes.
And they didn't touch the puck.
And it ended with me basically getting a pass from Sandus Ozelinch.
getting a pass from Sandus Ozelinch,
and I swear to God, I basically skated it right into the net,
put it over the goal line, took the puck back out,
grabbed it and threw it to the referee.
That's how sick that was.
Well, speaking of playing on basically an all-star team, the year before that, in 1998, you made Team Canada.
It's pretty much the dream team people called it
when NHL players returned to the Olympics.
Now, that Olympics is remembered for Wayne Gretzky
not going in the shootout against the Czech Republic.
I think it was in the semifinals.
Do you remember being on the bench and thinking, like,
is Gretzky going to shoot?
Or did you, at that time, were you not even really
thinking about it?
I was worried about me
because I was going first in the shootout.
So you went instead of the great one.
Did you score?
I said to myself, just don't
fall down.
No, I missed.
Well, we all missed, all five of us.
Oh, no shit.
Hey, was Gretz in the locker
room after being like, what the
fuck was that? Or maybe he was still on the bench.
You know what? I don't know the whole
entire story behind that whole
thing, but
the guy that has 900
career goals and you sit him on the bench,
I don't know, bad coaching move.
Theo, you won Olympic gold in 2002 and you won Stanley Cup silver in 1989.
Which one was better?
It's hard to compare, you know,
because winning the Stanley Cup is a 12-month process
and winning the Olympics is two weeks, right?
So they're completely different situations.
But, you know, a win is a win is a win is a win.
So, you know, and that's why we play the game.
We play the game to win.
We play the game to put ourselves in situations that, you know,
we do have opportunities to win, and, you know, that team was insane.
That's all I can say.
You know the fourth line on that team?
Do you know who the fourth line was on that team?
Give it to us.
Theo Fleury,
Joe Neuendijk, Brendan
Shanahan. Look up the career stats.
That was the fourth line.
How are you going to lose with that
as your fourth line?
Did you ever just look around the room?
Even though you were one of the older guys on the team,
did you ever just look around the room, slack-jaw even though you were one of the older guys in the team, did you ever just look around the room, slack-jawed,
at, like, the collection of talent that was on one hockey team?
Yeah, every second I was a part of it.
I was just like, this is crazy.
You know?
Like, practices were hilarious.
Practices were hilarious.
Would guys give a T about being on the fourth line?
No. Yeah, they didn't about being on the fourth line? No.
Yeah, they didn't want to stir the pot, eh?
I want to go back to you.
You were traded to Colorado.
You had an unbelievable playoff.
I know you said you were trying to work out a deal with Calgary.
Did having that huge playoff end up paying off in free agency
because you ended up signing with the Rangers, obviously?
Yeah.
I got 11 million more from the Rangers than the Flames were offering me.
So, yeah, I would say the playoffs had a lot to do with it.
I mean, what's the math guy?
Is that good?
11 million.
Yeah, that'll change a couple things.
What was the adjustment like going from, well, Calgary, then Denver,
until like the bright lights, big city of Manhattan?
It must have been a little bit overwhelming,
even for a guy who's been in the league for so long, no?
Yeah, I remember driving into an exhibition game on the Hudson Parkway and just as I was reaching the
city I looked up and there was a billboard of me in a Ranger jersey and I
was like oh my god am I ready for this and uh yeah it was uh it's a different place it's uh but there's nothing
like playing 41 games at Madison Square Garden I'll tell you it's uh an amazing building it's
amazing they have amazing fans and and uh you know it's unfortunate that we didn't
have a whole lot of success while i was there but you know we had an incredible amount of talent but
we couldn't keep the puck out of our own net so
but was that difficult for you was that difficult for you being like a big free agent coming in
and all of a sudden like they can't find answers?
And, you know, you guys missed playoffs three years in a row.
Like, did you feel like maybe the media was getting on you?
And all of a sudden for the first time in your career,
I mean, you're in like one of the hockey hotbeds of the world
and you're facing the heat.
Yeah, you know what?
As soon as you get like three or four blocks outside of Madison Square Garden,
you're just a regular New Yorker.
So, you know, I didn't really see or feel, you know, the pressure as, you know,
what it's like to play in a Canadian city, you know.
You know, there was a few beat writers and, you know, some TV stuff.
But, you know, and then our practice rink was in Rye, you know.
And so, you know, we were pretty sheltered from the media and the pressure, you know.
So, probably the biggest pressure was the fact that I signed this big contract.
And in the first year, you know, the team did poorly.
And so I would say the expectations on myself were probably greater than, you know,
the pressure that, you know, the fans and the media put on you.
I would say that prepared you for probably the biggest test of your career,
playing for the Belfast Giants in the EIHL.
Now, a lot of people probably have no idea what that caliber hockey is like,
but me and you do.
I was pretty much an all-star there.
I'm sure you were as well.
Well, you know, the hockey is terrible,
but the life experience was absolutely incredible.
That's where I actually got sober.
I got sober in Belfast of all places.
Only guy ever to do that.
Only guy ever to do that.
I like a challenge, I guess.
Somebody over you.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, they have amazing fans over there.
They play in an incredible building
and Northern Ireland anybody ever get a chance to go visit go visit because it's a spectacular place
well hey Theo we want to thank you for for coming on I have actually a copy of one of your books
playing with fire was sent over by Christy McClellan Day,
who actually just wrote Kudrow's book as well.
So she's kind of the voice of the players, at least on paper.
Do you want to talk about that a little bit?
Are you still kind of touring around and doing things involving that?
Yeah.
Well, you know, writing that book changed my life like forever, you know, and because when I first sat down to write the book, I wasn't I wasn't going to talk about anything other than my hockey career.
And, you know, early on in the process of writing the book, you know,
Kirstie and I, you know, I got to trust her and I felt really comfortable.
And, you know, three years later, finished the book and, you know, and I didn't leave anything out.
I told the whole entire story.
out. I told the whole entire story. And it was really interesting because, you know,
I didn't want to be the poster boy for sexual abuse, but I ended up being that guy. And, you know, like I said, it's really changed my life and give me a whole new purpose, you know, like I said, it's really changed my life
and given me a whole new purpose.
You know, I thought that, you know, I could just be a hockey player
and sort of fade off into the sunset and whatever,
but, you know, writing the book, like I said, really changed my life
and put perspective on really why I was
meant to be here in the first place and and you know every day I get the
opportunity to help people and and talk to people who had similar experience
such as myself and and you know it know, it's been incredible.
And, you know, there's not too many people that have speaking careers
that last 10 years, but I'm going into my 10th year now
speaking on the subject of trauma, mental health, and addiction,
and it doesn't seem like it's going to slow down.
I'm actually probably more busy
now than I've ever been at any point in my life. And, you know, we've had some of our brothers
in the game succumb to suicide. And, you know, I just wish that there was more emphasis put on mental health in the game
and in public as much as we can because we're losing too many people
and I think suicide is unnecessary.
And so, you know, that's why I'm out there busy and speaking about this subject
and trying to help people get through what they need to get through.
Well, Theo, I mean, you've overcame a lot.
You had an unbelievable hockey career.
Now you're helping tons of people out.
I encourage all of you listening to go get this book,
Playing With Fire.
It's actually forward by Wayne Gretzky as well.
We wish you luck.
We'll obviously love to have you on again.
Maybe we'll do a live Canadian tour.
And once again, man, you're doing a lot of great things out there
and helping a lot of people so thank you
very much for coming on
I appreciate it
and I'll let
you know your show's called
Spitting Chicklets
I've had my front
teeth replaced nine times
so I would say I'm the perfect
guest for your show
What's your dentist Russian? So I would say I'm the perfect guest for your show. I have to make you the new logo.
What's your dentist, Russian?
Yeah, it was called Coho back then.
Speed for movers.
All right, Theo, thank you very much.
Good luck with the continued success.
All right, guys.
You guys too.
You guys are doing a great job.
Big thank you to
Theo Fleury.
Some awesome
stories, especially
the junior stories,
the Canadian World
Juniors.
That was a wild
brawl.
You know, for those
of you maybe
wondering, we didn't
really want to go
into like the crazy
aspects.
If you're interested
in some of the crazy
things about Theo's
life, he has a few
books out.
He's very candid about it.
And we talked about it a bit during that interview.
Like he's doing a lot of good work.
It takes a, you know,
a lot of jam to be able to go out there and tell your story and help change
lives.
So shout out to Theo Fleury now getting it done off the ice as well.
And R.A., what else do we got?
Yeah, just on a personal note, it was a thrill to talk to him.
I enjoyed watching his career from my younger years,
so it was a thrill to talk to him.
Jeff Skinner, boys, I mean, this guy keeps making more money and more money.
Tuesday night, he got his 29th goal of the season.
Of course, we know he's going to be unrestricted at the end of the year.
I think the big question is for the Buffalo Sabres. Are they going to sit, hang on to him,
try to get a good playoff run, trade him for what they could probably get, at least a first rounder?
What do you think? What's your Buffalo doing? What kind of money is Skinner going to be looking at?
Oh, that's a great question, man. He ends up going and get 50 goals, dude.
He can kind of decide what he wants to make.
There's going to be a ton of teams out there looking for him.
The good thing is Buffalo's going to have a ton of cap room.
They did not talk about re-signing him before the season.
I think the team and the player both agreed, let's have him play.
Let's let him play the season.
Let's let his mind be clear, and he's gone out and dominated.
So it's going to be very hard for  it's not going to be hard for Buffalo
to re-sign them, but it just keeps getting more expensive and more expensive.
And at some point Rasmus Dallin is going to have to be signed. Eichel already is signed.
So luckily with that, you know, they already have his future kind of set in stone,
but I don't see how you don't really give a huge effort in signing him after this year.
You'll, you'll wonder many times with players, you wonder, all right, well, you've gone there
and you've seemed to fit in perfectly with Eichel. He's playing the best hockey of his career. Why
would you want to leave, especially if Buffalo is willing to pay you a ton of money? But you just
never know when someone's UFA, it's finally all up to them where they want to go, where they want
to be. And when you look at the Buffalo Sabres, I don't see why you wouldn't want to be there,
right? No, maybe it's not the best place in the world besides Chippewa Street. If you want to get
crippled, we've talked about that. But, you know, some people may complain, very tough winters,
long winters, but great fans. So if you're looking just at the hockey part of it, you'd think Skinner
had a ton of success here. He goes on to get 40, 50 goals this year. Why would he want to change?
You just don't know where his head's at. So hopefully he wants to be in Buffalo for the
Sabres management team and knowing that they can continue to keep them there. It's going to cost them, but they'd still
like to have him. But when he comes down
to deciding, it could be, yeah, I love playing here.
I love playing with Eichel, but I'd rather go somewhere else
and I'm going to get just as much money there.
It's going to be a really interesting thing to see
how it plays out. I think
Buffalo making the playoffs could do a huge
could do themselves a huge favor in terms of
resigning him. Look what we already did this year when people
planned on us finishing last,
unless you're talking to Mikey Grinelli, who picked this the entire time.
So he could get about 8 million, 9 million a year.
I mean, he really could.
It's going to come down to where he wants to be, and rightfully so.
After being through what he's gone through injury-wise in his playing career,
he deserves to be a UFA and decide that.
I think he gets eight years and a little bit north of 60 million.
That's another thing. He can get eight years only if he stays in Buffalo.
Does he really want that extra year?
That's very
much helpful for the Sabres.
That extra year, seven years from now, maybe you don't
get that if you don't light it up.
I think they're going to have to overpay him, obviously.
To me, that's one
guy based on his off-ice habits.
He's not a crazy partier.
Yeah, obviously his skating is extremely strong,
and if you can skate, you can play as long as you want.
You talked about his injuries.
Well, I mean, over the last three seasons before this one,
he'd only missed three games.
Yeah, but he had a little rough time before that.
I just mean he's been through some tough times injury-wise in his career.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, yeah, as of of late as far as his off ice habits go how healthy he is he's the type of guy that i think is going to be able to play out that contract and still be
relevant on the back end of it because of how he treats his body you you see some guys sign you're
like oh yeah oh yeah and you know i don't want to rip
on backus because i i love him and and he's a great player it's just when you know we sign that
deal with the bees you're like on the on the two last years that deal like he's going to be slowing
down just on how he's built and he's played a lot harder game a hundred. I look at Jeff Skinner. He's going to be
27 in May. If he signs an
eight-year deal, he's 35. Now, I'm with you
because he can skate. I think that's a guy
that could play out the contract, but no matter who
you are now, 35, dude, every
year it's going to be older and older NHL-wise.
We'll see what happens
if he does get that eight-year deal on the
sixth, seventh, eighth year. To tell you the
truth, when these teams sign these eight, seven-year deals,
dude, unless the guy's Jack Eichel and he's coming off his entry-level deal,
they can almost plan.
Listen, we plan on five good years, but six, seven, and eight,
it may not be what we're paying for, and that's why the salaries may decrease then.
So it'll be interesting to see.
But nonetheless, he's had a monster year.
And talk about having a monster year when you need to.
It's all about timing in life.
It's timing, timing in life.
It's timing.
Everything.
You would have three years when you suck or not suck,
but you're not playing great.
And then that fourth year you get 45 goals and look at you,
look at you.
You're set for life.
You can't even spend it.
So good for him.
Yeah.
Basically, if you're Buffalo,
you got to play it by ear.
If you know,
per chance they fade by the deadline,
then you can deal them for it.
I think it'd be a no brainer to deal them because you can get a pick back and then you can fucking resign them. You know, in the summertime, you can, per chance they fade by the deadline, then you can deal them. I think it would be a no-brainer to deal them because you can get a pick back,
and then you can fucking re-sign them, you know, in the summertime.
You can still get them.
Like you said, Wits, he's only going to be 27 in May.
I think he's going to get seven times, seven and a half,
wherever he ends up, seven times.
Yeah, I think seven and a half mil would probably be good for him.
I think that's an interesting take, R.A.
I know, like, I'm curious to know how Buffalo Sabres fans would react
to the fact,
if you're right on the bubble of that wild card position.
They can't.
You say you can't deal them?
Can't.
Can't.
Really?
I mean, we talk about staying the course with Bergevin,
or Bergevin, however the fuck I read.
Bergevin.
Bergevin.
Boys, I bet you get a 50-50 split.
I know you're a little antsy to make
playoffs and you've got a successful team for the first time in a while but bud this isn't your
window is not now your window is in like probably two years when i would say doleen's probably off
on the last year of his entry level yeah yeah no no your argument is completely valid my point is the excitement buffalo's had this year
how the fans have just dived in dove in excuse me i'm can't be that tunnel vision though i know
listen the chance of them trading him at the deadline first of all you're not going to get
a ton because he's a rental player you're not going to get an enormous guarantee you get a
first rounder for him okay who has a tiny window guarantee you get a first rounder for him. Okay.
Who has a tiny window.
Okay.
You get a first rounder.
That'll be the 25th to 31st selection.
Still first rounder.
Yes.
But does that really hinder your chance of resigning him?
If you want to resign the guy, dude, and you trade him,
like he's probably not going to resign there.
I mean, I know that's possible.
If I'm the GM, I learned from the Tavares situation for the simple fact that buffalo is not a desired place for free agents and to me that's why you overpay him to
keep him before then yeah but if you're unable to get confirmation which is obviously him signing
i say fuck it yeah because all of a sudden all of a sudden man he's like getting offers from like
i don't know i'm just gonna throw LA out there or a market or Dallas
or somewhere where it's like warm, no state tax.
I know I'm going to get fucking slaughtered for that comment.
Just bring it on, bitches.
But, man, you've got to learn from the Taveras situation.
The taxes in Buffalo suck.
It's not that nice.
We're well aware of that.
The chip strip can only stroke that guy off so much
i'm saying you don't get him signed ship him off for some good assets if he if he tells you i'm not
resigning yeah i mean no but if he tells you i'm not sure you ship him off i'm not talking about
him saying no obviously they're sitting if they're sitting if they're if they're sitting
seventh in the wild card on deadline day and he says, I'm not sure, there's a chance.
See you later.
See you later.
See you fucking later.
For a first rounder, you say.
What about for a second rounder?
No, no, no.
Somebody's going to be offering a first rounder for Jeff Skinner
and an asset, like something in the minors where you think might pan out
or another deeper pick but
trust me you have to learn from the tavera situation and i know buffalo fans would be like
fuck that you keep them and make a make a run you could be out the first round and then he doesn't
sign there you got nothing for him sorry all right we kind of ramble we got a bicker in a little bit
no that that's what we do here either way one thing is guaranteed. Skinner, Jeff Skinner is going to get paid.
Speaking of getting paid, I didn't get paid last week with the gambling corner.
It wasn't awful.
It wasn't my best showing.
I lost two games outright.
Washington, Tampa Bay, you guys were right.
I had Tampa and San Jose.
They did not win that game.
I had Calgary earlier in the day.
Calgary won outright, but they didn't cover the puck line.
So, a small loss last week with the gambling corner.
I hit that Aaron Donald bet, my NFL future, and then the Bruins in Chicago.
And I don't think I hit a bet since then.
So, I'm a little cool right now.
So, make of that what you will.
But I got a couple selections for the weekend for those of you who are so inclined to wager on a game chance. Friday night, I don't think there's a hotter
team than the Pittsburgh Penguins right now. They're in Anaheim. They've been playing probably,
I think, like I said, the best hockey in the league right now. Anaheim's not been playing bad.
I think Pittsburgh has been playing so well. Anaheim's been playing real bad.
Okay. Even more so than them. Like I always say, Whit, you've got a team on the road,
you're going to get a much better've got a team on the road.
You're going to get a much better line and a much better puck line.
So Friday night in Anaheim, take the Penguins.
I'm going to throw a unit on the money line.
And if Matt Murray starts, I'm going to throw a half unit on the puck line as well.
A couple picks for Saturday.
I usually don't do this often, but I'm going to be a homer. I'm going to take the Boston Bruins. They're in Toronto.
This is becoming one of the great little rivalries in the NHL.
A couple of teams, they weren't in the same division for a while.
They are now, and we've had a couple of epic playoff series.
And their games are always entertaining.
They're pretty tight.
They're always tightly contested, which makes goaltending all the more important.
And right now, Freddie Anderson is out.
He's not playing.
The Leafs are relying on a couple of backups.
They picked up a guy, a fellow on waivers, Mike Hutchinson. So as long as Freddie Anderson's out, the Bs are going to
have a distinct advantage here. So I'm going to throw a unit on the Bruins Saturday night in Tampa.
And my final pick, Saturday night as well, I'm going to go back to the well again with Tampa
Bay. They're at Buffalo. Again, nice price on the road. Tampa's still kicking ass. I know they lost
to San Jose, but they're just a well-oiled machine right now.
And I think they're going to be a pretty decent price.
So a unit on Tampa Bay.
And if Vasilevsky goes, throw a half unit on the puck line as well.
Speaking of Vasilevsky, was named as a replacement to the All-Star game.
Carey Price isn't going to play.
So Vas, he's going to be at the All-Star game.
So those are three picks.
Real quick, again, Pittsburgh Friday, money line and puck line.
If Murray starts Saturday night, Bruins over Toronto.
Also Saturday night, Tampa Bay over Buffalo.
And if Vassie starts, half a unit on the puck line for the Tampa Bay as well.
So see what happens there, boys.
So you guys know how, you know, when I come to NHL and I work here,
I always got some stats.
I got some stats.
Yeah, I've got stats.
Well, this one, these aren't even really related to me working in NHL right now,
but I got to give a shout out to Brendan Crossman.
He works with the National Hockey League.
He's a part of the team there right now that's doing some very special things
with stats.
So he kind of enjoyed my ranting and clip about his stats and how incredible he's been this year.
So he sent me some stats that I thought I should maybe read out to you guys.
You guys want to hear these?
You guys want to hear these stats?
Love to.
Got any stats?
Okay, guys.
Well, this is why I love Brendan Crossman.
I haven't even met this guy yet, and he's just a big  he's got a big fan in Witt.
This is first one. You can thank Sid and
Gino all you want, Witt, but you're actually tied with Duncan Keith. Ever heard of him? Number two,
Chicago Blackhawks, three-time Stanley Cup champ, two-time Olympic gold medal. I'm tied with him.
I'm tied with him for most points per game among defensemen selected in the 2002 draft.
So why doesn't every other D-man of points per game suck on that one and take away
my shit bag stint in Florida where I was minus 30 in seven games? I'm actually the leader at
0.55 points per game beating Duncan Keith. So why don't you take that stat and shove it up your
hoop? Speaking of Crosby and Malkin, who I very often bring up because of the money they gave me
in the passes they slid over to me and what they did with the passes I slid over to them.
Of the 150 regular season points that I got with the Pittsburgh Penguins,
at least one of those guys was involved in the scoring 84 times.
So that means that I actually got half of my points, or nearly half, 44,
without help from either one of them.
So why don't you bring on that one, Whit, for some stat talk?
I didn't need them necessarily
all the time. Biz, he sent
me a little Biz Nasty stat.
Biz had multiple points in a
game once in his career. On January
5th, 2010
in Edmonton.
And don't worry, it was 20 games
and about two months before they traded for
you. Listen, I wasn't there yet. You know what
I'm saying? It also happened to be the only time that the Coyotes surrendered
a pair of two-goal leads and still won the game
since they moved to Arizona.
Pretty impressive right there.
And this was my favorite one.
That I, Ryan Whitney, logged a career-high 33 minutes,
54 seconds time on ice on Halloween, my dad's birthday,
close to 34 minutes on Halloween in 2009 in Arizona, but only 52 seconds was against you, Biz, but you played five minutes
and 35 seconds.
So the kid asked me, Brennan said, how many pink Whitney's did I need after that one?
So yeah, there are some stats.
There are some Whitney and Bissonnette stats for you this week.
I know you bring up the NHL, but I read mine.
Was that the game?
I believe you guys might have won it in overtime,
and Derek Morris tried to take your head off.
I think so.
I'd been on Keith Yandel's bachelor party with him,
and all of a sudden he was literally with his bowling ball hands
trying to punch my face.
We've got to have him on and ask about that.
We are going to get Derek Morris on.
I run into him every now and then around town
because he still lives in Scottsdale,
and he is an interesting human being.
He's like a Duck Dynasty guy to me.
He's got that big, tough beard, too.
Oh, he's tough.
He had a long career.
Okay, so I always talk about how we had all these Arizona Coyotes when I was
or, sorry, Phoenix Coyotes at the time.
I had six  five or six guys hit 1,000 games when I played for the Yotes.
And every time there's a guy who plays 1,000 games,
you've got to get him like a watch.
So it cost me like 1,000, 1,500 out of my paycheck every time.
I was like, fuck, I'm never going to get 1,000 games,
and I'm dishing them out for these guys.
He was one of the guys that played 1,000 games and a great career,
tough as nails, played in Colorado, Calgary, Boston, New York.
Jesus Christ, you unpack your bags there.
But we're going to get him on, and he's got some fun stories.
So anything else we got, R.A.?
Just one other note.
Dominic Moore, longtime NHL career.
He just signed with a team in Switzerland.
I don't know if that means the end of his NHL career
or if he could end up back.
Just a real quick question, guys. If you could handpick any country in the planet where would
you want to play go to you first biz wow um I would I would actually love to do a year in
Moscow like I'm a sick puppy obviously you guys listen wow I mean you listen to a podcast um
just like the like the super clubs you hear about. I would just like to experience life, like living.
As a guy playing hockey there, if you have the right connections in Moscow,
you live life like a god.
I would be dating a supermodel.
I'd be dating two supermodels.
He would rob you blind too.
Yeah, that's cool, but I could tell a story on the podcast though.
And then I'd make the money back. Remember I said I never i never had gone in real well i got it and i lost all my
money but moscow was sick hey guys my dick literally just fell off should have seen i
looked down there's no covered wagon there's nothing it's just it's just skin but it was a
hell of a year look at go check in my refrigerator It's in the mason jar in the corner.
But there, fuck, maybe one other place.
Is this where I would want to play hockey or live?
No, if you were going to sign overseas like Don Moore just did, what country, anywhere on the planet you could play in one country,
what would it be?
I would probably say Stockholm, Sweden.
I did well there.
Pat myself on the back a couple notches.
I actually think Gothenburg.
I think I'd rather Gothenburg than Stockholm having to go in on both of them.
But I really wanted to play in Zurich, man.
I was trying to get in the Swiss League.
I couldn't get in when I had to go to Sochi that year.
I was like, why can't I get into this league?
It's so hard to get into that Swiss League.
I think they heard a couple bad things.
I had a couple questionable reputation things in terms of not being a great teammate.
Edmonton, that killed me when my career was ended and I was being a dickhead.
So that was unfortunate.
But I just picture Wolf of Wall Street when he goes over and meets the Swiss guy
and he's in that sick office.
I just pictured that would be me in Zurich, just an amazing office that I would do no work in with a huge aquarium fish tank and eating chocolate
and just being really rich in Zurich.
It was unfortunate I never got to go to Switzerland.
Davos would have been nice too, up in the mountains.
I would have been skiing for pregame skate.
But either way.
Imagine how clean my hoop would have been if I lived in Moscow.
Oh, my God.
Jesus.
I know, obviously, I didn't have a career,
but I'm going to answer as well.
I like to play in Germany, man.
Germany seems like a fun country.
The competition's pretty good.
It's not the best in Europe.
It's getting better.
Yeah.
Oh, speaking of Germany, R.A., well, you're a party man.
They have a couple crazy, crazy clubs in Berlin,
and you can actually Google this famous bouncer,
and he's just covered in tattoos.
And you get,
some people have to wait in line for hours to get into this place.
And the club opens on like Thursday and then stays open till Monday.
Like it doesn't close.
And you go in there and people are like shooting up heroin.
Some people are fucking like, it's just no pictures.
You take a picture, you're gone.
I'm not sure what you think of me guy.
Oh, you're exactly what I thought. You they shoot up heroin what i was thinking of when you said germany but the thing is is like if i strolled up there he'd probably look me up and down and go
nah you have to like have this certain certain type of look so i'm thinking you're strolling
up with your boston bruins uh jogging pants your Devils, like, T-shirt you stole out of the garbage,
or Florida Panthers today.
Hopefully, you know, I can throw up the clip.
But, and then, like, whatever, fucking Hartford Whalers, too,
could probably give you the nod, and you'd go in there,
and you'd see some sick shit.
So, maybe you need to take a trip to Germany.
I used to love clubs.
I mean, I was a club guy.
It's all I wanted to do.
There was like one club in Boston when I was 25.
We used to go to their mansion in the alley.
I don't even know.
Boston was not a club city.
It's becoming one sort of, but I just love clubs.
I despise clubs now.
I have no desire whatsoever to go to a club.
Once in a while.
Dude, I could not go go to club the rest of my
life and be fine. I just like to go stare.
Yeah, maybe it's because I'm like married
but also the fact that you just can't talk
to your buddies when you're in there. I'm now a sports
bar guy. My dream scenario is going
into a bar that's got a bunch of TVs for the
games for the gambling and having a high top.
You don't need to be busting balls
trying to get a drink at the bar,
getting the waitress's attention or the bartender's attention.
You get the high top right in the mix with the TV set up.
You don't have to stand the whole time because they got bad ankles.
That's my dream scenario in terms of day drinking or night drinking.
So, R.A., you got Germany and where else maybe?
Second country, also a continent that I was going to name.
I know the hockey's not the best there, but it would be Australia, man.
I've always wanted to visit Australia.
I think it would be a great take playing hockey down there.
You've been there, Biz.
All right.
You would fit in perfectly.
It's kind of like Florida.
Really sunny.
Good night, mate.
It's actually really nice.
Great food.
Are you a coffee guy, all right?
You thought there was great food in Australia, Biz?
I thought that was like the one knock on Australia.
Well, not Melbourne, buddy.
Melbourne, I honestly, I probably went out to eight dinners and didn't miss.
Not one time.
Now, keep in mind, Grinnell, is I was with people from Whistle Sports.
Shout out to them.
They're the ones who helped film the hockey project I did there.
They just knew where to go.
Like I had essentially a tour guide.
This girl brought us to unreal breakfast places.
So, Ari, I think you fit in real well there.
And if you're a coffee snob like me, that was like the one thing where like
coming back, I was disappointed in coffee in North America now.
To answer your question, Biz, no, I'm not a coffee guy i wish i did like it i tried it before i'm not a fan
because i wish something that could you know i can drink something that gives me that jolt that
wakes you right up eagle energy is great but it doesn't quite give the oomph of coffee maybe maybe
i'll ease my way into it i will get like when i'm drunk if i'm at dinner i'll get like an espresso
after dinner just to be all foo-foo and fancy. Quick bumpski. But I'll tell you, that security guy in Germany,
he has absolutely nothing on Harry Knuckles.
I don't know, man.
Here, I'm going to Google it.
German club bouncer.
You people at home can do it too.
This guy is like, you're like, holy shit.
And apparently he's been the bouncer there for like 20 years.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Here he is. Oh, I just Googled him, holy shit. And apparently he's been the bouncer there for like 20 years. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Here he is.
Oh, I just Googled him.
Holy shit.
Oh, he's launching memoirs about life as a Berlin doorman.
He's got a spider web face tattoo.
Oh, my God.
Berghein bouncer Sven Mark.
This guy's the type of guy, like he's having chick shit on his chest
when they're fucking and stuff.
This guy's into some sick
fucking shit.
Dude, he kind of looks like Willie Colon.
He kind of looks like Willie Colon,
the guy from Barstool Breakfast.
Yeah, except the white version.
Yeah, he's a white Willie Colon. Well, he has tattoos
everywhere all over his face, but I don't know. I get a little
Colon vibe. His name's Sven
Mark-ard. I think I said that know. I get a little cologne vibe. His name's Sven Marcord.
I think I said that right.
If you're a bouncer, if you end up making it into GQ
because you're a bouncer, you've done something right
or something really fucked up.
See, my stories are legit. Oh, and for the
motherfucker,
pardon my French for some of you offended by that saying.
Let me guess. This is going to be a guy who said something to you
on Twitter.
Maybe.
Instagram. No, to you on Twitter. Maybe. Instagram.
No, it was on Instagram.
He questioned the fact that I have plastic sheets underneath my actual sheets.
They don't look like the old school plastic sheets for bed wetter.
I was talking about during the Herbal Active ad how I sleep so well now.
Sometimes I have those dreams.
When you're at the urinal in your dream and you're having having a hard time piss but finally you end up starting to piss and then you
wake up and it's like you pissing on your leg so like you're halfway done your piss so you've kind
of technically wet the bed well I have these things that protect the mattress and they're
like modern ones they're like super thin you don't feel like you're on actual plastic sheets
yeah sure man I got a buddy who uses okay okay man guys i'm not embarrassed by
the fact that i'll have a dream of me at a urinal and then like i just like start pissing like who
cares and i'm saying that i do have a good i do have a good bed wedding story to end to end today's
podcast so i uh i brought a random home one night when i was during my playing days in arizona
and uh like it was one of those night where like I was licking tequila salt off her neck.
Oh, yeah.
I got an obnoxious piece of shit.
I get secondhand embarrassment thinking
about it right now.
I bring her home. We have a good time.
Well, what was it?
4.30, 5.30 in the
morning now, I wake up to her
in my kitchen snuggling.
I'm kind of like yo like
she's looking for round two or she's like sleeping no sleeping snuggle fest and i'm kind of like hey
like do you mind like moving over like i'm really not down to like snuggle right now i actually need
to get some sleep before practice so she scoots over and then like literally 10 minutes later like
back exactly to where she was like on my half of the
bed trying to like get in my nook so i say i tell her again i said go to your side it happens again
and like i literally kind of get out of bed and i'm like yo i'm like go to your side and and then
and then i'm like what the fuck is your problem and she goes i can't i wet the bed oh and she's she was looking to just stay asleep
yeah like like sneak out and go home or like because like i don't want to snuggle but like
so now i whip off the covers and and she pissed in the fucking bed dude it was like that uh big
daddy scene it's like covering most of the bed up you put down newspaper like a full-on piss like front to back she ain't like
halfway through stopping like i do um not a humble brag there uh so like i'm like fuck so i end up
having to snuggle with her on the couch like the rest of the morning until i wake up and then we
have to have the talk and and nice nice enough i was leaving on a road trip after practice that
day she took all my sheets and went and got them dry cleaned.
By the time I got back,
she'd made my bed and it was all good.
So you're not a big cuddle
guy, huh?
You don't like to cuddle? My cousin,
my cousin Amy Grinnell, just went
viral this week. What?
For being
known as the Connecticut Cuddlist
who gets paid 80 an hour to snuggle.
Amy Grinnell, look her up.
Your cousin gets paid to snuggle by old guys or something?
No, she's not actually my cousin, but this lady Amy Grinnell went viral this past week
for being paid 80 an hour to snuggle with guys.
I'm sure that's not the only thing she's doing.
Typically, men between the ages of 40 and 60 who lack compassion.
Someone that's just needs a hug.
Yeah.
A hug with an asterisk.
Biz.
Yeah.
Hey,
I want to stay on topic with that though.
Wait,
I want to stay on topic with that.
So my ex girlfriend,
she worked at a doctor's office and she had this girl coming to get work done.
And this girl was like pretty open about what she does because she came in with her boyfriend.
So my ex-girlfriend, you know, said, oh, is this your husband with you in the consultation?
And she's like, oh no, it's my boyfriend.
But she knew she had a husband.
So it was like really weird.
Then they got into it.
She gets paid like a shit ton of money to do dominatrix stuff or she'll go over to these
guys house tie them up and beat the wheels off their cock and like no sexual stuff just like
like literally using their balls as a speed bag and she collects money and leaves they just these
guys get off by getting spanked and it's fucking wild man she's making like 100 200 bucks an hour
that shit's crazy like just hundred, 200 bucks an hour.
That shit's crazy. Like just rinse me.
I don't need you to like smack me in the back with a whip or just like,
you know,
like,
like I feel like someone with big ears may like to get their ears flicked,
you know,
like maybe just bring someone over and do that either way.
I don't never understood any of that.
And I mean,
I know it sounds crazy,
but I almost think that I might be into it.
I wouldn't be surprised by that.
You'd probably pay him to cuddle you.
I would pay for it hungover.
Hungover, lonely, sucking my thumb.
Maybe like we got into some other weird shit the night before.
I just want to back scratch if I'm hungover.
I don't need somebody whipping me.
Yeah, if you're paying 80, you might as well just get someone to pay the 100.
Somebody will drive over and give you a massage.
And maybe a little fucking tube ski on the end there i just i wanted to say earlier when you were talking about
the dream okay so everyone has the dream it doesn't matter like what sport or what you do in
life like a lot of kids have the dream where they have a huge final exam and they haven't studied
right like i never had that because i wasn't into school but i always had the dream biz i don't know
if you did where you can't get your shin pad on or you can't
get your elbow. Yeah, I have it all the time.
Teams going on on the ice, you're like, wait
the fuck, hold on.
You already tied your skate and you look down, it's
untied again. You're like, what the fuck is going
on? Mine, I just couldn't get my shin
pad on. It was like, you wake up like shaking.
But now it's changed
where now I have one where I can't get
the ball to stay on the tee for golf
i put the tee in the ground and the ball just rolls off and i'm always on the tee box like
what the fuck and people are like what is wrong with you tee it up and i'm like i can't
so it's driving me and it's crazy that like as i've retired from hockey it's my dream is now
what is it that means i have like anxiety or something it relates to something or like maybe like you're you're worried about your finances or i'm not saying it's that
but it correlates to something if you're always uh dreaming about being late to something as a
hockey player with i'm 100 on board and there has to be other hockey players out there i always have
the getting on the ice late dream and like i for me it was i would always tie my skates and i'd be
putting on my upper body
and then my skates would be untied again but that is fucking hilarious how it's transitioned to the
golf thing for you the fact that i and the other one i had when i played hockey was too like um i
i actually remember telling bugsy this story i'm like dude i'm having this dream where i'm
gonna fight and i cannot like throw a punch he's like you probably weren't dreaming
but that actually one happened too where i'm like trying to throw a punch. He's like, you probably weren't dreaming, but that actually won't happen to her.
I'm like trying to throw a right.
It's just like,
it's like this,
like slow motion.
So the,
and obviously the other dream I have,
as we've already mentioned is,
is I,
I go up to a urinal and I,
I'm like having a hard time pissing.
So I like,
I move over the urinal,
the other urinal.
And then like,
finally I'm able to start going.
And then I'm like, yes.
And then I wake up, and I'm like, fuck.
I'm such a loser.
Every time I stand in the urinal and there's a guy next door,
I always just go, oh, water's cold.
Am I considered a bedwetter?
Am I considered a bedwetter because I catch myself halfway through the piss?
Yeah, you're a bedwetter, 100.
Really?
No doubt about it.
No doubt about it i don't know
what about it i would say i would say it's a 50 50 it's kind of like is uh is die hard a christmas
movie but we should we should we should have put we should put a poll up on spit and chiclets twitter
account am i a better after hearing this story i catch myself and then i finish the rest of the
piss in the toilet so and if you make but, you have piss on your sheets all the time.
Like, that is a bed wetter.
I don't know.
Let's go to the fans on this one.
But anything else we got to cover?
That chick should have just said she was a squirt of piss.
That would have got her off the hook.
That would be a lot.
She flooded the car.
Piss ain't that good in bed.
Piss ain't that good.
I'm on the third floor.
I had the first floor call on me saying, ah, we got a flood.
This chick, I've never seen a bed this big.
Her hosing your bed and then being like, I peed the bed,
not like screaming out of there or stabbing you so you could never tell
anyone the story.
Yeah, or at least like duck out where I'm like, oh, shit, I wet the bed.
Like she could have easily blamed it on me.
She's not a good problem solver, that one. My buddy used to piss my couch all the time. He wouldn't even tell me. He just turned I wet the bed. She could have easily blamed it on me. She's not a good problem solver, that one.
My buddy used to piss my couch all the time.
He wouldn't even tell me.
He just turned it off.
The worst.
He turned the cover of the thing over, the pillow over.
I'm like, dude, my couch got hosed.
All right, boys.
Yeah, we're wrapping up.
I'll save this one for another time.
My senior year of college, all five guys that we lived together,
all five had their beds defecated in some way, shape, or form during my senior year.
Too long of a story.
Yeah, you're the rear admiral.
We'll get to it.
You're the rear admiral.
Of course all the beds were shitting.
No, no.
Mine got puked in, but we'll tell that story later.
Hey, everybody.
One more biz?
Oh, I was going to say I have a really good shit story.
Save it for next time.
I'm just kidding.
Peace out, everyone. Peace out, everyone.
Don't worry
about a thing.
