Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. What is that? You know I like my girls a little bit older. I just want to use your love tonight.
I don't want to lose your love tonight.
Hello everybody. Welcome to episode 141 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to everybody. We're getting ready for Patriots football game today, so we're going to start off with their big fan on the show, Ryan Whitney.
What is up, my man? Are you fired up or what?
Oh, boys, I'm fucking ready, man. I'm fired up. I'm ready to go.
I'm just happy we're doing this though right now. It's nice to see you guys, Ugly Mugs.
It's great. It's a great way to start Sunday.
Grinnelli just told us he bet his next
17 fucking rent installments
on the Patriots today. Hey?
Yeah, I'm excited. Got a lot of money riding
on this one and it's the first day
of the season. The season starts today, boys.
I'm excited and go Pats.
Spin doctor right there.
God bless our last guy here, Paul Biznasty.
Biznast has to listen to three mass holes talking about the Patriots.
What's up, brother?
You're up early for us.
Thanks again.
Oh, I'm more concerned about online because you know how much our fans
abuse you guys about being pro boss in sports.
Grinnell, save your fucking money.
Quit gambling.
I know.
What are you gambling for?
I love the rush, man. I love the rush. I love the rush of it. I can't gambling. I know. What are you gambling for? I love the rush, man.
I love the rush.
I love the rush of it.
I can't stop.
I love it.
Shout out to, before we move on from our little Patriots singing,
did you guys see Brady's Instagram that McAvoy got in?
McAvoy, McAvoy.
McAvoy's line was, time is the substance we are made of.
It probably took him 15 takes, too, to get it.
I love you. I love you, Charlie 15 takes, too, to get it. I love you.
I love you, Charlie.
So, yeah, big football day, but
we had some big news drop a couple
days ago, a little later than maybe some of us
were expecting, but Rick Nash
officially retired from the NHL
as first reported by yours truly
about three months ago. It came to
fruition. Guy had a great career.
You know, fantastic player.
I don't take pleasure in his career,
and then really certainly, but yeah,
it was nice to get a scoop like that,
have it fall in my lap, and then it come to fruition.
Look at R.A. Gloten.
I mean, you guys are listening and watching.
R.A. McKenzie.
So, like, this was you.
Like, you were the first one.
When you put that out, nobody else had put it.
No, nobody at all.
In fact, it actually ended up getting a response from the agent.
And it's funny.
If you actually read the agent, he said, oh, he hasn't put his papers in at all.
That's not true.
And I'm like, well, I didn't say he put them in.
I said he's going to put them in.
So, the agent actually spun the words I said, and they just kind of denied it at the time.
But, you know, I was also
He knows more about Rick Nash than him and his agent?
When did you tweet it?
It was October, I want to say like 5th to 6th,
the first week of October, basically.
Nash's wife's like, you tell this rear admiral guy,
he's like, yeah, he's my guy.
You know, and it's not like,
I've been told lots of shit over the years.
I'm sure, you know, you guys talk to friends
and you tell them, hey, keep it quiet.
It wasn't like I said, hey, you know, you can know this, but don't say nothing.
Don't report it.
I was kind of told, hey, here's some info.
I confirmed it with another source as well.
It was like, yeah, you're 100 on.
Don't backpedal here.
That's one of those things when that report came out.
Was it Drager?
Someone, I just saw the report that it was official.
You must have just been so happy.
You take shit here and there. You must have been, I mean, you must've been so happy. I,
you take shit here and there.
You must've been just permagrin the rest of the day. Look at him right now.
He's fucking glowing.
Well,
it's,
it's funny.
Actually,
I found out through these guys,
I got fucking biz and Grinnell.
He texted me.
I got up to take a piss and I seen that text.
I was like,
Oh shit.
Like he finally retired.
And then I did.
I actually,
I was like,
okay,
who had it first?
And the agency, the agency sent the tweet out.
And then Drager actually retweeted the agency. But I looked,
the first person that I saw who tweeted it out was that guy, John Shannon.
I forget what he works for up north.
And he actually tweeted like maybe 10 minutes before the agency did.
So, you know, that was that day. Cause of course, like I said,
I had it months ago, but yeah, absolutely. I mean, I was a journalism major.
We can't score goals in the media, so that's the equivalent.
That's how we're going to tie.
Let's just talk about it for the next hour.
Just, like, dissect every second before.
All the president's bent over fucking.
Speaking of RA, though, this guy yelling at his computer screen
to tell the Boston Bruins players that the puck was in their feet last night so they could somehow scrounge it out, somehow hear him yelling at his computer screen to tell the Boston Bruins players that the puck was in their
feet last night so they could somehow scrounge it out somehow hear him yelling at his computer
and scrounge it out and maybe get that puck line goal so uh you missed on a few yesterday you said
there was three empty nets at once oh it was insane that's my new fun thing if I have the
laptop going the tv going and my fucking ipad, and there's three puck lines going at once putting it on Instagram.
It's absolute insanity.
Did you have all the games too?
Or were you just kind of
Might as well get into gambling corner right now.
Might as well get into it right now.
Okay, that's a good idea.
I had  the Islanders on like half of an AI.
I didn't have anything in the Washington game in that one,
but obviously the Bruins I needed the puck line.
And, yeah, gambling corner.
Let's have at it.
Biz, 3-0. I have my picks
from last Thursday.
This is the greatest week of your life.
This is turning into the R.A. show.
3-0.
People are tuning out right now.
By the way, shout out to those
pigeons who, when the Penguins went down
3-0 in the first period,
it's like, you morons, this 40 fucking minutes,
you know, not the worst people trip at losing bet.
Oh, they were down 3-0.
Everyone's like, oh, nice pick, R.A.
And I always choke around, like, Grandma always said,
Grandma always said, best time to be down 3-0 is the first period
because you got fucking all the time in the world to come back.
Yeah, 7-1, they outscored them after all those trips.
Easy puck line cover.
Easy, obviously, money line cover.
Then Saturday afternoon  I'm sorry, Saturday night, the Bruins.
What a fucking unreal game.
I'm in Toronto, like we were just saying with the Bud guys.
Awesome games all the time.
Couldn't get the puck line cover, unfortunately, but we got the money line.
And then Tampa Bay, fucking 5-3 over Buffalo.
The spread was a little higher than I thought.
It was 180, and the backup started, and they still covered both. May fucking five, three over Buffalo. The spread was a little higher than I thought it was one 80,
but, and the backup started and they still covered, covered both.
So if you're back me since Thursday, man, you made some cabbage this weekend.
All right. You mentioned that you talked to the bud guys.
You guys will not hear that. That's more for a personal video.
But the Budweiser Canada group came on today.
They've been doing a ton of work with us. Of course, Sally season.
They did the Olympics last year, had a big 2018, and we're going to be working with them in the
future. I actually, boys, I'm flying to Toronto to do a little content video, bubble hockey game,
by the way, RA, you know how good I am at bubble hockey. We can talk about that after this, but
I'm going to film a little content piece with those on the bench guys. And once again, thank you to Budweiser and all that they've done for us. And it's been,
it's been a fun partnership. Yeah, it's been, it's been good stuff. So I'll finish off the
corner just with a couple of picks. I looked now through Wednesday. I didn't, I didn't like
too much what I saw. So I just got a couple of picks actually Chicago. I think they've been
playing hockey, playing good hockey lately. And I look, they're only six points out of the wild card.
That's certainly not doable.
They can do it.
There's five teams between them, but they're not dead completely yet.
If they see a little light, they might start playing a little better.
They're in New Jersey Monday night.
New Jersey, who knows what we're going to get out of them.
I like Chicago on the road, on the money line.
Going to grab them Monday.
And then Wednesday, the Bruins are at Philly.
Philly's, you know, they're relying on a 20-year-old rookie goaltender right now
more than perhaps anybody.
Bruins are quietly like a wagon right now.
They just keep winning.
They keep playing fantastic hockey.
So I like the Bruins on the money line in Philly on Wednesday.
And throw a unit on the money line and a half unit on the puck line with the Bs
because Philly stinks.
So that will round up the gambling corner after a 3-0 weekend.
I'm going to try to go 2-0 this week.
Good luck, everybody.
Wow.
Andy's buzzing on the pod, so you're just
All right, have a day for yourself, buddy.
Yeah, so anyways, yeah, fucking
Hey, Rick Nash, man, I mean, 437 goals, 368 assists, 805 points in 1,060 games.
He's a guy I kind of wish we could have seen him with a more established
franchise and not one just starting out.
I think that really maybe hampered his career.
He had a great career.
But because Columbus, man, I think people forget,
or either they're too young to know, they stunk in the early years,
like a lot of early franchise do.
But they had poor front office work they they gave up so many guys they dragged so many guys
they passed on the draft man i just wish nash could have been on a better team then he'd probably
be a slam dunk hall of fame candidate what's what do you think he he was so good people don't
understand how good he was actually i'll go as far as as saying that and i also should say mike
calmador he was tweeting i think he tweeted the same thing, that just as good as a player as he was,
he was actually underrated.
I mean, he was incredible defensively.
He was number one pick in my draft, so I remember him right away.
And, like, I went back to school after we got drafted,
and I had a really bad sophomore year.
After I was picked fifth overall, I was like, what's going on?
What am I doing right now?
And I look at him, he's dominating the NHL. You know, right
from the start, the kid just could play.
He was so fast, big,
strong. And remember that goal he
scored against Phoenix? That was probably the goal
of his career. Let's just not talk about that. Let's just go on
to the next one. And Ovi had a decent one against him, too.
Stay off Phoenix.
But just, yeah, I don't think he'll be a Hall of
Famer, R.A., but, you know, you never know if
he'd been with a different franchise.
He had a lot of tough years in Columbus, man.
Some tough draft picks that kind of never worked out.
Some bad luck there as well, but congrats on an incredible career.
And also, you talk to the guys he played with,
never a bad word spoken about him.
Yeah, he's an awesome guy.
I know you say that a lot about hockey guys
because, you know, a lot of hockey guys are great people,
but this dude, he hung out with the boys, showed up to play, professional, funny,
just a great guy in the room.
So congrats to him.
Yeah, I won't say much.
You guys have covered it all.
I heard he's an unbelievable guy.
Sucks that he has to retire because of head issues and concussions.
And nice to see him get to that 1,000 games.
To me, that's like yes that's
kind of one thing you just now you're like that's a career you're in a special club uh as you guys
mentioned uh probably won't get into the hall of fame but uh many great years from rick nash
congratulations to him i just had one other note that worked against nash sorry it was he played
for eight different coaches in nine seasons so like how's the guy supposed to have success having a different coach every year?
Oh, so you're saying he's a coach killer.
Yeah, I mean, they're getting fired on the team.
There goes your good week, R.A.
Now we're going to kick up some dust.
We're going to have no friends of the show.
Sorry, Nash.
Sorry, Nash.
We couldn't get through this whole thing, R.A.
Dogging you.
Nash is going to be able to come on, R.A.
You will not be involved in that interview.
And no, Biz, I have an R.A. Dogging you. Dasher's going to be able to come on. RA, you will not be involved in that interview. And no, Biz, I have an RA fact for you.
I was doing some deep diving on Columbus drafting last night,
and do you know who Columbus's first ever draft pick was in 2000?
He went fourth overall.
Radoslav Klesla.
Head and knuckles.
Absolutely.
He was their first draft pick?
First ever pick.
He went fourth overall back in 2000.
He was a handsome bastard at the draft, too.
I remember that.
Yeah, so that jumped out at me.
I'll do one more.
Had a knuckles.
There you go.
Some people jerk off to me saying that.
I'm like the archbishop, but with had a knuckles.
Brazzers has a thumbnail now for just Biz saying,
Harry Knuckles.
Had a knuckles. But you were mentioning Biz. I'm sure I'd go ahead. More news in Columbus. Markles Brazzers has like a thumbnail now for just biz, like saying Harry Markles, but you will mention him biz.
I'm sure I go ahead.
News in Columbus,
more news.
Yeah.
More negative news.
I mean,
a lot of speculation.
I will say that.
I think one of our,
one of our own,
our other insiders,
I should say,
what,
what's going on in Columbus?
Well,
first off in Columbus for the Columbus fans that sometimes get honest for
not bringing them up that much, which is probably true. Solid, solid team there. But congrats to John Tortorella. We're going to start there. 600 wins, the first America-born coach to ever do it. He got that done. Obviously, that's a huge honor. Peter Levilette's right behind him at 597, 598. So it was a little bit of a kind of a race for those two.
right behind him at 597, 598.
So it was a little bit of a kind of a race for those two.
But, you know, then you get in the news,
not for the good stuff about the coaching success. You get in the news with your starting star goaltender,
not been a star this year, being suspended.
Now, Grinnelli, was it suspended from the road trip
or just what was the exact description
of what the press release the team gave out?
Actually, I got it right here.
Yamo Kikolainen know an old school Finnish guy his quote was uh there are certain expectations and values that I have established for our players that define our culture
an incident occurred in which Sergei failed to meet those expectations and values so we made
the decision that he would not be with the team for tonight's game this is an internal matter and
we will have no further comment at this time.
So, you know, that's pretty harsh criticism.
It's not a technical suspension.
He's not losing pay.
They just basically healthy scratched him and left him at home.
Well, and, and, you know, that's,
that's an organization that's smart in terms of this is the last comment we'll
make where we're dealing with this internally.
But, you know, I've, I've,
I've been told kind of many times before, I should say that
Sergey Bobrovsky likes boozing. You know, he likes to get after it. I mean, who doesn't? But maybe,
and this is me guessing. I'm not saying that this is fact, but I'm going to guess that there was
probably some boozing going on, maybe a missed curfew. And it seems like if it was something
really serious, we'd probably hear a little bit more.
It's probably them sick and tired of maybe just a missed curfew,
like I said, or some, you know, some partying.
So you're going to have to deal with the consequences
when you don't really respect what the coach and the GM is telling you.
There's a time to have fun, and every guy knows that.
There's a time to, you know, shut it down and get ready to play.
And if that's not the case, it isn't.
But I'd be surprised if that's not what kind of went down.
Wow.
No, I'm down with that prediction.
I wonder how much this affects everything going forward as far as him signing.
And, of course, if you're telling me he likes to sauce,
like as a GM and organization, if he's a guy who's going 65, 70 games a year,
I mean, you got to worry about the deterioration of an athlete
if he likes to have a good time.
I mean, boys, speaking firsthand, like, I like to have a good time.
And by the time I hit 30, my body imploded.
I mean, I told you the story of my final game.
My knees exploded.
Just trying to keep up.
People are like, man, Witt, can you tell me
what happened to your ankle to end your career? I'm like,
actually, it's just the front my liver gave out.
So anyway, but
like I said, we're just speculating. We don't
know what the reason was. R.A., what do you think?
Well, I also think, sorry
to interrupt you, R.A.
Biz, like you said I mean
this is a one time thing if he goes on to play
some great hockey like he's capable of
he's going to get a big contract this summer
this isn't the end of the world
by any means
if you can live a lifestyle
that is under team rules and respects
the team while also playing and performing
do whatever you want
I was just saying like on, guys who are partying
and if you're considering giving a guy an eight-year extension
for a lot of money, I mean, chances are you may find yourself
in trouble on the back end of that thing.
Even with just age, let alone if the guy likes to be
Sergei Boozbroski, what did you call him?
Boozbroski?
Sergei Boozbroski. These kids are going to be making signs atki. It's okay. It's okay, Booz Broski.
These kids are going to be making signs at games now,
and then we're going to be the fucking bad guys. Oh, don't do that.
Don't do that.
Let's actually, like, if one sign of Booz Broski shows up,
he gets a shout-out, and then it's just on.
We got T-shirts.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, you got to run it.
And for the record, the GM, you know, Kiko Landon,
he did deny there was a rift between Torts and Bob.
Of course, I don't think he would acknowledge it if there was. but at the end of the day Bob Roski has a full no trade
full no move if he doesn't want to get traded he doesn't have to uh he can stay there all year if
he wants obviously you know whether he wants to stay where he might not be wanted that's another
matter but he doesn't get traded if he doesn't want to uh I didn't mention yet we're bringing
on New York Ranger uh actually he'll be a free agent this summer too. Kevin Hayes, big friend of the show, a big Dodgester rat.
We're going to be bringing him on shortly.
I want to talk about one of his old teammates for us, Biz.
What were you going to say?
Well, I was going to say they should, the vodka company,
we're not going to say their name because they're not New Amsterdam,
which is the greatest vodka of all time,
offered Panera in that deal in Columbus.
There was a billboard for it saying if he signs,
they'll give him all the free vodka.
I said they just picked the wrong guy.
They could have got Bob back for nothing.
It took Panera to go get a picture there, too.
Dr. Peppa tried it with Ovi.
Did they really?
No.
Dr. Peppa.
Oh, they got to hop on that.
Hey, how about Ovi burying Chara into the bench?
Did you guys see that?
Oh, yeah.
He might be the only person that could do that.
Maybe Revo.
I couldn't believe that.
He's a special human.
Like laying down in the bench.
Like, what the hell?
Dude, I hope someone on the bench yelled Timbo
when fucking Chara come falling in like that.
So what were you going to say, R.A.?
You were going somewhere with that.
Yeah, I was.
Actually, Wits, have you heard from my buddy Jens ever since he did a fucking paul bunyan ax on monahan stick at the end of the game
the other night i don't know if you caught it keith you handle it uh sean monahan calgary was
about to seal it with an empty netta and yandall just fucking straight over him two hands smack
the stick out of his hand out of i guess pure frustration did you happen to ask him about it
wits uh well first, I was watching it.
And listen, when I tell you I was crying, laughing,
I had tears in my eyes laughing.
You know why?
Because I grew up with the Yandel family.
I've been around the Yandels for 28 years now.
And if you played with his brother Brian or you played with Keith
or their father Buddy buddy very good player in
his day anyone who knows any of the Yandles saw that slash they did what I did and they laughed
and you shook their head said yep that's a Yandle it's like they I mean Brian Yandle used to break
kids wrists for 11 years all boom two-hander baseball swing so Keith had a lot of lag in that
swing it was a nice little golf a little golf I thought, I mean, he went after a stick.
If he went after it, he goes, I thought about getting his wrist,
but then I realized, oh, I can't do that.
He would have got a 25-game suspension, I think.
So he was disgusted that the Panthers were losing.
They ended up actually scoring right after that to screw whoever had
the puck line.
But, yeah, I mean, dude, you're frustrated.
The Panthers have been a little bit of a slide.
He's pissed off and the guy's about to score.
Fuck that.
At least break his stick.
I could see why he was mad.
And anyone who was upset at that, like, dude, he slashed his stick.
Shut up.
Oh, I mean, public enemy number one for a night.
I was like, come get your boys.
Like people tagging me to it.
I'm like, man, like, what are you talking about?
Are you that mad?
Are you taking offense?
Do you work for CCM? Cause he broke it like a Bauer stick't know. Are you that mad? Are you taking offense? Do you work for CCM because he broke a Bauer stick?
Are you that mad?
The announcer seemed to think he was going for his hand.
She's like, oh, I don't think he was going for the stick there.
It's like, of course he was.
He fucking came down at a 90-degree angle.
You don't think he could slash him in the hands if he felt like it?
He's got a point per game in the NHL.
You don't think he has the hand eye to slash where he wants to slash exactly i was like what are you talking about and that would
do that was a kick on the nuts which when you're betting the puck line there's nothing worse than
when they get it and then the other team scores with fucking two seconds like that like it happened
in philly too i i tweeted out philly had the puck in their own zone down two goals fucking five
seconds left you're like all right this is golden pass guy. Sent in someone on a breakaway score with 2.7.
I get fucking ripped on for saying scale up and segue
and the other words I use quite often.
How many times a day do you think you say puck line, R.A.?
A lot.
It's literally all you care about.
It's a thing, man.
Wits is on the train.
It's incredible how many people have been turned on to it.
It's like a gambling line.
A lot of people I don't think are aware of it.
I wish I could open a gambling site and take fucking commission on it.
I get asked five times a day,
what's a good site to use.
And just a message.
Listen,
guys,
I use old school,
local guys.
I don't have a site.
I could give you that would work.
I guess Tony.
And then at the end in that Jimmy across the bridge in Chuck town,
the rose guy from the town.
Yeah. yeah.
Your new buddy after you started that movie?
That's funny.
That was based on truth.
Actually, the wise guys in Charlestown used to operate out of a fucking flower shop.
That's actually based in reality.
Well, I'm sure they were using a lot of details from what actually happened.
I mean, it was a movie about that shit.
So, boys, a funny thing that I noticed, and it's kind of a story that leads into what's been going on.
Uh,
and it's a story about Tyler Sagan,
uh,
a guest for the show.
So the other day,
uh,
I got to Vancouver cause I'm filming a first timer on Sunday against the
Panthers.
So Kate is in town.
So,
um,
we're going over to Gordo's for some drinks and I send up,
uh,
one of those stories out and I tagged Vancouver in it, obviously.
So my buddy Pasha walks in and he goes, hey, how's the pussy flare working out?
And I was like, what?
And he goes, pussy flare.
Like I saw you tag Vancouver.
And I'm like, oh, yeah, like I do that when I'm in certain towns.
So then the girls.
So he calls it.
I call it the bat signal.
He calls it the pussy flare.
So we're having a good
chuckle and he goes he goes oh he goes have you seen the master at it you ever see tyler segans
instagram and i'm like yeah and he goes but the guy tags the next three cities from the nhl that
he's traveling to this guy's probably lining up kills for a pre-game nap i. I noticed one time. He's the smartest guy in the league. He's got like New York, Tampa, and Florida, or Panthers.
And obviously the girls who are following him on there
just go right to him.
Hey, heard you're going to be in Tampa or where and such.
And he's probably like, yeah, yeah, talk to my secretary.
We'll book you an appointment.
It's basically like the cliff notes.
If he were to write out like, hey, girls
that follow me and love me
because I'm hot and everyone knows I have an
absolute wrench. I'm going to be in
your city this day, your city this day, your
city this day. Just send me a DM.
I'll work you into the schedule and thank you
very much. So instead of writing that, he's just like
Winnipeg, Minnesota, Chicago.
Let me see if I can move my schedule around.
I only got room for a 30-minute appointment.
Actually, I'll eat a quick pregame meal that day.
And so, yeah, that works out perfect.
Perfect, perfect.
Now, I'm not saying he's doing that.
But, I mean, that's a pussy flare if I ever saw one.
No, this is all a legend.
A legend, a legend.
Allegedly, this
may be what I would do if I was handsome, single
and had a boatload of cash and was
scoring a lot lately since my CEO told me
I was horseshit.
I might be throwing up more pussy
flares.
Who said that, Pasha?
I tell you what, though. I worked in
Vancouver, pumped my own tires. Let's
move on to more hockey talk. Enough about my kill tires. Let's move on to more hockey talk.
Enough about my kill count.
Well, let's go over to our boy, Hazy, actually.
He's got some hockey talk for us.
This is a part of when we went and did our little Cribs episode with him.
We then sat down on the couch.
So Kevin Hayes, obviously our man, he's having a hell of a year. One of the best friends Chicklets has in the NHL.
So thank you again, Kevin Hayes.
Here he is.
This interview was brought to you by OMAX.
So I'm sure all you're listening out there have felt intense brain fog and
lack of motivation at some point during the day.
It's always around the three o'clock in the afternoon,
right after lunch,
you're staring at a blank computer screen,
clueless about what to do next.
Our minds are constantly clogged while we shorten through random stuff.
We always got phone calls,
texts,
everything coming in.
If we could just shut down,
get the distractions out of the way,
sharpen our focus and zero in. That's what you want to do. If you're thinking to yourself right now, texts, everything coming in. If we could just shut down, get the distractions out of the way, sharpen our focus and zero in, that's what you want to do.
If you're thinking to yourself right now, yes, that's me.
I experience it.
Then you must try our recommended solution to improve all around crystal clear thinking.
That is Omax Cognitive Boost, a game-changing 100 certified and tested supplement
designed to fuel peak performance by boosting memory, focused in energy output.
Remember when you were younger and you could spit out ideas a mile a minute? I sure do.
Those were the good old days. Actually, did you know that four out of five people say that staying sharp is their number one priority as they start getting older? I can vouch for that. Now, like
magic, you can turn back the clock with Omax Cognitive Boost. All right, this stuff, it gets
you sharper thinking. No joke, man. It's like that movie Limitless with Bradley Cooper, dude. Boom, you're right on. You're on top of everything. So before
I forget, OMAX is offering our listeners 60 off a one-month supply of Cognitive Boost plus free
shipping and that 60-day money-back guarantee. Just go to omaxboost.com slash chicklets today
to take advantage of this incredible savings. That is O-M-A-X-B-O-O-S-T.com slash chicklets today to take advantage of this incredible savings. That is O-M-A-X-B-O-O-S-T dot com slash chicklets for 60 off a one-month supply.
Do it today.
All right, we're sitting here with our number one, 1A1B requested man, Kevin Hayes,
star center of the New York Rangers.
We're in his apartment.
We first want to say, or I first want to say,
I get a lot of texts from him when he's just like,
dude, looked great on NHL Network today.
Like, awesome suit.
Great point about the game.
Your analysis has been so spot on.
He's so nice about it.
And he had it on today.
So I know he's not lying.
So he's watching.
You'll get to see a clip of it.
That's a guy who raps with Eileen.
How good do you think I look on TV when I do that?
You've gotten better and better. Your
suit game has gotten better and better. I know because I just
start copying people like I said.
That's how you're supposed to wear a suit. Your first suit
was Dan Whitney's suit.
Who's Dan?
That's my dad. Oh, he's got bad suits?
I think he has tight suits though. I think he
really does. He wears them right tight around his waist.
I saw him this summer. He looked good in a suit.
Alright, well dude, thanks for having us in here.
How's the year going?
You're playing great.
I would think you're happy with what's going on.
Yeah, it's going good.
We had a tough start to the season.
And, yeah, we started out like 3-7-1.
But we've actually been pretty good since then.
We have a whole new feel to the team, kind of um new coach and he's he's
been great so far um he makes everyone work pretty hard uh if you're not working hard you don't
really play so that's that's kind of like the new mentality that's kind of the new nhl though like
is there a lot of animosity in the locker room between him and brady shave who the most handsome
guy associated with the team no? No, there's not.
Really?
I think Brady takes it.
No battling?
No, Brady's a definition of a man rocket.
Yeah, he really is.
How about Hank?
How is he still this nasty?
He's been unreal this year.
It's, I don't know, do you guys know him at all?
I don't.
Henrik Lundqvist?
Yeah.
Yeah, I was there the night he won the Vezina Trophy.
I went to his party.
Did you interview him?
No, I was just there partying. Oh, you were there? You were still playing. Yeah, I was there the night he won the Vezina Trophy. I went to his party. Did you interview him? No, I was just there partying.
Oh, you were there?
You were still playing?
Yeah, I was there.
I went there with, I was there with Claude Giroux.
He invited me to the NHL Awards as his guest.
Let's put it this way.
This is how this weekend went.
I never even checked.
Paid for one thing.
No.
Well, duh.
That was the obvious.
I never even checked into my hotel room the entire time.
I got a call from one at the Cosmopolitan
And that was where all the action was
So I stayed over there
So I never even checked into the one at the win
It was a good time
Let's just put it that way
I don't need to go into details
But no, Hank is crazy competitive
Like practice and snaps and stuff
Yeah, but like
If a goal goes in like in a game,
he'll work on that like specific play the next practice,
at the end of practice for forever.
Like if a guy scores in a breakaway, like we just take breakaway reps.
Do you guys still do breakaways and warm-ups?
Yeah, we do.
Is that because of him?
I think he brought it, but I think a lot of teams are doing it now.
When that started, nobody did that.
That was like straight out of Russia.
I actually love it. I try to
dangle him. I've never been on a breakaway before.
I still don't know what it's like.
I don't see...
I wouldn't go on a breakaway
in warm-up because there's way too
many people in the audience in a New York breakaway.
And everyone has their phone out there.
Fuck this, man. I'll take a shot
from the tops of circles to warm him up.
Did you guys have your superstitions in warm-ups? Everyone does. No, I used to just stare into the tops of circles to warm him up did you guys have like your superstitions
in warm ups
yeah everyone does
no I used to just
like stare into the crowd
no I was not superstitious
I got out of
everyone's way
yeah
his superstition
was just lining up
a kill from
the ace
he's just like
dang tired
I'm good to go
let's go boys
you need a gatorade
if you watch
like our warm up
it's like you can
you know exactly
what's going to happen
I can tell you who's going to shoot where, when they're going to shoot.
Even on three-on-twos?
Yeah, the same guy goes every time.
But a lot of it has to do with, because Hank, if he's playing,
we don't want to mess up his stuff.
I remember my first game, I came down.
I was so jacked up.
I was scratched the first two games.
And then I'm jacked up, MSG playing against Toronto.
Best warm-up music on.
Oh, and my dad's there.
He's obviously the first guy in the state.
He has to win the booth.
In his Nautica sweater.
This one, he's probably wearing his, like, one of those old North Face.
Yeah, yeah, he was wearing a North Face.
And he looks, like, still cool for some people.
And I was so jacked up for warm-ups, like, playing my first NHL game.
Legs are light.
Yeah, and we get to the half circle, like, at the end where everyone shoots.
I have no idea when I'm going to get passed to because, like,
Zouk's passing the puck, so I'm like some rookie schmout.
I get a puck.
I absolutely rip it on Hank.
High?
Score.
Oh, yeah, high.
Like, bar down. Oh, yeah. High. Bar down.
And Marty St. Louis is like, what the fuck are you doing?
And ever since then, game two of my career, now I've played like 350 games.
Not a big deal.
And I've shot into Hank's glove for 349 consecutive games.
Hey, you go bar down.
You get to the locker room
after warm-ups,
all your fucking luggages
packed to the hotel.
The trainer saw it,
he's like,
wrap up his gear,
he's not...
He's like,
I got you both
gitch bags,
but we put them
in plastic wrap
because you're not
taking our gitch bags.
He checks his phone
between warm-ups
and the game
and he has five missed calls
from Hartford area code.
It's car service, they've already got there to bring him back.
Oh my god. I feel like Hank would tell you too.
Hey, his parents are in the crowd because it's his first game and security escorts him out.
Hey, your son just tried killing Hank Longo. He just went
far down and celebrated. So we're going to have to take you. You can go to a Knicks game.
Your old man's in his bad sweater
and moves his arm. He's a fighter!
Taser him.
So Hank,
did he say anything?
No, he doesn't really say anything. He kind of just
yells and swears sometimes.
Back to why he's been so good,
he is like, it's incredible
on game day. He probably has the same
routine his whole career.
Every time he starts.
Probably, yeah.
Does he want to go?
He doesn't talk?
Yeah, he doesn't really talk on game day.
He does in the morning and stuff.
Come back to the rink, he's doing his shit.
Yeah, and he pops his headphones in and, like, he's focused.
And that's how he is.
Like, he's one of, like, the biggest competitors I've ever played with. We talk about this a bit on the podcast.
Being a goalie in the NHL
for like a number one
and having to be on
basically every game.
Like what's a starter play?
Everything except for
65.
65.
Hank might play more.
I know.
No joke.
I always actually say
60 is like a normal.
And he doesn't get tired.
Your mental capacity
not just physical
is
You look like
It's far superior than any other position
because you make a mistake, fuck you, you're the asshole.
Yeah, it's always on your mind.
And you win every game, every game.
And it's tough.
Imagine going through that routine.
That's exhausting.
Yeah, and he's been doing it for a long time now.
14, 15 years.
And he's putting up good numbers this year.
I got a question about Hank.
Does he bring McEnroe
around the locker room ever?
Because I know
they play in that band.
They play in the band.
No, but Johnny Mac's
been at a couple games
this year, actually.
Dude, he,
that guy seems like
a beauty ever since
that Big Daddy movie.
And he was going to
curb your enthusiasm.
He was unreal
in that one.
Who's the,
who's the,
is it Ethan Morrow,
the old captain
for the Edmonton Others?
Yes.
He told me a story
and I'm sure
he'd be cool
with me telling this.
He went to a party
and John McEnroe
showed up.
This was like
in the Hollywood Hills
and they kind of like
hit it off right away
and then McEnroe
was like,
hey,
you mind like
coming to the car?
I got a bunch of brownies
and he bought like
pop brownies
for the party
and they all got
fucked up on pop brownies and he said he was the funniest guy dude he was one liner after one
line he was doing a curb with larry david and which is like not really i think they have a
premise and then they go ad lib he was unreal quick ethan morrow story just reminded me best
guy ever hot hot handsome bastard i think there's keith him? Because I feel like Keith has talked about him.
How would they somehow know each other?
I don't know.
Chop, he was the man.
I just played with him a little bit when I got traded to Edmonton.
But he was telling me a story a year prior when Pat Quinn was the head coach.
Oh, yeah.
I heard this.
Dude, hazy.
Him, Steve Stahos, and Horkoff.
I think those three were the captains.
Chop was the C.
Those other two warriors.
They went in and they talked to Pat Quinn.
They were like, hey, Pat,
we just want to talk to you about what we should be wearing
on the road. I'm pretty sure I'm getting this right.
What's going to be our road dress
code, things like that? And he's like,
let me talk to my captains. I'll get back
to you. Those were the
three captains sitting in there.
I'm the captain.
Quinn, I don't know if you got the memo
but
down 5-0
Chicago
and he walked in
and they're like
we just gave up
four power putters
he got his feet up
watching Scottie
turn him out of hearts
on TSN
he was just
unbelievable
his last year
he was like
what
ah shit yeah we're gonna pick it up on should we switch to PGA He was just unbelievable His last year He was like what Ah shit
Yeah we're gonna figure it out
On
Should we switch to P.Gay
No no you guys are fine
Dude
He went to Mike Comrie
Goes to Mike Comrie
Chris Menard
Was like
I played with Chris
Great dude
Great dude
Played like a little bit
In the NHL
A lot
AHL Europe
Sniper
He was like called up
With Edmund at the time
And Comrie was like
He's like hey Mike We're gonna sit you here We're gonna give a You know young Chris Menard A chance You know younger than you, he was like called up with Edmund at the time and Carmody was like, he's like, hey, Mike,
we're going to sit you here.
We're going to give a, you know,
young Chris Menard a chance, you know, younger than you.
And he's like, he's older than me.
Carmody was younger than Menard, I think.
Or they were like the same age or something.
Like either way, he's like made it sound like
giving this young kid like a shot, this prospect.
He's like, dude, he's been a pro for 10 years.
So that was my Ethan Moro to make me think of those stories.
God rest.
Pat Quinn.
Legend.
But funny the last year.
Oh, God.
That story about
let me talk to my captains.
Yeah, talk to your captains.
What did I want to ask you?
Another thing.
Fuck about Hank.
I can't think of it now.
Oh, his wrench?
What are you talking about?
Oh, you never see him
in a bad suit, huh?
His suit game is...
How many suits?
I honestly...
I think he might wear a new one to every game.
I have, like, ten suits.
I think, like, Lupo told me one time,
he's got about a hundred, like, over a hundred suits.
Like, I could never really keep track of all of them.
Yeah, I got a bunch of jackets,
but I just rifle through the same pants.
Blue, black, gray.
Yeah, they're on the floor right now.
I just saw them in your closet. So he just looks through the same pants. Blue, black, gray. Yeah, they're on the floor right now. I just saw them in your closet.
So he just looks phenomenal every day.
Never in, like, sweat.
Like, never dressed like you right now.
No, he'll wear jeans, but he's not really sweatpants too much.
Goddamn.
But, yeah, he's a good looking.
We have two good looking cats on our team.
Shea and Hank.
And you.
And it's the best, dude.
Like, if we're on the road, yeah, and then me.
You're just, like, coming up the rear. Do you hang out with Aves at all? Do you know Sean Avery at all? I the best, dude. Like, if we're on the road, yeah, and then me. You're just like
coming up the rear.
Do you hang out
with Aves at all?
Do you know
Sean Avery at all?
I don't,
no.
Oh.
And the best
is on the road.
You just walk out
after them
and all the fans
are like,
Brady,
Hank,
and we're like
scooting right on by.
Yeah.
It's great.
You're just like,
you're like towering
over them.
They're like,
move,
security guard.
You're blocking
the view ahead.
Yeah,
but when you're
at the bar,
you won't leave
a side because
you want the friend all right yeah you have that thing where
people like they unleash with their kid tie their kids too so you can't separate a certain distance
this is actually like every year i subway until this year because Really? Because I'm on the west side, so the closest subway is 8th Ave.
So that's like a 10-minute walk.
So I actually just drive to every game.
We're not walking, guys, either.
I'll take a cab and block.
Who are some of your young guys on the team that have came in the league?
One guy is pretty good.
I can't even say his last name.
Brett Howden.
And then there's Philip Hedl.
What's his last name?
Hedl.
It's spelled like Chidal. It's like Chidal? Petal. It's spelled like Cheyenne.
Yeah, it's like Cheyenne. That kid can shoot.
Yeah, and he flies. Yeah, he does fly.
He's nice. So fast. Howden's
been really good. I played with his brother.
Quinton? Yep. Yeah. And then
he's a beauty. I think there's another
of them. Are you a Winnipeg?
Are you from Winnipeg? No, I'm from
Welland, Ontario. Oh, wait, really?
That's where Dan Girardi's from, isn't it?
Dan Girardi.
Are all Italians from there?
We'll talk about Girardi after the rookies.
Yeah.
And then we have Leas Anderson.
He was a seventh overall pick.
Him and Hedl got drafted together.
Howden was...
He might have been in that draft.
They still draft?
Yeah.
But we traded for Howden with that McDonough and Mildew.
Good personalities on these young guys.
Yeah.
One's Czech, one's Swedish, and then Howden's from Winnipeg.
Czechs are wild cards.
Wild.
Yeah.
Wild.
We had a great Czech group called the Czech Mafia.
I actually have a bunch of, like,
Alex Hemsky's doing the best of all time,
but you never know with a Czech.
He's more North American.
I don't look at him like he's a Czech guy.
Yeah, but when he gets with the Czech mafia on the team,
like, he's a Czech, but I know what you're saying.
So, like, I...
So, Phil's, like, he has a little bit of a language barrier,
but, like, I cannot imagine going to play in Czech
and not knowing English.
I not know a Czech.
I did it in Russia.
Dude, like...
It's hell of a...
Only thing you can get all about Russia
is where the back pages are, and that's about it.
Dude, you know, like, recently,
like, I've started getting tweets
about Russia comments.
They get the podcast
five months later. They just got
episode 63.
Somebody said,
I said in Russia that you're either
a 10 or a.1.
Or anacornical.
I got these DMs and these
emails of half half broken English
and I'm like
it makes you feel like
somebody could grab you
like KGB
like they reach everywhere
but I'm saying
some of them are smoked
so it's not like
I'm dogging the entire
like existence
yeah you're just on your couch
and sit you right
and there's like a red dot
circling around your forehead
you're just like
what the hell
looking in the mirror.
Just go to sleep via Teddy KGB.
So yeah, to follow up with that though is that comment pissed a lot of people off.
And some of the things that we were saying about the country, well, specifically guys who have played in Russia
and just the observations they've made of things that are just absolutely fucking banana lands of what they're doing.
Yes.
Like some of the stuff they do over there
is just like, it's crazy.
Yeah.
I know it's not,
maybe not crazy to them,
but it's fucking crazy.
Yeah.
Okay?
And the way they treat...
It's not normal.
Some of them don't treat women
like they should be treated,
and that's just fucking obvious.
And one woman who is a reporter
reached out to me about your comments,
and we just were kind of like,
dude...
I shriveled her so hard.
Yeah, it's just like,
no, we're not interested to talk about it.
You guys do fucked up things over there. We're not down with it. And we probably do things that maybe, dude. I shriveled her so hard. Yeah, it's just like, no, we're not interested to talk about it. You guys do fucked up things over there we're not down with.
And we probably do things that maybe they're not down with.
But no, like, I can't imagine going to a different country and not knowing the language.
But he is in New York City, like, lighting up for the Rangers.
Yeah, that's true, but he's young.
Like, he just turned 19.
Like, he's not even 20.
Yeah, he is young.
Was he drafted last year?
Two drafts ago
I like Pionk
He's really good
Undrafted
Buzzing around
D-man
He scored that
Sick goal
Against the Canadians
4-on-4
Remember that?
He spinned someone hard
At like his own goal line
I don't really watch much hockey
I know
I think that's becoming
An issue for our podcast
It's a hockey one
Yeah I just kind of like
Check out the box scores
You actually don't watch hockey
It's pretty impressive
You know what's going on
I bring more of the lifestyle
Brand to the podcast
Biz promo
Who point out
Promo
Yeah I just use car sales
License plate
Biz 20
Let's talk about
Dan Girardi
Yeah
I got
G
For two or three years
He's fucking hilarious
How bad is this tattoo?
Have we already talked about that?
Yeah you told me about that
It's the worst tattoo ever
What is it like that?
It makes my arm scarecrow tattoo
Like David Beckham shit
You look like
You look like
Just the most sickest
Tatted up guy in the world
Next to Girardi's
Yeah
What is it?
I forget
It's like
Isn't it like wire or something like right here?
It's like barbed wire.
Not barbed wire.
Like Pamela Anderson's?
No, it's barbed wire and then it has a tribal piece going down.
The worst fucking combo you could even imagine.
Is he a ball buster?
Oh, dude, he's a prankster.
He's fucking funny.
You have any good ones you remember he did?
We were saying earlier, we recorded today, being in the prank game is hard.
It is.
Because then you know you're going to get got.
It's, like, stressful.
So, like, I used to be in college, or I always was.
But then, like, it's not even worth it here.
Guys go harder in the show.
You was the wrong person.
I know.
Like, Zouk, you know, like, the dirty ice, like, when you skate around at the end?
The grossest ice.
So, like, you skate around practice, and then you're, like, stretching,
and it's all, like, the ice shavings.
They're disgusting.
Yeah, Ari makes snow cones with them.
And Zouk scooped it up on his stick and put it right in Stolzy's face,
like, in his mouth.
And it's, like, they're best buddies.
And Zouk was trying to leave.
That's disgusting.
And Zouk was trying to leave to's disgusting and zook was trying to leave
for to go home from practice and he tried to get his shoes out of his uh cubby and uh stalls he just
nailed him to the bottom of the to the uh the locker so he couldn't get it and no one would
confess who it was so zook went to the camera went into the training room to the cameras and
all he saw you see big stalls you just're just walking in with a power tool.
You're just walking in all happy with the wrench.
Tough to talk to rid of that one.
It was so funny.
Bugsy Malone got me my rookie year.
He was with him for like six minutes and he got him.
I loved him.
Bugsy was down in Hartford and then got called up for a bit, right?
No, he started here.
Oh, did he really?
And then went down and then he ended.
He thought I said something to him in the shower and I didn't.
Like, it wasn't even towards him, but he just, like, walked away.
He just wanted to believe it.
Yeah.
He's like, I got a reason.
And then, so, like, I'm jacked out about these new shoes I bought.
They were, like, I literally came from BC.
I had the first paycheck.
Yeah, the 500 shoes. I thought these shoes were sick. They weren't. They were like I literally came from BC I had First paycheck Like Yeah
500 dollar shoes
Thought these shoes were sick
They weren't
And I go to put my feet in
They're full
Like
You know the mold
That sometimes come in the shoe
Like when you get brand new shoes
Yeah
It's that
But shaving cream
Just full
Like he didn't miss
An inch of my shoes
To the point where
You couldn't even clean them
Coming out the holes
And like the toes
Yeah
You couldn't even clean those
I was like fuck
I just threw them away And wore my sandals home That day Wait what were the shoes That you couldn't even clean them. It's coming out the holes in the toes. Yeah, you couldn't even clean those. I was like, fuck it. I just threw them away and wore my sandals on that day.
Wait, what were the shoes that you thought were sick?
They were brutal.
They were like the skateboarding company Rail or something.
Airwalks?
They were all black.
I actually bought three pairs of those.
Was it Walmart?
All different colors?
No, the same.
I was like, I'm going to win these for a whole year.
They're going to be with golf shoes, so I just buy ten pairs.
I like this model.
They're going to change it
so I'll just buy them
all up though.
And then you end up
not wearing them.
Yeah,
and then I like
the new model
and the models
over a month.
Oh my god,
shit.
First world problems.
He's one of the funnier
guys I've ever played with.
Yeah.
There's like,
there's Bugsy.
Oh yeah,
Bugsy.
There's like,
if I had to do
a top five list
of funniest guys,
Keith would be number one.
Yes.
For sure.
Done.
Dude, we were in Florida last game, right?
And one of the guys who works for our team, this guy Vogel, sets everything up.
Yeah, I know him, Vogel.
He was running the dad's trip and stuff, so he sets everything up.
And he helped one of the trainers in Florida with something.
And so I was talking to Keith after the game
and the trainer comes up to him and says, hey, what one is
Vogel? I want to go say thank you to him.
And he points to the Russian kid on our team
and this guy went up to him and was like, hey, thank you.
And Bucci was like, what?
Oh, Bucci Davis? Yeah, he's like, what are you talking about?
And his English is kind of broken too.
So he's like, what? I know nothing.
I know nothing. The guy's trying to say thank you.
Thank you so much.
He told him it was Vogel. So he's like, what? I know nothing. I know nothing. The guy's trying to say thank you. Thank you so much. A 20-minute conversation.
He told him it was Vogel.
I was wondering what that was.
I was like, I don't get what you mean.
He told the other dude.
That it was Vogel.
So he went up to say thank you to him.
It was the Russian.
He's like, what are you talking about?
It was so funny.
It never stops.
Ever.
It was unbelievable.
What did he say about your dad?
You just told me when we walked in.
Oh, you want to know another Bugsy one?
Is when I went to training camp my first year with the Penguins.
You know how we were staying outside by the practice facility?
Yeah.
What was it called?
It was like hotels.
Yeah, but it was more like in the country.
Yeah, I can't remember.
Well, I was...
What was that place called?
No, Woodlands was Wilkes-Barre.
Yeah, that was in Wilkes-Barre
But I would get rides from Bugsy to the rink
Because he had that Harley Davidson truck that he bought
Remember that?
Yeah, he thought it was so sick
He thought it was a cool thing
He's like, it'll fit in one of the motorcycles
That's why they make the back, you know, if it's perfect
So when I get my Harley, I'm going to get my hog
And then he just smiles
You can see the wheels for where it's going to go
It was already set
So yeah, put on Nickelback
He loves Nickelback
He partied with him He. He parties with him.
He used to party with him.
And then he just goes out and smiles.
Go ahead.
Everyone loves him.
Oh, God.
I love when we get off the rails.
Fuck yeah.
So he's like, hey, I'm not going right tomorrow, but Army's going to give you a ride.
I'm like, oh, cool.
Do you have Army's number?
He's like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Grab your phone.
He put it in, and he told me the number, or he put it in himself.
So I messaged him the night after the night.
I'm like, what's up, arm dog?
I'm like, it ended up being Glenn Patrick's number.
He said, because...
I might have even came in a little hot on the text, too,
and he's like, oh, I sent a dick pic.
He's like, Army, what's up?
I actually used to always do that to my brother in college.
I take a picture of my hoop.
Glenn just writes back.
He's like, nice hoop, but this is your Army assistant coach.
Hey, I'm in room 542.
Come on by.
I'll make sure you get your one-way money this year.
Hey, finish the top five, though.
You did Yandel was one.
So Yandel was one.
Oh, don't try to keep us on track.
Come on.
Just kidding.
Bugsy might be number two. Yeah, he's try to keep us on track. Oh, come on. Just kidding. Bugsy, Bugsy might be
number two.
Yeah, he's up there.
Yeah, he's fucking funny.
What about Zouk?
I heard Zouk's hilarious.
Zouk is hilarious,
but he's very like,
he's like,
doesn't want anyone
to know it.
Do you know what I mean?
Like he's not,
he's not into,
he's low key funny.
He's not into like
social media or like,
and like,
he's smart.
Yeah, but he's
fucking hilarious.
Like, he always has very sarcastic sorry like and he sees vc every day and he's like jimmy fucking vc every day for like three years
one funny thing about vc is do you guys give him a hard time about how like the one summer
it was like he was like bigger than like leron. I know. Vesey watch.
Yeah, it would be Vesey watch.
People hated his guts because of that.
But he hated it.
Yeah, he didn't want it.
He hated it.
He really did.
Knowing him, dude, he would despise it.
But it was just funny because a week would go by
and it's like, Jimmy Vesey has lowered his list
from five to four teams.
And then the next week it'd be like, he's added another team to the list.
So we're back to five teams.
Reporting from Lake Ontario, this is Paul McKenzie.
And then he does a workout with someone that plays for the Wild,
and they're like, oh, Minnesota's on the list.
Yeah, exactly.
Just because Charlie Coyle works out with us.
People just see it.
It's ridiculous.
He's got Secret Service following him around.
But the crazy part is I did the same thing two years before that,
and mine was so under the radar.
Yeah, I know.
But he won the Hobie.
Hobie, yeah.
I was a Hobie hat trick.
Yeah.
What happened?
Whoa, whoa, say that.
Say that again.
Gaudreau won the Hobie, but...
Yeah.
I kind of...
Like, he...
Goudreau, he took, like, points from Goudreau,
and so, like, he kind of stole the Hobie from Goudreau,
because two guys on one team, like,
will split up the votes of being, like, the best player.
Goudreau didn't win it?
No, he won it.
Oh.
I was just...
I came in third.
Oh, not bad.
So you're welcome, Kobe Hatch.
Hey, you think Johnny would come on the pod?
He came on.
He would only come on with me, I think.
Yeah, but we don't want him without Hazy because he'll be all quiet.
But then we went and had a couple beers that night at Lincoln,
and we were chatting it up for an hour.
Johnny Hammond, geez.
He's the best.
Do you watch his game?
It's a joke.
I don't care.
You could argue that besides McDavid and Crosby, Do you watch his game? It's a joke. I don't care.
You could argue that besides McDavid and Crosby, he might be the best player in the league.
Why do people... It's incredible.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
When he comes into the offensive zone and he'll give a head fake cut in the middle,
why do people always lay down?
Do you notice that?
It's insane.
People lay down and then he just keeps holding on to it and all of a sudden he just slides it in
where there's no area on the goalie. I don't know why people can't play him. It's insane. People lay down and then he just keeps holding on to it and all of a sudden he just slides it in where there's no area on the goalie.
I don't know why people can't play him.
It's incredible.
I've seen him get hit.
Datsu killed him one game, like bad.
But that was a rookie year, I bet.
It's the only time I've ever seen him get hit.
Of course it was Datsu.
I've never seen D-Man lay down with him
and I'm like, dude, this is the one guy
who will never shoot the puck when you lay down.
He's going to hold on to it.
That's called patience.
Great doctor, lots of patience.
I mean, and Monaghan and
him, yeah, ham and cheese
dominates like not many other.
It's insane. He gets
three points a night on
a bad night. I know.
I know. What's he? Is he top five right now?
I'm not sure.
I get to watch their games because I'll come home after a game and they play at 1030 because they're out in Calgary.
And, dude, he looks like he's having so much fun, too.
I know.
I think he is.
Sometimes when I'm playing, a couple of plays don't go my way.
I'm like, fuck me.
Get me out of this arena.
He literally looks like he's having like the time of his life
he is probably
it's incredible
it's funny because in that team right now
specifically we were talking about how much fun they have
and they like to have a little bit of fun off the ice too
like they got good team chemistry
they go out and grab some drinks together
have a good time but they bring it on the ice
and obviously those Andrew Ferrett's comments
came out recently about how he said like guys were more worried about partying in Edmonton
and guys weren't taking it seriously.
I feel like the teams that have the most chemistry
and the ones that play the hardest together
are the ones that party the hardest together.
You don't think Vegas went out last year?
They were ripping it.
Ripping it.
I told a story on the pod.
The Oilers were bad. That's why they weren't good
In a previous episode
I talked about how
When LA won their first cup
Every round that they won
They were going on a bender
In Hollywood
And then they ended up
Winning it all
Like I mean
Fuck these guys
Were going on three nights
In a row
After a playoff series
That they just swept
Or won in five games
Ham and cheese can't
go anywhere though I
bet in Calgary.
Dude.
I went to
Stampede with him.
Really?
I was one night
I'm being a legend
with you there.
Oh God.
That's when he wore
Yeezy.
Did he wear Yeezy
on the horse?
No he wore Gucci
high rises.
So that's why he
loves coming to New
York because we'll
go out and grab
dinner and then
we'll go to a bar maybe.
No one has any idea who he is.
Yeah, Cal.
He doesn't care about that either.
No, not at all.
He would rather that no one knows who he is.
Oh, fuck.
Yeah, I thought you meant, like, yeah, he doesn't even.
I don't think many guys watch that.
He's, like, the nicest kid.
He's one of my best friends in the league.
But I can't even make, like, all-star plans with him.
Because, like, he literally goes to the all-star game every year.
I know.
I'm like, does it get annoying?
No, no, it gets annoying.
He's like, hey, all-star this year?
You're like, dickhead.
Are you not going to the game?
Are you going to turn down the game?
I mean, he's going to San Jose, but like...
We've got to interview him.
You know what Hazy did in order to fucking throw it in his face?
He actually went to the all-star game last year because I saw him there.
He was in Tampa.
Casperilla.
Casperilla.
It was the big pirate festival.
I saw him there.
We had a good night.
Some fans are like, do you get a late ad?
You're like, no, I got a flight this morning.
I'm down to Ripon.
I'm a civilian here.
But I went and congratulated him at the bar.
I was like, hey, congrats, man.
Mike Smith was like, hey.
I didn't know that.
Like, so pumped. Like, A, he was man. Mike Smith was like, hey, he was probably
shocked to see me there.
He was probably like,
how the hell
are you an All-Star game?
And I was like,
oh,
no,
I'm just here as a fan.
I had a Goudreau jersey on.
Hey,
they're like,
oh,
would you come down
to be one of the
pastors in the
skills competition?
Oh,
yeah,
are they letting you
wear your jersey?
You're going to wear
an NHLPA union jersey.
Hey,
that Gasparilla
is pretty crazy,
though.
Okay,
so,
you know,
I've been trashing
on Florida a lot on the pod lately.
I would say it's the sloppiest specimen known to man.
Like that Ybor City?
Is it down there?
It's literally right in Tampa, and everyone just dresses up as pirates.
People puking, pissing shit in every way.
It's disgusting.
It's like hazy obesity.
It's fresh in here, described in three words.
Puking shit shitting, scoring.
I don't know if I've ever told this story on the podcast when I played under 18 about Anthony Stewart.
I don't know.
We went out after we won the gold medal.
Not a big deal.
It was the summer one.
So not the world championship.
There's always an under 18 that's like right before your second year in the OHL if you played underage.
So we had a stacked team with team canada we had like dion finoff brent seabrook like all those 85 the 85 uh draft group it was i was the 03 draft anyway we ended up winning the gold medal
and we go out anthony stewart got gets fucking crippled we all get back and he's late and
seabrook and another guy come back and he's late and Seabrook
and another guy
come back
and they were like
the leaders
and there was like
whispering going on.
It was one of those hotels
you could stare down
in the lobby.
So all the rooms
were like facing out
and you could look in
and like obviously
something was up.
Stewie was the last guy
that hadn't gotten back.
We're leaving at like
5 a.m.
Oh yeah,
that night's always,
oh that's World Juniors
but no rest.
Same idea. You're not sleeping, you're going and having a good time. Oh yeah, that night's always, oh that's World Juniors, but no rest. Well, same idea.
You're not sleeping,
you're going,
having a good time.
Well, apparently
he got so wasted
he was like pissing,
puking,
and shitting himself
in downtown
Piastjani, Slovakia
and the cops
wouldn't take him,
the ambulance
wouldn't take him.
He's covered in shit.
They had to fucking
pay a guy
to put him
in the back
of his station wagon.
They go get him, bring him back.
He's covered.
Keep in mind, he's 230 pounds as a 17-year-old.
They had to carry him up to his room,
and Dion Phaneuf had to hose him the rest of the night until it was time to go.
He was so out of it.
He got on the bus the next morning,
passed out right in the coach's seat in the front seat.
So the coach couldn't sit down in the front seat.
By the time he finally came to, he was on our second flight.
He's like, where are we?
He's like, what happened?
And we all told him what happened, and he didn't believe us.
And we're like, smell yourself, because he's still kind of...
He had a shower before the fight?
He got hosed down by Dion Phaneuf.
But, I mean, come on.
You can't scrub a dub-dub.
The guy's 230. Phaneuf, but, like, I mean, come on. You can't scrub a dub-dub. The guy's 230.
Phaneuf's, like, getting up in there.
It was like Otis' dad who picked him up in the cabin.
Oh, the best part about it is he was so concerned about where his Air Force Ones were,
but they had to throw them away because they were covered in piss, shit, and puke.
And then apparently he did it at World Juniors a couple years later.
Same idea, same thing.
He's like, well, I made the World Junior team.
Why would I?
It should change the way I'm going.
This is working.
I bet you he can get him on the podcast.
He's a hilarious guy, great personality.
And him and his brother were great hockey players.
Oh, my God.
And so going back to the list.
So who are they?
Keith and Bugsy.
Yep.
Vs.
Vs. is sneaky funny.
The driest humor ever.
Best one-liners.
He's dropping a little something after you see somebody flip out in a store.
The next line by Veece is just gold.
But he's so good at impersonating people too.
He remembers if a coach says something, game one, he'll remember it.
In game seven, he'll be like, hey, remember when he said this or something?
Oh, my God.
He's fucking hilarious.
He has the Harvard humor, though.
Yeah, too smart for a lot of people.
They don't even get some of his jokes.
Oh, he's an intelligent guy?
He went to Harvard.
I know, but if you play hockey, it doesn't mean much if you say you went to Harvard.
His dad convinced him that he was not good at hockey,
so, like, he took school, like, super, super serious.
Oh, smart.
Yeah.
His dad's a legend.
Yeah.
His dad was a good player, dude.
Oh, was he?
Yeah.
And then, so who?
Rick Nash has a very hidden.
You think Nash is done?
You don't want to say?
Yeah, I'm not really sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But, like, Nash is a Hall of Famer. Like, people are, yeah. But, like, Nasher's a Hall of Famer.
Like, people are going to look into it.
Oh, he's a Hall of Famer?
He's a...
Yeah.
That's a great question.
How many league awards did he win?
I'd say, yeah.
I'd say he's a Hall of Famer.
He won the Rock of Richard.
Yeah.
I don't know if he ever won an MVP.
He's going to be...
I don't know if he'll be first ballot, but he could get into the Hall of Fame.
There's another guy who's pretty funny and pretty...
But if he likes you, he's pretty quiet.
If you're in his circle, he's fucking hilarious.
Yeah, I heard a lot of good things about Rick Nash.
I think you told us this already once.
He got a helicopter to go play golf.
He took care of it all.
He loves golf.
What a guy.
What a guy.
But he's fucking funny and then
i i might have to give the last one zook is yeah like zook by the way you told me or somebody no
somebody tweeted me when we talked about zook on when you came on last was like hey if you get
zuccarello every single person in norway will listen oh and the person like yeah it's it's that
much over there he is a complete king in Norway.
He's one of the nicest guys, too.
He's one of the biggest team guys,
not public.
He's not the hero in the media,
but he's the guy around the boys
and saying,
hey, we're all going to dinner at this spot.
Let's go team bonding.
He's just like,
he loves his teammates, basically.
That's the best.
So he does a lot of charity work too.
They had that outdoor game, him and Lundqvist.
They just joined this year, but he's been doing that for five years now.
And he raises like a shit ton of money.
Did you play him?
That's the one you went and played in?
Yeah, that's the one we went over and played in.
And he gets like legitimate players.
This summer it was like Forsberg, Carlson, Hedman.
What's Forsberg like?
Peter Forsberg, Lundqvist, Nikolai Ehlers, Zouk, Prasad, McDonough, Brady Shea.
He's doing a good job.
It's a legitimate.
Did you have a conversation with Peter Forsberg?
I didn't go this year.
I was at fucking Whit Dog's wedding.
Whit Dog's brother's wedding.
He fascinates me. Guy didn't drink at it either I was at fucking Whit Dog's wedding. Whit Dog's brother's wedding. He fascinates me.
Guy didn't drink at it either.
Professional.
That's true.
Walked in, didn't have a drink.
I was like, what?
Whit gave a great, great speech.
He roasted his brother, though.
Me and my brother pounded my other brother on the speech.
Just dummy.
Would you call him Shauna?
Shauna?
The biggest speech pounding I've ever heard was from Ned Haver. And it was with one of his buddies.
And you might even know the story.
The brother got up to give a speech for his brother who was getting married.
And apparently the kid getting married is like the well-liked son of the family.
Like he's the scholar, like more successful.
And the kid basically like went on and on.
And then he ended his speech.
You know, he always got everything.
He was smarter than me.
He did everything first.
Everything first,
except for his wife
and then dropped the mic.
Yeah, I mean,
I've heard,
I don't know,
I think that's like a Boston,
not, yeah.
Because he crushed
his future wife first.
I didn't do that
to my brother.
No, I mean,
I'm saying,
I just told the story
because...
Maybe it wasn't that big
of a roast
yeah yeah
because that to me
is old
it was like a lovingly roast
I really love him
that's a wedding ender
people might actually leave
at this point
yeah
Whit actually was
like spot on
with some of the stuff
he was saying
like Sean Whit
is always so worried
about everything
oh he panics dude
and so after the wedding
like we were saying
like this kid will panic
Over the littlest stuff
Like
Like an Uber ride
Cancel it on him
Yeah he's like
Oh my god
What the hell
I'm like dude
And then
We were just
Making plans
For when he came home
For Thanksgiving
And
We got tickets to go
Like do something
With my father
And then all of a sudden
He's like
Oh my god
Dude
That's after my flight
I won't be
That's before my flight
I won't be
Flipping on text
Estimation report
I'm like
Dude
Change your flight
It was two months prior
He's like
Oh yeah
He's like
He goes
Did I just do the thing
That you brought up
In the best man
I'm like
Yeah that's you dude
Hey but he is loyal as shit
Like every time
If I score
Get an assist
He like Texts me He's like Hey dude. Hey, but he is loyal as shit. Like, every time if I score, get an assist, he, like, texts me.
He's like, hey.
Like, tells me exactly what time it was happening at.
Yeah, he loves watching his buddies play.
He loves watching his buddies from home play, which is awesome.
Yeah.
But, yeah, so I think that would be my top five.
Wait, back to Zouk.
So he raises, like, a shit ton of money for this.
It's called Right to Play.
And he raises, like, I think he raised close to, like, it's called Right to Play and he raises like,
I think he raised close
to like a million dollars
this year.
Really?
And it's,
sends like sports gear
to Tanzania
and he flies over there.
Like that team
who came and skated
with Kroger?
Yeah,
but he sends like,
I don't even think
it's hockey related
to be honest.
I think it's more just like,
like soccer balls,
basketballs,
like shit that they don't have
and he goes over
with the company. Really? Yeah. That's awesome. Oh, so he's shit that they don't have. And he goes over with the company.
That's awesome.
So he's just a salt of the earth.
And when I went over there five years ago, have you been to Norway?
No, I heard it's a nice country.
So right now, I think it's always dark.
But if you go in the summer, 20 hours of light.
It's like Alaska.
You can tee off at like 10 p.m.
It's insane.
We were out one night, and it's like 2 in the morning, but it looks like it's 9 a.m.
You can't stop partying.
It's crazy.
You can't stop ripping it up until it's dark.
It's dark.
Dark is what tells you to end.
How are the ladies?
It's good.
That place is beautiful.
That place is so rich, dude.
It's the most expensive country in the world.
Yeah, Oslo.
My buddy played in Oslo, and he said if you went to a bar, it was like 12 a year.
Crazy money.
But, like, oh, yeah, it is expensive there.
But Zouk, we didn't pay for one thing.
It was, if you go around with Zouk, you get anything you want.
Was there paparazzi?
Oh, dude, this tournament is huge over there.
It's not even a tournament.
They call it.
So it's, like, the biggest thing going on in the summer there.
I think he's the most well-known Norwegian.
What?
Probably, dude.
I'm trying to think.
They have some skiers and things.
Isn't the president there a woman and she's gorgeous?
Wouldn't be surprised.
Wouldn't be surprised.
What's weird is that Finland and Sweden are so good at hockey and they're not kind of.
They just don't have a lot of people, I don't think.
Is that what it is?
It's a small country.
It's probably like a couple million.
That's the one next to Sweden and Finland, right?
Yeah.
I don't know if it's considered Scandinavia.
Is it considered Scandinavia?
Yeah, it's Scandinavia.
Can someone help us out here?
Yeah, Grinelli, camera guy, you know what Scandinavia is?
But you should see.
It really is. camera guy you know what scandinavia is uh but like you you should see like like so we we flew into oslo and i went over with uh crider broussard carl hagland
what else was there and someone else maybe mcdonough i remember when you were going over
there yeah i missed my first ever. Yep. Fallon Cup.
And, dude, we get off the flight, and there's a huge billboard with our pictures.
Not like a sign, a billboard in the airport welcoming us to Norway.
It was incredible. With, like, pictures of you playing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so we stayed in Oslo, and then he's friends with one of the Norwegian League teams.
It's called Stavanger or something, and so it's like a 45-minute flight.
So we flew there for the game, and we stayed there,
and this guy took us on a helicopter flight through the fjords.
Norway is epic.
Sick.
Beautiful.
They film like Lord of the Rings movies and stuff.
Dude, it's so sick.
Well, like movies like that.
So now they play against Hankey's team, film like Lord of the Rings movies and stuff. Dude, it's so sick. Movies like that.
So now they play against Hankey's team, but before we would just play against that Stavania
pro team. Sold out,
Bart. Completely sold out.
And that's where the best imitation in the history
of hockey happened. Patrick Thorson.
Yeah, he was on our team.
He dressed up as Zouk. He dressed up as
Zouk with the long hair and the stick that's 15 feet
long. Imitate him.
And legit is him.
People will check this out.
I've mentioned this before.
People have seen it.
But if you haven't, check it out.
After this interview.
It's actually Zouk is like he always just asks other guys in the team,
like on the team that we're playing against for their stick,
not to like keep.
He actually uses it.
No, no, no.
He uses it like next game.
Shut up. It's insane. Oh, no, no. He uses it next game. Shut up.
It's insane.
Oh, he changes sticks up
and lengths up more?
Patterson stick.
No, just because
if they had a sick goal,
he'd be like,
oh, I need to get that stick.
He uses it in the game.
His stick's long, though, dude.
Yeah, but it's insane.
I've used the same stick
since I've been seventh grade.
Literally.
The same exact pattern.
I haven't changed one thing.
He uses a different stick every practice.
Malkin would use different sticks in companies in between the games,
in the middle of the game.
And Zook's actually unreal at impersonating how people play hockey on the ice.
He does an unreal Patrick Kane.
He does a pretty good meet, unreal Gabrick.
And it literally looks like
you know what Zuka does
in the wall here.
Oh, so he'll imitate
the skating,
the scantling,
the mannerisms.
And then,
he's got to get that on video.
That shit's cool.
It's so funny.
Yeah.
And then,
I remember
one of the fun,
you guys might not think
it's that funny,
but this is a couple years ago.
We were doing,
you know the one-on-one
with the back checker,
like you start in the corner.
And then D. Biggest undercover
back checker in the league's history.
Exactly. There's that one.
You go one-on-one and then you
have to back check.
Him and Stalzi always go
at it. They're like best buddies. They always go at
it in practice. Stalzi
hit him and he fell. His helmet
came down like this so he couldn't see.
Instead of fixing it, he just got up and started sprinting around the ice.
But he actually couldn't see.
He didn't care one bit.
But he was doing it to be funny.
I was mic'd up that day.
I was crying on the ground laughing.
Because his hair was in front of his eyes and his helmet, his visor was down by his mouth.
His helmet was like this. And he actually couldn't see in front of him eyes and his helmet, his visor was down by his mouth. His helmet was like this.
And he actually couldn't see in front of him.
He's just flying around the ice.
I love it.
Actually, dude, that reminded me of who Matt Murley, my buddy,
will be dying with this.
But Malone, we're talking about Bugsy.
We got after it.
We might have had a Super Bowl party at home.
We had practice the next day.
Dude, so we're in the corner and you're going up and ripping around the center ice dot
and then finishing the corner.
Laps, but different style lap.
So he's making the corner on a big turn, and he falls, dude.
It was like a redwood going down.
He's so big, and he was so hungover.
So he's sliding on the ice because it was one of those baggers.
They practice and do the ice before the bag skate.
So you're
flying into
the wall
so he is
down on the
ground
on the ice
and he's
like going
like width
of the rink
he's like in
the center of
the ice
he's like this
and as he's
sliding
he makes
eye contact
with me and
Merle
and we're
just like
in the far
corner
and he's
like
and he's
like
just
with his stupid deep laugh as he's sliding to the porch.
Me and Merle were in the corner.
Dude, I was crying laughing.
He was smiling.
I was just, I was into the porch.
Hey, there's nothing better.
Merle's the cry telling the story.
There's nothing better than having your close, close buddies on your team that you know what's going to get them to laugh.
Do you know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
And you're risking the fact the coach might fucking snap on you.
Dude, oh my God.
Seriously, but you had to get the joke in.
I do this fake cool guy skate.
Oh, yeah.
Like the fake drop of the shoulders and stuff.
Looking in the glass.
And he loses it. He can be dropping the shoulders and stuff. Looking in the mirror. Looking in the glass. And V's losing it.
He could be in the worst mood ever.
And I know it's going to get him going.
And I remember Scott Walker.
Remember how he used to wear his helmet?
So I put my helmet down like that.
So it's right like this.
And then I do the cool guy skate around the ice.
And V's is losing it.
Pionk dies too.
I don't think people that are like fans know when a guy falls or does something funny like that,
but I'm thinking falls, I think it's one of the funniest moments of the season.
Every time there's a good fall, fans are probably kind of laughing,
but the team is laughing ten times harder.
And the best is when the person that gets up and tries to act serious is like,
go back check, but we're all dying laughing.
Yeah, check your skates, buddy.
Give me that one.
I play with a guy, Vincent Laverde,
and he was a captain in Ontario when we won the Calder Cup.
He was just notorious for...
He was a good player.
Just falling.
It would be like a two-on-two,
and then blew away, like sticking to the crowd.
So he would always save clips for the end of the week.
He would rip on us, like, let's fucking back check here.
Get the fucking puck out here.
And they'd be like, all right, let's be better today.
But I got one last thing.
It would be like four Vinny falls of sticks going into the crowd.
Or he would fall and he would get back up real quick.
So yeah, that was similar.
I just love that stuff.
I also think it's hilarious When like
You have like the one guy
In your team
That like
Just like
Talks during the game
Like he'll be on like
Keith
He'll make a sick
Someone will make a sick play
Oh Keith
And Keith is like
Losing it on the bench
Like no one has any idea
What's going on
And like
G Money
Would make like a sick pass
And he would just skate up the ice
Staring at the boys
On the bench
Like the play's going Oh oh And he'd like Put his hand on his hip And they ice, staring at the boys on the bench, like the play's going.
Oh, oh, oh.
And he'd put his hand on his hip, and he'd be like,
look at us, and I'll be like, sick play.
Oh, dude, it was so funny.
No word of a lie, Jans would do it probably once every 20 games.
He would look up the wall and then make a no look
and stare at the bench and give her the all.
He always makes a pigeon sound too.
I don't know how to make it.
Do you know the term sonk?
Sonk you!
Sonk is like Keith Yandel's version
of psych.
He came out from behind the net once
and I think it was Cody McLeod was in front
and then he did the fake wrap
around the boards and then McLeod
completely bit on it and then you can hear Yans
on the video go, yeah, so
in the midst of a fucking
game and he caught it on video.
And nobody in the history of hockey
loves the move of the fake wrap around.
He gets behind the net, fake
slap shot, guys bite on it every time
I'm watching him. He ain't rimming it around
the boards, dude. He would always turn me from
shooting it from the goal line. I would always not look He would always turn me from shooting it from the goal line.
I would always not look at the goalie and just shoot it
from the goal line.
I scored one time
and he'd be like, you can hear it on video.
One for a thousand.
Last game, we're playing him.
I'm coming up. I love
doing a fake dump and seeing if the
D-man will turn
or the goalie. I'm coming up the red line
and in my head, I'm like,
all right, fake dumping.
All I hear is Keith.
I'm going against him.
He's like, not the fake dumping, not the fake dumping.
So I was like, fine.
You're playing against North Florida?
Yeah.
All right, the same game where they did the what's the worst name
in the English language.
Dude, so funny.
Who had that ready to go?
I swear to God, I have no clue.
You haven't looked into yet who did that?
No, but they should get a raise.
Dude, and the fact that they put you on the camera.
Dude, I had no idea.
I was dying.
And then I looked up and I see me and him are like face to face on the jumbo.
He goes like this when he came up to the guy next to him.
He's like, dude, he's coming.
And then he thought for sure I did it.
My dad was like, oh, you definitely had something to do with that. I still think you did. I had nothing to do. Yeah. Yeah. It was coming. Dude. And then he, he thought for sure I did it. Like my dad was like,
Oh,
you definitely had something to do with that.
I still think you did.
I had nothing to do with it,
but for those listening that don't know the backstory,
you know,
probably not many of you.
Cause we've talked about it on the podcast a few times.
So,
uh,
at MSG,
obviously Keith Yandel,
worst name in the English language,
funny clip from family guy.
They put the family guy clip on the Jumbotron and then put yes and yance both on the jumbotron those like little cert or little
squares in the corner to get the reaction of the family guy and then and it was just and you know
i think you said originally like you go to msg and you plan on seeing like smoke bomb from like
margot robbie or like like Whoopi Goldberg
or something
and then all of a sudden
you see like
this family guy
quoting Keith's face
out there
and he's one of like
you and actually him
like I consider myself
like a little funny
but like Keith
I literally laugh
the whole entire time
I'm with him
like I don't know
what the connection is
but like
we are literally dying.
We went to dinner with him the other day.
I think he has that effect on a lot of people.
It was the funniest three hours.
About nothing.
About nothing.
You don't even say it.
He's like, look at this guy's jacket.
Look at this jacket.
Where did you get that jacket?
Then the guy's like, what?
I got this jacket here.
Then he goes on that.
His wife's cooking dinner, and he's fake on the phone. He like yeah since we're not eating tonight like it's gonna take it too long
he's like we'll just take a chicken parm and she like looks back at him but like nothing triggered
him to do that he just thought it would be a good idea to do it uh we we when he came to scottsdale
last year with florida me taylor pyatt boyd gordon him went out to dinner and i think it was a three
and a half hour dinner.
And all he did the whole time was make fun of me.
And I wanted to stay longer.
I might have
told this story on this podcast once, but
I used to drive to the rink with him.
When you had your Wrangler?
It's the reason why I don't have it, because of Keith.
He called
it a Barbie mobile, right? And someone on the
team heard him. So every guy on my team called it the Barbie mobile and someone on the team heard him so every guy on my team
called it the Barbie mobile until I sold it
and I wish I still had it
he bullied you out of losing some money
I kind of like this car
I sold the car because
Keith would make fun of me all the time for it
and so I would
no matter if it was my car or his car
I would always drive
and he hates driving.
And so we'd always pull up to the same Starbucks, and he would run in and grab the Starbucks, and then we'd go to the rink.
And it's a middle of a winter storm, so cold out.
It's snowing so badly.
These two old guys are walking down the street holding a couch.
Whoever decided to move this couch that day is out of their mind.
But all of a sudden, I hear Keith, right?
My windows go down because I'm reaching out to get the coffees.
And he looks back at these two.
They're struggling.
It's so cold out.
Fucking snowing everywhere.
And he looks back.
He's like, hey, do you guys get the time?
And they're both struggling to hold this.
And they're like, you fucking prick.
Oh, dude.
And it's just like we're on our way to the game.
People are trying to, like, focus probably.
Right, man.
Being really focused game day.
And he is.
I'm convinced that he would tell Tippett not to play me just so he could fuck around with me before games.
Because obviously I was a lot more serious when I was in the lineup.
Because I knew I was going to get my three.
Yeah, he's like, hey, we can't have Biz being serious
today. He's going to scratch his ass.
Oh, dude. So if I would get
sat like eight games in a row,
by game seven, I'd start
getting a little cranky. Oh, in practice
you'd be a motherfucker.
Well, more afterward, I would get bag
skated for 45 minutes.
Yeah, that's actually the worst. It sucked.
It sucked, right? And, you know,
obviously I would get a little cranky.
And, like, when I got to the game,
he'd be like,
why don't you show up early?
And I'm like, yeah,
I'm not playing for, like,
the seventh or always.
I got selfish.
And he, like, made me feel bad about it.
He does, man.
He makes you feel bad about, like,
everything has to go his way.
No, yeah, he's like...
Yeah, he wants to leave
when he wants to leave.
He always gets his way, too.
So if I'd be having a conversation with someone, like, let's say donor, and he's like yeah he wants to leave when he wants to yeah he always gets his way too so so if i'd be having a conversation with someone like like let's say donor and donors like hey like
don't worry about shaking off he'd be like oh no don't talk to him he's in a miserable mood like
apparently he fucking thinks he should be on the power play or something and i'm like yeah it's
like come on and he's like no no no no talking to biz guys don't talk in a biz, guys. Don't talk in the biz. Oh, my God. What else do we got?
Is Yanz a shower talk?
There's nobody in the  he's going to join a club.
I know, man.
But he's never going to retire.
I know.
He won't retire.
He's going to play for another 20 years.
He's like, Kristen, this is unbelievable.
We have 80 million in the bank.
This is crazy.
No, I signed in the Czech League.
I leave in two weeks.
I heard they got really good BIC one-raisers.
He can only buy the job in Czech, so I'm going with him.
We're going to bring the kids.
Yeah, he's like, ham and cheese and hay?
He signed in Japan, so I'm over there.
I'm playing 50 games, and then I'll be home.
I think we should let him go.
Yeah, we should let him go.
And these guys are like, yeah.
Yeah, the camera guys are like, Jesus Christ, enough with the stories.
Enough with the horrible stories.
You know what? When you have your number one most requested, Jesus Christ, enough with the stories. Enough with the horrible stories. You know what?
When you have your number one most requested, we needed it.
We needed it.
I feel like this is going to be a forever thing where he's like, all of a sudden he retires and we just break the news that he's joining us.
Him and R.A. have to fight in a death match to see who becomes the host of the show.
That's fine.
It's like whoever owns more Boston Bruins memorabilia, like his entire family, cousins included, or R.A.
Him and his old man, him and Hazy's old man will have a dress off.
They'll raid each other's closets.
They're like, I hit you with this Nautica sweatshirt.
He's like, I hit you with these Jabots.
He's like, Jabots?
Those are sick, I heard.
He's like, and I hit you with these spot-built coaching shoes.
Oh, I got the newest version of those.
I got the
Pete Carroll New Balance. Suck it.
I saw you
parked in Dorchester with your white dog.
Alright, Kevin Hayes.
Love you. Of course, fellas.
Love you, buddy. You're the best, buddy.
That interview was also brought to you by
Quip. The new year
means new resolutions, and we've got one working for you twice every day.
It's your oral health.
And with a Quip electric toothbrush, sticking to good habits is simple.
The guiding features are like a built-in support system for better brushing.
A lot of people have probably been brushing the wrong way for years.
That's not the case with Quip anymore.
It's got the sensitive sonic vibration, so people know if they're going too hard or too soft.
It tells you when to switch over every couple minutes with the pulses every 30
seconds because 90 of us don't even brush for the full two minutes or do it very evenly.
I'm telling you, I've had Quip for a couple of years now. Things unreal. You get brush heads
delivered on a dentist-recommended schedule every three months for just 5. They remind you you're
due. Boom, they send it in the mail. No problem.
Quip is the first electric toothbrush accepted by the ADA,
the American Dental Association.
They're backed by over 25,000 dental professionals,
and they have thousands of verified five-star reviews, okay?
I love Quip because it's not one of those trashy toothbrushes you get for free
at the dentist's office.
This thing works.
It's legit, and you get the new heads every time you need them.
Boom, they come in the mail.
Over 1 million happy, healthy malts do the same thing.
Quip starts at just 25. If you go to getquip.com slash chiclets right now,
you can get your first refill pack for free. That's your first refill pack free at G E T Q U I P.com slash chiclets. Thanks again, Hazy.
We had a great time over there.
Also, we want to let everyone know we recorded that interview.
So a lot of times we hear or we get the request of,
can you release these interviews in video form,
even when we're kind of over Skype?
Well, this one was in person.
And we're going to do that when we see a number that we're happy with
in terms of downloads and listening to this episode of the podcast.
So tell your buddies out there to listen to this hazy episode.
Once the numbers get to where we want them to be at, we're going to release the video on YouTube of just us doing that interview in person.
Because I think I was doing my Bugsy Malone imitation.
Everyone might get a kick out of that sliding on the ice into the board with a smile on my face.
Oh, we were having a good time.
And for those of you who think we're just trying to leverage you to get listens,
we just want to keep our sponsors happy.
We sponsor the podcast, Biz20Shoutout.
Yeah, sorry, Biz.
Have we told people what  like we don't put them on YouTube
because then people may not listen on the podcast app.
Right, and the sponsors who pay the money to keep this machine
rolling and for us to get better and keep scaling up uh they're gonna be pissed off and then we're
not gonna be having any sponsors and the next thing you know like ra can't fucking play as
puck lines so uh what else is going on in the hockey world all right i got a couple small
trades yeah let's do video so everybody can make fun of all our fucking flaws in hd people love
talking shit when your fucking pitch is online man you gotta you gotta do the best everybody can make fun of all our fucking flaws in HD. People love talking shit when your fucking pitch is online,
man. You got to do the best you can to look pretty.
I don't give a shit. I know I'm like
a seven. My looks, I'm a
seven. Personality
gets me to an eight. Wallet gets me to
a 9.1. I'm a 9.1.
Wow.
Go ahead.
Let's get on with that money. All right. A couple
of minor trades.
The Blackhawks acquired defenseman Slater Cuckoo in a 2019 fifth-round pick from the Lightning in exchange for defenseman Jan Ruta in a 2019 seventh-round pick.
Another trade, the Flyers acquired defenseman Jacob Graves in a sixth-round pick
in 2019 from the Arizona Coyotes in exchange for forward Jordan Wheel.
Biz, you're going to give us your take as a member of the organization.
Well, I play with Wheel in Manchester with the Monarchs.
He was the MVP in the Calder Cup playoffs.
We won that Calder Cup.
Just a honey badger, works his balls off, very competitive.
You know, he signed over in Philly.
I mean, I don't think things have panned out the way he's wanted to.
I think that he's got a pretty limited role there.
And, you know, of course, with the injuries that Arizona has sustained
over the course of the season, he should be able to go in there
and actually get a fair bit of reps and touches.
I mean, I'm sure Philly fans might have their comments on how they felt this time there
was, but a great guy, great addition.
And of course, coming over to a team, as I mentioned, that's been dealing with a ton
of injuries.
I joke around about the Yotes being a wagon.
Like, I obviously over-exaggerate it, but for a team who's dealt with as much injuries
as they have this season, but they're four points out of a wild card position uh certain guys have stepped up i mean brad richardson being
one and then of course he just got fucking hurt and put on the ir and then schmaltz who we picked
up in the chicago trade uh another guy who got called up uh garland connor garland actually from
wit i think he's from your hometown and he actually wanted me to tell you at this or tell you thank you because your old man stopped by his old man's
place and wished him well and in the start of his nhl career didn't have a goal in his first
seven games i didn't think i don't think he had a point in his first seven nhl games
but you know as being an undersized player and throughout his whole life having to find ways
to adapt to each level and get, you know,
find little holes and be better.
He's found a way to provide offense at the NHL level.
Now eight goals on the year.
I just took one off the face actually in Edmonton on,
on Saturday night.
And I believe that was his eighth and wit.
I mean, growing up near him, you know, what are your thoughts?
The town I was raised in, Scituate, Massachusetts,
it's just a beautiful coastal town.
It produces some pretty good athletes, pretty, pretty, pretty good.
We got Ryan Donato's from there, myself from there, Connor Garland now,
and this kid has dominated anywhere he's ever played.
It's always been big numbers.
I heard about him a few years back from a buddy of mine who scouts.
It was like, this kid's legit.
Because he already went up to the Quebec League, which isn't very common.
I know we talked about Keith Yandel did it.
Josh Hennessy did it.
He is a good friend of mine.
But right when this kid got to Moncton, he was really good.
And there was no stopping him, no matter how small he was.
I mean, he had 129 and then 128 points his last two years of junior.
That is no joke.
So to see him make the NHL when people kept telling him he was too small,
it's kind of similar to the Goudreau thing where everyone tells you
you're too small, yet everywhere you go you dominate.
At some point you've got to figure, all right,
this kid's just going to do it at the next level as well.
So I was happy for him.
I was very, very pleased to see when he got hit by the puck
and to see him get hit in the face and have that puck go in.
Dude, Biz, I know you've played with guys like this too
who would do anything for a goal.
Like, you don't even give a shit if it goes in after.
I saw his interview.
He's like, I didn't know what happened. Then all of a sudden people were telling me I scored. I was
like, I would have taken it off my shin pad, but I don't care how it goes in if it's off my face.
And people actually said last night, justifiably, you know, look how tough this guy is in the face,
gets a goal off the face, gets a goal, comes back to the game. Dude, you know how fired he up,
up he was. He's like, I'm ready to play play again and then he gets another one so the whole night was awesome for him and i mean eight goals through
17 games that's no joke i mean like obviously you know he doesn't have many assists but
biz you've seen him and it's it's just a player who's really skilled and makes plays
and he works his balls off and uh so congratulations to him and the arizona coyotes who have uh put a
lace little string together here just to stay in that hunt.
And, Ari, what are your thoughts?
Yeah, I love watching the kid play.
He's scored in four straight.
He's got six goals in his last four games.
If you haven't seen the interview, we should tweet it out from the account.
It's almost like a wrestling promo.
He's got blood streaming down his face like he hadn't got stitched up yet.
In one of the networks in Canada, they measured the shot he took off the face.
It was 68 miles an hour that he got hit with.
I'm surprised he didn't break his jaw.
Seriously.
I mean, it got him up by  or even fucking fuck his eye up
because he got it up by the temple, and he took 10 stitches
because he was leaking pretty good, and he realized he scored.
But, yeah, I actually grew up with his mom.
His mom's originally from Charlestown, so I know his mom pretty well,
which I didn't find out until recently.
He actually played up in Quebec.
So rooting for him, he's kind of a local kid.
He's definitely a local kid.
Check that interview out.
It's great having another Boston-era kid to root for.
I remember Eric Christensen, Biz.
Yep.
Yeah, so we played together in Pittsburgh.
One of the most skilled players I've ever seen in my life, a shootout machine.
He liked death metal.
He'd listen to death metal on the bus before a game.
He was a big guitar player and he would play
like hard metal guitar.
Yeah, you would never look at him and be like, this guy loves
death metal. He probably had bodies in his closet
and shit. Anyway, back to
Eric Kirshenson. So I remember he hadn't
scored. I don't want to say the amount of games
but it was long enough where like you need a
goal and I think I shot
a puck that went in off his shin pad.
Something happened where he got a lucky bounce.
He's like, I needed that so bad.
So guys do not care when they need a goal.
Not that Garland needed him, but guys will take a puck off the face,
off the mouth, knock out teeth.
If it goes in when you need a goal, you do not care.
That's just  that's hockey.
That is hockey.
Speaking of mouth, Nate McKinnon ofado avalanche was running his mouth pretty
good at his coach on the bench the other night i'm not sure who saw the clip i know you guys did
uh we've talked about coaches and players chirping back and forth at each other on the show a lot
it was a great clip uh you did you check it out biz i did yeah it uh i mean yeah not a look not
a good look and then he fell back back. That was a tough look.
That's what made it hilarious.
Hey, you know, sometimes these guys who have a lot of pressure on them,
you know, get a little crazy.
And, you know, sometimes there's some creative conflict, as they say,
between you and the coach.
And, I mean, fuck, sometimes I got hot-headed when I was playing in the coast
and when I was playing 30 minutes a night, not a big deal,
and I was a two-time All-Star.
I wouldn't say I got into it, but I was a little more vocal.
Then obviously you get up to the NHL level and I'm just a peasant.
I don't say shit.
When I get called off, I come off.
If he tells me, don't fight right now, I don't fight.
I was just a foot soldier.
Yeah, I don't know.
Hopefully, he even said after the game, he's very apologetic about it.
What were your thoughts?
I think that the best players in the world, he's right there.
Dude, sometimes they're the type of guy that they're going to give it back
to their coach.
I'm not saying that's right, but what are they going to do?
I mean, if that's how McKinnon plays, if he's an intense bastard
and kind of goes at it with the coach
when he thinks he's right and that he made the correct play,
I'm not exactly sure what they were disagreeing with.
But McKinnon's a high enough level player
where if he doesn't agree with the coach, he's making the money.
I mean, he's way more valuable to that team than Bednar.
So sometimes guys are going to let the coaches know,
I don't fucking agree with you.
And they're losing the game.
They've been struggling.
Now, I think it's good that he came out and said he apologized for it.
Did he apologize, Biz?
Yeah, he said it's unacceptable.
Okay, so I really respect that.
Do you have the quotes?
No, he was frustrated that the goalie hadn't been pulled earlier,
and he said, I can't be doing that.
He said, I can't not be doing that stuff.
And I thought, actually, the quote from the coach is great.
He said, it didn't bother me at all.
Yeah, exactly, and that's what I'm saying. I think a lot of guys, the quote from the coach is great. He said, it didn't bother me at all. Yeah, exactly.
And that's what I'm saying.
I think a lot of guys,
and maybe,
maybe it happens more often than,
than you realize if you're an avalanche fan or if it happens more often, if you're a penguins fan,
that sometimes the best players in the world go back and forth with their
coach.
They're good enough where they're able to,
like this said,
if you're,
you know,
a fourth liner,
if you're me,
it's like,
talk back to him.
You'll sit on the bench,
dude.
These guys aren't going to get benched. Unless you're're revo what unless you're revo and you threaten them
with and you put your stick up through his throat and then he's like yeah this guy would probably
rip my fucking head off so unless you're slashing your coach in the neck and then like kind of
giving a little wave apology still my favorite clip ever talking about revo so um yeah i mean
dude it's it's like we always say.
You play a fiery game, you're losing.
The Avs have been struggling, man.
They were looking great, and it's kind of showing that they got the first line,
and then there's a big drop-off, second, third, fourth line.
I think I'm pretty sure our boy Hazy is going to get traded.
I could picture him in Colorado.
That's totally not a scoop or anything.
That's just like Colorado could use him.
That's a good call, Witt.
They need a player for the second line.
They have to get more depth.
So I understood where it's come from.
It's just the fact that he fell.
If you're in the middle of an argument, you fall back.
And I think Landis Scott could help them up.
Like, oh, boy, this is going to be a tough look.
Yeah.
And, guys, before we move on, got to talk to you guys about Herbal Active,
the 100 hemp-based CBD product.
It is awesome.
I told the bedwetting story.
You know, unfortunately, sometimes I sleep so good on it,
I have to wet the bed because I just don't wake up.
Hey, that's just the way the cookie crumbles.
I'm not proud of it, but I'm also not
embarrassed of it. They got the balm that's great for joints, sore muscles. I've been getting some
awesome direct messages about it, just on how much it's been helping people. Well, of course,
sleep, help with anxiety, depression. We talked about the mints that they have. They actually
have dog treats as well. Folks, if I could ask you, message the herbal active, that's U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V. Herbal Active. Go to them on social media, whether it's
Twitter or Instagram. Ask them all your questions. They will get back to you. They've hired people
to help answer all your specific questions. Of course, we're going to hit you with promotion.
of course we're going to hit you with promotion biz 20 20 off of your full order uh like i said they got a lot of things i think if if you're that interested in it you're dealing with pain
you're dealing with anxiety or any of those uh things i talked about and there's far more things
that it could help out with so if you have any questions do not message me message the herbal Message me. Message the Herbal Active social media account. Biz20 promo code for 20 off.
Herbal Active.
U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.
All right, and back to what we were talking about, boys.
And speaking of other, I guess, other snap shows,
Randy Carlisle wasn't too happy when Josh Cooper of The Athletic
asked him about being on the hot seat.
Anaheim's been struggling mightily,
and Carlisle basically just said, like, that's a dogshit question
and got up and walked out of the press conference or whatever it was.
Maybe it was like a little scrum.
Scrum, yeah.
He said that's a dogshit question?
Well, what was the exact quote?
That's basically what he said.
I think it was a dumb question. Called it a flat-out dumb question. Yeah, dumb question was the exact quote? That's basically what he said. No, I think it was a dumb question.
Called it a flat-out dumb question.
Yeah, dumb question was the exact quote.
I mean, I think it's a fair question, man.
I mean, everyone's thinking it.
You're just letting out the, what is it, the white elephant in the room?
Is that how you say it?
The white elephant?
He also called the reporter a jerk.
Whoa.
Oh, the old jerk by the jerk store called.
They ran out of you.
You're an all-time bestseller.
So, I don't know.
Randy Carlisle, I was surprised when he got that job back.
Rumor has it that they thought the inmates were running the asylum a little bit
in Anaheim, and they wanted somebody with a little more structure,
so they brought him back.
But he's just  I don't think he's adapted to the new style of play i think at the
start of the year he said that he was going to try to play that run and gun but if you're not
like embedded you don't really know the ins and outs of it it's tough to change up your whole
philosophy because if anything's not lined up it's just going to like deteriorate so i don't know
another team who's been riddled with injuries i I think they're top two in man games lost to injury this season.
So, nonetheless, they're on a tough streak.
So, we'll see what happens.
There might be another firing going on in the NHL this year.
Yeah, I mean, Anaheim really doesn't fire.
Like, Bob Murray, I feel like, won't fire him in the middle of the season.
I just don't think that's how they do things there.
But it's been a tough year, man.
They were struggling. Then they were playing great. Then just don't think that's how they do things there. But it's been a tough year, man. They were struggling.
Then they were playing great.
Then they were struggling.
Gibson's been great.
I mean, man, like, Kessler's had an incredible career,
but he has four goals in 42 games.
It's like some guys have gotten a little bit older there.
As we always talk about, it happens.
You battle injuries and you have a long career.
They have some guys kind of on the back nine there,
no matter how good they are.
But Randy Carlisle, to say that's a joke of a question or whatever
and call him a jerk, dude, I mean, what do you want the guy to do?
This is his job.
He's wondering, are you going to get fired?
The team's lost like nine out of ten or whatever the number is.
I mean, I don't necessarily  I think it sucks to have to ask that
and it sucks to be asked that.
But to call the guy a jerk for that,
unless there's other stuff behind the story that we don't know,
I don't really get that.
And not to throw anyone under the bus, what was Carlisle like as a coach
as far as maybe his in-game adjustments, his preparation, his systems?
Because, I mean, I think people would like to hear that
because he's a guy who gets ragged on a lot.
Basically, a lot of teams he coached get outshot and outpucked
possessed and that's been kind of the mo on him where that's why people are like hey like how does
this guy still have a job like he he might have the players what are your thoughts on him i mean
it was i i don't remember like that well i wasn't there that long but i do know he's hard on guys he
expects a lot out of guys um he also i mean like game planning he knows what he's doing do know he's hard on guys. He expects a lot out of guys. He also, I mean, like game
planning, he knows what he's doing. He met, he's big on matchups. He's always doing the matchup
thing, which it can get frustrating. I think at times now this could have changed. I mean,
I was with him his first go around. Did he change as a coach before he's back there now? I don't
know, but I know right now watching that team, dude, they're in the offensive
zone. They cycle it, they throw it to the point. And then he says, go to the net and they try to
get shots from the point and they try to get rebounds and they just don't create much offense.
It's that's their game plan. Throw it back to the point, go D to D shot. It's there isn't much
there. There isn't much creativity besides, you know, Kessler and Raquel. It's, it's, it's a weird
scenario there. Cause like, where do they go from here?
They have this great young goalie, but they don't have that much else.
I like their D. I like their D, but their team's certainly underperforming.
Yeah, no, interesting thoughts.
I mean, you said the matchup thing, and it's like even just hearing that,
you're like, okay, so you're constantly worried about what the other team's doing,
and it seems like if you're matching guys up,
it means you want them constantly to be on the defensive side of the puck and and shutting
teams down you mentioned he's he's a big defensive style coach but i mean in today's game you gotta
you gotta fucking play with the puck he he used to talk so much shit too i'd be skating around
he's like watch this crossbar bang how many norris's you got, Whitney? And I was like, fucking frick.
Mother of God, Randy.
Oh, my God.
Like, I'm not surprised this is happening, though.
Everyone said when he got rehired, like, you're bringing him back.
He was already with this core of players.
So, I mean, I like a lot of those guys.
I hope they get it figured out.
Yeah, there was nothing wrong with the question.
I mean, I think these guys, they're frustrated.
I mean, if someone's asking you, are you worried about your job
and it's the same person you see day after day after day,
I imagine the players, I mean, you guys must have gotten sick
of seeing the same fucking reporters day after day, no?
Oh, I had reporters come over in Edmonton.
I'd see them like 20 yards away.
I'm like, no!
The death march.
They're probably saying the same thing, though.
Or not even wanting to talk to you.
Boys, you want to talk about those All-Star jerseys?
They're recyclable.
Yeah, that's kind of cool.
I'm sick and tired, though.
I saw on my Twitter timeline, like, when they released the jerseys,
I had that picture of the jersey in the ocean.
I was scrolling down for two days seeing that picture.
Cool, though, that they're not spending materials or whatever.
Go green, NHL.
Speaking of the All-Star game, they did that last-man-in promo.
No, post that fucking rant to Instagram, please.
They did the last one.
You're just being so negative.
You're like, I got to dial back the negativity.
And you're like, oh, good, they're not ruining the oceans and stuff.
Go green.
Well, I do think those jerseys are cool,
but the only thing is how much better would they be if just in the arm
there was one slight color band of your team's color?
So, like, it's black and white, whereas if you just
if it was Pittsburgh jerseys, just a little yellow on the arm.
If you're the Sharks, just a little teal on the arm.
That would have been sick.
Next time
You don't know what would have been sick is Is to do it on the armpit patch.
Yeah.
So it's even more subtle.
There you go.
Oh, fuck.
Look at this.
Maybe call Biz.
Oh, Nike called.
They're hiring me as a designer.
Oh, sorry.
Shit.
New belts.
Never mind.
Fuck.
Great.
Just lost my sponsorship deal.
What do you got there, R.A.?
Speaking of the all-star game, they did the last man in promo
where they named the last four starters.
And in case you missed it, Gabriel Lindeskog, Dreisaitl,
Letang, and Skinner, those were the four guys who were named,
voted in by the fans of however the hell they decided on how much
the fan vote actually matters.
But those guys are going to the All-Star game.
Boys, it's been a while since we did an All-Right Hamilton.
Got some movie-related questions.
Actually, I don't know if you were listening to the radio the other day.
They asked a question I thought was a good one.
What's the best movie ever to start with the letter B?
B as in boy.
That's what Dave said, Braveheart.
Boys in the Hood, maybe.
It's legit.
Boys in the Hood, great movie It's legit. Boys in the Hood.
Great movie.
Great movie.
Fuchsius.
Fuchsius.
Wasn't that his dad's name?
Furious.
Furious Styles.
Yeah, Lawrence Fishburne.
It is a great movie.
I'm surprised you know that one.
That's an old one.
Oh, I love that movie.
What about you, Biz?
This isn't an R.A. Hamilton.
This is just they were talking about it on Bosco Radio.
The best movie to start with the letter B.
I mean, Braveheart.
It's going to be tough for me to think of anything better than that
to start with a B.
Fuck.
What about you, Brunelli?
That's a tough question.
It's like someone I got to sit down and think about.
Give me like 10 minutes.
I'll come back to you.
All right.
What do you got, Brunelli?
I would say, I don't know.
And I don't think I'm not a big Braveheart guy.
You're an idiot.
You're a fucking idiot.
So you just don't like it or you don't?
I'm not like the biggest fan of the movie.
I don't know.
What don't you like about it?
I just, I don't know.
It's long as fuck, first off.
And second off, I don't know.
It just doesn't really appeal to me.
I'm not like an argument.
I mean, how do you not side with Mikey?
Okay, wait.
So do you like Shawshank Redemption?
I do like Shawshank Redemption.
I mean, that was long.
Braveheart is long.
Character development, plot development.
What, you're not into all that type of shit?
No.
You want the Logan Paul?
I'm too busy tweeting and doing all this stuff for the social media
on the Spitting Chicklets account.
I just don't have the time to focus.
I'm always editing this podcast.
Take an Adderall and watch Braveheart.
I'm playing the world's tiniest violin right now.
Get this clip on there.
Oh, Dave's going to love this one.
Now he's being overworked.
Get this guy a raise.
Anyways, I like to pick one.
I think anytime you ask a movie question,
I think you have to do one from comedy and one from drama
because, you know, mostly drama movies are better.
But I think in the running, Boogie Nights.
That's a great movie.
Begins with a B.
Fantastic.
Oh, I agree.
Is that the one with the porn star?
Yeah, about Marky Mark's best movie, too.
It was his career peak.
What was his name?
Derek Diggler, a.k.a. Eddie Adams,
a.k.a.
Roller Girl. She got me going.
Roller Girl. She was phenomenal. Also,
another comedy, Blazing Saddles.
It'll be the greatest comedy of all time.
Was that one racist?
By modern day standards.
Oh, great. Tell Revo.
Hey, R.A. didn't learn his lesson.
Anyway, enough with the movies.
What's the R.R. Hamilton?
Yeah, well, they're kind of movie related.
So anyways, this one's from at Ryan Murray 2727.
We'll go to you last, Biz, because you can think about it.
What is on your Mount Rushmore for sports movies?
Mount Rushmore for sports movies.
What, dog?
What do you got?
R.R. Hamilton. I'm going to do this Dogg, what do you got? All right, Hamilton.
I'm going to do this pretty quick, whatever comes to my head, okay?
That's the best way to do these.
Rudy, Slapshot, Bull Durham, Tin Cup.
Boom, my top four.
That was without any thinking.
That's just like what comes to my head.
Tried to think, oh, did I do four sports there too?
I did.
What a legend.
I'm just going to copy what Witt says.
He's on fire right now.
I would completely agree with Tin Cup.
Slapshot.
Oh, any given Sunday.
Oh, great one.
The guy's eyeballs rolling around the field.
Steaming.
With a beam.
Didn't he leave his wife right when he became star and start crushing everything?
Of course he did.
What do you mean?
Oh, my God.
The Sharks.
That was when Cameron Diaz was still a smoke.
Oof.
Yeah, she was good in that.
Oh, you think now?
I don't know.
She was in something about marriage.
She was a dime.
But now, I don't know, man.
Well, I mean, she's probably like 45, 50.
I mean.
Okay, well, Christy Brinkley is like 83.
You know who's hot for an older woman is Kate Beckinsale.
And apparently, butthole eyes is crushing her again.
Beckinsale growing up, like in that movie Serendipity.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, she's beautiful.
My last one would be,
I mean,
I'll go with Rudy.
I'll go with another football,
football one.
Would you,
would you have Grinnelly?
How did you do that?
I mean,
for,
I could do it.
I do it quick.
Like,
wait,
I mean,
off the top miracle,
I'd say I love miracle miracles.
Like my favorite movie of all time.
I watched that like propaganda.
Uh,
I'd say Friday night Lights. Big Friday Night Lights
guy. I'd also
say Basketball Diaries
with Leo. I thought that was a really
good movie.
Would you really consider that a sports movie?
Yeah, that's like one of my
favorite movies. I love Leo.
Basketball in the title. It's called
Basketball Diaries. How can we not call that a sports movie?
Oh, gee. I mean, because I ain't that a sports movie? This is a good argument.
I think people would say it's a sports
movie because of that, but I almost
say it isn't. I know what you're saying. There's a couple scenes.
The main plot isn't
about sports. I'm going to go
as far as
to say,
what's the one that Bruce Willis is in?
The one that they say isn't a Christmas
movie or it is a Christmas movie?
I'm going to say Die Hard is more of a Christmas
movie than Basketball Die Hard. I disagree.
I disagree. Wow, dude, that's a
fucking great movie. What are you talking about?
You can't play basketball in high school
and then you use it. It's about drugs.
Yo, in Die Hard
they're never talking. It's Christmas
time, but they're never talking about Christmas.
They say Christmas in the movie.
In Basketball Diaries, dude, he's playing
games and then he starts going to games
high as fuck and he's also a huge
recruit. Wasn't he going to be like a superstar?
Yeah, he was stud.
Basketball was more involved in the movie
than Christmas in Die Hard.
I'll just send my statement.
By the way, I disagree with him and then just proved his point for him.
That's when you know you're well-rounded and balanced.
You're having a good day.
You and R.A. are both having good days.
I'm struggling a bit.
Until Swifty tried to blow the kid in the stall,
then that movie got a little fucking creepy.
Oh, that was my favorite part.
No, he blew a kid in the stall.
He blew a man. Well, no, later. But remember the coach who was trying to molest him bruno
he did have a tough goal at that school jesus all right let's move on this is getting depressing
oh i didn't go yet dude i gotta get my fucking answers come on man oh sorry well the game's
starting let's go all right let's go all right slap shot the natural the wrestler and hoop dreams
which is a documentary.
Those are my favorites.
Wrestler's a good one.
You knew you were going to get a rise out of me with Wrestler.
You can't do a documentary.
Why can't I?
All right, why can't I?
I mean, all right, if that's a new book.
Let's not argue about this.
Great call on the fucking Wrestler.
We've been talking about fucking movies for 20 minutes now.
People like, we've got to mix it up.
This one's from at Sam Minton, 22.
We've got to mix it up. Literally one's from at Sam Minton, 22. We got to mix it up.
Literally every fucking All Right Hamilton is about movies.
Because you fucking love movies and TV.
This is a fun one.
And he had that.
He goes, hold on, I haven't answered.
He has his written down.
He had a list of other ones.
This is a bar graph.
This is a fun one.
I actually sent you guys this one the other day,
so you can prep some answers.
Wait, can we just acknowledge the fact that you said we want to mix it up a little in the fact that we don't mix it up it's always
about movies just at least fucking give me that one today for your next question no that's funny
well that that it might even be funnier so it's from uh sam underscore minton 22 good guy good
long time listener who would you guys want to play ourselves in the spit and chiclets i like this
question all right So you can
I mean, I think I'll go first
because obviously I was thinking about it. Okay.
We're going to have fucking Michael Imperioli play
Grinnelli. That's fucking Spider from Goodfellas
of Chrissy from The Sopranos.
We're going to have Channing Tatum
play Biz because fucking
you know, he's got a cock out of his mouth.
Jesus. Channing Tatum.
Way too handsome.
Okay, me,
we'll have probably Michael
Chiklis or fucking Ed Harris
will play me.
And then for fucking Whitney, we're going to have
John C. Reilly play Whitney.
Oh, God.
That is good.
Same hair.
Same hair. Oh, fuck. That is good. Same hair.
Same hair.
Oh, fuck.
That's good. That guy's a funny bastard.
Guys, I'll keep your list, all right?
For myself, somebody keeps messaging me with this guy who's in The Punisher
and says I look like him.
Oh, that one picture, dude.
I couldn't believe it.
You actually are that guy's twin.
Jon Bernthal.
Yeah.
Shane. Yeah, I look like the guy from The Punisher,
so obviously if he's in that movie, he's
a decent, a legitimate
actor, so he could play me.
I like the John C. Reilly for
wit. I wouldn't
know for the other two guys, but
yeah, I don't like
your pick with the Chan and Tatum at all.
If I could play somebody else, I'd like to play a young Robert De Niro.
I feel like Dave Franco would be perfect for me.
He's got that young look to him, but he's also stunningly handsome like myself.
So I think Dave Franco would be perfect.
Is that the kid from Neighbors with Seth Rogen?
Yeah.
I didn't want to go below the belt with a rap
a poor comment for for wit i know i look so much like rap or it actually is that you do
sucks dude i know that guy's so have you ever gotten that in public 900 times you know who
you look like i'm like don't even fucking say mike rap port they're like let me pull up the picture
pull up mike rap port i'm like god damn. And you know what's funny? I told
my buddies recently, too. I look in the mirror
and sometimes I'm like, oh, I look good. And then when I'm
on these videos and stuff, I look
disgusting. Like, I do
look like Rapport. I don't see it till
I see myself on film. But I actually
want Jason Segel to play me. The guy
from Forgetting Sarah Marshall. I like that
guy. Good call. You're going to whip out your wrench like he
did. Did he? Yeah. Good call. You're going to whip out your wrench like he did? Did he?
Oh, yeah.
He did have his clock.
Yeah.
One thing on Die Hard,
the biggest argument against Die Hard
is a Christmas movie,
the fact that it comes out in fucking July.
It came out in July,
so Christmas movies don't come out in the summer.
This episode's All Right Hamilton
is brought to you by Kite.
Are you tired of your vape always dying,
always losing your extra pods?
You need to try Kite.
It's the new portable vape charger and, always losing your extra pods? You need to try Kite.
It's the new portable vape charger and pod case that's compatible with Juul devices.
Whether you're getting ready for an all-day tailgate or an all-night party,
Kite will make sure you're always charged up.
Kite gives your vape up to three full charges and holds three additional pods.
Use the promo code BARSTOOLFAN on kitecharger.com and enjoy 30 off today.
Kite products are not associated or sponsored by Jewel Labs Incorporated.
Again, the promo code is BARSTOOLFAN
at kitecharger.com for 30
off today. I think that about wraps
up the show. One more thing.
Biz, did you see what
Brent Burns got as gifts for his
1,000th game?
I would guess like a rifle or some camouflage.
I got to pull this up.
I started laughing so hard because I'm like,
all Biz does is bitchy complain about all this money he had to spend
on these guys for their thousandth game played.
Little did he know if he was just on the Sharks,
he would have just saved a shitload of money.
They gave him like a metalized or crystallized
megalodon
dinosaur tooth or something like that
here it is
a fossilized megalodon
tooth to antelope
for the ranch and a bottle of wine
give me a fucking
I gotta go online and see this
unless you were getting guys
you were getting guys guys is like 10 grand brent burns antelope comes up on oh my god do they bring the fucking thing out on
on the ice all right guys uh great episode once again everyone thanks for listening listen to
this one tell your friends to listen then we can get the video of hazy and us at his apartment
and thank you again so have a great week or Monday,
whenever you listen to this.
Start spreading the news.
You're leaving today.
Tell him, Frank.
I want to be a part of it.
New York, New York.
Your vagabond shoes. A part of it. New York, New York.
Your vagabond shoes.
They are longing to stray.
And step around the heart of it.
