Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. tomorrow shooting home quick before our trip out west boys so uh yeah it's nice here people complain oh my god it's so cold i'm like this a beautiful fall day in boston it's like 58 degrees perfect so you're on vacation in florida nice place huh uh yeah i guess so all right we have
that in common except for i'm not in tallahassee in panama city i'm in orlando which i guess isn't
much better well see siesta key lido key look it up. Take a note. Grinelli, what's up, buddy? You're in New York
City, correct, Armando? I am
in New York City, but the next time I see you guys
as beautiful faces, we'll be in the city
of LA. I've never been to California before,
so I'm excited to experience it with you guys
for the first time. It's like the Florida
of the West.
Yeah.
I really can't hear that. And that voice
was the lovely Paul Bissonnette.
Biz, these days you're looking like Tom Hanks in the terminal.
Last we saw you, you were sleeping at the airport.
You're showering at the airport too.
What's the fucking latest going on with you, brother?
Oh, that fucker.
I think that's the guy who took a picture because he was telling his brother
he met me and stuff like that.
Next thing you know, he's going paparazzi.
Boys, I pulled an all-nighter in Vancouver. Went hard after after an nhl first timer did you didn't sleep uh my flight to
toronto because i was going there to film some stuff with budweiser delayed three hours so i
slept in the airport finally uh got to toronto uh the the gate wouldn't work so i was stuck on the
plane for another hour uh but luckily got the the awesome Budweiser shoot done with the on-the-bench boys.
Flew back right after that to Scottsdale.
And then today we did a pillow talk with a couple awesome guests.
And we have an 8 o'clock game tonight.
So it's just been busy.
It's been busy for biz.
Dude, you're a workhorse.
Yeah, I'm going to have a nervous breakdown. Hey, you ever think dude you're you're a workhorse yeah i'm gonna have a nervous breakdown
hey you ever think you ever think when you get stuck on a plane like they board you on the plane
and then they make you sit there and one time in boston there was jet blue flight i think it was
on the tarmac 10 hours i would have pulled the exit emergency door and got arrested in a second
just to get off the plane hours what that's the? That's the record? 10 hours? That's insane.
Dude, it might have been 13.
It was crazy.
Sitting on the plane.
And you're like, let me get off in the terminal.
There's a Dunkin' Donuts.
Like, no, you're stuck on the plane.
We have Dunkin' Donuts.
I was your seatmate for 11 hours, Whit.
Oh, my God.
Hey, Grinnell, so this is your first time going to California. Just to get you guys up to speed, the audience, we are going out to California.
We're going to be in L.A. for a couple days
and then shooting up to San Jose for the All-Star Game festivities.
Very much looking forward to it.
And Grinnell, he's kind of breaking his Cali cherry.
Yeah, I'm excited.
I'm very excited.
I'm going to hit Venice Beach, check out the boardwalk, see some girls.
I like blonde girls, so I think California will be perfect for me.
So I'm excited, boys.
Yeah, we're going to bank some fun content
and get some great interviews for you guys. So I'm excited, boys. Yeah, we're going to bank some fun content
and get some great interviews for you guys.
We had a couple of surprise guests.
But, R.A., what the hell's going on in the hockey world?
Well, first off, I mean, mama, we made it.
We got a Brazz's tweet.
I think that's the big news coming out of the Twitter world.
More importantly, yeah.
I think that does mean, like, we made it.
Yeah.
We can't rest on it.
Is it resting the laurels is that what we
don't want to do we don't want to rest on our laurels
if braz was a show
so i mean that's pretty big time
you guys may think i'm crazy but
there's a popular thing now where
all these like little little
men little boys are now like the face
of of the porn sites there's
it's a you know how it goes through phases you had the
bald guy with a huge cock. You had the
Peter North way back.
Now it's like the kid who looks like he's 15.
Yeah, and the mom seduces him.
He could turn Grinnell into the next big porn
star, and he could finally get laid.
I said this for a while,
that I would probably be down to do
porn if it didn't show my whole face,
but now that people know
I'm doing it, then I'd probably be down to do a porno.
Do you want to be the kid from the girl next door
where he has the fencing mask on at the end of the movie?
Exactly.
Exactly.
That'd be perfect for me.
Dude, I'd be next to you.
Hey, but on a serious note, you know we love our followers.
I'm going to see if we can get in touch with browsers
and maybe get them a Biz20 promo code
for maybe 20
dollars off their first few loads uh but on a serious note what is going on in the hockey world
that we have a ton of shit to talk about r.a yes absolutely uh the latest just 20 minutes ago chris
johnson front of the program he tweeted out uh the nhl and the nhlpa have abandoned the possibility
of holding a world Cup in September 2020.
So that's definitely off the table.
If I had to guess, I would say the owners are the ones who probably put the kibosh on it.
They don't want to risk the health of their players for basically nothing.
I mean, the NHL owners, I know we don't often take their side,
but they don't really benefit much from the World Cup,
other than potentially losing a player.
So I got to think they're probably the most responsible.
I'm just going to go off and say, yeah, because if the whole  I know that there is revenue sharing because it's associated to the league.
So the owners, in fact, do get a little bit of kickback from that, I believe.
Now, I've talked about this before on the podcast.
I know that regarding the lockout situation,
I think Bettman wanted the the PA to basically
agree where escrow would still exist where the the PA saying like hey you know you guys have won
every lockout since the beginning of time uh and now that things are going really well for the
National Hockey League team values have gone up. Everything's gone up as far as revenue.
It's time for the players to win something.
So the league tried to use that as leverage to try to
because a lot of the players want to go to the Olympics.
Now, as far as the World Cup of Hockey, to me,
it just doesn't have that same luster.
Yes, were there exciting moments when the North American team played Sweden,
they had that three-on-three battle back and forth.
Yeah, it was exciting.
But it doesn't carry that same weight as the Olympics.
I mean, you guys have to agree on that.
100.
Yeah, it's just not there.
So if you're risking the injury at the start of the season,
there's just no point in doing it because that's your excuse
is going to the Olympics where they don't benefit from it.
To me, the biggest thing is the league has to talk to the olympics and say hey is there a way we could
do a revenue split because there's mega bucks going into the olympics when the players go
let's figure out a number keep everyone happy because we know that the owners don't mind
getting an extra you know 15 20 million each if the olympics do exist i I think the Olympics. I think that this is...
This isn't a done deal.
This doesn't make anything a done deal,
but in my mind, I think they're going to the Olympics.
I think that if the Olympics wasn't happening,
that they would have had a World Cup,
which was successful.
You're right, though.
It's just not the Olympics.
It's Olympics JV.
I mean, what was it?
The under-25?
What was the under-23 team? What was the age, Grinelli, on that? The young stars, the, the under, what was the under 25? What was the under 23 team?
What was the age Grinnelli on that?
The young stars team.
It was under 23,
under 23,
a lot of fun.
Really cool.
The game against Sweden electric,
but they weren't a country.
I mean,
it's like,
you know,
they could have had guys play for Canada,
the U S Matthews McDavid.
So it just didn't have the same lust for the Olympic games.
I would know I was there. I went the best seat in the house from the bench. I saw it all go down the same lust for the Olympic Games. I would know. I was there. I had the
best seat in the house from the bench. I saw it
all go down. It's nothing like it.
And for them to cancel the World Cup, I understand
what you're saying, Biz. It makes sense why.
I just think that that means there's going to be
an Olympic Games in the future. I think
it's Ni Hao. It's Chinese
for hello or hello. Ni Hao.
Hello. We're coming
to China. Now you're a language guy.
We're doing the Olympics.
Come on.
We need this.
I want it so bad that I'm just kind of trying to bring it into existence.
That's a good point, Biz, because with the Olympics,
excuse me, with the Olympics,
the owners, they'll be able to wet their beak a little.
They'll have television money that can satisfy them with the World Cup.
They're just not getting really any money.
And the only thing is they're risking players. So I'm on board
with you, Wits. I think the Olympics in Beijing
2022 is probably what they're setting their sights
on. Obviously, we want the pros there.
Didn't have them last time. Also,
I just want to mention quickly.
I know I mentioned this before, but if you've never listened to the
podcast, the players who aren't in the
Olympics, they might want the
Olympic break more than the guys in the Olympics, too.
So this is the entire NHLPA coming at the owners and coming at, you know, telling Donald Fair, listen, we want the Olympics.
Because that 12 days, I think it's 10 full days you get where you don't have to be anywhere.
And, you know, Hawaii, everywhere.
Guys are jettisoning across the North America.
They're jettisoning across the globe when they have 10 days off and all that money.
So the whole thing is wanted by the PA, and let's hope it goes down.
Yeah, and, Ari, back to your comments.
I assume that with the World Cup of Hockey that, in fact, teams were paid out from that.
I don't think it was mega, mega bucks.
It's a bit of a money grab.
I mean, even when it was in Toronto, it wasn't selling out because people, like I said, it just didn't have that same luster.
So it's hard to ask all this money to go watch these star players
when they're kind of, and I don't want to say half-assing it,
but they're not playing like it's for their country,
not like it was in the Olympics.
Yeah, yeah.
But definitely with NBC, with that mega contract,
there's a little bit more money to kick around to grease the proper palms.
One thing I hope they do before then is sign Snoop Dogg as one of the announcers
because I think the ratings will go through the roof.
Did you hear him on the Kings broadcast the other night?
Yeah, we did.
I mean, we forgot to mention it in the last podcast,
and we were pretty disappointed in ourselves.
But that's what the game of hockey needs, just more fun.
I know it's a pretty traditional sport but uh what do you say maybe a little color from from snoop oh i think it
would be so funny i also would love to hear him if we could ever if we could ever somehow get in
touch with him and have him do a play-by-play of my fight against jackman when i had no head
like oh shit he's got no head like he would just would just be so  he would be perfect. So I enjoyed it.
It's funny.
Like, as that was going on, you could tell the main announcer
and color guy, like, loved it as well.
It's like, is this the future where you just get full-blown comedians
to do color of hockey?
I don't know.
Bill Burr doing the boss in games.
More funny stuff.
How about Fleury last night?
Or I guess two nights ago now when this comes out.
Just a veteran move.
Just a little snow. Just a little
snow fort.
I know.
Here I go, Biz and Sam. I know puck line betters.
Ding, ding, ding. You send a square for bingo.
Chicklets, bingo, free square, puck line.
But with Fleury, yeah, man, it was
fucking hilarious because it's an old veteran
move. He went over. He wasn't too subtle about it.
And then the ref went over and you can't tell if the ref was really mad at him and yelling at him.
But afterwards he had his glove over his face,
looking to the guy next to him, like laughing, man.
Like he, you know,
now he's probably going to go like kidnap their family for like pranking
him like that.
But it was a fantastic clip, man.
I, and of course,
Winnipeg ended up getting the empty net goal in it anyway.
So I thought you were going to start off by saying something else.
All right.
Like, Oh, chalking one up.
Oh no, I actually didn't have them that game.
I gave a little play-by-play for the Instagram folks,
but I didn't have it myself.
On a not-so-funny note, defenseman Jake Gardner up in Toronto,
the Bluebirds have been out for him big time.
I know every fan base has their whipping boy.
A lot of times it is a defenseman.
I know when Hal Gill played in Boston, man, the poor guy,
every time he touched the puck, someone was yelling at him.
But Jake, ever since Game 7 versus the Bruins last year,
he just had a real rough game at an inopportune time.
The fans got on him real bad since then.
They haven't let up.
Been a tough scene for him, Biz.
What's your take on it, man?
Oh, man.
I mean, Toronto, that's one thing that they're lacking,
and they seem pretty frustrated with them.
I don't watch enough Leaf games, but from talking to some people,
I think they're just a little frustrated at sometimes he just, like,
makes, like, extreme bonehead moves where, like, the colossal where you're like,
whoa, like, how does a guy with that much talent and skill mess up that bad?
Now, I mean, you've got to take the risk with the reward.
I remember towards the end when Yans was in Arizona or Phoenix at the time.
Like, I used to get tweets about him, and I'm like,
are these people  like, do they not watch the game?
He's going to create two, three scoring opportunities
for every blunder that he has.
Like, it's  yeah, he's a bit of a riverboat gambler, but trust me,
when he's gone, you're going to miss him.
And I'm going to say the same thing about Gardner,
and especially for a team that's lacking defense on the back end.
I think the luxury of having Oliver Ekman-Larsen here in Arizona
led to the trade for Jans, and we were able to get some assets
and try to build through that, I would say, a small rebuild phase.
But, yeah, be careful what you wish for.
And Jeff O'Neill was on with Jay and Dan, and he was saying the same thing.
He's like, these guys are ruthless.
They're going to boo him out of town?
Sure, that's fine.
You do you.
And if you want to boo him out of town, that's great.
But don't be bitching when he's gone gone and then all of a sudden you're like,
oh, we need a puck-moving offensive defenseman.
Well, you fucking had one.
Exactly.
You said it very well.
Last year, they've always kind of given Gardner grief and RA.
You made a great point.
Every team's got its whipping boy.
Ding, ding, ding. Hi, I'm
Whit. How are you? Welcome to
Pittsburgh, Edmonton, Anaheim for a minute,
Florida for seven games. And it's
hard because, well,
actually, no, I'll go into my thoughts
on what I went through in a second, but
about Gardner, it started
really bad last year at times
and then he was minus five in game seven
against the Bruins.
And that was real.
And the poor kid, by the way, all of his teammates have come out and they,
and they've said how much they love having him on the team.
He's a great guy.
He's a great teammate.
He's a good player.
And you know what I mean?
He was crying after that game seven, you could tell how much he cared,
how bad he felt.
He had a bad game, a couple of bad bounces.
All of a sudden you you're dash five.
And then that's when I think a lot of Leafs fans that weren't already there,
that weren't already going to be these idiots that boo.
You're allowed to boo.
You can boo.
You paid for the tickets.
You can boo all you want.
I think you're an idiot if you're rooting for a team and you're booing a guy.
But you have the right to, 100.
But when Jake Gardner started really getting it after the game seven,
it led into this year. And occasionally biz, you're right.
He makes these bonehead decisions where a lot of times it turns into an
incredible play that creates a big time scoring chance.
And the times it doesn't,
it might lead to a goal or a breakaway or two on one scoring chance the other
way. And that's just how he plays. But the fact that, you know,
he's catching this much heat after the game in Colorado, the other night,
Mark Marner turned the puck over at the fact that, you know, he's catching this much heat after the game in Colorado the other night, Marner turned the puck over at the blue line trying to dangle a guy and Soderbergh outmuscled.
It was a bad play by Gardner, but it was also involved with Mitch Marner at the blue line.
So it's like, I don't know, like if you're a fan that knows hockey, you got to understand each player has a role.
This guy's role isn't to be the shutdown, you know, rock him, sock him defenseman.
He creates opportunity, creates chance, rock him, sock him defenseman.
He creates opportunity, creates chance, and that's the NHL now.
So for people that get upset by him and want him to be gone and don't like his game, it's like, dude, biz, you said it.
All right, see what happens when he's gone because you might want
somebody else now, and when you realize what you had
and the guy who could move the puck like that, you're going to be,
ah, shit, we missed that guy.
And, Whit, so I was doing a little research for once.
Well, I was just scrolling down Twitter.
But apparently he's got the fourth most turnovers as far as Leaf defensemen
are concerned.
So I don't know how serious that stats page that guy was looking at was from
or whatever, but nonetheless, I don't watch enough to know if the the mistakes or the
positives outweigh the negatives so that would be up to me i will agree with you on that i don't
either but i see his numbers two goals 22 assists and 45 games this year so you're basically looking
at a point every other game uh i don't know i just like once again all i'm going to go and say
is uh be careful what you wish for because that is the one thing you are lacking.
A couple people asked me, how does that affect a player?
I'll say with me, some may call me a mental midget.
I wasn't exactly the most mentally strong guy out there.
It's hard because when you're at home and you've gotten booed,
it's like, dude, oh my God, first mistake.
They're coming at me again.
Yeah, subconsciously you're thinking it out.
Yeah, so it's really hard, and I hope that doesn't happen to him,
but it's like you get on home ice and one bad pass,
which is totally nothing in a game.
You know, it's a game of mistakes,
and then all of a sudden it starts building again,
and then the whole game you're like, oh, my God, dude,
I'm gripping my stick right now.
And can we all agree on it's a little bit different for a defenseman
than a forward? Like, I know Looch has been
getting a hard time in Edmonton, but as a
D-man, you're kind of last man
back there. So, and there's another guy
who's had a great start, though, to 2019,
and I hope it keeps going for the guy
because he's had some tough sledding since he's gotten
to Edmonton. It's funny, Biz, I did
have that in my notes when I said that about a whipping boy.
A lot of times it is a defenseman for whatever reason,
probably because they're the last guy to be on the team.
Usually a big, slow, soft D-man.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
As far as, you know, puck-moving defensemen, you know,
they're risk-takers.
They're going to fail on occasion, and, you know, they're going to get booed.
I mean, people, like, get on Torrey Krug in Boston.
I mean, he's a great player.
He provides a ton of offense, but people complain because
Wow, you're whipping boys rask, though, isn't he?
Not me.
Like the fan base.
Yeah.
That's the guy.
Krug gets it a lot too, though.
Krug does get it a lot too, unfortunately, which is crazy.
Dude, he's on pace for like close to 70 points.
I'm like, Bruins fans, how stupid are you?
That's a good call, all right.
I didn't realize he does get unnecessary heat. And Gardner's going to get the last laugh. I mean, he's a good call all right i didn't realize he is he does get
unnecessary heat and god is going to get the last laugh i mean he's a ufa after this year i don't
know if toronto is going to pony up to keep him but he's probably going to get wherever he goes
at least six million dollars a year probably at what his skill said uh whatever however many
mistakes he's made i don't think it's going to affect his his contract come this summertime
uh but boys we met we failed to mention earlier, we do have Brent Myers on.
He worked for the LA Kings the last couple of years.
He was their substance abuse counselor.
He was thrown out of the NHL a handful of times because he was a handful
when he was in the NHL, but he's very honest, very forthcoming about it.
It was a great interview.
And we also have a quick drop-in from Sheldon Suray,
who pops in to visit with his old buddy while we're interviewing him.
So we're going to go to Brant Myers now.
Guy was a terror on the ice handoff when he played,
but he's got some good shit, so we're going to go to that now.
This interview is brought to you by Eagle Energy,
the all-natural caffeine inhaler.
We talked about it's got the guarana.
It's got a ton of great natural things to get you amped up.
Now, a lot of people ask me, Hey, I'm not really feeling the
effects. And I say, well, how many, how many tokes have you taken out of it? They're like,
Oh, a few. No, take about 25 to 30, like good inhalations. You're going to feel awesome.
It's an unbelievable coffee replacement. You don't get the gut rot. You don't get the diarrhea
like Grinnell gets at the barstool offices that I've been hearing from everyone about that they're fed up with him. He's thinking up the office. So use this. It's great before the gym.
It's great before you maybe have to study for a test. I don't know. It may be great for an RV
ride. Like we're going to be taking an all-star game. What do you got, Grinnell? I think it's
great for long car rides. I always kept one in my car before I moved to New York City. Just if you're,
you know, you have to drive for long distances. It's one of those things that kind of, it keeps your eyes open and it just
kind of gives you something to do. And I think they taste amazing. I love the taste of them.
They taste unbelievable. And another thing too, just like a herbal active, go to their Instagram.
That's my ego energy on Instagram. So M Y E A G L E E N E R G Y hit me with the fucking E-A-G-L-E-N-E-R-G-Y.
Hit me with the fucking celebration.
Did I just spell that right?
You did.
Eagle Energy.
Oh, my God.
This might be the greatest day of my life.
Eagle Energy.
Eagle.Energy for their website.
We're going to hit you with a swipe up tomorrow or today, I should say.
And, of course, we're going to hit everyone with the swipe up tomorrow or today I should say and of course we're going to hit everyone with the
biz20 promo code for 20 off
you can visit them online at
eagle.energy I don't got to spell
it for you because I already did and I'd probably butcher it
so 20 off go check it out
the all natural caffeine inhaler
Eagle Energy
I want to
welcome a first time guest to the
podcast I actually I was in the same organization as him for a few years.
He had a very unique role.
This guy was born in Edmonton, Alberta, actually raised in Cold Lake, Alberta,
wherever that is.
Plenty of time to play hockey, though.
This guy was one tough customer.
I don't even want to get into his junior pimps
because we might scare a few people away,
but he was drafted in the fifth round,
97th overall to the Tampa Bay Lightning
in the 92 NHL entry draft.
So when dinosaurs roam the earth,
welcome to the podcast, Brent Myers.
Thanks, Biz. Appreciate it.
Not a bad intro.
How about that intro?
Well, yeah, I mean i mean again you know um every it's funny how like people talk about my pimps and stuff um but back then as a as a i guess i
would have been uh 17 you know i had a pretty good 16 year old year i think i led the led the
league of six as a 16
year old in majors which I wanted to do for for my age group right and then as a 17 year old my
dad said to me it was my drafter and I said dad you know fuck like what do I got to do to get
drafted he said well he said you did good last year son he said but this year he said you know
you got to lead the whole CHL in fights and And I said, really? Like the whole CHL, Dad?
And he's like, yeah.
And he said, son, he goes, if you lead the whole CHL in fights,
like around 45 majors this year, he said, you'll get drafted.
I promise you that.
So I go out.
And, yeah, I had, I think, around, it was close to 45, maybe 46 majors that year as a 17 year old.
And, and I got drafted.
So, you know, that's sort of the way it was back, back in the day, you know.
Did you go back to the well and ask him like, all right, dad, now what do I have to do to make the NHL?
And he's like, well, son, now you're going to have to get 65 fights
in the Western Hockey League.
No.
Oh, yeah.
No.
No, it was funny because I'll never forget another time
where I was in Tampa's organization.
I got sent down, and I remember getting a call, getting called up,
and we were going to, uh, play against the flyers.
And back then they had like Dan Kordick and, uh, Danny LaCroix.
They just had a fucking tough team.
And, uh, I phoned my dad and I go, dad, I got the call.
I'm going up, you know, I'm going up to Tampa.
We're playing it, you know, against Philly or whatever.
And I said, any advice?
And he said, yeah.
He said, keep throwing.
I'm like, what do you mean? Keep throwing. He's like, well, first shift you get out there.
He said, you're going to have to ask somebody to go. And my dad was like really calm about it.
Right. But he put me in a direction knowing that he said, every time that you hit the ice,
he said, you, you want to make somebody at least write your name down.
Like somebody has to take notice of you, whether it's a big hit, whether you tell somebody to fuck off and you, you know, you nudge a goalie or whatever it is, you got to make sure that they notice, they notice your name.
And I took that advice pretty much throughout my whole career.
That's so cool to hear.
I'm wondering, is your dad, did he play?
What was his kind of career in hockey?
Was he just a fan or was he a pretty good player himself?
No.
No, he played like senior men's back in the day, right?
He was the type of guy that in like I was going to try out for Bantam AAA
and I was during tryouts, i had a bad headache right so
i go off the ice and i'm fucking crying about a headache and my old man comes in and literally
rips my fucking helmet off my head throws it against the wall says you got one chance to
make this team and you're fucking complaining about a headache so he goes over grabs a helmet puts the old bower bucket
snaps it back on I go and I make the team
I mean that's just the way that my dad
was though
it reminds me too it's the old school
way of like I laid down one time
I was like 8 years old on the ice and my dad came up
and said is your leg broken are you ok
and I got up and he's like if you ever lay down again
I'll break it
like it just it was
yeah he put they you know what some some fathers knew knew how to push and my dad was was into
hockey and and he knew that i was six foot four and you know i weighed 200 and some pounds you
know when i was 16 17 and i had to play tough back then to make it you should have had ra rubbing
some herbal active on your neck.
You would have been right back out there.
Maybe it might have even scored a few goals.
Were you into the CBD?
No, man.
You know what?
I got to tell you, you guys, I took a melatonin last night,
and it was like five milligrams, and I almost freaked out.
I mean, since I got sober almost 11 years ago,
um, any type of pill form or anything that, that I ingested in my body, I'm very sensitive towards
it. Um, especially, um, the, uh, the CBD oil. Hey, listen, not to say that it doesn't have
its beneficial factors for, for guys. And I've read about Cote, and I've read about those guys that endorse it,
and that's awesome.
Listen, whatever it takes to make your life a little bit better on a daily basis,
especially if you're suffering, I'm all for it.
I'm under the impression for myself, I start with CBD,
and then the CBD for me leads to like some Jack and Coke,
and then it leads to a couple lines.
So I don't even go there.
Ben, yeah, I mean.
They completely away.
Oh, I thought it was R.A. talking.
No, that was R.A. last night when he was eating pierogies.
That leads to the sour cream and then to the bacon, and yeah, I get it.
Oh, yeah.
I was all over him last night.
Brent, is it
true you had a in your first camp you fought a backup goalie is that true yeah so that was my
introduction to uh the western hockey league um what happened was i was a 15 year old and i played
midget i had 100 and some points in midget and as biz knows and and other guys that were fighters you know we could play hockey before
junior and um uh anyways long story short i was 15 years old and i was going out there and i had
these white gloves on hey i had my shirt tucked in i was dangling and um every time i skated by
the bench their backup goalie would go myers you fucking fucking hot dog, you blah, blah, blah. And I, you know, I've never been in a fight before.
So anyways, all the coaches are in the stands taking, you know, they're scouting.
And the scrimmage ends.
And I look at him and I go, what's your fucking problem?
And he goes, you want to go?
And I go, sure.
So the next thing you know, he leaves his gloves and his helmet.
He leaves the bench, and we score off at center ice.
So I'm scoring off with a fucking goalie for my first fight.
And we start going at it.
Anyways, bang, bang, bang.
You know, got some blood going here at this point, right?
He goes down.
I find out I'm a left-hander at that point.
And as I'm skating off the ice, there's some people there.
And I think it's, you know, a guy's going to walk up to me and pat me on the back and say, good job, good fight.
And this guy fucking drills me right in the face.
He's in his street clothes.
So he drops me.
I go down.
He's on top of me swinging away.
My dad's in the stand.
So I guess this guy was the
backup goalie's brother and he was sour that i laid a licking on him so um i get up now i'm
bleeding you know they got to restrain this kid and i and i go into the dress i'm gonna go wow
if this is what the western hockey league's like i'm fucked and uh that's sort of how that went
yeah you know what happened his old man pulled him aside before camp and said hey you know you're Western Hockey League, like, I'm fucked. And that's sort of how that went.
Yeah, you know what happened?
His old man pulled him aside before camp and said,
hey, you know how you're going to make an impact?
You're going to lead the CHL in fights.
Yeah.
I know, hey?
It was insane.
When you get drafted, there was still pretty much a fighting era going on.
And, you know, Tampa drafted you.
Did they basically come out and say, you know,
you're going to be fighting for us?
Is that an era where the team still said that?
Or was it just implied because they drafted you and you had a million penalty minutes?
Oh, no, man.
Listen, there wasn't one coach,
one guy that had to tell me what I had to do.
I mean, I'm going into Tampa, my first training camp.
This is a pretty good story.
Roman Hamerlich got drafted first overall, right, that year, 92.
So it's my first scrimmage, right?
And Hammer's on the blue line.
The puck gets rimmed around, and he just fucking two-hands me
in the back of the ankle really hard.
And I turn back, and he's got the visor on, right?
And I'm thinking, this cocksucker.
He fucking does that again.
So anyways um they
shoot the puck around again and hammer two hands me again well i think to myself well i know who
this kid is right but he's getting it so anyways uh i start chasing him down the ice and he drops
his gloves believe it or not and a couple uppercuts and he goes down and phil esposito starts running down
the stairs as fast as he can and screams my name like this is as the scrimmage stopped for the
fight get over here myers blah blah blah and um what the fuck are you doing and sort of just
reams me out in front of everybody so anyways um, the game ends, and I'm feeling like shit
because I think, you know, obviously I did something wrong.
And just hold on.
This maid's at the door.
Come back, ma'am.
I'm on the phone.
Oh, yeah, sure.
I bet you it was just that maid.
She knows you're a man, Rocket.
She's like, I'm calling my guy up if you don't pay me.
Hey.
Yeah, right.
So, anyways, Phil gives it to me in front of everybody.
He goes, I want to talk to you after the scrimmage is over.
I said, okay.
I walk in his office.
I sit down.
He goes, listen, I got one question.
If that puck gets rimmed around next scrimmage and Roman does that to you,
what are you going to do?
I go, I'm going to fucking give it to him again.
He goes, that's exactly what I wanted to hear.
I stand up and I leave.
That's all.
That's great.
Espos, what was he like as a guy?
Was he just hilarious to deal with or was he more serious?
Who, Espos? Yeah. What was he like as a guy? Was he just hilarious to deal with or was he more serious? Who?
Espo?
Yeah.
Oh, he was, he was awesome.
I mean, to me, you know what it's like boys when you're 18 at an NHL training
camp and they take the time to sit and have a coffee with you or talk with you.
I mean, that guy was a legend back then.
And yeah, he wasn't  he was serious, right?
But at the end of the day, you know, we had an expansion team,
and he brought in a girl at the time to try and win a spot in that.
And, you know, it was an interesting  you know,
it was just an interesting time.
Yeah, Manon Rayom, right?
Manon, yeah. Yeah. interesting you know it was just an interesting time yeah man man on ray home right man oh yeah yeah and the best part is esposito's daughter married a russian after the summit series and
him hating russians his whole life and then his daughter ends up marrying a ruski
well it was funny because when we'd go on the road, his name was Alex, right?
I think so.
I have to look it up.
Salivano.
I mean, chances are that's a pretty good guess.
Yeah, we'd go on the road, right?
And the boys would be going out for dinner,
and we'd open up our door in the hotel,
and we'd see Alex hiding behind a pole waiting for us to leave so that he could go see uh see phil's daughter because she she was working a little bit right
we were like we were like this this probably isn't going to turn out very well but you know
what at the end of the day um there wasn't really any fuss over him him dating her um i think phil
was just listening you treat her good and everything's all right. Yeah, just don't hang around with you.
Stay away from mine. Yeah, yeah. Don't go near me.
Those years in Tampa were fun, but I don't
remember a ton of stuff. Okay, I guess we'll just skip over
those days then.
In all seriousness, I like you're i know you from your your role with la kings and and
i would say a big reason that you had that role was because of of you know some of the off-ice
stuff that went on and i know you're an open and fucking people love a comeback story um do you
want to get into that and maybe where things where things for you early in your career started spiraling out of control?
I mean, did this alcoholism and drug abuse start in junior hockey?
Yeah, so hopefully I can give you a quick shot here.
So 17 was when I got traded to Lethbridge.
That's when he could get into the bars.
And then I found out that jack and coke were like 75 cents
and um i fell in love with booze right away like and it was the one thing that especially my 17
year old year when i had to fight a lot um it was the one thing that that could alleviate my nerves
because they were really bad back then i had a lot of anxiety towards having to fight every night
and then that sort of, I led that.
I just led the, the,
basically the fucking gladiator lifestyle for a few years.
And then I got introduced to cocaine, um,
probably just a little bit before Philly. Um,
and then the flyers Bobby Clark basically pulled me in, uh,
and said, uh, you know, we heard the rumors,
but we believe in you, blah, blah, blah.
Well, I started hanging out with Eric because we were both the same age
and he was single and I was single.
And Big E was the type of guy that could really enjoy his pops, right?
But the difference was that, you know, he'd go out the next night
and score a couple of goals and be one of the best players
where I couldn't do that.
And then I found that the drugs were basically I couldn't stop so I once I started the next thing you know like I'm getting a ride you know from a couple girls that I just met that night at 8 30
in the morning to the rink and I haven't slept so Clarkie finally just pulled me in and said you know you're not listening one more time i'm
gonna release you so um there was i got the i came out of the bar this one night in in philly
a place called egypt's had a couple girls we're just gonna go back for for a little party and
these three off-duty bouncers came i had my suit and tie. And they, and we got in a big brawl right in the middle of the road. And I mean,
you know, got kicked in the face. Everything was, I mean,
there was blood everywhere. Cops come flying around the corner.
And long story short, Bobby released me the next day.
So I called the NHL for help. I went to LA into rehab and, um, you know,
I was a little bit pissed off because I didn't know anything about treatment. I didn't know
anything about AA or rehabs. I just said, how long am I going? And they said, I said,
am I going for like a month? Like they, they taught you. Yeah. Yeah. You're going for a month.
Well, I get there and it was 90 days. And so it was a little sour that I was in there that long, but whatever. But I didn't want to stay sober. So the first thing I did when I got out of rehab after 90 days, I bought a bag of cocaine and I drove home to Edmonton.
And it sort of just continued like that where now they're piss testing me.
So I'm having to run to the bathroom.
I'd piss in a two-liter bottle with good urine the night before so that when the urine tester came, I'd put it in a metal cup.
I'd go to the hot water tap and I'd run it under hot water
because it had to be a certain temperature and then the piss tester
would come and give my piss.
I would just continually try and beat the system. So I got suspended
the second time for cocaine,
which is a six-month suspension. I came back,
so I spent a year in rehab.
And then I got caught again for cocaine the third time.
And then I got caught again the fourth time,
which was a full-year ban, and I had to write Batman a letter.
And then, yeah, and then there was no fifth time.
After that fight with The Rock, I I was done and I was given up.
And that was basic.
I couldn't play hockey in North America anymore.
So I flew to London to go play for the Newcastle team.
And I was pretty much drunk for like 24 straight days as soon as I got off the plane.
And they just sent me home.
And then that was it.
It was over.
And then it got real dark for about a year and a half.
I think I had  I remember when I got back from England,
I had 300 to my name.
And I was living on a couch.
And  oh, go ahead.
No, I was going to say, what's the cocaine situation like in England?
I'm not saying I'm a weirdo, but it seems like if you were battling addiction,
was it tough to get over there if you were struggling with that?
You know what?
It's funny, Ari.
I never got into the blow over there for some reason.
I was just drinking heavy, you know? Um,
but when I got home, I lived with a cocaine dealer. So the, there was Coke every day.
So for basically about a year and a half, um, I was doing blow, um, you know, three,
four or five times a week. Um, I had no money. Um, I, I was selling,
I was selling used mini Coopers. And, uh, remember one time this lady came over,
she wanted to buy the car and she's like, Hey, what's under the hood of this thing?
And I'm like, Oh, I have no clue. And, uh, and, uh, I couldn't even find the latch to open up
this hood. And I'm like, listen, I'm not made for selling these things. So I quit.
So I quit.
And then the end of this is I blacked out one night from maybe 7 at night
until 2.30 in the morning.
I don't remember a thing other than I had policemen burying me in the snow.
And I destroyed my sister's house.
I had her by her throat.
I had a knife out.
And, you know, I don't remember any of it.
And that's when I knew that I was either going to kill myself or things were going to get nasty.
And then it was the first time in a long time that that obsession
to drink and use drugs was gone.
I just knew it felt like I was done.
And the league called and said, do you want to get help?
I said, yeah.
I said, I don't mind going.
I said, how long am I going for?
You fucking lied to me last time.
They're like, listen, we don't know how long you're going for. Or, but are you committed? And I said, yeah,
I'm committed. And I said, but I go, I'm having a daughter being born in five days. I said,
I'm not going to get to see her. They said, Brent, if you don't get on a plane tomorrow,
they said, you're not, she's not going to have a daddy. And that's what really got me.
So I jumped on a plane and I went to Oregon and I stayed there for eight months.
I didn't see my baby girl until she was eight months old.
And my first night in treatment, I wrote down, if I stay sober,
I said one day I'm going to be able to help somebody else like myself in the league.
And I wrote out a program.
I started writing it out.
And I got out of treatment and I FedExed four proposals to the NHL
and to the NHLPA every year on my sobriety birthday.
So February 18th, I would FedEx eight packages out.
And I did that for six years and I got nothing.
No traction.
And I did that for six years, and I got nothing.
No traction.
And then, obviously, the thing with L.A. happened with Dean and the players there, and I got a call.
And within a day, the contract was done.
That's an incredible story.
I mean, I didn't know any of that.
I'm wondering, like, you know, you always hear that people say,
you know, no one can get help until they want
to get help so it seems like that's when you finally realize but when you were playing and
and you had the addictions and you just couldn't stop you did you not even want to did you wish
you could stop or was it just like i love partying this much i'm all set living life like this right
now oh no i was dying inside man i mean when you look at that, it was like, but who am I going to talk to?
You know, like, when you're making, you know, 650,000, which, you know, back then was pretty decent money, and I got grade nine education, there's nothing else I can do. Yeah. Yeah. Like I can't, I'm not going to, even though the coaches and God bless their hearts,
they talk about,
you can come to me.
My door's open.
Bullshit.
Like the,
the last thing you're going to do is,
is have a red flag by your name.
So that's why I tried to create a program where listen,
Dean,
here's the deal.
You're not going to like what I've,
you're not going to like the way this
program rolls out. What do you mean? Well, I can't tell you anything. What? Yeah, no. It's all about
the privacy of the players here. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to stage this program in three
stages. The first two stages, I can't tell you nothing. Nothing. You hired me to do a job.
Let me do it.
In the third stage, if they don't comply with anything I've laid out
in stage one and two, then I'll bring you in.
Until then, you're not  he goes, well, what's a successful year?
If you don't hear from me, that's a successful year, Dean.
You know?
Did you find it hard for, well,
I guess the players find it hard to come actually talk to you?
Because, I mean, you might be telling them.
You still don't believe.
Yeah, like you're like, okay, who knows this guy?
Obviously, listening to you now and knowing the person that you are,
if I would have had an issue when I was playing in Ontario,
I would have came to you.
And it might have even been a point where if I knew somebody was in trouble there,
because we had a pretty good squad.
There weren't many issues going down in the American League that year.
And I probably would have reached out to you and been like, hey,
and told the kid, if you don't fucking smarten up,
I'm going to tell Brent and we're going to have to figure something out.
Because that's just kind of the power I had over these guys.
These guys have changed a lot,. Like they're, they're,
they're a lot of them are mute. So they don't communicate and they're,
they're, they hold everything in.
Sure. Sure. Well, yeah. I mean,
for me it was hard boys because I was the type of guy and you know,
most tough guys are, you know, they're liked in the room. So, you know,
when I first get there, uh, type of guy and you know most tough guys are you know they're liked in the room so you know when i
first get there uh guys are walking by and calling me brant and nobody ever in hockey called me
brant it was just my my whole life right so it felt a little weird that um i but boys i had to
you know i you know biz where that dinner table is in the lounge room there. Yeah. Right.
That's where I used to chat. I had, I had to go, I had to go sit down with these guys
and sit down right in the middle, you know, and I, and I felt a little uncomfortable because,
um, that's sort of their space. Right. But I had to try and integrate myself
daily. And I feel it, it literally it literally probably took me six months to like,
actually, you know, they'd start calling me Mizey after six months.
And so it was, yeah, it was a trust thing, right?
And then the next year was way easier to talk to these guys
than the first year and then the third year.
So, yeah, no, it definitely takes time for sure.
Brent, there was an article in ESPN a couple of years ago.
They said that, you know, basically cocaine use among NHLers was on the rise.
And Bill Daly come out and said, oh, it's psychical.
But do you buy that?
Do you buy that it was a psychical thing or did it just kind of go underground for years
and then kind of just came back out again? I don't know if I buy that drug use was psychical. What's your take on
that? Yeah, you know, listen, I know for sure that you can't pinpoint one drug, right? There's
going to be a guy or two on the team that likes to do a couple lines once in a while
you know there's going to be a guy or two that likes to pop a couple pills there's going to be
more than a one or two guys that that likes to smoke their weed and that's just the way that it
is you know and brett don't sorry to interrupt you but don't you think it's the same in it's the
same in an office in a you know for random company, a small office with 30 people.
There's always going to be a couple people that like doing their own thing,
but for them to come out and say, you know, this is an issue in the NHL,
I don't necessarily think it's fair.
Well, no.
Well, I'll tell you firsthand, I didn't find it an issue
when I was working with L.A. for three years.
I think there's, in my opinion, there's other substances that are issues versus
cocaine. I'll say this. I don't think drug use is as close to maybe what it was back then as far
as any of the partying. You wouldn't be able to survive now if you partied the way that we used
to do it. It's just like there's no way.
You would deteriorate way too fast.
Am I saying it's not going on at all?
Fuck, I have no idea.
I'm not going to comment on that, but I think it's definitely a lot less.
Even the drinking's gone down.
Yeah.
Biz, you're right.
You're right.
I think that the way that these guys sort of like that, for instance, back in, you know, in Tampa when I first broke in or, you know, wasn't whatever, 15, 16, 17 years ago, the way that guys bonded was like, hey, you know, we're going to go.
have a couple beers and then get a steak you know we're gonna go here we're gonna go you know have a couple cocktails like that sort of really doesn't happen unless it's like it's a planned
night out for the team um where before we just wanted to bring 10 guys or 12 or 13 guys and
and go get together um but like i said you know this, this program that, that, that I built, I, I told, um,
cause there was a couple of guys that were unsure of it.
And the guys that were unsure of it were all stars in the NHL and were hall of famers and
never had a problem.
And I said, this isn't built for guys like you.
I said, this it's not for, and it's not for the other 20 guys on the team. I said,
it's only for one or two guys that are going to need it.
And what is that worth to you? You know,
if one or two guys needs help or one or two guys in the minors need help or one
of your prospects, what is that worth to you guys you know i mean you gotta ask yourself that
well some people might be wondering what situation you were talking about though i just wanted to say
that was the voinov situation correct when they finally were like hey we need to bring somebody
in and well oh it was the richards one oh the richards okay sorry so the point off thing had to do with it oh yeah because we had to
implement a you know a domestic violence uh program as well um and i and i think that you
know with with with dean um is that he had you know you're talking three players within 10 months that got arrested.
I mean, that's a short time span.
Right?
Well, no, go ahead and try and find one team that had three guys arrested
in a 10-month span.
I don't think you can do it.
And it's such a shame, too, because there's a lot of good people
in that organization, and it feels like it puts a black cloud on the organization.
Like Dean, obviously, for bringing you in and knowing that you could help out
and just all the other steps they took.
They brought in the domestic violence crew, and then sure as shit,
right after they brought in the domestic violence crew, I was in the room.
We sat in a room for about an hour and a half, and there was a man and a woman.
They went through everything, and it's like, you know what?
That was cool of them to do that and take a step forward.
Fucking two weeks later, our backup goalie in the AHL who went down for conditioning
to the East Coast Hockey League beats up his girlfriend.
And I'm like, for Christ's sake, if people only knew the measures that they were taking in order to
prevent this and then all of a sudden everyone's bashing the Kings online and it was it was I
almost wanted to chime in but that time Dean was telling me to stay off social media but
I mean fuck it just bad luck man like I felt bad for Dean all the heat he was taking
well but you also got to realize too busy it was only in place for two
weeks right so you can't expect to bring in a program and it expected to work after two weeks
yeah right and you know you'd be kidding yourself um so um but where where dean was cool about the
whole thing is he got the the idea of this position through the NFL.
He said, listen, jump in a car.
We're going to go down to San Diego and we're going to go hang out with the GM from the Chargers.
And they got a guy in your position there.
Most teams in the NFL do.
And they've had it for 10 years.
And it's called a player engagement role.
So we went down to San Diego, spent the day with the team.
And I spent the day with that guy.
And they've got a guy like that.
They've had it for 10 years now.
I was fortunate enough to get a little early viewing
of the Bob Probert documentary, Tough Guy, Not a Big Deal.
And it's incredible.
Everyone's going to love it when they actually see it.
But he talks about it, or people actually,
they don't really go but he talks about it or people actually, he doesn't, they don't,
they don't really go into him talking about it, but, um,
he was using like cocaine before the games for fights. I mean, he had,
he had to, and I'm wondering, were you using it then too?
Or was it just a party?
No, no, I wouldn't, I wouldn't do that before the, before the game.
Um, you know, I, I, I just never really, you know, I wouldn't do that before the game.
You know, I just never really  what you do is you'd be partying all night,
but the good part about pre-game  after pre-game skate is you could shut her down for four or five hours, right?
This is a great nap.
You're sprinting home from pre-game skate.
Hey, put one in your belly button, too, to deal with the anxiety,
and you're fucking out.
I got light.
I got light.
Hey, so we have a little surprise for you.
We're actually going to bring on Sheldon Suri in a few minutes.
He's going to call in because he's your close buddy,
and you guys are cut from the same cloth,
and I know that once he gets on, the stories will be flying.
But R.A. wants to ask one quick one before he jumps on.
Grant, when you said you used to show up at practice still on a toot
from the night before partying with a couple of hoodies or whatever,
did any coaches ever know that you were still up,
or was it just teammates, and did teammates have to cover for you?
You know what?
Back then you had roommates, which they don't have today.
And I had a really good roommate, Stefan Matteau.
Matteau.
And Matty would.
And Matty would.
But then I had a guy, Peter Spavoda in Philly,
who liked to have fun just like I did.
Not the drug side, but he liked to have fun.
So we had to really sort of keep each other in wraps for that.
But, yeah, no, the coaches never really gave me much hassle for that.
I mean, because, you know, a lot of front offices, you know,
a lot of older guys from a different generation, do you find there's still a lot of ignorance
about addiction and recovery in some NHL front offices?
Maybe like just still an old school way of thinking about it?
Um, yeah, but I also, it's sort of hard, I guess, because, you know, once you admit,
like, you know, they did it, they hired Brian and Brian McGratton in
Calgary to do the same role that I was doing in Los Angeles. And, you know, you just, you got to
have a guy that has sort of the same vision and wants to get ahead of it and wants to be proactive.
You know, it's like, okay, what's the insurance policy on a 78 million dollar payroll
here you know like how much support can we have for these guys what's going to cost me this much
for this guy's salary on 78 mil and then plus your prospects yeah sounds good to me you know
the problem is finding the problem is finding guys though right like there's there's not a ton
of guys that got out of hockey and went back to school and then obviously stayed sober
for a number of years, like me and Brian have.
Tutu would be a great guy as well to jump in.
I mean, not saying that they want to do that role.
Oh, speaking of jumping on, too, by the way,
Sheldon Suray just hopped on, so we can keep this conversation going,
but just wanted to intro him.
Hammer.
Mizey.
Sorry, bud.
I'm your buddy.
You're right there, Hammer.
Mizey.
You got a couple stories
talking to the boys?
Yeah, you know, I was just trying to wait
until you got on.
You guys must have tore it up together, huh?
It must have been a fun night with you guys.
Where were you guys together?
Well, we never really played together,
but when we were growing up back in Edmonton in the summers and stuff,
I mean, it got nasty, right?
Like every night in Edmonton was ladies ladies night, you know, Monday to Sunday.
Oh, so that's why you hung out with Sheldon.
That's like my camera.
They're both hot.
It was ladies night for mine.
I was just there for the music.
And then I show up to camp, camp right and i'll never forget i i had no qualms
about basically going out six night a week week in the summer and then going into training camp
and i remember going in and my body fat was 20 my vo2 was like 42 or something ridiculous
and phil calls me and he goes listen he goes what the fuck were you doing
all summer I'm like what do you mean I said I was playing shinny I said I went on a couple runs
he's like Brent he goes you got 20 body fat he goes Manorio the girl goalie has a way better
vo2 than you do and I'm like well I, I'll pick up the running next summer.
I said, don't worry about it.
I said, listen, I said, all you need is like 30 seconds of me a night.
So if I go out there and I give you a good 30 seconds, I said, don't worry about my VO2.
Sheldon, you want to chime in on that?
I mean, well, I mean, I don't, I don't know what his fitness testing was like.
I just know what it was like playing against him.
And, I mean, he could have...
I don't even think he worked.
He didn't wear shoulder pads or elbow pads out there.
Fuck was something new to him.
It didn't really matter what his deal was.
He was going out, you know, chewing his bubble gum
and had the leather straps on looking for some action.
And there wasn't too much to be found.
Hey, was he putting the mean face on too?
Because I found a few old tough guys would like,
they would never get out of character.
It was like you couldn't make them laugh.
They weren't there to joke around.
They were there to like basically like strike fear in you.
Well, he's the truth is that in juniors when I played against Mize,
we had a tough team.
So he got traded over to Spokane from Lethbridge,
and we had a tough team.
I was playing in two high cities, and that was our team
that we were the biggest rivals with.
And he got traded there.
And I remember before the game, we had a couple of big tough guys.
I mean, they were just big meatheads.
And I remember before the game, they were saying,
hey, no one run around tonight.
We don't want to wake this guy up.
We don't want to do anything stupid.
I'm not protecting you guys if you do something stupid.
And at that point, I knew we were dealing
with someone who was like really
tough and scary. So I don't
think my, I mean, correct me if I'm
wrong, Liza, but you weren't going out there being,
you know, he didn't, he was
so tough he didn't have to be. That's
the difference, you know?
Not that,
not that year, but
finish the story, Hammer.
Oh, well, I mean, I heard that, and I was 17 years old,
and I was rated pretty high in the draft.
And we're buddies.
And we're buddies.
And we're buddies.
We grew up together out in Bonneville.
So we'd had a friendship and stuff like that,
and I don't know how many fights he had
that might not very many i mean no one would fight him so when i heard that uh the coach came in he
put me on the starting lineup so i said i said don't worry guys i'll fight him and before my
guys could even tell me no i was already walking out the thing because i didn't want them to change
my mind because it would have been pretty easy to change my mind. So we went out there and I asked him,
he was in the car,
just,
you know,
just the,
as luck would have it,
the puck gets dumped in my corner and he's in there and he wasn't really
battling and I wasn't going to go into battle for it.
And I cross-checked him a couple of times.
I said,
my,
we got to go.
And he kind of laughed a couple of times.
Like he,
he,
no,
no, I'm not fighting you. And did we we went at it he dropped the gloves and we went at it and um before he could really bury me i fell on a stick
and broke my leg and uh no you know being the being the kind of guy that mys is i mean he knew
that i hurt myself right away hey man you, you know, called for the trainers and tried to help me.
I couldn't get up because my leg was, you know, pointing east when it should have been pointing south.
And that's just the kind of guy Mize was.
So he wasn't necessarily that, at least with me, maybe it was different with me, but he wasn't like a mean.
I mean, there's some guys who you come across who are like mean and you know but mine wasn't like that he was always had uh you know respect for other players
and for the game and um i don't know maybe he didn't like it as much as other guys or whatever
maybe he was just too tough you know maybe he was just too surprised i don't know whatever it was
i think that stick every day because it could have been my nose that was broken or my cheekbone.
So the leg was like the easy to know.
That's the real moneymaker, the face.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Not that slap shot.
Hey, not the face at development.
So how would you guys score that fight?
I mean, was it a win for Mize?
Is that, I mean, how it ended up?
Well, when you can't
skate off the ice yeah that's a w yeah i mean that's you know i mean yeah are you guys still
hanging out these days what do you guys been up to these days i saw you guys post a few pictures
over the christmas break together yeah man we're we became very close, especially, you know, I mean,
I had some issues when my career ended,
and Mize was always a guy that I've looked up to and, you know,
had always reached out in any capacity he could, just as a friend.
You know, he wasn't looking to try to save me or anything like that.
He was just, we'd always had a friendship.
We'd always kind of kept in touch.
We've got mutual friends and stuff like that.
But once I decided to make a change in my life,
Mize was the first guy who was there to reach out his hand and say,
how can I help you?
And actually, he introduced me to the group of guys that I run around with now
in L.A. and other places, but mostly in L.A. introduced me to the group of guys that I run around with now and in LA and
other places, but mostly in LA,
there's a good group of men that Mizey introduced me to that, you know,
that's, that support me. And, you know,
I look at Brant as, as a friend, but also as, as such a good role model.
I mean, you know, he's a guy who changed his life around to that.
His issues are so well documented, but I don't think, you know he's a guy who changed his life around his issues are so well documented but
I don't think you know
anything out there can scratch the surface of
forget what he's done
you know in hockey and his career
and
those opportunities that slip by
but where he's at now
and what he's done in his last you know
10 years and creating a job
you know for himself
with the NHL for helping guys and wanting to help and being a great support,
he's always been someone I looked up to.
So we reconnected over the last probably year and a half
and spent a lot of time together, spent Christmas together
and played some hockey with the kids out in Fish and Lake.
We've got kids around the same age.
My son and I do our youngest, my We've got kids around the same age. My's and I do our youngest, my youngest,
and his daughter around the same age.
So it's fun to reconnect on a different level
and have someone that I respect as a friend
and I really look up to as a friend.
But, I mean, he's just a really good guy,
and I'm happy he's in my life.
Holy cow, what a stroke-off session there, eh, Brad?
Don't get the herbal act about going to stroke the cock-off. my life holy cow what a stroke off session there hey Brent this is a holiday church for everyone out there right
in the new year everyone's new year resolution uh Brent when typically when guys come on they
might have a story in their head of like oh oh, yeah, I got to tell that one. Did you have anything maybe cocked and loaded, a real good one?
Maybe it was from junior or maybe some time in pro?
Oh, I mean, yeah, there's a lot.
I mean
This is a two-time.
Oh, you want to get a crazy one going?
No, there was  I'll keep it semi-crazy.
It wasn't too, too bad, but it was
I grew up in Edmonton, and I always dreamt about playing in Northlands
or Rexall right against the Edmonton Oilers as a kid.
Anyway, so I get drafted.
I go to Tampa, and we're flying into Edmonton orders as a kid. Anyway, so I get drafted. I go to Tampa and we're flying into Edmonton.
And it's March 18th.
It's my birthday.
So I'm all excited.
I got all my friends and family waiting at the hotel and we fly in with the team.
And as we walk out into the airport, Crispy, Terry Crisp, our coach, is walking next to me.
And I see these two cops just sort of standing
there and they said are you brent myers and i said yeah and they're like uh you're under arrest
and i looked at crispy i go is it i go who's fucking is this a joke it's like uh i have i
have no fucking clue what's going on right now so these cops handcuffed me and they take me and they, they, as I'm getting in the
cop car, my whole team's getting them on the bus, say to go downtown to the hotel. And, uh, so all
my family's waiting for me. So everybody gets off except me and my dad's like, where's branch?
And they're like, Oh, some cop car just grabbed them at the airport and arrested him.
So anyways, long story short, what happened was that summer,
I came out of a bar at about three in the morning,
and I had this old Mustang.
And I started doing donuts in the middle of the road.
And these off-duty cops came running up and banged on the back of my car
to pull over.
And I mean, if I pulled over at that point, I'm going downtown for a DUI, right?
So I dropped it in first and I ran this red light and I took off.
Wake up in the morning and the cops ran my license plate and he has a flashlight on my face.
And he couldn't bust me right because he
didn't know that i was driving because i had my windows so tinted so they gave me a stunting
ticket for 200 that i didn't pay so there was a warrant out for my arrest and that's why they
handcuffed me so it was really only over 200 bucks oh fuck that uh that worked out a lot better than
i thought it was going to.
And Sheldon, I mean, if that's the type of stories you're bringing,
that's a lot different than what these young guys are.
Sheldon, you got one of Brant or even one of your own?
Oh, my God.
I mean, I guess you're going to have to wait for the book to come out
for the juicy ones, but i'll give you just an
idea we were so we were both uh we're both pretty young we might have been 18 or 19 i bought a jeep
with my signing bonus and brand bought a convertible mustang with his so we were at a bar in amiton
called berry teas and uh and you know we were we were having a pretty good time. And one of Brandt's good buddies was the bartender at Berry Key.
So needless to say, we were pretty full and we walked out of there.
There was probably, you know, 10 of us, a couple of girls and, and, uh,
and me and my eyes or whatever.
So I was going to hop in the car with my eyes cause I was, you know,
I wasn't going to drive. And, uh, and he says, just hop in the car.
I said, man, you know, your car's full. You probably had about the car i said man you know your car is full you
probably got about seven people look like you know an indian wagon and i said oh man i guess
i guess i'll drive right so i get in my truck and i try driving he's parked on the other side of the
the curb for me um in the parking lot so i thought it was just like a a steel or a concrete block in
front of me that
I could just drive over and drive straight ahead. Right.
So I got this big souped up Jeep and I tried to drive over it and I,
I hit this block. So I back up and I take a running start at it,
but it was like one of those cement power poles.
I went flying up it like, you know,
fast and furious and got lodged on top of this thing
where my teeth are kind of teeter-tottering.
All the lights go down off on the main street of Edmonton.
And I get out.
I'm trying to put it in reverse.
The wheels are spinning.
And Mike is sitting in his convertible with a couple of rods.
And I get out.
He looks at me and he goes, see, I told you you should have got in with me.
Let's go.
And off we went.
I don't know how I got to keep up there.
I love these two guys.
They're like, yeah, you know, we left.
It was us two and 10 people.
It's like, no, it was you two and probably eight broads.
You two stallions.
Thank you very much.
We appreciate it so much, guys.
Brant Myers, thank you very much.
We'd love to have you on again.
That's Shell.
It's your second time.
We'd love to have you on again, so thanks.
We're going to have to do a live show with you guys.
Yeah, in Edmonton.
We'll just hand over the mics.
Edmonton.
Hey, boy.
It better be enclosed.
It better be in like a glass box if it's in Edmonton for me.
I need to do it inside the boatmobile.
I got to walk around there
and I have all bulletproof clothes
when I go to Edmonton.
No problem, boys.
It was our pleasure.
Thanks, boys.
That interview was brought to you by Herbal Active,
the 100 hemp-based CBD product
I've been talking about since the beginning of time.
It is awesome.
They have the balm for sore muscles, joints.
You can get R.A. to give your mother-in-law a massage with it.
He's been doing that for his.
And I believe, R.A., she's been feeling incredible ever since, correct?
Unreal, man.
She just went away to Florida for a few months and took some water.
Probably be ordering up a little more for her soon.
And shout out to Florida during the Herbal Active ad read.
We're going to give you a Biz20 promo code for 20 off.
That is U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.com.
You can use that same Herbal Active for their Instagram and Twitter,
which they've hired people to answer all the questions you need answered. I use the drops in my drink. I use the level three drops. It helps me sleep
better, helps me with my anxiety, helps me with my anxiousness. It obviously helps with
internal swelling. Inflammation is a leading cause of disease, folks. I don't know if you
knew that. Quick fun fact. You're welcome. Keep the change. And more things I'm going to give you is once again, 20 off biz 20 promo code. That's U R B A
L A C T I V herbal active. They have dog treats. They have mints. They have everything you need
involving a hundred percent hemp based CBD product. Go check it out.
Go ask some questions, and you're welcome for the 20 off.
Keep the change.
Once again, thank you to Brant Myers and, of course, Selden Surrey.
Boys, I would probably say one of the more intense interviews we've done.
Obviously, it got pretty intense towards the middle there.
Happy to see Brant turn around, and thank you for sharing his story
and for anyone out there suffering from substance abuse.
I'm sure maybe some of those stories sound a little familiar,
and hopefully you can get the help that Brant got and turn things around.
So, boys, moving on.
R.A., what do you want to get into here?
Yeah, Biz, some more news we got to get to.
Former teammate of the Whit Dog, Brooks Orpik,
played in his 1,000th NHL game the other night.
Seems like we have one of these every other week.
Whit, did you get summoned?
I know a lot of times they track down old teammates to do a video message.
Anything like that happen with you?
Well, actually, yeah, it did.
I was telling R.A. this earlier for listeners.
That's why he knew.
I had never heard of this before.
Hey, great.
Throw him under the bus, why don't you?
Maybe.
He teased you up, and you're like, oh, yeah, we talked about it earlier.
Well, no.
The only reason is I don't think  because he's saying it's normal.
I don't think it is.
I was saying this.
I don't think this is  I don't know if this is normal.
Biz, have you ever done that?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, really?
Oh, I've sent videos over for guys. I mean, I don't know if the team asked me, but I've ever done that? Oh, yeah. Oh, really? Oh, I've sent videos over for guys.
I mean, I don't know if the team asked me,
but I've sent them over to, like, wives and girlfriends who organized it.
Okay, so I've never heard of the team asking.
I was never on a team when a guy got his 1,000th game.
We watched, like, a video of old teammates.
You were never once on a team with a guy who played 1,000 games?
No, with a guy who played 1, thousand games that watched a video of old teammates
like sending them messages.
That's what I was saying.
I think it was new.
Either way, it's all besides the point.
Yes.
So, or congratulations, thousand games.
I mean, you can't say enough good things about him.
He's just the ultimate warrior,
the way that guy plays.
He's done this.
He's done it a hard way for a long time.
So congrats to him.
But a guy with the capital has gotten in touch with me and said, Hey, can you send over a little video
message? Uh, we're going to put them all together from some orcs or former teammates and people,
important people in his life. And just the team's going to watch it. Uh, so I was like, yeah,
no problem. So I was driving down to, to, uh, hit, hit balls at old sandwich. And I was like,
oh, so I just, I'll just send it when I get in there. So we'll just play the audio of what I sent them.
No, actually, it was my second try.
The first try, I fucked up my words at the beginning,
so I was like, I got to do it again.
This was second take.
Congratulations, buddy.
Thousand games.
What a run.
You're a complete legend.
Stanley Cup champ, warrior, one of the best teammates I've ever had.
I'm sure when you thank the people for getting you where you've got,
you'll remember Andre Savard, Michel Therrien, who helped you get the people there I've ever had. I'm sure when you thank the people for getting you where you've got, you'll remember Andres Alvaro,
Michel Therrien, who helped you get
the people there you want to be.
Seriously, though, dude, I'm so
happy for you. You've done it all
and you've done it with class, honor
and being a complete beast.
So maybe celebrate by
having a dessert for once in your life, not
like a fruit dessert, an actual chocolate
dessert, the stuff I used to eat,
things to give me shit for, but keep enjoying it, man.
What a run, and it's a pleasure to see.
I'm actually at our stomping ground old sandwich golf club where we both joined
because we both made a bunch of money.
I think I'm better than you at golf, so I might as well continue to try to get,
you know, stay better than you.
Also, Biz wanted me to tell you, maybe swipe up Biz20 promo code
EagleEnergy, herbal active.
I love you, buddy. Keep going.
Oh, that's awesome.
Oh, God.
Of course, you had to chirp me and then
mention your money. You're a fucking asshole.
Oh, yeah.
Congrats to Orp.
It's no surprise. The guy's a machine.
Like I said, takes care of himself.
So good for him.
Hey, so when I was in Phoenix, we had six fucking guys hit 1,000 games, man.
You know how much money I had to fucking spend on these gifts that these guys get?
I think every time it was at least 1,200 bucks.
I was buying guys watches every year.
I love that this always comes up.
I love it.
You know me.
I'm the cheapest guy in the world.
You could end up making 50 million in your life. You're going to be bringing up that one year you had to pay all those 1,000 game presents. I love it. You know me. I'm the cheapest guy in the world. You could end up making 50 million in your life. You're going to be bringing up that
one year you had to pay all those thousand game
presents. Oh, fuck.
I mean, I knew I wasn't going to hit a thousand.
I'm like, come on here. At least give me a
discount. There's 20 promo codes to wipe up.
What else we got on the
hockey front, R.A.? We did have an
official retirement. Josh
Georges, he announced his retirement
officially Monday after 13 seasons. Now, he's a defenseman. He played four years with Kelowna on the WHL. official retirement uh josh georgia georges he announced his retirement officially monday after
13 seasons now he's a defenseman he played four years with colonna on the whl he was never drafted
he signed with san jose as a free agent ended up with a 784 game career that's not too shabby for
a guy who never got drafted he played a lot of his career with montreal of course with buffalo so
you know congrats to him capping off a nice career i mean a lot of undrafted guys man those are always
good stories to me you know no one no one thought you capping off a nice career. I mean, a lot of undrafted guys, man, those are always good stories to me.
You know, no one thought you were worthy of picking them,
and then you end up, you know, calving out a 784-game career.
Did either of you guys know him or ever play with him?
Awesome guy.
I'd never play with him, but just a great guy.
Western Canadian boy.
I think he lives in Cologne in the summer.
He's definitely a guy I'd like to get on the podcast.
Just, you know, just a salt-of-the-earth guy um and that's pretty much all i gotta say so congrats to him but like
you said all right turning uh you know undrafted into a career that long bravo yeah he was a prick
to play against too like he was he'd block shots he was just like always in your face so i mean
the odds of making the nhl then the odds of the odds of getting drafted, then making the NHL,
then playing like, say, 700 games and then doing it all undrafted,
I can't imagine that happening very often at all.
So that's incredible for him.
He should be very proud.
And nice enough for him to not hit 1,000 games
to make his team inspire him to present.
So right back to salt of the earth kind of guy.
Oh, man.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly. Great guy.
If you play a thousand games, you want to cost guys
money. I was collecting like
a buck 25 people owed me from poker
like two years later. I would have done anything
to spend money on my thousandth game.
You know who's not a piece of shit?
Mike O'Donnell. That's who's not a piece of shit? Mike O'Donnell.
That's who's not a piece of shit.
And I think Babcock got it right.
Babcock was looking up to the locker room.
I'm going to save the boys a little money here.
Don't call me.
I know you're probably listening to this.
Your story's fake news, buddy.
Babcock was doing the boys a solid.
Oh, shit.
Little follow-up on a story we talked about last show.
Bobrovsky.
Turns out the story, what happened was the team gave him a de facto suspension.
They didn't withhold money, but they left him on the bench.
He never came back to the bench after he shot.
He just went to the shower when he got pulled by Tortorella.
You know, most guys might go in the locker room for a second, come back and sit in the seat.
He didn't. He went in the locker room, took his gear off, took a shower.
So if the backup, Brossois, if he got hurt,
then I don't know what the fuck they would have done.
They would have been looking for Bobrovsky.
So that's why he was suspended.
Also, P.L. LeBrun did report he's willing to waive his no-trade clause.
The agent did tell him, hey, if you guys want to feel free to shop around,
you can do that.
He also said Yamo Kikolinen wants to ride with him for the season.
He's willing to keep him for the season just to get a playoff run out of him.
So that's a situation we've been monitoring for a while,
and we will continue to do so.
So, yeah, nothing booze-related.
He just was a shitty teammate, so they told him fucking pocket for the night.
Yeah, I also want to say, I mean, I hope I prefaced it with I hadn't heard
it was for booze.
I just heard he likes to booze.
So that was what I said before for people trying to say that I'm wrong,
I'm an idiot.
I know I'm an idiot, but I wasn't wrong about that.
Holy shit.
You prefaced it.
That's a rock pedal if I ever saw one.
Not really, dude.
I said
Booze Broski.
Yeah.
I was on the wit story.
That's a great nickname.
I know.
It's unreal. but i mean i'll
raise the journal here i think you should just stick to making the jokes yeah all right is that
did i go outside my lines no i mean you you add a little color to it you know you just speculated
that it might it could have been that i mean i think i i think it's rare the guy in the ncl who
doesn't enjoy a few cocktails nowadays i mean i don't think people drink as much as maybe 20 years ago, but
a lot of guys like to get at it.
Yeah, I heard he was shooting heroin behind
the arena. I don't know. That's just
me, though. I got a bunch of buddies
who told me, but who knows? Could be a lie
because my friends... Yeah, I guess he robbed
Barney's. He's robbed them blind.
He's putting shirts on underneath his jacket.
He's done.
Another story we talked about previous show that Bob Murray,
general manager at Anaheim, he pretty much put that fire out about Randy
Kalil.
He doesn't really make statements during the year,
but he felt worthy that he should come out.
And here it is right here.
While it's not my preference to make comments on this topic during the
season, our recent play has led to many questions.
Our fans are frustrated frustrated rightfully so
and deserve a response from me at this time i am not considering a coaching change i am more focused
on our players specifically with who is going to step up in this situation the way we played
tonight was a step in the right direction but we need much much more we have higher expectations
for this group and they should expect more for themselves end of the quote and i think you know
for all the losing they've done 12 in a row,
there's still only two points out of the fucking playoff spot.
So, you know, I think he's hoping the answers are in that room.
He's basically like, no, we're not firing the coach,
so find the answers in the locker room.
Yeah, and they had a little trade to shake things up.
You want to hit us with the trade, R.A.?
The Ducks sent Andrew Cogliano to Dallas Stars for Devin Shore on Monday.
Cogliano's 31.
He's in the first year of a three-year deal.
Shore's only 24.
He's in the first year of a two-year deal.
Ducks picked up about a million in cap room as well.
So, yeah, I think that's one of those, like,
not a total earthquake-shaking move, but a move that's all the room.
Hey, man, you can be next.
You know, Cogliano's a guy who's been in that room for a while.
I think that might send a message to some of his teammates.
Know it.
Yeah, definitely. I don't necessarily think it send a message to some of his teammates. Know it? Yeah, definitely.
I don't necessarily think it was a trade to kind of send the message.
I think they're just looking to shake things up.
Cogs is a valuable player, man.
God, that guy, he's so fast.
I know this year hasn't gone the way he had hoped,
but he's had a hell of a career.
He would have the Ironman streak if it wasn't for the suspension
that I still believe was unfairly given to him for the hit on Kempe in L.A.
But, you know, that team, they had a streak this year.
I think they won 10 in a row or eight in a row.
It was a high number.
They went on fire, and then they've just gone completely cold since.
We've brought up the struggles.
I don't think that trade is meant to scare anyone,
but I do think they're trying to do whatever they can.
At this point, how many in a row have they lost already?
What did you say?
Twelve.
Twelve games.
And if you've decided you're not going to fire the coach,
I guess that's kind of the thing.
What's next?
Trade guys.
So who else will they look to trade?
I don't know, but this definitely isn't stopping here, I don't think.
I think they've got some good players in that locker room.
I could see them easily sneaking into playoffs.
You know, Pacific Division's pretty top-heavy,
so I think they could easily slide into a wild-card position.
I mean, Christ, it can't get any worse than this, right?
They got the players to do it.
Good back end, awesome goaltending if Gibbons can stay healthy.
And then, I mean, anytime you got a first-line center like Ryan Getzloff,
you know, you can probably get the job done.
So looking forward to seeing how that one turns around.
Boys, I've got a question for you.
I read something about Jamie Bennigan and more bashing from the management.
Was this fake news or was this legitimately another report coming out of the
front office that they regret
signing him to that long-term deal no it was a legitimate quote um i read it in the athletic i
forget which reporter had the quote but it was an anonymous quote from star source i don't know if
it was necessarily someone in the hierarchy of the organization but somebody who this person called
the star source he said that basically jamie Ben winning the out Ross trophy might've been
the worst thing that happened to this franchise because then they had to pay
him,
you know,
all that money because he was,
you know,
we'll let the league in points.
And basically he was already sort of peak in his career.
They should have saw that his career was going to kind of start the downturn
after that,
before giving him all that money.
Of course,
no one's going to fucking trade and not Ross trophy winner.
It's just kind of weird that they're bringing these,
this up again,
after they seem that put that fire out, fucking stupid to go to the Art Ross trophy winner. It's just kind of weird that they're bringing this up again after they seem to have put that fire out.
Fucking stupid to go to the media with this stuff.
What's your stance on it, brother?
Well, listen, if he didn't win the Art Ross and he had seven less points,
he would have got the same contract.
It wasn't like the Art Ross trophy in itself didn't get him the contract.
For him to say, oh, if he hadn't won the Art Ross,
you know, they might have thought of trading him.
Like, that's nonsense.
It was the years he had.
I don't know.
I mean, I wish this guy could get out of town.
I don't know, Jamie, Ben.
Actually, one time I think I got a virus on my phone
and I sent him a DM on Instagram because, like, the next day he's like,
what was that?
And I saw it was just like a link to something. I was like, dude,
I think I virused you. When you're coming on chicklets,
he never answers.
Sorry about that, Jamie.
I think I virused you.
He was cunnilingus point, so now he won't talk to you.
I don't talk to
the old girls that gave me viruses.
Yeah, but dude, imagine
the ones that aren't talking
to you after you gave them a virus.
Back to Jamie Benn.
He probably wants to get out of town after this.
No, God, like how many times can you pound on the captain
who's put his body on the line?
He'll fight anyone.
He can play.
God damn it.
Like, lay off the guy.
Well, that, and we're talking about a guy before this season
had 30 goals in four of the last five seasons.
Yeah.
Like, we're talking about 34 goals, 35 goals, 41 goals, and 36 goals.
And, I mean, the one year he had off, he had,
that was a quote-unquote off year, 77 games.
He had 26 goals, 43 assists for 69 points.
I mean, he's  All right, you're not good.
Are you 15?
Come on.
Actually, I like this.
Come on.
Am I 15?
Am I more immature than you, you think?
No, you're just as horny as every 15-year-old.
Exactly.
All right, well, fuck, maybe I'll get the Brazzers contract.
And this year, he's already got 18.
I mean, he might hit that 30-goal mark again
for five of the last six seasons.
So for a guy who's been, like, I get that he ain't, like,
in the top echelon player, but, I mean, Christ,
he's got some pretty good numbers.
So hopefully they can resolve things with him,
and I wish him the best, and he can shove it right up
that organization's ass
by making comments like that.
But on a more positive note, boys,
in Montreal, some pretty cool news.
A very good goaltending performance, R.A.?
Yeah, fucking Florida, man.
They're having a tough year,
but Niemi, he's won a cup 2010.
He's one of these backup guys
who they play good for a little while,
then they play bad,
and then they pull games like this out of the rest.
I think Anton Hudobin's another example of that.
He's probably been playing better than Bishop this year,
but I don't think the Emmy's going to still carry Price's performance.
Well, it was more just like a nice little comeback story.
He's been bouncing around the last couple years,
and ever since that cup win, things just really haven't went well for him.
He got that decent contract, I believe, in San Jose,
and he kind of had to share the net there.
So I'm just happy when you hear stories like that.
It makes for a good night, and I'm sure it was an emotional one.
They were chanting his name after the game, so congratulations to him.
Boys, I need to apologize.
Oh, sorry, go ahead.
I just quickly had to say about Niemi.
It's incredible that he's actually been
able to come back and play hockey
after the whiplash he suffered after
I rocketed a rifle past
his ear when I was in Edmonton against
San Jose. I don't know if you saw that tweet I put out
Grinnelli recently. You saw that slap shot?
Yeah, I just wanted to remind
everyone that you can go look up that shot I
took right at bar and down. Thanks, Niemi. And I just want to remind everyone that you can go look up that shot I took right at bar and down.
Thanks, Niemi.
And I just want to clarify, Niemi, not a man rocket, but nonetheless.
Is that mean?
Is that mean?
No, it's not mean.
Speaking of not a man rocket, I'll tell you,
there is no  nothing makes you feel worse inside when you throw out the thing
we did last week of what movie star would play you.
And the responses I've got of the guys that play me, I'm like,
this is what I look like to others.
So, yeah, Niemi's not a man rocker.
Neither am I, for Christ's sake.
Jesus.
Hey, you're 9.1.
You're 9.1.
Don't forget what money is.
No, dude, that's personality and wallet.
That's personality and wallet.
Just looks alone. The actors, people are sending to me. I'm like, God damn personality and wallet. That's personality and wallet. Just looks alone.
The actors, people are sending to me.
I'm like, God damn it.
You didn't get Danny DeVito.
I mean, does it get worse than John C. Reilly?
Yes.
Yes.
I thought Cole Meany was a good call.
I keep getting the mayor from Mystery Alaska.
Yeah, that's a good one.
Yeah, Cole Meany.
Yeah.
The thing is, I'm like, God damn, I see it.
I know where that's coming from.
Boys, I had to apologize for the Norway president thing.
I got the wrong president.
And no offense to her.
I said she was a gorgeous woman.
I've been getting tweets all day.
Listen, she's a wholesome woman.
I mean, I probably would.
But definitely not the president I had in mind.
I must be thinking of a different country.
So maybe send me your other presidents that you may have thought I was thinking of.
But time to move on from that.
Yeah.
Actually, Biz, going back to the Brazz's tweet, we laughed about it,
but we never actually read it.
It said, 6 to 12 salute to Biz Witt and the entire Spit and Chicklets crew for inspiring the sleeper hit
thumbnail of 2019.
Hashtag Harry Knuckles.
Harry Knuckles. Wow, they're jumping on the
Harry Knuckles train. Hey, boys, I'm dead
serious when I say I'm going to try to work something
out with them where we can get some ad reads.
Hey, maybe we can get some porn stars on here doing
ad reads.
Hey, all of a sudden
up he comes like flying through your door. on here doing ad reads. Hey, all of a sudden, all of a sudden,
Uppy comes flying through your door.
Speaking of Uppy,
we're going to be interviewing him, I think,
during the All-Star Week. I miss him.
He's the fucking man.
Any other hockey news, though?
A couple of small notes.
John Shannon of Sportsnet up in Canada.
Tomorrow, actually today, Thursday, the Flames are going to announce they plan to retire number 12 for jerome mcginley
i don't think this is any surprise it was just a matter of time obviously a big legend up there
also doc emmerich has been nominated or elected to the national sports media association hall of
fame uh one of the best game callers ever, obviously, in hockey. I think he's probably up my top three.
I like Gary Thorne back in the ESPN
days. He was phenomenal. I go
back to Howard Cosell, obviously, Monday Night Football.
Al Michaels, I mean, he's only
doing football now. He's a legendary
announcer going back to America. What about you,
Whit? Who are some of your favorites over the years?
Dude, you know who was unreal, too,
in hockey? He was at ESPN back
in the day. I think he ended up dying
the guy i don't know if he drowned i don't even know the story but i remember he was unreal at
hockey and then all of a sudden i mean he died young rest in peace but uh yeah gary thorns great
um who in the league do i really enjoy listening to right Man, there's actually a bunch of good options.
I can't even think of my favorite.
I'll think of it, but Biz, who do you like?
As far as people calling games?
Yeah, I like Doc Emmerich a lot.
He doesn't even really catch heat from anyone either.
No.
He's universally loved, which is very uncommon,
I feel like, in the broadcast world.
Yeah, I love Doc doc i love all the characters
i've said this before like i like pierre mcguire some people probably have scald me for that i
don't give a shit he's actually doing our game uh on wednesday night against the san jose sharks
obviously uh bob miller who was in la was unbelievable and a tough job would be coming
in after him but i believe that alex foss kid has stepped in and done an unbelievable job um you know we talked about it'd be like coming in
after the dodgers guy who is the dog vince gully oh my god i could listen to that guy
fucking read anything and he was great he did national baseball back in the you know back in
the 80s so you know the whole country used to get vince gully for a while back in the day
so shout out to foss so you know i feel like he hasn't really got a lot of recognition and back in the 80s. So the whole country used to get Vin Scully for a while back in the day.
So shout out to Foss.
I feel like he hasn't really got a lot of recognition and really tough shoes to follow.
So he's just the one guy who came to mind.
But I like Gord Miller.
And who's his between-the-bench guy?
It's always Ray Ferraro.
Ray Ferraro.
Ray Ferraro is very good with the names right now.
But those two together are a great tandem.
Yeah, there's a lot of good announcers today.
But, again, congrats to Doc Emmerich for getting in the National Sports Media
Association Hall of Fame.
Well-deserved.
So now we're going to swing it over to the corner, the old gambling corner.
Actually, before we get to the gambling corner,
I just want to talk to you for a second about Tommy John.
These things are the best underwear I've ever worn in my life.
Listen up, because life is way too short to spend a single moment of it being uncomfortable.
You don't want a wedgie all the time.
Forget about it.
You never get a wedgie again when you wear your Tommy Johns.
I don't have enough pairs of these.
I got to hit up the ad guys for some more because they're the most comfortable underwear I've ever worn in my life.
They have men's and women's for guys.
Keeps everything as snug as a bug in a rug down there,
especially you get a little older, things start dangling a little bit more.
Nuance of wedgies, man.
Wedgies are the worst.
With the Tommy John, you got a nice, comfortable, stay-put waistband,
a range of fabrics that are luxuriously soft and designed to move with you,
not against you, so there's no more bunching and riding up.
It's the worst.
Plus, Tommy John has a life-changing women's line.
It's luxurious, hibernation-approved loungewear for men and women. The latest innovation is the
first-ever stay-tuck dress shirt for men. And Tommy John is so confident in their underwear
that if you don't love the first pair, you can get a full refund with their best pair you'll
ever wear, or it's free guarantee. So what do you have to lose? Nothing. So before you spend another
dime on a multi-pack underwear,
cheap cotton or whatever, no, get Tommy John. It's the better way to stay comfortable,
no adjustment necessary. So hurry to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets now for 20 off your first order.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off only at TommyJohn.com. TommyJohn.com.
Last episode, terrible pick by me with the Blackhawks.
I always tell people, mind the goalies.
I should have said if Delia's not starting, don't jump on the Blackhawks.
I don't bet Ward.
I did send out a tweet that night, but yeah, that one's on me.
The second pick was getting played Wednesday night.
We don't have the results yet. So for this segment's picks, we were just talking about the Anaheim Ducks.
They've lost 12 in a row, a franchise record.
So why not bet them?
I think they've been playing well lately.
Winnipeg tied it late with them Saturday night.
Detroit, they basically hung in there with Detroit all night.
Tuesday night, Detroit beat them late.
I think they're breaking through.
I think they're playing well.
I think it's going to happen tonight in St. Paul, Minnesota.
We should take the Ducks' money line for a unit.
My second and final pick on this segment, after a big win last Friday,
the rest of California wasn't too kind.
The Penguins, they dropped a pair of 5-2 decisions to L.A. and San Jose.
Hopefully, Bills will have a better luck going from L.A. to San Jose next week.
I'm looking for a nice bounce back Friday night in Arizona by the Penguins.
So I'm taking the Penguins on the money line for a unit
and on the puck line for a half unit.
So Anaheim Thursday night, money line over Minnesota.
Friday night, Penguins money line for a unit,
half unit on the puck line over Arizona.
Boyce, what else we got?
Actually, Boyce, one last thing.
Some tough news, but we want to mention we have a very loyal listener,
part of the Duluth Police Department, Aaron Haller.
And this guy was shot in the line of duty,
and his canine dog that was always with him, he was shot also,
and he was killed.
And this guy, we just wanted to give our thoughts and prayers to you
and the entire Duluth Police Department.
His dog, Haas, was, was I'm sure an amazing, amazing partner
and we're thinking of you and we appreciate
you listening and I hope everyone
appreciates what the police officers
and men and women do for us in our country.
So thank you to you
for your service and we're so sorry to hear
about your dog Haas and hopefully
things get better in the future for you real
quick. So thanks for listening and
overall all you guys, thanks for listening once again.
We appreciate it.
I hope you enjoyed the interview with Grant Myers.
And we'll talk to you guys next Monday. a little bit gonna be alright and don't worry
about a thing
