Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 143 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by New Amsterdam Vodka on a snowy Sunday,
a championship Sunday.
We're going to record right now, get it out of the way,
so everybody can enjoy their football.
Let's start off with Biz first.
You're still in the Scottsdale, Phoenix, Arizona area, right?
Yep, I'm flying out right after we record this.
Very excited for a trip to California.
I was actually going to ask you guys,
what do you think the odds are Grinnelli actually gets his dick wet on vacation?
For the full week we're in California, are we setting the under over at what, one or two?
Pacific Ocean's right there.
It should be easy. A think yeah i mean a half
is basically saying he's gonna get laid at least once i mean well the problem is when i roll with
when i'm rolling with biz it's like impossible to get laid yeah because i bring one girl over
the table that's probably the craziest thing i've ever heard but but biz also will just be on his
phone or just wheeling so sometimes you you just, if you don't have
someone else with you, you're just left in the dust.
Biz, you know what? It's like
an old Chevy Camaro
trying to hang with a Ferrari,
dude. It's just at some point on the highway
you pull away.
Whatever. I think that
he's a decent looking kid.
I mean, fuck, just get some wheels on you, girl.
Yeah, we'll post the over at a half.
The juice will be minus 130 on the office.
Okay, thank you.
Sure, and the other two knuckleheads you just heard,
Ryan Whitney, Mikey Grinelli,
you guys are both already in California, correct?
Yeah, what's up, guys?
It's beautiful here, guys.
Oh, I got out right before that snowstorm.
Weather's perfect.
I'm sitting next to Grinelli,
who just figured out how to like get the computer working
and then started celebrating
like it wasn't supposed to be.
You know, we weren't supposed
to be for sure
that this is going to be working.
So we're now set.
We're ready to go.
We're waiting for your guys arrival.
Yeah, I'll be flying out
in the morning myself.
I'll see you guys
in less than 24 hours.
I'm sure you can't wait.
I got I got a few corrections.
I've been getting smothered online
for the president of who did Iothered online for the president of
who did I say?
Was it the president of
Norway.
Norway.
Okay, well, it wasn't the president of Norway I was thinking of, clearly,
because a lot of people sent me that picture and, like,
this is the woman you thought was a smoke?
Like, whatever.
She's beautiful in her own right.
But the president I was thinking of was of Croatia.
And she
Zagreb.
Nice. And she is nice.
And she is thick.
And that's who I meant to say.
So my apologies.
You can't make any mistakes on this podcast.
Or spitting chicklets memes is coming for your head.
And then also, I said Gibbons instead of Gibson,
the goalie for Anaheim.
So I got smothered for that.
Oh, you think of Brian Gibbons.
I was thinking, yeah, I fucked up.
Anyway, I'm not the name guy. I'm the kill count guy.
So let's pass it
over back to
R.A. there.
I just want to mention we've got a couple of interviews lined up a little later, too.
We've got Tampa Bay forward Alex Colon
in addition to former NHLer Ken Huskins
and current NHLer Jason Demers
who also jumped in, so
a varied interest coming up to you a little later.
We had some history in the NHL Saturday night.
Henrik Lundqvist, he passed Terry Sawchuck on the all-time wins list.
He got his 446th win over the Bruins, put him in sixth place behind
Mati Brodeur, Paddy Waugh, Ed Belfort, Roberto Luongo, and Curtis Joseph.
He's only eight wins behind Cujo, so he'll catch him. He's 34 wins behind, I'm sorry, 34 wins behind Roberto Luongo and Curtis Joseph. He's only eight wins behind Cujo, so he'll catch him. He's
34 wins behind, I'm sorry,
34 wins behind Roberto Luongo, who he's
probably going to be chasing. Still
245 wins behind Marty Brodeur. He's
probably going to need about eight more 30-win seasons
to catch him, but Marty Brodeur, I mean,
good math, good math there.
Yeah, I know I'm stealing your lessons,
but I mean, Hank Lundquist, we talk about him on the show
all the time., absolute man rocket,
has a wrench, one of the top goalies of his generation.
Boys, he's just missing that one crown jewel, the Stanley Cup.
I think if he gets that, I mean, he's already a Hall of Fame,
no doubt about it.
But, Biz, you played against him a bunch of times.
What's your take on Big Hank?
Yeah, I mean, that one chance he had was when they ended up meeting
Los Angeles in the finals, and it just so happens that they were just at the top
of their game, like they were both Cups they won.
Yeah, I don't know, boys.
They're in a rebuild.
The only way I see him winning that crown jewel is if he gets traded
at the deadline somewhere.
But you don't really see that with starting goalies anymore.
Like, when's the last time a starting goalie got traded at the deadline
and, like, hopped in to be that team starter to take them on to the, to the cup. Like I couldn't
even think, I couldn't even think of one right now. I know that's a, that's a good point. I think that
he also decides if he doesn't want to go anywhere, he may not ever want to leave New York. It's been,
you know, maybe a lifelong Ranger. So that's completely up to him. Shout out to, to James
Dolan, the owner of the Knicks and the Rangers, when he wasn't busy kicking Charles Oakley out of the arena that time
at the Knicks game, saying recently that the Rangers are a playoff team
because of who their goalie is.
Lundquist is unbelievable.
The guy's sick.
He hasn't slowed down.
They are not a playoff team just because you have Hamnick Lundquist.
I don't know what he's talking about.
You have to have an entire team, a deep team, to make the playoffs just because you have Hank McLundquist. I don't know what he's talking about. You have to have an entire team,
a deep team to make the playoffs just because you have
a stud goalie. That does not mean you're
a playoff team. So foolishness right there.
Yeah, Rangers, man,
take a look at the stands. They're nine points out of
a playoff spot right now. They've got a couple teams
ahead of them. You do wonder if they're
going to start selling off parts. They did mention they're
going to have a controlled rebuild,
but I don't know, man.
I don't know if they'll ever trade Hank.
I think the highest, the best time they could have traded him probably was a few
years ago when his stock was the highest.
But I don't see him going to another team at this point.
But you got to think, man, if they're going to be a lottery team in two,
three years, I would want out, man.
I mean, playing for a team that's going in your mid to late 30s.
And I do honestly think a guy like him could get rejuvenated getting traded,
going to another team, having a whole new defense, a whole new team.
He could kind of recapture some of that magic from six, seven years ago.
So, I don't know.
We'll keep an eye on it.
But I would be surprised if he did want to get traded, though.
Speaking of the Metropolitan Division, Barry Trotz returned to Washington,
D.C. for the first time after winning the Stanley Cup there.
With the Islanders, he got a win.
They had a nice emotional video farm.
He said he had a hard time keeping his emotions in check.
You know, he was four years there, accommodated in a nice Stanley Cup win.
Dude, the Islanders, man, I mean, first place out of nowhere.
Four in a row they've won.
I know a lot of their fans have been clamoring for us to talk about them.
Well, here we go, dude.
How about those fucking Islanders?
I was told that I'm not allowed
to mention the Islanders on this podcast.
Frankie Borelli told me that he would burn my house
down, actually, if I bring up the
Islanders. Oh, to curse them
like you did the Buffalo Sabres?
Yeah, just because of, you know, my
past experiences from this
year with the Sabres. Do people from Buffalo
hate Grinnelli now?
Oh, yeah.
He can't go to Buffalo.
No, no, no, no, no.
Buffalo still loves me.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
They shouldn't. If they had a brain, they'd be just gaspiping you for ruining their entire season with their
wagon t-shirts.
Obviously, they've done a good job of collectively getting it done.
I think what's put them over the edge lately is, of course, the fact that Barzell got hot.
You know, we talked about his shooting percentage
and how low it was.
Yeah, it was a matter of time.
It was a matter of time.
I mean, from watching a few games, I thought that,
especially the one when he came to Arizona,
I thought he was definitely first pass mentality.
Or what is that?
Pass first mentality.
Is that right?
Did I say that right?
Yeah, you got it.
You got it right the second time.
Pass first mentality. And lately,? Did I say that right? Yeah, you got it. You got it right the second time. Pass first mentality.
And lately, he's just been firing the puck.
I mean, he's starting to score in bunches now.
It's good to see.
It's good to see the parity in the league.
I like seeing different teams at the top,
and that's a fan base who deserves it
because they've stuck through them
through some not-so-good situations.
I mean, we talked about the rink situation.
That's going to get resolved. But good to see congratulations to barry trotz and then of course uh my my good pal lou also this just shows i think every year now i mean i guess
every year it always happens but last year was vegas everyone thought they're gonna be brutal
this year tavaris leaves and like oh my god the poor islanders like they're gonna just be an afterthought and it's been the leaves and like, oh my god, the poor Islanders. They're going to just be an afterthought.
It's been
one of the best stories in the league so far.
The fact they're leading their division right now,
are you kidding me? 60 of the NHL
season is done. They're leading that
division. It's a bunch of
depth they have. They have a bunch of guys
playing really well. Anders Lee is awesome.
He's the captain there. He's just
a bull in front.
Great, great guy from everything I've heard.
And it shows what coaching does, right?
I mean, we always talk the NFL is the one league where coaching matters most.
Coaches in the NFL really can decide games almost sometimes,
the way they call a game.
And then as it goes down the list of leagues, it maybe matters less.
But the NHL, I believe that if you have a good enough team,
you can win it with any coach.
But he's proven right now, Trotz, that he's special.
I mean, this is now like everywhere he's been.
And when he was with Nashville, those teams weren't great either,
and he got so much out of them.
So this guy knows how to coach, knows how to get people going,
and it is good for the Islanders fans.
They deserve it. Maybe not Frankie
Brilly, that little fuck, but everyone else.
I appreciate all their support and what
they mean, how much the Islanders mean to them
as a fan of hockey. I love it.
In addition to Trotz, we've got to commend
their goaltending. It's been a two-headed
monster. Robin Lehner and
Thomas Grice, both got 14
wins. Lehner's got a 2-11 GAA
with a 9-8 percentage, two shutouts. Grice with a 2-11 GAA with a 9-8 percentage, two shutouts.
Grice with a 2-5-0 and 9-2-0, two shutouts.
What's up, Whit?
Oh, I just wanted to go at the end of you.
Okay.
I just want to mention, too,
Anders Lee is a somewhat similar situation to John Tavares last year.
Obviously, he's not the same player,
but he is due to be an unrestricted free agent this summer. He's leading
the team in goal scoring. He's got 18 goals,
19 assists. You wonder if they're going to
ride it out. Obviously, if they're in a playoff spot,
he's a key guy. I don't think they want to trade
him before, but could they get something for him?
Who knows, but if history is any indication,
they're going to hang on to Anders Lee.
One other thing, shout out to them. It's even more impressive
I think that they're doing this considering they have
to play a chunk of their games in that awful,
awful Barclays Arena.
Yeah, that's true. That place is garbage.
And you mentioned Robin Lehner, and it's
good to see what
this guy's doing now because it just shows
he had some demons, man.
He was open about it, but you're
able to get healthy mentally, healthy
physically, and away from some of the issues
he had off the ice. And you could see what he's able to kind of mentally, healthy physically, and away from some of the issues he had off the ice.
And you could see what he's able to kind of turn into as a player
because the potential has always been there.
He's a first-round pick, so good for him.
Exactly, yeah.
I mean, we want to see  we say all the time, we want to see teams be good.
I mean, we all have our favorites on the show,
but we don't like to see teams suck for too long.
One play we talked about a couple months back, Patrick Berglund,
he kind of just up and left the Buffalo Sabres,
and it was a big mystery as to why he did.
And basically, we talk about mental health on the show all the time,
and it sounds like he kind of put his mental health in front of everything else,
which I think we need to commend the guy for.
Some of his quotes were,
I just knew I had to go home and find myself again.
My contract and all the money I gave
up means nothing. I can give up that amount anytime to feel good inside. You know, money is nice,
but it's hardly the only thing. Basically, you know, this guy, he seemed like he needed to get
his life in order. Now, he didn't specify whether he having issues with substances or anything like
that. He just seemed like a guy who had to get his head straight. And, you know, kudos to him for
doing that. Like we kind of joked around like what you would say who who would leave 12 million dollars on the table but you know when
your mind and your sanity is at that point where you got to take care of it then fucking money
means nothing man you know money will always be there later i i said it after it happened i said
if you can just walk away from that in order to go get your health man i commend the shit out of you
uh it was also a nice gesture for him to,
I don't want to say help the team, but now they're
able to go spend that in the cap and move
on. So,
I just hope he gets better. Awesome guy.
We spent some time with him when we were at St. Louis'
camp with, so good to
see that.
Yeah, he did seem like a great guy, and you
guys, I mean, you basically both said it.
As long as he's happy or getting on the way to being happy,
then that's all that matters.
And I think it's pretty  is it commendable?
Commendable?
Is that the word, R.A.?
Commendable of him.
Very commendable.
Good luck to him.
Good luck to him moving forward.
And good luck to the fans of Buffalo after Grinnelli completely ruined you guys
with the shirt because we're still rooting for you guys to get in for us
to go to Chippewa Street.
Thank you.
Four points back in the playoffs right now, the Sabres.
I don't know.
Did you guys catch the tweet from poker superstar Daniel Negreanu last night?
Oh, I did.
That's why I brought up the gambling thing at the start of the episode
as far as Grinnell getting laid.
Maybe Negreanu is going to want to get in on that action.
This guy is a fiend.
Does he have huge action
on games, I think? Oh, my God. I'm
assuming at least 100K a game.
He's a freak. Oh, Barstow
and Nate's buddies with him, and he told me that he puts
like 500K on games.
Is he that rich?
Is he that rich from poker? Oh, these guys
are just so intelligent.
Yeah, I mean, God knows
how much of it is off the record.
I mean, I'm sure those guys don't report every fucking cent,
especially if you're playing international.
Why would you?
Yeah, exactly.
Just for the record, the tweet was, quote,
love how few fucks spitting chicklets gives on their podcasts.
Hockey fans will not regret subbing to this one unless you are a pansy.
Then it's just not for you.
A guy like that obviously gives us a shout out.
It's huge.
It's great to know he's a fan. So it was pretty cool. He's a Canadian. He's a not for you. A guy like that obviously gives us a shout out. It's huge. It's great to know he's a fan.
So it was pretty cool.
He's a Canadian.
He's a not Canadian hockey fan.
He loves Kessel.
He loves Kessel?
Yeah.
By the way, do you guys see that fucking meme or whatever someone put out of Kessel
just dogging on the bike?
Guys are going so hard in the front row.
He's in the back.
He's just like slow down boys i
love everything about him i love phil castle actually by the way boys they were in town and
i saw them um they uh they had a practice day and i was coming into the rink and i ran into phil and
i was giving him the finger when i was coming out of my car because he was in the bus and we don't
really know each other that well so he's like oh geez oh, geez, I didn't know if you were like really mad at me or something.
And I ended up seeing Sid and Gino.
Gino obviously not coming on the pod.
No chance.
Sid said he may come on when we see him at the All-Star game.
He's getting in on the Friday.
So that would be a cool interview, even if it's only for 20 minutes.
I mean, I'd like to hear his thoughts on Flyers fans pissing on his face
in the urinal when they had the cutouts during playoffs.
But, yeah,
they ended up beating the Arizona Coyotes
3-2 in overtime. Boys, Coyotes
have been playing fucking awesome hockey.
Here we go, the Coyotes.
I mean, where they are right now
is surprising to me.
Yeah, they've got six major
injuries right now. They had seven a few weeks
ago, but they got one more guy healthy.
Pretty remarkable, boys, with that
lineup and what they're spending on the cap.
Congratulations to the...
Galchenyuk looks good, huh? Yeah, he's finally
picked it up. He looks
like...
Because Domi started so hot
and much and all, and so you're like,
really? But you could tell Galchenyuk's getting it going.
I still think that that could be a win-win for both teams.
It's kind of proving to be if he continues the second half pace.
Because Domi looks awesome.
Speaking of the All-Star game, sorry, our buddy Taylor Hall,
he can't play in it for the second year in a row.
He's going to miss the All-Star game due to injury.
He's got a lower body injury.
He's been replaced by Kyle Palmieri. So, unfortunately, we won't be able to see Halls miss the All-Star game due to injury. He's got a lower body injury. He's been replaced by Kyle Palmieri.
So unfortunately, we won't be
able to see Hawsey in the All-Star game.
But we are going to head off to Alex Colon right now
at Tampa Bay Lightning Fold. We talked to him
a few weeks back. So we're going to bring him
on right now. So without further ado,
Alex Colon. This interview
is brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and
confusing, but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets
to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices,
fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for great value.
I've had the SeatGeek app on my phone for years now,
and it is by far the easiest way that I've found to shop for tickets.
You can be anywhere, anytime, couple of taps, boom,
I find the seats I'm looking for.
And the best part is I tell SeatGeek how much I'm willing to spend,
and they tailor the search around what I'm willing to spend.
Every ticket is guaranteed, so you're not handing money to some dirtbag scalper who runs behind the
building. Boom, you beat for 100 bucks. No, it doesn't work that way in SeatGeek because everything
is guaranteed, so you can shop with confidence. So make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the
best deals on every type of ticket, from sports and concerts to comedy and theater. Best of all,
our listeners get 10 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
I'd like to welcome a new guest to the podcast.
This guy is a super rocket nerd.
Spent four years playing at harvard university can you please
stop laughing sir while i'm doing my intro thank you he uh he was drafted by tampa bay in the third
round a little bit of a late bloomer but uh he went down to norfolk to the jungle he did all
right there put up put up some decent points then he went over to syracuse probably caught the clap at least a couple times pretty greasy spot there and then finally got called up to the
tampa bay lightning and he's been there ever since welcome to the podcast alexander calorna
thanks for having me biz everyone else
all right so do you know Biz? Are you like  are you buddies with this clown?
Well, when did we get to know each other, Biz?
Was it the All-Star?
Really get to know each other last year.
Was it the All-Star weekend?
Yeah, I went to the All-Star game.
Not a big deal.
And then Kalorn and Sooster, by the way, another unbelievable guy.
That's the one guy you have to get on the podcast.
Oh, I know. He has the funniest accent in the world I've ever heard in my life. another unbelievable guy is they that's one guy you have to get on the podcast oh i know he has
the funniest accent in the world i've ever heard in my life and and he talks like a hockey guy
like ultra hockey guy like what's up fellas can you can you imitate it for me can you imitate it
no i can't you you did him you did him justice honestly that's how he's like got a czech accent
but he's got the hockey mannerism yeah so it's like it kind of he mixes it in he's hilarious he's a calm man we got after
a last night hey boys you're like holy fuck don't he's like a movie character but uh so i went to
the all-star game like i was saying not a big deal and uh it was what is it called, Gasparilla or Casparilla?
Gasparilla.
Oh, R.A. knows about Gasparilla because it's the fucking,
it's like NASCAR and WWE had a baby.
White trash central.
But it's a good time.
And so you and Sooster stayed in town.
And I believe Kevin Hayes came in to see you guys, didn't he?
Well, we saw Hayes. I think it was the night I saw you, we were out. And we saw Hayes came in to see you guys, didn't he? Well, we saw Hayes.
I think it was the night I saw you.
We were out, and we saw Hayes, and I was like,
Hayes, you playing in the All-Star game?
Like, what's going on?
Because I didn't really, like, check that.
And next thing you know, he's like, no, I was just visiting some friends.
So we ended up having a little get-together the next day.
Gasparilla is, like, a crazy event.
There's, like, a couple hundred thousand people, like, coming to town. And it's funny because, well,illa was like a crazy event. There was like a couple hundred thousand people coming to town.
And it's funny because when we invited you to the event, you didn't come
because I think you were doing some all-star
stuff. I was fucking at the all-star
skills competition.
You weren't there. It was at night.
But either way, we hired some
bouncer because Schuster's
house was right on
base where the parade goes. So a lot of people were just coming in and out. We needed a bouncer. And he was the worst bouncer because it's his Schuster's house was right on right on base where the parade goes so
a lot of people were just coming in and out we needed a bouncer and it was the worst bouncer ever
let every like you University of Tampa college kid in except he didn't let one guy in the one
guy he didn't let in Kevin Hayes so Kevin was like waiting out there for like 10 minutes like
what the hell is going on college College parties. What a loser.
Yeah, all these kids got in, but Hazy had to wait outside for a little bit.
I think he thought I was like  I was like  because, you know, he sprayed the water bottle at me or whatever.
So I think he thought I was getting him back for that,
but it wasn't even that.
It was just the balancer was like  didn't let him in.
He squirted you during an NHL game from the bench?
Yeah, you don't  we got fined 5,000. Oh, shit. He got dinged you during an NHL game from the bench? Yeah, we got fined 5,000.
Oh, shit.
He got dinged for that.
Yeah, of course he was fucking pissed.
I got dinged for that, too.
We all got dinged for it.
You guys all got fined for that?
You make that in a couple breaths.
Hold on.
You just made it back.
Hey, I'll say this, though.
You guys were sending me Snapchats or Instagram,
whatever the fuck it's called,
and the women that were at this party,
there was no point in me showing up anyway.
If I would have brought one of them home,
it would have come in like two seconds.
I wouldn't even...
If the ministry touched my dick, I would have came.
They were so hot.
So it was just...
There was no point.
I was going to stick downtown to all the slop.
No, you were being big time at the All-Star Skills with all your boys.
Well, Lundquist came to say hi to me, interrupted my video.
Yeah, yeah.
I get it.
I get it.
I mean, whatever.
Alex, how does a kid from Nova Scotia end up at Havid?
Not the traditional route.
Well, I only lived in Nova Scotia for like a year of my life.
Oh, okay.
I moved when I was a year old, and I moved to Montreal.
So a lot of people think I'm French, but my parents are both like Maritimers.
So I grew up in Montreal.
The Biega brothers who like lived down the street from me,
one of them lives in Vancouver now, they all went to Harvard.
So, yeah, I always wanted to go there.
It was between, you know, going to Harvard or going to the Q,
which is like what everyone from Montreal does.
So that was a tough decision, trying to make that decision.
But all in all, Harvard was really the place I wanted to go to just because,
you know, those guys who were a little bit older than me went there.
And so I just decided when they called, you know,
when Ted Donato gave me the call, I was, you know, happy to go there.
So did you play with a legend there named Sam Bozoin, a.k.a. Riggs?
Sam Bozoin.
Yeah, so I played with Bozo.
I guess you guys call him Riggs, right?
No, no, we call him Bozo.
We call him Bozo on this podcast.
Okay.
Yeah, I played with Bozo when I came in.
He was three years older than me, but we graduated together.
So he kind of  yeah, I played with him.
I mean, you must have heard his name be Riggs.
You're like, wait, what?
He's Bozo.
Why are people not calling him Bozo?
Yeah, I was confused.
But I never knew what was He's Bozo. Why are people not calling him Bozo? Yeah, I was confused.
I never knew what was going on with you.
I saw some tweets and stuff with you going back and forth with him,
but I never  was it something about golf or something?
Yeah, I'm going to dummy him in a golf match at some point.
What do you mean?
You just scroll down when you see Witt's name and his name? Yeah, he's like, oh, fucking Witty.
You didn't fucking read it?
No.
Oh, no, no, no.
Someone just told me about it in the locker room.
But when are you guys playing?
Where are you guys playing?
How are you guys playing?
I don't know the date yet.
He kind of called me out, and then he was looking for shots.
I mean, you play golf.
You can't be calling someone out and then begging for shots.
You don't start games up 3-0 when you're playing like the fucking Senators.
You know what I mean?
He doesn't have to give people fucking goals.
So I had to give him a little bit.
But he's bozo to us.
Killorn, I want to know how your grades were at Harvard.
You're not a smart guy.
Didn't you guys just have Donato on the other day?
Yeah, we did.
Yeah, I mean, my grades were okay.
The one thing about Harvard is everyone's working so hard to get A's
that B-minuses and B's are not that tough, really.
Everyone's working, battling so hard for A's
that if you kind of put in some effort,
the teachers feel bad giving you a B.
And, like, I'm always pretty happy with that.
So, yeah.
Strive for greatness, man.
Yeah.
You know, 3.0 or 2.8, 2.9, somewhere around there.
Did you ever have any how-do-you-like-them-apples-type incidents
with the local residents in the Boston area when you went to school there
for four years?
Like, figured you'd run into a mass hole or two.
Not really.
I mean, a couple times, like, there was this place, Pinocchio's,
where we got pizza late night, and there's always, you know, something.
And there was always the Boston guy that was like,
I have nothing to lose and trying to fight everyone.
But nothing that I could really recall.
How do you like playing in Tampa with all those superstars
now that you're a fourth liner?
It's great.
I love it.
It's the best.
I have no pressure.
You know what?
Tampa is the greatest.
I mean, I don't know, Biz.
You've been around.
I mean, you guys know.
I think Tampa's got to be up there and one of the better places to play.
It's just weather, the team you play on.
It's, you know, it's like I'm pretty fortunate to play here.
Well, let's go over the pros.
I mean, no state tax, great weather.
You have a great team.
You have a great family.
The only issue I have, though, is just you're in Florida.
Like, that's...
Like, how close is a meth lab?
There's a meth lab every 10 minutes.
They might have one on the concourse.
No, but you guys got it wrong, man. Like, when you
watch Cops and when you watch all those shows
and it's always talking about Florida,
that's like middle of Florida.
That's not like the big
city.
So you are in agreement. the overall state's a dump?
Breaking news.
You're not going to get me to say that, but no.
Hey.
I'm not agree with that statement.
You've been media savvy all day.
Yeah, I know.
Hey, can we  I'm a big time  I'm always curious about Russians
because I lived there for a couple months.
Give me a little lowdown on Kucherov.
What's that guy like?
Kucherov is great, man.
He, well, he was my, like, when I came in,
it was my second year of entry level.
So we still, I still had a roommate,
and Kuch was just starting his entry level.
So we were roommates on the road for like a full year.
He's a great guy. He's like really kind of shy soft spoken like oh like you know a lot of
you got a lot of the younger guys um around the league now like they they go to practice and they
go home and they play fortnight and you know he's he's one of those guys that's just a homebody like
he loves being at home but but takes care of himself.
Hey,
so,
so when he,
when he first broke in,
do you think,
did you know he was going to get this good?
No,
I mean, he was,
I think he was a third rounder also.
And I mean,
his first,
like his,
we knew he was good.
Cause his first couple of games in the HL,
I think he had like three hat tricks,
like in the first nine games or something.
It was crazy.
So they called him up.
And once we saw him start to play, we're like, he's the real deal.
But he didn't have much hype coming in like through the draft and through juniors.
So, I mean, the Quebec Ramparts didn't even keep him.
They kept two other imports over him.
So, but he's obviously a great player.
And then he went to
Ruan Aranda.
I said that like Grinnell.
And then he played 27 games,
scored 26 goals, and had 27
assists. So he was two points a game,
basically a goal a game too.
So whoopsie mistake by
the Quebec Ramparts.
Somebody got canned from the scouting staff.
Then, yeah, he came into the league his first year.
I mean, he had nine goals, nine assists in 52 games.
It was just all of a sudden after that, he started popping off.
Yeah, and he was one of those guys, too.
I think he scored on his first shot, assisted by Teddy Purcell.
Oh, what a man.
Friend of the program.
Edward Purcell, yeah.
He was one of those guys that
his first shot went in and you're like, okay,
this guy may be the real deal.
Alex, Tampa's been kind of
knocking at the door the last couple of seasons.
Had a final appearance,
had a couple of semi-final
appearances.
Is there a point where you get frustrated
where you haven't won it yet,
or you just kind of keep going at it each year?
I mean, does frustration ever set in at all?
Like, shit, man, we're doing everything we can here,
and we just haven't won it yet.
How do you deal with that?
I mean, you realize how tough it is to win.
It's tough to get frustrated because, you know,
all these teams are working day in, day out to try to win this thing.
And for us, you might feel a little frustration
because you've gotten so close.
But in the same way, that kind of pushes you.
I mean, you look at Washington and all that they had gone through,
and they kind of found a way to push through last year.
So we're kind of hoping that this is our year.
And, yeah, I i mean frustration sinks in a
little bit but um if anything it just pushes you and motivates you more yeah you guys are in a very
similar situation to washington where where a lot of people thought that their window had closed
and i even think that you guys are probably even a little younger than than they were when
based on the comparison uh and to kind of touch on R.A.'s question there,
is it kind of  I guess it's really hard to be frustrated
when most years you guys are fucking in runs for the President's Trophy
and all of a sudden you're in the playoffs
and then at the blink of an eye it's over.
So you never really had much time to be like,
oh no, we're losing the wheel here.
Yeah. I mean, especially when you know how close you've been. So you never really had much time to be like, oh, no, we're losing the wheel here.
Yeah.
I mean, especially when you know how close you've been.
I think the last  like we lost to Washington, Pitt, and Chicago,
and those teams all ended up winning the cup.
There you go.
And those are two game sevens we lost in the Eastern Conference final.
So, yeah, like it's tough because, you know, one game or, you know,
one goal or something changes and you never know.
Things could be a lot different.
But you're always happy when you're in the run every year.
You guys feel like you got a decent shot at it this year?
I mean, you guys are probably, what, one of the top two or three contenders, no?
Yeah, I'd like to think so i mean oh god yeah it's
yeah oh god yeah um but it's one of those i think when you look at like the capitals when we played
them last year during the season um like we we played boston in the playoffs and we thought when
we beat boston we're like you know what they were they were one of the best teams in the east and
then washington just came in and they like and they peaked at the right time.
So it's all about finding that so you can play your best hockey
when you have to in the playoffs.
So it all builds up to that.
I kind of compare that one to when L.A. just got into playoffs,
and they just caught this steam, and nobody was stopping them.
I feel like Washington was there this year
and everything was clicking at the right time.
And it was, yeah, you were hooped.
Yeah.
Hey, can I ask you who's the clown in the room?
Who's pulling pranks?
Who's the goon?
It might be you.
So in that case, I'd love to hear your answer.
Well, I mean, when I first got in the league it was
you know ryan malone he was definitely the guy who never heard of him i think he gets brought
up in every interview we have yeah but i like when i came in the league um like teddy purcell
and right like a freshly divorced ryan malone were on the team and those were the guys like they were like nothing I've ever seen before.
If I had to compare him to someone now, like Girardi is a pretty funny guy.
He gets on guys, but not really with pranks.
He doesn't like the controversy, like getting confronted.
But yeah, I guess Girardi, I don't know.
So he's from my hometown, Welland, Ontario.
And he's kind of like a skidary
very dry he's the guy in the corner of the room in the dressing room when like some guy says
something that's stupid he's like mumbling to the guy next to him and then that guy just erupts and
he just like keeps trying to escape pretending he didn't say shit yeah that's a good way to put it
but he's he's hilarious just with his body language.
And he's older now, so he's always complaining about something,
but it's always funny.
How bad's his tattoo?
How bad's his tattoo?
Do you guys care too much?
If he has a white T-shirt on, you could see it through the white T-shirt.
What is it?
It's a barbed wire, right?
I think it's like a really thick tribal like really oh it's around his bicep around his bicep
i'll describe it i love you
he's the man but we gotta rip on on him because now he might come on the pod.
But I'll describe it.
You got to get him on.
If I had to either pick his tattoo or having this greasy scarecrow tattooed on my neck,
I'd pick the scarecrow on my neck.
Dude, guarantee. He knows it's bad.
Oh, he knows it.
He has to rip himself because he's so hard on everyone else.
He has to rip on his own flaws.
Yeah, he rips himself.
He's good about it.
What's Callahan like?
Callahan's good.
He's, I mean, he's like one of the leaders in the locker room.
He keeps guys honest for sure in the locker room.
He's funny too, but he's just classic Rochester guy.
Loves that he's from Rochester.
He lives in Rochester.
How pissed was he actually about the face
looking for Marshawn?
He was rattled.
Yeah, because he was fuming.
I didn't know if they were doing that to try to get
him suspended, or
after the game, he was flustered.
No, if you get licked.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
I remember he was really rattled.
Does anybody give him shit in the locker room for it,
or is that off limits because he's a well-respected vet?
No, I mean, no one was really giving him shit.
We were kind of just, like, I mean, everyone was just kind of confused.
And, like, we have another game coming up.
We're not going to be giving him shit about getting licked.
We're trying to beat them in the playoffs.
He got in your guys' kitchen.
You guys all thought you were going to get mono,
and he fucked with your guys' heads.
No, he didn't at all.
No one really cared, to be honest.
I think Callahan was the only one that was well-fired about it.
I know you guys have the Florida Panthers across the Alligator Alley.
Excuse me.
But you've never really had like an epic playoff series with the Jumbo.
Holy fuck, R.A., you all right there?
Yeah.
Did you smoke a pack of cigarettes before you came on or what?
I'm good.
What did the mic do to you?
It's the cough.
So you've never really had like a really big
you don't really have a rivalry with them yet,
even though the in-state rival.
Who other than them,
would you consider Tampa Bay's rival in the NHL right now?
It kind of changed just because our team doesn't have as much, you know,
history as like original six teams.
But when I, when we first started going on playoff runs,
it seemed like we played Detroit every playoff, you know,
when Babcock was coaching there and then Boston and Montreal, you know, when Babcock was coaching there. And then Boston and Montreal, you know, maybe Toronto now,
it seems like.
But I don't know if that's a crazy rivalry.
I'd say more Boston, Detroit, and Montreal.
I don't think we have one, like, intense rivalry.
When you first got there, was Philly still considered the rival?
Because I know in the early years at Tampa that the first playoff series
they had was with Philadelphia.
So that was basically their series rival for a long time.
I don't know if that was still lingering in the early years.
Yeah, maybe early on.
And then, I mean, since I've been here,
we haven't really played in the playoffs or anything like that.
So they haven't been a huge rival.
Has John Cooper been your only coach in pro hockey
well i had so i had gee boucher for i think 20 games but yeah other than that john cooper's
been my only pro hockey coach that's actually pretty cool i mean you're you're what in your
ninth year pro it's kind of crazy to see that is he he seems very approachable like i
i don't i don't know him i don't i haven't really asked any of the guys about him but
he seems like kind of down-to-earth guy you could kind of shoot the shit with is that
accurate yeah i mean i think so he's he's all i know right so it's tough for me to kind of give
an opinion because but when i you start to play with other guys,
you know,
like Cooney last year,
Cooney was telling me about all the coaches he's had.
Um,
I think he's a really understanding coach where if you have a problem and you
go like talk to him about it and you like tell him how you feel,
even if you guys are like fucking each other off,
like he'll respect you for that.
You know,
um,
he's one of those guys that easily approachable
um a lot of people like the like when he came in the league with a player's coach you know he's got
the swag he when he walks around and stuff like that but uh he he finds a way to motivate his
players and you know his record speaks for itself lauren i got one question for you to wrap this
thing up were you uh were you you surprised when Iserman stepped down?
Yeah, I was pretty surprised.
I mean, Stammer came up to me in the morning.
I guess he had talked with Iserman right when Iserman got in,
and Stammer told me, and I didn't believe him.
I thought he was just messing with me.
And then, yeah, he came and talked to the team,
and, yeah, it was shocking to be honest so he so he
went in the dressing room and addressed everyone in there yeah it was like camp hadn't started yet
so but you know like the the week before camp when or like a couple days before camp when uh
when everyone's there pretty much yeah yeah exactly um he just came in and addressed the team and let us know pretty brief meeting but
he just let us know that he was going to be stepping down keeping his role but uh julian
breezeball is going to be the the gm going forward so what so afterward you guys what like just
fucking obviously in the stick room like you're just like, whoa, that's like, whew. Yeah, I mean, you're kind of confused.
You don't really understand it.
But Julian's been here a while.
Steve gave me a seven-year contract.
Great guy.
So, I mean, thanks, Steve.
Thank God.
I'm now close to equally as making as much as the other
people I went to Harvard with.
Yeah. Like halfway. But no, he, honestly, we were, it was shocking,
but it was one of those things like he told us it was for his family and he
wanted to be around his family more. So that's honestly,
I don't have really any more information than what he told us.
I mean, people have speculated certain things, but, you know, who really knows?
He told us it was because of his family.
He wanted to spend more time with them.
Wow, we're ending on a very juicy note.
I don't think a lot of people know how it all went down.
So, fucking spit and chicklets, breaking news.
Iserman is stepping down.
There you go.
He thinks Florida, the state of Florida, is trash.
Yeah.
But Alex doesn't enforce that statement.
That's not going to look good when we end this video out.
Hey, thanks a lot, buddy.
Hey, you got to tell Stammer I said hi,
and maybe he'll come on the podcast.
You know, you got to give us a little bump.
Stammer will come on.
I mean, he doesn't love doing these kind of things.
No, he doesn't.
You ask him, but.
Hey, tell Stammer that Witt said he was a mental midget for switching
stick tape in playoffs.
I don't know if he listens to the pod.
I think Stammer brought that up to me, actually.
He was listening.
Maybe that's why he's not going to come on your show now.
He hates your guts, bitch.
Killorn, hey, break the ice
tomorrow and be like, Biz said he'll
plug your
tires from now on. Or pump your tires.
That's just it.
Just tell him to come on the podcast.
That's really the only reason we wanted you on anyway.
I know. I figured.
It was either Kucherov or one of those guys.
You were the seventh guy
on the team that I messaged, and you were the only one
to get back to me, so it worked out great.
I see you posting on everyone's
Instagram. I saw you on Marner trying to
get him the other day. Who's? Marner?
Oh, I am. I don't think Marner
would give us much, though. Do you know him?
Do you know him personally?
Yeah. You could probably get some Do you know him personally? You could, yeah, you could probably,
you could probably get some stuff out of him actually.
Oh yeah.
Since we're probably not going to get Marner.
What do you know about Marner?
Marner's hilarious.
I play with him.
Is he really?
He's so funny,
man.
Like you think he would be funny on the podcast?
I don't know if he'll be funny on the podcast.
He's funny in real life.
He's like one of those kids that just is like one of those Instagram kids
you know with all the new dances and he's always
he's just doing stupid
shit all the time he's funny but he's a good kid
he's doing a pretty good job
off the ice by monetizing
his social media like he's been doing these little
commercials and shit
I've seen him on like five different
commercials and I live in Florida
yeah hey
and the boys just
lay into him on Instagram and I'm always
like positive I'm like bro he doesn't care
he doesn't care he loves it
of course he doesn't he's probably making a million
bucks off the ice take notes
Nylander
he was living for free
of course he was
who was he was living for free of course oh who was marvin he's like yeah my my dad
buddy gave me a spot i live downtown toronto i don't pay rent he lives in a trap house
no i think it's like a nice house but one of his buddies dad set him up
he lives in a rich guy's like uh house he used to fuck mistresses in. But now he's like, yeah, I guess I'm not fucking that many mistresses anymore.
You can have it.
Yeah, exactly.
Okay, thanks for coming on, buddy.
Thanks, buddy. Good luck.
That interview was also brought to you by Roman.
Roman is a one-stop shop for men's health with their own licensed physicians
and certified pharmacies across the country,
which means the whole process will be quick and painless for you. And right now, studies are showing that 52 of guys will experience erectile
dysfunction at some point in their life. A lot of guys don't like to talk about it. Here on
Chicklets, we like to be open and honest. So if you have an issue with it, you want to take care
of it, man. You want to keep yourself satisfied in addition to keeping your woman or your partner
satisfied. All right, Roman takes care of everything from online diagnosis to fast
deliveries of your FDA approved medication, always in this super discreet unmarked packaging.
Okay. With Roman, you get access to licensed physicians and brand name medication like Viagra
or generic equivalents for as little as 2 a dose without even leaving your couch. That's the best
part. You can sit on your couch and do all of this. All right, so to get started, all you have to do is visit GetRoman.com slash chicklets and complete a brief online visit. A licensed physician
will review it and either approve your request or reach out to you if they have questions.
It's really that easy, okay? Guys, if you're experienced in ED, I know no one wants to talk
about it, but that's what we're here for, to help you out. Go online and get checked by the doctor.
I know erectile dysfunction can be tough to talk about and tackle, but with
Roman, it's easy, anonymous, and only takes a few minutes to get started. To waive Roman's usual
online visit fee, visit GetRoman.com slash chicklets, or click the link in the description
box below. That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets for your free online visit.
Big thanks to Alex Killorn. I actually got to spend some time with him last year at the All-Star
game. Now we're heading off to this year's All-Star game. Boys, speaking of All-Star games,
I got that KHL All-Star game written down in my notes here where that guy was playing the guitar
on the ice. Hey, I commend him. He had a decent voice, and that's a lot of jam to get up there
in front of all those people and perform like that.
Did you see that clip, Whit?
I did.
Okay, so I saw the beginning of it with the kid sitting on the bench
with the guitar, and I kind of cringed.
I was like, oh, no, dude, is he going to be a guitar guy?
Let me play a song, and then he crushed it.
His voice was
was good enough where i you know right away you realize all right he's doing this for a reason
he knows how nasty he is if that guy is single oh my god where's he from i think he doesn't have a
he's canadian american kid i i have no idea but that's uh canadian i mean that's a canadian
you're not saying that's a tyler segan
pussy flare if i ever saw one yeah i i found his um his twitter whatever and i was like oh yeah
he's retweeting everything this kid's smart when you crush it when you have a viral clip like that
where it's not just viral of you being a professional hockey player in the all-star
game in what is considered the second best league in the world you're also drumming the guitar with
long hair like a rock starming the guitar with long hair,
like a rock star on the bench with everyone clapping along.
So that was pretty cool.
That's got to be memorable.
I also did notice checking his hockey DB.
That's why it's embarrassing.
I forgot if he was Canadian or American.
He has an insane run to where he's gotten.
He played in the OHL, I think.
Then he played like Canadian hockey biz,
which usually guys don't play pro after that,
like Canadian college.
Yeah.
And then he was in the coast, and then he just kept rising.
Now he's in the KHL, dude.
You're making good money in the KHL.
He's come from not doing a lot in some pretty shitty leagues
and grinded his way to now, after playing in Finland,
he had a big year, I saw.
Now he's in the KHL, and he's in the All-Star game.
So good for that guy.
He can not only play, but he can not only sing, he can also play.
Did you guys ever have teammates who would, like, play the guitar in the room
and make everybody listen to them?
Matt Lashoff.
I didn't play with him.
That's exactly the name I was thinking of.
He's got, like, albums and stuff.
He's legit.
He plays the guitar really well.
He sings really well.
And he's a fucking handsome fella, too.
So, shout out to Matt.
Well, Biz, you were in a music video yourself, right?
Oh, God.
Don't even start.
Which one?
Remember Glenn Patrick's kid, Curtis Patrick?
Yeah.
I've brought this up before, and I brought it up one time.
Buddy, it is like-
Everyone has to go, because I let it go by.
Everyone has to go on YouTube.
Starship loves-
No, no, no no no myspace
love ship myspace love ship worthy but no biz i actually think that if it's the the song i actually
like yeah patrick is talented yeah it is it's a banger of a song and then your dances yeah those
are a little cringeworthy but you're're shredded in them. You're shredded in them.
Shirt off in Wheeling, West Virginia, just crushing God knows what.
That song's fire.
Was that his girlfriend?
I had the worst kills in Buddy.
Who's the girl in the video?
Oh, that is  I forget the guy's name.
He was one of my teammates it was his girlfriend he she
was living there at the time that's how bored we were with our spare time in wheeling west virginia
so we ended up making that uh check it out i think bernie chimmel another kid from from
pittsburgh was in it too but ned's in it ned ned haven is in it that's the guy who has in it
the nice pass on the five on three that his first time ever on a five on three power play.
And then he turned around.
And you were chucking him.
I'm chucking him with Lane Manson.
Put one on the ladies' tees for you.
Okay, boys, I have a couple other things written down.
This one's a little weird.
Evgeny Malkin is wearing two different types of hockey gloves right now.
Oh, biz, I'm so happy you brought this up.
I saw the tweet it was because
dana tweeted it the equipment manager of the penguins i believe that's where i first saw it
and it's a ccm and a bauer correct he's wearing a ccm 15 inch ql and a bauer 14 inch uh 1s um so
yeah as you said real dana hines uh tweeted it out he he didn't even bother asking
him why uh i heard an even crazier one and and i texted shane known uh last night and i said who
was the guy on the coyotes wearing two different skates because he was a mental midget and and and
apparently it wasn't with uh the coyotes but it was gary roberts when he's
playing with boston robs did that yeah i mean i mean unless donor like maybe i texted him last
i didn't know did gary roberts ever play on boston i don't think gary roberts bro and i don't believe
so no maybe maybe there's a different one i don't know maybe maybe donors fucking with me now so now
i'm gonna get torched because of donor maybe but i was like i i wrote after i was
like come on really so gary roberts here let me look it up pj axelson wear two different skates
i don't know but i should have tried two different skates for christ's sake also you know what i
loved about the gino thing is like so many little kids these little puked 12 year olds skating
around looking at their gear wear and the glass that's all they care about is looking good like an nhl has shown you you can look like a complete clown in your equipment be
the best one of the best players in the world geo's obviously been struggling a little bit lately but
i mean let's be honest here you can't try to fucking claim that you need to look perfect
in all your gear if genny malkin has two different companies gloves on maybe maybe donor meant
gary roberts against boston i i don't know because i've looked up gary roberts db and he
didn't play with boss and well the reason the reason that i wouldn't i wouldn't doubt him is
because when i played with uh in pittsburgh with robs he had issues with his skate sometimes his
heel like wouldn't stay in the skate i remember him telling. And Bauer was trying all these different things for him.
So maybe that he actually was the guy
with issues. I'd love to have Rob's on this
podcast. I've mentioned before how when he
got traded to Pittsburgh,
everyone respected him
so much, was so scared of him because he's such a
savage. And he screamed at me. Didn't scream
at me, but gave me a
horrible look. A scathing look
when I was eating Fruit Lo loops for pre-game meal
so i'd love to have mom and talk about what is he's now turned into one of the top trainers in
the nhl so maybe we can get rob zone and talk about all this yeah um and and i had a couple
other things written down i had william kneelander boys one goal two assists in 19 games since he's
joined that team like hey i'm all for holding out i'm all for the boys getting paid but like holy
fucking shit.
If you fucking want to sit out and ask for that type of money,
I get that it's going to take probably two,
three weeks to get back up to speed.
20 games in here.
Yaroslav Halak has more points.
Yeah.
It's the Bruins' backup goalie.
I'm telling you right now, if right now with one still torn ACL
and the one that was repaired
that has a shit ton of scar tissue in it,
if you gave me a week to get back into things
with the amount of ice time that he plays in those games
and the guys he's on the ice with,
I could have more points than that.
Fucking win.
This is where I would actually do anything
if this could, I mean, it'll never happen, but you would not.
Dude, what are you talking about?
He gets to snap the thing around the power play.
That's like free assists.
That's true.
I guess I haven't even watched closely enough.
One goal and two assists.
That's so bad.
And you know what, though?
It's like almost guarantee it was going to happen.
When you hold out, it just seems like it's almost for sure your fate that you're not going to
play well.
One,
because it's impossible to like get back into the speed of the NHL when you
have,
when you've been skating with some team and like an Austria,
wherever he was.
And then the other thing is that you have all these expectations that already
like eight people are going to be looking out to get you and looking out to
chirp you.
And it's been a disaster for him.
He's minus nine.
Plus minus is kind of a weird stat, but nonetheless, boys.
Well, people are saying that he's getting a ton of chances
and that his numbers, the way Barzals were going to even out,
that Newlanders have to at some point.
And they really just need him to get hot for the last 30 games
to go into playoffs.
He's hot.
But at one point, I mean, he's practicing on the fourth line
I read this morning. we're recording on sunday so there's obviously some issue there with
what the fuck are you doing dude let's go yeah and and uh i don't know i'm not trying to be too
hard on the kid but i just think that that like those numbers at a certain point you got to call
it out i know a lot of people were like oh everyone's overreacting when he when he was
struggling like early but it's like okay well he's played a quarter of the season now.
When did the excuses stop?
So that team in general has been struggling a little bit lately.
And it should be interesting moving forward.
Because obviously with their expectations,
the media is just going nuts right now in Toronto.
We don't need to talk about it because a lot of you probably already have to hear that shit.
What's up, Whit?
I was just going to say, also neil ender came in remember the first day the press
conference the movie star looks the beard and i'm like you're just kind of like oh dude you're
setting yourself up for failure right here like you kind of want to maybe go in a little understated
hey guys i'm happy to be back he was walking in like jesus into the maple leafs locker room
uh ra another crazy stat i read on uh on twitter yesterday la kings have surrendered the first goal
in games 42 of their 49 games that is fucking crazy that is banana lance i actually uh i actually
got a coyote stat you know my boy bre Brendan Crossman, I bring up the stats guy
from the league. Let's hear it. He goes, hey, I got one biz of love. Clayton Keller became the
fastest Coyote ever to reach 100 career points, doing it in just 132 games. Only six players in
Coyote's Jets franchise history hit 100 points faster than Keller. They were all with Winnipeg also. Solani, Dale Howarchuk, Alexey Zhemnov, Dave Christian,
Morris Lukowich, and Pat Elniuk.
So, a little Coyote staff for you today.
Nice. Yeah, he just hit it the other night.
I think when he scored against the Penguins on the power play.
Very talented player.
He's going to be going to his first All-Star game.
I'll see if we can maybe get him for a quick interview.
And, R.A., what are your thoughts on that?
Actually, just going back to Nylander, man, you know,
one thing about him is the talent didn't go away.
As bad as it looks for him right now, I mean,
the kid's still got all that talent.
I think one game, like, you know, one fucking two-goal,
two-assist game will get him out of his funk.
This is a chick that's bumped, by the way.
Like, he's going to go on an absolute tear now and shove it
right up my ass.
Before we bring on Ken Huskins
and Jason Demers, there were a couple of suspensions
we didn't mention. One of them actually happened
right after we recorded last week. Montreal's
Paul Byron. Always reminds me of Tom
Byron, old school adult film star.
Paul Byron, three
games suspended. Unnecessary.
Come on, Tom Byron.
He looks like Robbie Fox.
Yeah, he has huge loads.
I love the way he's just splashing girls right in the face,
right in their eyelashes.
That's fucking aggressive.
Anyways, Paul Byron, three-game suspension for charging McKenzie Wiega.
Again, this broke just after we recorded the last show,
so he's already served a couple of those games.
The hit was Tuesday in Montreal.
We did leave the game.
He was placed on the I.I.
And he's also in the concussion protocol.
It was one of those hits.
Didn't look malicious.
Just was kind of shit timing more than anything.
But it resulted in an injury.
And Paul Byron got a three-game suspension.
The second suspension of note,
Nashville's Ryan Johansson was suspended two games
for his Keith Yandel and imitation. He high-sticked Winnipeg's Mark Shifleyansson was suspended two games for his keith yendall an imitation uh
he high stick winnipeg's mark shifley there was a puck battle in the corner he was just trying to
get a stick over you know in tight quarters he didn't do it intentionally but he did kind of
come down like a like a logger like a guy works in the what's it called a black what's the guy
works in the fucking mark lumberjack yeahjack. Lumberjack, yeah.
I can't even blame that.
Kind of a lumberjack slasher.
What did you first call him when he was coming down?
Like what?
A logger.
A logger.
A logger.
Wicked lot of farting.
Wicked lot of logging.
So, you know, Joe Hanson, no history.
He was basically irresponsible with the stick.
It wasn't anything malicious, but they gave him two games for that.
So a couple of suspensions.
Guys, any thoughts on those, or did you have any disagreements on them?
No, Byron actually sent out a tweet afterward just apologizing.
He said, that's not the type of player I am. And, I mean, it's nice.
Is it a little weird that players are going to have to start doing that?
Yeah, I mean, that's the, the, the, I guess 2019 and where we're at.
I mean,
I think a phone call to the guy might've been good enough,
but Hey,
nonetheless owning up to it as regarding the Johansson thing.
Yeah.
Johansson plays with a chip on his shoulder.
I mean,
obviously that one,
that one looks bad,
but Hey,
fucking don't serve your suspension and move on.
And those two teams are,
they're gearing up again for the second round matchup,
and Winnipeg owns them.
They really do.
They crushed them last year in Game 7 in Nashville.
The other night, they put a beating on them.
So, you know, Johansson, when they play Winnipeg,
they're getting ready for probably another series,
and they don't like each other.
So I think it was worthy of a suspension.
I don't think it was the end of the world. Yeah, yeah you know you don't want guys getting fucking hit in the head
with sticks the bottom line so there's gonna deal with georgie paros so without further ado we're
gonna go to our second interview with uh former nhl ken huskins and current nhl jason demers who
kind of uh air dropped in so let's go to those guys right now. This interview is brought to you by Herbal Active,
the 100 hemp-based CBD product. I've been talking about it for a while now. You guys know the Drill
Biz 20 promo code for 20 off. The guys have been using it. I've gotten a ton of positive responses.
Please even tweet or message me the way that it's benefited you. I use the balm, of course.
That's for sore muscles and joints.
Help me out when I herniated my disc in my back a few weeks ago.
I was in pretty rough shape there.
It just helps loosen up and take the inflammation out.
I take the drops.
Level 3 drops are the ones that I take.
They just help with mental clarity, anxiety.
I go through some tough bouts of depression,
just, you know, a couple days, you know, and then get out of it.
But it definitely helps out.
We all got our issues, guys.
Inflammation is the leading cause of disease.
So this stuff helps.
And yeah, Herbal Active, that's U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V. Message them on Twitter or Instagram for all the
questions you have about the product and what benefits it can give you. As I mentioned,
biz20 promo code for 20 off. Go to herbalactive.com to purchase. They have dog treats,
everything that you need as far as the 100 hemp-based CBD. And yeah, that's about it.
Thanks, guys.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the main event.
Today or tonight, or whenever the fuck you're listening to this,
we are very excited to have joining us an Arizona coyote, a desert dog.
Oh, oh, oh!
an Arizona coyote, a desert dog.
Oh, oh, oh!
Unfortunately, he's out for the season,
but very well-respected in the locker room.
Awesome character guy.
A glue guy, as Shane O'Brien would like to call him.
Jason Demers, welcome to the podcast.
First of all, I'm a fan of the show, but just want you to get your facts straight here.
I'll be back this season.
Hey, he's your radio guy.
Wow.
My own radio guy can't get it right.
Oh, I didn't know you and Nate Schmidt were sharing the same dietitian,
but we actually have a surprise for our guests.
You're going to kind of co-host with us because we're going to bring on one of your former teammates
and your first ever NHL D partner.
We're going to let you introduce him, a little surprise guest.
Yeah, surprise guest for the Chicklets listeners.
Not only my first NHL D partner, but my first
roommate in the NHL
other than a one-day stint with
Patty Marlow, which didn't go too
well. But, Kenneth
Huskivarna Huskins.
Welcome.
What's up?
Thanks, JD. Hey, Husky. How about
the fact that your best
overall stats, your 82 games, 22 points the years you're playing with JD. Hey, Husky. How about the fact that your best overall stats,
your 82 games, 22 points, the years you're playing with JD.
I'll figure it out.
No big deal.
Just carrying me.
Yeah, I'll tear it away, JD.
Thanks a lot, Mike.
I carried a lot of NHL defense in my career.
I'll reckon Larson and all that stuff.
You carried me, bud. Oh, yeah, I'll reckon Larson and all that stuff. You can't hear me, bud.
Oh, yeah, I'll suck that.
No, he was a great guy for me to have as my first year.
Kind of let me do what I want on the ice and just,
would just take all the hits for me and break the puck out
and I could just go play offense.
So I was lucky to have him.
And as a roommate, I always knew where he was going to be,
in the room, caving it up.
So I always lost every single room key I ever had
because I knew Husky was always there.
So I had to go back to the front desk.
Which one of you guys was paying the bill every time you checked out?
Well, usually him because he'd have the biggest room service charges and movie charges
i've ever seen in hl history i really lived it up in there but yeah jd got a couple but yeah it was
usually all my stuff so i'd be him on that oh so hey so you would not go out to eat with the boys
uh no no i kind of had the the art of the the cave uh perfected kind of down to a science
and uh yeah i don't know i just liked uh like the little me time there and
um all the boys would go out and i just get the recap when they came back and sometimes uh
when the boys would get back from dinner we'd have that kind of knock on the door and just about 10 or 12 boys would
come rushing in.
And we just have these battle Royals in the,
in the hotel,
usually like night before games.
So yeah,
those with the sharks.
He used to,
we,
if we,
if we ever went out one night,
I mean,
you know,
you know,
day off the next day, green light, you day green light there's nothing no other games or anything
like that but
he would not go to
sleep
he would not go to sleep until I got
back into the room because he knew
if I came in flying late
I'd just be swinging
so he'd just be sitting I'd come into the room the lights would all be off I could just be swinging. So he'd just be sitting. I'd come into the room.
The lights would all be off, and I could just see his beady little eyes,
and he'd just be holding the remote.
If you go to bed or I'm going to beat the wheels off you.
All right.
Well, one name I have to ask about involving this San Jose Sharks team
is Douglas Murray because this is a guy who everyone's told me nobody can drink like him,
nobody can party like him, nobody can wrestle him.
Was he a part of these battle royales?
Yeah, not really because he would, you know, he'd probably go too hard
and beat us, you know.
So no one really tempted him, though.
I used to go after the the weaker prey
like husky that's a good choice yeah well cranky was like 240 pounds and just yeah just a tank
rich shithouse and like yeah i think i was a better choice there but yeah this guy's a legend
man you guys gotta get him on he was like any any like  Any story you've heard of him is true, times two, probably.
Yes.
All the world.
This guy is everything and then some.
It would be like Saturday night, we'd be playing in San Jose,
and we'd be all kind of going out to the cars after the game,
and I think we'd have a limo waiting for him to go up to uh san fran for the
night just live it out for like two days until practice monday morning and just come out and
still like he's one of those guys that could do it and then just still like he was just a player
man and still like be as good as ever in practice husky don't lie to us don't lie to us were you
sticking back were you sticking back from dinner so you could fucking bust a few
in your belly button and get away from the boys?
No, no, no.
On ammo, too.
You didn't know what was going on?
No.
He was a heavy breather.
That's all I know.
Doug Murray would have the party bus after,
if we had a couple days in between games in San Jose,
and just pick him up right at his apartment,
and we'd all just jump in and right down to San Francisco
for a night out with Dougie.
But the craziest thing, too, is one of the smartest human beings
I've ever played with, too.
Such an intelligent Ivy Leaguer.
For sure, yeah.
He could walk that line.
Is that why he's known as a Scrabble champion?
Is he?
Ken Huskins is a Scrabble champion, yes.
Thank you for clarifying that, JD.
He's the only person that's ever beat me in Scrabble.
We're going off the rails a little.
Do you play words with friends all day now, Husky?
No, man.
We got two kids in this business here, so we're kind of no time for that anymore.
What is it?
We're tired.
Oh, boys, I need the chiclets bunk here for Huskins Coffee.
Oh!
Yeah, come on.
Huskins Coffee.
Well, give us the background here.
Give us the background.
Start from scratch.
This is actually how this all got started because I saw you guys outside
of the hotel in Anaheim.
Yeah, I've been there.
And JD was actually going to check out your new coffee shop
so let's let's hear how it all started oh nice yeah so we I finished up playing uh
a few years ago that year we played you guys in the Calder Cup finals there
there's with uh I guess not Ontario but whoever it was, Manchester. Show a little respect, man.
Fucking Manchester Monarchs.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Calder Cup champions.
But yeah, so that was my last season.
And then after that year, you're kind of trying to figure out what to do next.
And I'd always had this thing where I wanted to try and start a business
and just take some time when I got done playing and figure out what.
And just kind of at the same time,
my last few years started getting into coffee more and more. And then once I got done playing,
I kind of took it to another level and started learning more about it.
And we were going around orange County here and there's you know,
some good spots here, but we were finding it was always like a 30, 45 minute drive.
And we're just kind of talking with my wife and decided to kind of give it a
go. And we had a friend with a retail space and a condo building.
And yeah, we just decided, you know,
we'd never had any experience in food or you know,
still learning the ropes in coffee,
but just decided to kind of go for it.
So we've been open about five months now, and, yeah, it's doing well.
We're still kind of getting things dialed in business-wise,
but we've got good people running it, so the coffee is really, really good.
All the other stuff of running a food business
is getting a lot of on-the-job training,
kind of just jumping in the deep end, sink or swim.
So it's been stressful, but it's been good.
You're not only the owner,
but you're the only barista that has a Stanley Cup ring?
He's a barista, too.
You're like, fuck Starbucks, come on down to Huskins Coffee. I'll mix your coffee with my ring. He's a barista, too. You're like, fuck Starbucks, come on down to
Huskins Coffee. I'll mix
your coffee with my ring.
Seriously, that's a
good promo. We got to get that going.
You're at Clarkson, boy. Did you
graduate? Did you play all four years?
Yeah, yeah. I wasn't good enough
to come out early, so I
ended up playing. I had a good
year of my senior year year so i was lucky
enough to sign after that but yeah i stuck uh stuck around all four years and yeah it was a
great great college experience there and um had a good time yeah i got a degree in business
administration which is kind of the the backing of having that that that thought. And I mean, I never knew how long I was going to play pro.
It looked,
wasn't looking so hot.
A few years,
but you want to know how to make enemies for our listeners.
Talk about your college degrees.
Oh,
Jesus.
What else?
Probably college degrees.
We'll put this on before bed.
Fucking melatonin.
And I'm JD. You want to talk about your degrees? They'll put this on before bed. A little fucking melatonin in them.
JD, you want to talk about your degrees?
Yeah, a couple.
DeVry and University of Phoenix.
Oh, shit.
School of hard knocks. Both online institutions that it's pretty easy to get in
and it's a couple
like what are they like art degree
English
just things like that
yeah just the basics
well rounded
is it true
from personal experience I would say yes
they call it man Jose
for a reason.
There are just no single ladies cruising around.
I mean, it's still one of the biggest cities in California,
and San Francisco is  I mean, you honestly have to search a little bit.
It biz acts like he wouldn't find something if he was there, by the way. Yeah, I mean, you have to  honestly, you have to search a little bit. Hey, Biz acts like he wouldn't find something if he was there, by the way.
Yeah, I mean, Biz.
Biz, go ahead.
You're rolling us on the road.
No, you would  San Jose is San Jose.
It's still a hockey town, I think.
So it's like you find them or they find you, but it's
No, it was good.
I had a good time. No complaints.
Who was the ladies, man?
Oh, who was like the guy where he just like walk into a bar?
I could imagine Murray was cause that guy would just like slam drinks, like a, like a cave animal.
Well, he was, he would dance with every chick in the bar,
like great, great dancer.
But probably, yeah.
Guys that walked in, not necessarily, like,
even guys that were in a relationship
or just walked into a bar and, like, chicks would look at him
and, like, be like, oh, my God.
It was the only guy that I played with, like,
you guys call it man rocket, was Jay Leach. It was the only guy that I played with. Like, you guys call it man rocket? It was Jay Leach.
It was an absolute.
I fought him.
He's in Montreal.
Where's he coaching?
Is he coaching Wilkes-Barre?
Somewhere.
Yeah, I think he might be, actually.
Good for the stat checker.
Very good.
Hey, Husky, I I gotta ask you about a guy
because I was in Anaheim after you
how about
prongs dude like
explaining Chris Pronger to people
the off ice Pronger
when he's just in a
yeah he was just like
the moment he came into the ring
he was just like
kept everyone in check.
Trainers, even the coaching staff sometimes, all the guys,
especially the young guys.
That was kind of, I don't know if it was the end of that era,
where it was just young guys coming in.
It was all front seat of the bus and mind your P's and Q's.
And yeah, I sat next to him in the dresser.
I mean, he was just priceless, man.
Just, yeah, keeping everyone in check.
He'd get in there and I wasn't allowed to have like any part of like my
equipment or clothes or tape, like cross the threshold into his stall.
Or like he was just super territorial
and he'd just lay out and he'd kind of have the wall street journal and and just like stretch out
in the dressing room and just yeah chirping guys from the moment he got into the rink till he left
yeah he's a legend man he was awesome well so jd i'll ask you this i mean you go into uh
i mean you go into san j, a little bit different leadership there.
You got Joe and Marlo.
Are they a little bit more laid back than Prongs?
Oh, God.
Probably off ice, yeah.
But on ice, like, I've never been more scared in my life to miss a pass
than playing on that team ever, any other team.
I've never  and I love all those guys, but Jumbo said some things to me
where it's like if you told a young kid nowadays, they'd fold in half.
Hey, J.D., Chloe told me  Ryan Clove was telling me like,
oh, Joe will give it to guys if they have a bad first period.
Like, you fucking better pick it up to theirs. Like, right? Didn't he just give it to guys if they have a bad first period. Like, you fucking better pick up the bears.
Like, right?
Didn't he just give it to guys?
He came by me.
He came by me.
We were playing, like, Florida.
I got a bunch of them.
I got a bunch of them.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We were in Florida.
I was, like, dash two, get to face off in the D zone.
I'm like, hey, Jumbo, like, what do you want to run?
Like, a reverse? And he's uh, what do you want to run? Like a reverse.
And he's like,
you think you can handle that?
And I was like,
uh,
yeah.
And there's a show with Thornton.
And he's like,
he's like,
you look like a fucking AHL defense.
And he's like,
you're probably get sent down after this game today.
So he's like,
yeah,
just run whatever.
And I was just like,
go white,
white face, going back to the
bench. Just rim it out
rest of the game.
Panic.
Oh, panic.
It's hilarious.
Then after the game, he'll grab me and be like, I love you, bud.
I love you.
I had to get you going, bud. I had to get you going
out there. Yeah, like, what the fuck?
It's like, are you serious you going, bud. I had to get you going out there. Yeah, like, what the fuck? It's like, are you serious?
Hey, JD.
He's like, hey, great job tonight, buddy.
Oh, yeah, here's the number of therapists that you can see for me
insulting you tomorrow.
I've actually already booked you.
Oh, my God.
I didn't sleep for two years.
I sent all my clients to this guy.
He helps out a lot.
years. I send all my clients to this guy.
He helps out a lot.
Best one biz was we had just
traded for Winnick
and Gagliardi
and it had been like
six, seven games. We were kind of on a losing streak
and for
whatever reason, the guys were, I think
Winnick was like minus
something and he hadn't
scored and we were all playing bad.
So we're in the room, and we're just all getting dressed.
It's quiet.
And then Jumbo's like, I don't know if Pusky remembers.
I don't know if Pusky was there, but Jumbo's just like, hey, Dan,
what are you, like minus five or six?
And Dan's like, yeah.
And he's like, oh, so he was just wondering why we traded for you.
And I was like, the whole room was like, Joe, you can't say that.
And he's just sitting there tying his skates before he goes on the ice.
And the future Hall of Famer is just like, and then he just starts giggling.
And the future Hall of Famer is like, literally says that to you.
And you're just like, I want to quit hockey.
Yeah, and he's so good too.
Like, what the hell are you going to say to him?
He's just.
You can't be like, fuck you.
Because you just like, you just got to sit there and take it.
Husky, did Joe ever get you?
He was pretty easy on me.
I mean, he was kind of gave me a couple of like,
they called me Vern up there. and he would just, like,
say bye a couple of times and be like, fuck, come on, Vern.
Fuck, let's get going.
Like, just kind of stuff like that, but never to the extent that,
I mean, he was pretty, you'd give it to the younger guys,
especially the guys who, yeah, he knew he could take it.
Like, JD's got thick skin.
What about the events?
He was on McGinn.
Because I can imagine him and another older guy going at it,
maybe if he chirps the wrong guy, a little sensitive, like Danny Heatley.
Was he a sensitive guy?
No, he could take it.
But Husky, do you remember the one with Chloe?
Were you there for that?
Chloe told me about that.
You came right back to him.
the one with Chloe? Were you there for that?
Chloe told me about that. You gave it right back to him.
When Boiler broke his nose.
It was like end of the period.
Chloe took a penalty.
And we all get back in the room
and I think the coach walked through the room
and was like, come on boys, let's kill this off
for Chloe. And it was like, I think it was like
a slasher or something. And Chloe's
in the change room all mad. He'd get fired up up and then Jumbo's just in the room he just goes like like fuck him
that was a selfish penalty go fuck himself and then it just kind of goes quiet now I hear Chloe
what the fuck you say comes like running down the hallway into the room to get a Jumbo and then
Boiler's like behind him, jumps on his back.
They both slip.
Chloe elbows Boiler in the nose, but actually breaks his nose.
Boiler misses the rest of the game.
This is a fucking shit show.
So Chloe told me that story.
I was on a golf trip with him.
Like this is five, six years ago now.
And we're sitting around like Dan Cleary's there.
I think Teddy Purcell was there.
And, you know, they're new.
He's just like Chloe.
So he's telling the story.
He's like, yeah, you know me, the wires crossed.
And then like he looks at Bear and Teddy and they're both like nodding like,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, like it makes perfect sense.
We know your wires crossed.
All of a sudden, next thing you know,
Boyle's got a broken nose.
He was fucking great when he'd snap.
Him and Jumbo would snap on each other.
It'd be great.
Hey, who are some other clowns on that team
who you had good stories about?
I mean, you guys play with some other legends.
Like, Rob Blake was still there when you guys broke in.
Was he really?
I mean, that's got to be a mentor for you guys.
I had caught  yeah, we had that  those couple years, we had Rob Blake,
we had Claude Lemieux that made his comeback from the minors
and then played the end of the year.
But, yeah, Blake, he was the godfather, man.
That's probably the coolest guy I've ever played with.
Just all-around cool, perfect human being.
Like, it's just incredible.
You couldn't find anything out of place with him it's just like it's nuts i don't know husky it's it's right right right husky
yeah dude he was like yeah he was just uh just had that aura about him like as a defenseman
where yeah i mean he was just just cool as uh as can be all the time you know he
you love to surf and shit he was just just mellow and then he'd just go out and lay those
hip checks in the guys still like in in uh in those years in san jose he was still
still getting it done at a high level and you know he'd still have some
some uh some giggles on the bench. I know him and his,
him and his wife did the old, uh,
ring the doorbell and, and, and dash on my wife and I, a couple of nights and, um, and say,
Rob's Blake's wife was in on it too.
Yeah. I think they were out there and they did it like three nights in a row.
And I was kind of like starting to get pissed off that it was like neighborhood kids.
So I came flying out one night.
They did it at like midnight.
And I was in my underwear.
And my wife and I had a one-story house.
And I put a hockey stick by the door.
I was like, the next time these fuckers do this, I'm going to chase them down.
And so it was like oh man like midnight yeah
we got the doorbell so i took off in my tighty whities and grabbed the hockey stick and
took off in the neighborhood to front try and find the kids and there's blakey and his wife just
sitting behind the car kind of giggling at us but uh yeah he was a he was a great dude to play with and uh yeah man just all around great
guy so it went from scare tactics with jeremy ronick to uh playing nicky nicky nine door so
you guys toned it down a little bit i don't know if you guys were there when that all went down but
have you guys heard that story yeah i came into training i lived with mitchell and setaguchi so
i came into the i came into training camp
and he was all had used bandaged up on the bike i was like what happened to this guy
and then the story was kind of going around and then i heard it from jr
and it was just like he got in so much shit oh my god oh oh so jr got like a big peepee whack for
that well i just like got called in. He was like,
oh.
Yeah.
Apparently, I don't know
because JR was on. Apparently, they were supposed to
reset and do it
to two other guys on the team.
It's just they canceled it. They're supposed
to get Boiler and Chloe or something.
Imagine if JR Mitch is bleeding and Sedo's just freaking out
and JR's like, all right, we got to clean this up.
We're getting Chloe and Boiler in, like, two hours.
Yeah.
Imagine Chloe in there.
He'd probably just
Yeah, he would have smashed everybody.
Those two are the perfect guys.
And did they  those two got into a fight after that
after they stopped them, after
he's running next to Wayne Newton's horses.
Oh yeah,
that was a nice little cherry on top at the
end of the story.
They both get into a fight
at the end because Mitchie left
Seto.
And Mitchie's like, fuck you, every man
for himself.
Hey JD, you end up going on to Dallas
after that what was that like
playing there
that was great I had a great
group of guys too I had a bunch
of great veterans
you know
Vern Fidler even though he
fucked me over there but
Eric Cole.
How?
Um,
well,
it's pretty much,
so we were in,
uh,
well,
it was like my,
probably five,
six games into being in Dallas.
And we went on a road trip to Toronto.
And,
uh,
I think most guys in the league know this now,
but,
uh,
and we're on the plane, and you heard this one?
Yeah.
It's fucking the most veteran move ever.
So we're sitting on the plane, and everybody's kind of asleep.
It's like 11.30 in the morning.
Oh, close to 12, but not quite 12.
And I don't sleep ever on planes, so I'm just kind of sitting there.
And Fitz is, like,
right behind me,
and he's like,
hey, man, like,
he's like,
you want to, like,
we're just, you know,
play crib on your phone?
He's like,
do you want to have a beer?
And I was like,
I was like,
you know,
first two weeks
in with Dallas,
I kind of want to make
a good impression
on the old guys,
so I'm just like,
yeah, sure,
I'll have a beer with you,
like, whatever.
Just one beer. 11. 30 in the morning so i'm like okay like i'll say yeah so this flight attendant walks past
the coaching staff grabs two beers and this is we have lindy ruff as their coach um and she comes
walking by like basically like drying them off in front of him
like like throwing the water everywhere she walked him all the way back to us gives us the two beers
and then while this is all going on lindy ruff's kind of like what the like what's going on
so she gets back and he goes he goes what what where'd you give those beers to and she's like
i got two of the players and And he's like, what aisle?
So she gives my aisle.
I literally crack the beer.
I literally look back at Fiddler.
His light's on.
He's like cracking his beer too.
I look up.
Lindy Ruff is flying down the aisle.
I literally look back at Fiddler.
He's asleep.
Lights off. Dead asleep. I I look back Lindy Rouse
right on top of me
and now
I'm like can't I'm just
stuck just literally looked like I ordered
a beer and then for the rest of the year
it was just
I couldn't I if I
had a one bad shift it'd be oh you're
out drinking again last night
or some shit like that so it's just a fuck it
did you eventually go up to him
and say hey listen we gotta have a conversation
I gotta tell you how this all went down
or did that never come
you don't want to rattle your teammate right
what a guy JD
stitches get stitches man
but
Fid tells you the next day
I'll go talk to him at
morning skate
something like Fid
he's like you gotta help me out here
he's like
he thinks I'm like
I'm drunk
and he's just like
I'll go talk to him
in the morning skate
so I'm literally watching him
and Lindy Ruff
talking
as they're skating laps
and they're both laughing
so I'm like he's
there's no fucking way
he's talking to
he's talking to Lindy
about like being like hey I ordered it too he's probably fucking way he's talking to Lindy about being like,
hey, I ordered it too.
He's probably like, yeah, I tried to stop him.
And he just fucking
Yeah, his kid got issues.
He just wouldn't stop drinking.
Yeah.
His kid's like, yeah.
I was just fucking  so every time I see him, I bring that up.
Oh, he's a good guy though.
Hey, Ken, I'm wondering. I see you finished in utica right kind of a tough
place uh but how did you how did you know it was time like what you're just like all right i've had
enough or did you want to keep playing when when did you realize it was time to shutter
yeah i think probably um at that point you kind of you're hoping for like one last
one last chance so you did that a couple times and then you lose the business you're like yeah
we're done let's shut this yeah i don't know i think you kind of realized yeah as that season
was winding down that was probably going to be it. And that's a hard thing to,
it's a hard realization to come to because you want to keep playing and looking back, you know, I know there was probably,
obviously no chance of getting back to the NHL, but that's a hard,
hard thing to kind of come to grips with. And, but yeah,
I think I knew, knew the writing was on the wall about,
after training camp that year, I knew that was probably going to be the last year. And, but yeah, I think I knew the writing was on the wall about after training camp that year.
I knew that was probably going to be the last year.
But, yeah, I mean, like I say, I always felt like it was kind of my career was on life support
more than one time.
So I got to play for a long time.
I mean, my fourth year, I was a healthy scratch in the A
for like the first half of the entire season.
And I was already starting to crack the business books out there
and thought I was done.
And then I ended up getting my first game like five and a half years
into my pro career.
I got my first NHL game.
And then later that year, we went on
to win the Cup.
After
some good timing
there.
I don't know.
I was never
an offensive guy.
I wasn't a big fighter.
I was just kind of a steady.
You were never comfortable.
Yeah, I always felt it could be my last year playing
or my last year in the NHL while I was up.
So, yeah, I feel pretty fortunate I got to play as long as I did,
never being like, you know, not having the greatest shot,
not like, yeah, like I say.
You're basically saying like I sucked, but I played in the NHL for a long time.
Is that what you're saying?
No, I'm terrible.
Yeah, I mean, I got, I fought enough and like, you know,
I was just kind of a stay at home guy and a good team guy
and just kind of managed to stick around until obviously that
cup year was kind of right place right time kind of worked for that break and and from there uh
had a couple of good years in the nhl and um and then yeah just kind of that kind of uh trailed
off into the the minors and then but yeah i mean, looking back, I'm pretty happy with how it turned out.
Sounds like you should have started a Twitter account.
Yeah, seriously.
You could have made a couple fucking bucks and had something to do
after your career like me.
Yeah, yeah.
I should have followed in your footsteps there.
Other than going after Starbucks.
Anyway, before we go, we we got to mention the Coyotes,
because if one, if I don't, I'll probably get canned,
which is going to happen anyway.
And just, I mean, come on.
What an organization.
What a bunch of guys.
You guys got an unbelievable locker room.
Just talk about your experience with the Yotes so far.
I mean, it's, you know, I didn't quite know what I was getting into,
but it's been great, like, the kind of turnaround that there's been
the last couple of years, you know, two, three years.
And the young guys they brought in have been, you know, really good.
And all the veterans that are in place, you know, that they brought are just
it's been a good  I like where it's trending.
You know, having guys like Richardson and Jarmelson and OEL,
and it's just a good group and a good mix.
And even our young guys are, you know them all, Biz.
They're all good kids.
They're hilarious.
I mean, it's just a little different.
They don't talk.
None of the young guys talk anymore.
When I was a young guy, the vets wanted, like, the stories.
They're like, okay, what happened?
Oh, we haven't gotten a story, and we haven't had a decent story.
I think the only one that really would have had some good ones is when he was
single, he's in a relationship now, but it's Christian Fisher.
But, you know, the rest of them, they're either tight-lipped
or they're not doing anything, which I guess is a good thing.
But at the same time, I haven't heard anything yet.
We get on them here and there.
Same thing.
When I was playing in Ontario to finish my career, I was like,
at one point in the season, I'm like, guys, I don't even care
if you make one up tomorrow.
Somebody better bring a story to the rink,
or I'm going to fucking make sure Stetsi, Begskeets, all of you guys,
and that's final.
Jumbo needed a good story from us at least once a week.
Yeah, you have to live through the young guys when you get a little older.
If the young guys aren't giving you anything, what are they good for?
I guess what they're good for is scoring and being the best players now.
But in my eyes, I need a story.
I need a story, yeah.
So I'll give you something there.
Hey, boys, thank you so much.
JD, feel better, dude.
Get better.
Your fucking radio guy doesn't even know you're going to be back soon.
So good luck with that.
Yeah, I guess I'm out for three years.
Dude, everyone check out Huskins Coffee Company, East First Street,
Santa Ana, California.
Go get a latte.
Go get a latte from a barista with a cup ring.
So thank you, fellas.
Thanks a lot, boys.
Appreciate it.
Best maple latte.
Big thank you to Jason Demers for coming on with Kent Huskins.
We didn't know Huskins that well.
The reason we had Demers on is because they had such a great relationship
when they played together,
and Demers was going to be able to drag the stories uh out uh pretty funny how they used to you know go in and and all gang
beat them when when they got back to the hotel because ken huskins wouldn't uh he wouldn't go
out for the team to eat some guys some guys don't like going out on the road to eat which is odd
because like you know me yans and a crew that we had in arizona like if if i would have said hey
yans no i'm getting room service.
He would have had me traded.
He's like,
I mean,
well,
I mean,
you guys know that.
Cause he made me fucking gear down.
Even if I was already showered up and had my suit on and I have to go back
to the shower with him.
This guy gets separation anxiety from his teammates anywhere he goes.
So,
um,
some fun stories there.
Hopefully you guys enjoyed.
And,
we're going to try to actually pop by Ken Huskin's coffee shop
when we're out in California and film a little content piece.
Because you mentioned you could go and get a coffee from a barista
who has a Stanley Cup ring, which is probably
probably wouldn't happen anywhere else in the world.
The only barista in the world that mixes the lattes with a cup ring.
Guys, while we're in LA here,
when we go to San Jose,
we're going to be looking for a bar to drink at with New Amsterdam.
So tweet us
some bars, tweet us, Instagram,
DM us, send us anything.
We're looking for a place to drink at before the
All-Star game and to hang with the
fans and do all that kind of stuff.
So yeah, it's going to be a meet and greet, similar
like we did in Chicago. We're not going to do a live show just because we have so many interviews planned
with players, whether they're current or former.
We're going to have a few fun people joining us on the trip.
I don't know if you guys want to get into details of that.
Now, moving along, I have a really big issue with Uber, boys.
So I get an Uber after I land the other night for my flight
and he's he's about to pull up and i'm just getting my luggage so i'm like yep my luggage
is coming out right now i'm gonna head out and then i get a text from the guy and he goes can
you cancel the trip i have an emergency so i i call him i'm like yeah i'm like yeah of course
like if you have an emergency go ahead but like i don't want to cancel it because i'm gonna get charged well he ends up canceling the trip i get
fucking dinged 12 for him canceling the trip and me never getting a fucking ride how the fuck does
that work 12 bucks 11 90 i think it was and i and i it's still in my in my uh my your trips part of
the uber app and i i tried to like, rifle through it to, like, complain about it
because, like, sometimes, you know, there's a cancellation fee for 5
and you're like, hey, we never even linked up.
They'll remove it.
But I can't even get to it.
So I'm like, I mean, maybe somebody listening works for Uber.
I'm fucking pissed.
I'm a principal guy.
So here it is right here.
Sorry. What's your rating rating i don't know how do you find your rating out i'm gonna go to the app
right now because mine's not great i think i'm like a four six i just don't want them to talk
just don't talk like just don't talk to me you know sometimes sometimes people are really nice
but i don't want to talk like i just don't. It's not my fault.
Maybe if I'm going to talk, I'm a 4.54.
That is not good.
I'm a 4.1.
Oh, my God.
Oh, Grinnelli, buddy.
Grinnelli might whip them from the backseat if he's a 4.1.
I kind of want to know my Uber rating now.
I just still take the yellow cabs.
I want to stick to the roots of Boston.
I don't have an Uber account.
No, fuck that.
I have Uber and Lyft.
No, the worst is when they're following the route in the car,
and I'm like, buddy.
Where are you going?
That's going the wrong way.
Oh, Waze is telling me.
I'm like, buddy, I've been driving the city for 30 fucking years.
I'm telling you, that's the wrong way to go.
Boys, I'm 4.8.
I don't have that bad of a rating.
Don't fucking argue with me all day.
Yeah, because I see you getting on there and just talking about everything.
I love talking to Uber drivers. Yeah, see, I don't. I all day. Yeah, because I see you getting on there and just talking about everything. I love talking to Uber drivers.
Yeah, see, I don't.
Yeah, well.
Well, either way, I have had issues before where they kind of give you money back quick.
If you're like, hey, that trip was a nightmare, blah, blah.
They'll reimburse you.
So I'm pretty sure you'll get your 12 back so you can sleep at night.
Fuck you. I'm a principal guy. The guy canceled back so you can sleep at night fuck you i'm a
principal guy the guy canceled the trip because he had an emergency i'm totally cool with that
like i'll get another uber but but that's a bush league move a few other things i had jotted down
uh i've got some people on twitter were asking us to mention that hayley gabranson fight
obviously there was a history because petterson got hit. So when they met up back in Vancouver,
they had a pretty spirited bout.
The game got even chippier as it was winding down
because Vancouver was kind of running away with it.
So if you guys want to watch a good tilt,
Haley's just a little pit bull.
Gabranson's a fucking mutant, so handsome fella too.
So check that one out.
Some other people messaged us about anaheim's
trades we recorded and there was only one trade that had been made at that point right after we
got off on the on the wednesday i think it was all of a sudden anaheim popped off with all these
trades nothing nothing that significant all right you can go go through them after i'm done here
yep but uh you know just to try to shape things up, I mean, 12 losses in a row,
and what do you have to say about that, R.A.?
Yeah, I just want to get people up to speed on the trades,
the significant trades that did happen since our last episode.
Minnesota acquired Pontus Aberg from Anaheim for forward Justin Kloos,
who was a college undrafted free agent that Minnesota had signed last year.
The biggest deal was probably Minnesota sending forward Nino Niederreiter
to Carolina for forward Victor Rask.
Canes, you know, getting a solid 20 to 25 goal scorer in Niederreiter.
Victor Rask, about a 15, 20 goal scorer.
He could probably bump that up.
Could be a nice value player for 4 million a year.
In addition to Kloos, the Ducks also acquired defenseman Michael Delzotto
from Vancouver for defenseman Luke Shen in the
seventh rounder, probably more of an organizational
depth move there
so yeah, Anaheim shaking things
up, they have won two in a row after losing
12 in a row, so maybe
GM Bob Murray's getting the desired results
already. Yeah, good point
a couple other things I had written down
here too, boys, I talked to
Jeff Carter and he thought that Kovalchuk would be a had written down here too. Boys, I talked to Jeff Carter,
and he thought that Kovalchuk would be a great guest on the podcast.
Oh, I'd love to talk to Kovie.
So I asked him.
I said, yeah, ask him.
He goes, for sure.
So he texts me back.
He goes, yeah.
He goes, Kovalchuk's not crazy about you guys bashing the KHL in Russia.
I knew it.
I knew it.
He's not happy.
I know he's a  which is fair, but, I mean, hey,
do we say anything that's not accurate?
Yeah, I think if we had him
on, I'd be able to be like,
we're just fucking...
Chicken that wasn't wrapped in packaging
at the grocery store. We'd bash the NHL
too. Yeah. Well, either way,
I mean, I guess we've been kind of hard on Russia.
But it's all in good fun. It's all great
memories. It's all
great stories.
Maybe we could do a two interview... Oh, fuck. Shut up, Biz. but it's all in good fun. It's all great memories. It's all great stories.
Maybe, maybe we could do a,
a two interview or a fuck.
I shut up this.
All right.
I don't even know what I was going to wrap this.
You guys,
you guys got to hop on planes.
Uh,
I got to get my bets in anything else.
You had list and dad boys.
Yeah.
A couple of quick notes.
Um,
took a rascal out of concussion Saturday night.
He got,
uh,
running too hard by, uh, Phillip. Was it title title? a concussion Saturday night. He got run in too hard by Philip, was it, Chytle?
I know he's pronounced it.
I think it's Hy-tle.
Hy-tle.
He scored a goal, and he got hit at the same time by McAvoy.
Really hit Rask hard, so hopefully he's all right.
Another thing, too, Terry O'Reilly, Tasmanian Devil,
wearing spit and chiclets gear at the Bruins game,
was on the Jumbotron.
I'm not a parent, but I can imagine this is what a proud parent feels like when one of your favorite players ever is wearing a fucking logo that you designed.
It was probably the coolest thing that's happened to me for a while.
So awesome.
Shout out to Terry O'Reilly.
And a quick gambling corner.
I'll be real quick with it.
Went two and one.
Two and one on my picks from the last show, plus two units.
A couple of quick ones this time.
San Jose at Florida Monday night, take the Sharks
on the money line for a unit. If James
Rymus starts for Florida, add a half
unit on the puck line. And the Islanders
are in Chicago Tuesday night. Take
the Islanders on the money line for a unit.
So, quick one. That's all I got.
What do you got? Any final notes, boys?
I was kind of
reading Twitter while you were going through that
because obviously I'm not a gambler.
Uh,
two things I'd like to know how you've been doing just overall this season.
It seems as if though,
every time we talk,
you're like,
you're in the positive.
Uh,
and who do you guys,
I mean,
who do you guys got for the game?
What's the spread today for the pads?
I'd be,
I'd potentially be interested in gambling on that one.
Maybe 50 bucks.
Maybe if I get the 1130 back from Uber,
I'll throw that on the,
on the back.
This is like,
I'll put 1150 on the game.
Cause I already considered it lost from Uber.
So I don't mind if I actually lose to a bookie.
The guy's like 11,
11,000.
No,
no.
11.
Guys,
I'm going to put all that money.
I'm up on the patch today.
Oh,
I don't like that.
I I'm just,
this is what I'm saying.
The funny thing is people hear this, it'll be
over. If they win, I won't be
surprised. If they lose, I won't
be surprised. This is the type of game, I don't know.
It's just they're on the road against a really
good offense. Their D hasn't been great,
but I'm never going to bet against Brady, and I'm
obviously going to hammer the Pats because I want
to be even more happy if they win because I win a
bunch of money.
And just to answer your question, the Kansas City Chiefs are a three-point favorite.
The over-under is 56.5, 57, roughly, depending on which shop you use.
The Saints are also a three-point favorite, same total, 57.
I took the Pats on the money line, didn't take the points.
They're plus 130 on the money line.
You basically got to win the game.
Did you get them on the puck line?
No, not quite on the money line. You basically got to win the game. Did you get them on the puck line? No, not quite on the
puck line yet.
As far as my winnings this year,
my winnings,
I should call them my losses, they're way different than
the picks I give on the show. Picks I give on the
show are just two or three picks from
those few days. That doesn't include the
fucking 15 other degenerate
picks I throw in at the last second.
So I'm losing on the end.
Did you see that cover from Virginia against Duke yesterday or Sunday?
Saturday, all right?
College hoops, yeah.
Oh, my God.
Because Duke was up four, and they were three-and-a-half-point favorites, right?
And Virginia has the ball with, like, four seconds left.
And they go down, and the guy tries to make a move, almost falls guy gets it and just like at the end nobody near him game's over doesn't
matter just hits this buzzer beater to lose by two and virginia covered oh fuck just a horrific
basketball is the craziest swings yeah big time during the tournament um all right i will say i
do get a kick out of watching your your puck lines uh your your puck
line jesus things at the end of games when you throw them on instagram live i either the comments
are even better like yeah just fucking telling you you're degenerate and and chirping you and
you kind of fire back sometimes too and uh so keep those up buddy you're a content guy now
thanks man yeah it's those are fun people seem to like them i don't even really read the questions
because obviously i'm watching the game trying
to give my distorted play-by-play, but I love
it. Everyone thinks I'm either
shit-faced, coked out of my mind
or stoned to the bejesus. So they're
right on the money.
Did anyone say
all three and they win bingo?
Center free, center square.
I get a lot of comments
that wait, I'm fucked up for you when they see me. I'm'm like maybe I just always kind of look a little banged up
I mean I guess that's not a bad thing yeah I'm you know
generally not much more than a little baked when I make those you know if I was on the toot forget about it
well on that note boys we should probably wrap up
we're very excited to go to the all-star game we're going to Los Angeles for three days to bank
some interviews and some content
as well as, of course, San Jose.
I will be chopping
up that Avery, the day
I spent with Sean Avery soon. I've just
been so busy. There's been a lot of stuff that we've
had to do. So we're going to be
launching a YouTube channel
after this All-Star break,
and we're going to be pumping out all of our
content. We're going to continue to try to provide more content for you guys,
especially over the summertime when there's no hockey.
So we appreciate all the love and support.
We love you guys.
And, yeah, that's about it.
Have a great week, everybody. On a dark desert highway, cool wind in my hair.
Warm smell of colitas rising up through the air.
Up ahead in the distance, I saw a shimmering light.
My head grew heavy in the sight of it.
