Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. California, no sound of party
California, no sound of party
In the city of Berlin 44, Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka. Coming to you live from whatever Pacific Coast highway this is in Malibu, California.
Let's say hello.
We got a big crew today.
Whit Dog, what's going on, buddy?
Ryan Whitney.
How are you guys?
How are you?
I'm on the back of the bus here.
We're going to actually talk a little louder, right?
Are we good, Grinnelly?
How's that?
All right.
Perfect.
All good.
And to the left of Mr. Whitney is our old friend of the program, Teddy Purcell.
Thanks, R.A., for bringing me into the show out left in California.
It's been a blast so far, and to your left is the one and only Bugsy Malone.
What's up there, Bugsy?
I'm having a great time, R.A.
I love your speaker voice right now.
You got us going.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'm getting my full wink Martindale on.
And to your left is the one and only Bears N what's up paul bissonette oh this has been a fun trip so far boys and um for those
of you listening we're not going to do an interview per se in this episode but we will have some
brilliant hockey minds and teddy purcell and about half of real genius from real genius hockey talk
and uh that's what you're going to be getting on this
All-Star Week. Yeah.
We've yet to name it as of
right now when we're recording, and we're going to
have Brett name off some of the names that have been
sent in to us. So, R.A.,
why don't you kick us off? Yeah, I like
hashtag ChickletsGoWest, but that
didn't get any love. Our producer, too, Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, guy? What's up, boys? What's going on?
What's going on? Well, while we slept, big news. big news wow maybe if i was sleeping i don't know what the rest
he is but peter shirelli as many people have been expected for a while was fired as the general
manager of the edmonton oilers been a long time coming he's had a lot of disastrous moves there
we can we can name him and we'll probably get to san jose by the time we're done uh but with uh
teddy what's your take of uh Shirely finally getting canned?
He was nice to me.
I was with him for about a year and a half in Edmonton.
He was open with me of the teams
I was going to get traded to at the deadline.
But you always feel bad when someone gets gassed like that.
Especially a couple years ago,
it seemed like the new rink, the boys were back.
They were in the playoffs.
They did well.
They lost in Anaheim in seven, I think, in the second round. And then all of a sudden, it's like, me rink the boys were back they're in the playoffs they did well they lost in anaheim in seven i think in the second round and then all of a sudden it's like
me and we were talking about it today it's right back to the basement again where they've been for
so long and from playing there like it's never fun i don't care how much money you're making or
you're playing in the nhl we're all so competitive you want to win and when you're losing like that
and getting embarrassed it's uh you feel bad for the fans you feel bad for the organization that
has you there and you feel bad for each other but You feel bad for the organization that has you there.
And you feel bad for each other.
But, I mean, you've got to get out of it some way.
And I guess they thought that Cannon Pistol Pete was the first step.
Did you see McDavid's quote?
I think it was two days ago.
It was something of, if you don't believe in this group,
you need to get out of this locker room.
I don't know if he knows of people, guys, players there,
or people that don't believe in that team, but it had to be done.
I mean, it said to me this morning, I was in the shower, he goes,
can you believe the Edmonton Oilers are the worst team in the league again?
It still is the same way.
It's shocking to see, to have the best player in the world and be that team.
And the excuses are, oh, well, Malkin
and Crosby don't have to play together. Well,
why does McDavid and Dreitzel have to play together?
They're both nasty. They can both run a line.
One, two. They've got to get players for those
guys to play with.
Yeah, I feel bad for the fans
because imagine waiting, you know, what?
Seven, eight, nine years
getting some first overall picks. You're like,
now we got McDavid.
Now we're on the up and up.
Ha-ha, let's start the parade.
Things are going well.
You said they went to the second round, got beat in game seven.
And now you're looking at this team and you're like,
we're not going to be competitive for another five or six years.
We're burning.
We've now burnt the prime years of Connor McDavid.
No, no, no, they haven't burnt him yet, but they're burning them.
He's got four or five more, I would say, big-time prime years.
No, no, no.
What I mean by that is...
No, I'm saying it's already over.
No, no, no.
What I'm saying is all of a sudden now you have another rebuild on your hands,
so it's going to take them probably four or five
years to be where they want to be as
an organization to maybe make a run.
It would have been nice and they should be there now.
Now they could have used this next three
four years of Connor McDavid's
true prime. I'm not saying he's going to
fizzle off when he hits 28,
29, but as the league
shows us is guys are dropping
off a lot faster because of the speed of the game
like now you hit 30
and like you're on the decline I mean look at
guys I think I think biz means to Connor
so good that he could win when he's
18 19 20 yeah right
okay that's valid
right now he's the best player in the league
all he needs is like
a decent amount of players around
him I mean look at
crosby and malkin they didn't need the biggest superstars around and they need competent players
like look at who fuck like pascal dupuy and chris kunitz are household names because crosby
they were low blow i was gonna say ryan malone ryan whitney too see ya well that's what i'm
saying but you guys were competent enough to like at least tug on your portion of the rope.
You've got to think the game.
Yeah.
You have to be able to understand the system and read each other and anticipate what's going on.
I mean, Marty St. Louis was a big guy with high hockey IQ.
Yeah, but I think also the GMs in Tampa, though, Peter didn't do any favors for those guys.
No.
They're like, oh, Halsey and Connor can't play together.
Okay, well, let's have two MVPs on one line each.
Like, then pick your poison, right?
And then that trade doesn't look very good right now.
I mean, even looking at the Eberle trade, like, there's another guy.
Like, he gets labeled as a loser because of, like,
and I don't want to shit on their management,
but, like, they haven't, like, developed people in their organization.
Like, they don't go down there.
Like, look at the way Pittsburgh develops their prospects.
Look at the way LA does it.
They haven't done it.
Like, Tampa?
Tampa.
Yes.
And it's, like, there's so many, like, factors that are involved
and why they're bad.
It's bad trades, but you can't miss on number one overall picks.
Right, but, like, Jordan Eberle, was he not a competent player?
No, and he's a very competent player.
And what was it, Strom?
I mean, it's confusing the moves they made.
I'll never forget being on the golf trip when the Hall-Larsen trade went down,
and it was all guys playing in the NHL, the usual summer one,
and everyone's like, who else is in the trade?
It says one for one. They're like, no,
no, no, it just must not be out yet.
There was no explanation. Taylor
Hall for Adam Larson. Well, and a lot of
people were like, wow, that's like
ballsy of Arizona to trade away
Oliver Ekman Larson.
And then I was like,
even when I read it, I was like,
fuck, I'm like, really?
I'm like, you know,
and then it was not Oliver Ekman Larson. I was like, fuck. I'm like, really? I'm like, you know, Halsey's good.
That's a big move.
And then it was not Oliver Echman-Harson.
It was the other one.
It was Adam.
And I actually tweeted it out.
I felt kind of bad.
Like, but fuck, dude.
Shirely got fleeced.
I know.
I know.
And, you know, like, it really sucks to those fans.
But I feel bad for McDavid.
It's hard to feel bad for a guy that's going to make, like, 300 million.
But when you're that good and that competitive, this kid, he's a gamer.
You can tell he doesn't  he's hockey.
Like, it's his life.
He wants to win, and he's sitting there like, what is going on right now?
I'm the best player every night.
I get three points, and we can't win a game.
What am I supposed to do?
And when you don't see something in the horizon or the  what is it?
Is that the distance?
If you don't see something in the distance, Bugsy, you're going to immediately think, like, how much longer can I be here?
It's only natural.
I'm not saying he's going to want to get out, but, you know, in four years,
he's going to be like, dude, I have to win.
Well, he probably thought, too, when he was drafted there, hey,
like now I'm the guy, the piece that they needed in order to start scaling up
and getting this team where it needs to be, and then a couple of colossal moves,
and now all of a sudden he's like, I'm looking at another four or five seasons
of losing hockey probably.
Let me tell you something quick, though.
Moment of clarity right here.
In Edmonton, it's a tough city to be in when you're losing.
I was there.
I've made that clear.
But right now, as we're talking about the Oilers struggling,
I'm looking out at the Pacific Ocean with the Budweiser, talking to my buddies.
So life is grand, Oilers.
Don't you worry.
Life will get better.
Life will get better. Life will get better.
Now Pistol Pete's gone too.
He used to have that
poor mustache
and the shaped head
and wear like a little
little toque on his
he looked like a little porn star.
The stache was creepy.
I know.
It's like November.
I get it.
But like in January
you don't need that stache still.
You're like get rid of that thing.
I know it's cold out but
It's a lip sweater.
He's calling Pistol Pete
behind his back.
Yeah, I don't know. Now it's right through his face sort of to the internet. He's calling personal Pete behind his back.
Yeah, I don't know.
Now it's right through his face sword
up to the internet.
He looks like the dude
on Arrested Development
when he's got the fucking
beard and the bald head going.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know what that is.
Bottom line is,
he's got a generational
talent on his team.
It's just, you know,
a guy who's getting
mentioned in the same breath
as Lemieux and Gretzky,
who, by the way,
they didn't win titles
their first few years either.
It took Gretzky to, what,
85 to win his first title.
Six years. It took Lemieux a few years. what, 85 to win his first title. Six years.
It took Lemieux a few years.
Yeah, but they were competitive those years.
Yeah, I mean, even Crosby.
His first couple years, Pittsburgh, they struggled a bit in his first couple years, right?
Just rookie year.
And then we caught Fire Bugsy.
Remember that run?
Bottom line is, Shirelli's not getting the job done.
You've got a guy that good, whether it's the scouting, whether it's the drafting,
it's all going to fall on the GM's head. And unfortunately
the guy who keeps making the same mistakes
over and over a lot of times is the owner.
When he keeps hiring, I mean he kept Kevin Lowe
and McTavish running the show for way too long
and unfortunately there's no one who can
fire an owner or yell at the
owner. So as long as he keeps making
mistakes himself, then the Oilers are going to struggle.
And alluding to what you said about how they
didn't win early on, like the Crosby's
and stuff like that, but when all those
players came out of their entry-level contracts,
their teams were now relevant
and relevant for a long period of time.
Since Crosby's been off his entry-level deal,
I would imagine they've probably only missed
playoffs a couple
times, and every year
they're at least one of the
teams to beat for the Cup. I mean, they've won're at least like they're one of the teams to beat for
the cup i mean they've won three in that span of time so the problem is is like all of a sudden
you have mcdavid yeah they didn't necessarily win that much in his first three years well now that
it's over they did make a trip to the second round of playoffs but now there's like there's there's
nothing in sight really for the next few years at least i would say two or three minimum yep
you have to make some deals to add the pillars.
But if you look at the Penguins, they added the guys down the middle.
So you have one, two, three centers or a big pillar defenseman, a goaltender.
How are you going to build your team?
Well, let's ask Teddy and Witt.
The problem Edmonton has too is because of where they are,
it's a tough place to attract free agents.
And the only other possible way to beef up your organization now
is you need to draft well and develop your players.
Because teams aren't giving away those core guys anymore.
Yeah, you don't see number one D-men get traded.
You don't see that anymore.
You've got to grow them yourself.
Look at the Leafs.
They've been wanting a number one defenseman for how long?
Unless they draft and develop.
You can argue that Morgan Raleigh isn't number one now. He's long? Unless they draft and develop. You can argue that Morgan Rowley isn't number one now.
He's going to fucking have probably 90 points.
But you know what I'm saying?
They can't get free agents.
I don't see them being relevant just overnight.
This is going to take a lot of work.
They need to get lucky next year and make a deep run to get those free agents.
It'll be like when people wanted to go to Pittsburgh back in the day,
then Sid and Mal can come in, so guys are going to get those free agents. It'll be like when people wanted to go to, no one wanted to go to Pittsburgh back in the day, then Sid and Mal can come in,
so guys are going to want to sign there.
Edmonton need to have a couple of good years
of sustained success.
Like, hey, maybe I will go there for a few years
and win a few cups, and then who cares?
You don't have to live there forever.
If a team's good enough, guys will go there.
If a big free agent wants to win a cup,
they'll go there.
No matter where you're playing,
if you're winning and having good,
a good season personally and as a team, you'll have fun anywhere matter where you're playing, if you're winning and having good season personally and as a
team, you have fun anywhere.
And you're only there a couple years.
So what you're saying is they need to change
the culture internally in order
to, like you said, put a few years together
and then it's like, obviously
if McDavid gives a guy a call and says, hey,
I know you're a big free agent. You're going to be on my line.
We're going to have some fun. We're going to start winning some games.
That's when you can start luring them over.
It's a little difficult now for McDavid to call someone and be like, hey dude, you're
going to live in Edmonton, you're going to get yelled at when you go to the grocery store,
people are going to send anthrax to your home, they're going to run you out of town if you're
Ryan Whitney.
They didn't run me out of town, I was limping out by the way.
So yeah, they got a lot of work to do.
Have we beaten a dead horse here as far as talking about the Edmonton thing?
Yeah, basically, next hire is huge.
They need someone to come in and basically do what Don Sweeney
did in Boston, and that's clean up Peter Shirley's
salary cap mess. It doesn't happen
overnight. You need a couple of shrewd moves.
A guy who thinks a little outside the box, but
yeah, he's put them in quite the pickle with some of the
deals in that roster, but
it's done is done. We've been waiting for that fire for a while.
Again, we hate to see a guy lose a job.
But, you know, people forget these guys still get paid until they get hired in another job.
It's not like they get fired, they don't get paid anymore.
So it's not all bad.
Some good news, though, for a guy in the coaching fraternity, Pete Olaviolette.
He got his 600th win the other night.
He's the only other American coach with as many.
Tortorella's got over 600.
So have any of you guys, Teddy or Bugsy, did either of you guys play for Laviolette?
I had him on World Championships.
No, I never had him.
Yeah, Team USA.
He was great.
Yeah, tell us, what makes him a great coach?
He was just really kind of black and white with the systems.
It was kind of a quick tournament over there,
so he kind of just kind of make it simple and have a good time.
Just kind of told you like it was and what he expected of you,
gave you a role, and it was just very clear what you had to get done.
You always knew what you stood with him, like no bullshit with him?
Yeah, I mean, I think as any athlete, that's what you kind of want to hear.
If you're even missing games or not, okay, what can I do to get better?
You like that right to your face, whatever it may be,
so you try to better yourself.
Did you ever play for Torts, the other guy, other American coach?
Oh, I was with him in the Olympics.
Oh, go ahead, Wits.
Yeah, Torts is  I mean, I loved
I could see over a season him wearing on guys for a two-week tournament.
He was great.
Yeah, he was just happy.
He was having  everyone had a great time.
Yeah, he was coaching the D, and he was just like
it's a little different, right, than if you're the head coach,
but he was awesome.
I mean, he challenges guys, gets people fired up.
Yeah, so it's good to see the American coaches getting up there.
And you see all these goalies approaching win records and coaches,
all these coaches getting more wins.
You forget that they're climbing up these ranks because there was ties before.
So now since there's no ties, that's why you see a lot of these current goalies
getting into the top ten, same with coaches with wins.
Good point, Witt.
Yeah, thank you.
Another Canadian team I want to talk about who's struggling as of late,
Toronto Maple Leafs.
They've actually lost two in a row.
Here, actually a little R.A. Gambling Corner
fact from Biz here.
This is the eighth time this season the Leafs have been winless
and two straight.
Their game three result
is 7-0-0.
Averaging
five goals a game in games after they
lost two in a row, and then allowing
only one goal against.
And they have three shutouts in those games.
So that could be a potential bet.
They're playing tonight in Washington.
You guys won't hear this until tomorrow, so I guess you're fucked.
But I'll take it, Vince.
Thanks for the tip.
So we're going to fucking hammer that tonight.
But they are playing Washington, so it's not going to be an easy game.
It's actually in Toronto.
You know what, though?
It's really good teams
don't really lose three in a
row that often. I mean, two in a row always happens,
but that's when you put a stop to it.
I mean, the fact that they haven't lost three in a row
once this year, that's pretty impressive, but
they haven't looked good, and it's weird.
Matthews hasn't been scoring,
and we talked about Nylander, but I don't think we
mentioned before. Someone asked Matthews if he was
worried he wasn't scoring. He's like, no.
He's getting chances. Yeah, he's like, why would I
be worried? I'm too good to worry, basically.
How good of a feeling would that be?
Remember how bad we felt when we went like six
games without a point? I'm like, I didn't get a shot
in the last two weeks. Everyone's
reporters are like, how do you feel? And I'm like, oh, I feel great.
Like just lying, like can't even
nap. Like I suck.
Why am I on the ice with these guys?
You're just like, please, let me just chip a puck out
and the guy takes it and I get a second assist.
Just get me on the sheet. Then you're celebrating
the second assist. You feel great.
Off the next face-off, a little pop in your step
and you're just buzzing.
On your point there, how
good teams usually don't lose three in a row.
It's usually the veteran guys
that step up and say, hey, we need this one tonight, boys.
But this could be a coin flip because it's all-star break.
A lot of these teams have 10 days off.
Some of the flights are probably getting warmed up right now.
They're like, get the jet engine going.
We are going overtime tonight.
This is the first time the Leafs have been relevant
and kind of a cup contender since social media has been around.
Obviously, in a market like Toronto, it's fucking banana lands to begin with.
But all of a sudden, man, you have all these young players who are stepping up, and there's being articles written every day.
They were bound to have struggles during the season, but as soon as the season started, they were buzzing out of the gate.
I mean, everybody was talking about it.
Tavares was fucking scoring.
They got their fucking
Toronto boy back. Well, now
I think they're 500 over the last 20
games. And fuck, every day
there's articles being written about every guy and how
they should trade this guy, do this with this guy.
Nylander signed the big ticket, isn't scoring.
Matthews hasn't scored in 10, 12
games. It's a lot
of fucking pressure, boy.
Hockey's hard, too. Yeah, it's so hard. And it's good for that. fucking pressure boys all of a sudden i mean hockey's hard too
yeah it's so hard and it's good for that like it just goes to show you how good those young guys
are like riley marner matthews neilander like they're they're thriving in that market that's
not an easy place to be with all the pressure you're talking about articles every day i wouldn't
be able to do it i know i think that they're they're so good that they do know like they
were lighting it up i don don't even think about it.
But at one point, you will.
Because no matter who you are, at one point, you're not scoring.
You know what?
Crosby's even had moments when they were like,
Sidney, is he...
Remember the year before the All-Star break?
He had like 30 points.
And people thought he was done.
Yeah, and for now, these guys haven't experienced it yet
because they've just come into the league
and it's been all progression.
But when you hit your first rough patch, then you realize I'm in Toronto.
Then you're in the fire, boys, because there's 50 media members
in the locker room some mornings.
I mean, they're all asking the guy who's making the money who isn't scoring,
why aren't you scoring?
You're like, I need a Xanax.
Yeah, and all of a sudden, all these guys that they've drafted high
are starting to be now their core group of players,
and the guys you go to add Tavares to the mix.
And over the summer now, the expectations to win have been risen to a level
that none of those players in that organization have seen.
I mean, even Tavares.
I mean, he was playing on Long Island, and he was kind of like the only guy there.
The expectations to win were never really like,
if you don't win, you're a fucking piece of shit.
And Babcock has never caught any heat.
He's like a god.
Now he's starting to catch some heat?
Yeah, if they flamed out the rest of the year
and made playoffs but lost first round, he's going to start hearing it.
But before, he's the greatest coach of all time.
He can't make a mistake, but he'll get it at some point.
Well, they say his biggest flaw is he's very stubborn if it's his idea and
he's being let's say told the media yo like analytically and and of course the eye test is
showing me that this guy needs to come off that line he's very stubborn about it so that's his
one fault apparently obviously he's an excellent coach. He prepares like crazy.
But as you said it, Wett, this guy is starting to feel the pressure
just as much as these other superstars.
Yeah, for sure.
And like you said, I don't know how much.
I think there was a stat.
He's only won one playoff round in the last 10 years.
All that stuff's going to keep coming.
Yeah, I saw that too.
All that stuff's going to keep coming back up if the Leafs,
they have such high expectations.
I know you were talking about Taveras.
Don't really know him that well. Played like a
world champions with him. But if
there's a guy in Toronto that can handle that, it'll be interesting
to see how he does in the playoffs because the expectations
are... But if there's a pro and a guy that
takes care of his body and does
it well, he's the guy I feel
will handle it. Those guys take the game to the
next level, I think, when the pressure's on.
I had a note on my phone to talk
about him.
He was the biggest free agent signing
of all time
and he's been so nasty
and it's in Toronto
as well.
To do what he's doing,
people have no idea
how hard it is.
There's a reason
that teams
were lining up
Nobu lunches
in the boardrooms
to fucking hang out with him
and talk with him.
You're a big deal
when they have to
do a spreadsheet,
an Excel spreadsheet and show you what you're going to do
and make an advertising money.
He had a contract that you cannot live, like you can't live up to, you know,
and first year he's exceeded it.
I think he's better than people thought he was his first year so far.
That's how good he's been.
So I still think with him you can win and you can make a run in the playoffs
and they got a bunch of other guys but if it's gonna continue like
this there's gonna be like I said you're in the middle of the fire you're in one
I wouldn't I wouldn't wish down on my worst enemy that's a great point oh yeah
hey what's up all right what's up over there also to when the land the finally
does wake up it's gonna be almost like adding a guy to your your roster almost
like it's like a deadline pickup because he hasn't done shit
and once he turns it on, like I said, it might just
take a couple of bad goals,
a couple of cheesy goals to get going.
It's like adding a guy to your roster. The other thing, too,
is if they do have a little bit of a slide,
it's still, what,
only two points from the
fucking bottom seat of the East right now, too.
You have a bad couple of weeks
in the East, man. You find yourself on the outside looking in like,
Pernille, we got a nice T-shirt made up for the Buffalo fans.
And what happens?
They fucking went off the cliff, like a cliff like this side, right?
Islanders are next, boys.
Islanders are next.
Well, let's make the announcement.
Let's make the announcement.
We got an Islanders wagon shirt.
It's on the way.
Oh, Frankie Borelli.
So, yeah, this kid who works at Barstool, he's a diehard Islanders fan.
His father owns a restaurant for 50 years, like, across the street from Nassau Coliseum.
This kid went to every game for four years when he was in college, I guess.
He used to go to pregame skates, and he's just obsessed.
And so now he's panicking because Grinnelli's going to mush the Islanders like he mushed the Sabres.
Yeah, I mean, nobody's going to catch Tampa in the East anyway.
So 2-3, whatever matchup that's going to be, it's going to be a great series.
I mean, I'd love to see Tamper in Boston again.
We've gotten two unreal series the last couple of years out of those two.
And it's funny.
They don't even get nasty.
There's not a lot of fighting or scrapping, a lot of scrumming.
It's just unreal hockey, just two teams playing balls to the wall.
So I'd love to get another one of those series.
Yeah, definitely.
Thank you.
We've got another little news. Dude, Alexander Ovechkin,
he's only one point behind
Sergei Fedorov for the most points ever in the
NHL by a Russian.
Do you think he's going to break it, alright?
That's not, I mean...
Do you think he's going to break it?
I don't know, dude. He might have put
the whammy on in there, Bugs. But dude,
I mean, you guys obviously played against
them with plenty of Russians in your day, I mean, you guys obviously played against them
with plenty of Russians in your day.
I mean, is he the best Russian ever, Ovechkin?
I know he's the best goal scorer in Russia ever,
but is he the best Russian ever, ever?
I think he's the best goal scorer of all time.
What he's doing in the modern-day era as far as goal scoring,
he just had his 35th goal.
I said 35.
Pretty good.
I can't talk.
35 tucks again
after boozing
all summer
swimming in fountains
this guy
he earned it
he earned it
it's almost like
another monkey
off his back
now he's like
now I can just
go out there
and enjoy it
that's another thing
it's like
so hard to
describe what he's doing
the goal
is so hard
and like
I know he has
everyone's like
oh he's got backstrom these guys he's still got his fucking score and hard. And I know everyone's like, oh, he's got Backstrom,
these guys.
He's still got to
fucking score and get open.
I don't know.
Backstrom's still
on the right on the moment.
I know.
Anchors, Netsov.
They're great, but still.
You still have to...
They get you the puck.
You still have to rip
one-timer shelf.
We were watching last night
and they were snapping around
on the power play
and all four of us,
all four of us played.
It went Carlson, Backstrom, back to Carlson and he stood up to Obi as he's winding up like, here it is. out on the power play and all four of us all all four of us played it went uh carlson backstrom
back to carlson and it's he stood up to obie as he's wound up like here it is like we all played
and these guys playing now as they still cannot stop him getting set up and there's one time when
they get hit the crossbar or just missed the net and he's gonna like when will those stop coming
for him when's he gonna lose those chances never not if he goes power play like that he doesn't
have to move that much on the power play there
and he's always going to get... It's been
15 years and they can't stop it.
So, I don't know.
You said it perfectly. You can't describe
what he's doing. It's so hard to get a goal
in the NHL. Remember how hard
it is? You score and you're like, thank God.
Bugsy used to just be like,
God, I needed that one.
I got another two weeks to grab another one.
So it was like.
No, then he'd celebrate and tear his obliques.
He'd be out for three and he'd come back.
That one felt good, boys.
That was a solid fist bump after that one.
Someone had to go from the corners and to the net, Teddy.
Considering we're talking about Bugsy, Teddy,
why don't you tell his engagement story that you mentioned the other night to me.
Oh, yeah.
Bugsy's got engaged.
His fiance is awesome.
He had a couple of dogs.
You can get your dog over there because they will try to eat your dog, too.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
So Bugsy's dog attacked your dog.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
First of all, we invited Teddy and his dog over to our house to keep them company.
Right, Teddy?
You can come stay with us.
Yeah. Open up our house. Okay, Teddy? You can come stay with us.
Yeah.
Open up our house.
Okay, so yeah, my little puppies are there.
There's 7,000 toys in the house.
So Bugsy, my dog took one of them.
So the next thing you know, I hear my dog squealing.
I'm like, this guy got hit by a car.
I'm like, Bugsy, do you have cars in your house?
Like, what's going on?
He's just crying for Vedder.
He's like screeching.
I was like, oh Vedder I was like screeching I was like oh god something happened I go in
Bugsy's German Shepherd
has Vedder's head
in his mouth
looking back at me
like that
I'm like Bugsy
where'd you get this thing
he's like oh
we're shopping in the mall
the other day with Elle
we got a little bored
so I saw it at PetSmart
I picked it up
I'm like who buys
a German Shepherd
at a mall in Hartford
Connecticut
I'm like he's like
oh no that's the end of my career that's the end of my career that's the end of my career that's the end of my career man desperate times I know shepherd in a mall in Hartford, Connecticut. I'm like, he's like, oh, no.
That was the end of my career, man.
That's your times, I know.
I had to get attacked, Doug, to watch over the money.
I got left in the back of the house.
But the dog buried it.
They had to send the dog away for like four months to get trained.
Now the dogs are actually good.
They got the second one from her.
Now that was a side story, aside from you chirping Bugsy.
So we're going back to the engagement story.
So then this is like one of my favorite lines, too. Bugsy's come up. Bugsy's more're going back to the engagement story. This is one of my
favorite lines too. Bugsy's come up. Bugsy's more
of a guy that's in the present. If you're listening to this
podcast now, he giggles a lot
and he can't finish his sentences because he's
so happy.
He calls me. He's like, what are you doing
May 19, 2020?
I'm like, dude, I don't
know what I'm eating for dinner in a couple hours, but
mark me in.
I got in.
I got engaged, and we're going to get married, and she's from Florida, so we're going to go to Palm Beach or something.
I'm like, awesome, sounds great, I'm there.
So I go back to see him this summer, him and his fiancee, and I'm like, oh, guys, so when's the wedding?
He goes, well, Teddy.
He goes, I let her pick the date. I picked the year.
I learned it from my dad.
My dad did it.
Learned it from my dad.
We do have the wedding May 19th.
The next six years, May 19th is off for me so I can't do any podcasts or anything with you guys.
Maybe you guys can come too.
He's like, May 19th, 2030.
It's going to be a beautiful sunset.
I can see it now. I think it's going to line up 420 for the sunset that day. We's going to be a beautiful sunset. I can see it now.
I think it's going to line up 420 for the sunset that day.
We're going to be on a beach.
But I promise, in the next 15 years, mark your calendars.
You got anything going back?
Yeah, Bugs, defend yourself.
How long did you guys play together in Tampa Bay? Hold on.
One, two, three, four, five years?
I was like, one, two, too many.
It was five years? I was like, one, two, too many. It was five years?
It was five years.
I mean, we had a great team.
I mean, it was awesome.
We had a good group of guys, and it was just fun to be with them.
Oh, man.
Okay, what was the funnest rookie party in that amount of time?
You guys actually had one in Scottsdale.
I lined up a W for you guys.
So many.
When did you rookie yourself, Bugsy, before the rookie party?
Me and Bugsy were good at that.
I think we'll do one little quick story.
Bugsy and Mike Smith, every time these two guys are big.
Bugsy told a story about Sandra's tooth.
Yes.
So this one's pretty similar.
We're at Mastro's or Maestro's in the back.
Bugsy and Smitty were like
We're drinking all day
And they got a little excited
And you know the little crab legs
They still had the little fork in them
The seafood platter
It's a little fork in it
Bugsy took it
No no no
Yes you did
It was a lobster claw
Smitty took it and he didn't lobster claw, though. Lobster claw.
It was a lobster claw.
Smitty took it.
He didn't know the fork was in it.
Dude, that buggy got him.
Keep your mic up.
Keep your mic up.
Keep that mic in your mouth.
I was getting a little excited.
Anyways, Bugsy gets hit by a lobster claw.
I look over.
I get a lobster claw right in the side of the head.
Smitty chucks it across the table.
With the fork still in it.
So what do I do?
I grab it.
Oh.
Who opened the fridge last?
Who opened the fridge last?
Is that you?
It was my fault.
My fault.
You know what?
That's taking ownership.
I love it.
There you go.
Take notes, all right?
Hey, quick plug.
Oh, stay up.
I got a buck on you.
Take notes, all right? Quick plug for our sponsors., stay up. I got a buck on you. Take notes, all right?
Quick plug for our sponsors.
Just drop the Budweiser beers, Budweiser Canada.
Dropped them all over the floor here.
I'm going to pick them up.
Sorry to interrupt your story there, Bugsy.
Oh, you're fine, bud.
So what did you do when you took the lobster claw off the temple?
He got towels.
He was leaking.
I tackled him.
The blood was a little thin that day from all the alcohols.
But Bugsy wouldn't say anything because it was Arizona heat.
I was a little dehydrated.
You're golfing all day.
It's a long day.
The sun's bright down there.
Wait, but what?
So did you end up dummying him?
I just tackled him and then they they, like, broke us up,
and then the trainers had to, like, I think they glued my, like, eyebrow.
So that's a rookie party casualty.
And it was, I think, yeah.
I mean, we were, I think it was, like, Steve Downey Hedman was a rookie back then.
We made him wear, like, the bike tights, like what you'd wear under your gear, you know?
Yeah, yeah.
The tights and the tight shirt.
Then we put hockey helmets on them so they'd wear their helmets all through dinner.
We thought that was a good idea.
And then some guys, we had like Zen and Kanopka and a few crazy guys on the team.
They're like, oh, this wine glass, will this break over your helmet?
Like, I wonder what.
Oh, Zen and Kanopka is from near my hometown.
He's a wild man.
Yeah.
Played in the minors.
He was like breaking bottles over their helmets.
For a while.
He used to play on those Syracuse teams
with Nasty, Morasty, and all those guys,
and you didn't want to go up more than two goals
because they just turned into a fight fest.
You always wanted to keep the game close.
If it got to 4-1, it was going to be fucking no-holds-barred,
medieval times, dinner and tournament, third period.
Remember, Bugsie, he'd come in the dressing room,
he had a disco ball in the old Tampa Bay room,
and he put all of his dance shoes.
He'd bring a shot tray full of Red Bull.
Come on, boys, keep going.
I'm like, who's this savage?
He's on my team.
He might beat me up, so I'm going to have the Red Bull.
My heart rate was at 260 before I even played.
He was a good guy, team guy.
Couldn't even stick handle because of Bugsie's Red Bull shots before the game.
He was just a warrior, obviously.
He used to come in the locker room
with Red Bull shots.
He'd come in and shut the lights off.
Then there's a disco ball goes off.
The lights start going.
You start flicking the lights.
You know how the tray with the Gatorade
is usually on them.
The tray is filled up with Red Bull shots.
He comes pushing them in.
All right, we're fucking going.
Oh, my God.
All right, we kind of got off the rails there.
Should we reel it back into any type of hockey talk?
You got any announcements, trade?
Let's see.
A couple of signings bid since the last show.
Carolina re-upped Toivo Taravainen.
Five-year, 27 million deal.
That's an average annual value of 5.4 million.
Seems like a pretty good price for him.
He's a pretty talented guy.
Also, Edmonton, and it was
Peter Shirelli's last deal as
GM, I believe. He signed
Mikko Koskinen to a three-year deal
for 13.5 million for a
4.5 million average annual value.
A lot of people are freaking out about that.
I don't know if it's a bad sign. I think people are just so
frazzled with Shirelli at this point that any
signing he did, people are going to freak out at.
Well, the problem right now is obviously people are confused because they're hearing that
the team was aware that he was going to make that signing when they were also aware that they were
going to fire him so it didn't really make sense to like give him the reins to do another move that
people are going to question maybe they trusted him though i know it's only like he only played
25 games this year he's actually played pretty good at times.
But I watched the game last night.
I felt bad.
He let in like three muffins.
I know.
Right after signing.
Right after signing.
Right after signing.
13 and a half for three muffins.
I felt bad.
So people are confused at the mixed signals that the organization is going.
Because some people have talked to the organization.
They said, oh, they were aware that they were going to do it.
And then they said, no, that was strictly shirelli's move so more confusion to put the cherry on top of this ugly situation for edmonton we don't really need to dive right back into it but no we don't know
no but terry vining again you know that's a that's i think that's a good sign and that's a
yeah i like him i was surprised when chicago traded him he seemed like a guy that was like
maybe in a little bit young and he's i sure he's gotten stronger, but he was smart.
I always thought he made good hockey plays, and
him and that Ajo together are sick.
That Ajo is actually... I know I always
say this, but he's one of the better...
Is he a first-round pick? Ajo was a first-rounder.
I think he was a high... They kind of built their team, right?
Yeah, I know. They have a lot of money. If you look at
Carolina, it's a good example of how
Edmonton needs to do some of that.
There's a team that have made some really good moves and really bad ones.
I'm still a little confused at the Hannah Finn and Lindholm move for Dougie Hamilton.
There's a couple other important pieces.
And now they can't sign Furlan back.
And now they're going to lose Furlan.
Right.
And you hear Hamilton's on the block again.
It's like, what's going on?
Let's put it this way.
I put Carolina in the same category as Florida as far as sometimes they make really good moves where you're like, wow.
And then other times you're like, what?
And then the owner comes out.
Remember that quote?
It was a hilarious quote.
He's like, I'd rather lose games 5-4 than 2-1.
At least I'm having fun.
We need some scoring wingers.
Just traded.
Lindholm was ripping it.
He had Skinner as 100 goals.
Yeah.
Oh, sure. Could have gone without that one. Maybe they don't want to spend that much money down there. just traded. Lindholm was ripping it. He got Skinner as 100 goals. Yeah.
Could have gone without that one.
Maybe they don't want to spend that much money down there.
We never even had any scoring winners. We need to get some.
The guy's like... They're always low on the cap, right?
They don't spend a ton.
Okay, so then here's the thing, though.
So then you get Dougie Hamilton,
who I'm assuming is making close to six,
and then what are you going to do?
Are you going to re-sign him?
Apparently there's, I don't want to say issues with him down there,
but apparently he's another guy whose name's popped up on the trading blocks.
So you're like, well, okay, well, that was a major piece in that trade.
You sent home Hannafin and Lindholm, who would fit in great in Calgary.
Those are two young studs.
At what point are you not going to like?
They're studs, actually.
They're studs, and they're fucking handsome man rockets,
and we've talked about that before on the show, too.
But just like I said, just very confusing trades,
and then some very good ones.
So Carolina, another good one there.
Yeah, that's really for news going on the NHL.
What about our last couple days in L.A.?
Want to recap that a little bit for the audience?
Last couple days of events?
I just want to say, how about the bartender last night not serving us ice anymore?
Oh, yeah.
Let's go through the story.
Good job.
Well, listen.
Can I just set it up a little bit?
Absolutely.
Then we're going to have to tell the truth when Bugsy's done talking.
Oh, wow.
Okay.
Anyway, Barstool does it right.
They got the house here for the fellas.
They got the camera crew.
Everyone's together.
Big, happy family.
Good business, right?
I love it.
And I'm like, all right, I'm going to maybe treat the boys tonight, buy them a few cocktails,
visit up the bungalow.
But we went to bungalow.
I mean, it's a little bit of a douchey crowd, so we fit in perfectly.
Yeah.
I mean, we just did our own fun thing.
Yes, we did. But anyway, we have Danaana a few guys around that are you know younger in life
now they're kind of getting out exploring they get to you know barstow setting them up on all
these fun trips so i was kind of teaching them this little the drinking game we played some of
these golf trips so you know i'm almost i'm 39 i have two kids i'm retired so when i have these
trips on my schedule i usually circle them because it's usually green light.
Flashing green light.
Flashing green light.
Give me the green or I'm running to the red.
There's only one option, but pick your poison.
Biz mentioned it before where we bumped into you in Vancouver.
Vancouver.
It was a Sunday for me.
I hadn't been going hard all weekend.
These guys are on the end of a bender.
I'm just trying to have a couple casuals
and fucking Ice Kips keeps getting scooped out of my drink
and he's like,
chug your drink.
Bugsy's a bully,
so when he fucking says it, you do it.
It's not a bully.
It's more a fun police making sure
everyone's having the same amount of fun.
Oh my God.
Fair enough, fair enough.
So back to the story.
Back to the story.
Brett and Dana. Brett and Dana and then Nelly. Having the same amount of fun. Oh, my God. Fair enough, fair enough. So back to the story. Back to the story. So.
Brett and Dana.
Brett and Dana.
And then Nelly, obviously, is excited about this game.
So we set up a little distraction.
So I think Brett was talking to Nelly.
And then I showed Dana, I'm like, slowly just picking out the ice cube out of Nelly's glass.
Because he was turned, like, to the side, right?
So then I was like, all right, boys, cheers.
And he goes and reaches the glass and puts it up.
And there's no ice in it.
Then you've got to finish your drink.
So no ice means chug automatically right away.
It was more for the people that are in the group that are probably hurting,
and they're just holding it for like an hour.
And you look at them, there's like one ice cube left.
You know they've just never been milking it.
Exactly.
Okay, and so two things here.
You had a little pep talk with Dana and Brett who said they could hang,
and you said, no, you can't hang with me and I'm going to teach you a lesson.
No, I never said that.
I think Dana was the one guy that kind of really pushed the pace.
He's like, I love this game.
So he's like, let's team up and try to get some of the other guys.
So we started doing it, and obviously it was fun.
Sometimes it's even okay to pull your own ice out as part of the other guys. So we started doing it, and obviously it was fun. Sometimes it's even okay to pull your own ice out
as part of the team.
That little self-inflicted pain.
Well, I mean, we're all having a good time.
It's like I haven't gotten gotten in long enough time.
I need to get myself.
Okay, so then you guys got cut off
from getting ice in your drinks.
No, the bartenders were just having a good time with us.
So even the one time, like, I took it out, the ice, at the bar as I was getting the drinks, you know,
and then brought them over as the joke.
And then the bartender was like, I'll just serve them no ice if you want.
I was like, oh, okay.
Oh, so he just thought you wanted no ice.
They were St. Cloud shots.
Like, they were like the drinks, you know.
St. Cloud, okay, a little college reference.
Part of the Midwest.
So, and then to conclude the story,
Brett ends up passing out on the beach or what'd you do?
You puked on the beach?
Yeah, I puked on the beach.
And then Dana wet the bed.
So he can join me in the bedwetting club,
which we're not embarrassed about.
He says it happens once a quarter.
I would say that's how often it happens to me.
I would say once every
two months. I mean, these guys,
this is what happens.
Are you sure someone's going to pour beer up there in your bed?
Don't you feel bad
for the new people that hang out with Bugsy?
They got Bugsy. He's so tall.
He's a man rock. He's got tattoos.
He's got this big grin.
He knows all these stupid tricks and dance
moves. Never being serious.
People just want to be around him. And then the other guy's like,
oh man, Bugsy's so fun. I want to hang with him tonight.
I'm like, dude, you're going to die.
Pace yourself. He's like, what do you mean? I'm like,
we'll talk tomorrow. You're going to get Bugsy'd.
And so many people
and one guy was puking on the
beach, talking to the waves.
The other guy's wet in the bed.
And the usual ending
is him going,
that was a fun night.
You guys aren't feeling good?
And then he's like,
well, you guys are young.
And they're like,
well, no.
And I'm like,
Bugsy's like,
well, I'm really tall too
so maybe I can handle it a little better.
Tall, drink a lot of it.
I was telling Brett
because Brett was like having wine.
He's trying some like
smoked drink at dinner.
He's trying some other fancy drink.
You don't want to switch before we go out.
You don't want to mix all these cocktails,
but you want to just pick your weapon, your poison for that night
and just stick with it.
It was a good time.
Can we talk about the golf club story you tried to remind me about?
Oh, yeah.
Or you told me to remind you about, I should say.
On the way home from the golf trip at the end of the round.
Boys, before we get to that,
I just want to talk to you
about Robinhood for one second.
Robinhood is an investing app
that lets you buy and sell stocks,
ETFs, options, and cryptos
all commission-free.
They strive to make financial services
work for everyone,
not just the wealthy.
It's a non-intimidating way
for stock market newcomers
to invest for the first time
with true confidence.
Simple and intuitive,
clear design with data presented
in an easy-to-digest way. One good thing about Robinhood is the no- with true confidence. Simple and intuitive, clear design with data presented in an easy-to-digest way.
One good thing about Robinhood is the no commission fees.
Other brokerages charge up to 10 for every trade,
but Robinhood does not charge commission fees, trade stocks, and keep all of your profits.
Also, you learn it by doing.
Learn how to invest as you build your portfolio.
Discover new stocks and track favorite companies with personalized news feed,
and there's a custom notification for price movement
so you never miss the right moment to invest.
Robinhood is giving our listeners a free stock like Apple, Ford, or Sprint
to help build your portfolio.
So sign up at chicklets.robinhood.com.
That's chicklets.robinhood.com.
This is the night we ran into you, Biz.
You set us up in Vancouver.
So you guys were coming down from Whistler, I believe.
And we had to drop Mike Smith off at the airport.
So we had to go an extra two hours out of the way to come back.
Anyways, we're having a good time.
So usually these bus trips at the end, there's like eight of us.
It's a good crew.
We've been drinking all week.
You're winding down.
But you're just like, last night, we might as well floor it.
Yeah, exactly.
So, oh, and Bugsy floored it.
Bugsy made another rule for that.
He's like, this is my favorite game.
And then we're like, oh, I can't wait for this.
So Bugsy's smart, though.
He knows before that beer's going to be spilled.
We're going to spray people.
You're going to be sweating.
You're going to be hot.
We spray our surroundings. Yeah. It was just us on the bus. Teddy, I know what you're saying. We're going to be sweating. You're going to be hot. We spray our surroundings.
It was just us on the bus.
Teddy, I know what you're saying. We were on a short bus.
It was perfect for us.
Bugsy gets on there.
He's just in his underwear.
He has his left golf glove
on.
We're drinking. He's only drinking off his left hand.
His right hand's animated. He's talking
stories. I'm like, Bugsy, what's on your left hand? He goes, that's my golf glove. That's only drinking Off his left hand And he's like His right hand's like Animated He's talking stories I'm like Bugsy what's on your left hand
He goes
Oh that's my golf glove
That's my drinking hand
All day
So he had his golf glove on
For six hours
After the round
Only lefty
Drinking beers
So then we're going down
We drop Smitty off
At the airport
We come back
And it's like
So perfect
Because we like
Bugsy like
We call him
He's a construction worker
Yeah he is
He's trash
He's trash Gainesville.
He's trash.
So we get out and we take a piss on the side of the road.
And this stuff only happens at Bugsy.
It's mind-blowing.
The place is deserted.
And behind a dumpster, there's an old toilet just sitting there ready to get picked up. Bugsy's like, found a toilet.
So we're all over there.
We're around the toilet, pissing in the toilet
on the side of the road. Then we all run back
on the bus, and Bugsy comes
back on the bus last. He has a pylon
four feet high, and he found a construction
hat that barely fit. It was like
a yarmulke on his head.
It was just sitting on his head like this.
He's in his underwear, correct?
He's in his underwear, he has tattoos everywhere, and he's just
drinking pylon and his hat. And Bugsy's like, yeah, construction worker, who wants his underwear. He has tattoos everywhere, and he's just drinking and having a pile on his hat.
And Bugsy's like, yeah, construction worker, who wants this?
So then the next thing you know, the pile on, it was disgusting.
It was outside for months.
We turned it into a funnel.
So Bugsy was on the top like, yeah.
I was drinking out of it.
You were drinking.
I was drinking out of it.
We made you do it.
Bugsy was construction leader.
He made me do it.
He made me do it.
We had our gear shift.
Sometimes we had to floor uphill.
Sometimes we had to pull it back.
Sometimes in Whistler, it's like obviously really bumpy.
There's a lot of hills and stuff.
Sometimes it was flat.
But if we're going flat too long, Buzzy's like, nope, we got to floor it, boys.
He used the pylon gear shift.
And then it would get a little rowdy.
We'd spray people.
We're dancing.
We're like, all right, let's pull it back.
Back to neutral. Let's do it.
Oh, here we go, boys.
So before Bugsy gets a chance to deny that story,
you told us about your electricity story in college.
In college, yeah.
Well, I mean, college, anyone that's been to college,
you're just scrapping pennies, right?
I mean, whatever you can make work, you're making work.
That's why we'd always stay up there in the summer and work out and train, get summer jobs. But, uh, the hockey house before us,
the guys never paid the bill, right? The electricity bill. So it was only, it was probably
like a thousand bucks or something, but we, I mean, none of us could find that. So we ended up
running an extension cord to our neighbor's house, like out of one of their back sockets.
So then we hooked up an extension cord all the way around back through our house.
So another extension cord hooked up to like a TV, a microwave, and a light.
And one lamp.
And one lamp.
And that's what we had all summer.
It was like, it was getting dark.
We had like flashlights.
How was your new laundry?
You didn't.
We didn't do laundry here in college.
Oh.
Probably never did the sheets one time in college.
Oh, God.
The college life sounds disgusting to me.
Oh, yeah, because you guys live in such healthy lifestyles.
Well, I mean, our billet moms will change our sheets
that we've soiled and other things.
They cook us meals and roast you.
How many teammates from those teams?
From my junior teams?
I keep in touch with a few guys.
I think college, just personally speaking,
you go there, you're with that group of kids,
you're getting a great time in your life, enjoying life.
You're all reaching for these goals.
You can go to some friends that last a lifetime when you go to college,
I feel, compared to major league.
What was your summer job while you were at college?
He worked at Malone Chevrolet. Construction. when you go to college I feel compared to major what was your what was your summer job while you were at college
we're like lawn fertilization special this is on we're all those big hey things and then we like throw the little peg in the ground step on it or like
clean up construction we'd only work work until halfway to the summer.
We had a goal of making two grand
because then we knew that could take us the rest of the summer.
So we worked, and then we quit halfway through.
You'd make your money to party the rest of the summer.
We knew what we had to make, and then we're like,
all right, that's good.
That's all we need.
That's good life skills.
Should we check back in with R.A. to see if there's any hockey topics we should
chime in on?
You want to talk about my NHL career?
Is this a big weekend on the social calendar?
Do a lot of players
active and retired come in to be in San
Jose this weekend, or are they just, nah, they're all
set? I'll say
this. I went to the one because I have to work for
the Arizona Coyotes, by the way. Congratulations
to the Coyotes. They've been playing some great hockey lately.
That's my every episode I usually mention the Coyotes,
and I was just doing it there.
They've been buzzing.
Big win in Ottawa, and they got a big one in Montreal.
You got to step on down there.
It's a good leader's booth.
But I had an unbelievable time at the All-Star game last year,
and I'm very excited to re-attend this year.
We were in Tampa Bay.
We were actually there. F-L-A. there that's Bugsy that's your stomping grounds I'm sure
you've done well for yourself down there we were there during gasp Gasparilla is
that what it's called the pirate festival pirate festival
yeah insane buddy it was it was it was insanity that's probably why I'm on the
side of the road puking everywhere everywhere. And bushes. I think it depends.
It's overwhelming.
Yeah, I think it depends where it is, though,
if legends are going to come to the All-Star game.
I think last year they did 100 people in L.A. or wherever it was.
I honestly feel like an absolute loser going to the All-Star game
with you guys this weekend.
I feel like a loser.
What do you mean you can be losers together?
We're just like the guys that are like,
I'm going to be with you guys.
What?
No.
Bugsy, you're the.
You're the man.
You're the waiter and the construction worker when the bus breaks down.
I told the bus, yeah, I want a trip out here.
It'll be fun to do this because obviously we've played in the league, you know, different people throughout the league.
But when you guys asked me to come, I'm like, oh, God, I'm the biggest pigeon ever.
They're like, Teddy, what are you doing here?
I'm like, nothing.
I just had a cousin up here.
Came for the free trip.
Did any of you guys ever go to one of these weekends other than biz?
Yeah, I watched on TV for like 12 years in a row.
I went to the game when Ray Bork scored the OT winner, old backhand.
Or maybe not OT.
It was with like 20 seconds left in the All-Star game in Boston.
I was in the Young Stars one, and I remember watching.
Oh, so you played in an All-Star game?
I played Young Stars, too. It's not really All-Star game? I played Young Stars too.
It's not really All-Star, you're like a Young Star.
But, and then I remember just as a kid
watching Mario
in Pittsburgh All-Star game. He had like five
goals. He had to get three goals in the first period
and he had five goals. It was pretty cool being a
kid watching the All-Star game.
It was fun. It'll be a fun experience for everyone.
Well, another reason why we
brought you guys on board too is because you guys know
some of the players going, play with some of them
as well. Stam Coast
is going. We've talked a little bit
about him in your guys' interviews, but
do you think there's any way we'll get in touch with him?
Maybe get him on the bus or the RV for a few minutes?
We'll peer pressure and strong arm him.
Even Sid's going down.
That's another. That would be huge for us.
I actually saw him.
He's called Sid the Creature?
Army started calling him the Creature.
I don't think it stuck though, did it?
No.
Sid's big enough.
A lot of people hope you get a good nickname because it sticks.
Sid's the guy that's like, that's not going to be my nickname.
Oh, and then he'd get away with it.
He didn't say that about that, but if he didn't want it, he'd be like, that's not it.
This was from Daryl, right?
That's what he has on his gloves?
Yeah, I just thought he was a creature because of how he did everything.
Daryl leaked my balls.
Hey, Bugsy, where'd you used to park your Lamborghini when you went to the bar in Tampa?
I wouldn't drive to the bar in Tampa.
Oh, really?
No, Bugsy would...
Tell whoopsies.
Tell whoopsies.
Okay.
Biz.
This is fucked.
You got one for me, another story?
Yeah, Whit asked Bugsy where he used to park his Lamborghini.
He basically, he was Batman in Tampa.
It was flat black.
I remember a divorce.
Yes, for sure.
So I don't know what really, I haven't been out or whatever.
He doesn't know, after the divorce, he didn't know where to park his car, right?
That's a problem.
I didn't know where we were going.
He was out of the game. He's divorced.
And we were, all the young guys, we were
trying to be nice to Bugsy because he was
so nice to us. We were like, hey, we'll
show you around. This is the bar we go to.
So Bugsy's at the rink getting treatment
after a week. I go home and change first.
I don't want to go to the bar. Bugsy has a
6,000 three-piece suit on. He looks like
James Bond, but tall. And he
all of a sudden, he had a Lamborghini.
So this place was on the corner of the street.
So you could hear it coming down like a half mile away.
I'm like, uh-oh, Bugsy must be coming.
All of a sudden, I'm like, yeah, my friend's coming parking.
He's like, yeah.
It had these open windows.
Bugsy honestly basically pulled in right by the bathroom.
He opened the door, and he could walk right in the bathroom.
And Bugsy's like, no one's going to know I'm here.
There you go.
You can't think?
You know he peed?
I don't even want to say the number.
So when he beeped the horn on this Lamborghini, instead of beeping it goes,
That was his horn.
Get the fuck out of here.
That didn't happen?
He did.
He's going to deny it, but he didn't.
Imagine when somebody
cuts you off and you
shoot.
Here's my one problem
with Bugs.
He seems to deny
a lot of stories.
He's just shy.
He's so shy.
He just says no
and makes you look
like a liar?
He's opening up
a lot today.
Can you make a horn
and sing it?
You can do whatever you want with money, Bugsy.
You're right.
You're right.
Oh, man.
He just thought about himself there.
No, but Bugsy's a guy that lives in the present.
I used to take pictures of him, too, because I was so funny.
I'm trying to remember what he's doing.
He's like, take my phone.
Don't do that.
It's all right here in your head.
It's all in the memory.
Live in the present.
I mean, I'd have to agree with Teddy.
I've got to document it and make some money off it.
I know.
I've been with you for two days.
Hey, speaking of Teddy.
I like to look into your eyes, Biz, you know?
Biz, we haven't talked about our Sunday with the Pats.
We haven't even  our podcast, we didn't talk about the Pats game, right?
No, because we recorded before the Pats game.
That was a very, very fun day.
Teddy, why don't you tell everyone what you said when I asked, what do you have on the game
today?
It was like, you taking the pats
today? That Mahomes has been a stud
all year, but it's so hard to bet against Brady in the
playoffs. You think?
These guys are all coming in from Boston too, so
I want to be on the same team as everyone
and cheer together. You don't want to be
that scumbag that if you
win, everyone else loses.
So it's like, you take any action on the game today?
I'm like, yeah, I got a Toyota Corolla on it.
He didn't laugh.
I'm like, oh, shit, that must have been that funny.
No, it was a tax, and I was like, what does he mean?
And Dana's like, I think that means how much he bet.
Like, what a Toyota Corolla costs.
That's so fucking awesome.
I was like, yeah, that is what he bet.
Well, I mean, so that's a lot of money.
I'm assuming close to 20,000.
That was probably the most nerve-wracking game
I've ever watched.
That was so fun.
They had like 25 reviews.
I didn't even have any money on it,
but I was nervous for you guys.
Yeah, me and you were sitting there
just taking it all in.
Yeah, me and Bugsy were kind of enjoying
your guys' ups and downs,
but that's a big win, Teddy.
Yeah, that got me right back.
Yeah, right back to down still, just hammered
in the hole a Hummer.
Bucsies Hummer he bought when he was
rookie year, that's what I'm stealing the whole.
It was yellow and black for the
color of the Berg.
You bought a Hummer. My rookie year,
yeah, I was like, if I make the Penguins
in the NHL, I'm going to buy
a Hummer, yeah, that's what my goal was.
That's a tough vehicle.
Tough for resale too.
Let's check back in with R.A.
R.A., coming to you from the front of the bus.
Checking all you guys.
Not a hell of a lot went on in the NHL since the last show.
This weekend with San Jose, we do have a lot of stuff on tap.
We don't have announcements for where we're going to be.
This podcast is dropping Thursday morning, but if you are in
San Jose, just follow us on social
media, Instagram, Twitter.
Our individual accounts, we will be announcing
what locations we're going to be, what bars
and whatnot we have going on.
We're definitely going to be meeting the crew, the San
Jose fans, all the NHL fans in the
area. Looking forward to a few days
out in the Bay Area. Maybe
a time for an organic ad read.
Eagle Energy, have you guys heard of that?
Yeah, it was really helping us this trip, actually.
I believe you.
I didn't really know what it was at first until you kind of
explained what it was.
It's an all-natural.
It's not the Hugh Darvish story either.
Yeah, Hugh Darvish used it naturally,
just wanted it and enjoyed it.
It's an all-natural caffeine inhaler.
It's a coffee replacement.
Because, you know, I mean,
you ever had coffee and then all of a sudden you got to shit your brains
out or, you know, some people don't like
the gut rot. Some people like feeling heavy
and then, of course, it dehydrates you by having to
piss. So we usually hit people with a
Biz20 promo code for 20
off. That's Eagle Energy.
And you can go to the website. They have,
like I said, the all-natural
caffeine inhaler. They're going to be doing
some giveaways. I was going to say the flavors taste good.
It kind of tastes like
Red Bull and Pez a little bit. Would you
not agree? Yeah, I taste the Red Bull.
Yeah.
Maybe that was from last night. Yeah, could have been from
last night. Could have been Kanopka
shots from 10 years ago.
So we're going to be actually doing a jersey giveaway.
We're going to give away a Coyotes jersey with Biz 20 on the back.
It's a Kachina jersey.
So follow them on social media at MyEagleEnergy on Twitter and Instagram.
Follow them.
They're going to be making announcements as far as how you can win that.
Once again, Eagle Energy, the all-natural caffeine inhaler.
Great stuff.
Biz 20 promo code for 20 off
bugs i'll even give you one for free that'd be great i was gonna say in the jersey maybe you
could tell the customer even like maybe you could jersey them old school style oh the old jersey jab
that's how i used to fight because i was too scared to stand in there and get fucking pummeled
hey do what you do instead of actually the biz 20 promo code over the All-Star weekend, so from here on out, use BizAllStar as the promo code.
That's B-I-Z-A-L-L-S-T-A-R.
You're still going to get your 20 off, but that will qualify you for some prizes.
As I mentioned, we're going to have an Arizona Coyotes signed jersey
with the promo code Biz20 on the back.
We're going to have a 2019 NHL All-Star tee. We're going to have an Arizona Coyotes signed jersey with the promo code Biz20 on the back. We're going to have a 2019 NHL All-Star tee.
We're going to have an All-Star hat.
We're going to be giving Eagle Energy merchandise away.
We're going to be giving away 10 packs.
So a lot of free giveaways.
Make sure you go on MyEagleEnergy on social media, Twitter, and Instagram.
They will be releasing more details on how to win all this stuff.
But start by using promo code bizallstar.
That's B-I-Z-A-L-L-S-T-A-R.
You're still going to get your 20 off.
That's all I have to say about it.
Biz, when you said taking a shit, it reminded me of a story.
So I got a buddy down in Hermosa Beach,osh riley he actually is a big fan of the
show yeah is he knows like every backup goalie like that ever played on the kings he's from
california never played hockey he just loves the backup loves him but anyways he played uh he plays
volleyball but he was telling us his buddy plays baseball with uh on the angels with vladimir
guerrero back in the day remember v Vladdy Guerrero? Oh, yeah.
Hall of Fame.
His kid's playing with the Jays now.
Yeah, so Vladdy, his buddy was in Anaheim.
He's a younger guy, and he was going in to take a shower,
but Vladdy was in there taking a shit with the door open.
And you know if you're naked in the dressing room,
you're taking a dump, your wiener's tucked away?
Yeah, yeah.
Vladdy's hog was so big, it was on the outside Of the toilet bowl Hanging over the bowl
Hanging over the bowl
You picture that
When you do it
So instead of seeing like
What looks like
It could be a female
On the toilet
Because you don't see the dick
Yeah
His is just flopped over
The
Flopped over the toilet
Because you can't put it
In the bowl
Because it would like
Get flushed down Or be like in the water
It because they want to make the frosting in the water
The water every float next to his law exactly
Anybody yeah, you definitely have flushed. Yeah, if you visit he had a turtleneck on would it help?
I don't get the joke buggy is a force in joke. He's got a five-minute probation
Yeah, you gotta put the mic down five minutes. He's like shit.sy. Is that a foreskin joke? Bugsy's on a five-minute probation.
Yeah, you got to put the mic down five minutes.
He's like, shit, thanks.
I needed a break.
Never worked this hard in my life on a free trip.
So, Vladdy Guerrero's got an absolute weapon.
I guess he's got a hose, right?
Okay, so add Vladdy Guerrero to the wrench team.
I'm assuming his kid's got a huge wrench, too.
He has to.
Kid has a can and all.
I know.
I've seen that.
I think he's supposed to be like a superstar, right?
Yeah, he's a good ball player. I think he's supposed to be like a superstar, right? Yeah, he's a good ball player.
I think he's spent a little bit of time with the Jays, I believe,
most of the year playing AAA with the
Who's your baseball buddy?
Oh, no, Hughes, right?
Phil Hughes, yeah.
He was like nasty for a while.
He was your daddy.
So that's that.
We're going to get him on the podcast.
You said he's got some unbelievable baseball stories.
Yeah, he's got some good ones.
Because they're just as crazy as us.
Yeah.
Speak for yourself,
Biz. I met hockey players.
I'm one of the generalists. That's another guy.
First time I hung out with Bugsy. So we go into the bar and I think he had a Malone
shirt on. He used to call me Set the
Tone Malone. He was a Tampa fan.
He had a lightning jersey.
He had a lightning jersey on
and at the back it said Set the Tone, number 12.
What was your nickname?
My nickname was the intern. just got i just got traded from la and like they were like i just got off the plane i was disheveled they were like you want to take a picture i was like
sure i was smiling like a dickhead and my hair looks like a micro i look like my head looked
like this microphone i'm speaking into right now and they put it on the jumbotron feels like who's
that guy is he an intern he could get like a nice tape coffee? So they were like testing the camera with the intern you.
So then we were like, we went to this out for dinner after the game.
And this guy was there.
And someone was like, do you know who that guy is?
And we were like, no, he has a set the tone shirt on.
Like, he's a loser.
And we were like, that's who you is.
Like a Wonder World series with the Yankees.
We were like, all right.
How much money did he make?
100.
100 mil.
He was an all-star.
He came down after the game. He came down after the game.
He came down after the game.
Then we went out and did the same thing.
He was like, yeah, I'll go out drinking with you guys.
And he loves the high vodka Red Bulls, the tall ones.
And after that, he got Bugsy.
He's like, yeah, I can hang with you guys.
All of a sudden, he was green.
He was like Kermit the Frog.
We're like, you all right, bud?
He's like, I don't think so.
I got to go home.
This is like two hours in.
Two hours in.
He got Bugsy.
Takes a special breed to be able to hang out with Bugsy.
Oh, we got, our RA's got some hockey news here.
More a little bit of advertising.
I want to talk to you about Zip Recruiter for a second.
You know, everyone knows hiring can be pretty time consuming.
You post a job to several online outlets, online job boards.
You get tons of the wrong resumes.
Then you've got to go through all the old resumes just to find a few people with the right skills and experience.
Those job sites that overwhelm you with the wrong resumes, they're not smart.
That's why you should do the smart thing and go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
Unlike other job sites, ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates for you.
Its powerful matching technology scans thousands of resumes to identify people with the right skills, education, and experience, and actively invites them to apply for your job.
So you get qualified candidates fast.
It's no wonder ZipRecruiter is rated number one by employers in the U.S.
This rating comes from hiring sites on Trustpilot with over 1,000 reviews.
And right now, our listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free at this exclusive web address,
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
If you love this show, show your support and support it and go to ZipRecruiter.
Go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
L-E-T-S.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter.
The smartest way to hire.
Lovely, R.A.
Hey, guys, can you please compliment R.A. on that?
That was a great answer.
Good job, R.A.
It was a lot better than my Eagle Energy ad read.
And I forgot to even read the email that they sent me.
That was also better than his apology when we had to go back for his ID.
And I forgot to even read the email that they sent me. That was also better than his apology when we had to go back for his ID.
We had a tough run-in with R.A. for getting his ID at the bar.
Delayed the trip to San Jose.
It's going to cut into Bugsy's sleep time.
Sleep when you're dead.
Sleep when you're dead.
I was just resting my eyes, bitch.
I ain't sleeping.
That's what he told me one time.
Fatigue catches us.
I forgot about the story of me and Bugsy.
Halloween in Pittsburgh.
Might have been 2008.
Oh, my God.
So we had a big win at home.
We had the day off the next day.
It was Halloween.
So most of the team was going to...
I think they were going to dinner or something,
but we ended up just going to get drinks.
So as the night's winding down,
and we're going to go meet everyone at Diesel down the road, we're at a bar.
Me and Bugsy found, well, I found the Wendy's girl, like the hair.
Like I just had a mask, the Wendy's woman.
What did you have?
The Burger King mask.
Yeah, and then Bugsy found a Burger King mask.
We paid people like 100 each at that thing.
We were like, we got to have a costume when we get to the bar to see the boys. So we get outside. We're in the thing. We were like, we gotta go we gotta have a costume when we get to the bar to see the boys. So we get
outside. I'm wearing the costumes. Bugsy's like
1, 2, 3, raise me to
the diesel bar you bitch! And just
takes off. He's sprinting
down Carson Street. So I'm like, oh shit
I gotta catch him. But I'm way behind him at this point.
So we're sprinting and people are going
cause I'm further back.
So as he's running by people are going, that was Ryan Malone.
Then they go, that's Ryan Whitney.
I'm sprinting into the Wendy's girl.
What are those things called?
Big tails.
Big tails.
Or handlebars.
He beats me up.
What did he say?
Folks, he goes,
or handlebars.
So he beats me.
He beats me to diesel
and I run up the stairs.
I run upstairs.
He's standing behind a wall
waiting for me
with a slice of pizza.
Slap! Buries me. I come around the stairs. I run upstairs. He's standing behind a wall waiting for me with a slice of pizza. Slap!
Buries me.
I come around the corner like, with a slice of large cheese pizza.
He slaps me in the face.
And then he's like, ha ha, suck a bitch.
I won the race.
And I owned you with the slab of pie.
So I have tomato sauce all over my face.
I got the Pippi Locks talking.
And I'm just laying there as Bugsy's the Burger King guy yelling out.
Did you tell the guys who you dressed up as at Racky's house?
Yeah, one year I dressed up as Bugsy for Halloween.
All the tats.
I just tattooed myself everywhere, and then I put on a stupid curly hair wig because he used to have long hair,
and I just walked around with a bottle of yeah going, what's up, boys?
Take a shot. Come on. We're trying to have fun. I and I just walked around with a bottle of yeah going, what's up, boys? Take a shot.
Come on.
We're trying to have fun.
Came here to get fucked down.
I didn't come here to get fucked down.
Came here to get fucked down.
That's it.
Then we shaved his head.
Then they shaved my head.
No way.
Yeah.
Are you a rookie?
That's rookie initiation.
You can get some trouble for that.
No, I mean, that's just being a team.
I don't know, man. You're going to
get some heat on social media.
Why? It was like,
hey, all the rookies are going to shave their heads this year.
I was just trying to stick up for Witt and make Bugsy feel insecure
about shaving your head. I had your back.
When you remind Bugsy
he bullies people. He's like, no, I don't.
He gets so sensitive about that.
He doesn't bully people. I'm getting bullied right now. I'm going to back you up. We've been making fun of Bugsy for he bullies people. He's like, no, no, no. He gets so sensitive about that. He doesn't bully people. I'm getting bullied
right now. I'm going to back you up. We've been
making fun of Bugsy for four days.
We want him here for three days.
But no, Bugsy, everyone
wants to be around him. He's like this contagious
idiot, and you can't say
no. I think he's my new best friend.
Yeah, see? I think I might move in with him.
Yeah. Grinnelli was coming over to me at the bar.
He's like, he's just so fun to drink with.
He keeps taking my ice out, but I love it.
I don't mind it when he does it.
I did love it.
It was awesome.
It's all about the boys.
You know, sometimes, like I said, you look at the times when you're away from the game.
It's the bus rides, the car trips, the laughs.
The golf is our face just hurt when you get home.
Bugsy came down to my golf tournament one time in Newfoundland,
and we were having a great time,
raised hundreds of thousands for the kids.
So then it was time to go play.
Yeah, we deserve it.
So then Bugsy was doing the ice trick,
and everyone knew who he was, where he was from.
People were coming up to him like,
can you take the ice out of my drink too?
Oh, Jesus.
So then Bugsy would take their ice, and then they'd drink it.
They're like, thanks, man. Oh then they drink it they're like thanks man
oh my god they're like hey man i got sick i got a nasty bug on my stomach and puked for three days
missed work lost a lot of money but i don't care that bugs you guys awesome i'd let them get i'll
let them get me sick any day of the week yeah if you can't handle your booze then yeah don't you're
like baby birding them their drinks oh man that's not he was always good as an older guy too like you know when you're young and yeah it's great i mean i take care of
them when you're young guys when you're yeah bugs looked after all of us and then so we'd like you
know when you're younger you're single you're trying to like go to different places if it's
the place isn't the best like you go somewhere else yeah you're just chasing it all night and
then at the end of the night it sucks You never stay anywhere Exactly And then we were doing it one night
Bugs was like
Whoa whoa whoa
Time out
And he started doing all these tricks
And he's like
Guess what boys
Fun finds us
And it's so true
We'd have fun
In a shoe box
It's the most truest statement
Yeah
And then every time
We went out after that
It's like
So true
It did find us
It's
And I told the story one time about my buddy
who says, just start smiling.
If you're just sitting around and laughing, people just
want to hang out with the guys laughing.
We always do the fake laugh at
some of the team.
We want to have the fun table.
Even the guys, you'd be eating your pregame
meal and Marty and Bugsy would be like,
let's just start crying laughing for no
reason. So we just died.
Everyone else was eating.
I know.
One of those guys.
I get wicked bad.
You want to be at the table so bad.
Remember we used to shoe check people in line underneath?
For pregame meals, I would always try to find Yans.
It sucked, though, because if I wasn't playing,
which was 50 of the time, I had to get bag skating,
like eat by myself.
But then even after at restaurants,
you're at a nice place, you're having a couple Even after at restaurants, you're at a nice place.
You have a couple of glasses of wine.
You're being a little loose. We start doing the laugh.
Then we start doing it and having so much fun.
People are like, why are those guys
having so much fun?
We did it at my buddy's
wedding. He was
sitting alone with the bride up
front. He finally bombed over.
He was like, what is so funny over here? He was so
mad that he wasn't. This is my wedding.
What are you guys laughing at? I need to know
this joke. That's where you got to go. Sorry, no smiling.
We're at a wedding. No laughing.
Sorry, man. I know I'm supposed to be so serious at the wedding.
Should have had open bars, scumbag.
Speaking of weddings,
to get into Bugsy's wedding, you had to
do a shot of Jager and put a tattoo on your body.
Who was the most undercover funny guy
you guys ever played with?
Like someone that we wouldn't expect
that you'd ever talk about.
At least in your time in Tampa.
Marty.
St. Louis is funny.
He's very shy,
but he can dance
and he's just a funny character.
So he was there at that rookie party
where you guys set it up at the Douglas.
I helped you guys set it up at the douglas i helped
you guys set up him and vinny were not happy obviously whoa because of the price of that oh
no i'm talking about remember when this is a funny story we're in like quebec city for our training
camp and some of the guys are from montreal like we had the schedule where we had like a scavenger
hunt and like yeah all this stuff it was like they didn't give us any time to hang out.
And then so we went out to the bar one night,
and finally we were all there.
Marty's like a prankster.
Why are you laughing so hard, buddy?
This is funny.
So Marty was behind the bar,
but Vinny's from Montreal too, and everyone knows Vinny.
So Marty's like a character.
So Marty gets behind the bar.
He's like this little circus midget. Marty's like a character. So Marty gets behind the bar. He's like, he's a little circus midget.
He's like dancing around.
He's happy.
But he puts his two thumbs
over the two vodka things.
And he was like,
watch this.
Vinny's going to look at me
and like want to do it.
Like to be the man
because we're both from Quebec.
So Marty puts his two fingers
over the vodka
and like pretends to chug it.
He's like,
dying.
And then Vinny's like,
I want to do that.
Yeah, give me that. So Vinny goes back and he actually does like two of them. And then he's like. He's like, dying. And then Vinny's like, I want to do that. Give me that.
So Vinny goes back, and he actually does, like, two of them.
And then Marty's like, all right, I'm doing it again.
So Marty just thumbs there.
He's, like, dancing.
Then Vinny's like, you're an animal.
We're like, attaboy, Vinny.
He's a good team player.
Way to be a captain.
Way to be a leader.
The next day, Vinny was done, and Marty's like, what happened to you, bud?
We always have little dance parties.
Oh, it was fun.
It was a fun team.
We wanted to do the trick the next night, but Bugsy got to the bottle first.
Well, I wasn't going to let Vinny drink by himself, that's for sure.
That's a true teammate.
It was a good time.
Any other RA?
What else you got for us up there?
Not much else going on.
I mean, some of the last couple of days, not a hell of a lot went on.
We kind of went over everything.
I don't know.
You guys have been enjoying it.
We could talk about the Coyotes for another 20 minutes.
Jesus, not again.
You guys been enjoying the view, man?
This is fucking unreal scenery, man.
You know, this is a fun show to do on the road, but you take a look out of the beautiful Pacific.
I mean, you got the cliffs here on Pacific Coast Highway.
This is great, man.
This is fun.
It's beautiful.
Why don't we ask them about who they think the frontrunners are to take the Cup this year?
Who are some teams you like?
I mean, I know that now that you're working with Adam Oates,
you tend to watch a lot of hockey or at least a lot of game tape.
Who do you like, Teddy?
I've seen, obviously, followed around Tampa a little bit.
I've seen them play when they're out here.
I mean, I know playoffs are different,
and an injury could screw things up one way or another,
just one injury.
But, I mean, the way they're playing right now
and how they bounce back even when they lose,
like over a seven-game series,
I think they're going to be a hard team to beat in the East.
Their goalie's playing good.
Heddy's playing 30 minutes.
But even guys like Girardi and Coburn,
these guys are
playing well.
Well-seasoned vets.
They've been through the trenches already.
It's their time.
I know that power play isn't...
You're not going to get that many power plays in the playoffs, but
they have four lines that just come at you in waves
and speed. You're like, who are these guys?
It's amazing that they can play to that pace
for the full 60 minutes.
Sorry, sorry.
Who's the Matthew Joseph?
He has like 10 goals.
What round was he drafted in?
It's like these young kids who just come up and they're nasty right away.
They all got that little edge too.
Like Kooch as he will to drop the glove stand.
Like that little extra edge in the playoffs if needed.
They won't get pushed around.
That type A personality where Malcolm's got it.
Sid's got it. sid's got it like
they're very controlled in it i mean but they got that they're not scared think about it if you're
gonna win a stanley cup i'll punch my mom in the face for the stanley cup like okay i mean i mean
that's a might be a tough analogy in 2019 but i think we get what you're saying uh headman's a
guy that i mean he's probably the best defenseman in the league now.
We don't really talk about him a lot on the podcast.
He's kind of undercover.
That's why he likes it in Tampa too, right?
He can just be himself, and he doesn't need that media and all that attention. Well, what's he like?
He's awesome.
Great guy.
Yeah, awesome guy.
Great personality.
He came in when he was 18.
And you know what?
That's another thing, like, those GMs you guys are talking about,
they let those young guys develop.
Like, early on, there were some rumors about getting rid of him, you know? But he was, like, those GMs you guys are talking about, they let those young guys develop. Like, early on, like, there were, like, some rumors about getting rid of them,
you know, but he was, like, you know, a big piece of the puzzle,
but they stayed patient with him.
They were going to get rid of him?
Well, you kind of heard some of those rumblings, you know.
Rumblings, but you're like, hey, they stayed patient with him,
and, I mean, they really, you know, I think patience is kind of a thing.
Like, oh, Toronto lost 10 games.
Well, guess what?
There's 72 more, so, I mean, they should be fine.
And this is a crazy thing to say, and I might get smothered for it,
but he's essentially become what Lindstrom became to Detroit,
where he's giving you 30 minutes every night,
or maybe 25 just to be safe,
where you know what you're getting every night.
He's a robot.
Yeah, yeah.
And he's became that player, like you said,
because they've allowed him to develop, make the mistakes,
and learn from him.
Yeah, yeah.
But, I mean, you surround him with, you got Girardi, McDonough.
Like, those are seasoned vet McDonough.
You don't even hear about him.
Nope.
You don't hear about him anymore.
He's down there, you know, doing his thing.
I mean, I think, you know, that would be my favorite.
Wow.
I mean, it's going to sound a little biased because it's really been a Tampa flooded episode.
What about the West?
Well, yeah. who do you guys?
I like Winnipeg.
Winnipeg's sick.
But the West, like Winnipeg, Nashville.
I didn't see that Vegas.
Winnipeg, Nashville, Vegas, and then San Jose is coming.
The West is tough.
I know.
It is so hard.
I think the West is like a bigger, heavier game too,
especially in the playoffs.
You watch a West game and it's like a war.
You're like, oh.
Yeah, it's like scary.
But didn't you think Winnipeg was going to try?
I mean, I was wrong about Vegas all season,
but Winnipeg could get back there again and not.
Yeah, I think because think about it.
Okay, they battle their asses off three rounds,
get into the final, say, against Tampa.
Tampa's flying.
I know.
And those big guys keep the pace.
I mean, you're playing for the Stanley Cup.
I think so, right?
I mean, everything's on the line. Everything's keep the pace. You're playing for the Stanley Cup. I think so. Everything's on the line.
Everything's on the line.
Do you remember our run clearly?
I just thought that was...
It just went by so fast.
I'm like, holy shit, we're in the Stanley Cup finals.
It was two and a half months, I think.
Every other night you have a game,
and every game is so fun.
That's what I'm going to miss the most,
is just playoff.
Then you get to suite on the road with your team, and you game is so fun. Yeah, I think I'm gonna miss the most is just playoff And then you get this sweet on the road with your team
Oh, and you're all and you're playing cars and you're having dessert and then yeah
You get you get treatment you get massage and you take an ambo and go right upstairs and you like wake up a game day
Pugs he's played you in so calm while you're on the ambient and like you've already been modem of 3000
Sorry, you don't remember I was playing good though
while you were on the Ambien, and you've already Van Modem 3000. He's like, sorry, you don't remember.
I was playing good, though.
So what you guys
are referring to, as I'll describe it for fans,
is of course you go on the road for, what,
four days because you're playing in the same city.
Even after games, you stay
in the playoffs, too. Correct.
It's kind of like how baseball is the whole
regular season. And at that point,
too, you no longer have the
pressure of the regular season
to get into playoffs and as the rounds go on like there's no more game there's game by game yeah
no looking forward right there's no looking forward and and and once again that pressure
is kind of off in a sense where it's coming from within it's either you're going to get the job
done or not and if you do have a bad game you're not going to get scalded or bag skated you get
the fucking just go yeah you have to yeah it's just the, you're not going to get scalded or bag skated. You get to fucking just go record.
You have to, yeah.
And it's just the boys.
You're just doing it for each other.
And then, as you mentioned, you get the room on the road where they set up like an Xbox.
Guys are chirping.
You fart in the room.
It stinks.
And everyone's having a good time.
And you're watching the other games, too.
And then you're getting fired up.
And we always go back to this.
If you've gone that far, chances are you have a very close-knit group.
Yeah.
So it's even more fun.
And, yeah, some of the most fun I've had on the roads is in those hotel rooms,
the big suites, playing video games and chirping guys.
Yeah, I mean, the playoffs, the games, like I remember the first time,
okay, playoffs are different.
You're like, what?
All right, so we're in the playoffs against Ottawa.
The first period, I think they all shot us like 22 to 2,
and I think they had 10 guys on the ice.
It just came in.
It was simple hockey.
Chip it in, run our guy through the glass, shoot it from fucking everywhere.
Everywhere.
Goal line, go to the net.
It was just simple.
Because rebounds were just positive.
Yeah, they were just going.
It was just chaos, right?
I think they also were like, all right, Whitney's on the ice, Gonshar.
We weren't the hardest.
Just hand those motherfuckers in.
Or it was hard to play against.
Yeah, but it was an eye-opening experience.
That's where you get teams,
the game's changing obviously now, but North-South hockey, playoff hockey,
you gotta get going. Guys aren't
taking time on the back check. They're
coming back just as hard as they're going
forward. There's not that much time.
It's a different beast and you have to elevate
a lot less time and space. There's not that much time. It's a different beast and you have to elevate a lot less time and space.
That's why
sometimes it's a little difficult
for the Euros
who come in their first playoff experience.
Not only are you going from the international ice
to regular season NHL ice,
now all of a sudden you have even less
time and space in playoffs.
It's a different beast.
As you said before, I I said, Gino,
they're willing to throw down if it came to it, right?
They're the leaders.
Claw for that extra inch.
Ovechkin as well.
He'll lead physically.
He'll do whatever.
You do what you got to do.
I want to ask Teddy a question.
Teddy, what's the minimum it would take for you to go back to playing in the KHL again?
I was there for four months.
It felt like four years.
So it's like doggy years for me For one season
What's the least it would take
For you to go over to the cage
To do one full season?
They have the training camp too
Training camp too?
Oh that's so July
July 7th
Five million cash?
July 7th to March
Well maybe April
They go there
It's like ten months over there
They'd have to send me
Twelve million cash
Before I got on a flight.
And then they have to pay for my flight too.
So 12 million and like 2,000 or 3,000 to fly because first class.
I've got to be honest too, 10 million would probably do it, but the extra 2 for 12 minutes.
You said the training camp?
The training camp is the only issue.
That's what I mean.
So 10 for the regular season, 2 for camp.
Why is the training camp so hard?
Well, it's two months long.
They skate twice a day.
Twice a day, and then you've got to run 10 kilometers a day.
We were over there once, and I don't know if I told this story.
We played on a soccer field for practice.
My booger is frozen down to my top lip.
And after practice, it was a two-and-a-half-hour practice,
we had to do 40 laps on a soccer field.
I thought the coach was joking.
It was like minus 32.
He couldn't breathe.
I took my stick, and I threw it.
I was skating around like a speed skater.
My back was cramped.
My shoulders were done.
40 laps.
What shoulders?
Time out.
What shoulders?
I know.
Seriously.
They were really nice, though.
After 20 laps, they made us go the other way.
So at least they were nice on that.
So I think I might have mentioned this
on one of the interviews we did
over the course of the All-Star break,
but Jeff Carter said that Kovalchuk
would have been a great guest
to get on the show
because he's a pretty vocal guy.
I mean, the guy's been everywhere,
you know,
got probably some unbelievable stories,
but he's a little upset
about the KHL bashing
that we've had on some
of the podcasts, so he's now
not going to come on. But I thought, what
a better way to defend Russia. Sorry,
that's my fault. Well, no.
I was getting bashed on
social media, too. I don't even have a lot of followers
on anything. We had
journalists from Russia reach
out to us. But then they translate it, and it's like
broken English, so it comes back different, and it's like it's broken English.
So it comes back different, so then you just get ripped even more.
But I thought,
what better way to...
Pomo Chuck is a great guy, though. Before he came out here,
I had dinner with him and Danny.
He was at Heater's house, and we live a couple of streets away.
So I went down and talked to him.
Doesn't he live in Beverly Hills?
Not even close to the practice ring.
He's driving for hours a day, but he has a road.
I'm okay with him defending his country,
but I think he should come on the podcast and do it
and maybe correct us on some of the things that maybe you guys have gotten wrong.
Not saying that's the case, but he seems to have a different opinion than you.
I don't think you can change Baby Witt's mind about it.
I'm being a baby too.
I was not ready for that.
I wasn't ready, but I'm so happy I did it now
R.A.
what
anything else
on the hockey front
no
nothing happened
in the last 10 minutes
since
Whitney asked me
the last 10 minutes ago
no new players
four times now
being like
guys any hockey news
and each time
he's like
nope
actually yeah
I remember this other time
and then Teddy's like
no no
so I got this other story
about this
how long have we been going Mikey about an hour and a half I was like, oh, actually, yeah, I remember this other time. And then Teddy's like, no, no, so I got this other story about this.
How long have we been going, Mikey?
About an hour and a half.
I mean, anything else you guys want to specifically talk about?
Hold on, there's got to be something else. Well, here, let me go take a piss.
You guys can continue.
We'll talk about Biz's jacket.
Let's talk about Biz's jacket for a minute.
Biz, how much was that?
500 at least?
That jacket, we don't even need lights.
I think it was 450.
It was at Barney's New York.
Sammy Lapiso dared me to buy it
and wear it out to the bar
and he would pay for half it
if I did it.
And I think I actually
mustered up a kill in it.
So this thing's my little hot tamale.
Peacock.
Peacock.
It's a good conversation.
My little Peacock jacket.
Peacock.
Yeah, it's a great conversation starter.
Like, do you get dressed in the dark?
Yeah.
Bugsy's like, you playing Tetris?
Asteroid.
Playing Atari, I think, on Biz's jacket.
Asteroid.
Asteroids.
Pew, pew, pew.
Well, Teddy, what else we got?
I'm sweating balls right now.
I know, it's so hot.
We probably should save a couple of stories for the weekend.
Exactly.
We're going to have more for everyone anyways.
We still have three.
Is it Wednesday, Thursday, Friday?
We have four nights.
Oh, my God.
This is a long trip.
But, yeah, so we'll have more.
Yeah, so we'll wrap up right now as business in the bathroom,
hopefully pissing on that jacket.
Thank you very much for listening, and thanks so much, Teddy and Bugsy.
I love both of you guys.
Thanks for having us. Thanks for having us.
Thanks for having us.
Thanks for making the trip, boys.
It's been a blast.
Thanks, all right.
Thanks for that.
Peace, 20, promo code Eagle Energy.
Don't listen to these guys.
They jerk me.
Just check out my Instagram.
DM me if you're hot.
See ya.
See ya.
See ya.
See ya. Thank you. I was thinking to myself, this could be heaven and this could be hell.
