Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. California California California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California
California California California California California In the city In the city of Compton
We keepin' it rockin'
We keepin' it rockin'
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 145 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
We're still out here in California, winding up All-Star Weekend.
Let's see who's still alive here.
Biz, how are you feeling, brother?
The West Coast Wagon Tour.
Boys, I feel like we've been on the road a month.
And a half.
Yeah.
That's the wit dog.
We also have Teddy Purcell and Bugsy Malone joining us.
Bugsy's dressed to the nines today.
I said, Teddy, you tell him what you said right when you saw him.
I was like, Bugsy, what are you doing?
What are you wearing?
He was just prancing down in the lobby, and he goes, it's Saturday, boys.
So he has a suit on, and no socks and yellow, I don't know what kind of shoes those are.
Those are Louis Vuitton sneakers.
Not a big deal.
They look expensive, though.
Yeah, they do look expensive.
So does the suit, Bugsy.
Well, either way, what a week.
Biz is right.
I mean, this is like the month-long trip.
I need to go home.
I need to get healthy again.
But we've had a time.
We've had a time.
It's been like chiclets just coming on the scene.
Thankfully to these two guys.
I mean, Teddy's getting us McDavid.
You guys help with Stamkos.
We had Dreitzadl with McDavid.
So it's been a week of interviews that not many other people seem to get.
It's just different when we see these guys.
So thanks to these two, it's been a joy.
Let's start from the beginning.
We got to L.A. on Sunday.
When was our last show?
Wednesday, when we recorded on PCS.
Oh, yeah, Jesus.
With Petty and Bugsy.
So now, of course, we've got to wrap the whole experience up.
Two shows in a row.
Two in a row. Checks of winning streak. wrap the whole experience up. Two shows in a row. Two in a row.
That's a winning streak.
Checks in the mail.
Checks in the mail.
We got there Sunday, Patriots game.
We forgot to mention on the last podcast,
big thank you to Kevin Conley,
who has a bar in West Hollywood called Goal.
Goal.
And they hosted us.
And apparently he was a little upset we didn't give him the shout-out.
And he was upset during our celebration there that I caught on my Instagram Live.
Some irresponsible member of our group broke.
Whoa.
Gaz.
We're a team, first of all.
I was right under the bus.
The team, the team, the team.
So a 1,400 flat screen, by the way.
I didn't know they were still 1,400.
I thought you'd get that TV for 200.
Goal had nice TVs.
I just didn't know TVs cost that much.
I bought one for 10,000 once.
A year later, it was 300.
That was the first thing you bought with your signing.
I bought it for my dad.
I bought it for my dad.
My brother Colin still tells this story.
He's like, I think I gave him like a book he had ended up already reading,
and you showed up with your framed first jersey from an NHL game and a 10,000 TV.
He's like, fucking middle son, Jesus Christ.
But, yeah, it ended up losing value quick.
So we owe Kevin Conley money.
Either way, we're going to send him in a check.
So, yeah, we should have shouted them out before.
It was just a days after that Patriots win.
Collins was pretty nice about it too.
He said the video evidence from security
footage would have left us in a bad
spot. As far as breaking
the television. Yeah, so the video doesn't lie.
So Bugsy keeps referencing
the team aspect of, I think,
him breaking the television because he was
spraying his beer bottle and the TV got
wet and then it was broken. We're going to replace
it. Now, I'm a principal
guy. I wasn't shaking
the beer, but all of a sudden
you're the one who shakes the beer, breaks the TV.
Hey, it's a team sport. It's just like, well, fuck.
I mean, would you be that thrilled if I
fucked up the TV? Well, it's like I'm not paying the fine
of the guy who gets suspended for cross-checking
someone in the face. That's kind of what you said, but we were all
like, we're all going to chuck in a little money.
We are going to chuck in, and I'm just saying.
Fun levels are high.
Okay.
And first of all, if you look at the film, there was no bottles.
You know what?
You know what?
You know who's going to pay for the television?
Those were pitchers.
Those were bottles.
Those were pitchers.
Those are correct.
Those were pitchers.
You know who's going to pay for that, though?
Who?
It's Barstool because we have banked so much good content for them.
Dave Portnoy is going to be very thankful of all the work we've done on this trip.
First try is Barstool.
Now let's move it on to Monday.
And we banked Scotty Upshaw, Comrie.
I don't even remember if we got an individual interview with Teddy.
Did get one with Bugsy.
But then the most important part of that day, R.A. showed up.
Oh, boys.
I mean, I don't even know if R.A. remembers he showed up on Monday
because he went to the dispensary and he must have ate a fucking, what, 10 pounds?
Well, you know, I got there.
I was still exhausted from my flight.
You know, I was stuck about three hours.
No, I mean, right when I walk in, Bugsy's like,
hey, how you doing, Bugsy?
I'm like, hey, he hands me a Budweiser.
So I was off and running.
How about him not knowing who Teddy was
and asking Teddy to get him a beer during the show?
He just pointed at me.
He's like, hey.
No, when I walked in, he said, hey, how you doing?
I said, hey, nice to meet you.
But we didn't really say each other's names.
I said, hey, Teddy, nice to meet you.
And then he motioned at me to get you a beer.
I was like, does this guy need his shoe shine, too, during the interview?
Be me, bitch.
Be me, bitch.
He didn't recognize him without a helmet on.
That's how I recognize all you guys.
Okay, so do you remember falling asleep at dinner?
Yeah, yeah.
I was fucking beat.
I was exhausted.
I had probably three or four edibles because I was dying.
I didn't have a pre-roll, so I ate a few edibles before dinner.
And yeah, the beer, the edibles, the tiredness all caught up to me.
I took a quick little cat nap.
How about eating office manager Brett's whole meal?
We didn't talk about this?
No.
Brett went to the bathroom and he comes back and R.A. is just mowing his food.
I explained to Brett, well, everything prior to that was family style, correct?
We were all eating on the same.
No.
Appetizers.
You slept through the time when we ordered our meals.
Pasha vouch for me.
Pasha.
I was eating the sushi. Either way. I was ordering for me. Pasha. I was eating the sushi.
Either way.
I know we're on the radio, but I'm raising my hand.
I know we're on the radio.
Okay, let Bugsy go.
R.A. is asleep.
Brett goes to the bathroom.
R.A. comes to and just grabs a bowl
and starts eating it.
It's been sitting there for a while.
And it was ramen. It was with a spoon. With chopsticks, too. I was using the chopsticks, too. What? it's been sitting there for a while. And it was ramen. It was with a spoon.
With chopsticks, too.
I was using the chopsticks, too.
I was like, what?
It's been sitting there a while.
As Brett left for the bathroom, he was like, dude, I just took one bite.
That was so good.
I'm starving.
I just got a piss.
He comes back.
It's gone.
It's in R.A.'s stomach.
He's just like, sorry, bud.
I thought it had been sitting there a while.
Well, that's because you were asleep for 20 minutes.
Yeah.
A little cat nap, actually.
Either way, I thought
we talked about that. Let's talk about how when
we had him come to the restaurant, he couldn't find
the front door, so he was walking around in front.
He had to call me three times to get in there.
I'm like,
I called him, and I'm like, dude, I'm
staring right at you. Just come inside the
fucking entrance.
Finally, you slept, walked your
way in, and slept through ordering the meal and
then ate uh brett by the way brett is getting torched oh this kid brett he's been great for
us this week he we've everything's been on the ball you know uh maybe a couple things but that's
all right who doesn't make mistakes who doesn't make mistakes but he's been great but poor kid
at home is just just getting abused by dave portnoy so he's in one for when
he gets home but you know we just get to go home and sleep like he's just right back into the fire
um uh let's talk about the bugsy story that we've referenced a few times we talked about it briefly
because he's got the deep breath he's like right away he's like fuck we talked about it in the
stammer interview we never ended up telling it if If you don't tell it, Bugsy,
what's going to when you got called in by Edzo
after your fun night in Long Island?
I don't even like where this is going.
You just go tell a story.
Well, no, you...
And I would go change it at the end to the real facts.
You do it.
Or let's just argue about it for 30 minutes
and burn the whole podcast.
You were playing online with Mario, but...
You were having a great rookie year.
But he was obviously the owner, player.
And tell everyone what you called him, too, his nickname.
Okay, well, that's probably the nickname I've ever heard, Ace.
The best.
The best.
But you have to be special to have it.
No one can just be Ace, you know?
Makes sense, Mario's Ace.
Yeah, I mean, he's pretty good.
So I'm a rookie,
so I'm just, you know, following the leadership
group, and... You didn't know better.
That's what you told me. You didn't know. No, we don't
know. I mean, I'm in the NHL. I made the Pittsburgh
Penguins. I'm like, my work is pretty good.
I'm like, I'm somewhere
where I never thought I'd ever make it, so I'm really
soaking it all in.
You know, I mean, who, you know, you never think
you'd ever be in those shoes. So, you know, you're taking all in. You know, I mean, you never think you'd ever be in those shoes.
So, you know, you're taking it in.
You know, my dad said you kind of, your first year,
you want to keep your mouth shut and your ears and eyes open, right?
Yep.
Okay.
I like that.
I like that saying.
It's great.
It really describes you well.
So you go out for a few team dinners,
and at night the wine gets going a little bit.
And in Long Island there used to be a restaurant slash bar next to the hotel.
Garden City Inn or something it was, I think.
Shocker Witt knows the name.
So we had a few drinks.
I don't even think Mario was playing.
But so we had a few drinks.
I don't even think Mario was playing.
But we had a few drinks. Ended up coming back probably a little later than curfew.
So anyway, played the game.
Ended up scoring the OT winner.
Not a big deal.
But next, we get back from the road trip.
Edzo, you know, pulls me in the office. And he's like, you know, how's it going, Buggies?
I'm like, oh, pretty good.
You know, life's good.
Oh, too.
Where are you?
You like that one, Coach?
Yeah.
I'm like, where are you?
Life's good.
He's like, hey, I know you're, you know, hanging out with some of the old, you know, Buckburgers,
the older guys on the team.
I'm like, hey, listen, I'm a big boy.
I can think for myself, make my own choices.
They have nothing to do with, you know, whatever is going on.
It's like, well, don't think we won't send you down.
I'm like, oh, shit.
Whoa, whoa.
No, no.
You got to tell the part about what time he goes, what time is he at home?
Oh, yeah.
I'm like, what time is he at home?
And I'm like thinking, man, you must have saw.
Like curfew is like I think 10 o'clock or something on game night.
So I was like, man, I came home like around 12.
I'm like, 12 o'clock?
And he's like, on a game night?
I'm like, I'm sorry.
I just figured I'd tell him the truth.
I didn't know that curfew thing was real.
Or something.
I was like, I'm going to tell him the truth.
And, you know, tell him the truth. What else is he going to do? But anyway, I was like i was like i'm gonna tell him the truth and uh you know tell him the
truth what else they're gonna do but anyway i was like fuck i'm busted i'm probably gonna send me
down so i go right to ace i go ace fuck edzo said they might send me down he's like you ain't going
anywhere kid didn't you say he just like kind of like this? You ain't going anywhere, bud. No, Eric.
Bud, it's probably, remember I told the story about. He's the owner of the team.
Remember that story I told about Edzo in training camp.
Yeah.
The bag skate.
Anytime Mario was on the ice, we knew you would never get bag skated.
Because the ace would just be like, cracks over.
He had to blow the whistle.
I got a golf tee time to catch up to here.
Oh, my God. God, that's a fucking unbelievable story. And he did it justice. over. I got a golf tee time to catch up to here.
That's a fucking unbelievable story.
He did it justice. He didn't leave anything out other than the fact that instead of 12,
the answer was 4 a.m.
Well, it depends what coast
you're looking at.
He's still trying to sugarcoat
the fucking story.
He still had something quick there for you.
Another funny one that I heard was the Teddy Purcell.
Would you write all these down on your phone?
You're pretty good at that.
Well, yeah.
I mean, I hear funny stories that I think our fans deserve,
and I find that when we're drinking more alcohol,
they tend to come out more, so I always usually memo pad them.
Teddy, the Halloween story in Edmonton when your costume was,
I mean, I thought it was genius.
You told the story yesterday.
Can you refresh our memory?
Yeah, it was...
Actually, I got to give credit.
It was Matt Green gave me the idea,
and I wanted to stay in character.
So I was in Edmonton.
I think it was...
No, I think it was my second year there, actually.
And we rented out this bar.
We rented out the top floor, though.
So I was a bathroom attendant.
So my parents were up there with me.
My mom, we went out to the dollar store.
We got like 30 face cloths.
She folded them nice.
Gum, cigarettes.
You couldn't fold those yourself?
No, they were nice.
He was smoking the cigarettes.
He was trying to remain in character, Bugsy.
Come on.
Yeah. So I got Jolly Ranchers, gum, hair gel, cigarettes, mirror.
Axe spray.
Axe spray.
Shower in a can.
Cologne, deodorant, toothpicks, everything.
Rubbers?
Yeah, there's rubbers.
Not like we use them.
I had a three-piece suit on.
So I show up to the party like
before everyone obviously so i was there like an hour before just in case someone came early
um so then i was getting texts and everyone was like where the hell's teddy so i was staying in
the bathroom i had my candle lit the bartender was bringing me in beers and i stayed in there
the whole time and the guys were like hey the joke's over now like get out of here i'm like i
just work here man like i'm just here i'm just here collecting my paycheck but then the funny
part was this guy was on a date downstairs but he went upstairs to take a dump and he walked in and
he obviously has been there before and it was the oilers i think he knew we were having a party and
he must have wrecked the only guy in edmonton that knew who i was and so he starts taking his shit
and it's like a small it's like one stall and a few urinals.
And he's like, the first one hit,
and I was trying not to giggle.
He's like, dude, this is a little awkward.
Can you get out of here?
I light a match.
I'm like, no, man, you've got to chew your food, though.
All he wants is to be alone, too.
He's like, get out of here.
I was like, sorry, man, I'm just working here.
And anyways, by the end of the night,
all the guys and all the wives were coming in,
taking pictures, and we were just having a party in the bathroom.
I mean, I think that's pretty nice.
And you're obviously a method actor.
The fact that you remained in character the whole night says a lot.
And the fact that everyone came in the bathroom to party says a lot about why we have him
on this fucking West Coast wagon tour.
Have I told the Eminger Halloween party costume on this before? No, and have i told the emminger um halloween party costume on
this before no and if you have tell it again steve emminger's funny funny bastard so we're we're in
and we're on the docks and he i don't know exactly the character i'm pretty sure it was the guy in
dodgeball who drives around like the motorized scooter like the old guy he's like the coach you
know i think he was him either way his costume he it was in a
motorized scooter and he like had to be in it so all night we're at sharky's in newport beach
and he's just driving around and nobody knows who he is so people are like oh this guy's in a
wheelchair sorry sir sorry sir he's like no thank you thank you like just being ridiculous right
so all night he's just it's a pain in the ass you know like people were like it was packed and he's
just bumping into knees Bumping into ankles
So I remember sitting up top
I'm like
When are you gonna get out of this
I asked him
He's like
In 20 minutes
Just watch when I get up
Cause I'm like
What do you mean
So he bumps into people
Bumps into people
He's finding like
Really causing a ruckus
And I'm sitting up there
Watching all of a sudden
He just stands up
He's like
Thank you guys
There was 40 people
That were like
Fuck you
Cause all night He was like He was so there was 40 people they're like fuck you because all night
he was so annoying that when he stood up i was looking at one guy's eyes he was this big fat
guy and he was so pissed off before he stood up i could tell and teddy i mean teddy emmer got up
and the guy's just like just he walked away he's like see you later boys you can see the smoke
coming out of their ears.
Holy fuck.
There's probably going to be some people offended by that one,
but considering it probably happened eight years ago,
means like back then it was still maybe kind of
took it as a joke.
Nowadays, you're hooped.
I want to ask R.A. a question
before we get back to some stories that I wrote down in my notes.
R.A., what was the most memorable part of the weekend for you?
Or week, I should say.
Who were some of your favorite interviews?
You don't have to name everyone like you did the Seattle team.
Just name a few who really stuck out to you.
It's probably the obvious answer, but having McDavid come by.
I think it's great that these guys were here in this RV in a parking lot
in the middle of downtown San Jose.
These guys are taking time out of their busy schedule to come by and visit us.
I think that's a testament to where we are in the hockey media community right now
and also the fact that they're like chummy with us.
They listen like Claude Giroux.
You can tell he's a listener to the show, man, and that's flattering.
To me, I guess having those guys be listeners to the show
has probably been the highlight for me so far.
I thought it was cool, too.
Like you said with McDavid, he comes on and right away he's giving it to Teddy.
Stammer comes on.
Before we even get into anything, he just calls out Biz for calling mental midget.
Guys here, even if guys don't listen, I think if we're chirping them a little bit, they'll end up hearing something.
I chirped Nylander the other day, not like in a harsh way.
I just said, hey, he's going to fucking start scoring.
I thought it was pretty harsh.
You said you would outscore him.
That's harsh.
Well, and then I said, here comes your chicklets bump.
And then that night against Washington, three apples.
So he doubled his scoring.
Went from three points to six points.
With that fire.
So I'll send you my address, Nylander.
Maybe get a little check in the mail out because you're probably going to hit another bonus this season.
All right, some of your funny moments of the week?
They were probably mostly at my expense, I would say.
That might be, yeah.
I don't really remember.
Yeah, also, too, I think a couple of guys got a chicklet bump.
I mean, Pasta won his competition.
Hank won his competition.
Connor won his competition. Leon did his competition. Connor won his competition.
Leon did too.
Leon too.
Bingo.
Wow, the big bump right there.
But funny parts of the week.
I don't know.
Just like that, probably the bus ride, I think.
The camaraderie of it almost felt like we were on a road trip in some regards.
It was a much longer bus ride than it probably needed to be, so I heard.
But it was gorgeous the first half when we were on the PCH
looking over the cliffs and seeing
that's a road I've wanted to drive for
years, so it was cool driving that.
As far as funny, man, like I said, you guys
probably answer that because I've been inadvertently
providing most of the laughs.
I thought it was pretty funny that
I completely proved Biz wrong this
weekend. Yeah, Biz called out Grinnelli.
There was some Grinnelli slander on the two episodes ago saying that I need to get laid
and I never get laid and I never get any tail.
Well, I think I got the most tail out of anyone here.
Oh.
I mean, I'm not going to comment.
You got laid, Mikey?
I mean, how many did you get, Mikey?
I got two notches.
Whoa.
Out of anyone here, like, that's you and Biz.
I'm married.
Yeah.
That's true.
Are you all right?
How about you?
I'm not in the competition, bro.
Well, we got a couple other guys here behind the scenes.
I did okay.
That's all I'll say.
He's like, yeah, it was an okay trip.
I didn't have to pay for a meal.
I haven't done any laundry because I've got some new clothes,
so that was doing okay for you.
Fuck off.
You say new clothes?
You got the same jumpsuit on.
Okay, so part of the jokes this week,
obviously Bugsy being handsome and his charisma,
and he finally actually got out of his skater outfit
and put an even better outfit on.
Those cankles, I forgot about those things.
Jesus.
You know, Bugsy being as gorgeous as he he is obviously that attracts a lot of attention from girls
probably especially during his playing career now whit told me a funny story about msg uh
about a number of people wants this one out there no no but this is funny you didn't do anything
wrong actually you were just coming off the ice and it's like i'm right in front of him ryan ryan and i
look up and i mean yes complete smoke like chucks a piece of paper and it wasn't i was not the ryan
because it was ryan malone who's like thanks opens he goes phone number must look good tonight in
warm-ups.
And wasn't he shriveling you?
Because he's like,
you thought it was for you.
Yeah, and he's like,
wait, you didn't actually think that was for you, did you?
You didn't know I was behind you?
So that was funny.
Oh, God.
And then we got to San Jose.
Of course, you mentioned
all the interviews we banked.
Fuck, boys.
That was a massive week for spit and check.
Is there anyone we didn't get that you guys wanted to get?
Oh, yeah.
Sidney Crosby.
Yeah.
But he got sick.
And Bugsy, he was sick, too.
So we really couldn't get it together.
But I think having all those other guys on, Sid at one point now.
Now, let me ask you guys.
How would you rate Teddy and Bugsy's performances?
One to ten, each of them.
Ten.
Teddy's a ten.
Bugsy was a nine.
Because he didn't come out one night.
Which, if one of us did...
Oh, I thought we were a team.
I thought we were a team.
Yeah, if one of us, like...
Yeah, if we didn't go out, oh, my God.
You wouldn't hear the end of it.
I'm, like, ten years older than all these stories.
So, I mean, like, give me a break.
I'm a dad, really.
True, true, true. But I've seen
the engine still
revs. Also, Biz, we want to thank
New Amsterdam Vodka for the hookup.
We got the suite for the game
and the skills competition. They hooked it up
the Friday night. We had the food, booze, everything.
All the staff, we met a bunch
of them. They've been very happy with our marriage
that we've had with them so far.
So keep drinking the Pink Whitney's.
We had them on board last night.
They are a delicious cocktail, by the way.
Speaking of last night, the skills, really cool.
And I think the moment we all were watching the closest was Kendall Coyne,
the girl from the United States Olympic team.
Gold medalist, correct, Grinelli?
Correct.
Gold medalist.
Comes out of the gates buzzing.
I think it was 14 and a half seconds right around then.
And I turned to Teddy.
We had a video of it.
I don't know where that went.
But that was sick.
Yeah, apparently Pavelski was maybe going to go.
And he deferred after that because he didn't want to be embarrassed.
Well, your boy Keller lost to her, right?
Yeah, yeah.
She was flying.
Flying. It was quite shocking.
I don't think I would be able to move that fast in my prime.
No, I know.
I don't think any four of us could.
I know.
A Sandman.
I'm going to put my mic down.
But still, a cool moment, right?
Very cool.
They implemented a couple of olympians from canada
and the united states uh actually i think one of which won one of the competitions and beat
dry's title yeah the passing one the passing one that was impressive and and apparently like
there's a bit of outrage online because they want her to get the money because there's like prize
money and so she actually had the best time she and dry's idol was
second but he was like the first nhler so he won oh dude yeah she needs to get paid on that which
which i'm sure they're they're gonna figure that out spare change for joy her name is brianna decker
that the johnson brianna decker she was going around like she's sitting in a rocking chair
she her form was unbelievable yeah when she did those turns i was like what this she looks like
ray bork out there making tight turns.
So these girls are just...
It's pretty cool to see. I mean, I remember
I said, when I was in high school, I think we
scrimmaged the 98 women's Olympic team
and they
weren't great and now it's just like
their levels of improvement are
outstanding. We should mention the
accuracy contest was won
by David Pasternak. He was the first to go.
He whipped right through it.
It brought to mind another former Bruin, Ray Bork, who won his many moons ago.
Four shots.
They took him, and he's going to be joining the show a little later.
We interviewed him a couple weeks back, and we're going to be bringing him Ray Bork.
Actually, you know what?
I think we should go right to him right now.
Let's go to Ray Bork.
Boom.
Done.
This interview is brought to you by Roman.
Studies show that 52
percent of guys will experience erectile dysfunction or ed a lot of guys think it's just the way they're
built but actually it can be the first sign of something a lot more serious like high blood
pressure high cholesterol a heart condition or even diabetes roman is a one-stop shop for men's
health with their own licensed physicians and certified pharmacies across the country, which means the whole process will be quick and painless for you.
They take care of everything from an online diagnosis to fast deliveries of your FDA-approved
medication, always in their super discreet, unmarked packaging. Being a Roman member means
no waiting rooms, no awkward face-to-face conversations, and no trips to the pharmacy.
With Roman, you get access to licensed physicians and brand name medication like Viagra or generic
equivalents for as little as 2 a dose without ever leaving your couch. To get started, all you
have to do is visit GetRoman.com slash chicklets and complete a brief online visit. A licensed
physician will review it and either approve your request or reach out to you if they have any questions.
It's that easy.
Here's what you got to do.
Guys, if you're experiencing ED, go online and get checked by the doctor.
I know ED can be tough to talk about and tackle,
but with Roman, it's easy, anonymous, and only takes a few minutes to get started.
To waive Roman's usual online visit fee, visit GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets. That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, it's a tremendous honor for me to bring on our next guest.
He played 1,612 games over 22 seasons with Boston and Colorado. He played another two and a half
seasons worth of playoff games at 214. He holds the NHL record for goals, assists, and points by
a defenseman. He's a five-time
Norris Trophy winner, called the Trophy winner, a 19-time All-Star, 2001 Stanley Cup winner.
His number is retired by two franchises, and he was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2004.
Ladies and gentlemen, number 77, Raymond Bork. Welcome to the show, Raymond.
Hey, great to be on. Thanks.
Thanks for coming on with us
So what are you doing these days, Ray?
It seems like you're basically a full-time grandfather slash restaurateur
How's the restaurant business treating you?
Restaurant's doing pretty well
Tresca in the North End
Pretty special location, great place
If you've never been to Boston, the North End is a pretty special place.
It's like Little Italy.
It's one square mile of
80 Italian restaurants, so
competition is fierce.
But
got three new partners over the last three years
and one of the guys is Chef
Rich and Sarah that is doing an
incredible job.
Really, we have a nice team.
We have our numbers cruncher guy, Bill Goliath,
and then Peter Weber that worked at the Garden Premium Club.
He does our social media and our marketing,
and I just float around, try to promote the restaurant
and show up before Bruins games and enjoy the fine food
and enjoy the nice crowd that we get.
So things have gone pretty well, especially over the last year.
So we're trending and tracking in a great direction.
And then you said full-time grandfather.
Yeah, I mean, other than that, you know, we have three grandchildren.
I have our foundation that we started a little over two years ago,
our Borg Family Foundation that everybody's very excited about.
We're trying to create three really major events to raise money to donate to a lot of different charities throughout New England.
And we had our first road race last year.
We had over 300 runners, raised a lot of money with uh you know great sponsorship and um this year
we're looking uh our second annual road race that's going to be held uh june 15th um we have
our first uh annual gala at the boston harbor hotel uh later this month that uh is going to be
more of a formal event uh my wife says okay okay, we've got the road race. We have the golf tournament that we've
had for quite a while. Now, can I have something that I
could create and have some fun and just show up and dress up and
dance and listen to music? Lenny Clark's
going to be doing his thing that night. We have Catherine
Tappan hosting for us that night
that's with the nbc sports that does an incredible job so um you know we got the foundation and then
i'm involved with brookshire bank then my folks and with uh been with them for about five years
now and uh that's been a great relationship doing a lot of different things with them i play a lot of golf and um that's
pretty much it uh you know follow the boys i got two boys playing in the american league uh chris
and ryan that are in bridgeport uh playing with the islanders farm team so we kind of follow them
and uh so that's pretty much uh my life in a nutshell well that that doesn't sound like like
too bad of a life.
I'm sure you're enjoying it.
I'm curious, though, as someone with your resume,
an all-time hockey legend,
how did you decide or basically not decide to be involved in hockey at the end,
whether it be management, whether it be team president, CEO, GM?
Did that ever really cross your mind,
or did you kind of always figure,
when I'm done playing, I'm pretty much done with the game?
Well, I was lucky enough to stick around long enough
and make enough money to be independent.
Not really knowing if I was going to get back involved with the game,
but I knew initially I didn't want to jump right back in.
After playing 22 years and traveling and really being scheduled for all that time.
And, you know, I mean, you're involved in your kids' lives to a certain extent,
but, you know, your life's pretty much dictated by, you know,
what you're doing for work in terms of travels and scheduling.
Even if you're at home, you know, game days, forget it.
You know, nobody's bothering you and nobody's uh talking to you and um so i
wanted to enjoy the kids uh you know chris uh chris was going to uh cushion academy that year
uh ryan was going to be playing with top gun and my daughter was a senior at governor dummer
uh so i really enjoyed uh you know going to their games being involved with uh cushion in terms of
helping out there.
I'd go down there a few times a week for practice and I'd be behind the bench for all games, helping out with the D.
And then I was coaching Ryan's team with Top Gun with Steve Casper.
Both their sons were playing on the same team.
So that was a lot of fun. And, you know, and that was probably, you know,
I'd say about eight or nine years worth of doing that kind of stuff
with the boys and the kids.
And it seems like the further, the more time you're out of the game,
it's tougher to get back in.
And I consulted one year with the Bruins for home games,
home practices with Mike Sullivan.
And last year he was coaching the Bruins.
And I had played with Mike, liked Mike a lot and really respected him.
And so I did that one year.
But you've got to be all in.
You've got to be willing to do it 24-7.
And so that was okay.
But, you know, and I wasn't ready to do it 24-7.
So I never really got back.
Could have obviously done something, but never really wanted to jump in full-time.
So here I am.
Ray, I'm going back to the restaurant.
Assuming it's also an Italian restaurant, you said there's 80 different Italian restaurants around it.
Now, this is a question for our followers.
What are you doing to separate yourselves from the rest of the restaurants?
Are you giving away free breadsticks kind of like Olive Garden does?
Do you walk around shaking hands?
What's going on?
Yeah, I go around shaking hands.
You know, I try to get there as much as I can before Bruins games.
And we kind of promote when I'm going to be there.
So that's different.
People know I'm affiliated with the restaurant.
I've been involved with that restaurant for 14 years.
I've been an owner and, you know, with three different groups.
And I've got to say that this group, group were really organized and things are going really well, but you know, no, we've given out, you know,
nuts at the bar or different flavored olives.
All right. Okay. Now we're talking.
Yeah. Yeah. And there's a nice assortment of different drinks.
Our bartender and our bar manager does a great drink in terms of coming up with something different at different times
there's always a special drink on the menu and
but no it's just I think consistency you know what we try to create is
I know when I go out how I want to be served the experience that I want to
have when I go out to dinner in terms of consistency and food, the service, and just the atmosphere.
And we want you to leave kind of feeling all of that.
And if we do that, then we know you're going to come back.
Maybe we hit them with the best 20 promo code for 20 off their first meal.
Sounds good.
Go for it.
Oh, you might have a line out the door.
Ray, we want to jump into your very long playing career.
You broke into the league with the Bruins.
It was during the ascent of their fabled lunch peel AC version of the Bruins.
They cut to a couple of Stanley Cups, could never get over the hump.
Now, you were a French-Canadian kid. English was your second language.
You're walking into this locker room with all these legendary guys,
Terry O'Reilly, Jean Rattel, Wayne Cashman.
How intimidating was it for you to walk in and have all these grizzled veterans there
and you with, like, really no playing experience yet?
Well, I mean, you know where you're going.
I mean, I was, you know, I grew up in Montreal, a huge Canadiens fan.
And the year before I got there, 1979, the Bruins looked like they were going to beat Montreal in the seventh game.
And all of a sudden, there was too many men on the ice.
I remember that night because I was playing junior hockey in Verdun.
That was about five, six minutes from the form.
And the Memorial Cup was going on at that time
where Brandon Wheat Kings were playing Peterborough Peets in the finals.
And that's where I had played junior.
And it wasn't like it is now where the host team would be automatically in the finals
of the Memorial Cup.
So we had not won our league.
So I was just a fan going to the game.
And after that game, I was taking the bus home back then.
I didn't have my license until I was 18, almost just before I got to Boston. So I was taking the bus home back then. I didn't have my license until I was 18, almost just before I got to Boston.
So I was taking the bus home.
I had to connect right on that water.
That's right in front of the form.
I remember that night going by the form and the Canadiens had come back.
Yvon Lambert had scored in overtime.
And I'm just like, I remember going by and pumping my fist saying,
yes, we frigging beat the Bruins again.
Then
August 4th was the
draft that year because of the merger
of the WHA and the NHL.
I found myself going to
Boston.
It couldn't have been a better place. I knew
where I was going in terms
of the history and what they had as a team.
And I walked into a room that just accepted me and made me feel very, very comfortable right off the bat.
I had met Wayne Cashman before camp.
Brad McCrimmon and I were both first-round picks in 1979.
And it was like August 4th, like I mentioned, the draft.
So we didn't have much time to sign.
So right after that draft, they bring Brad and I to Boston.
And we go in, we meet the press this morning.
And then, you know, we're sitting in Harry's office office and it's probably about 11, 11.30
and Wayne Cashman
walks into Harry's office
so we meet Cash
and then we're supposed to fly out
at 3 o'clock that afternoon
and so Cash tells
Harry, he says, hey I'm going to bring these guys to lunch
right across the street of course
and so we go to lunch with cash and i
mean there's no better storyteller than cash and you know we're just frigging our mouths are open
listening to all these stories and having a few drinks and uh having lunch and then next thing you
know we got a call at fours and it's john carlton the head scout of the bruins saying that you know
cash we're gonna get these guys to the airport. They're flying.
They've got to fly out.
And Cash tells John, he says, they're not going anywhere today.
We've got a softball game tonight, and they're sticking around,
and they're going to play with us.
So we kept drinking and went to play softball.
Met a whole bunch of the other Bruins that night and then went home the next day.
And then we showed up for camp and kind of known, you know, we had met pretty much half the team.
But you walk into a dressing room full of veterans, like you said, Cashman, Chevers, Rattel, O'Reilly, you know, Milbury, Don Marcotte, Gary Doak.
There's probably three or four guys that had won Cops in 70 and 72.
So you walk in and you just do your thing, and they just kind of guide you along.
And a guy like Brad Park, for me, really took me under his wing
and really worked with me on and off the ice.
He loved talking hockey, and I was like a sponge
and took it all in. So there's no better atmosphere to walk into in terms of if you want to learn how
to be a pro and how to do it. And I didn't really say much. Peter McNabb, I think, still tells a
story to this day that I didn't speak any English when I got to Boston. I spoke perfect English.
It's just that I didn't speak.
I just listened and watched and did my job.
Well, I'm wondering that you, you know, I look at your draft,
and by the way, incredible job by the Bruins.
You and Brad McKinnon played over 2,800 games combined.
They got you both in the first round.
But you had this dominant junior career.
You were picked eighth overall. There were three defensemen taken in front of you like
what was causing you to actually drop uh behind three other d-men that that it doesn't make sense
to look at now um i mean i don't know you know uh the draft is a crap show you could go through many drafts, and you could say that any sport, every draft,
there's always a player that has an incredible career.
But you're talking first round, so anything could happen with a first rounder.
Even if you pick first overall or 20th overall, it could end up in the Hall of Fame.
If you're drafting the first round, the expectations are for you to be pretty good.
How good, that remains to be seen.
But, you know, I was the second underage guy drafted just before me.
You know, Keith Brown was the first underage guy to go.
That was the year that the underage draft came back into the NHL.
So I was pretty lucky that I didn't have to play that fourth year of junior hockey
and I was ready to kind of go on to the next level.
So I'm happy I was eighth because I could have ended up in so many crappy places
in terms of teams and losing records and that kind of stuff.
You're kidding me?
You're coming to a team that just lost in semifinals
that could have easily won the cup that year with a team of veterans and a team with so much history and expectations in a town.
I mean, you know what it's like playing in Bostoninden probably about a month and a half ago in Florida.
And I said, Harry, how did you get that pick from L.A.?
And he says, well, he says, because I got traded for Ron Graham.
And the Bruins had just, he had played in the WHA before that and he had won the
MVP I think of the WHA and and Harry that's what he said and he says well LA calls me one night
there's the GM and the owner they're just getting shit face and they call they call me and they said, hey, we like that Ron Graham.
And Harry says, well, he says, Ron Graham.
I said, I can't trade him.
He was MVP of the WHA last year or the year before or whatever it was.
And he says, and by the way, he says, there's not a player I want on your team.
He says, so, I mean, I don't see a deal happening here.
I said, he says, well, you know, if you're talking about maybe a first round pick,
I might think about it.
And he tells me, he says, we had no big plans for Ron Graham.
He said, so, so the two guys said, okay, okay, we'll think about it. We'll get back to you. So they call him a little later that night and a little more into a few more drinks.
And they tell Harry, they said, well, you know what?
We've been thinking about it, and we're going to give you a first-round pick for Ron Graham.
He says, well, okay, I'm going to have to think about this, and I'll call you back in the morning.
So Harry calls him back the next morning,
gets a first round pick for Ron Graham that I ended up being me.
So it was pretty funny how that all came about.
Well, for people who don't know, I'm a really good friends with your son,
Chris. And so I was talking to him last night. I said, Hey dad,
we got your dad on the podcast tomorrow. You got anything I got to ask him?
He said, Oh, listen,
you got to ask him about his old agent
and Harry's sin and Ray's first contract negotiation.
So what's the back story on that one?
Well, like I said, we were drafted August 4th,
so we didn't have much time to negotiate.
So after going to Boston and meeting with Harry and Brad and I,
so then Harryry flies to montreal uh so we made at the crowns
at the uh at the dorval airport and um so and and the background on my agent was he was the
owner of my junior team he was the gm and he was uh sometimes coach because he fired his coaches left and right. And he was an alcoholic, and he was a frigging madman and an intimidator.
And, I mean, Steve Casper and I played junior together.
And, you know, after leaving junior hockey, we're like,
there's nobody that we're ever going to run into that's going to be able to intimidate us
in terms of a coach or a GM or anything because what we just lived for three years.
So that's the type of guy that he was.
And so we meet, we start talking and small talk saying,
you know, oh, we're so happy about drafting Ray.
And he's saying, oh, you're going to love this kid.
He's going to play great for you and he's going to be a special player
and blah, blah, blah.
So then, you know, we start talking business and my agent says,
well, he says, we want 100,000 signing bonus.
We want 100,000 for three years in an option.
And if he doesn't get that, I'll have somebody break your legs.
So Harry sits back.
Harry's like, and his name was Rodrigue.
He says, Rod, he says, if you have that something,
if you have that done to me, he says, you know what?
He says, we had Eddie Johnson for a goalie for many years here.
His brother's head of the Irish Mafia in Montreal.
He says, if you have something done to me,
I'll have to have something done to you,
and the kid won't have a contract.
So I'm just sitting there thinking,
I'll never play in the NHL.
And I tell you, again, I was having lunch with Harry a month and a half ago, and he came up again.
I can't make this stuff up.
So that's the type of guy that he was.
But in the end uh i ended
up getting a hundred thousand dollars a year and a hundred thousand dollars for three years in an
option so maybe i should have kept and i'd be a lot richer now that is an unbelievable story
and uh one where there's probably going to be some police involved after it gets released
um i want to ask you to say he wasn't he wasn't my agent for too much longer after that.
Uh-oh.
The next year, yeah, I switched.
Did you get to keep your 3 at least?
Yeah, well, he got his share, yeah.
It might have been a little more than 3.
Oh, wow.
Bad contract for you.
Moving forward, I want to keep it fun talk your rookie party um if you if you even remember because i know how the boys
used to treat the young guys back then and then just uh throughout your time in boston like what
are some memorable rookie party stories and i want to kick it off with your own well my own wasn't uh really we didn't back then the bruins wouldn't initiate anybody
um you know it was just a matter of uh the captain calling whatever uh back then after
practice he'd go over to fours pretty much every day after practice and every day have a few yeah
i mean pretty much you know days off and then if you go into a town captain would
say all right we're going to meet at this place and everybody would meet there and that's the way
it was but um but then you know i mean then the salaries start really uh going kind of crazy and
i have a i have a great rookie party uh story with uh so you know when the rookies start paying for the meals
when they're making good money
you know the rookies I'm sure
hope that there was probably about
three or four or five rookies on the team
because some of these meals would get up to
20,000, 25,000, 30,000
where you know guys would order
the most expensive wine
Louis XV
the most expensive meals it was really crazy. It would get out
of hand sometimes.
Is that the better version than Louis XIII?
Louis XIII, maybe, yeah. Remember, I was afraid he ordered that. It might have been Louis XIII.
I don't know. I don't drink that crap. So, if you do,
you probably know better than I do. But
anyways, we're having
a rookie meal in Tampa Bay.
I think it was called the White House.
And it's a really nice place, fancy place
and expensive.
And you know,
you guys played, so whenever there's a team
meal, there's a shoot
track that happens where somebody will get, so, you know, whenever there's a team meal, there's a shoe check that happens where, you know,
somebody will get shoe checked and, you know,
you all kind of bring the glasses with your spoon and then, you know,
okay, somebody got screwed here.
Somebody's got some kind of crap all over their nice shoes.
So the veteran that I was,
I sit in the corner and I have a little counter right over my shoulder here
behind me and I have a little counter right over my shoulder here behind
me. And I'm there. I take my nice new shoes with tassels on. I take them off and put them right up
over my shoulder up on that little counter. And I'm like, you know, the cagey veteran that I am,
I'm not going to get shoe tracked. So next thing you know, we order, the food starts coming out,
and there's a lobster tail that comes out,
and my frigging shoe and the tassel is cut off.
So I'm like, are you frigging kidding me?
I said, I stand up, I'm like, who is fucking with me here?
I'm like, whoever it is, I'm going to frigging find who it is,
and you're dead.
I said, you're dead.
So then I'm sitting at a veteran's table so
Adam Oates is sitting next to me
and he says, Ray, I'm on it.
So then Adam finds out it's Kyle McLaren,
a friggin' rookie. And he's
wearing this really nice leather
jacket that night. A thin
really nice leather jacket. He goes up to the
bathroom. I grab his jacket.
I go into the kitchen. I tell the chef to
slice off both his sleeves. Now it becomes a vest. I put it back there.
He comes back and he's like, he's pissed. And it's like, what the hell happened?
I said, you messed around with the wrong guy. He says, what are you talking about?
I said, you messed around with the wrong guy. He says, it wasn't me.
I said, you're dead. You're done. I told you.
You messed around with the wrong guy.
It wasn't Kyle.
It was Otzi.
Fucking Otzi.
It was pretty good.
So Otzi ended up buying me a new pair of shoes.
That's classic.
One other guy you played with for quite a while,
and I'm not sure he's as beloved as you were.
What's something about Mike Milbury that you could tell us
that people might not understand about him or maybe a something about Mike Milbury that you could tell us that people might not understand about him
or maybe a different side of Milbury that you saw?
Well, Mike, as a player, I loved playing with him.
He was frigging tough.
I mean, he's the guy that, you know, I mean, I remember,
I think it was December 23rd, 1979, going up into the stands
and hitting that.
I mean, he says he only hit him once.
They kept playing it back and back, back and forth, back and forth.
Looked like he hit the kid, the guy with his shoe, about nine or ten times.
But Mike was a tough guy to play against, an incredible teammate, always had your back, and a guy that would show up and play hard.
But he was also a player rep back in the day.
Maybe some people don't know about how involved he was in terms of trying to make the salaries public way before they came out.
was public way before they came out.
He knew all about Eagleson and did not like him and thought that the players should really reunite
in terms of getting together and divulging what kind of salaries
and it would be a lot better for everybody in terms of their negotiations.
You never knew what other guys made.
It was always a big secret.
So whenever we'd go on a
road mike would go in the opposite the the opponent's dressing room like after one of
their practices and all that stuff and trying to convince them to kind of come together and uh
let's uh let's go public with our salaries and it's going to help everybody because he knew that
eagleson was freaking screwing everybody and playing both sides of the fence.
So some people, you know, and I remember coming back from South Bend
on New Year's Day after the Winter Classic,
and I was sitting right next to Mike on the way home to Boston.
And we just went over all that and kind of brought that back
and how he couldn't believe that the guys wouldn't kind of get together
and reunite on something like that.
And it was all about Eagleson.
He represented so many top players in the league,
and they pretty much shot down Mike's ideal about going public with all that stuff.
But I think if that would have happened back then,
and I'm talking probably 83, 84,
salaries I think didn't come public in terms of the late 80s,
how ahead of the game everybody would have been, I think,
in terms of going and negotiating contracts.
Well, when you became a Boston Bruin, you wore number seven.
And then for people who are living under a rock that don't know,
one of the best moments in Bruins history, I think 1987,
they were hiring Phil Esposito's number,
and you slide off your number seven jersey and number 77's on your back,
and you're giving Espo the number.
How incredible was that night?
And is it true Espo really had no clue?
He had no idea at all that was coming?
Well, I wore three numbers with the Bruins I show up uh I wear number 29 in training camp and then I show up for the first game and number seven got my stall and you know I know
Phil wore the number and um you know I don't say much again I'm not saying anything I just
get dressed put the jersey on and Bobby Schmotz comes over to me and says,
if you hear any hecklers, don't worry about it.
Just play your game.
And I'm like, great.
Thanks for the number, right?
And I go out, have an incredible year.
Nothing's said about it other than every once in a while,
they would ask, what do you think about
Phyllis Pizzito's number being retired?
I'm like, he was a legend.
He's a great Bruin, won two cups.
Of course, you know, the number should be going up there.
But Harry and Phil, you know, after that trade,
there was a pretty large cold front between the both of them.
And, you know, I think that's why Harry gave me the number to wear.
And so it comes a time where they decide they're going to retire the number.
And I think it was December, sometime in December in 1987.
And so nothing's being said about what's going to happen with the number.
Up until one o'clock that afternoon
i get a call from terry o'reilly that's in harry syndon's office and i'm about to go down for a
nap we're playing the rangers that night that phil i'm not sure if he was coaching or gm
i think he was gm of the team back then of the rangers so um one o'clock, Terry's in Harry's office and says,
hey, I'm sitting with Harry wondering if, you know,
you'd be willing to add a 7 to number 7, you know,
go up for a warm-up with number 7, come back in the room,
go in the back room, put number 77 under 7,
then go back out there for the ceremony,
and we'll call fill up.
You'll take number seven off, reveal 77.
So the way it happened, I mean, it's such a frigging lack of communication,
like typical for that time back then where there was a lack of it big time.
The way it worked out was fabulous.
It was fabulous it was fabulous um the only people that knew was my wife and i um you know the training staff uh the coaches and harry sendin no press
no players no phil nobody knew about a thing so i knew when i took off that jersey and revealed 77
and uh you know, I tell
a story about the first time ever that somebody might have saw Phil Esposito speechless, and just
that look on his face, I knew, made his day. So, you know, people up to this day, people, I mean,
you know, you talk about my numbers and all that stuff. The first thing that comes up is that night,
you know, revealing 77 and giving Phil that number.
Like, it should have been.
It never should have been given to anybody else.
You know, the legend and the things that he did in Boston.
Nobody else should have won that number.
So it was the right thing to do.
Ray, you talked about Harry Sinden.
I noticed in your first year, Fred Creighton was 40, 20, and 13,
and you guys were, I'm assuming, heading into playoffs.
Right before playoffs, he must have got fired,
and then Harry Sinden took over.
What's that like as a rookie seeing that,
and what happened for a guy to get fired with that type of record
during a season?
Well, I couldn't believe it.
We're first overall, and i think we had just
we had lost seven games in a row i think um and um the guys have had uh grapes for i don't know
how many years maybe five six seven years as a coach um and grape was bigger than life here. The guys loved him. Fred Creighton was totally the opposite
of Fred Creighton by what I understand. He was a very dry, quiet guy and just so different than
Grape. The guys hated him. The guys just despised him. And after going seven losses in a row,
Harry decided to fire him and take over.
So Harry coached remaining games of the season and to the playoffs.
But I couldn't believe it.
You know, your first overall and you fire your coach.
I've never seen anything ever happen before
or after that ever again, something like that.
Ray, you alluded to some miscommunication with the Bruins in the 80s.
Now, I know as a fan back in the 80s, it would get pretty frustrating
because the front office, the way they operated,
it seemed like they kind of cared more about the financial health of the league
than the team.
How frustrating did it get for you as a player
and the rest of the players in the locker room knowing that?
Maybe the GM in the front office wasn't fully on board
with going all out for a winner back then.
It always seems like, you know what,
we were very competitive and very good.
And then, you know, I think when you look at 88 or 90,
you know, there's a couple of moves that were made,
but as a player, you think that there could have been other moves
that would have helped.
An extra move, another move or two would have really put us over the hump
and really given us the best chance to win a cup.
You know, I think a lot of our teams overachieve.
And, yeah, that was times, that was frustrating.
In the end,
that's why I left.
The situation
for a couple of years there, just before I left,
I always said I would never leave Boston.
The reason I left is because it was so bad
and I thought it was so unfair for uh players and fans to to kind of be in that situation and
I always always always wanted to bring passion and energy and and uh you know uh I mean I always
said it's so much fun playing this game you know know, you could act like a 15-year-old every day with what you,
in terms of living a dream and playing hockey as a living.
So that energy was really drained out of me at the end.
And that's why I asked to be moved.
I wanted to go into a situation that was a healthy one,
one that would give you energy to kind of find out exactly what I had left in the
tank at 38 years old. I was like, well, is it my age that is draining me or is it the situation
I was in? And I knew that the situation wasn't a good one. So I ended up going to Colorado,
found out pretty quick that I had plenty left. But yeah, at times it was, at times, it was frustrating.
But I've got to say that, you know, we had some great teams,
some great players, but a player or two would have made a big difference
in terms of, I think, giving us the best opportunity to win the Cup.
And, boys, before we move any further,
got to talk to you about the special giveaway we're doing with Eagle Energy.
That's the all-natural caffeine inhaler we've been talking about on the podcast recently.
They're doing a bunch of giveaways.
They're going to give away product, some all-star hats, T-shirts.
If you go to their website, eagle.energy, that's it, no.com, just eagle.energy,
it'll tell you, you'll actually see my face
as soon as you go on the site so don't puke just try to maybe take some gravel before you go on
and then you're going to see the shop now button and then you're going to see the enter giveaway
you don't have to purchase i believe to enter the giveaway but also you can you will be submitted if
you purchase something and use the biz all-star promo code uh that's also going to
give you 20 off just like biz 20 what would um awesome all-natural caffeine inhalers i was
smoking them for the seven days we were on that fucking huge uh bender um as i mentioned uh my
ego energy also on instagram and twitter uh you can d DM them for any questions you have about their product.
Also, they're looking for distributors as well.
So if you are interested, Eagle Energy, and then their website, once again,
eagle.energy.
So go there and tons of awesome giveaways.
They still have that 21 Savage collaborationation inhaler on their website.
I recommend you guys try it.
I know Grinnell tried it, and he loved it.
Witt's been smoking them.
I wish you guys luck in the giveaway.
Before we jump into Colorado a little more,
how pissed off were you when they actually had the gall to take you to arbitration?
That was a tough one.
To this day, I just can't understand uh
you know um and and that's not a pleasant experience uh you know harry and mike milbury
were in there they did not say one word for i don't know how many hours were in there
but i got to tell you that whoever they had representing the league or their team uh
bertucci was unbelievable.
I tell you, I walked out of there, I thought I was a frigging minor league run.
You know, I was going in looking for the kind of money
that his franchise players were making and, you know,
and just came out of there, you know. I mean, for me, I was asking for 4 million.
I would have accepted 3 million.
Then I came out of the arbitration with 2.25 million, ended up signing a deal for 2.5
million for five years after that, but it wasn't a pleasant experience and one that
really, you know,
it kind of scars you in some ways.
But I wasn't a guy that was going to sit out.
I wasn't a guy that was going to miss camp or miss games.
I wasn't that type of person.
I could not do that to my team or my teammates.
So I thought the only way that I could go about trying to make what I thought
I deserved was going through arbitration, and it was a tough one to go through.
I actually read a really cool article I hadn't read before,
The Oral History of Your Trade to the Avalanche in 99-2000,
and I was interested to see that your first choice of where you wanted
to go was Philly, and in the end, that didn't work out, but kind of give me the reasons why
you wanted to go there, and then how amazing Colorado ended up being, even though that first
year, you guys didn't get it done. It took that next full season, but explain that whole situation
for us. Well, we were kind of building our dream house at the time, and I had decided to ask for a trade.
And then I was really good buddies with Reggie Lemlin.
That was the goalie coach in Philly.
And I was looking at the teams that I thought would compete and give me a really good chance in the Eastern Conference.
I didn't want to go west. I wanted to stay in the Eastern Conference for travel
and also for the situation I was in with the house and my family,
being able to come back if the schedule allowed it or whatever.
And knowing the Eastern Conference a lot more.
So I kind of looked at it.
Philly was going really well at the time.
And I, uh, I, and I knew that Philly was very interested because of my relationship with Reggie.
And I knew exactly everything that was going on on their side that I was hearing from Reggie,
that was hearing from Bobby Clark.
So, um, we play Philly, um, a Saturday afternoon game.
It was the last game I played with the Bruins.
Reggie tells me it's a done deal in the morning.
And I think after that game, I'm leaving with Philly,
and I'm on my way, and the game finishes.
I pick up the puck.
I was on the ice.
It comes right to me.
I pick it up, go into the room, thinking that, all right, I'm just going to wait to hear from Harry.
And Harry was telling me that something was going to happen pretty quick.
And I had told Harry where I wanted to go.
I remember calling him, asking for a trade.
When Chris was interviewing at Governor Dunbar to go to Governor Dunbar, I get a call back from Harry.
That's at the GM meetings in Florida.
I pull out.
I had to take that call.
And I asked for the trade tell him where
I want to go it sounds
like he's you know he's on board
and I know that he's talking
to Philly and everything that's going on there I kind
of knew back from what I
was hearing from Bredge so I thought it was
going to happen and then I'm trying to reach Harry
after the game that afternoon and
I can't reach him
I go to his office can't see him and then he
finally calls me later that night and he tells me that uh you know i'm gonna have to sit tight that
there's other teams involved um and i'm like well you know where i want to go more or less telling
him says yeah but you know what i've gotta i've gotta see this through. So then I get a call.
I know Patrick's calling me.
Cline Dion's husband, Ren Angelo, called me because his best friends were Pierre Lacroix.
Come on.
That's unbelievable.
Was that the cool phone call?
And this is how it goes.
This is, you know, it's Ren.
And I don't know if you remember me i said yeah yeah right i know i
played golf with you three times and he says um i'm calling you because um i heard there uh
that you're gonna be traded he says uh you know what he says colorado is a really really good
place you would love it there he says pier Pierre does not know that I'm calling you.
And I'm just telling you that you would love Colorado.
They've got a really good team.
I'm like, thank you, Rene.
I said, you know what?
He says, it's not really where I want to go, but thanks for the call.
And so he's best friends with Pierre.
It's like, yeah, right.
Pierre does not know you're calling me right now.
So he had called me Patrick I I knew you know from uh living in Montreal playing golf at the same place
and and then uh Dave Eller calls me he was in St. Louis at the time and says Ray would you come to
St. Louis I said Dave it's not it's not where I want to go and uh so then I'm hearing that Detroit's
in the mix New Jersey's in the mix.
And then, you know, talking to Harry that Saturday night,
he says, you're going to have to sit tight.
He says, I don't want you to go to practice on Sunday.
And he says, we're playing the other one on Monday.
He says, don't show up to the rink.
He says, something's going to happen within the next couple of days.
So now my wife and I are looking at different schedules,
all these five teams, and trying to figure out, you know,
their schedule and wherever I end up.
So then I get a call from Dave Anderchuk on the Monday night.
They're playing Ottawa, and he's pulled off the ice at a warm-up,
and he calls me and says, Ray, do you know what's going on? He said, he just pulled me off the ice.
I said, he says, you know, I think I'm going somewhere probably with you.
I'm like, nope, I have no clue, Dave.
So later on that night, almost right after the game,
at the end of the third period, Harry calls me,
tells me that I'm going to Colorado.
And then Pierre Lacroix calls me, and then Patrick calls me from Calgary.
They're in Calgary, and he's got Adam Foote, Joe Sackick, Dave Reed,
and Sean Poudin in the room with them.
And they're all passing the phone around, all excited,
and kind of chatting a little bit, and that was it.
Was that Avalanche squad the most stacked team you've been on in your career would you say yeah yeah so then we uh yeah so most talented team uh i've ever played
on uh i show up so dave andrew chuck and i leave uh the next morning we are seven o'clock chartered
flight they they they sent a plane for us and uh we go through kansas city to get
to calgary i don't know why we did that but um end up playing in calgary that night and um
really uh really weird feeling walking to that room and seeing a different jersey with your
number on it uh get dressed go out um early second period, I'm behind my net.
And I come out and I see Joe coming across the blue line,
rip a pass right on his tape.
He rips a pass.
No, it was passing the hey-do, hey-do to Sackick on the other blue line.
Sackick goes in on a breakaway and scores.
I'm like, I think this might be fun.
And it certainly was. Tremendous team.
Talented. And really a team that was ready
to win when they got there in 96 and won in 96, but I think underachieved
somewhat. Not getting to
the finals more often or winning another cup. So you go
there and they were fighting for a playoff spot
actually when I got there.
And I think we won, I don't know, it was 20 out of 23 games or 23 out of 26 games or something
like that to win our division.
And then we, you know, we get to the semifinals against Dallas that year and, you know, hit the post in the last seconds of the game
and we lose by a goal.
Knowing that, I was going back the next year.
And the next year was crazy.
From day one, Bob Hartley really raised the bar in terms of the expectations for that team.
And it was more or less, more or less the cup or bus.
The expectations were really trying to focus on,
because in terms of offense, we had so much talent,
but it was a matter of committing and really having an incredible attitude
in terms of playing without the puck.
I think you look at all great teams, you know,
you look at the Oilers or the Islanders or the Wings.
I think they never won cups until they really, you know,
really were focused on details.
And details probably means, you know, without the puck
and how to play in your end.
And regardless of how much talent you have offensively,
if you don't focus and really commit to being responsible
on that side of the puck, I think you'll never win in the end.
So he really talked about that first day of camp
and really worked on that and tried to ask,
in terms of commitment from all the guys,
that if we could really focus and try to be one of the best defensive teams in the league,
that in the end, it would really give us a great opportunity to win.
And guys really bought in, and we were the best defensive team in the league that year.
Patrick beat the record for most wins by a goalie,
had the best goals against average.
Joe won the Hart Trophy, scored 50 goals.
Hayden scored 50 goals.
We won the President's Trophy.
Really had an incredible year.
And then, you know, we get to the playoffs and it happened.
Ray, you kind of mentioned the Hartley situation.
Now, a lot of guys have been vocal about how they essentially hated his guts.
You kind of seem extremely thankful for the fact that he cracked the whip that hard.
A couple stories, obviously the one about him getting locked out of the locker room.
I don't know if that one's true after you guys ended up winning this cup.
But any other funny Hartley stories that you have
or maybe like fuck you matches you
guys got into along the way um we uh we had great leadership there um you know Joe Joe Patrick myself, Adam Foote, and Sean Poudine, and Dave Reed.
We really had a nice group. And I know at some point in time in the playoffs
that we were playing a certain way,
and we're a puck possession team,
and Bob had us just not playing that way.
And we're actually breaking down film in a hotel room
between games and playoffs and all that stuff and it's like i just remember patrick myself and joe
going up into bob's office and um talking about how we're playing and how we got to make changes
in terms of how we're going to play to win. And it was like, you know,
he just wanted to keep it so simple in terms of, you know,
around the boards and off the boards.
And it's like, Bob, we got to make changes here.
I said, you know, we're looking at how we're playing.
We got to start, you know,
keeping the puck and being a puck possession team.
And so we, you know, he worked with us and we worked with him,
but it was, we had to make some changes to allow us to go out
and play the way we could.
So that's one of the stories.
I don't remember him being locked in the room.
I don't know if I was there for that.
Well, I heard he got locked out of the room after you guys finally won the cup
and guys were just not up with him at that point
yeah well he was he was uh you know what he was he was tough but uh you know he was tough more
than third and fourth line guys uh you know and that's i think that's just too easy to do um so i
uh i i for me coaches that are able to keep
their best players in track and keep them
accountable are the special ones
and it's too easy
to go after the other guys
I get shit on all the time
Ray, what are your memories
of Sean Podine who famously
didn't take his equipment off for 24
hours after you guys won the cup
that guy is who famously didn't take his equipment off for 24 hours after you guys won the Cup?
That guy is one of the best teammates I've ever played with.
He is awesome.
If you know him, you love him.
And if you ever have a chance to sit down and chat with him, he's a special man.
He heard that the record for somebody wearing their equipment after winning the cup was
24 hours.
He shows up at our
party
at the Chop House right next
to the Pepsi Center
with his equipment on, his skates,
his skate guards, his helmet, his gloves
and his stick. He
kept that on for 25 hours.
I swear to God.
Crazy.
Unbelievable.
And that was, I'll tell you, a couple of cup stories after that.
We won the cup that night.
I mean, winning the cup is frigging sick. I mean, it's, uh, the incredible, you know,
I mean, for me, it was, uh, it was pretty much all I was left.
That's why I went to Colorado and, and then we get to, um, you know,
we get to the finals and, um, you know, I mean, that's,
it seems like it's going to happen. We win, we win game one, we lose game two,
we win game three, we lose game two. We win game three.
We lose game four that we're in tremendous shape for.
We should have won that game going away.
Then we're going back home for game five.
Everybody thinks we've got a great record at home,
that we're going to kick some butt.
We end up, I think, losing five to one that game.
They spanked us.
Now we're going back to
New Jersey, down 3-2
to defending champs. Nobody's given us
a chance to win that game.
For me,
going into that year,
I knew this is my
last season.
I had to ask Pierre Lacroix for a
one-year deal. He gives me a two-year deal, but I'm like, Pierre Lacroix for a one-year deal.
He gives me a two-year deal, but I'm like,
Pierre, I just want a one-year deal, so I'm giving you a two-year deal.
So regardless of what was going to happen in terms of me winning or losing that year, I was done.
My wife and I, I told my wife, this is it.
I'm done.
So I'm going into game six knowing that this might be my last game I'll ever
play in the NHL. So all my family from Colorado, they go to New Jersey. All my family and my wife's
family from Montreal go to New Jersey and all my closest friends go to New Jersey in case things
didn't work out. Well, you know, we went for nothing that game. We're going back to Colorado.
things didn't work out well you know we went for nothing that game we're going back to Colorado and um now everybody I bring to Colorado so uh we end up going to Colorado end up playing the game
uh we're up three nothing at some point halfway through the game and I'm freaking
sitting on the bench I'm like I can't freaking believe. I'm like, I can't frigging believe that I'm going to win the cup.
It's going to happen.
And you know what?
We all work with sports psychologists and they talk about staying in the moment,
staying in the present,
talk about the process, not the outcome.
And it was such a mental exercise, that game,
to try to stay right there in the moment and not let your mind kind
of drift to maybe what might happen. And I ended up winning three to one and it was an incredible,
incredible feeling. And, you know, and all Joe could talk about in terms of after game six,
chasing me down in a plane is like, Ray, how are we going to do this? I'm like, do what, Joe?
He says, well, the cup thing.
I'm like, well, Joe, I said, let's win the frigging game first.
And then we'll have plenty of time to worry about the cup thing.
So all he was worried about is he wanted me right there next to him
just to transfer the cup for me to hoist it first.
And what an incredible classy guy.
And another story about Joe Sackick is in training camp that year.
When I came back the second year,
he wanted to go for lunch.
So we go for lunch and he's like,
Ray, I really don't feel comfortable
being captain with you on this team.
I'm like, Joe, that is freaking amazing.
I said, thank you so much.
That's very respectful,
but I have way too much respect for you and your leadership, thank you so much. That's very respectful, but I have way too much
respect for you and your leadership
and what you do here.
You saw what I did last year for four months.
I don't need a C or an A to do
or say whatever I'm going to say or do here.
All I think that would do
if we go for a shit at some point
in time during a season is question
your leadership, and that should never be in question. Thanks, buddy but just the classiest guy and one of the best players
i've ever played with and hard-working guy in terms of his preparation so um joe was just awesome
so we uh so we win the cup we go to the chop house pose got his friggin shit on and uh then
pierre la croix before leaving he says bring the cup
home with you tonight
so we're at the chop house
about 3am I've got this
big van that's 15 passenger van
that you know for all the people
that I have in town watching the game
so I have a big cooler
in the van the cups in the front seat
buckled in we go back to my
house we turn on my street and we start beeping the horn and at 3 in the morning people are in the front seat buckled in we go back to my house to turn on my street and
we start beeping the horn and at three in the morning people are coming out of their house
we put the cup on the sidewalk the cool in the street and we party till 6 a.m so it was uh it
was a blast it was incredible oh man that was a good little run there yeah you're saving us a lot
of work we don't got to ask you the questions you just keep going right into the next one it's perfect yeah well
anything else yeah
well I was gonna ask you like a lot of our
fans love the fun stories and
and we were wondering if there was anything
off the top of your head you could think of
maybe with your time in Boston
or and if you don't you can't
think of one maybe another prank story
because some of our fans love the prank stories.
Well, that first day that we met Cash in Boston,
Brad McCrimmon and I were drinking all afternoon on floors
and, you know, to Brad, like, you know, three hours in,
this is Ray, this is, you know, brad like you know three hours in this says so ray this is um you know a westerner i mean the western guys are always their stories and they're always you know better and they're
always bigger and it's like so brad's like ray i'm how many times you go for a piss i'm like
i don't know two or three he says so he's well, he's all proud. He says, not once.
I'm like, whoa, good for you.
That's awesome.
Anyways, we keep drinking.
I played a lot of baseball growing up, up until I got to Boston.
So that softball game's going on that night.
So you stick us both out in right field, and we're frigging, we're shit face.
We're gone. We're both in right field. And we're frigging, we're shit face. We're gone.
We're both in right field.
And I tell you, I went up to bat.
I could not frigging touch the ball, could not see the ball.
So that was one night that I, you know,
I always kind of said I was a pretty good baseball player,
but that night, not so much.
It was a pretty cool night.
We ended up playing softball, meeting all the Bruins and signing autographs we're like wow this is gonna be fun
I I heard a hilarious story Ray on your uh on your first trip to LA all the boys said all right
let's meet down at the pool and you and you you went you went wandering down there in a nice little
speedo well I grew up in, so that's all we wore.
And so usually when
the captain tells us to
meet at the bars
or whatever on the road in
L.A. or Santa Maria,
the courtyard's right down there with the pool and all that
stuff and cash shows. All right, let's meet by the
pool. And that was one of the last guys
to show up. And yeah, that was the last time
I wore a Speedo.
You had
tons of teammates Ray
who was the funniest teammate you had?
You know what
Ted Donato and Steve
Leach
could get you going they
were like a
they'd feed off each other before a game they'd have this routine that would get you laughing and get you going. They were like a, they'd feed off each other before a game.
They'd have this routine that would get you laughing
and get you loose like no others.
They were very, very funny and very witty.
So those two guys were among the top guys.
So they had some good stories.
I mean, you know what goes on in dressing
rooms all the time. In terms
of pranks, one of the pranks
I remember
Kenny Linsman
and Gary Galley
had something. Once something starts
one day when you do something
to somebody's clothes or whatever,
now it seems like
it never ends.
So one day I think Kenny might have did something to Gary's clothes.
Then the next day, Gary grabs Kenny's jeans and, you know,
lets them all down in the shower.
And then, you know, then he puts the pants in the ice box,
where all the ice is coming from.
So now Kenny's looking for his pants, and now he finds his pants in the cooler where the ice is.
You can just imagine how the pants look now.
They're all wet from the shower, and now these things are frozen solid.
So now he can't wear these things for a few hours, puts them in the dryer.
So now he can't wear these things for a few hours, puts them in the dryer.
And so there's so much stuff that goes on that, like I said, you know,
you miss acting like a 15-year-old and we're all adults and all different ages.
You could be 18 to 40 years old and just an incredible atmosphere to be part of a team and to play, you know, for a professional team and to have that kind of fun and that kind of chemistry.
So those are the things that you'll miss.
You know, you miss your pregame meals, pregame naps, and just acting like a 15-year-old pretty much every day.
Well, Ray, I mean, you had a career that people couldn't even really dream of.
You got
it all accomplished and now you're doing great things. Like you mentioned before, it's the
Bork Family Foundation, borkfamilyfoundation.org if you want to check that out. So thank you so
much for joining us and continued success in whatever you do. All right, guys. Thanks a lot.
Keep up the good work. That interview was also brought to you by Dollar Shave Club.
I love Dollar Shave Club because it has everything I need to look, feel, and smell my best.
What I love even more is the fact that I never have to go to the store.
That's because one, DSC delivers everything I need right to my door,
and two, they keep me fully stocked on what I use so I don't run out.
Here's how it works.
Dollar Shave Club has everything you need to get ready
no matter what you're getting ready for. They have you covered head to toe for your hair,
your skin, your face, you name it, they have it. And they have this new program where they
automatically keep you stocked up on all the products you use. You determine what you want
and when you want it and it shows up right at your door for once a month to once every six months.
And that's what I do for. I also use the
Dollar Shave Club toothpaste and man, is that good. It tastes great. It has your breath smelling
amazing. And I don't think my teeth have ever been so clean. Plus with their handsome discount,
the more you buy, the more you can save. And right now they've got a bunch of starter sets you can
try for just 5 like their oral care kit. After that, the restock box
ships regular size products at regular price. So what are you waiting for? Get your starter set
for just 5 right now at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets. That's dollarshaveclub.com
slash chicklets. Thanks so much to Ray Bork, Hall of Fame legend. We appreciate that. It was a great
interview. Also, when we were talking about the skills competition,
there was one big event that we didn't mention,
and that was the zit that Biz got on his neck
that he had to get a second ticket for to get into the arena.
So walking down, I was like,
Biz, sometimes you don't want to say anything.
He's like, dude, look at this zapper.
Oh, but I'm the first guy to call out anything about myself.
Well, you didn't tell Bugsy about his booger.
Bugsy.
If one of my friends has a booger or something in their teeth,
I'll always be like, hey, you got something in your teeth or a booger.
I thought it might have been a zit where I didn't want to make him feel insecure
about the zit he had right inside his nose.
And it ended up being a booger.
And I think subconsciously that's why I thought not to say anything.
It was as big as your fingernail, though.
It took Bugsy 20 minutes to get it out of his nose.
Yeah, I was a little disappointed.
And I like how you opened that up.
I would tell my friend in the knock.
You see, I was a notch below that.
We haven't reached that yet.
No, I thought it was a whitehead, and I didn't want to make you feel insecure.
And I thought maybe if you had that whitehead just sitting there, I might actually be able to get laid.
Hey, talk about Grunelli with just a tough hit at the skills, losing 750 to me.
Oh, I had that written down in my notes.
That was a bad one.
I think Brett owes me 250, 200, who knows.
It was just a complete work fest for me.
Every bet you made, I won.
It was tough because the Stamkos one.
The Stamkos one, I was down like 250.
And then you're like, all right, double it on Stamkos right now.
Stamkos scores here.
You're up.
You're even.
And if he doesn't, you're down 500.
And then he missed, went down 500.
I'm like, all right, one more, 100.
Lost that.
And then I think I got a 50 one in there.
Yeah, you did.
750, that's a tough, tough skills competition.
I know.
I haven't decided the blue light, if there'll be a blue light.
He keeps asking me for my Venmo,
but I'm not ready to tell him what to send yet.
It's like, what will my mind decide?
Will you be sending me the full 750?
Will I say, just give me 200?
Will I go in the middle?
I told Keith at the bar last
night i was like yeah dude i'm down like 750 to wait he's like i got you i got you don't worry
don't worry i got you yeah he was buckled there's no chance he's yeah no no um connor mcdavid won
his third uh fastest skater competition that's obvious and probably his last one though right
because out of his prime like you said they're to change the rules back to hooking and holding.
Let's go back to last podcast.
And maybe I should have watched the way I spoke.
But what I meant was that they're going to be burning three to four years of his true prime
before they're able to compete.
I didn't mean that's all he has left in his fucking prime.
So if I said something that sounded differently, that's what I meant.
And I might have, in fact, said that because some of you probably don't listen carefully
enough.
I knew what you meant, but I also knew you would get ripped for it.
So I was happy.
I was thinking that's when he would be right in his prime.
Like 28 is usually like prime time.
Yes.
And I'm...
Peak.
That's when he actually wanted...
Actually, it might be working out the best way right now. Everything happens for a reason. I think it's changed because I think it's a little younger now. Peak. That's when we actually want it. Actually, it might be working out the best way right now.
Everything happens for a reason.
I think it's changed because I think it's a little younger now.
Whatever.
Let's not even get into it.
Okay, whatever.
You guys can rip me.
I can take it.
Patrick Marleau getting a little shout out from Austin Matthews.
I thought that was cool.
Of course, Marleau played forever for like, what, two decades in San Jose?
Yeah.
That was really cool.
I like that moment.
It came out of nowhere, too. I'm like, what's he doing? Why is he taking his jersey off all of a sudden? Boom, Marleau. That was really cool. I like that moment. It came out of nowhere, too.
I'm like, what's he doing?
Why is he taking his jersey off all of a sudden?
Boom, Marlo.
That was cool.
But it's funny, too.
The fans were loving it, but he wasn't traded.
He left on his own.
I know, I know.
I always think that, too.
But 20 years there, right?
Even if he leaves.
But also, the other funny thing is they're booing the piss out of Crosby.
I'm like really like is that
because he beat him in the cup final i know but like he's an all-time legend like i don't know
it's the all-star game i think that one was more of uh more of a like ha ha boo like we're booing
you because you beat us like he he he yeah it was a real ha ha when that shark's guy with the shark's
tattoo on his forehead was screaming fuck yeah where i think it was a little more vicious was when they put Drew Doughty on the Jumbotron.
They were booing because they wanted to boo.
And then they even went as far as the San Jose, how they're setting up the All-Star game.
They put Drew Doughty's face on one of the shot targets.
Oh, did they?
So when they would hit his face.
Well, maybe you should fucking pay attention.
All the fucking pipe down.
All the targets had different faces, but.
I was making pink Whitney's.
Yeah, but it was funny that they had a Drew Doughty one.
I mean, there's only five targets.
I mean, like, they could have picked.
They clearly picked Doughty because he's a rival.
He's doing the thing now where everything you say,
he'll, like, say something different and then look over and laugh at us.
This is how he gets.
Oh, do I do this?
No.
Bugsy's doing this.
Oh, Bugsy's doing it.
Okay, sorry.
I wish we knew about Hank Lundquist's suit before we interviewed him yesterday.
Did you happen to catch it?
Oh, I know.
R.A. was stroking his cock off with Herbal Active.
Hank had a sick three-piece suit on.
And on the inside, it was all Godfather movie characters on the inside.
Oh, wow.
Thank God you didn't wear that in here already.
You would have been all over him.
I would have swiped it.
Yeah, it was all quotes from the movie with a picture of Don Vito Colleone.
It was definitely sweet.
I didn't know it was his favorite movie.
We didn't actually get to that.
We didn't really ask him what he did on his days off,
but it would have been cool to get to, but c'est la vie, as they say.
Another thing, too, I want to thank Uber.
They actually called me after our little mishap there.
Of course, the 11.30 was refunded back to my Uber account
because they canceled the trip, and I had my guy.
And they actually even sent me a 100 gift card.
That was not necessary.
I'm a principal guy. I just returned the money. You guys know that. But you'll keep me a 100 gift card. That was not necessary. I'm a principal guy.
Just return the money.
You guys know that.
But you'll keep the extra 100 credit.
Well, I somehow can't access it,
so if the same Uber guy is listening,
give me a buzz back.
That's why this was brought up.
Give me a buzz back.
That's why this was brought up.
Give me a call back, Uber.
Hey, maybe we'll even talk you guys into some swipe-ups.
Maybe we'll get you sponsoring the pod, too.
So give me a buzz back. We're going to figure out how to activate that 100 gift card that you guys into some swipe-ups. Maybe we'll get you sponsored in the pod, too. So give me a buzz back.
We're going to figure out how to activate that 100 gift card that you gave me because of your mistake.
That would be appreciated.
Just thought I should mention that.
Another cool moment was seeing little kids out there, Bernsies and Pavs kids.
It's so cool.
I think, Bugsy, you said they have no idea either.
You don't know anything different, but just the fact that I think everyone Bugsy, you said they have no idea either. You're born, you don't know anything different,
but just the fact that I think everyone else sees that
and all these kids are just living the life.
It was cool.
Bernsie told us today when we interviewed him,
he's like, my kid would not stop trying to do the floss dance.
He wouldn't stop doing celebrations.
I'm like, when this camera's off, I'm going to...
A little bit of a pee-pee whack from the Spit and Checkouts community to Teddy
because he didn't mention the Calgary Flames when we talked about the...
Wham!
Wham!
When should you have mentioned them?
No, we're talking about who's going to be in the finals and who'd you like.
And you know, people are like, oh, you guys never talk about the Flames.
What are you talking about?
We said they're the best party team in the league and they're a fucking wagon.
And they're leading the Pacific Division.
So what more do you want us to say?
Exactly. I thought we've actually done a
lot of talking about
the Calgary Flames we
talked about Giordano
and how awesome of a
guy he is when he hit
his thousandth game and
he should be at the
All-Star game probably
he's on pace for 112
and he might win the
Norris I just hate
James Neal he's a
scumbag so I didn't
want to talk about him
obviously these guys
are friends with James
Neal so for those who are going to go on a Twitter rant
And say that these guys hate each other
That's not the case, right Bugsy?
Well I don't know, you can say anything on Twitter
That makes more sense than he probably realized it does
You can say anything on there
With me and you being in Edmonton
How much that fanbase hated us
Now we have the whole province of Alberta hating us Because we didn't mention the Flames So yeah, so and you being in Edmonton, how much that fan base hated us, now we have the whole province of Alberta
hating us
because we didn't
mention the Flames.
So yeah,
so you guys got
both Edmonton,
or Alberta teams.
But it doesn't matter
because Bill Peters
came over to our table
last night at dinner.
Oh yeah,
I forgot he came over
and said hello.
The Flames coach.
Yeah, he did.
So he might know
that we're pumping them up.
Can you guys stop
talking while my team
is ripping it up? Well, he was ripping it up. Can you guys stop talking about my team just ripping it up off the air?
Well, he was ripping it up.
He was having a couple cocktails.
Whit, I have one more thing written down as far as a story.
You said you wanted me to wait to tell me on the actual podcast.
I don't know if that sentence made sense.
Whit celebrating a second assist story.
Because we were talking about guys celebrating assists.
Upby was talking about guys celebrating assists it was uh talking about
remember yeah so i actually was thinking of a different one but the one that i
that i was a part of i was over in um at the under 18s and it was like summer going it was
like spring of like my senior year in high school so it was a big tournament like the drafts the
following year you know like big deal and i didn was a big tournament, like the drafts the following year.
Big deal.
I didn't have a point through the first four games of the
preliminary speak much. How are you?
Preliminary rounds, I didn't have a point.
The fifth game, dude, I snap
it over. We're up 7-0.
I snap it over to my D partner.
He fires it down
the wall. A guy gets it, makes a
move. Nice move on the goal line snipes
top shelf so i got a second assist but i have now passed it like 40 seconds earlier you know
what i mean and we're skating to the pile and i was just like fist pumping i'm just going in so
hard just ripping my fist and i'm just so fired up because i knew i got an assist on the play
and the next day we're watching the video the the coach, Alex Roberts, he stopped it.
He's like, you're this happy that you got a second assist?
Where were the fist pumps when you were going into the pile when you didn't get a point?
I was like, they were there.
They were just a little bit smaller.
So I got shit on for that one.
But I don't know how that came.
That was Tutu that brought up that story?
No, Uppy did.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Uppy did, yeah.
He said Uppy would score and Tutu got a second assist.
He was fist pumping.
He jumped into the glass in the other corner.
Yeah, that was cool.
The Uppy interview was awesome.
That one I think people will really enjoy.
People enjoy all of them.
Wait, you told me to mention when we were at the game on Sunday
that Biz is fake punt guy.
Oh, my God.
Biz is the guy.
I realized this quick.
It was the first time I ever watched football with him.
It's fourth and 20, and they're on their own 10.
Watch for the fake.
Watch for the fake.
Watch for the fake.
Punt goes in the air, 65 yards.
Change of possession.
Next time, the guy gets fourth and 15.
Watch for the fake. Watch for the fake. And I was like two times. I'm like, dude, is he the guy Next time the guy gets fourth and 15. Watch for the fake.
Watch for the fake.
And I was like, two times.
I'm like, dude, is he the guy every time?
Sure as shit, the third time.
Dude, we got to watch for the fake here.
They're midfield.
This could be a fake time.
And I was like, you're the watch for the fake punt guy?
He's like, what do you mean?
You keep telling us to watch for the fake every time there's a punt.
You're the guy that it happens the 35th time.
You know, you've been saying it.
You're like, told you, told you.
Oh, God.
First instance with the interception guy.
Here comes an interception.
Yeah.
Who was talking about when there was like 20 seconds left last week,
and it was like 20 to 17, and they're like,
this game's got OT written all over it.
Cons.
Kevin Conley, that was another one.
It's like it's a three-point game, and it's fourth down, and the team's on their offensive
20-yard line.
So, you know, 15, yeah, 25-yarder coming up.
And Cons is like, this game's shaping up for OT.
I'm like, you know what I'm saying, dude, as he ties up the game with the clock winding
down.
Then later in the game, Cons, no, later in the Patriots game, because the Patriots end up going to OT,
he goes, hey, this game's shaping up for OT.
I'm like, you don't say.
So Kevin Connolly is...
The OT to your punt.
Watch for the fake punt.
Oh, God, I'm going to be in a torch online for that.
Boy, so that's a pretty long podcast.
Yeah, that's a long podcast.
We have a great work interview.
Once again, the West Coast Wagon Tour is now over.
We're going to be pumping out tons of content.
All the interviews, of course, featuring Bugsy and Teddy.
Of course, thank you to New Amsterdam Vodka,
who sent us on this all-star extravaganza weekend.
Grinnelli wants one more here.
I think RA has a little gambling corner for the boys.
Oh, what?
We get extra gambling corner.
Well,
we didn't have one the other day because the NHL took a break for the
all-star game.
And,
uh,
a lot of teams are on their buys right now.
So it's,
might be a risky time to gamble with teams coming in and out of buy.
So keep an eye on that.
Teams out,
have been on breaks.
Guys might be a little rusty.
Real quick.
All right.
Before we get to your gambling corner,
your gambling corner is brought to you by cap Terra.
Do you remember the year 1989, the year the World Wide Web was invented?
We've come a long way in the last 30 years.
So why does it feel like the software you use every day at work is stuck in the past?
Take a leap into the future by finding the right software for your business on Capterra.com.
Capterra is the leading free online resource to help you find the best software solution for your business.
With over 700,000 reviews of products from real software users,
discover everything you need to make an informed decision.
Search more than 700 specific categories of software,
everything from project management to email marketing to yoga studio management software.
No matter what kind of software your business needs,
Capterra makes it easy to discover the right solution and fast.
Join the millions of people who use Capterra each month to find the right tools for their business.
It's funny because, I mean, obviously I don't own a business,
but my dad does, and my dad made the switch to Capterra a few months back,
and it's made his business so much more efficient,
and he can't thank them enough.
So visit Capterra.com slash chicklets for free today to find the right tools to make 2019 the
year for your business. capterra.com slash chicklets capterra.com slash chicklets that's
c-a-p-t-e-r-r-a. com slash chicklets. So having said that,
Winnipeg
at Philadelphia Monday night,
kind of hot, has been a nice story for
Philly, but the Jets have been off for about a week
and a half. They're coming off a loss as well,
so I'm going to be on Winnipeg for a
money line. Winnipeg on the money line
for a unit, and on the puck line for a
half unit. Again, that's Monday, Winnipeg
over Philly. And Wednesday night puck line for a half unit. Again, that's Monday. Winnipeg over Philly.
And Wednesday night, same situation.
Tampa Bay, they've been off for a little bit.
They're probably going to want to stop the stretch run off on the right foot.
So I like Tampa Bay Wednesday night.
Add Pittsburgh.
Tampa Bay on the moneyline for a unit as well.
Yeah, and the last thing I did remember is how about the guy asking me,
hey, will you sign your, what did he say, your money ticket or something?
I was like, what are you talking about? He whipped up a Crosby jersey.
So I signed a Sidney Crosby jersey.
Ryan Whitney, thanks a lot.
So I wonder if...
I got it on video.
I got it all documented.
I just want to wrap up by saying thank you guys.
Yeah, thanks.
Bugsy again, Teddy, R.A.,
great job flying out here and basically doing nothing.
And shout out to New Amsterdam Vodka.
Shout out to New Amsterdam Vodka for helping us out with all this stuff.
Basically everything we did this whole week was because of New Amsterdam Vodka.
Absolutely.
Just kidding, RA.
And a little bit Budweiser.
Budweiser Canada is, of course, a sponsor.
But fans, this was work for us.
We worked hard.
We hope you enjoy the content.
And based on that, we're going to keep trying to push out more and more
and give you guys the behind-the-scenes look at what the NHL has got to offer.
Wonderful.
Peace out.
Psychic spies from China try to steal your mind's elation
And little girls from Sweden dream of silver screen quotations
And if you want these kind of dreams, it's Californication
It's the edge of the world in all of Western civilization
The sun may rise in the east at least it's settled in a final day
