Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 146 of Spit and Chip.
It's presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
All the boys are back from Cali.
Still probably a little bit tired from that week out there,
but thanks again to all the beautiful people of San Jose for the great hospitality.
Had a great time out there and down in Venice as well.
Let's say hello to the fellas this evening. Let's go to Paul Bissonette first out West.
What's going on, buddy?
What's up, boys?
Phoenix Open Golf Tournament this weekend here.
I'm going to avoid that as much as possible,
but a little birdie told me that Shane O'Brien is coming to town.
Oh, Jesus.
If you know anyone who can get me a liver transplant,
I'd appreciate that.
I'll even give you the Biz20 promo code.
Maybe we'll go Biz40, give you 40 off the Eagle Energy.
And speaking of New Amsterdam, thank you again for bringing us to the All-Star Game.
Awesome time.
Much love to New Amsterdam Vodka.
Sweets both nights.
Thanks a lot.
What a life we were living with NAV.
What's up, boy? Ryan Whitney. What's up, what dog?
What's up, boys? Just kicking it. Finally feeling normal again. It's nice to be home. Nice to be back. We got a lot to talk about.
Yeah, plenty to chatter about. I'm still adjusting to the time zone. And our buddy, producer Mikey Grinelli.
A little bit of flooding situation in New York, but not your standard flood.
How's that, pal?
Not many people can say their neighbor's pissed or their person that lives above them pissed their bed.
But this kid literally pissed my own bed.
And shit.
And shit.
He pissed and shit my bed.
My room was raining piss and shit.
Dude, I saw the tweet.
Now, the first tweet about getting into bed and having it being soaked is so gross that, like, right away, before I knew anything, I was just like, oh, I would have jumped out.
I did.
Yeah.
But then to find out what it actually was.
It's not funny.
It's not funny.
The worst part is my roommate is like, oh, I bet it's fucking piss and shit.
I bet it's like a toilet overflow
or something and it's piss and shit from someone.
I'm like, shut the fuck up. No way, dude.
No shot. Did it not stink?
Dude, it smelled so bad, but it
didn't smell like piss and shit. It just
smelled like... It smelled like a combination
of both. It smelled like the Great
Depression. It just rained
and piss and shit. So my whole bed's
ruined. I had to go buy a new bed today.
My mattress pad that I bought
three days ago, four days ago, ruined.
I got some Egyptian sheets.
Wait, you've been talking about the high thread
counts. Oh, shit, man. You got the
Egyptian shit? So I went and bought
some high thread count sheets because Witt's
always talking about them. I thought that's what cool people
do. Well, those are kind of shitty, huh? Yeah. Well, yeah, pretty shitty. So now I have
to go buy some like 3 sheets off Amazon. How much did Witt like his own joke there?
I wish you people could see him smiling. Pretty shitty.
Grinnelli, how the fuck do you have to pay for this?
I don't know. I don't know what's going on. I put in a claim through renters insurance.
I told my landlord that I wasn't paying this month.
He did not take that kindly.
He freaked out on me, basically threatened to sue me.
I threatened to sue him.
We kind of went back and forth a little bit.
It was a little pretty intense.
Should we get a GoFundMe going for Grinnell's lawyer?
It'll be the WitFundMe.
The worst is the bed.
I had to buy a new bed today.
It cost me almost 1,000.
No, we'll take that out of the teen kitty.
Yeah, I said we'll take that out of the kitty.
By the way, I told you to go to the hotel last night.
What'd you do?
Sleep on the couch?
Yeah, I slept on my couch.
My couch is not comfortable.
It's like a dentist couch.
You know why he did that?
Because he's a fucking team player.
And this morning, Wit had daddy daycare.
R.A. had to work.
And we got Kendall Coyne Schofield.
Obviously, you guys can be on.
I talked to her.
Man, she has so many accomplishments.
It's crazy.
We spent the whole interview, me talking about her accomplishments.
I couldn't even ask her any real questions.
But awesome for her.
And tonight, we recorded on Wednesday.
She found the time period in order to do the interview because she had a big night ahead of her where she was doing in-game analysis
for the Pittsburgh Penguins and Tampa Bay Lightning game,
and you're watching it right now.
Are you not, Whit?
Yeah, I saw her on with Edzo talking, and she sounds great.
They showed up a little stat board, her versus Edzo,
because they're actually from the same town in Illinois,
where it showed she's been to six world championships
and won five gold medals.
So, I mean, along with the gold medal in the Olympics
and that lap she did, somebody hit the funniest tweet,
like, how much of a head start would I have needed to beat her in that race?
I think I would have needed at least around the net.
Give me  let me start at the net.
She starts at the red line, and it's going to be a close one.
And we also have retired NHL and all-around character Dustin Penna.
He joined us in Venice last week.
We got him coming as well.
And, Wits, what's up with that?
Is that an Arizona State hat on your head?
What's that all about?
Oh, yeah.
God, you know, our boy Johnny Walker at Arizona State doesn't need UJs anymore.
He can just crank it to me wearing this hat probably.
But what happened was a good friend of mine, Mike Shaw, owner of Fat Baby in Southie.
It's a sushi, great bar, restaurant.
He sent me a little text on Saturday night.
Hey, Arizona State's playing BU.
What do you think
of a little wager? I said, okay, by the way, we were in one, we were in the middle of that trip,
but I don't know what day it is. If I was smart, I would have looked and I thought it was like the
first game of the weekend. I might, I think I thought it was Friday. So BU had one Friday,
but our bets, you know, was only on Saturday and Arizona state shut them out. I think they
shut him. I think it was three Cobb. And all of a sudden I got to wear
this hat recording. I would have won a free dinner
and drinks at Fat Baby, but instead
I'm wearing this foolish Arizona State
hat. It would look a lot better on some
rocket from there.
Speaking of Arizona State,
tomorrow me and Jason Demers
are going to the ASU
U of A basketball game
and me and him are going to be the distraction
wall you know when Michael Phelps did the like the gold medals and he came out so me and Demers
are going to be acting as those two so we got to think of a costume uh I think the team nixed uh
the the bondage outfit where he was going to be like he had me on a leash and I was going to have
like a ball in my mouth
where like, obviously it's aggressive, but we want to make sports.
On a college campus, that's top 10.
Bring out the game.
Yeah, so shout out to ASU.
Obviously their hockey team is still doing pretty good
and should be a fun night with Jason Demers,
who's a character, as you people know,
because we had him on a few weeks ago.
So what else you got for us, R.A.?
What's going on in the hockey world?
Well, we always anticipate big trades this time of year,
and we got one while we were gone since the last episode.
L.A. traded Jake Muzzin to Toronto for Toronto's 2019 first-round pick
and a pair of prospects.
Muzzin is in his eighth NHL season.
He's a top-pair demon.
He can play all situations.
He definitely upgrades the court.
Toronto is going to have a little ripple effect.
He's a champion.
You can never have too many of those guys in the room.
And the best part is they get him cheap.
He's only 4 million for this year and next year.
So they're basically getting him for two cup runs.
I mean, if you're a Toronto fan, you've got to love this deal.
You didn't have to give up one of your top two or three prospects.
Your 2019 pick this year is going to be in the high 20s. So, hey, man, if I'm a Leafs fan, I'm pretty fired to love this deal. You didn't have to give up one of your top two or three prospects. Your 2019 pick this year is going to be in the high 20s.
So, hey, man, if I'm a Leafs fan, I'm pretty fired up about this deal.
What say you, Whit?
Real fired up.
Real fired up if you're a Leafs fan.
And I don't know if you guys know our  well, he's kind of an online buddy for me,
Steve Dangle.
You guys ever see him?
Die-hard Leafs fan.
So, basically, I go on how he
He's very animated. He loves his job. But he's very animated what he thinks loves his job on
Twitter like what he thinks of Toronto's moves I kind of you know that's kind of how I feel like
basically I follow his lead in terms of how Leafs Leafs fans feel and I think he wrote oh my god
that was just his first tweet when he saw and when I started thinking about it it really is
is a great trade and everyone said what is the one worry about Toronto?
It's the D.
And a trade like this is so important, not only because you add
Ari, I love how you said you add a champion.
You add a guy who knows what it takes to win.
But it just slots everyone down a little bit.
You know what I mean?
Morgan Rielly's had a stud year, could win the Norris Trophy.
But he doesn't have to be the number one guy all the time.
Yes, offensively he will be. But be the number one guy all the time. Yes,
offensively he will be, but Muzzin defensively is a beast. I mean, I've seen a bunch of the hits
they've been showing kind of his highlights in terms of when they're talking about the trade
on TV. He hammers guys hard to play against down low, big guy that can move the puck and he can
get involved offensively. I mean, once in a while, I mean, he's not, he's certainly no slob,
no slouch, excuse me. So you'll see him scoring some rocket one-timers,
and he's probably been the best defenseman on L.A. this year.
I mean, Drew Doughty's a superstar, but I think overall,
if you look at all of L.A.'s games and from what I'm hearing of people
who see them play every night, he has been that good this year.
And with the rest of Toronto's D, I mean, you look at a guy like Travis Dermott,
who I love, he can skate like the wind.
It just allows him to be down a little bit,
and that's what it would take for them to win the Stanley Cup.
Maybe have him on the third pair as opposed to the second pair.
That's a guy who I think in the future, second, possibly first pair D-man,
but now he's on the third pair.
It's kind of like the year that I went to the Stanley Cup Finals.
I was probably playing a little bit too much, and then all of a sudden to go to the Cup Finals, I went to the Stanley Cup Finals. I was probably playing a little bit too much,
and then all of a sudden, to go to the Cup Finals,
I was on the third pair, me and Chris Letang,
or, you know, Daryl Storr was there.
So it's about slotting guys where they need to be
to be a Cup champion, and Muzzin, I think,
gives Toronto a chance now to really get it done
because adding a defenseman like this is just invaluable.
Well, I mean, you said he's so good defensively,
and to get those points, you talked about him bringing it off offensively.
Three of the last four seasons before this, he's reached the 40-point mark,
but he doesn't do it taking a ton of risks offensively.
He's not a liability defensively,
considering he's putting up those numbers and points.
You mentioned kind of slotting guys down.
You've got Morgan Riley playing left side,
obviously a true number one based on what he's doing this season.
And then now all of a sudden Muzzin's the second left side deep pairing,
which that's going to help him.
He's going to be able to get the matchups
and still maybe be able to produce offensively.
I'm not sure how the power play is going to work.
I would imagine he would be on the second unit
given the talent they have up front.
They probably play four and one.
But like you guys said, a champion, 29 years old.
You still get this year's cup run, hopefully for Toronto fans.
And then, of course, next year.
And really not giving up anything in your roster right now.
I mean, a first-round pick, but, I mean, they have enough to go around.
So this is a huge pickup for the Leafs,
and they answer a question mark that they had,
and Dubas just keeps getting it done.
And the kid, Carl Grundstrom,
who is the prospect that was traded in the deal,
I played with him for a minute when I was in Modo in Sweden
for one second before I retired.
He was on the team, and from what I saw quickly
and from what I've kind of heard and seen his AHL numbers, he's a bull.
He runs around.
He hammers guys.
He's like a refrigerator on skates, but he can move and he's physical.
I don't know if there's a ton of offensive upside there.
I'm thinking that in the NHL he it'd be a really good third liner.
So when you look at trying to get a top four defenseman, you're willing to move a guy like
that. And like R.A. said, the first round pick is late. So it's a great trade. I really think
that Toronto wins this one as of right now. And before I throw it back over to you, R.A.,
and a 4 million cap hit, that for a guy who brings what he does as a defenseman in today's NHL,
he's getting paid like six in free agency, maybe even closer to seven. So that's, as we mentioned,
a great pickup. And I like the trade for LA too. I wouldn't say a total rebuild, but something had
to give. Yeah, I think that's the other part of the story here, Biz, is that the Kings are
essentially waving the white flag in the season. Fire sale is here. They're basically at the bottom of the
standings. I think they know they're not going to get the playoffs this year. And I think this
has been coming for a while. The Kings have been kind of slowly sinking to the bottom after a hell
of a run. I mean, two cups, they got 12 and 14. They were running the league for a while with
Chicago and, well, the Bruins only won one cup, but those three, four teams would dominate in the
league. But this is what happens. You're good for a while and then you stink for a while with Chicago and well, the Bruins only won one cup, but those three, four teams would dominate in the league. But you know,
this is what happens.
You're good for a while and then you stink for a bit.
So they're going to probably be selling a lot more pots.
You know,
Kyle Hagelin,
Jeff Carter,
if he wants to get traded,
I wouldn't be surprised if they start selling off everybody.
So yeah,
Toronto gives up a mid to late twenties pick two mid-level prospects for a
guy's going to help their top pair for the next two cup runs,
man.
I mean,
you can say both teams won the trade,
but if I'm a Leafs fan, I next two cup runs, man. I mean, you could say both teams won the trade,
but if I'm a Leafs fan, I'm doing fucking cartwheels.
And, boys, changing subjects here, I had a little note.
As of Tuesday, both New York Islanders goalies were in the top four as far as even strength save percentage.
That's with a minimum of 20 games played.
Leonard was first with a 9-4-0,
and Grice was fourth with a 9-3-0 save percentage
a big reason why the Islanders are in first in their division second in the conference
uh they've allowed the fewest amount of goals in the league this season at 122 and the reason I
brought that up is uh today um on the Wednesday of us recording is bell let's talk and obviously
it it takes over the internet,
especially for the hockey world.
Such an important issue.
A great job by Bell to get this going
and creating the awareness.
And Leonard's been pretty open about his personal struggles,
his mental health and all of that.
So he sent out a tweet.
I retweeted it.
You guys can go on the Twitter and read it.
Grinnell, even if you want to pull it up and you can read it
after I'm done talking here, but great to see him doing well
and he clearly found peace.
And I always like  I'm a sucker for a comeback story.
So congratulations to him and the Islanders and anyone else
who's came out of a hole
like that. I know Darling, who came on our podcast, Scott Darling is another guy who went through some
stuff and ended up coming back and winning a cup. So Grinnell, do you have the tweet there?
Yeah, he actually had two of them. His first was, there's no shame in asking for help.
Learn from the past and don't be afraid of change. Have faith that things will get better.
learn from the past and don't be afraid of change. Have faith that things will get better.
Hashtag bell. Let's talk hash full, thankful hashtag D I F D. And then he also tweeted as a man with multiple mental, mental illnesses. I stand here today being able to do what I love
with a great family. I'm truly ha I'm a truly happy man with a great support system, great
psychiatrists and medicine and people to fall back on if i need to talk take the first step bell let's talk and then he had a picture of his kids there love it so
congratulations to him that's uh who was it fucking someone cutting onions in here good job biz on
mentioning that this loves a good comeback normally normally r.a's the sentimental guy
wit you're great at it too i'm not good at it but actually fuck I'm happy
with that first cut there
I'm a big crier I cry
at everything
I'm a baby I'm an emotional
savage
what else do you think we should talk about before we
toss it off to our first interview
another trade this was
kind of a funny trade Jamie Oleksiak
the pen sent him back to Dallas for the Stars' fourth round pick in 2019,
which was funny because Pittsburgh traded for him last year,
and that's what they traded Dallas, a fourth round pick in 2019.
So they got that pick back.
That was only 13 months ago.
I guess they didn't like what they saw with him, but they sent him back to Dallas.
Interestingly, he's in the first year of a three-year, 6.4 million deal.
He did break in the league with Dallas about five, six years ago,
had a cup of coffee with Pittsburgh, and they sent him back.
So I guess not a minor trade, but a little bit of a housekeeping trade.
Housekeeping trade, what's your take on it, Barwitz?
Well, it's like it never happened.
Seriously, right?
I mean, you know, Pittsburgh loses to Washington, and he's back, and they got the draft pick back.
It's literally like nothing ever happened.
Jamie Olekskiak.
Olekskiak, just a fart in the wind in Pittsburgh.
See you later.
Shout out to his sister.
Unbelievable world-class swimmer.
Really?
Canadian.
Olympian?
Oh, yeah.
I think she won a gold medal at the last Olympics last summer.
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
She's a stud.
That's when, like, you have two kids.
Maybe there's more kids in his family.
A son makes the NHL.
Daughter's an Olympic swimmer.
It's like, what are the fucking chances of that?
That's unreal.
Good genes.
Speaking of the Olympics, let's go to U.S. gold medalist
and the first woman to participate in the NHL All-Star Game Skills Competition,
Kendall Coyne Schofield.
This interview is brought to you by Herbal Active,
the 100 hemp-based CBD product.
We've been talking about it quite some time now.
It helps me with my sleep.
That's the level three drops that I use.
It helps me with anxiety, depression, some other things that, you know, we all go through, we all have our good days and bad days. We know that.
They also have CBD balm, great for muscles and joint pain. You know, I told you guys about how
I used it on my back when I herniated my disc a little bit about a month ago, helped out big time.
They also have dog treats. they have mints for situational
issues. We're going to give you a biz 20 promo code for 20 off. That's herbal active. You are
B a L a C T I V. You can go to their Instagram and Twitter. Uh, you can DM them on Instagram.
You can message them on Twitter for any questions you have about maybe health concerns or
what the product contains. They will answer that for you. If you live in Canada, they can ship
there. It does take a little bit longer. So make sure you message them for all the details. That's
Herbal Active. Follow them on social media. Ask them the questions. great product and that's all i got to say about that
it's my pleasure to introduce our next guest uh she's basically took it over the internet the last
five days well at least hockey twitter and social media uh she was born in chicago illinois uh she's
a member of the u.s women's national team also a member of the minnesota white. Women's National Team, also a member of the Minnesota Whitecaps of the NWHL.
If she wasn't a household name already, that all changed on Friday night at the NHL All-Star Game
when she competed in the skills competition and with a time of 14.346, had a crazy fast lap.
Kendall, I was in attendance and I had goosebumps. So welcome
to the podcast, Kendall Coyne Schofield, and it's been a pretty crazy five days for you.
Yeah, thanks, Paul. Thanks so much for having me. It was an electrifying night. It was a historic
moment, broke some barriers, and here we are today. Just describe the last five days. I'm sure your texts have been crazy.
You'd be getting tons of FaceTime on social media.
I'm sure you're getting tons of requests to do media,
so we appreciate your time here.
Yeah, it's been pretty crazy.
I appreciate you guys having me on and appreciate the support,
but it has been very exciting, very overwhelming,
but all positive stuff and
just to see some of the stories and um you know some of the emails i've gotten about you know how
you know young people are inspired to you know accomplish big things it's been pretty cool
um i want to know how it all came about like when you found out you're going to be competing in the
skills competition and how you found out uh so, yeah. So originally two weeks ago, I found out I was going to the All-Star weekend
to take part with three other players, two Canadians and then Brianna Decker.
And so I was going to be demoing the accuracy shooting.
And the day before, when we got in, I got off about a five-hour flight
and then got to the rink.
And Patrick Burke wanted me to just jump
into the fastest skater um you know course uh because we were just rehearsing making sure
everything was going to go as planned the next day athlete actual competition um i ran a 14-2-6
that day and um and then fast forward the next day and Nathan McKinnon was unable to go.
And I think with the time that I had done the day before and, you know,
a spot being open and me physically being there, it was just the right thing to do.
And I know a lot of hard conversations were had in previous years to have women compete in the competition. And, you know, the time was right and everything just fell into place.
And, you know, the avalan and everything just fell into place and um you
know the avalanche tweeted at me would you fill in for uh nathan mckinnon and obviously it was a
no-brainer and um so that's kind of how everything took place we got to the rink um and it was go
time well i know you got a few practice laps you just mentioned that but when you know in real time
how nervous were you before you started oh i was pretty nervous um you know one in real time, how nervous were you before you started? Oh, I was pretty nervous.
You know, one of the coolest parts was I went on the ice for warm-ups
for about two minutes, and so everyone's shooting around,
and everyone was already on the ice.
And I went to shoot, and, you know, Henrik Lundqvist was in the net,
and I was like, all right, this is pretty cool.
But then, you know, we got off the ice, they cut the ice,
and when we came back out I was the first to
go first to start the show and I went up to Connor McDavid I'm like are you nervous and he's like
yeah I'm a little nervous and that made me feel better because I'm like this guy's gonna win this
thing and he's nervous you know so exactly and I mean it's not every day you get to do that type
of course I mean even Hisken and fell when he was going. So, I mean, I would be nervous if I had to do that.
and the USA chance started going.
And I was actually in my starting position.
And then the USA chance started and the ref was like,
you have a few seconds.
So I stood back up and just tried to take in the moment because it was just so cool.
Well, even afterward, that's when it went banana lands in that arena.
So one thing I noticed is as soon as you were finished,
Pierre Maguire called you over and I saw you on the jumbotron.
I'm like, this girl needs some water.
And did you have to do your interview before you even got a swig of water?
I did.
Yeah, my mouth was a little bit dry.
I think, you know, a combination of the skate and the nerves.
And I think I said to Patrick Kane, I go,
if I felt like this after every hockey shift,
I don't think I could play hockey.
Oh, man, that's unreal.
So then you just got hired by NBC to do actually the game tonight.
We're recording on Wednesday.
You're going to be giving your in-game analysis on the Pittsburgh
and Tampa Bay game tonight, I believe, correct?
Yep, that's correct.
So obviously that came about afterward like are you are you excited for
that opportunity have you ever done anything like that um yeah i'm extremely excited for the
opportunity i'm super excited to learn from you know john eddie and pierre tonight and just see
the broadcast um you know everything about the broadcast and um you know i've always had interest
in broadcasting i was a communications major at Northeastern.
I did a little sideline reporting when I was there
and had time when I wasn't playing.
And then, you know, it's just something I've always, you know,
been interested in.
And, you know, I'm so excited for this opportunity.
They emailed USA Hockey on Sunday night, and, you know,
I opened the email and just was ecstatic.
Yeah, it's all the
great opportunity and uh you know it'd be nice to implement some some female presence of course in
the hockey analysis aspect of the NHL I didn't mention this in your introduction I wanted to
save it to 2018 was an insane year for you uh especially winning an Olympic gold medal uh of
course we want you to talk about that just just take it easy as far as the final game against my Canadians, okay?
It's because he's Canadian.
That's why he didn't mention it.
You've won enough.
Come on.
But it was, yeah, that moment was spectacular.
It's a moment that has been a long time coming for the United States
and, you know, women's ice hockey.
It was a 20-year drought um and i think you know on the ice um i you know everyone some people had their eyes open some people had their eyes closed um i was more of a half open half closed kind of
person just waiting to hear the crowd noise to know if it was good or bad um but you know the
second you know maddie made that final save it was just like we did But, you know, the second, you know, Maddie made that final save,
it was just like we did it.
And, you know, being on the other side of things of losing four years ago
and knowing that feeling, you know, I felt for the Canadians.
I know what they were going through.
But, you know, I think the most special part, besides being on the ice,
hearing your anthem, conquering your childhood dream was being able
to come home and reach out to so many kids and inspiring them to reach their childhood dreams,
you know, just as I did mine. So it was a pretty amazing year and that was top on the list for
sure. And then that led to this crazy media tour, jealous of some of the people you got to meet.
that led to this crazy media tour, jealous of some of the people you got to meet.
You guys went on Ellen.
What was it like meeting her?
Like, what's that like?
Oh, that was so cool.
I don't know if you saw the whole show, but she actually gifted us.
Our jersey is hanging in her studio right alongside Drew Brees'. So that was really cool.
And then Jimmy Fallon, of course.
Yep.
Yeah, I mean, just, you know, all these people, you know,
reaching out and wanting to see us and hear from us.
It was awesome.
And it just shows the respect that our game is getting
and, you know, the respect it deserves and the reach we have.
You know, it's just we're going to keep going and
friday night was another example of that and so hopefully you know see all these moments are
amazing and they're eye-opening and so we want you know why you here want you there hopefully
it becomes a little bit more of a standard that you know oh that's normal you know women can skate
that fast um and not so much of a shock factor and And then after that, you guys ended up going to the ESPYs,
and the U.S. women's national team won best game.
And that was another experience for you.
Yeah, that one was really cool.
And, you know, just it was an emotional, definitely an emotional day.
You know, obviously all those sister survivors came out on the stage at the end.
So it goes without saying, you know, there's so much more to sport than just the game and um you know we were
excited to be there um you know in order in to win best game i mean that's big volumes as to
you know where the sport has come and um you know how great you know of a sport it is i mean we don't
we don't vote.
Did you end up meeting anyone else that you were excited to meet as far as athletes while you were there?
Trying to think that
we met so many athletes just trying to take it all in.
Okay. I don't, I don't really, I really I mean there were so many it's hard to pick one
um and then as if your summer wasn't busy enough you ended up getting married so congratulations
you you married uh Michael Schofield he actually played uh well he plays for the LA Chargers now
but he won a Super Bowl with the Denver Broncos yeah, that was an awesome moment for sure.
So, yeah, that was definitely the highlight of my life so far
was that July 7, 2018.
So, it was awesome to marry my best friend.
And, you know, obviously we're each other's biggest fans in sport
and in life.
So, too bad I couldn't be playing next week.
Yeah, and then obviously this year started kind of on the same path as last year uh now
looking forward here uh you guys have a rivalry series with the canadians set up for uh february
12th 14th and 17th that's going to take place in london ontario toronto ontario and detroit
michigan it's a three-game series uh usa versus Canada. Can you talk about that a little bit?
Yeah, we're super excited for the opportunity. I don't know if you remember, but back in 2017,
our team took a stance and we boycotted our world championships until significant progress was made with our lawsuit with USA Hockey. And obviously, we made progress. We came to terms. We played in
the world championships. And I'm not. We played in the World Championships,
and I'm not just saying it's rub it in,
but we did beat Canada on home soil,
which was an awesome moment for us.
But part of that negotiation was more programming,
and to finally see it two years later, here we are,
and we're getting three more games against Canada,
you know, on awesome stages and markets,
London, Toronto, and then Detroit.
So we're so excited for the opportunity,
excited to continue to push and grow the game and, you know,
fill a season with a national team year,
because before we were only playing 10 games with a four nations cup in the
world championships. So now we're adding three more.
And I think we're only going to keep continuing to grow from here.
Yeah. So a few more things to,
they haven't announced where it's going to be on television
or where it's going to air.
Some bad news for Canadians.
U.S. and Canada have met in every major international final since Sochi.
Eight out of ten have been won by the United States.
So you guys are on a bit of a heater right now.
And you mentioned you're a two-time Olympic medalist,
one gold, one silver, a five-time world champion.
Also, I was asked to ask you about hashtag paydecker.
Yeah, well, essentially, how do you feel about that?
She won the competition, and a lot of people right now are saying
that she deserves to get paid.
I know CCM has stepped up saying they'll pay her,
but what are your thoughts on all that?
Do you think from square one the NHL should have paid her the original, what was it? 25,000 or so?
Oh yeah. I mean, I think, uh, you know, I understand, you know, she was demonstrating
the drill. So obviously, um, you know, the legality of the situation, technically she
wasn't in the competition. Um, but I think with, with CCM stepping up, um, you know,
and paying her, it just shows they did the right thing.
And I was happy she got paid and CCM did the right thing.
But I also think it speaks volumes to our game, right?
People always say the speed and the skill isn't as good.
I think I took down the speed and I think she took down the skill and showcased it on the highest level.
So I think it only opens the doors for next year showing that, you know,
women can compete in, you know, in the event. You know,
I was the only one to actually compete. And I understood, you know,
the ramifications that came with me competing.
And I think she understood the ramifications with her demoing.
So I understand the NHL stance, but you know,
I think it opens the doors for the future saying, look, Hillary Knight got, I think, third or fourth last year in the accuracy shooting.
So we've just checked three boxes right there.
Out of everyone on that USA women's hockey team, who do you think would dominate a certain skills competition the most?
I think we have someone who could fill every skill. competition the most? Um, no,
I think we have someone who could fill every,
you know,
every skill.
Like,
like they could,
they would dominate the breakaways.
Yeah.
I would put them in the breakaway for sure.
Um,
you have,
I would obviously,
I put Niter right back into accuracy shooting.
I mean,
she proved herself last year.
Um,
you know, Kessel did the stick handling one and did it awesome last year as well.
I think Bozak would probably be hard to shot.
You can take any one of our goaltenders for the save streak.
What am I forgetting?
Am I forgetting anything?
We kind of put you on the spot a little bit there.
Well, Grinnell did.
Grinnell likes to grill our guests.
I'm a little easier on you guys.
Yeah, but at the same time, I'm like, you can take anyone,
and they'll shine.
I think that's what was so hard for me is there was just only one teammate there.
I wish all 22 of my teammates could have been there that weekend
because it was just a phenomenal weekend and so much support. I hope everyone gets the opportunity to be a part of a
NHL all-star weekend another thing we forgot to mention is Kendall won the Patty Kazmaier
Memorial Award which is the Hobie Baker for female hockey players in university at
at Northeastern University. That's pretty special.
Yeah, that was a really special moment.
And, you know, definitely one of the highlights of my career.
But, you know, it's an individual award.
And, you know, it's not possible without my teammates, my coaches,
you know, and the Northeastern community supporting me, you know, throughout my entire journey.
You know, I loved my time at Northeastern and, you know,
definitely prepared me for life after college.
Well, Kendall, we thank you for coming on.
Half of my notes here are just like awards and accomplishments you've had.
Obviously you've already had a great career. We wish you the best,
especially doing the in-game analysis tonight against Pittsburgh and who is it?
Pittsburgh and Tampa Bay.
Yeah. Who do you have winning? Oh, I don't know if you listen to the podcast but I'm a I'm a Sidney Crosby fan boy
I played with Sid for uh I was actually on the same line for about six seconds with him and uh
that was a special moment for me very cool well thank you so much for having me thanks for all the support and support women's
hockey and uh you know we're excited for the future of course thank you for coming on and
best of luck take it easy on my canadians all right we'll see all right see ya that interview
was also brought to you by quip the new year means new resolutions and we've got one you're
working on twice every day.
It's your oral health, and with a Quip electric toothbrush, sticking to good habits is simple.
The guiding features are like a built-in support system for better brushing.
I've been on the Quip for ages now.
I talk about it every week.
I love the sensitive sonic vibrations.
It's a nice, effective clean that's gentle on my senses of gums because my gums are super sensitive.
It also has the built-in two-minute timer that pulses every 30 seconds
to let you know to flip it over because most people don't brush their teeth
for the full two minutes.
But with Quip, it gives you the heads up, boom, flip it over, do it, you're done.
The brush heads are automatically delivered on a dentist-recommended schedule
every three months for just 5, a friendly reminder when it's time to refresh
and stay committed to your oral health.
Because 75 of us are using old, worn-out bristles that are ineffective.
Quip is also one of the first electric toothbrushes accepted by the American Dental Association.
They're backed by over 25,000 dental professionals,
and they have thousands of verified five-star reviews.
I'm a big fan of Quip because, again, I don't like using those old, crusty toothbrushes
that they give you at the dentist or even at the drugstore.
Quip is way better than that. I'm a big fan of it, and there's over a million happy,
healthy mouths that agree with me. Quip starts at just 25, and if you go to getquip.com
slash chicklets right now, you can get your first refill pack for free.
That's your first refill pack free atI-P.com slash chiclets.
Once again, big thank you to Kendall Coyne Schofield.
And once again, guys, that rivalry series,
it's a three-game series, U.S. versus Canada.
The first game is going to be in London on the 12th of February.
Second game in Toronto on the 14th of February.
And then they're going to wrap things up in Detroit on the 17th of February, and then they're going to wrap things up in Detroit
on the 17th of February. So I'm hoping that goes three, and Canada needs a win desperately.
They've been struggling in that head-to-head matchup as of late. We don't need to get into
it, just positive vibes for Canada. And Spittin' Chicklets account tomorrow on Twitter will be
posting the links where you can buy tickets to this.
Go out, support the ladies, and they haven't announced yet
where it's going to be televised.
So let's hope that they sell that place out
and then they're able to post it on television.
I mentioned it in her interview.
U.S. and Canada have met in every major international final since Sochi.
U.S. has won eight out of the ten.
Hi, me.
What's going on up north, Biz?
What's going on up north?
Boys, we also got to give a quick shout-out to CCM for paying Brianna Decker.
For those who don't know, people were mad online about Brianna Decker
not getting any prize money for the NHL.
After recording fastest time in the premier passing contest,
her time of one minute and six seconds beat the winner, Leon Dreisaitl,
by three seconds.
His time was one minute and nine seconds.
So real quick, just wanted to say classy move by CCM to reach out to Brianna Decker
and offer to pay her the 25K.
She should have won.
So, yeah, great move by CCM.
A little other update on the Temi Panarin situation.
He told the Columbus Blue Jackets that he will not be discussing his future
anymore until the season is done.
Which means he's gone.
Yeah, oh, God, yeah.
His agent said,
we have informed the team that we are willing to discuss Temi's future after
the season.
Our priority now is to focus on the rest of the season trying to win a Stanley Cup for the
Columbus Blue Jackets and their fans in turn Columbus GM Yamo Kikolainen said that basically
you know he has a bar that for what he wants for a Panarin trade if people meet it he'll make the
deal if they don't he won't I can't imagine he doesn't trade a guy I don't see what benefit that
would help the team at all we start play out in the island last year with John Tavares.
It didn't behoove them at all to keep them.
They did.
They got nothing for him.
So, yeah, I think Panarin is as good as gone in this situation.
Yeah, and Columbus, if you remember last year,
at the time Jack Johnson wasn't really even playing.
He was in and out of the lineup, and they wanted a first-round pick for him,
and they didn't get it, and they didn't trade him.
So we've talked about this a lot,
but I don't know how you go about making the decision.
I would say Kekulainen.
Kekulainen, am I saying it right?
I've heard it pronounced Kekulainen and Kekulainen.
I know when he played it was Kekulainen.
I've heard it Kekulainen.
We're not the name, guys.
Kekulainen, we're not the name, guys.
He's got the toughest job
I feel like right now of any GM
because do you try to
win the Cup? He has to really look and figure
out, do I think this team can win the Stanley
Cup? And if he does, he's not going to
trade him. And if he doesn't, he has to
like you're saying, Rear.
Also, what kind of
happened in the past few days is I think
people noticed that Panarin liked an old Instagram picture of him and Patrick Kane,
like randomly.
I think it was on his account.
This is like NBA type shit.
Well, I know, but like, dude, I don't know.
That's what people are talking about.
We're a podcast.
Chat it up.
Get some drama going.
Hopefully we don't end up like the NBA, but still,
I wouldn't be shocked at all if he wants to go back to Chicago.
I think he loved it there.
Him and Kane were dynamic, and it's an incredible city, as we learned on New Year's Eve.
So where he ends up is the question, but I think that this summer, he's going to have
the Tavares treatment.
I'm going to chime in here.
Obviously, they're going to trade him.
You think definite?
Definite.
Here's why I would as a GM, and here's where your biggest question mark is,
is what you're going to do with Bobrovsky.
Now, I don't know if he's in the same boat where he doesn't want to talk contract
until the season's over, which once again tells me he wants to get out of town.
But they have the pieces in place. I don't think Panarin's coming
back and that's evident get a couple good players for him in return and players that not draft picks
get a couple players that you're going to be able to insert in your lineup and make somewhat of a
an impact obviously you're not going to get back a first liner a couple maybe a couple one second
one third guys that could fill holes they have
akatson signed for six more years after this year at a 5.9 million dollar average he's an all-star
he's got 28 goals you you got a star then you got pear luke dubois he's a first line center i i i
talked to jody shelly and i said hey it does Panera, is he the heartbeat of the line?
He goes, no, man, everyone brings their own weight.
He said, Dubois is the glue.
He's the number one.
See, most franchises, when they get their number one center,
they're over the moon.
They're like, we at least got a guy.
Okay, well, then you look at their back end.
Now I see them similarly built to Nashville,
where their strength is going to be their back end.
They have basically two number one defensemen,
Zinwarinski and Seth Jones.
Seth Jones, another guy who was at the All-Star game.
I mean, look at Toronto.
They've been begging for one.
I mean, they got Morgan Riley, but Columbus has two who I think
would probably be considered maybe more talented.
I don't want to go down that road, whatever.
Let's call it a wash. That's why I say your biggest question mark is Bobrovsky, I think, you know, would probably be considered maybe more talented. I don't want to go down that road, whatever.
Let's call it a wash.
That's why I say your biggest question mark is Bobrovsky and if you can bring him back and sign him.
Or do you even want to?
He's 30 years old.
He's had some injury issues.
You're going to have to fucking pay him top dollar,
but you also don't want to have a solid team
and then have your goaltender be a liability that way
in your
core years here moving forward because they still got Seth Jones to a pretty pretty good deal too
here up into 2022 Wierenski's probably going to make I would guess seven just because of you know
he's got he's got them by the balls he's a fucking number one d and uh and he's coming out of his
entry level so uh unless he's already signed, am I mistaken here?
Who?
Wierenski?
Wierenski.
I'm positive he's up for contract this summer.
And he's going to get a big one.
That would be my assumption.
Anyway, they got the pieces.
This is not your year.
Get rid of them.
Get some assets. And I would say two to three years is going to be their window.
That's going to be their time.
They're just going to have to replace Bobrovsky.
And once again, that might just open up more salary cap to bring guys in.
I mean, Columbus isn't the most attractive free agency place,
but, hey, if they got the money, they're going to be able to pay some guys
and they have to add some pieces.
That's just my opinion on the whole situation.
And Panarin is the type of player that, I mean, you grab him.
I mean, I know I'm living in Boston,
but imagine if the Bruins added Artemi Panarin.
Holy shit.
I mean, just a scoring, a true number one right wing,
and they already have one in Pasternak.
So a lot of teams are looking,
a lot of teams that want to win the Stanley Cup,
that's going to be their guy.
You know, maybe they don't get him,
and then they go to Wayne Simmons,
but Panarin is the number one guy.
And also, shout out, just quickly,
we're talking Seth Jones, beast.
I love that kid's game, future Norris Trophy winner.
Let's give a little shout out to Bugsy Malone
when he was trying to describe his game to me at the Ulster
game, calling him Seth Meyers for five
minutes. I said, who the fuck are you talking about, Bugsy?
He's like, the guy in Columbus.
Seth Meyers. I go, Seth Jones? He's like, oh
shit, Seth Meyers, the guy from TV.
He's a
fucking piece of work. I missed him.
Another guy I forgot to mention was Josh Anderson
as well. He's an up-and-comer, can contribute.
So they got some guys.
Yeah, I don't envy Yamo Kikolainen
in his position. And I'd be surprised if he
does go to Chicago, which just because they already have the
big tickets with Taves and Kane and, you know,
Panarin's going to be commanding some good money. But whoever
gets him... I think he'd love to, though.
It's going to be a huge addition. Just one comment
on the likes with Twitter. And I think that
that's probably a word that they should use another word
for it. Because when people like something,
people assume that that person actually dictionary definition likes what
they're tweeting.
A lot of times like me and Bissa,
we're just bookmarking it or saving it for some later.
You don't actually like the thing.
It was Instagram.
It's same.
Well,
same,
same thing.
Oh,
speaking of likes before we send it off to Dustin Penner,
I liked a video that was posted.
And this thing is sick and twisted, but I had to like it for followers to go back in my likes to see it.
It's this kid at like a lake jumping off a dock.
And in the midst of doing it, he lets this shit come out.
I saw that.
This thing.
Oh, my God.
This shit must have been two feet long.
Mesmerizing.
It's mesmerizing.
So I like the video there's
probably some people like this guy's a sick puppy but man if like if you have a sick sense of humor
go with my likes it's probably like 30 likes down by now because i was liking all those bell let
talks let's talk and and some other stuff i call shenanigans on that video but i biz i don't know
if that thing's real oh really well way, just go read the comments underneath
it, too. There was one guy where it was coming out.
One guy paused it, and he's like
the Pink Panther, because it looked like the Pink
Panther tail coming out
of his arse. Basically, just to let people know,
it's a guy diving into a lake,
but it's played in reverse. But as he
dives, he shits himself.
So when the tape plays in reverse,
you see the shit going back into his
cornhole as the tape plays yeah sounds disgusting but it's actually fucking mesmerizing so what it
is mesmerizing we're sick puppies though so why don't we send it off to dustin penner right now
on that note speaking of deuces yeah he's a he's a treat we actually got him over the phone though
ra we didn't get him live and uh before you got in there into uh where were we venice venice yeah penner penner doesn't hold back man he doesn't
give a shit so i hope you guys like the interview and uh we'll talk to you after this interview is
brought to you by 1-800-Flowers relationship tip number one it's not going to truly feel like
valentine's unless there's a surprise bouquet of roses involved. In this season, the biggest and brightest roses are only found at 1-800-Flowers.com.
Right now, when you order early, 1-800-Flowers has amazing deals on vibrant and romantic Valentine's rose bouquets,
arrangements, and more, starting at just 29.99.
There are so many unbelievable deals from 1-800-Flowers, but you have to hurry.
I'm telling you guys, all guys do this.
They blow it.
They wait until the last second every year.
Get on this stuff now if you haven't used it.
I use 1-800-Flowers every year.
They bail me out all the time with my old lady.
You should do the same thing.
It's simple.
It's great.
The old ladies love it.
Okay, roses from 1-800-Flowers are picked at their peak and shipped overnight to ensure
freshness and her amazement.
Gorgeous Valentine's bouquets and arrangements starting at 29.99 is an amazing deal,
but it won't last long because the prices are going to go up soon, so take advantage today.
Pick your delivery date and let 1-800-Flowers handle the rest.
When it comes to Valentine's, I don't settle for anything less for my old lady,
and you shouldn't either.
1-800-Flowers.com.
To order Valentine's bouquets, arrangements, and more starting at 29.99,
go to 1-800-Flowers.com, click the radio icon, and enter the code CHICKLETS.
Order today and save at 1-800-Flowers.com, code CHICKLETS.
Screw this.
We're not even going to do an intro.
We're just going to just roll right into the interview.
Obviously, this is Dustin Penner, famous for scoring a very controversial goal
in the conference finals against the Arizona Coyotes
that sent them on to the Stanley Cup final
after Dustin Brown had need Michael Roosevelt.
And there should be an asterisk next to that banner.
And Tenor should have one less cup ring,
and I should have one more on my finger.
So, Dustin Penner, welcome to the Spit and Check.
It's great to have you on the podcast.
Thank you for having me. Have you been down to Boston University? I hear they're doing some great work on my finger. So Dustin Penner, welcome to the Spit and Chickens podcast. Thank you for having me.
Have you been down to Boston University? I hear they're doing
some great work on concussions.
Hey,
don't say that. Carstel is going to come
after you. No, speaking of that,
speaking of that, I haven't recovered
from the one Penner gave me when we fought in
college and he ripped my helmet off and slammed
my head against the boards.
Thanks, Penns.
College?
Penns went to college?
Penns went to Maine, dude.
He couldn't even spell it.
He got in there.
That was another national championship game.
How'd you do it?
Hey, Penns.
Penns.
How the hell?
Tell people, how did you even get, like, found for Maine?
Like, what were you even doing?
You weren't even on a radar.
There was no radar to find you.
What was that reality hockey show, Making the Team or something in Canada?
No, I thought it was like a figure skating one.
No, Making the Cut, I think.
You guys don't remember that?
You guys don't watch enough reality TV?
No, not Canadian reality TV. Well, well this should have watched it but he was probably
i've been getting in trouble for interrupting our guests so i i was just trying to wait till
you guys finish talking and and then and then i like to chime in so people i don't know if you've
been on social media anytime lately but people like to shit on people for everything.
I get tortured online.
You still do?
What?
I said, you still do?
Oh, yeah.
My ugly nose,
my fucking ugly dick,
my awful haircut, apparently,
according to Ryan Reeves.
I just get torched. What have you been up to lately, Benz?
What are you doing now?
Just waiting for the
world to end.
Yeah, Benz,
I figured you were...
What are the conspiracy
theories you got for us right now? You've got to be
just ripping through a couple on Reddit and stuff.
These last
four years, I don't wish that upon anyone.
I pretty much went
through the whole YouTube
catalog.
It looks like
I take some beautiful minds in this house.
Oh, are you doing drawings
and stuff?
Trying to figure shit out. But I'll answer your
first question. Where I came from,
just a small town in Winkler, Manitoba.
And I didn't make any
of a... You probably don't know WIC, but I guess
it'd be like the USHL.
And I got cut three years in a row
from my hometown junior hockey team.
A team that Brett Caron played for
and he bailed for.
Eric Fair. But I wasn't good enough to make
those teams. So they walked onto
a junior college team in
Botany, North Dakota, which had a mall
called Pomida, which is like
a rundown Walmart.
So it was a very small town.
I played there for two years
and broke my femur the first year
on the back check. So I was already
a really good defensive player
in college.
And there's only two years school. I played the next year a really good defensive player in college. And
it was only a two-year school.
I played the next year, and we didn't
have a league. I think we actually played against Shattuck
St. Mary's Prep. I played against Parisi and Stafford
and whoever else was on that team.
They just fucking lit us up.
And then I had nowhere else
to play, so I went to a last-chance camp
in Saskatoon in the summer.
I was either getting picked up there or going to play for the Flint Lawn Bombers.
And I got picked up by Maine, redshirted my first year, played one year,
took a voice for the national championship, and then signed for Ducks.
Easy game up in Orono.
What the hell?
What taught you through the year you redshirted when you couldn't do anything?
Like, what the fuck did hell did you do the year you redshirted when you couldn't do anything? What the fuck
did Dustin Penner do that year?
I learned how to play cribbage,
Mario Golf, and drink a
case of Natty Light every night.
That's like
a corset, man.
You get a credit for that?
Mario Kart and booze?
Two credits?
Sad and plagiarizing.
Oh, fuck.
All right, so then you go.
Right?
What did you play?
One year in the minors?
I played that Waco year.
Oh, yeah, fuck.
That league was good then.
You guys had a fun team, man.
You were in Cincinnati, and there was some fucking
Joffrey Lupo was there, P.A. Parenteau.
Shane O'Brien.
I've heard of him.
Obi.
Yeah.
Mark Popovic, Tim Brent, Michael Holmquist.
Hey, was Brookbank  was Brookie there then?
Sheldon Brookbank.
Wow.
So what was that you were like, that must have been a good time?
Water Captain was Casey Ankinson.
I don't know if you know that name.
Minnesota kid, I think, right?
Yeah, right.
Looked like Tom Brady.
Really?
Yeah.
And it was an unbelievable year, especially playing Cincinnati.
It was either I had a choice when I left college.
I had a few teams knocking down my door,
and that door wasn't a government housing.
I think it was either Profitude or Hookerland, you said.
We lived off campus in just this shithole.
And I remember getting phone calls on the landline.
I kept up saying Newport Sports Management.
I thought a cigarette company was soliciting me,
so I never picked up.
I guess it was Don Meehan.
And I go to Bagley.
And went to Cincinnati instead of Albany.
And I think we lost to Chicago in the conference finals.
And the next year, it was up and down a bit
between Portland and Anaheim. And then I guess the guys went to conference finals. And the next year, it was up and down a bit between Portland and Anaheim.
And then I guess the guys went to conference
finals, so they kept me up
the whole time the next year so we could win
the Cup.
I was playing with Oaksburg at the time where we played
you guys in the conference finals
when you were in Portland.
And I believe
was that the year that they sent
Arnold?
The big boys actually went up top, like Corey Perry and Ryan Getzloff had already made the NHL.
But they went back for game seven or something, I think, didn't they?
I got called up for the playoffs, and then we lost to Edmonton
when Pronger was a god amongst men.
Yeah.
And then we got called down
or sent back down for, I think,
game seven against Wilkes-Barre.
Yeah, we ended up beating you guys.
We went to the finals that year against Chicago.
But you were obviously a dominant player.
And after that, I think everyone knew
it's like this guy's now an NHLer.
Yeah, I think the law was a big year for me.
I guess I finally learned how to skate Because that was the knock against me
Like, where'd this guy come from?
I remember my first rookie camp
And Kip Brennan, George Perales in top of the door
Kept on eyeing me up like there was something on my face
You're like, no, that's not me
Yeah, ask Ryan Whitney, I'm not a fighter
Unless it's Whitney coming. I'm not a fighter.
Unless it's Whitney coming knocking.
I'm not answering.
My first fight, actually, was against George Peros.
What?
How'd that go?
I just ragdolled him.
Yeah, Penns, you're fucking, what're fucking... When we were in Edmonton,
or actually, what were you?
You were playing at 250.
Yeah, I think so.
It depends on if I had
the extra sauce and pasta
for pregame or not.
But I didn't really rag.
Peros' center of gravity was a little higher
at the beginning of his career than towards the end.
I don't know if you could probably attest to his when Peros switched that into it.
He was a little light on his feet just because he was so tall.
Yeah, I mean, he was  I mean, by the time I got in the league,
he was  he'd figured out the balance situation.
I'll say this.
Oh, yeah.
He wasn't like a guy I feared fighting.
He was just a smart fighter, knew he had to do it.
He was big, strong.
Like, I would fight Peros every game as opposed to fighting like a Colt Knorr
20 times a year.
Yeah, that's right.
I remember that.
You used to pick your spots.
Fuck you.
He set himself up for that one.
No, anyone listening? No, because
if you say something on this podcast,
the fans run with it.
I've been labeled as a cheap guy
where, like, ask
Ray.
Fizz, I'll just spell that right now. I remember
after summer, we hung out
for a night or two in Vegas,
and I didn't really know you but you'd hung out at my
table and then we played you at the beginning
of the season and I was skating close to the red
line and so were you and you kind of looked at me and was like
oh fuck and you went
hey who would appreciate
this summer hanging out
and I was like wow what a classy guy hopefully you still
don't want to fight me
but yeah I was really
impressed not too many people say thanks. I don't think
Whit has yet.
What should I say?
Turn it around.
The only thing that I owe you for is when we were walking out
to the Edmonton Arena the first
time I was playing at home game and you go,
get ready to be verbally assaulted
like you could never imagine before.
No one knows I was fucking.
Actually, I'm in a couple of lawsuits right now.
I have to go do a deposition tomorrow.
It's like me and my lawyer versus 10 other lawyers.
And my lawyer is like prepping me.
They're going to rip you apart.
I'm like, hey, I played for three and a half years in Edmonton.
This will be a cakewalk.
You think I can't get chirped by a couple people in court?
I have to walk to and from every period through a cauldron of 500 Oilers fans
who are drunk and hated my guts.
To this day, I believe Max T would start me so that he could hear the fans go
when the announcer would give my name.
Starting at left wing, number 27, Dustin Booth.
Center.
It was unbelievable.
Yeah, but like,
dude, you were good in Edmonton.
For one year, you had 30.
Every year, just a really good player.
Was it because of the offer sheet?
Like, what doomed you from the start,
basically, there?
Yeah, it was the offer sheet, I think.
They put me behind the eight ball dead, I'd say.
Yes.
And they had just coming off that, I think, that loss.
No, it wasn't that loss.
They had two years removed from that Stanley Cup run
where they lost to Carolina.
And they kind of fell apart after that.
And then I think RuPaul left Pronger,
went the other way to Anaheim.
Or Henry had come for us to win the cup there.
So the team was falling apart.
And then I went up there in the offer sheet.
And I think RuPaul was just leaving from there.
And, yeah, it was, you know how it is in Edmonton.
Like, they can't wait to get their hands on you.
Like, they start taking a full-page ad with everybody's face.
Like, trade them.
Take them out into the woods.
Send them to the minors.
You know, those are the articles in the paper, everything.
Hey, Pence, what was the funniest thing you heard as far as a chirp
from one of the fans while you were walking from the dressing room to the ice
in that, like, that little entranceway they had
where the fans could basically have their hands at the players?
There was quite a few of them.
I heard, I think Marty Reesner got it pretty good.
He was wearing the A1 game, and they go,
Hey, Reesner, what's that A stand for?
AHL?
You're the assistant captain of an NHL team walking out.
You just put your head down and just everybody just penguin walking past as they could.
Well, guys would be sprinting by, like, by one another.
There was cement.
You basically run on cement just to get in the locker room faster.
It was like Game of Thrones. Everybody was yelling
shame.
As the period ended, no, as the games
ended, the fans used to be like, let's go, go,
go, and they'd be sprinting just to beat us.
Were you
there when, well,
we were dead last pretty much every year I was there,
but one of the years we were
losing at home, 9-2 to
Chicago, and our own fans started
going we want 10
we want 10
that was another moment
that I'll never forget
and probably the best trip biz that I had was
after one of the games
I drove the 35 minutes
to Willow Girl where I lived across the street
from Matt Green
got home, took off my suit, got back in the truck,
and went to the grocery store to get some comfort food.
And as I was standing there by the cashier, the girl was probably, I don't know,
14, 15, 16, some of it.
She looked young or maybe was just premature at birth.
But she was scanning my grocery store and looking up intermittently.
She kind of looked like,
you're that
Dustin Penner, aren't you?
She goes, I might be the
only person in my family that likes you.
Jesus Christ.
You can't go anywhere in Edmonton without getting
you up here. They're even chirping
Connor McDavid.
No.
I'm not sure those guys at the movie theater
when he was in his prime.
Those guys were goons, though.
Still, I mean, Christ, they should be kissing his feet.
He's the savior.
Pens, so overall experience in Edmonton, awesome.
Good to hear.
I'll say this.
People who listen to this podcast,
I think we rag on Edmonton all the time.
I've been seeing some tweets about it recently,
and people are like, yo, you guys need to stop ripping on Edmonton.
We're not really ripping.
We're just calling it how we see it.
Right.
It's a tough place to play, and even like you said now,
I didn't know that, but David is getting ripped on.
What maybe some other people don't know is there's no shame in some of the people up there.
I remember when Matt Green broke his ankle and me and him went down one night to white out.
And he was in trouble.
He had crutches.
So we went in, had a couple of pints.
And then when we were sober enough to drive, he crutches way back up to the truck and I walk beside him.
And we were just getting peppered by a group of guys that wanted to fight us.
Just chirping us all the way, just trying to goad us into a fight.
And I just couldn't believe it.
And there's no limit to what they'll do there.
But it made you a tougher player, I'd say that's for sure.
So when  I remember the year I got hurt, I missed the rest of the year.
That was when you got traded.
What was that deal for for L.A.?
What are your initial reactions right then?
Like, holy fuck, I won a cup with Anaheim.
L.A.'s good.
Like, give me what went through your head when you got that news.
Who called you?
Tim Tambalini?
I think he called me.
Was he not there anymore?
He might not have been there.
No, he was.
He was.
Yeah.
But I remember getting a call from Dean Lombardi.
But it was nice to get out early on good behavior from up there and head down to L.A.
Oh, man.
You haven't lost your edge, buddy.
You still got that sense of humor in you.
You're fucking crazy.
Were you living in a cave now?
What's your day-to-day?
What's your day-to-day?
You know how many people are probably wondering what you're doing day-to-day? You know how many people are probably wondering
what you're doing day-to-day?
Well, not much.
I bought a new house,
and the house that I bought,
the person that bought it from lied
when it came to checking it out.
Did it have a previous black mold?
He said no.
And as I was renovating it, checking off, did it have a previous black mold? He said no. And
as I was renovating it,
the guys were like, a lot of black mold in here.
Pardon me? And so
I remediated about a hundred grand of it.
And eventually I stopped
because I had to
stop, you know, following money to see
if I could get any back. So it's been two years
and I'm having to sue about eight different entities.
And then I just got an email the other day from,
I think it was a PA that I'm in a workers' comp lawsuit as well because I
broke my neck in Washington. So I got to get that taken care of.
So it's this black mold. I guess, uh, pretty serious.
The results from the lab, the doctors looked up to me and said,
how are you still walking?
Oh, geez.
Yeah, so it's been pretty low-key.
How did that happen?
Well, I guess condensation in the wall, it's not properly built.
But it happens a lot down here
where they just
fuck over.
I met your neck, not the black mold in your house.
Fucking idiots.
Yeah, I don't know. Some ants got in
there and left a little present
for us. That's what started it.
It
happened probably
eight weeks or six weeks left in the season
it was the day after we played the Kings in Washington
and
went to the rink and
you know you get in the gym
and I didn't push anything
with my left arm it felt like
you know if I was doing a push up it felt like
being on the
weight bench with
135 on one side and nothing on
the other side and then uh i went to the trainer and they said i'd probably just a brachial plexus
nerve say all right you must think i'm yoni picketing sorry yoni and uh so uh i went on the
ice and i couldn't shoot i couldn't handle the pocket there's just
no feeling in my left arm and right leg so you know i've been playing my whole career like that
i felt like i was back in winkler yeah for some reason i started reshaping my nose
that's a joke it's a joke of you, bitch.
Yeah, I know.
I've been getting it a lot lately.
Yeah, anyway, so I played for a couple more weeks,
and Adam Oates was our coach at the time, and he's a great guy,
but he's just like, fuck, Penn, what's going on?
I'm like, I told you, I can't feel my left arm and my right leg.
So they kept putting me down the lineup until they finally let me get a second opinion because,
you know, well, you guys know they're kind of, they're kind of dragging their feet on
getting second opinions because they don't think as bad as you want them to be.
And I didn't want it to be that bad, but I went and got a second opinion.
And the doctor came back and said, oh, your neck's cracked in two spots, in T6 and T7 vertebrae.
I'm like, oh.
What?
I get this.
Yeah.
Hey, whoops.
Hey, yeah, we actually didn't take an X-ray.
We just kind of thought we'd rub some deep cold on it.
You'd be all right to go.
We sprayed it with some of that stuff.
That stuff should help it, though.
Don't worry.
Get back out there.
Well, yeah, they made me play some more.
Seriously.
So how the hell is that still going on?
Wasn't that in, like, 2015?
Yeah, that's the legal system at work.
Holy shit, Penn.
Oh, Penn, so let's get to the brighter times.
Let's talk about your time in L.A.
when you ended up winning your second cup, you fucking Debbie Downer.
What'd you guys ask?
Hey, who
disliked you more, Randy or Daryl
Sutter? Oh, Daryl
loved me. Oh, really?
Yeah.
Rob Scuderi said you guys had a
love-hate.
Well, yeah. Is that how
it's supposed to go, or is it just me?
Yeah, that's very valid. That's a valid point.
That is a valid point right there.
I think love-hate's perfect if you're going to describe
a coach and a player's relationship.
Yeah, I fucking, I love Sutter.
He just, you saw his interviews.
Or did you not?
No, like, is it always that dry, though?
Like, his sense of humor is just, like, it's all about the presentation, too.
Biz has said that before.
Yeah, he, I really enjoyed him.
I mean, obviously, there's no perfect coach, but I didn't have a problem with him.
Like, would you guys, like, leave the rink and, like, talk about some of his epic ones
when you would come in and, like, spit on the spit on the floor and just rip wires out of the wall?
What was his most iconic?
We asked Skidaria this question.
What was his most iconic one?
I really enjoyed it.
I think it was in the playoffs,
I think for second or third round.
And he came in after the first or second admission
just like a horse just breathing
through his nose trying to find the words and he couldn't really so he kind of tripped on one of
the camera cords because they were in there filming us and he turned around and got so mad
he tried ripping the cords of the pole but couldn't.
It was like a scene from a sitcom
and with every pole
the guy started snickering.
That was probably one of my favorite
moments. Jesus, dude.
How do you not laugh
out loud at shit? You could
never hold in a laughter.
Do you actually remember?
Go ahead.
Edmonton, I remember when Mack T were you there when he ripped me in front of the boys Never hold in a laughter. Do you actually remember? Go ahead. No. Well, yeah.
Edmonton, I remember when Max E.
Were you there when he ripped me in front of the boys?
Yep.
During the...
Yeah.
He's like 250 pounds of chicken shit.
You probably don't have a mean bone in your body.
And I said, well, I got one.
What does he even say back to that? He got outwitted. He got outwitted. Yeah. And I said, well, I got one.
What does he even say back to that?
He got outwitted.
Yeah, he couldn't keep a straight face.
It's like kind of like what I used to get spanked by my dad,
and I put a pill in there and tricked him.
And then he laughed.
He realized you got him, and then he realized he still has a belt yeah i'm still yeah were you there it was worth it were you there the time
that kevin lowe was trying to give the speech about like jfk describing it's not what one man
can it's not what you can do for you or what do you know that quote well he couldn't get it right
remember ralph kruger had to finish it for him?
I don't remember
that. I was probably zoned out.
Oh, yeah. I'm sure
you were zoned out.
I remember when Kevin Moe took me
for dinner or lunch, I think, at
that fancy Richmond hotel.
Anyway,
it was my second year, and they were trying
to give me a pep talk early on this season
and i just regularly remember him saying you don't you remind me of like a young bobby pobert
you know and then i that was the second year i knew that i was fine bob probert pardon
yeah i couldn't believe it i guess it was a a friend who knew he had a bunch of points there.
But I'm like,
do you guys know who you gave an offer shoot to?
Well, probably not
because that boys club ain't fucking doing any scouting.
They're just going out and having a good time.
I loved my time there,
but I remember one year,
I think there was 11
first round draft picks on the team,
and we didn't even snip the front door of the playoffs.
Yeah, they're overrated.
I was a fourth-rounder.
I had my guy.
You were hobbling around on one wheel, if I remember correctly.
Oh, yeah, one and a half wheels the whole time.
Just getting tortured.
There was a big social media thing going around when you were with the Kings
about the pancake stuff.
I don't even know the full story.
For those who might have heard of it, can you just start it from scratch to finish?
Yeah, I can.
Get terminology, scratch, making pancakes.
Oh, yeah, no pun intended either.
Yeah, he doesn't even know what a pun is.
So we were playing a game at 1 o'clock on a Sunday against Columbus,
and I was married at the time.
And so I got up early and
she actually made breakfast and she made pancakes and I sat down to eat them and as I hit the chair
my fucking lungs cinched up and it's the only time it's ever happened but I couldn't breathe
but I was by hell and high water, I was going to finish those pancakes.
And went back upstairs, like the hunchback of Notre Dame,
put on my suit and drove to the rink and walked in, you know,
dragging my back right leg.
And King or the trainer just goes, what the hell is wrong with you?
I said, I don't know.
That's why I'm talking to you.
And so he checked it out and he's like, just go home.
You can't have play.
I'm like, well, just give me one of those needles you got back there.
And I'm kidding.
Hey, what's the coach from Varsity Blues?
Shoot him up.
Yeah.
He's like, mind your own business.
Billy Bob's going back in, bitch.
Just get the fuck down and back up quarterback.
That's all I got.
Yeah, that was good.
And so the next day we had to scram with the media after practice,
and one of the guys asked me what happened.
And it was actually most of the guys had disappeared, just a couple of them.
And I just told them I had sat down
to eat a pregame meal,
which was some pancakes
my wife had made.
My back went out.
So the article
that he put out
said,
Penner hurts his back
eating pancakes.
Talk about a shrivel job
by that guy.
Yeah.
He apologized
months later
for just staring
at his shoelaces.
And you know, I'm like, yeah, whatever, bud.
Staring at his shoelaces, Kevin.
Whatever, bud.
He got the clicks.
He's like, I don't give a shit about you and your fucking face.
He's like, I'm already on the way to getting waved.
Fuck off.
I don't need your help.
Yeah, IHOP dropped me.
So, yeah, the only thing I could think of doing when that first came, I was like, well,
fuck it.
You know, I hopped and served some pancakes and get a free meal out of this.
You know, you can appreciate that.
You like a free meal.
Oh, you know, free 99.
I'll take anything.
You've seen my suits.
We couldn't we couldn't get you to stay after practice.
And then you're driving down every dealership and yeah fuck dude you're talking to two guys on a podcast but i'm getting chirped
for like trying to get free stuff i'll get you a couple promo codes with for herbal active so
you can rub on that neck of yours uh hey i I want to ask a question. You got involved a little bit in the cannabis industry, did you not?
Yeah.
Yeah, I did.
It's not as open, I guess, or pre-regulated like Canada,
from what I understand.
But it's more of the wild, wild west here.
I don't know if you guys want to get into the legal aspects of it,
but it's never going to probably be
legalized federally, but only
statewide. That way the feds can come in
there and still bust you guys, or bust
us up when they want. But there
you can find, I guess,
loopholes from what I understand. I'm
more of an angel investor than
the guy in the back making the donuts.
Just
the angel investor pens.
Oh, God.
Are you still doing the DJing?
Are you still doing all the techno shit?
No, I reached the top of the summit in that profession,
so I'll hang out up there, too.
Yeah, you were always hanging out.
Is it above and beyond you?
I always saw, what is that above and beyond?
Is that a band, or is that just like a...
Well, yeah, there are
Three guys, two from the UK
And one from Finland
Two of the guys are on my age
And the other guy's 50
And this is like his third
Third job I guess you'd say
That he's entered into
And the last one he was the head of Warner Brothers Music
In the UK
So they're pretty refined guys
And The DJ around the world when he was the head of Warner Brothers Music in the UK. So they're pretty refined guys.
And the DJ around the world had been nominated for Grammys,
and I was able to become friends with them.
And still, I mean, I got to be able to open up for them on New Year's Day down here in Orange County.
So after that night, I kind of lost interest.
Oh, you just shut her down.
But for those of you who aren't
into the electronic music,
I'm not like a hardcore.
I love Above and Beyond. They take
you on a ride. I mean, a little
Dolly Parton doesn't hurt, but
it's a fucking time, man.
And then you get up nice and snuggle
with hopefully a random, a nice one
you scooped up. And
she likes you for you, not the fucking 10,000 bottle service
you just purchased.
But that's besides the point.
But back to Above and Beyond,
great, great electronic.
What would you consider them?
They'd be more like house?
Progressive traps.
Probably progressive house.
The reason is like the difference
between progressive and
houses and there's so many sub genres when it comes to dance music but progressive is essentially
it has a has a long build and a drop and then you know melody is a long build and a drop whereas
you know it goes into bpms where house never gets up around or never gets past 124,
and then trance can get up to 136, and then there's...
Beats per minute.
I don't know if you already said that.
BPM for each...
No, I didn't.
Thanks for the pickup.
He's always looking out.
I'm a disher.
Yeah, but yeah, it was fun to do.
I mean, I grew up singing in the choir and playing trombone,
so it wasn't that hard to pick it up.
You sang in the choir?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Imagine how big and awkward you looked.
You were probably bigger than a teenager.
No, no.
Until my last year of high school, I was 5'6", 120 pounds.
Really?
Yep. I grew a foot last year of high school, I was 5'6", 120 pounds. Really? Yep.
I grew a foot the summer after high school.
You grew a foot when you were 18 years old?
Well, on my late birthday, so I was 17.
Hey, with all these, with the neck injury and stuff, are you not golfing anymore?
You know, for people who don't know, men's is a stick.
Yeah, not as good as you, though.
You're still swinging it.
Oh, I swing it.
That's all I want to do.
That's all I want to do.
No, I haven't been able to.
Oh, fuck, man.
It's the same injury as Peyton Manning.
They're the same doctor, except mine was a bit worse from what the doctor told me.
Wow.
So there would have been 18 months recovery and then I'd have to come
sing for my supper.
So I called my accountant and said,
Hey,
do I ever have to work again?
And like,
no,
I'm like,
thank you.
Keep an eye on the council.
Let me know if it gets this number.
Thank you very much.
Keep sending the checks.
So, so you're, are you passionate about anything right now?
Are you getting any different?
I know you're pretty political.
You go on some rants sometimes on Instagram.
I know you're a big Jordan Peterson guy.
I'm a huge Jordan Peterson guy as well.
I might get scalded for that comment by the left-wing nutjobs that listen to this podcast, all three of them.
I think we're okay.
Yeah, I'd stand your ground on that.
What I've found just by having so much free time.
Sorry, that's a dog.
Shut the fuck up, Jerry.
Oh, Jerry's still around, dude?
Yeah, I got three dogs, one for each failed relationship.
Just parting gifts
on the way out.
Yeah.
Just stubbornness, too, and it's fine.
I was like, no, you're going to keep the dog,
and then all of a sudden, wait a minute.
Yeah, you're like, fuck,
I didn't even know if I wanted this
to keep this dog.
I didn't want you to're like Fuck I didn't even I didn't know if I wanted this To keep this dog I just knew I didn't want you to have it
At the moment
Yeah it's like
I don't want
I just didn't want you to have
I didn't want you to be happy
Yeah
Yeah
And I want those
Victoria's Secret gift cards back
Yeah return those
You never even wore
What I wanted you to wear
At the beginning
Yeah Hey how much you lose in the divorce
Oh
That's a hell of a racket
Let me tell you
Oh what a racket huh
It came down to
My lawyer going
And saying to her lawyer
How much is it going to cost me for you to go away
Yeah And what was the number to her lawyer, how much is it going to cost me for you to go away?
Yeah.
And what was the number?
A million clams for
a year.
And then about
half a mil
for lawyer fees.
And then the whole year
we were spending 40,000 a month.
For how long for that?
A million bucks for a year.
She only got 15,384 a day.
It's not that bad.
That's quite the bargain.
Hey, did she give you air miles for that?
I got the Williams and Sonoma gift card.
At least you get those stickless pans.
Yeah, but the thing I remember the most is during the mediation,
the mediator came in.
They would go from my room to her room
and try and soften what each side was saying and the second or third time
she came back to me this was an older lady probably in her 60s had served she said she goes i've been
doing this for 30 years and i'm in the lawyer lawyer's office that i'm in the same order that
howie berry had i'm on rodeo drive paying one guy 1,000 an hour and the other guy
700. And in front of
those two people I meet, this arbitrator,
this old lady, you know, clasped
both my hands in her hands
and said, I've been doing this for about 30 years and I've
never seen a gold digger like this in my life.
Yeah.
Well, thank you. Thank you.
That makes me feel better at least.
Okay, so Penn, I'll tell you a story. So I'd never met her and I'd heard she was known as the Black Widow. Thank you. That makes me feel better at least.
I'll tell you a story.
I'd never met her and I'd heard she was known as the Black Widow before
I even met her.
When I meet anyone,
I'm open-minded.
I hear people's opinions.
You never know how you're going to vibe.
It depends what the sign is.
I'm into astrology.
We go to
Ryan Getzlob's right you know it depends what right i'm into astrology so we go to uh i go to ryan getzlov's
golf tournament and we go to that uh is it sutra yeah that's correct i got a 10-year bottle for uh
valued customer when you're yeah oh yeah you you don't have a place in business, man. I think you gave your wife and them the exact same amount before your club days were over.
And I meet her, and just as described, she is stunning.
Like, one of the most attractive women I've ever seen in the flesh.
And by the end of the night, I'm like,
with that personality and that high maintenance,
I was like, yeah, this might last a year.
Sold.
And I couldn't believe it. It was worse than described. And I'm like, man, like Penns is such a fucking good guy. I'm pretty sure you got the heads up from a few of the boys. But hey, you live and you spend. And you spend. At least it only costs you a million and a half.
Quick, what do you say, that quick test drive?
And, yeah, not the one.
But he crashed it.
Yeah, well, I got off easy.
Like, my mother and her mother are quite conservative ladies.
My grandmother, when she was alive, she read the Bible five times.
And I say that because one of my friends had overheard those two talking
at one of my Stanley Cup parties.
Well, I guess the second one.
And they had said to each other, it's a miracle he hasn't killed himself yet.
What?
Oh, oh, oh're you say your mom
yeah i'll say that about like because because you were married to her well just because
what they what they witnessed yours observed yeah yeah i mean i mean i remember like yeah let's were you were you just just like that
blinded by love or were you just like so attracted to her physically like how does that how does it
get to a point where you like feel that comfortable and then all of a sudden it's done in a year
right that's a lot i mean it just people are saying you didn't see any of the signs like
the red flag like oh yeah i ignored them and kept driving down the highway.
It was flashing yellow, and I kept... I mean, I did, but she could suck a golf ball
through a garden hose.
How much further do I got to drive to lose a million?
Okay, I'll keep going.
You want to pull over and ask for directions?
No, I'm good.
I want to wait to hop off till it really hurts
exactly we're doing it speed style we got to keep this thing above 55 miles an hour we're
gonna all blow up but yeah it's just one of those things where you when you're in it
it's an old thing you can't see the forest from the trees you don't really understand how bad it is and the reason why I think I you know I tried to make it work for so long is
as a competitive competitive guy and you know
and being able to make it to the NHL that was was one thing I loved. It was one of the first things I loved and succeeded.
And then I realized years after the divorce,
the reason why I couldn't get past it until I realized this,
which was, it was the first thing I loved that I failed at.
Yeah. Yeah. So you don't, it's like,
it's not even that you can't admit it.
It's just like, Oh, I'm not done yet because it's not working yet.
Right, because you've always been able to problem solve.
Otherwise, you wouldn't make it to the NHL.
Fuck.
I mean, whatever, though.
Penn's like, now are you good?
Are you in a good place?
Is your time occupied enough?
Because my biggest concern in retirement was being busy enough to stimulate my mind,
not necessarily even the money aspect, but that's fun too.
Right.
It's like having a purpose.
Yeah, having a purpose.
Yeah.
And that's, yeah, that's definitely the struggle because it's like, yeah,
people I think don't understand that everybody has a dream of what they want
to do when they grow up, you know, when they're three, four,
or five years old.
For a lot of Canadian hockey players,
you find that passion for hockey as soon as you step on the ice,
and that's usually around three, four, five years old.
And you don't think about anything other than hockey.
You either play hockey on the ice, on video games, you know,
on grass, on streets, on the ice, on video games, you know, on grass, on streets,
on the driveway, or watching hockey or watching Don Cherry Rock of soccer videos.
And then you end up reaching the summit.
And then all of a sudden the game ends at 34, 30, whatever it is for each individual.
And, you know, I liken it to the feeling of the first time for me I played
Ninja Gaiden for Nintendo and you beat the game
and you're like, fuck, now what?
Yeah.
I mean...
Sorry, go ahead.
No, no. I lost my train of thought.
No, I was...
I completely agreed in the fact that
it's kind of like extended
adolescence when you're playing
professional sports because everything
is taken care of
for you. You don't need to do anything. All you got to do
is work out or do whatever
to make you able to play. You got to keep producing.
But then when it ends, it's like,
what am I doing now?
I got to figure out something to be
passionate about because I never even thought of
anything at any point in my life.
Right, and it's tough to find something that you can quantify
and equate in a passionate sense when you compare it to hockey.
Well, you had the DJing thing, and you got better at that,
and then you got to the pinnacle,
and so now you're looking for that next thing.
Right.
That's essentially what it's like but you know it could be worse could be married oh fuck you
pence listen here's the thing would you ever give a shake at media or do you not care enough
because you already have enough money and you don't want no i no i would but i think uh that
wouldn't last very long oh because yeah you're strongly opinionated and obviously yeah yeah uh
i mean you'd be surprised and and now here like as long as you don't cross that line i mean you'd
be a great fit for a company like Barstool.
They let you do your thing and, you know, they let people say what they want.
Sometimes if you do cross the line and you feel maybe you were wrong or you don't care, you know, you can apologize.
But it's a good company.
I love it.
I'm a little bit more liberal than maybe you are.
Or, sorry, I'm more liberal than what you are for sure.
But, yeah, I mean, fuck. I mean, maybe we should talk about doing a fucking podcast yeah i mean i bought all the equipment
to do one here it's just uh it's tough to find the right people to do it with you know the
funniest people i know i played with yeah that's that's true. Like me. Right.
That was a tip of the cap to you, Whit. Alright, Pence. Dude,
stay well, buddy. We'll talk to you soon.
That interview was also brought to you by Burrow.
Have you begun your preparation for the
big game? Even if you subscribe to the
one-week-at-a-time philosophy, you know
you're going to need a proper watch station, a new
Burrow sofa. Super comfortable,
stain-resistant, and featuring a built-in Jar Jar, it's the place to watch all the action this February. It's a stress-free
shopping experience. They have the high quality materials and construction all handmade in America,
which is great because football is American too. The frame is strong and sturdy like an MVP line
backer, and the fabric is naturally queso and beer resistant. It's designed for comfort. It's got the
USB charger right there, so you never have to get up. Homer Simpson style. It's got queso and beer resistant. It's designed for comfort. It's got the USB charger right there, so you never have to get up.
Homer Simpson style.
It's got the pillows and throws line.
Awesome.
Can't beat it, okay?
Make sure you're all set for the festivities and order a Burrow sofa today.
With free one-week shipping, your new furniture will be ready to go.
And you can take 75 off by visiting burrow.com slash chicklets.
That's B-U-R-R-O-W dot com slash chicklets for 75 off your order.
Thanks again to Burrow for supporting the show.
Thank you very much to Dustin Penner, Big Pens.
Had a lot of laughs playing with that guy and forever a Stanley Cup champion.
So we appreciate you coming on and hopefully
we hear from you again soon
I mentioned about the Phoenix Open
earlier in the episode
it kind of sparked a couple stories
that you told me while we were on
vacay there out in LA
you need to tell the fans
the first one being the hot
pepper story
oh my god this should come up when we finally the first one being the Hot Pepper story. Oh, my God.
This should come up when we finally get Cleary and Hork off
on this goddamn podcast.
So I played in  they belong to Oakland Hills in Michigan, sick track,
and they have a member guest.
I always played with Hork.
Actually, I played with Bear one year too, so I'd go out.
I don't remember what year it was, but they started talking at dinner
about how they're going to get on Augusta someday.
They know a member.
He's going to get them on.
I'm like, guys, who's the fourth?
They're like, we don't know.
I'm like, guys, come on, boys.
Come on.
We're always together.
We always golf together.
They're like, I don't know, Whit.
I don't know.
They're busting my balls so hard.
But they really would probably not take me.
Who knows?
So we were at a sushi or Chinese food restaurant, whatever it was.
And they had their, like, the waiter was talking up this pepper.
Apparently, it's like the hottest pepper on the planet.
I don't know what it was called.
And I'll never forget Bear, or it might have been Hork.
He's like, hey, Whit, why don't you try to up your odds
to get into Augusta and you eat that pepper?
I was like, ah, guys, listen.
And if I have like even a mild, if I get the regular salsa at Chipotle,
I'm dripping.
My forehead starts sweating.
I am not good with hot food.
I have no palate for hot food. So I'm like, guys, the night's just beginning. I don't know. I'm not good with hot food. I have no palate for hot food.
So I'm like, guys, the night's just beginning.
I don't know.
I don't know.
They're like, well, I mean, if you eat it, you're probably getting the invite.
I'm like, you promised me if you go to Augusta and I eat this pepper, I'm coming.
They're like, we promise.
So the promise is in.
This dude brought over this pepper.
I took a bite of it.
Never in my life have I been in more of a panic
dude i was yelling i think there's video there might be video of this i was squirting sauces
i had i had him bring me over milk pouring milk in my face it was like um i felt like uh dumb and
dumber when they're when they're spraying the the ketchup the mustard, like trying  I think that's that movie.
And I was losing my
This is funny.
This is funny.
They are crying laughing.
I'm fucking furious at them.
I remember in the middle of the panting, I was like, I better be going to fucking Amen Corner.
So needless to say, my whole night was night was ruined my whole night was ruined it was like
death was at the doorstep in my mouth and so um they haven't been to augusta and if they have
they i mean god knows if they've been and haven't told me or they go and don't bring me i'll burn
their houses down well and then that sparked another story which was the larry david story
of the time larry went to Augusta.
Now, for those who are listening and you don't know what Augusta is,
I don't know what rock you're living under,
but you may not be a golf person.
Yeah, stop listening.
Augusta National is the hardest course probably in the world to get on.
No, that's the thing.
I don't really think it is.
Okay.
My dad played on it.
It's not  I mean, it's
Your dad played Augusta?
Yeah, if you know someone you can get on.
Oh, you think?
Okay, well, it's very difficult to get on because what we got
Ed Jovanovsky for his 1,000th game was a foursome there
because somebody knew a guy.
And he's a golfer and he wanted to play that track.
That was his award for  so that didn't cost you anything, Biz.
You must have loved that.
No, no.
I think we paid for the PJ or whatever it was that he was going to go there on.
We bought him a special putter and shit.
Don't trust me.
They took fucking 1,000 out of my paycheck because I looked.
So Witt's got this email from his buddy.
No, it's a text.
It's a text.
Sorry.
You know what?
I'm not even going to bring up how I have this text because somebody
I have it from somebody who probably shouldn't have it,
but this is a text from Larry David,
and it is sent to a very famous sports reporter in New York City.
And they were talking about, you know, Larry just played Augusta,
and the question had been asked right before this.
All I have is a picture message of this, what I'm going to read.
But you can tell the question was, wow, how was it?
Or how'd you play?
Because this is Larry David's text.
And if you watch Curb Your Enthusiasm, if you watch Seinfeld,
if you know Larry David, try to imagine him saying it.
It'll be way funnier than me reading it.
But this is his text.
96, which is obviously what he shot.
Have you played it?
Wasn't really that hard.
I only lost one ball.
Fairways are wide, but I hated the waspy privilege exclusivity of it all.
The members in their green jackets.
The talking hardly gets above a whisper in the dining room.
I didn't hear one laugh.
It's like a little fascist country, and the dictator is Billy Payne,
who's actually referred to as Mr. Chairman. That he's called like he's fucking mao that is like fuck is that unbelievable
i'm you should print that out and frame it but just how that's like how funny larry david is
and i mean 96 and he's telling he's telling the guy it wasn't that hard.
The fairways were wide.
Fairways were wide.
Only lost one ball.
So those were a few stories I thought of after I said that.
And you told me a fucking hilarious.
Another thing too, Whit, people ripping your Louis Vuitton duffel bag
in your funny video that you posted after the awesome weekend
thanking New Amsterdam and everyone
at the All-Star game.
Can you only travel with a backpack
or an actual
suitcase?
Do these people not know what a duffel bag is?
Just because they can't afford it. By the way, it's not a purse.
It's like a big bag.
It's a duffel bag.
Fuck off, everyone.
You and your L.L ll bean backpacks with your
initials on them uh and i i was i was getting ripped while we're at the all-star game for how
many track suits i wear well i actually think it's great i think it's your look on the road
you wear and they're nice track suits and you look good this well to pull them off and i'm working
why do i want to be in like in like a sewer or even tight jeans?
I mean, people are going to rip me for the tight jeans thing.
I wear fitted, like fairly fitted jeans.
I don't wear boot cut like some of you peasants.
Well, see, I just dress what we're going to be going out to dinner in that night.
I just don't really want to go back and shower.
You like going back and doing the long shower, get ready.
Yeah, and fuck, I want to be in a comfortable
working uh situation so i can bank interviews so you people can get and entertain and now i'm
getting chirped online like jesus christ man we can't win kenley sorry sorry we didn't get dolled
up for a fucking 15 hour bus ride up the california coast for all y'all well all right speaking of our
bus ride how about our bus driver that we didn't talk about yet? This guy, I think this guy led the whole thing and kills absolute beauty.
I hung out with him one day. I grabbed lunch with him, hung out, hung out, had a little chat with him.
He was a fucking fantastic guy. I don't even know his first name. He said, call me D.
Dennis. He was telling me about how his wife and his girlfriend are best friends.
The guy's like, he's a legend. He's like, oh, yeah, my wife, she's been up my ass,
but she can't change me.
I mean, her and my girlfriend are best friends.
Dude, he also, the funniest part about the whole thing
was that he was a diehard hockey fan.
We had no idea, and he was actually a Tampa Bay Lightning season ticket holder,
and Bugsy and Teddy Purcell are on the bus,
and finally he's like, can I get a picture of my, my daughter actually has a Purcell Jersey.
Dude, what are the fucking odds of that? And then when I told him, whenever I told him Stammer was
coming, cause that came together last second, I'm like, I goes, buddy, Stamco's coming. He's like,
is he? He's like, Oh, can I get a, you think I get a picture with him? I says, absolutely,
pal. We'll make sure you can get one with him. He was fucking like, like a little kid. I'll
fight it up. But yeah, he was a beauty, man. I enjoyed his company.
He was a hell of a bus driver, so kudos to whoever hired him.
Yeah, I mean, he was tied for lead in kills over the trip, so holy shit.
He also crashed the bus, didn't he?
Yeah, he nicked it up a little bit, making it look mean.
Dude, he  nice.
Hey, I'm just thankful he got us there in one piece,
considering he had to drive the last leg of the PCH in the fucking blind and dark
with like six inches on either side of him in the RV.
So he gets props in my book.
I went a few minutes ago.
You mentioned Wayne Simmons, manager Chuck, general manager of Philly, Chuck Fletcher.
I almost called him Cliff Fletcher.
He basically come out and said the next few weeks we have to resolve it.
I mean, Wayne Simmons, one way or the other.
He's a pending UFA. He makes just under four million this year you got to think he's
gone philly's probably not going to get to the playoffs they can definitely get something for
him to help build for the future uh i think i would think any team would want to add wayne
simmons at this point to the season i know he's not having the best year but he's the type of guy
similar to when we talked to ray bork last week he he wasn't sure what he had left until he went to Colorado.
And he's like, holy shit, I got a ton left once he got traded.
So I think we could see a situation like that with Simmons.
What do you think, Whit?
Yeah, I think if anything, I think it'll be kind of right at the deadline.
And you know what's crazy is like Wayne Simmons has had some monster years
where he was just a beast.
You know, 30 goals, fight, hit, physical, net front presence,
just everything you could want in a power forward.
And he never really, like, you know, he signed a six-year deal.
I think the cap hit was just under 4 million.
So he made, you know, on the contract he's on right now,
he made about 24 million.
But the way he's played, it's almost like he deserves more.
He should have made more in his career.
And now he's a free agent this summer.
I hope his body isn't breaking down, but it could be just because of how hard he's played
and what you've seen him go through.
So I hope he gets a payday this summer.
But he may not get what I think people thought he would a few years ago
just because he struggled a little bit this year. He's also had some really good games and played well at times
but then last year too was a little bit of an off year so you play that style you play that hard for
so long and it's hard to continue to do that but hopefully still he gets paid this summer and it'd
be nice it'd be a lot easier to get paid if he does go to a contender which when he gets traded
it will be a to a contender and goes on a big run then all of a sudden you know people see you playing late
to the spring and you get another big deal out of it hopefully it may not be in the plans but
it might be smart uh like i would say one thing the leafs lack is that maybe that grid up front
you saw him get bullied around by b last year in the playoffs obviously Boston plays
a fairly physical game uh I mean I wouldn't count that out is there any other teams that need a good
net front presence like that a guy who can get who's strong on the walls and and I know Toronto
likes to push the pace and they and they and they move up ice quick like Simmons is still pretty
fast I know he had some knee issues at the end
of last year i believe it was his knee right uh i think so he played through it like all last season
but uh but he's not slow by any means so who knows man maybe toronto makes a stab at him and
the reason i say that is like you don't know what's going to happen with this leafs roster
man like they got a lot of guys to pay and like you don't know who's going to offer sheet Matthews
or even Marner.
I mean, fuck me.
Matthews, if this summer Matthews doesn't get an offer sheet,
I will be severely disappointed in the NHL.
I know it's not likely, but if there's one guy,
chuck one to him.
So, also, as I watch this game, this is totally random.
Pittsburgh's up 4-0, and they're trouncing Tampa,
even though Tampa's out shooting them.
But Malkin, everyone's dogging Malkin.
Like, I hear so much Malkin off this year.
Malkin this, Malkin that.
He has 53 points in 49 games going into tonight.
And I just saw him make an incredible play.
I was just like, is that really where you're at, where you're dogging Malkin?
He's over a point per game.
Is that the issue in Pittsburgh? So that was just a quick wit thought. is that really where you're at where your dog and Malkin he's over a point per game is that
the issue in Pittsburgh so that was just a quick wit thought yeah people gonna always complain uh
and as far as Simmons you know I similar to Muzzin biz you know anybody could find a spot for a guy
like that if your team's looking at him and you just find a spot for him and he did have a little
bit of unfortunate time he did sign that six-year 24 million dollar, which probably wishes he maybe signed a three- or four-year deal
because he would have really cashed in the last couple of years.
One of the minor deal  well, I'll call the guy a minor player.
Forward Jordan Martinuk for Carolina signed a two-year,
4 million extension with the Hurricanes.
He would have been an RFA this summer.
He's a 26-year-old, has 10 goals, three assists, 13 points in 50 games this year.
So just a little housekeeping deal for the Hurricanes.
Also, speaking of the Bruins, Trent Frederick had his first NHL game
Tuesday night.
Chris Tanev of the Winnipeg Jets probably thought he was going to push
the little rookie around a little bit.
Nuh-uh.
Didn't happen that way.
Trent Frederick absolutely fed him his lunch.
You know, and a couple people said, oh, dude, he's bigger than
he should have. It's like, dude, Tanev started
with him. You see it a lot of times.
A rookie in his first game or first couple games,
a guy thinks he's going to mush him around a little.
Frederick pushed back. Tanev wanted
the fight. He got it, and he got the shit
punched out of him. I'm sure you caught that, Biz,
right?
It wasn't Chris Tanev, though.
It was his brother.
I'm sorry
That's alright, we're not naming guys
It was Brandon Tanev
Providence College Friar
Another father who should be
selling his sperm, two kids in the show
not a big deal
The main story
in that fight
was the the high five mishap by Frederick's parents.
Oh, my God.
By the way, his parents, the dad had a Sox hat on.
I think the mom might have had a Bruins hat on.
They looked like they were straight out of Boston,
just cheering on their son as he was dummying Tanev.
So that was a pretty funny moment to see his parents go that crazy. Not for a goal.
It looked like they were
jumping around for the game winner in the playoffs.
But it was his first tilt in his first
game, which he won. And then
just the high five. I mean,
they weren't even close. It was like
Tiger and his caddy. It was like just
not even close to
executing that high five in the stands.
Yeah, a little overexcited there, but you can't blame him, man.
Your first kid's first game, he's throwing hands like that.
And, man, dude, I mean, he threw, dude.
He caught Tanova with about six or seven fucking bombs right away.
Another quick note on the Bruins while we're here.
Rask was placed on the IR retroactive to January 19th for his concussion.
But good news, he did skate on Wednesday.
And if Thursday's practice goes fine, he will be back in the lineup Thursday night.
If not, he'll be back in the lineup over the weekend.
Obviously, it sucks to have your goalie concussed,
but the timing really couldn't have been any better.
The Bruins had the bye.
It went right into the all-star break.
So he might not even miss a game after having suffered a concussion.
So as a Bees fan, we like to hear that.
Big game this weekend, boys.
A little football game called the Super Bowl.
Yeah, R.A., and Barstool Sports just dominating Super Bowl week again.
It started with Portnoy and BFT getting kicked out of the media night.
I don't understand.
The NFL, if they just allow Barstool to come to all these things, it's over.
But it's like the worst PR in the world is the NFL.
They can't figure out how to get out of their own way.
Just allow Barstool everywhere, and it's a non-story.
Now instead, it's a story everywhere that you're trying to silence this now major media company,
major sports media company, and it's on like ESPN,, what's going on with Barstool and the NFL.
And shout
out to, what's the guy's name
in New Orleans, the coach? Sean Payton?
Sean Payton. Sean Payton
wearing a Goodell clown shirt
under his college shirt today doing
interviews. So, I mean, is there a more
hated commissioner in the history of sports?
No. He makes 44 million
a year. Does he care? Probably not.
Still, this guy is
such an idiot, such a
loser. All the Patriots fans
hate him. Now the rest of the league's starting
to hate him, and it's just barstools
coming up roses because they're
the bad boys every week now at Super Bowl
parties. Or Super Bowl week,
excuse me. Yeah, I mean, some people
don't understand the sense of humor that Dave has.
Obviously, he just stirs the pot.
He's like probably the biggest troll on the internet.
Yeah, he might be.
Really?
I find it comical.
Some people don't, but great job by him and the rest of Barstool.
Thank you to Barstool for lending us Dana, who was our camera guy.
Cinematographer is the proper word.
A hockey guy now.
And editor. Now a hockey guy.
We transformed him after all our lingo and obviously our antics
and fun interviews.
So Barstool, man, I am very thankful that I joined them.
They do not censor me.
They allow us to do our thing.
They don't say a word, and it's been an awesome,
would you call it a marriage?
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Awesome marriage. awesome marriage yeah a great bond with them uh boys what are your guys predictions you guys
are the gambling guys what's the line right now on this game uh oh go ahead all right sorry i
checked today a lot the line did go up to three patriots minus three with a 56 and a half total
um well i don't know if i'm, I like the Pats.
I mean, obviously I'm a Pats fan, but I, you know,
I'm going to buy the half a point, get it down to two and a half.
You never want to lay three, always buy a two and a half.
I'm going to take Edelman on the MVP for 35 to one.
I know Brady minus 120, his odds are he's a favorite to win the MVP,
but you know, if a quarterback doesn't win the MVP,
a lot of times it's a wide receiver.
Like we saw Dion branch a few years ago.
I mean, if Edelman goes off and, you know, has half of a lot of times it's a wide receiver, like we saw Deion Branch a few years ago.
I mean, if Edelman goes off and has half of the odds that Brady throws for,
he's got a shot at it.
Also going to throw on Hogan for first TV at 19-1,
and Dorsett at first TV at 20-1.
A couple shits and giggles props.
What do you got lined up with?
Patriots 31-29.
Oh, okay. Count it.
You don't think they're going to cover? Nope. 31- 29. Oh, okay. Count it. Count it.
You don't think they're going to cover?
Nope.
31-29.
I think they're going to cover.
So they're going to be 1-1 with a minute and a half left.
They're going to go down and kick the game-winning field goal.
That's what you got?
I mean, people forget that I called to a tee the Super Bowl,
the Patriots Super Bowl against the Seahawks. I called it the whole week before I went on a radio show
and called the entire scenario, how it would play out.
What? Can we get this audio?
This has been deleted, I'm sure.
No, it's on my Instagram. It's on my Instagram. You can find it.
The final play, I said, I said the Patriots are going to win.
I gave the exact score.
I said Russell Wilson's going to have a chance to march down the field
with two minutes left.
It's going to come down to the final play,
and the Patriots D is going to stuff them.
You said that. Well, I mean, they going to stuff them. Called it to a three.
You said that.
Well, I mean, they didn't stuff them.
They intercepted it.
But nonetheless, fair enough.
Wait, play the audio right now.
We've got 28-24 Patriots.
I think Russell Wilson is going to have the opportunity
to make a final drive in the last two minutes of the game.
I think he's going to get stomped by that Patriots D.
Wow.
Grinnelli. I mean, here's the game. I think he's going to get stomped by that Patriots D. Wow. Grinelli. I mean,
here's the thing.
That's dead on. You must have won a good amount
of money. Back then, you must have been betting
five bucks a game. Yeah, it was like a
40 bet. It was pretty weak.
You're pathetic.
How about when this line came out, the Patriots were
plus one? Why I didn't just
hammer it then, I don't know.
I think the Patriots are going to win.
The only thing that scares me is the recipe to beat the Patriots in the past
has been just unreal defensive line play by the other team
and then good play by the corners.
And I can't remember a defensive line ever like this L.A. team.
I mean, you've seen that Aaron Donald won R.A. about 12 grand.
He's a complete street beast.
And then Ndamukong Suh has been, I feel like, actually trying now.
I feel like that guy got paid this year and maybe shut it down.
Now the playoffs are going and he's into it.
So I think it's going to be a great game.
I don't think it's a blowout either way.
The Patriots never really only play in great, great games in the Super Bowl.
But I like them to get it done and I would love it.
I know this sounds crazy.
I know, I know he said 0 chance he retires,
but if Tom Brady wins this year and gets his sixth and retires,
it's like, that's perfect to me.
That's perfection.
You think it was perfect when Ray Bork retired?
That was after one, this would be his sixth.
And you know, fourth Superbowl in five years is just not,
there's nothing else
to say if you hate Tom Brady you're a loser you're an idiot um and and I love the guy so I hope that
he goes out on top but having said that if you love a sport and you're still at at the top of
your game why would he quit so we'll see what happens I think Gronk's definitely done after
today last game I agree after Sunday I think Gronk's definitely done. And now there's McCourty could be done too.
So I think it's a big game for the Patriots.
I'm not going to make any predictions
other than the fact that I really like
R.A.'s pick on Edelman for MVP.
And that's because after the game,
he made the comments after they won the,
what is it, the NFC or the AFC?
AFC, JFC.
JFC, I know.
I'm going to get torched for that.
But he's like, I'm going to get you six.
Like, you're Jordan, and this is more about getting Tom his sixth
than it is about Edelman getting his, what, third or fourth
or how many he's got.
So, Edelman will be going hard,
and he was fucking big down the stretch of that last game
where they beat KC. And Edelman will make a catch and get knocked out big down the stretch of that last game where they beat KC.
And Edelman will make a catch and get knocked out cold on the field.
You're like, he's out cold, and then he's lined up for this next snap.
You're like, what is this guy doing?
He's nuts.
Let's talk about Ovi's all-star break slash bye week.
Did they win the cup again or what?
Did I miss something?
He's still cup champ. He's still cup champ. Was he riding a dolphin? Did they win the cup again or what? Did I miss something?
He's still cup champ.
He's still cup champ.
Was he riding a dolphin?
Yep.
Oh, that guy.
He's just living his best life, man.
Life by the balls.
He was salsa dancing with, I don't know if it was his daughter or his niece or something like that.
His wife was having a great time laughing at him.
He was being silly.
So Ovi's just having a blast.
Just sell him a game.
Just sell him a game.
I can't wait for playoffs.
I can't wait.
I know we're only two-thirds the way through the season,
but I don't know.
This Pittsburgh-Tampa game, even though Pittsburgh's beating them,
I just think of the second round in the Atlantic Division.
Tampa will be involved, maybe Boston or Toronto, then Pittsburgh,
Washington possibly again.
I'm just fired up for playoffs.
This is the time of the year.
I know trade deadline's coming up.
We'll have some coverage of that, and we'll be excited going into the trades
and who's going to get into the playoffs.
But get me to first round, boys.
Grinnell, you had some current events you wanted to talk about?
Yes, boys.
So it's not necessarily a current event, but I found out the other day,
Ryan, 7-year-old Ryan from Ryan's Toys Review is the highest paid YouTuber.
He's 7 years old.
How much would you guess that Ryan, the 7-year-old toy reviewer, makes?
I guarantee 35 million.
What?
Buddy, Logan Paul and those guys
are pulling in 26-27
million a year. I bet you
Ninja's up there.
Okay, well, Grinnell's going to give us
the answer. I know numbers.
What do you think, Ari? How much do you think he's pulling in?
I said 2 million, just because he's seven.
2 million?
He fucking front-lights for 2 million. million just because he's seven. 2 million? Dude, he fucking frontlights with 2 million.
He's getting that a month.
10 million?
22 million.
All right, I was off.
I thought Logan Paul.
Maybe Logan Paul was at 17 million.
I was off by 10 million.
But 22 million for reviewing toys on the internet.
At seven years old.
What's funny about that is a friend of mine
billy ryan florida panthers scout he has a daughter um and he told me this might have been a
year ago like hey my you know my we're talking about kids and like watching tv or whatever at
what age will they start watching tv blah blah i don't even know how the discussion started really
then he mentioned oh yeah my daughter will sit and watch this kid on youtube
he opens presents like she she sits there it's like she's in a trance almost she just loves it
and all these kids love watching this kid open presents i didn't even understand it i kept asking
what do you mean like he's like they he just opens gifts and plays with them and kids watch it and
it makes no sense at all i guess they're imagining if they got to
open the gifts but i know myself if eight-year-old little wits watching that i'm so pissed off i
don't have the present i don't even want to watch so i guess these kids don't care now but 22 million
his parents aren't even like really like doing that much harm to him sometimes you see parents
being complete scumbags i mean all they're doing is giving the kids presents. It's not like they're sending their kid to get a gift.
Well, they're not buying them anymore.
They get them sent to them and wrapped like that.
They're doing no work other than hitting record on the Zoom, dude.
22 sheets.
What's the back story?
How did it even begin?
But it's YouTube.
It's YouTube.
You never know, man.
R.A. could start a YouTube channel of him saying,
wick a lot of fatten.
And you never know.
He's making 20 million selling merchandise.
Let's monetize it.
With a lot of fatten on the front and the bottom of the back of the shirt.
If R.A. made 22 sheets next year, what would be his biggest purchase?
I'd say a cigarette boat.
I'd say a cigarette machine. And you know where he's going to drive it to? Florida. Tennessee, a cigarette machine.
And you know where he's going to drive it to?
Florida.
The panhandle.
Yeah, 100.
He's listening to Limp Bizkit the whole way.
Fuck that.
I'm going to see us the key guy.
Boys, that's a good transition, though, too,
that we're going to be starting our own YouTube page too soon,
so keep an eye out for all the video content we put out
that we recorded at
in LA, in Santa Monica,
in Venice Beach, with Sean Avery.
So there's a ton of video content coming
soon, and everyone should keep an eye out for that. The page
hasn't been started yet. I know there's some
spit and chiclets fake YouTube pages
out there. Don't look at those. We're going to
start it. We'll tweet out the link, and it's coming soon.
One
other thing I can ask you fans if you're
even still listening at this point you might have lost you after the guy shitting off the dock
um is don't say when's this interview coming out we bank seven all-stars at the all-star game so
we're gonna roll the all the art all-stars out in the month of February. We have eight episodes. Obviously, we do two a week, four weeks.
Quick math guy, what are we at now?
Eight?
That's eight, boom.
Just like I said, not a big deal.
We're going to release all the video content as well.
The plan is, as we've said before,
we can't just throw the whole interview on YouTube for you guys to watch.
We have paying sponsors that buy ad reads on the actual podcast.
We will probably be rolling them out two,
three weeks later after the fact,
after everyone's already listened,
then you can watch us because some people like watching the guys and their
reactions.
Like I know I was getting ripped by wit about being the fake punt guy.
I watched that a couple of times.
You fuck,
you are one funny motherfucker.
So we're excited for that to roll it on this content.
We're going to keep creating more.
And as Grinnell said,
look up for our YouTube page coming soon.
We won't be unwrapping presence.
All right.
Well,
I think that about wraps it up.
Wednesday evening.
We're recording right now.
I'll be at NHL network next week, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
They're double shifting me Tuesday, 4 to 6, 6 to 8.
How are you?
So, also, before I sign off, Biz, you're insane if you don't throw a prop bet
in that there's going to be a fake punt at the Super Bowl.
I'll consider it.
Biz looks like the guy in the Guinness Book of
World Records who smokes the most cigarettes at once
right now. He's got like seven Eagle Energies
in his mouth. Funny you mentioned that.
I don't know if we have an Eagle Energy ad
read. We don't, but it doesn't
matter, Grinnell, because they are one of our main
sponsors. I'm going to say this.
If you want to distribute
these or want them in your stores,
I said it last ad read, make sure you contact them
because they're looking for American distributors.
And last thing about the All-Star game,
Biz All-Star promo code gets you 20 off the Eagle Energies,
and it also enters you in order to win some prizes,
All-Star prizes, and some product,
and of course the Kachina jersey for the Coyotes with the Biz 20 on the back.
So that's not an ad read.
That's just letting you guys know that you can win some free shit.
All right, everyone.
Patch 34, Ram 17.
Oh.
So many things that I want to say.
You know I like my girls a little bit older.
I just want to use your love tonight
I don't want to lose your love tonight
I ain't got many friends left to talk to
No answer, I'm in trouble.
