Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 147 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Starting a little late this week because of the Super Bowl we decided to record a day after.
The New England boys got a little pep in our step. Let's go to Ryan Whitney first.
How you feeling buddy? I feel your waltz a little heavier today I hear after the Super Bowl victory by the Pats.
Yeah, you know I'm sore. People have been saying congratulations, and I deserve the congratulations.
Because, listen, you know, we've been through a lot as fans this year.
We weren't sure for a minute, you know, but then, of course, they ended up getting it done.
And, yeah, I had a party at my house.
I was wrecked by the end of it.
But Rich, Ur, and the game was terrible.
I mean, just a very poorly played, executed game.
I was never bored for one second, though.
It was still a competitive game, but I'm just so happy.
And then, you know, I drive to Jersey this morning
because I'm a professional, just worked, come home,
now we get the podcast, but it's just nice to see you guys
because I know you're richer, not busy, you didn't gamble,
you didn't listen to RA, but it's just nice to see you guys because I know you're richer, not busy. You didn't gamble. You didn't listen to R.A., but it's a pleasure to now be here and discuss this.
The wonderful Super Bowl.
It's the sixth championship for the New England Patriots.
I believe, what is it, the 12th for the city of Boston since 2001.
Is that right, R.A.?
Yes, it is.
Yeah.
How am I doing?
I'm doing great.
Not too shabby.
Another guy who's carrying a little extra dough today, too.
Mikey Grinelli, our producer.
What's up, buddy?
Yeah, boys.
Big day for me.
Not only in my wallet, obviously, with the Pats winning,
but I was also accepted to Raya.
So, shout out to Biz.
Oh, yeah.
I gave him the buddy pass.
I used Biz as my referral for Raya.
So, got a lot of money in my pocket, and I got a Raya membership.
So, I'm pretty excited.
You're going to fucking need it, buddy.
Those girls are high maintenance.
I can't wait to see a 30 for 30 on how this all ends.
That last voice, buddy out in the desert, Paul Bisnasty.
What's up, brother?
How'd you enjoy the football game yesterday?
You know what?
A lot of criticism on how boring it was.
I don't mind a good defensive matchup.
At least it stayed close to the end.
I'm more interested about your gambling bets.
And, R.A., let's start out with the ones that you talked about on the last podcast.
But then there's one extra treat on the end that you actually didn't tell anyone.
You might not even put that bet in yet when we recorded.
And then you sent a screenshot to the boys of your account.
And we'll get into that after you tell the first part of the story.
Okay.
Well, yeah, I gave away Julian Edelman as my MVP pick on the last episode.
I got him at 35 to 1.
It looks like a lot of people listened to a lot of screenshots we get sent back.
And I had more than 100 on him, so I got a nice little five-figure return off the MVP pick.
I mean, basically, there was really no one else that they could give it to.
I mean, I kind of called it how I saw it play out.
Brady's going to have a so-so game, and Edelman will get most of the odds,
and nobody else really dominated.
So I basically was  I had to sweat it out because there was no indication
that he was going to get it.
So I picked up a few bucks there.
And then the other bet you just alluded to, Biz, I put it in at 601 yesterday.
I was looking through all the props, and I wasn't even looking for a specific thing.
I was looking for high odds.
I was looking for like 40 to 1, 50 to 1, and I see 60 to 1.
And it says Patriots quarterback first pass will be intercepted.
Unbelievable.
And I was like, eh.
I goes, I know it's unlikely.
I'm like, but 60 to 1?
I'm like, it could happen.
So I threw 100 bucks on it, and then I'm watching the game,
and I think I was rolling a joint the first place,
so I wasn't paying attention.
Shocker.
So I kind of had one eye on the TV.
I saw them marching downfield, and then I saw the interception.
I paused, and I heard Nance say, oh, and Brady's first pass is picked off.
I was like, holy shit, because I take my eye off.
I ran down the stairs.
I'm screaming at my wife. I'm like, I just won
six grand. She's like, how the fuck you won six
grand already? I said, because Brady's
first pass got picked off.
So I had 100 on it at 60 to 1.
So five minutes in the game, I was already up six
grand. So he put his joint down. He called his
Coke dealer.
I didn't need
it at that point.
The question I had was, how many of those 100 prop bets did you have in there, though?
You know what?
I had probably five or six of them, maybe, but I didn't get too much.
But I also had, what I do, that last field goal bailed me out because I had 1,000 on the Pats minus 7.50 at a plus 2.30.
Oh, yeah, the alternate line.
The alternate line, right.
I picked up 2,300 there.
Plus, I put like 500 on it, 5 to 1 back in like maybe November or something.
So, I picked up another 2,500 there.
So, yeah, I had a pretty nice day.
It was definitely the most money I've ever made on a single individual.
I'm getting  my dick's getting hard just listening to you talk about all these bets that you won yesterday.
Congratulations on an awesome day.
We might as well make that R.A.'s gambling corner.
I'm more interested to see how you thought  what you thought of the game went.
Well, okay, so a lot of people tell me today, you know,
I hear on NHL Network, the nice people, none of them,
they're not New England fans, so, I mean, whatever.
I understand they're saying congratulations.
I like that.
But they're all saying, what fans so i mean whatever i understand they're saying congratulations i like that but they're all saying what a brutal game awful game like i give a fuck how the game
is if my team wins the title i don't give a shit they just gotta win if you're a fan of your team
you don't you don't care i didn't care one bit like i was saying well they got a cover what
you're like no you know what you know what last night night, last night, I had a lot of money on the Patriots,
but if they won, I'm happy.
I know that sounds crazy.
Like, I would not be pumped to lose the money,
but I'm still so fired up if last night they win by one point.
I don't cover, right?
So I'm telling you, that's the God's honest truth.
But I'm saying that I don't  for every Patriots fan, yeah,
they were saying it was a sloppy game.
But, dude, it's tied in the fourth quarter.
I mean, it was an exciting game as a Patriots fan.
I don't give a shit how we get it done.
We just get it done.
All they do is win.
My gambling, the funny win I had was from a group text that I'm on with a bunch of guys.
I got to read.
It's too long to read.
But I got this message out of nowhere,
out of the clouds this kid sends this message,
and it's about taking the prop bet that Stephen Gostkowski's first kick
will not be a touchback.
So, Biz, you obviously know what that all means, correct?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
It means they're going to go to the 25-yard line to start the Rams.
No, they're saying that won't happen, that he'll make sure he lands it before
so that they could possibly tackle them before.
Right, but I was saying I knew what a touchback was.
Okay, all right, money.
Either way, it was like a paragraph and a half about why this bet's a lock.
So I'm like, I would have put my life savings on it.
Before the game, they capped it at 1,000, but still, of course, he kicked it right to the
one-yard line. It was the best bet
of all time. It was exactly what this
write-up text I got happened.
Exactly what he said would happen. So that was a nice
win. Then the Patriots covered. I had
him first half, too.
Then I had another bet, too. I can't remember, but it was
just incredible that your
team's winning, and you're winning all this
money, and you're celebrating.
I was popping open bottles of Caymus.
It was one in the morning.
I had to drive to Jersey like five hours later.
I was like, I got to go to bed.
I just can't go to bed.
It's a natural high.
I'm watching Gronk's interviews over and over.
I'm seeing Tom Brady's picture with his daughter with her face in the reflection of the Lombardi trophy.
Are you shitting me?
Are you shitting me that that actually ended up happening?
I mean, how many times can things go perfect for one team? Nine Super Bowls, six and three. And let me tell
you something, five and four is way different. That was huge. I know some people say it doesn't
matter five times Super Bowl champion. Six and three versus five and four, for me, is a monstrous
difference. I'll also say this. People say, oh, yeah, he loses Super Bowls.
I've heard that argument before.
If he was 5-4 or now 6-3, well, what did you want him to lose?
The AFC title game?
It's more impressive that he got to the Super Bowl and lost.
So either way, I'm on cloud nine.
It's the Red Sox and about 99 days later, the Patriots and the Bruins.
I mean, dark horse, dark horse, but you never know.
Maybe they got a winger.
I know we got to get to hockey. People are sick of this, but we all dark horse, but you never know. Maybe they got a winger.
I know we got to get to hockey.
People are sick of this, but we all became rich, and then our team won.
So thank you.
Grinnell was partying in a basement.
Grinnell, we don't really need to talk about the game.
Did you have a good time, and maybe did you get your pee-pee wet?
Did not get my  well, I got dumped with beer.
I dumped beer over my head, so I guess you could say my pee-pee was technically wet.
Okay, so congratulations.
Yeah, it wasn't in a sexual manner.
I won a shit ton of money.
Got to stand on the bar at Professor Tom's and go absolutely apeshit bananas.
I had a great time. Why'd they let you stand on the bar?
They knew who you were?
No. I just started
climbing on chairs and I just ran over the bar.
You know what Cornelli's in? He's in the bar star
phase of his life right now. He doesn't act like this
around us, though. I think he knows we just
slap him. Absolutely not. I'm
two different people. When I'm out with you guys,
I'm one person. Then when I'm out with my guys,
I'm a whole different person.
Coyote ugly
when he's out with his boys. Might have to
go to Florida with R.A.
on his next trip.
I have a few comments. I thought
that people were very hard on the halftime show.
Yeah, am I a Maroon 5 fan?
No.
He's the worst.
A lot of people saying you look like him.
That's a big time.
Okay, so everybody was like, oh, yeah, you kind of look like him
with a potato on your face.
And I was like, okay, I'll take it.
He's married to a big guy.
Even a couple pictures side by side, I was like, dude,
I kind of got to give Biz some love right now.
My ex texted me like, this guy's handsome.
And I said, yeah, a lot of people are telling me I look like him.
And she's like, ha, ha, ha.
I screenshotted my Twitter mentions and like 20 people in a row just wrote me
that I look like him.
I'm like, suck it.
If Adam Levine looked like me, they'd be a karaoke band somewhere.
Okay.
So I'm going to sound like a a hockey
bias right now does that make sense is that is that the proper term yeah yeah hockey bias here
but uh that trophy presentation slash walk up when everybody was like touching it and kissing it and
then they kept handing it off to someone else to hand it off to somebody else and and and then tom
brady getting bombarded for the interview situation.
That whole post game was an absolute fucking disaster.
The NFL should be embarrassed.
Regarding the halftime show, whatever.
I obviously wasn't crazy about it.
I'm not going to go online and bitch about it.
But apparently they do not pay for that act.
That is whoever wants to do it.
Obviously Maroon 5 probably wants some more album sales to kick in.
Maybe a couple more indoor or royalty checks.
But how much money does the NFL make?
Start fucking paying some legitimate bands to show up.
Like, I don't know, like maybe Eddie Vedder.
Maybe get him, give him a couple hundred grand.
What's a couple hundred grand of the NFL?
They probably wasted it all on security, which is moving on to our next point,
our boss getting carried out of there.
I'll let,
who wants to take this over?
I'm going to take this over.
I'm going to take this over because this whole thing,
people say that like everything comes up,
Dave Portnoy.
I mean,
no one in the world has ever had,
I feel like luck and perfect timing that goes along with being a funny bastard like Dave Portnoy.
The fact that last night in the middle of maybe one of the biggest global sporting events of the year, there's multiple security guards chasing down Dave Portnoy and dragging him up the stairs, dragging his limp body up the stairs,
and kicking him out of the Super Bowl is so ridiculous.
And the fact that the NFL is just playing perfectly into his hands.
Nothing even happens to him either.
He spent the one night in jail back in New York,
whenever that was, when they raided the headquarters.
But last night they have all this stuff go down,
and nothing even happened to him.
He was in jail for like 25 minutes, he said,
and they're putting on this entire dog and pony show trying to catch him.
It makes no  what is the NFL doing?
How dumb are they?
They should have been worrying about that trophy presentation.
You talked about the timing, and obviously people have mixed feelings
about Portnoy.
I think he's hilarious.
He's the world's biggest troll.
Of course, regarding the timing situation,
in the most boring half of an NFL Super Bowl game,
probably of all time,
then the half happens, then that happens to him.
Not a game where it's like 27-24.
I know, he didn't even miss anything.
In a game where really nothing was going on and
i said i respect the defense and blah blah blah but of course the game that's not that interesting
in the first half half time ends with portnoy getting carried out of there obviously the
internet uh you know barstool internet's exploding go ahead with well no i i'm just i'm just thinking
that like this kid this little you know this funnyized, unathletic kid from Swampscott, Massachusetts, has the NFL hunting him down at this point at events.
It's like, I cannot get over the fact that he's this in their head, and they don't even know what to do.
They don't even know what to do with him at this point.
What do you do now?
You got to either arrest him and try to put him in prison or let it just go by the wayside and let Barstool in everywhere because they're giving them the most amazing free exposure and advertising.
I think Dave retweeted something that there was more views of Barstool than like the NFL the entire Super Bowl week.
It's incredible.
He's got Bill Bratton quoting about him.
Bill Bratton used to be the police commissioner in Boston, New York, L.A.
He's like one of the biggest cops, you know, desk duty cops, whatever, commissioners types.
He's been in every major city.
He's well known around the world as like a police expert.
And he's like, the celebrities don't like him.
They don't want him around.
Jay's like, what the fuck are you talking about?
He's like, they come to hang out with me.
He's like, so the fact that Bill Bratton's talking about Dave Portnoy is just like other level stuff right everything's coming up page views i mean
we've we've covered a lot of football and then for those of you who haven't fast forward we
appreciate you guys sticking around for those of you who didn't uh you know hey this is this
originated in boston barstool that is and uh they're gonna the boys want to talk about boston
sports so congratulations on another fucking championship, boys.
Thanks, buddy.
Yeah, Biz, that trophy presentation is definitely begging for a Z-pack.
Everybody parring it and kissing it and all that shit.
Like a nasty.
Yeah, Biz, thanks for that.
Congratulations.
Always nice to get another feather in the cap.
But there were some goings-on in the NHL while we were watching football.
Another trade.
Trade deadline is coming, and the trades keep coming in.
Pittsburgh and Florida made a trade. The Penguins sent forward Derek Brassad, forward Riley Sheehan. another trade trade deadline is coming and the trades keep coming in pittsburgh and florida
made a trade the penguins sent forward derrick prasad forward riley sheehan a 2019 second rounder
a 2019 fourth rounder another 2019 fourth rounder that was originally minnesota's they sent out to
the florida panthers for forward nick bugstad and forward jared mccann it seems to be sort of a
mutually beneficial deal pittsburgh turned a pair of expiring deals into some younger guys
that are signed beyond this year.
Florida picked up a couple of expiring contracts.
Word around the campfire is they want to try to sign Panarin and Bobrovsky,
so they picked up a couple guys whose deals are going to burn off
about 5.35 million.
So, you know, Florida gets a couple guys they need.
I'm sorry, Pittsburgh gets a couple of guys they need.
Florida gets some expiring deals to make some money available.
Seems like a deal that both teams are going to be happy with,
which I take with.
Yeah, I mean, I was kind of, I wouldn't say surprised, but, you know,
I perked up when I saw Nick Bugistad was included in the deal.
And I was, he was on Florida like the final year when I told everyone
I was minus 35 in the seven games I got before I got shipped down
to the minors in San Antonio.
He was coming back from injury, so I was skating with him like, you know,
he'd be skating with like the scratches.
And I was like, this kid is sick.
Like the skill he has, the way he skates, he's a monster.
He can shoot the puck.
I thought he was going to be a beast.
You know, he had the 124 goal year.
But after that, he kind of, you know, hasn't really, I want to say lived up to his expectations,
but I just thought he was going to kind of come on the scene and be like a 30 goal guy. That's
how he looked in practice. So I think there's, there's still that skill level there. And there's
that ability to do that. And maybe he gets to Pittsburgh and you've seen plenty of guys just
catch fire playing with Crosby or Malkin, one of the others,
and they're going to get you going.
So we'll see what happens there.
And like you said, it's interesting to hear about the Panarin
and the Bobrovsky, Florida wanting to sign them.
That's just what a couple people are saying,
but it certainly looks like they're going to have to make room to do that.
And I don't know how they would sign Bobrovsky
because Luongo's got two more years after this year,
I think at like 5.3, right around there.
So maybe that's an option, but it would be interesting to see Bugestad
in Pittsburgh, see if he can get going and kind of become a dominant player.
Yeah, Nick Bugestad, kind of one of those guys where it's
and don't take this as a shot, Nick.
All the tools, not a huge toolbox.
Like a physical specimen.
Oh, why would he take that as a shot?
No, I mean, i i said i didn't
say no toolbox i said not a huge one where he hasn't been able to put the full thing together
not no i'm not saying that's not going to happen obviously you shake things up you put them with
with a couple true number one centermen uh not saying that barkov isn't neither uh huberto down
there but uh maybe you know a little shake up
and the most interesting thing was as they said that they were doing it to free up cap space to
bring in some big name free agents we talked about the Columbus situation last week to me if you're
Columbus is the perfect time you're on a four game losing streak I don't think this is your year nor
do I think the next couple years are I I think that you get some good assets in return
if Florida really wants Bobrovsky.
Now, saying that, I don't know if Bobrovsky has a no-trade clause.
R.A., that would probably be a better question for you.
And obviously regarding Panarin, he's going to get to decide
this offseason wherever he wants to go.
So, hey, who knows?
Maybe you bundle package this and move them now and and get
something big time in return so that's obviously going to depend on whether Bobrovsky wants to sign
long term in Florida I I love Lou obviously he's you know he's getting older and and they need to
plan for the future because regarding getting that number one goalie it's it's it's you know
it's always difficult so if they're able to lock in their goalie for the next eight years,
barring Bobrovsky being able to stay healthy, that's a big pickup to me.
And eating two years of Luongo at 5.3 and having him as a backup goalie
or taking a little bit of the load off
Bobrovsky, especially considering he has dealt with injuries in the past,
I don't think that's a big deal.
You've seen teams carry two goalies before,
and especially considering that they have a lot of cap space to work with,
and they may not be spending all of it this offseason.
So that's my opinion on that.
Obviously, as I mentioned, this works into the Columbus
situation, too, that we discussed last week. Another thing to keep an eye on, too, is Derek
Brassad possibly getting moved again. For whatever reason, he didn't work out in Pittsburgh. Everyone
thought he would. They had him as the third center. It just didn't work out for him. But
Florida, it's unlikely they're going to get to the playoffs, and they can turn him into some
future assets, maybe some picks, maybe some young guys. So Broussard may well be on the move again,
unless, you know, unless Florida plans on signing him there. So keep an eye on that as well.
Before we go any further, I just want to talk to you for a minute about Quip.
The new year means new resolutions, and we've got one year working on twice a day. It's your
oral health. And with the Quip electric toothbrush, sticking to good habits is simple. The guiding
features are like a built-in support system for better brushing. They got the sensitive sonic
vibrations for an effective clean that's gentle on your sensitive gums. I do have sensitive gums,
so it helps me out immensely. A lot of people brush too hard and some electric toothbrushes
are just too abrasive. That's not the situation with Quip. It's got the built-in two-minute pulse
timers every 30 seconds to let you know when to switch over. As most people don't know, you're supposed to brush for a full two minutes. Quip
lets you know when to switch over. The brush is the best. I've had it for years. I wouldn't switch
to any other one. My favorite part, it's not one of those cheap old ones you get at the dentist
office. Not with Quip because 75 of people are using old one-off bristles that are ineffective.
Not the case with Quip. It's the first electric toothbrush accepted by the american dental association i'm a huge fan and
you can become one too over a million happy healthy mouths out there you can make it a million and one
quip starts at just 25 if you go to getquip.com slash chiclets right now you can get your first refill pack for free. That's your first refill pack for free at getquip.com.
Actually, we didn't fail to mention we got Mike Carmy coming on.
He was one of our Malibu interviews.
I'm sorry, Venice.
I got my California beach towns mixed up.
One of our Venice interviews last week.
He was a good time.
I enjoyed talking to him, so we'll be bringing him on shortly.
Biz, we had a Jordan
Tutu night in Nashville the other night, huh?
Yeah, pretty emotional. Actually,
Scotty Upshaw went there. He said it was incredible.
Fan favorite forever
there. Just a great place to
watch a game, and I'm sure it was an emotional night
for him and his family.
Obviously, when he came on the
podcast, he talked about his time there
and what Poyle had done for him, the organization in general.
It's cool that he was able to turn everything around there.
Obviously, we know what he's up to now because he was on recently.
They didn't retire his number, right?
It was just more like a night for him?
Yeah, just like a night for him, basically. They didn't retire his number. Yeah, so more like a night for him yeah just like a night for him basically
they didn't retire his number yeah so that i mean that's still so cool it's like he was he was such
a fan favorite that he deserved it i i could just picture him now like looking up to the crowd as he
walks off and he sees the guy with just like a fucked up arm he's like oh that's the guy whose
arm i snapped at the bar when he tried arm wrestling but he's like trying to clap for
tutu that's how much he loves him good for him i'm sure him and up he had an absolute time too
you know i can imagine that's the stories those two are telling each other when they're sitting
down for dinner on a celebration for tutu's career absolutely and by the way going back to
the bobrovsky situation he said he is willing to waive his no trade clause and that's uh coming
from tsn pier Pierre Lebrun.
So I just wanted to go back to that one quickly.
Just talking to Appiah a couple weeks ago, a week ago,
whatever it was, in Venice, you could see how much,
just in his face when he was talking about Tutu,
how much he means to him.
So it was pretty cool to see him fly to Nashville for the night for his buddy.
You could just tell how much he means to him.
And, Whit, you just mentioned about a guy clapping in the audience.
Did you happen to catch
elias lindholm on calgary the other night it was his first game back in carolina calgary beat them
he scored a goal and he started doing that skull clap but you know basically mocking the former
crowd i mean i like little troll shit like that we always talk about on the podcast guys need to
liven things up a little and anytime you can troll a former crowd like that with a little skull clap
i thought it was pretty funny stuff.
Yeah, all right.
I mean, I enjoyed it too.
And people were kind of  some people were rattling.
I'm like, first of all, people should know that  or Lindholm says that
after the game when he was asked about doing that, he said,
well, they showed my picture on the big screen a couple times
and people were booing me.
So, you know, he was kind of like  also, I mean, who cares?
Like, he played for that team last year, and then they won,
and they do this stupid  by the way, I'm going to come out and say,
no disrespect to the Carolina Hurricanes or Rob Brindamore.
That's so dumb.
Them doing that is so dumb.
I think it's just  I don't think it's that funny.
I just think it's stupid.
Maybe that's me being a miserable bastard.
Either way, he's coming out, and he's making fun of a chant
that they do when they win.
Like, he just won.
He's on the road.
Why would you do that?
You're, like, trying to be, like, the bad guy.
I mean, it's not like it was, like, ill spirit.
What's the word?
Like, it wasn't mean spirit.
You know what I mean?
Like, it's just joking around.
The crazy thing about that game, Biz,
before you mention what you have to say about this,
is the four guys in that four-player trade,
Lindholm and Hannafin and then Furland and Hamilton
to the other side in Carolina,
they all scored in that game, which is crazy.
I mean, you see a team make a four-player deal
and they play each other.
I can't imagine that's ever happened before.
Maybe it has, but I thought that was interesting was interesting okay so my biggest issue with everything was uh i actually saw a clip of it
on instagram and uh the carolina hurricanes uh tv guy i don't know who it was because it didn't show
the face uh it was one of the two and they were like oh like you know after everything he's
accomplished with this organization he's's going to mock them like that
and started bitching about it.
And then I'm like, okay, well, I got to figure what happened
throughout the course of the game.
I thought maybe, you know, every time he touched it, they would boo him.
But you're saying they put him on the Jumbotron.
He obviously heard boos when, in fact, he was traded.
I think
Yeah, he never asked to be traded.
I think the hurricane swept the rug from underneath everyone with that trade.
Everyone was surprised.
He's gone on to have a great start to this season in 53 games.
Lynn Holmes got 23 goals, 37 assists for 60 points.
Thanks, trade, for the Flames.
And Hannafin on top of that.
That's what I'm saying.
Even if he ain't getting it done on the ice,
that handsome bastard's probably getting the boys lit.
Even if he ain't getting it done on the ice,
that handsome bastard's probably getting the boys lit.
But moving away from that, it's like, one,
you traded the guy who didn't ask to get traded.
They show him on the Jumbotron, as opposed to you saying,
oh, what this Oregon adjacent did for him.
Well, all the fans just booed him.
Obviously, they don't think that much of him.
And then you do do this silly routine after the game.
If I was head coach or I was the owner or management, I would not be down with that.
Am I happy that they're,
you know,
winning games and having fun at home.
And,
and another positive thing about it is fans are staying all the way till the
end of the game.
And then of course afterwards.
So that's a cool thing too.
So they get to celebrate all together,
whatever.
I'm not totally down with it,
but I'm not going to bitch about it like the grumpy old
man went over there. But to say,
to start carving into Limholm
as the announcer, like, bud,
assess the situation and stop being
a homer. If your fans want to boo when you're doing
this silly thing and then he jokes around and taunts
you a little bit after the game, give me a
fucking break. It's fucking sports
here. Enough with the PC
police. What a sports nut. It's like the the pc police what a sports nut it's like the
ladania tomlinson cried that time when the patriots celebrated in san diego remember that
what he's like he stole our guys move that's that's our guys move the thunder move that
merriman used to do yeah it's like come on bro you just lost get over it um i would i would
have gave him the ferrets the finger if they booed, and then I scored a goal and then beat my old team.
Ferret's finger, and then you called the GM.
The guys were out late during the Super Bowl.
I think we should go to Mike Carmy now, man.
I enjoy talking to him.
He was a piece of work.
All those guys out there that week were a piece of work.
What's up, Biz?
Oh, what's funny is that tweet that someone sent out of the city of Edmonton sign,
and it talks about
the billionaire's cut, which is a story that ends up being told in this interview. And I believe
Penner mentioned it in his. So I hope you guys enjoy it. And a big thanks to Comrie for coming
on that rich bastard. This interview is brought to you by Herbal Active, the 100 hemp-based CBD
product we've been talking about. I mentioned they have dog treats. They have
mints for human beings, of course. Drops, the level three drops are the drops I put in my
water bottle every morning. They help with depression, anxiety, swelling, of course.
Inflammation is the leading cause of disease. A little fun fact for everyone. I also take the drops before bed. They help me sleep unbelievable. They have the balm,
which helps for joints and muscle pain. Great for after workouts. I usually coat my legs before bed.
We're going to give you guys 20 off Herbal Active with the Biz20 promo code. Herbal Active is spelt a little bit differently. It's
U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-A-V. That's Herbal Active. U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V. You can go to their website.
If you have any questions, go to them on social media, whether it's Twitter or Instagram. Instagram direct message is the way to get a hold of them.
They also have a store in Phoenix.
As soon as you land, actually, if you fly in, it's right by the airport.
You can go visit them to even have a conversation in person.
So Biz20 promo code for 20 off all your 100 hemp-based CBD.
Hope you guys enjoy Herbal Active.
We are now pleased we're still sitting in Venice Beach, L.A.,
near the home of our special guest, Mike Carmody.
This is a player.
I went to Edmonton.
He immediately made fun of me, so I knew I was going to like him.
A legend in the game.
We also have Teddy Purcell, one of our favorites, sitting in
because he's boys with MC.
So welcome, Mike Comrie.
Thanks for joining us.
How are you?
Oh, cease and desist from Witt.
He can't be using his lines.
He knows, he knows, he knows.
What's going on, buddy?
Not much.
Thanks for having me.
Congratulations on your guys' success.
Thank you.
I do listen and I follow closely.
Do you really?
And I'm very, I was very reluctant to come on the show
correct i know we're begging man we were begging we got it we had to get a script like that's our
first real celebrity so we had to hammer down the questions we could ask him this is like oprah
i prefer to listen rather than to you know tell the stories you like just like remembering the
stories but i think this is our first guest where mc's like listen i you got to make sure the
paparazzi i don't want the address getting out they'll end up being at your door you don't you don't want it i don't want it
one of the reasons he was reluctant or probably enough the main reason was because you
you have a cocky funny sense of humor and obviously people are well aware you come from a lot of money
which listen if you were a piece of shit and you came from a lot of money we wouldn't want you on
this podcast but we know that you're a salt of the earth guy and you have a lot of fucking funny stories.
And for the people listening, he does not want to flaunt this.
We are basically forcing him to flaunt.
I think what I think what really made the crowd enjoy at the beginning was the billionaire cut story.
Allegedly.
See, this is all alleged.
Exactly.
We can't prove anything.
My memory could sometimes be shady, but when an evil witch...
You realize how many people text me after that happened?
No.
Yeah.
And I was like...
Fill us in.
No, I'm not filling you in.
Cactus Club Cafe?
Yeah.
Oh, okay, so it was at Cactus Club.
I don't even think it's true.
It's Cactus...
Because I think you say such funny things that in your brain, you're like, I didn't
say that.
I never said that.
How could I have thought of that? But there's a millionaire's cut steak and he said uh can i
please have the billionaire's guy wait excuse me he's like it's that's the millionaire's guy he's
like not for me it's the billionaire no it's not true and when she's laughing when she's laughing
words in my mouth it's funny they put words in my mouth it's not true all right fair enough okay
so we're all for one on stories that was a fabricated one. Do you guys have any other
fabricated stories about Mike?
Actually, Teddy used to live in my house when he
played in Edmonton. Old castle?
What was your guys' connection?
Mutual friends?
A lot of mutual friends.
Buddy Cody and then I was
living out here. A lot of guys.
I played with a lot of guys that Teddy
played with, plus he was in Edmonton.
So I went to Edmonton, and he was like,
do you want to live in my dad's house?
So Vedder was just like, I just got Vedder.
Vedder used to get lost in there.
His house had like 100 bedrooms.
It's untrue.
It's untrue.
It was awesome.
There was five TVs in my master bedroom,
five different TVs.
There was a games room.
There was a hair salon.
There was a
there was a basketball court right off the kitchen like a full full like basketball court you grew up
yeah it was it was the indoor uh pool yeah and then they changed it to a basketball we we we
jumped in one day and we jumped out it was freezing cold in edmonton you can't really have
you don't have that many seasons to have an outdoor pool, right?
So my dad ended up covering the pool with a gymnasium floor and turned it into a hockey rink.
We rolled away.
My brother and I rolled away every day. And then there was three sticks on the wall.
There was one Gretzky, one Messier, and one Comrie.
People would come over after hours after the bar and stuff.
We were playing hockey and stuff.
And they'd grab Gretzky and Lemieux and Messiers,
and I wouldn't let anyone touch them.
I was like, don't touch the eagle.
That one stays on the wall.
Excuse me, can you put that back, ma'am?
Put that on the wall.
How many former NHL guys are out here in this general area?
It seems like a shitload of yous out here.
Yeah, there's quite a few.
Originally, the reason that I moved out here was because i was playing hockey in edmonton all year round and you guys know what
it's like to try to break up you know some of the summer from the season and i was younger so they
were always asking me to go on to the golf outings and wit knows how much i love to golf he's a big
time swinger he loves it is he a gambler too wit no i don't love i don't love
golfing he doesn't love golfing i'll tell the quick story that we we lost the guy for the golf
trip we go on and at the end we needed someone late hork and clear like some of my best friends
yeah we all played in edmonton we all we all came into the league same time i want to go into that
later and these guys like they go on this golf trip that he talks about all the time and i mean
you gotta love golf got to love golf.
Do you love golf?
No.
And if you miss a tee time, then you're kicked off.
I don't want that type of pressure to go play golf.
True story.
I knew that.
And I was like, I don't really like golf, but I already committed.
And so it's their golf thing.
Where were you guys?
In North Carolina?
Yeah, North Carolina.
Oh, my God.
From LA, it's a five, six-hour flight.
And then what happened was...
Last minute, too.
Last minute, my flight from Atlanta gets canceled to...
Where were you guys started?
We were in Pinehurst, like, whatever, Pinehurst, North Carolina.
So he has...
He's like, guys, I'm not going to be there first tea time in the morning.
And Hork's like, no.
He's like, actually, I will be there.
So this sicko got
an uber from atlanta to pinehurst north carolina it was like a nine hour uber and he showed up and
he made the first tea time and the whole in the whole week he wore the shoes he went around the
whole week i think my clubs showed up like a couple days later right i wore these shoes
I think my clubs showed up a couple days later.
But he wore these shoes.
The reason I wore these shoes today,
the first thing he saw me, he was like,
oh my God, I know those shoes. And you played rounds in those?
Yeah.
Do they have grip on the bottom?
No.
I mean, no, they're like very expensive,
cool hip shoes that golf people are like,
are those golf shoes?
He's like, yeah, I put cleats on the bottom.
Well, he's not a golfer, so for lack of sleep,
and of course he didn't have golf attire,
did you
guys give him a few extra strokes on the tournament that hork like gave a speech something he's like
and how about mc you know to sit in an uber that long and um c mc doesn't sit in ubers it should
be a helicopter but the helicopters weren't around either and we just love him so much and thank you
for not missing a tee time but it's true even keith yandall said like we all talked about him
coming on the trip he's like i's like, I don't want to play
that much golf.
And they're playing like 36
and they're back to back
to back.
So you're going to love
the game.
I could play 36
in many parts.
Yandles,
actually,
I know you're close with him.
When he was in Phoenix,
we called him up.
He moved in with me.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
That was at the very beginning.
Very beginning, yeah.
They called him up the first time, and then he sat down.
They sent him down.
No, they sent him down, and so all of his stuff was still in my place.
And then I ended up...
I can't remember if he got called back up.
I ended up getting traded that year.
But he's...
I mean, he's turned out to be quite a stud.
Yeah, he really did.
Iron Man.
He's still going.
I know.
I know.
Isn't Kes close to him, too?
Kes is behind him.
He is?
I think so.
Kes is like 100 behind him, I think.
Either way.
There's like four or five right in that range.
And we've talked.
Cogs got him.
Yeah, that was a joke.
That was Cogs' thing.
That was a joke.
Yeah, that dumb suspension.
Yeah.
Hey, so I wanted to bring up the beginning of Edmonton.
Actually, I wanted to bring up before because I always wondered.
I never even talked to you.
Michigan, you leave.
You rip up Michigan.
You leave. You go to Kootenai. You go to kootenai you go to kootenai why did that what was that whole story um what happened was so i came when i was drafted this was like in 98 99 so this is before the rules
were changed 99 i just checked your hockey db so i know i was just seeing if you were
i was just seeing if you were listening. You get a notification every time someone checks his HockeyDB.
It's like, other one, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
Actually, so anyways, I get drafted, but this is before they changed the rules.
So when you're a smaller player, there's only a certain amount of spots.
Very rarely did any team have two smaller players per team.
And so Edmonton had Todd Marchand.
And I was thinking to myself, I'm like, you know,
I don't know if I'm going to fit in their plans.
So what happened was in Michigan, I had a couple good years.
Great years.
I actually made the Tri-City Americans when I was 16,
but I was not physically ready.
Remember Rob Brown?
Fitzburg?
Oh, yeah. Downtown Rob Brown. Yeah, 50 with Mario, Brown? Pittsburgh? Oh, yeah.
Downtown Rob Brown.
Yeah, he was 50 with Mario, right?
Exactly, yeah, exactly.
So his dad was the GM of Tri-City.
And I went to camp when I was 16, made the team,
and I was sitting in the room with him, and my dad's like,
it's up to you.
And I was like, you know, Lenka was there, Boucher was there.
I was like, I don't think I could physically play.
You were about 40. If that. Really? I mean, I was not. You know, I was smaller, you know, Lenka was there. Boucher was there. I was like, I don't think I could physically play. You were about 40.
If that.
Really?
I mean, I was not.
You know, I was smaller, right?
So I go back to the Tier 2 in Edmonton, played there, went to Michigan.
And everybody's like, well, you're too small to play in the WHL.
Anyways, this is before they changed the rules.
I mean, you guys have interviewed some of the guys where it's like two.
Mutants.
Well, two teams that can't even basically
take pregame skate with each other.
It was a tough league.
They had to change the rules.
That's fucked up.
It was a tough league.
And I was like, I could play it
and I just need to be ready.
I'm not physically ready.
So what happened was I actually ended up going back
to St. Albert, played two years there
just outside of Edmonton.
Lived at home.
I was 16, 17, kind of matured, worked out.
And then I went to Michigan a little bit because I was like,
I don't really need to go to the Western Hockey League to prove anybody.
I want to just continue to get better and also enjoy the experience.
Yeah, exactly.
So what happened was I went to camp.
I left Michigan early and then left, you know, after my sophomore year,
I was a Hobie Baker finalist, and I was like, you know,
I think I can play professionally.
I'm ready for the NHL.
Well, at least professionally or, you know.
But at that time, with the rules not being changed,
it was like you've got to be in the right spot.
And you know if you're a first-rounder
or you're offered a lot of money,
you're going to get more opportunity.
So I was like, there was a loophole.
I don't know if you remember Mike Van Ryan.
And he was Michigan too.
He was Michigan as well, yeah.
So what happened was I went to the Oilers camp
without a contract,
knowing that I could still go back to the Western League
if things didn't work out.
If you didn't get signed. If I didn't get signed or if i didn't maybe even make the team or you know whatever the case may be so and also like being from edmonton growing up there and
then playing there like i didn't know if it was going to be a great fit or not i had no idea they
had a smaller player i knew that if i possibly was become a free agent and had good numbers, somebody was going to offer me enough money to give me a good chance to play.
So that was all.
At 19, 20 years old, that's all you want, right?
You want a chance.
Biggest deal you can get, too.
Well, because they're going to.
It gives you.
It gives you the chance, right?
Yes.
Especially the smaller player.
So I went to Edmonton's camp.
Had a great camp.
Didn't sign.
Went back to Kootenai, was in the WHL.
It was so easy for you?
Well, it's not that it was easy.
I was 20 playing against, you know, so I was playing against 19, you know, 18-year-olds.
I wasn't very rarely on the ice against 16-year-olds.
They would try to usually match us.
No, I'm serious.
That's not. I know you are. Yeah, yeah. You're like, hey, you have a 16-year-old out against you right match us. No, I'm serious. That's not.
I know you are.
Yeah, yeah.
You're like, hey, you have a 16 year old out against you right now.
I'll give you a chance.
Change up.
There was a shift.
Ryan McGill was our coach.
He's coaching in Vegas now.
He left me out for like four and a half, five minutes because we started with a penalty
kill, ended up going four on four and I was fine.
It was a break.
And then we got a power play and it was a five on three.
And he's like, should I call timeout? I'm like, power play and then it was a five on three and he's like should i call time out i'm like no i feel fine young legs yeah it's like that
um weiss in florida he had like a eight minute shift or something crazy really yeah like it was
just like kind of like that like there was a pp pk yeah it's not like not to one-up your story
yeah actually uh actually i think mine was actually eight and
a half minutes i can't remember though yeah first i'd love to check that out your first captain was
doug doug wait what was that what was he like well he's got to finish that last story doesn't he i
mean well no yeah i just wanted to know how he ended up in coot yeah so i ended up so well it's
i'll answer that question after so i ended up inootenai because I didn't get a contract done with Edmonton,
and they had a smaller floor already, like I said.
Rules were not in our favor.
Guys would just clutch and grab.
Darian Hatcher's out there.
Oh, jeez.
It was a war.
Just to get to the front of the net was like you'd have to take six or seven in the back.
You still went there, though.
Oh, yeah.
I'll give you credit.
I mean, that's the only way we're going to score.
And Kootenai was probably paying you under the table.
No, they were not.
We were not London.
Oh, you got in trouble already.
Say it again.
So I got pee-pee whacked for saying that.
I know.
I made a couple cracks about London paying their players.
Obviously, they probably don't.
I was just jet lagged.
Allegedly.
I was talking about a backjack pedal. Anyways. Anyways. So no i got i got in trouble because they were like hey could
you have them stop saying that on the podcast like we haven't
shriveling on you stop making it right i was just trying to be like the funny
like bitter guy from from the owen sound attack because they beat us out and you
know yeah they were the bit number one we were the number two
so whatever so whatever so london knights don't pay their players the beat us out. And, you know, they were the number one. We were the number two. So whatever. So whatever.
So London Knights don't pay their players.
The Kootenai Ice do.
So back to back to our.
So how they got my my rights.
Actually, I was with Tri-City.
They no, no, they didn't.
They they moved to Edmonton.
Originally, it was Tri-City moved to or there was the ice.
Who was the ice?
No, that was it was.
No, the ice was.
So, no, they they I think they were
No I think they were
A new organization
Yeah they were
Yeah so there was
The Edmonton Ice
And then they ended up
Trading for my rights
While I was still in St. Albert
And they moved to Cootney
So Tri-City ended up
Trading for my rights
Oh okay
To Cootney
But then you went to Edmonton
In the middle of that year
Yeah so I
So I
I ended up signing a contract
Which was Which was which was a large contract
with a lot of bonuses.
Incentives.
Yeah, I know.
I heard you talking about Pyatt's.
That's why.
So what happened was Joe Thornton's agent,
Mike Barnett,
he was the first one to put that contract into place,
but you had to get two out of the six the first year, and you had to get two out of the six the first year,
and you had to get three out of the six the second year,
and then you had to get four out of the six to get all the bonuses,
which were like a couple hundred grand each.
But if you got like three or four or five, you'd get all of them.
Yeah.
So I knew I was going to get the chance, right?
So I was like, okay, I don't know if Edmonton is the right spot
But they're going to give me every opportunity to play
Did you get your bonuses?
Yeah
I wouldn't have brought up that story if I didn't
Yes I love the cockiness
No no
So I ended up signing
I had a game
We had a game.
We had a game that night, Friday night, in Kootenai.
And I ended up agreeing to contract that night before our game.
So I had to go wake up Stoli.
I was living with him in Kootenai.
And I was like, hey, I just signed with the Oilers.
And he loved the Oilers.
We ended up being teammates in Edmonton as well.
Was he already drafted? He was drafted there, right? he wasn't no he wasn't no yeah he wasn't he went back in the draft yeah Kevin Lowe actually called me as I was with
Edmonton on draft day asked me about Stoli and I saw his number on my cell phone I was like oh my
god I'm getting dealt yeah what did I do play for Edmonton I'm like see ya my God, I'm getting dealt one. What did I do? I was like, all I want to do is play for Edmonton.
I'm like, see ya.
He asked me about Stoli.
So I ended up playing in Hockey Night in Canada
Saturday against Montreal Canadiens in Edmonton.
First game, no practice because it was 5.30 start.
It was the early game.
I had never practiced with this team.
I didn't know what the system was.
And I had just played in junior than i before my hip flexors were done for two weeks why because you were sitting on the flight and
stuff no i couldn't keep up with i was trying to skate as fast as i could just to keep up
i had no idea i was like these guys are so fast do you remember who was on your line that night
anson carter and mike greer oh yeah the. Wow, yeah. The white guy in the middle.
So AC gives me a pass as hard as he can,
and I'm like going back door, and it zipped by me.
First game, I'm just like, I'm like,
why are you passing so hard?
Hit me on the tape, right?
And he's like, I have to pass it that hard
or the goalie's going to adjust.
And I'm like, oh, okay.
So I rip one as hard as I can.
But I'm just way, way behind him.
I'm like, man, these guys are a lot faster than they are in junior.
I got to adjust.
How many minutes did you play that first game?
Probably, I mean, I don't know off by hand,
but I would guess it's probably like 15 minutes.
Let me see.
Wait, hockey beat you just half the ice times of your first ever game.
Who was the coach then?
Mac T.
So, man, everything was so different then?
It was like, that was like, it was 2000.
So, yeah, it was before the rules changed.
Was it commercial flight still?
Yes.
So, I heard you talking about it.
This is a true story.
My first year after 9-11 was everybody.
Oh, that, okay.
That's what propelled everybody to be private.
But my first year, yeah.
And as a rookie, you're sitting in the middle seat sometimes.
The good news is you got to stay overnight and, like,
go for drinks with your buddies or dinner after games,
which it kept everybody pretty close.
We had a close team.
Good leaders.
Waiter and Jason Smith.
We got to get to R.A.'s captain questions.
Yeah, Doug, what was he like as a leader?
He's kind of a legendary guy.
Everyone that played with him seems to love the guy.
So what was your first impressions going in and having him kind of dictate in the room?
I've been very fortunate and I'm very grateful for playing with so many great people
and leaders that I've played with from dougie way jason smith
daniel alfredson grew up in edmonton with gretzky and messier played for played gretzky was wayne
was our coach in phoenix mario was our owner in pittsburgh so like i've been around i've been
around a lot of great leaders and i feel very fortunate for that you know and and coming in as a 20 year
old playing in your hometown and dougie wait you know who's a guy that i grew up watching
you know from 14 on in edmonton um was total class act you know always included everybody
i don't know if it's like that in the in the dressing rooms like it was back then but it was
like the reason that you were so vague with the media
because you didn't want to step on anybody's toes.
You know, you didn't want to make anybody upset,
especially the young guy.
You're just like trying to fit in around here, you know.
And this was before the salary cap.
So guys wanted everybody to make more money,
and everybody was like it was just a really good group
to come into the league with, you know, Horkoff and Cleary.
It was our first year, so we were like, oh, my God.
It was like, I remember Horkoff.
What was the bar you guys used to tell me about,
like the bungalow room or something?
Something like that.
The old West Edmonton Mall, they'd drive out there to rip up the bars.
It was attached to the mall.
And it fit like 2 000 people apparently
it's just enormous we used to the cops used to drive us home their sirens on everything
it was i mean it was i got home one time from uh vancouver so you lose an hour coming back to
edmonton on a road trip on it was like a saturday night and like i get home i just put my bags down
i live with my brother he was also playing for the
orders he got hurt and uh you know i got a knock on my door like was it had to have been 2 2 30 in
the morning and i was like open my door i'm still in my suit because i just got home there was like
10 people out there like hey you guys having people over i'm like no we are now honestly you
guys can come in For a drink
But like
No we're not
Hey let's
Dial a bottle
And let's get
This fucking party started
He's like
Tell me how many minutes
I played tonight
I want you to come in
He's like 21
He's like come on
Close enough
Teddy you got some
Good comedy stories
We need you to dig up
The good dirt
Uh oh
Well I
I wanted to
I need to know How it ended in Edmonton the first time
Because you ripped it up
You had the sick year
So what happened was
Three years
In your 20, 21, 22
When I was turning 23
Everything was magnified
Being in that kind of environment
And as much as I loved it and wanted to be there,
it was like,
I couldn't really at that age separate,
you know,
going to the grocery store and talking hockey.
Like I was 22.
I was like,
all I want to do was like not talk hockey when I'm not,
when I'm not at the rink.
And that's all there is.
It's different when you're older and you,
you,
you know,
what's at stake,
you know?
And like, I was just like, you know what? I just need a break from this. This is you, you, you know, what's at stake, you know? And like,
I was just like,
you know what?
I just need a break from this.
This is not good for,
you know,
for my mental health.
Basically as much fun it was on the ice,
it was tough to separate that.
And,
and,
and being that age,
like I didn't really,
Oh,
thanks.
I didn't,
I didn't really,
uh,
um,
know what to expect or how to handle it.
And, you know, and coming back after.
So the reason, so I left and it was basically somewhat of a contract dispute.
And then all of a sudden it was like, that was right when the internet was like, had the chat rooms.
And it's like rumors.
I should have addressed them.
I'm just like, whatever. I never, I never address never i never address any yeah they were crazy rumors i know and they all
they're always there's even more today than there was and it's like yeah everybody that knows me
knows that like who i am that's why i'm never i've never been one to be like
oh i'm gonna address that because then it almost looks like you're like well it's the court of
public opinion.
Like, some people care about it more than others.
Like, yeah, I mean, we're...
What, why are you laughing?
The court of public opinion, like,
do you care what the public thinks of you?
Some people do.
Like, wait, you don't give a fuck
when somebody tweets something negative about me.
I kind of get on it.
Where, I mean, that's nice that you didn't have to feel
the need to address it.
I feel like I like them.
When I was playing, I didn't love it.
Now it's like...
Let me tell you a story about Witter.
I know you guys love him.
Yeah, we don't get enough of him.
Seriously.
I signed with Edmonton in 2010.
I just turned 30.
I'm turning 30.
And Witt's on the team. we had a pretty decent team on paper that was we thought we thought yeah we got some funny back wins i know
i've heard you say that rest in peace rest in peace anyways winter first thing he does you know
you're in the shower you know like i'm not even joking this is so like he'll and he'll look he
already knows i don't even know what you're gonna say like you want those guys when you're in the
shower like we've showered with, you know, tons of teams.
It's not a big deal, whatever.
Instead of looking you up and down, first thing he does, he looks at your arches and how you're standing on the ground.
He doesn't even care about anything else.
He's like, oh, you got nice arches.
Because he's got bad feet.
He's had surgeries.
He's the first thing he sees.
It's true, right?
Right?
And I remember seeing your feet.
I'm like, dude, you kind of have perfect sitting feet. Your arch is not really, it's not a really flat foot, but it's true right right and i remember seeing your feet i'm like dude you kind of have your perfect sitting feet your arch is not really it's not a really flat foot but it's
just a little arch it's perfect for athletics and he's like what are you talking about what's
a foot fetish and i just kept going up then i just kept going up i'm like not bad yeah not a bad hose
and i was like oh your face isn't bad either i remember your athletic looking bare feet mz
we need to we need to get the archbishop back on so Whit can talk to her.
Biz already brought a foot fetish.
To talk about feet, I'll tell a funny MC story.
The first time I ever met him, we were at the Lakers game,
and we were down in this little bar before the game.
This is where the cocky funny comes out.
We're talking about it.
It's just to the boys, though.
Time out.
I want to make something clear.
I'm not like, I am one of the guys, it doesn't matter.
Like, Whit talks more about money than anybody.
Yes, correct.
But I don't think it's a bad thing.
I mean, I'm like joking the same way when you say stuff.
It's very funny.
It's true, but it's very funny at the same time. I don't know what very funny it's true but it's very funny
at the same time
I don't know
what you want me to say
so let's go back
to the story
I haven't even
I haven't heard this one
I think it was a playoff game
or something
we had like a suite up top
we were just down this bar
to try to see some celebrities
before the game
so MC's here
I'm like oh where you sitting
he goes
I don't come to Lakers games
unless I can get
splinters in my toes
we go up in the suite we see Gomery at like half court and you're like this unless I can get splinters in my toes.
We go up in the suite and we see Comrie at like half court.
And you're like, yes.
He's like, no.
See, I think that's fucking hilarious.
Everyone knows you're a great guy
but you just make great jokes.
Ed Jovanovsky all the time.
Like, Jovo, you got changed.
Oh, I've never seen Jovo in Phoenix.
You got changed for a 20.
That is change.
Or like, hey, Jovo,
that's a beautiful sweater what kind of sweater
is that he looks at you and goes expensive and like turns back to the card game like
it's just like every day there was something he was saying like he'd say like oh i have the
fucking new mercedes is that good question mark you know is that good i don't know you tell me
the james bond aston martin is that good so but And that's the type of sense of humor that I love.
I don't come from money.
I don't have a ton of it.
But when you drop jokes like that, it's fucking funny.
It is funny.
But you also have to be sensitive of the public and everything.
And I love his transparency for it.
And I love Joe too.
But I think that in this day and age, in 2019, you got somewhat sensitive to you know what's going on around the
world and also how hard people work for you know to make a dollar what are you doing now work-wise
wow getting grilled by wind i thought we're gonna follow it up with another funny cocky story i
could probably go into something funny i i mean i know you work i work with my dad yeah so like
what's the day-to-day like um just like just different investments um i help some guys out actually to play hockey with
some different investments um it's basically our family office um that you just run while my dad
is in charge i'm i'm no not quite but i I'm learning as we go
one thing that we need to talk about is
having Wayne Gretzky as head coach
we didn't really dive into that yet
we can talk about a lot of things
he's somebody that I grew up
idolizing as a hockey player
I grew up in Edmonton
so
there was less than a million people
there growing up my dad um
had a successful business that he started um so he was always prominent he was always uh
giving back to community and we had we had a box um that we go to the games so we were fortunate
enough to be around a lot of those guys um and Wayne was somebody that, you know, such a class act.
Growing up, having somebody like that to look up to,
and, you know, Messier, same thing.
Like, these two guys are the epitome of what every hockey player wants to,
you know, wants to do in their career, right?
So, you know, playing for him after being around that environment we you know
we he would he was our uh a friend of my dad so it was kind of funny because what would happen is
like we uh after lockout we had like j jeremy ronick we had uh peter nedved i'm trying to think
of the centers mike reachy and then Ricci. And then I was there.
And he'd be like, Ricci, your line's up.
JR, you're up.
Mikey, you're up.
Everybody would be like, yeah.
They'd be like, yeah, I know, I know.
Oh, you're Mikey to him, I see.
But he's honestly like somebody that I've looked up to.
And he's just, I mean, to be in that environment,
we actually had a decent team.
It was after the lockout, so we had a bit of an older team.
And some of the guys just weren't as, you know,
equipped to play without the red line.
It was a whole new game.
Oh, yeah, I forgot about that.
That's like a big change, especially if you have all older guys.
I came in before when there was a red line and clutching and grabbing.
It was like a war to get to the net.
I played a year in the AHL with the red line in.
To think now you couldn't just snap a long pass for a breakaway.
It's crazy the league had that for that long.
I know.
Now if it came back, you'd be painfully harrowing.
People were, well, traditionalists were up in arms about it.
They didn't really want that.
And the league's like, man, it's like so much,
it's so boring to watch regular season hockey
because they just like go up on the red line.
Chip it.
Bearclaw the guy and it goes by them
and then it just goes back the other way.
Yeah, it was so bad for so long.
It's like, why, you know, what took so long
to fucking make this rule happen?
You mentioned the lockout.
You were in Sweden for the lockout, right?
I knew you were going to ask me this.
Am I getting that predictable now?
No, I love it.
Yeah, no, it was 2004.
I'm surprised you didn't just chill.
I didn't think you'd be.
I thought you'd take a little time off.
I'll tell you what happened was that I was in Phoenix.
We were locked out, and everybody's going over to Europe to play.
And I was 24, so I was kind of coming into my prime,
and I was like, I don't want to just sit around for a whole year
and not do anything.
You've got to play.
I should play.
So the team that I went to had Suray, Chara, Martin Gerber,
who was with Anaheim and Ottawa.
He was our goalie.
We had a really good team.
Haken Lube was our GM.
Really?
Yeah.
He was our name in the past.
Calvary Flame, yeah, 50 goals.
He's a great guy.
Anyway, so we were in Sweden.
50 goals, great guy.
I was with Surrey.
I heard you guys talking to him and Brent Myers.
So they're from Edmonton.
Lube, Sopppy, all those guys.
You guys got a good crew.
Good crew.
All good guys.
It's a handsome crew.
I know.
Name some big dogs.
All Man Rocket team right there.
So Shelly and I, we were like the two imports at the time.
And we're like, after a game, we're like, well, now what do we do?
We're like, I don't know.
I guess we can go to Stockholm. All right, let go wait we got nothing tomorrow no no no oprah all right
let's do it exactly there you go what was closest you came stanley cup cup finals with ottawa that
year yeah do you remember first round against us yeah do you remember the remember the first game, the first period of game one?
When we were all over you guys?
20 to nothing, the shots.
Oh, my God.
We had a good team.
You guys were good.
That team was so nasty.
And you guys ran through us in five games.
We won one game.
I scored that game.
Not a big deal.
And then I told a bunch of people, I said, they're going to win.
I was going to win the cup.
And then just that Anaheim team was.
They were so good.
They had Pronger and they were on the ice.
They were on the ice, you know, over half the time.
It was like.
Teemu.
Yeah, they had a great team.
We also, Detroit actually was close to winning that series against Anaheim.
Yeah.
And we would have matched up better against Detroit.
And also we had, we'd beat every team like, that series against Anaheim. Yeah. And we would have matched up better against Detroit.
And also, we had beat every team.
And we had almost a weak layoff before the finals.
And that hurts a little bit, I think.
But, I mean, they had a great team.
They were just heavy.
And then, like you said, you can't get in those 2D off the ice.
You're never not seeing them.
And then you got Jaguar to beat you. You're fucked.
They were a good team.
Yeah.
Spezza, Healy,
Alfredson
yeah Healy man
he was on real
oh yeah you guys
we had a great team
Razor was our goalie
okay so
people talk about
the way you guys
partied on the way
to the cup too
because you guys
had some partiers
on that team
like what was that
like in Ottawa
fucking Canadian city
where did he go
out in Ottawa
downtown
wherever the wherever the White Hummer led you guys.
Wherever Razor and Gratz were going.
I was like, I mean, I didn't stay out as late as those guys,
but we had a good team.
We had a good group of guys.
And it just shows you, like, if you got guys going,
like, you didn't want to let anybody down.
You could go out, you know, the night before or two nights before,
but you knew that when the puck dropped, it was like time to time.
And I think that's why, you know, you end up winning eventually.
Like, very rarely will you see a team win that's not a tight group.
Yeah.
Oh, we talked about that the other day because, I mean,
obviously the Ferentz news about him kind of well yeah I mean
I don't think you were there at that time I wasn't I
grew up playing against him he's from Edmonton I just feel
like there's no reason even there's no need to
say any of that well that and like
every team that
wins like is usually the
team that's like going out as a group together
a lot I mean
yeah you don't even have to go out but
as long as you're together you know not yeah it's the environment has changed definitely like that's why
my nose the man he just didn't drink but he'd always come out and hang out with
the boys that's like Shane don't Shane don't used to come out and just drink
always hang with the boys just like I don't need to drink but like that's what
makes it special where'd you play with grizzly I just know grizzly so well from
Boston never played with yeah but I was always told that about him when he played.
BU was actually my second choice, Jackie Parker.
Really?
Yeah.
I think you were more of a CCHA guy.
Just a wheeling and dealing type player.
Well, you can teach an offensive guy defensive.
But you can't teach a defensive guy offense.
Biz moved up to forward.
Come on.
Biz said that he would have
more points right now
than Nylander
if he had gotten
to the league
when he did this year.
I think he's got
20 under his belt now.
He's got one goal,
three assists.
This guy's probably,
I would assume,
averaging 17 minutes a night
getting power play
with that power play group,
being on the ice
on a regular shift
with some good players.
I'm saying,
I mean, based on my statistics, is that how you say it? On with some good players. I'm saying based on
my statistics.
Statistics?
I always struggle with that word and a lot of other ones
actually.
They sent him a stat about how I was
the most points per minute
played in one year.
I will say I
don't know if I agree that you would have more points
but I will say that I signed halfway through one year,
and it is very challenging.
You never catch up.
Okay, so this is good insight.
It is very challenging because what happens is you miss training camp,
and all of a sudden you're months into the season,
and you're trying to create that.
But you can't.
You're trying to.
You're doing everything.
I went back and skated with Michigan the year I held out.
It's like you're trying to battle these guys.
It's different.
Okay.
Now, after 20 games, you remember how many points you had?
He's like 26.
Yeah, exactly.
That's why I brought it up.
42.
Probably, I'd say at least 8 or 9 yeah yeah
he had 1 and 2 after
19 games played
they're probably one of the more offensive teams in the league
like
a couple off your ass
a couple off your skate
that's how I used to get it done
I bet he'll be fine.
I mean, that team's pretty good.
And the NHL thrives when Maple Leafs are good.
So you want them to play.
They're struggling right now.
You know who's not struggling?
There's no one at Coyotes.
He's struggling a little today.
Three points out of a wild card spot.
This guy, let's talk about this.
He gives me the runaround.
He's been leading me on a wild
goose chase. Well, I have to fucking
work around Witt's schedule
and whatever he says. Well, no, he was going to LA
yesterday. Sometimes,
yeah, we don't even need to get into it.
I kind of called an executive. That's my fault.
No, no, he told me. He actually
called me. And you're right about the text.
Let me see your thumbs.
Are you a gamer? You can't text very well?
I do have bad thumbs, as you can see.
So you prefer to call rather than text.
Oh, I know.
I'm a caller.
He's the biggest caller.
I know.
They're like 20-minute calls.
I was thinking about when he called me, I'd be like, hey, can't talk.
Text me.
No, I'm always like, in the movies, text me.
I like people that call, but no one does it anymore.
I'm a talker
I texted him 10 times like well fucking call him
like maybe he'll answer
at least we can agree on something
you guys should call each other
I do sometimes
obviously you're an Oilers fan
does it hurt you to see
how the team has had so many first overall
picks and they haven't been able to
get themselves out of this shithole yeah obviously i think that you you know wherever
you're from you'd like to see that team be successful um i was just there over christmas
and i cannot say the game of hockey has been very fortunate to have the best players from gretzky
lemieux you know messier e Eisenman, Sackick,
the list goes on.
If you don't say Sidney Crosby, Witt's going to jump over the table.
I mean, obviously Sidney Crosby.
I thought that was a given.
I played with him as well.
Well, I just want to hear the name, you know?
Yeah.
So, anyways, I was going to say,
and to have Sid and McDavid still in the game,
every single one of those guys are class act, great people,
down to earth and humble which
you know it's like you you think that many guys you're gonna have one guy that's like
you know a donkey or something some some guy that's you know these guys are all very great
people and mcdavid is one of those kinds of guys where it's like you you know, I always get sticks for the brick tournament in Edmonton.
We used to be a novice tournament, but they just call it a 10-year-old tournament.
That's been a long time, that tournament.
You mean the company your father created?
You know how that
The brick tournament?
You know how  well, I always get  what I'm saying is I always get sticks for
Just clarifying what the brick  from the superstars?
Yeah, and it's like these guys,
it's like the minute I text them,
it's like, yeah, no problem.
It's like very rarely in a sport will you get...
I'd be like, yeah, but you got to pay for shipping.
I always tell them that.
I was like, I'll take you out.
But you never called me for it.
I met you out one time.
I might have signed one for you.
Oh, the Roosevelt.
You came to their table.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
Yeah, see? I didn't have to pay for any bottles. It was a great night. It was you. Oh, the Roosevelt. You came to their table. Oh, that's right. That's right.
Yeah, see?
I didn't have to pay for any bottles.
It was a great night.
It was awesome.
Oh, man. Who were you with?
Was it Penner?
You and Dustin Penner?
I can't remember who it was.
Me neither.
Any other fun stories?
No, it was a long time ago.
I'm not saying like that.
Bugsy, me and Bugsy MC were training in the lockout.
And we were in Vail
And he
We're in Dallas
We're in Dallas
Oh I thought you were talking about
The one in LA
Yeah no
But we're in Dallas
He's like
The trip I was on
No but what about
The one in Vail
First of all
Then Dallas
Yeah
So
I was in Vail too
With you and
Yeah
MC had just had his hip done
With the boys
Okay so we have to
Reset the story
And get all the clarifications
Because you guys
Have name dropped
a lot of cities.
So, okay.
Well, there have been
trips of talking
about all of them
and I was like,
I think I was on that one.
That's what I'm trying
to make sure.
So, they used to have
these camps.
Like, they would train.
They would train
before the season.
I don't think it was
during the lockout.
We did it because
I think it was
during the lockout.
We did three different cities.
Oh, yeah.
Scottsdale.
Scottsdale. Scottsdale.
No, but that was another.
Dallas and Vail.
The first year,
I met you guys in Vail.
You guys were just training in Vail.
Okay.
Whatever it was.
So then MC just got his hip done,
but he couldn't skate,
but he just came in to see the book.
They asked me,
they were like,
why don't you come
and just hang out?
I was like, all right.
Not even like workout or training
or anything,
just like come play golf
and come for dinners
I didn't get invited
next year
they knew they needed
to train a little harder
I'll teach them a lesson
it's great to see
MC
but it's
night three
I haven't slept
there was a superstar
and I know
you shouldn't say
name names
no
it was not
let's just keep guessing.
But anyways, the guy didn't end up going to the workout the next day after dinner.
It was not my fault.
He got eagled.
It was Teddy's fault.
Okay, so what's the term?
Eagle-aired?
Yeah, MC doesn't like talking about it, but they're playing.
I call MC an eagle because e eagles are extinct And they're like
They're going away
But eagles
Yeah exactly
So when he flies private plane
I was like
Oh you taking eagle ear today
His own airline
This is what I deal with
These are my friends
This is what I deal with
These are my friends
Tommy loves it
But he can't love it on
On the actual audio
So we know
It's not true.
I used to come here to hang out with you guys.
Why?
You were like me.
You broke down.
Your body shut down.
You're a fake hip, don't you?
Yeah.
But what happened was I broke my ankle and they put a plate in it.
Screwed everything up.
Yeah, and then exactly.
You know how that goes.
And I try to come back too quick, and everybody says hockey tough.
It's like kind of a badge of honor.
Hockey dumb a little bit too.
Yeah, probably.
I mean, I think you're seeing a little bit less and less nowadays,
but I came back, and all of a sudden, like a couple of years later,
my hips started hurting.
So I had three hip surgeries, and that's what ended my career,
was the third one.
Yeah, that's brutal.
But it's part of the game.
And like I say, would you sit there and change anything?
Like, no.
I'm so grateful.
I wouldn't be sitting here today.
I wouldn't have met all of my friends.
Yeah, it's true.
Me specifically.
I always say it could have happened when I was 14.
Right.
All the injuries.
You never would have been there if that had been the case.
Geez, I think we all kind of got deteriorated, other than maybe Teddy.
Like my knees.
No, he hasn't.
I haven't missed a beat.
No.
Look, he took a jog before this interview.
Your legs are so pale, they're glowing. Yeah, dude, I know.
I don't see the sun much in January in Boston.
I can see every vein in your leg.
Oh, he's got a kiss.
He's got an inner thigh tattoo.
I think that's the same tattoo Tony Soprano's
sister had on her titty in the show.
Yeah, Janice Soprano.
Yeah, but Janice Soprano's awful.
Her tattoo is awful. Mine's legit, though.
Oh, it's legit.
You got a Kat Von D tattoo on you?
Yeah, right.
Came right off one of their fucking elbows.
You got it done in a prison.
You snuck into the prison because you knew the security guard
because they were giving cheap tattoos.
You used the fucking Biz20 promo code, too, I bet.
Oh, by the way, have you been using the Biz20 promo code?
I haven't.
I've heard a lot about it.
You don't take discounts, eh?
Are you too good for discounts?
No, not true.
They're like, this is on sale, so he's like, I'll pay full price.
I don't mind.
Just double up.
Save the money.
Don't even give me the air miles.
No, I actually have not, but I like what you're doing.
Selling everything under the sun.
Yeah, hey.
He's doing good at it.
Yeah.
Do you think Leon's or The Brick would be interested in a Biz 20 promo code?
Possibly.
Who wouldn't be?
Let's talk to your old man.
We'll get some business done.
This is actually not even Spittin' Chickas.
This is Shark Tank.
Is your nickname really The Brick?
No.
Because Wikipedia says it on there.
Boy, you can't pay someone to have that removed.
I think you kind of like that.
Is your nickname The Brick?
That's why I say don't pay attention to Wikipedia.
That's amazing.
Somebody told me that before.
I don't have time.
I don't give a shit.
That's R.A.'s other nickname, but it's for a different reason.
That was kind of like an R.A. joke. That was like a Scarface joke, so I figured you would have got it. Thank you. Come on an R.A. joke
That was like a Scarface joke
So I figured you would have got it
Thank you
Come on R.A.
Jesus
I got it
Anything else Teddy you got for us?
No maybe after that Dallas one
He told me and Bugsy
He's like come to L.A.
There's this Halloween party
It's like
It's Melman's Halloween party
Remember we were talking about
Discovery property yesterday?
Yep
He's like it's going to be
The best Halloween party
You'll ever be at in your life he's we're like what do we dress
up as he's like well there's gonna be like a lot of models and actresses make sure your face is
like not covered don't look too stupid so we're like all right so me and bugsy go to like we land
at la the party's in like five hours mc's like yeah i'm going to get my makeup done in like
two i'm like the party's at like eight he's like yeah it takes like six hours i'm like
oh shit that's not true yeah your costume looked good though but it's legit so me and bugsy
went to like the dollar store to get like these costumes we're like man we're gonna look like
idiots at this party what do we do so we've ended up like me and bugsy like obviously tall we get
in there we're dressed as these two big mms like he's the big hands? Yeah. Oh, yeah. They stuck out. Everybody had high-end costumes.
These guys bumping into everybody.
The M's are upside down on the costumes.
Yeah, W's.
We went in the party.
MC gets to see me and Bugs is like, what are we doing here?
So at the time, Seal was with Heidi Klum.
No.
He was dressed as Kevin Garnett in the Celtics jersey.
It was hilarious.
So all of a sudden, they're talking in the corner.
It's a house, so you can approach people, right?
Bugsy gives knuckles, folds his fingers over,
but the fingers are dangling and holding.
He's like, what's up, Seal?
The MM fingers.
The MM fingers.
Was Seal not having it?
I gave him back.
Oh, he loved it?
What's up, man?
I mean, these guys, they weren't making a whole lot of sense by the end of the night.
That's for sure.
Oh, apparently Bugsy had a big night.
Yeah, Bugsy went hard that night.
He had too much to drink.
He wants a redo.
He asked for a mulligan the next day.
He asked for a mulligan.
That would be anxiety city where he could have potentially met a supermodel.
I know.
I mean, everyone was there, like Julia Roberts.
What?
Yeah, like Mel Gibson. Oh, my God. I tried to talk to some of the Victoria's Secret models. Model I know I mean everyone was there like Julia Roberts and watch yeah
everyone
Victoria secret models and that is like two hours into the party miss two hours into the party like people from the show friends Well, you've seen these MM
Invited their family members are in the pool MM's are in the pool. The MM's are in the pool.
We were trying to drink.
That MM guy just took a shit in that bathroom and clogged the toilet.
Is your son going to play hockey?
Right now, he doesn't.
Would he be old enough to already be playing?
Yeah, he's six.
He's almost seven.
I would hear it's a little bit different than if you're growing up like where we did in Edmonton or where I did anyways.
Where that's all there was here.
And also like all their school buddies, everybody that they're friends with, they're all playing in their community.
Where here is if, you know, and he doesn't, if he wanted to play, I would obviously make the drive.
But there's a couple places that you'd have to, you know to put a few miles on to get there,
which is fine.
But right now he plays baseball, soccer, even tennis.
No golf?
I mean, I told you, I don't love golf.
If your dad doesn't play golf a lot of times, I don't think kids...
Oh, is that how it goes?
My dad plays.
Not a ton of kids play whose dad doesn't play.
But it takes so long. It's a sport where not a ton of kids play whose dad's home play. But it takes so long.
It's a whole day.
I've always heard a quote.
It's pretty funny that some people say,
why would I spend five hours with three people
when I could just be hanging out with way more than three people
over the course of a day?
So some people just hate how long it takes.
But we still like when you're out there with us, MC.
Only in your Jordan neon golf shoes.
You played for Red Berenson, right?
Yeah.
In Michigan.
What was that experience like?
He's a pretty well-known legendary coach.
Yeah.
That was a great learning experience because I came from Tier 2 in Canada,
and all of a sudden you're playing in this historic building.
Did you guys ever play in Yost?
Yeah.
That's a great place to play. It's like the environment, the chance. I don't know if you've ever play in yost yeah that's a great place to play
it's like the environment the chance i don't know if you've ever seen it probably not that's i never
experienced college hockey i played in saginaw too so i never really got that like needing to
get up for every fucking game and i i feel like that's an advantage for guys like that's why
you're only playing two games a week right so it's like sure so yeah but it's easier to get up for it of course well i mean like you look at the london
knights and how many guys they pump out like they just kind of used to that pressure already i feel
like that's another part of the advantage and of course it's a good organization yeah but anyway
playing for red was was was a great experience taught me a lot he taught me how to play more
on the on the other side of the puck
at that age i didn't really transfer all of it into the nhl but in college i uh played i played
on both sides more nice yeah it was good because you had to or they fucking chew your head off
is he is he a bit of a psycho no it was just like that was the style of the team.
It was like everybody knew you had to get back.
It was like 98, 99.
How many toe drags did you try a game in college?
A lot.
Too many.
He's like, oh, I really dragged that one out there.
Back into the coach's office.
One time I actually read Berenson.
I went to like there was a guy trying to clear
the puck and i tried to slide like slide like blocking a shot to keep you the puck in like
you have so much room the guy just flipped it out and like went around me and it was like a two-on-one
he's like yeah you probably don't need to leave your feet on that play like okay all right thanks
red although i'll note that down on my memo pad in my iphone memo
pad i know it doesn't come out for another seven years but i have it because i'm a billionaire
i'll tell you who my best coach was uh was my dad i don't know if you guys had
really wow yeah i mean i there's three of us that played in hl that's crazy um, and one was a goalie.
He's still playing.
How old is he?
He's 23.
I played against him.
Yeah, I know.
I came and saw you.
Yeah, he was in Ontario.
He was playing for Manitoba, correct?
Yeah.
The Manitoba Moose, and I was with the Ontario Reign and him.
You're actually, are you cousins with Chase DeLeo?
No, cousins. So he grew up with my brothers.
This kid, he plays in the American League still?
Handsome.
Oh, he's got all these Instagram girls following him.
He's a handsome fucker.
I bet you he gets it wet quite a bit.
I thought you were going to say this kid's going to be nasty.
No, he's a good little player.
How many goals did he get?
I have no idea.
Yeah, I know.
I know his kill count, but not his hockey DB.
But, yeah, I don't know if he's ever going to make the jump to the NHL.
He played.
Did he get a couple games?
Oh, good for him.
I mean, I don't know if he's going to be a regular.
He's like, no, actually, he's a regular now.
I'll just fuck myself.
He's on the Coyotes.
Well, MC, thank you very much, buddy.
We appreciate you coming in
We got anything else?
But jeez man
We talked forever
What was that?
An hour Mikey?
Oh was it?
You guys already have the clock
You already know
Is there anything
Anything that you wanted to say
Or talk about
Before we wrap things up?
Not to put you on the spot
I mean
Not really
I think that
You know
First thanks for having me
Appreciate that
You know
Like I said I was a little reluctant.
I guess there are some things, like, if I was a fan, like, listening,
sometimes you guys are interviewing guys, like, what was it like, you know,
playing your first game or making it or, like, what would, like,
I remember, like, playing when I was 20 for my first year.
Like, I beat Iserman, likeerman three face-offs in a row.
I was like, holy shit, man.
These are guys that
I grew up watching Iserman sack these guys.
The fourth one, he snaps it back.
I was like, oh, shit.
He looked at me and was like, you're not going to win them all, kid.
I was like, oh, my God.
I didn't mean it like that.
I'm sorry.
He was like, hey, what did you think you were going to get me home? I was like i was like oh my god i didn't mean it like that sorry i'm sorry you know hey what'd you think you were gonna get me home yeah i was like oh i'm sorry that is such
a fucking cool story or like playing against messier i remember that was like he's playing
for the rangers and i'm just like i i think it must have been my second year i was like i i i scored 33 and he's like and i so i won the i won the molson cup
trophy player of the month player of the month which was like i remember going to the orders
games and seeing messi and gretzky win these things every month and so i was playing against
him that night and i mean i was like wow this is so cool like he watched me accept the award
and he was like the biggest face-off guy for me growing up.
Him and Joel Otto used to go back and forth.
And he had a bad shoulder when I played against him,
but nobody knew.
And I saw him in the back, and I was like,
I'm going to go as hard as I can on a face-off against him.
Like, everything I had was, I snapped it back.
But nobody knew he had a bad shoulder but me.
And I was like
yes
you're like
that was easy
he's not even that heavy
on his stick
when he has one shoulder
yeah
hockey night
in Canada
you interview
after you're like
oh man
I was snapping him back
against that
that rookie over there
what's his name
mess
I think though
when I think of you
and we weren't together
that long
but you had fun
every day at the rink
You were always like
You loved the game
He loved being out in practice
Fucking around with guys
You really enjoyed it
I thought
Yeah
I mean
Like I said
We should all be very
Grateful
And very
Lucky to be in this position
I know it's
Some people don't realize
How hard of work it is
You know
We sacrifice a lot
You know
Go out with your buddies at certain ages.
But it's no different than what you guys
are doing now. Even though you're having
fun, it's still a lot of work. People think
it's easy for these guys.
But you don't realize
how much work goes into
preparing yourself, eating properly,
and just doing everything
you have to do to be at that level.
Eating properly? I think I missed that lesson.
All right, man. Well, we thank you so much.
Thanks so much. Thanks for having me.
That interview was also brought to you by Stitch Fix.
Stitch Fix is an online personal styling service that finds and delivers clothes, shoes, and accessories to fit your body, budget, and lifestyle.
Just go to stitchfix.com slash chicklets and tell them your sizes,
what styles you like, and how much you want to spend on each item.
I'm telling you, the site's wicked easy to use.
You'll be paired with your own personal stylist who will handpick items
to send right to your door.
Then you try them on, pay only for what you love, and you return the rest.
Shipping, exchanges, and returns are always free.
You can't beat it.
There's no subscription required. You can sign up to receive scheduled shipments or get your fix whenever you want.
Stitch Fix's styling fee is only 20, which is applied toward anything you keep from your
shipment. Get started now at stitchfix.com slash chiclets, and you'll get an extra 25
off when you keep all the items in your box. that's stitchfix.com slash chicklets to get
started today stitchfix.com slash chicklets thanks again to mc what a guy it was great running into
him and catching up um also you know mc was pretty tough mc would chuck him you're getting
youtube some of his tilts he didn't even pay me money to say this either.
I'm saying it on my own.
But he used to love once in a while getting a tilt and then just telling you how good he did once he dummied someone.
So thanks again.
Look forward to seeing him again soon, hopefully.
R.A., what else is going on in the hockey world?
Yeah, Carm, just to jump on that, Witz, he was a great guy.
Obviously never met him before, but we had a good time going to dinner with him.
Had some laughs with him.
I certainly enjoyed it.
And we actually picked up the tab.
So that probably doesn't happen much with Comrie, that rich bastard.
He tried, though.
You got to give him a shout out.
He grabbed his card.
I'm like, oh, dude, Barstool's got this.
Well, I couldn't even lift it up.
It was one of those, like, platinum black cards that you have to, like,
spend 20K a day to keep or whatever.
It's fucking like a shake weight.
spend 20 20k a day to keep or whatever it's fucking like a shake weight uh actually we're going to send the congratulations out to uh face off wizard antoine vermet he officially retired
uh he played 1046 games or for six teams over 14 season career uh 228 goals 287 assists 515
points total it's a great guy everybody who played with him said he was a hell of a team player.
Again, he was known, I mean, he was on a couple champions,
but he was a face-off whiz.
Biz, you played with him, correct?
I did.
One of the nicest human beings.
I was really upset a few years ago when, obviously, he had a brain fart,
and he ended up hitting Alfonso, the referee, the linesman, off a face-off.
And I think he ended up getting like a five or ten game suspension.
And everybody was like going after him online.
And I'm thinking if people only knew how nice this guy was.
I guarantee you he went over to the ref's room afterward.
I don't really know the whole background and story.
He probably bought him a couple bottles of wine.
Like I guarantee he felt horrible.
He was traded over to Phoenix the year we made our run he came
over from columbus uh he was awesome for us in playoffs that was when we went to the conference
finals of course uh he's had a few runs to the cup and then of course won it with chicago there
uh when he got traded there so an unbelievable guy unbelievable teammate and uh a father to
three daughters so i think he's got another kid on the
way. I actually ran into him at Whole Foods the other day because he's living in Scottsdale. So
big shout out to Antoine Vermette. That guy was an underrated player. I mean, he was way more
skilled than people thought. I remember he was in Binghamton. That lockout, yeah, they had Spezza
and him. It was a joke. But congrats to him. That's an incredible career.
I forgot about when he hit the ref.
That's totally  the way people know him, it was on accident.
Some people may not believe it, but you just know.
Well, he just had a brain fart because he literally didn't like the way
the puck was dropped, and he fucking slashed him.
Yeah, like he didn't  yeah, exactly.
But congrats to him.
Hell of a career. He was a good like he didn't. Yeah, exactly. But, you know, congrats to him. Hell of a career.
He was a good-looking guy, too.
Handsome fella.
Kind of like a Keanu Reeves with the hair.
Way smarter.
I misspoke.
Yeah, I did win one title, like you said, 2015 Blackhawks.
And speaking of the Blackhawks, Elliot Friedman,
he did report that Chicago asked Brent Seabrook to waive his no move clause
he declined to do so however earlier today which is monday uh seabrook uh let's see he refuted the
report that the team approached him about moving his removing his no movement clause from the
contract he said quote i haven't been approached by anyone i don't know where the reports are
coming from end quote uh i don't think elliotman made shit up. I think this is that type sort of subterfuge that goes on between agents and
front offices and players where somebody's lying somewhere.
I don't know if it's Seabrook or his agent or whatever, but you know,
they try to keep this stuff out of the papers.
It gets into the papers or the internet and you know,
somebody's got to deny it. But either way, I don't know if you,
if you're a GM, do you want to make a move for him?
uh either way i don't know if you are a gm do you want to make a move for him biz uh god fuck that's a tough position to put me in ra because i love seeds sorry uh
yeah i mean it's tough i think you're gonna have to send over a probably a first rounder
or or a very good prospect with him
if someone's going to eat that.
I mean, you know, some people aren't crazy about teams doing that.
I work for an organization in order to gain assets,
have taken on salary before.
They've done it with Datsoup.
They did it with Hossa.
And when they took over Hossa, they got Henestrosa,
who's been solid for us, as well as Osterly.
And he's been a solid little puck-moving defenseman.
So, yeah, I mean, it depends on the situation.
But, you know, we've had Steve's on before.
He's such a good teammate and great guy.
The problem is in today's NHL is sometimes if you make too much money
and you can't, you know, produce at that level, you become dead weight and fucking X.
And,
you know,
you're out of the league or,
or you're,
you're playing somewhere where you're getting fucking ripped apart.
Five years left after this year at a cap it just under seven.
So I just don't see who's going to,
I don't know.
You're sending over a first rounder like, like minimum, to take that on.
And I would say  and a solid prospect.
Yeah, I don't know.
I can't see that happening.
I just don't see him getting moved this year, mate.
Either way, it is tough right now.
I mean, the Blackhawks are in  somehow, by the way,
the Blackhawks are like four points out of the playoffs.
It's like
the western conference i was looking today is a joke there's four teams with 51 points that all
have been like brutal part of the year anaheim is is at 51 points i mean we're recording on
tuesday night monday night excuse me anaheim has lost 15 of the last 17 games and they're they're
three points out of the playoffs or whatever it is.
So it's like Chicago could say, we're not out of this.
The whole Western Conference is nuts, besides like three or four real top teams.
And when you talk about Seabrook getting moved,
it's just that contract is just so big and has a lot of length on it too.
But the bottom line is too is he doesn't have to go anywhere if he doesn't want to.
He's got the no trade clause.
So if he doesn't want to move, he doesn't have to.
Now, of course, Chicago always has the option to send them to the minors.
They can say, hey, you don't want to take a trade,
then have fun playing in fucking Rockford for the next couple of years.
So I guess that's a little bit of leverage they have.
I would think if they do eventually trade him,
they're probably going to have to eat some contract, too.
And also, was it Pierre Lebrun also said that Scotty Bowman,
Stan Bowman would be asking Duncan Keith the same to waive his as well.
So I don't know if that's happened yet.
That's a different story.
So question, all right.
You said Elliott Freeman reported the Seabrook situation,
then Pierre Lebrun reported the Keith situation?
No.
Yeah, Elliott Freeman reported the Seabrook,
and then Pierre Lebrun said that Stan Bowman would be asking Duncan Keith
to do the same.
Yes, just to clarify.
And remember, sometimes people deny shit publicly.
Those are two guys that they don't miss really ever.
There might be like one a year they miss on, but I don't know.
Where there's smoke, there's fire.
I trust those two guys.
And also, too, like I was just saying, Biz,
if an agent or a front office guy is giving them information
and it turns out later to not be true, that doesn't mean they were wrong.
They're reporting what's told to them, and sometimes reporters do get used.
Sometimes they don't know they're being used,
and I'm not saying Pierre or Elliot are being used in this case,
but a lot of times they're not wrong.
They're reporting what was told to them.
The information might not be correct as things turn out.
But yeah, these guys, you can trust what they're saying.
Now, again, if they're getting bullshit to them, so be it.
So these Blackhawks, I mean, you think they might want a little bit of help hiring people.
If I was talking to Stan Bowman, I'd be like, dude, reach out to ZipRecruiter.
You know, because hiring can be pretty time consuming, especially when you're looking
for new employees.
You post a job to several online job boards.
You get tons of wrong resumes.
Then you've got to sort through all those wrong resumes just to find the few people with the right skills and experience.
Those job sites that overwhelm you with the wrong resumes, they are not smart.
That's why you should do the smart thing and go to ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets.
Unlike other job sites, ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates for you.
chiclets. Unlike other job sites, ZipRecruiter finds qualified candidates for you. Its powerful matching technology scans thousands of resumes to identify people with the right skills,
education, and experience, and actively invites them to apply to your job so you get qualified
candidates fast. It's no wonder that ZipRecruiter is rated number one by employers in the U.S.
This rating comes from hiring sites on Trustpilot with over 1,000 reviews.
And right now, our listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free at this exclusive web address,
ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets. If you love this show, show your support to it in ZipRecruiter by going to ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Once againlets that's c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s once again that's ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s
uh another big news that popped up the other day took a rash became the winningest goalie
in bruins history with his uh 253rd win he passed tiny thompson with a 1-0 shutout in dc on sunday
bruins ended their 14 game losing streak to the Capitals.
They hadn't beaten them in fucking five years.
It's pretty impressive.
I mean, the franchise is almost 100 years old, the Bruins are.
And Tuka Rask, man, he just passed Tiny Thompson, so hats off to him.
A lot of people don't like him here for whatever fucking reason,
but he's been doing it for quite a while here,
so kudos to Tuka for passing Tiny Thompson.
Yeah, congrats to him. We don't need to dive too much into the boston talk do we we're gonna get
smothered for it uh pat brisson visited ottawa senators to talk about duchesne's contract
um you know i think we talked about it probably about a month month and a half ago i think in
order to keep uh him there uh they're gonna have to over overpay Duchesne, and he's had a great
year. Not saying that he doesn't deserve a lot
of money.
What do you think they're going to have to pay him?
Would you assume like 10,000?
That's a lot.
I know, but they got nothing else.
9,000.
They have nothing else.
I think they pretty much have to choose
if they're going to re-sign Duchesne or stone it seems like it'd be duchesne from i mean that's the the the gist i'm getting
in terms of burson being up there talking contract right trying to get something done i'm guessing
uh mark stone though you know people talk about panarin and and big trade deadline acquisition
mark stone dude that guy that guy's a player, so he's going to make some big money this off season. Now we've talked about, uh, he's not the best skater in the
league. So that maybe that's why Ottawa was kind of leaning a little bit more to towards Dushane.
Uh, he skates better than, than Stone does. So if they're looking at a long-term extension for a
guy, they could choose Dushane, you know, whatever playing different positions obviously matters.
But, uh, Ottawa is going to have to overpay anyone to go there.
That's a fact.
It just remains to be seen if they're willing.
If they're going eight years for Duchesne and he gets 80 million biz,
I don't know, that's a lot of money.
Well, you've got to remember, he's got them by the balls in a sense
where they have nothing else.
Timing is everything.
He's over a point a game right now.
I mean, if he finishes with 85 points, I mean
I don't think he's getting 10 million a year if he gets 85 points.
Okay, sure.
That's fine.
I was just throwing out a number.
Obviously, it's going to be extremely high considering
He's going to be rich.
Well, Tyler Sagan, what did he just get?
And he's just over a point a game.
He just got 10 million.
You know, what do you do?
And, I mean, I don't want to say he had Dallas by the balls.
Obviously, they were going to re-sign him.
But I think Matt Duchesne's in a better situation
where he's more needed in Ottawa.
True, true.
So, I don't know.
I mean, even nine.
I mean, fuck, it's still a boatload of money.
So, I think, you I think congratulations to him.
He's going to get a big ticket, and timing is everything in free agency.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
We had a little TV awkwardness.
Last week's guest, Kendall Coyne Schofield, we had her on the show.
Well, she made her TV debut with Pierre Maguire, I believe it was later that same day.
And, I mean, Pierre's awkward.
He's goofy.
He says some weird things.
But that particular episode
cringeworthy he said he points out Pittsburgh shooting this way Tampa shooting this way
and we're not paying you to be a fan you're an analyst now it was just like so like condescending
whether he meant it to be or not I think he was just being too overwhelming like he was just being
too nice and then later in the show she made a reference to like having a cage on and he's like oh i'll be a cage and it was just like oh go ahead what's up
grinnell i'll play the audio of it now it's been exciting it's overwhelming i'm so excited to join
you here so tampa's gonna be on your left pitchford's gonna be on your right what are you
expecting out of this game we're paying you to be an analyst not to be a fan tonight. So awkward. Holy hawk word.
Jesus Christ.
What is he doing?
Maybe, maybe like, it's not that funny.
It's not, it's just, it is, it is funny.
It is funny.
I'll give him that over here.
And that guy taped his stick with tape, and the puck's black.
Yeah, I mean, she's a two-time Olympian, one gold medal, one silver,
five gold medals in the world championships.
You're telling them which way to shoot.
She's more accomplished of a hockey player than he ever was,
and she's still actively playing.
Imagine the TV if she was like, what are you talking about, buddy?
That would have made it. Like like what are you talking about buddy that's what like
that would have made it like what are you talking about you don't think i know there's pittsburgh
shooting that way here's where i'm going to defend pierre mcguire is although he did come off as
condescending and arrogant and and awkward and all those things like i don't think it came from
a malicious place i don't think he's that person.
He's a good guy.
And obviously it was uncomfortable.
There were a lot of people online laying into him.
Obviously a lot of feminists in that regard.
Yeah, no, I wouldn't even say, not even a feminist thing, Paul.
I think just a woman thing.
I think every woman that watched that clip could relate to it in some way because like you know every woman's probably been taught not probably has been talked down in her life at some point
so i think when they saw that they every woman watching just could relate to that because they
had that something done to them so i think they just they're kind of like yep see see that's the
type of shit yeah yeah and again i agree it wasn't anything malicious i think he was he's known her
she released the statement said i like pia we've been friends for years she kind of backed him up
a little bit i think he just got overexcited and he almost
became like protective of her which again he doesn't need to she's a grown woman she's a
professional hockey player she doesn't need to be protected either so yeah and i agree with that i'm
sure every woman on this planet's dealt with that i can i can sympathize for that i just
like if you know pierre mcgu, he's been around a long time.
He's done a lot of weird shit where you're just kind of like, what?
But that's him.
He's not a mean guy.
He's not a mean guy.
Not at all.
He's just, yeah.
I mean, but you're going to get made fun of for that.
But also, to end this, at the end of the period,
there's a thing that comes on the ice.
It's called the Zamboni.
It makes the ice slick again.
Keep your eye out for it.
We actually had a different scene in Toronto.
What's today?
Monday.
Was it Sunday night that happened?
The Leafs surprised the military wife and kids.
Oh, that's unreal.
They brought out the husband and the father,
the husband slash father for the open and puck drop.
What they did, they brought the family out, and there was another fellow from the military with them.
Then he kind of played dumb. He said, oh, who has the puck? Who has the puck?
And, you know, the players like, oh, we don't have the puck.
And that's when Corporal Jeremy Hilson of the 3rd Royal Canadian Regiment walked out with the puck,
much to the shock of his wife and kids. She was pretty emotional.
Everybody in the audience was pretty emotional, including Mike Babcock.
Just a really nice scene. It was military appreciation
night. It's just a
nice scene we've seen before, but it was pretty cool
to see it play out. Yeah, it was incredible.
Those moments are great, just seeing the
family reunited. Nothing beats it. Also,
shout out to
Babcock. I don't know if you guys caught him giving
Mark Masters. Did you see him
giving him shit about not having his shoes shot?
Yeah, they were tough shoes.
You get those at like Aldo.
Yeah, they're tough.
But he was just getting so  it was pretty funny by Bowie.
He's like, dude, I'll give you the five bucks.
But shout out to Mark Masters, Taylor Hall, and Eberle.
All they used to do is say that I looked like them.
They're like, what's up, Masties?
They just always called me Mark Masters.
I'm still like  I don't know if we look that much alike,
but just how they used to say it and laugh,
I just now, whenever I see him, I start laughing.
And, of course, Masters tweeted out that he got his shoe shined.
I think he made a video, actually, of him shining his money.
Yeah, just fun content, good storyline.
There's people showing some personality.
It's great.
Had a lot of people mention the Flyers.
Yeah, you know what?
The Flyers, they won seven in a row, but the bottom line is there's still seven points back of the playoffs
there's two teams between them teams with games in hand akata hot has been a great story he's
been playing well but i mean we can't sit here and pretend the flies are gonna make a run for
the way well now saying that they've notoriously uh had some late season charges and made runs.
So I'm not counting them out.
That's a very good hockey team.
Obviously, people are surprised with how bad they've been so far.
They're top six.
I wonder if they keep inching closer,
if that's going to change their mind about Wayne Simmons
and whether they're going to trade him or not,
especially considering their goalie's playing good.
He's young.
He could fucking take them on a run.
You just never know, man.
Yeah, so they're winning right now.
It's Monday night.
They're beating Vancouver at home.
This would be eight in a row.
If they got this game, they'd be five points out.
Listen, Buffalo and Carolina are two of the teams in front of them.
Buffalo and Carolina could start losing games.
I mean, Buffalo's struggled a little bit.
Carolina's not doing it.
Three and seven in their last ten, Whit.
And Columbus hasn't been playing great,
so I don't think it's that crazy to think.
I also don't think it'll happen.
R.A., I'm with you, but it's not like there's no chance this happens.
And you also got to remember, I got a little stat for you.
Just remember this from today.
The Flyers would be the first team ever to make the playoffs
after being 16 points out of the final spot at one point during the season
if they ever did get in.
They were 16 points out January 15th,
and right now they could be five if they finish off this game against the Canucks.
So you never know.
I mean, listen, you've seen teams go on insane runs before.
You remember the Hamburglar in Ottawa.
Remember that guy?
Yeah.
He's got free McDonald's for life.
That's my buddy Foley's dream.
I mean, they went on a run.
They were like 23-3 the last 26 games, something wild to sneak in.
So it could happen.
And like Biz said, the Flyers actually have some stud players
that could really put a  not a comeback, but put a run like this together.
Yeah, I mean, this hot streak, eventually it's going to come to an end.
And when it does, there's still going to be several points back.
And I don't know.
I just don't see it happening.
Wow, you're being a little negative about it, R.A.
No, he hates Philly because they beat the Bruins that year down 0-3.
That's hilarious.
We're saying I hate fucking Philly.
That's fucking classic.
No, hey, I'd love to see Philly get in.
Oh, Ray, that's the funniest thing you've ever heard.
Could you put his reaction up on our Instagram there?
I've never seen you laugh that hard unless it was a Simpsons joke
and it was your own.
No, I'm not even baked either.
No, I would love to see Philly in the playoffs.
I think the playoffs are more fun with them in it.
I just don't think they're going to have enough oomph to get in there.
So before we finish up, a little gambling corner action.
I've been struggling with the Pucks.
Well, we can go towards the direction of money,
but let's talk about that player signing a contract on the ice in Sweden
before the game, and Grinelli is going to help us out with
hopefully you can read his name off.
Okay,
boy.
So Joaquin Nygaard of Ferristar BK of the Swedish hockey league,
uh,
signed a contract on Thursday night,
uh,
before a full house,
uh,
the 26 year old signed a three year deal.
The team team was right before puck drop,
right before puck crap.
They signed the 26 year old to a contract extension in front. The team won. Right before Puck Trap. Right before Puck Trap, they signed the 26-year-old
to a contract extension
in front of the whole crowd.
They dimmed the lights
and they had a spotlight
shined right on him.
The owner or GM
came out on the microphone
and said why they wanted
to re-sign him.
He skated over.
Everyone was clapping.
The fans, both teams,
were out there
and he signed his deal
in front of everyone.
Have you guys ever seen
anything like that?
No.
Imagine if I did this
in Edmonton.
The lights go dark, and all of a sudden,
I just get a bullet through my neck.
No!
No!
Right before I signed it, so I never even got the money
because I didn't sign it.
The fact that this happened is cool, though.
I mean, obviously, the guy, they love the guy.
I mean, to be re-signing him in public like that,
he's got to be the most loved player they've ever had.
I think that NHL should implement like WWE shit like that
where they require players signing contracts
that are longer than a certain length in season,
that they have to do that on the ice.
Like, let's fucking get going here.
Like, Europe has figured it out.
They do some silly shit over there, and I'm down with it.
Maybe not so much Russia, but more so
Europe. They'll change the contract
at the last second. Ah, you asshole, you just
signed with Edmonton. Vince McMahon
comes down and puts a chair over your back.
Ha ha!
I think
if Austin Matthews ever re-signed
an extension in the middle of the season...
Yeah, with the Coyotes as an offer sheet.
Tampering! How are you? Yeah, with the Coyotes as an offer sheet. Tampering.
How are you?
Yeah, I like that.
I like that.
I respected that move over in the Swedish Hockey League.
I spent a cup of coffee there.
Speaking of desert biz, before we get to the corner,
you've been busy out there at Neck of the Woods the last week or so, eh?
Weekend in Scottsdale.
Well, I got back from that All-Star weekend.
Then I had to do the, what is it called?
The Curtain of Distraction at the ASU
U of A basketball
game, which by the way, I'd
never been to a college basketball game
of that magnitude.
It was fucking insane. These
fans are into it
the entire game. And I've been to
an NBA game
and other than the, other than like
the halftime shows and all that, like it's, it's no, it's not that much exciting. I, uh, I did the
curtain of distraction, uh, you know, with, uh, with Jason Demers, he's always a funny guy. Uh,
I was, I was nervous. There's a lot of people there, great atmosphere at those college basketball
games. Uh, when we did it, the guy went four for four.
So we did the same guy twice.
And this guy, we didn't distract him one bit.
But I got to put on a tutu and have a shake weight, create some content.
You were loving it, Mikey.
More importantly, I went to the Phoenix Open.
Went there a couple days.
I'm off the pistol.
So I was just hitting the pen hard having a
good time and the waste management open right there's just for our listeners it's the waste
management open right yeah it used to be the phoenix open yeah it used to be the phoenix open
waste management open it's probably the biggest party as far as a golf tournament on the pga is
it the best one with oh yeah it's famous for the 16th hole.
Everybody pretty much knows what I'm talking about.
Well, you know, I'm recently single, so I use those types of things in order
to go there and meet women that I would potentially bring on dates.
Like I kind of stock up on numbers.
Slash thump?
What's that?
Slash thump?
I mean, I was trying to be a little more discreet about it.
You're saying you go to the Wasteland, which to me,
grows your date.
It's one of the funniest things I've ever heard.
Okay, so I'll be less discreet about it.
My goal there is because I don't go out a lot.
I don't drink much when I'm living in Scottsdale.
I'm just working.
I try to entertain our fans so
my goal is is you're in a social setting where you're going to see them in daylight and you're
going to know if they're naturally beautiful and in person and my goal literally was to collect a
lot of numbers so that way I've stocked up for the next two months I'm going to be around town
I could you know go for coffee with one, maybe have one over to watch The Bachelor
so I can do the Coyote's Bachelor report.
Anyway, so I go there on Saturday, and things are going well.
Stella got her groove back, and I am buzzing.
Well, I ended up getting a total of seven numbers.
I'd say that's a pretty good day of attractive women.
Now, a couple funny side stories about getting these numbers. I'd say that's a pretty good day of attractive women. Now, a couple of funny side
stories about getting these numbers. So at one point I'd already gotten like two, I meet the
third one, a little older, short, dark hair, sex, very sexy. So I start chatting her up, get her
number. And my buddy who I was there with fucking handsome, but we would separate a little bit. He
would go chat and stuff with people like significantly more handsome than me not very hard well he walks by and she goes oh
my god she goes i matched with that guy on bumble last week and i'm like oh like that guy and she's
like yeah i'm like oh that's my buddy and she's like oh so i was like oh fuck like he's here she
obviously wants him more than me so like i i literally go to her Hey, I said like, if you want to go with him,
no hard feelings,
like,
but just like you had to pick one.
I'm not here to waste my fucking time.
I'm here to obviously get as many numbers as possible.
You're number three today.
So she goes back to him.
He ended up really not wanting anything to do with her because he had other
things going on and she tried to come back and I'm like,
nah,
nah,
nah,
nah,
nah,
nah.
I gave you the fucking i
gave you the fork in the road and i no hard feelings and i knew you were gonna pick him
that's cool but you're not coming back so that was number one so a little later about an hour
hour and a half later i meet this blonde one super attractive um you know i was more excited
about her than i was about the brunette. We're, we're chatting.
I ended up getting her number.
I'm making her laugh.
I got my shit.
My,
the same motherfucking buddy.
She goes,
Oh my God.
I matched with that guy on bubble last week.
We're actually supposed to meet here today.
I said,
that guy right there.
She goes,
yeah,
I go,
I go home.
I go,
Oh my God.
I was like,
motherfucker.
What were you with?
Bugsy?
No,
I was with my buddy,
Joey Superstein.
This guy is, is handsome, sexy eyes. And she goes to me, God, this fucking motherfucker. What were you with, Bugsy? No, I was with my buddy Joey Superstein. This guy is handsome, sexy eyes.
And she goes to me, he's not that handsome.
I kind of just like his eyes.
And I'm like, I literally go, lady, come on.
I said, he's way better looking than me.
I said, let's go over and talk to him.
So we went over and talked to him.
And they're kind of playing tummy sticks.
I'm like, listen, just tell me right now.
If you're more interested in him than you are me, just let me know.
And he's very laissez-faire and she's kind of like, oh, whoa.
And she's kind of like, oh, you're being a little crazy.
I'm like, no, I'm not.
I'm just extremely blunt.
So that made that situation weird.
But now that's the second time that happened.
Now, at this point, I have six numbers.
I'm happy.
I'm content. Mark Garrick's kicking
and uh there was a group of girls from Chicago there that my buddy and his other buddies knew
and there was this one girl that came and joined us at the the bird's nest so this is after the
golf tournament she shows up deck to the nine she's hot she's real hot and I'll always give
it up I'm not playing hard to get guy I'm like cool but she's kind of a bitch so me my buddy the handsome one another guy are you know we're
cranking out to martin garrix and there's not much space up front while these girls come strolling in
and the fucking peacock the you know the the hot one that just showed up gets right in front of my buddy's friend and turns around and goes, who are you?
Oh,
dude,
out of my,
I fucking lose my mind.
I said,
are you fucking kidding me?
I said,
you think you have the right to see that to someone?
I said,
you entitled.
I think I might even drop the cunt word on her.
And then her friends,
whoa,
whoa,
you're like,
you're being aggressive.
I'm like,
no, I'm like, could you imagine a human being saying that to another human being
when you've literally just weaseled in and stolen his spot not only do you steal a spot you turn
around and give him that it kind of ruined my mood i went i went to the bar to grab another
i love an adam levine giving it to her yeah with the big potato on his face so my buddies were like dude we're
100 behind you on that one like that was fucking ridiculous well an hour goes by and the party
kind of came inside into this back vip room i'm at the bar grabbing another water and she comes
strolling over and she's like hey i just want to apologize about all that i was like listen i said
i don't hold grudges obviously i was defending my friend there and long story short i got her number seven baby i'm like the fucking
i dropped the c-bomb on her for being a c-bomb oh dude she was probably loving it when you were
just screaming at her well the moral of the story the story is when girls act like that, call them out.
Fuck that.
And if you're a guy and you act like that, which if you listen to this podcast,
you don't because all of our listeners are pretty down to earth,
but fucking call them out because that was a bullshit statement,
and I'm happy I did, and I would always call them out in that situation.
Go ahead, Ari.
Biz, what are you going to do the first time
you're out talking to a chick and she points to a guy
and says, hey, I matched with him on Raya
and it's Grinnelli.
I'm going to say, listen,
I might not be better looking than Joey Superstein.
I'm going to say,
I know I'm not better looking than Joey Superstein,
but if you leave me for that fucking guy,
I'm going to delete my riot.
No, I'll tell you right now.
Grinnelli, we're going to be in New York City,
and Busy Grinnelli is going to go out.
Grinnelli is going to meet girls from riot,
and they're just going to immediately want Biz,
and Grinnelli is going to be like, this app sucks.
Yeah, yeah.
I need riot lessons.
Can you give me riot lessons, Biz?
You gave them to the Kings.
I think I deserve some riot lessons.
Yeah, just put pictures of someone else on there.
Yeah, yeah. Just put a picture of
Adam Levine on there with that
awful tank top he was wearing.
Yes, yes.
I will help you out. And that
app is unbelievable. And listen,
they're getting numbers. That's not a
humble brag, even though I got seven on a
big deal.
It's more just I need to get my
I need to get laid. Dude, you're
stocking up. You're smart. You're like a bear
that goes out and gets a bunch of food before
I went to Costco
for women at the Phoenix Open.
Just got it and got
them in bulk.
I miss those days.
You never had those days
on that. Let's go.
Get the fuck out of here, come on i love it i love it
off dude ask around ask around with dog i'll go down to vfw one other quick little note that i
jotted down my phone we have this other buddy the other buddy is is a like a christian kid he
grew up in a very christian family but he's but he's like us and his family has no fucking clue
and uh at at one of these parties we were at at the phoenix open back that ass up came on and this
church kid goes oh this is such a good between brunch and or between church and brunch song in
the car i said what pardon he goes oh i drive separate separately with my parents to church
so he puts like that like like gangster rap on between his his church time and going to meet
his parents afterward for brunch like he said that and i'm looking at joey my buddy i go this
this guy's out of control like he's like us and he's he's living a double life this guy his parents if he told his
parents he had sex with a random girl they'd probably chop his dick off and send him away
to some boarding school at 30 years old oh jesus christ i know he's living a double intended
yeah yeah so i thought it was funny he was like oh man he was back that ass up you're like woody
harrelson and he's like the Amish guy from,
what's that movie?
Kingpin.
Oh, Kingpin.
Yeah, Kingpin.
What a flick that is.
I'm finally above the law.
He's like, oh, this is such a good between church and brunch song.
What else is going on?
We're recording in two days, so we're coming back at you quick this week.
Yeah, quick turnaround.
Thank you, everyone, for understanding.
We didn't want to do anything yesterday.
I was in no position or no shape to be recording a podcast last night.
Yeah, definitely.
We would have been distracted, or you would have been waffled in your case,
but definitely better off waiting for a day.
Listen, I'm going to pull a gambling corner up right now.
I've been terrible.
Thank Christ for the NFL and the Celtics because my puck plays haven't been good lately. Before we
get to the gambling corner, I just want to talk to you about 23andMe for a sec. We live in a world
where we have access to data that gives us more personal insights into who we are. What's more
personalized than your DNA? Now you can turn to our genetics for personalized health and wellness
information. And 23andMe allows you to go beyond ancestry to access more personalized insights about your DNA.
And with more than 125 genetic reports, you can even gain insights about your health.
Now, me personally, I did 23andMe.
I love the ethnicity breakdown.
I found out where all my ancestors are from.
Like I said, 150 parts of the planet.
They tell you where they're from.
Also gives you, like we just said, the deep sleep report, the alcohol flush reaction,
sweet versus salty taste, all these things about your body you didn't even know about.
It's so simple. You give your DNA, you spit in the tube, you send it off to 23andMe,
they examine it, and they get back to you with the report. You can't beat it. A 23andMe health
and ancestry kit is the perfect gift for Valentine's Day, too. Buy your kit today at 23andMe.com slash chicklets.
That's the number 23andMe.com slash chicklets.
Again, that's 23andMe.com slash chicklets.
I had Calgary Sunday, had a 4-2 lead, ended up fucking blowing it.
It was a Carolina, pulled the goalie, cost me my puck line. So listen, if you
want to tail me, great, but if you go
the other way, I won't take it personal.
Let's see.
Wednesday night, Bruins are down
Madison Square Garden.
They've had the Rangers number.
It's his birthday. Not a big deal.
How old are you going to be, guy?
26. The big 2-6.
I'm on the late side of 30.
I'm closer to 30 now than 20, so I'm kind of freaking out.
Yeah, that's a tough look.
I know.
Yeah, you're going to blink.
You're going to blink and be my age.
You know what?
26 and 25 are actually a huge difference.
They're big.
It's big.
I'm nervous.
I'm nervous for this one.
Yeah, you got it.
Anyways, Wednesday, Bruins are at MSG.
They've had the Rangers number for the better part of the last couple of years.
I'm not sure if Halak or Rask is going to be in, but either way,
I like the Bruins for a money line, for a unit.
Shouldn't be too bad of a price because they're on the road.
Also take the puck line for a half unit.
Again, that's Wednesday.
And the Jets are on fire lately.
Winnipeg, they're just stomping teams, putting fucking points up like mad,
scoring like crazy. San Jose is. Winnipeg, they're just stomping teams, putting fucking points up like mad, scoring like crazy.
San Jose is in Winnipeg Tuesday night, and I like Winnipeg to blow them out.
I like the Jets on the puck line for a unit.
So Winnipeg puck line Tuesday night, Bruins money line Wednesday night
for a unit, and puck line for a half unit.
Good luck.
Happy gaming.
And last thing I think we should mention is the fact that we have one more interview to go
before we hit all the all-stars we're going to start that on monday of next week uh we have
seven awesome interviews with guys that we got out in uh on the west coast trip and then with the
guys that were with us we did some individual interviews and we're going to roll those out
after all the all-stars so stay patient
we're going to have a full month of awesome content all the videos will roll out with that
and and for those of you who keep bitching about the fact that we don't release the videos
on youtube of the entire interview we have to keep our sponsors happy through the podcast they will
roll out eventually and also grinnell you can in here. It's a little difficult to cut because sometimes if something gets messed up,
you have to start back over or redo something. So it doesn't flow perfectly necessarily. So you have
to spend a little time editing it. Yeah. Just keep an eye out in general for all the video content
that we have coming. I mean, we're going to unleash just a whole new video strategy on how we've been doing everything. And that starts with the YouTube
channel that we'll be starting in the upcoming week. So, uh, from interviews, video interviews,
we'll be posting stuff there. We'll be posting a lot of funny content that biz does the stuff
from California. We have a lot of good stuff coming. So just, just keep an eye out for it and
be patient with us. Yeah. If you've got a favorite All-Star
you're waiting on, don't worry. We're going to get to him.
He's coming. Everybody's got to wait
their turn, basically. But it's all good
and it's going to be coming soon.
Alright, boys. Great talking to you.
Have a great weekend, all.
I'm going to tell you a story.
I'm going to tell you about my town.
I'm going to tell you a big I'm gonna tell you about my town I'm gonna tell you a big fat story baby
it's all about my town
yeah down by the
river
down by the banks
of the river Charles
oh that's what's happening
baby
that's where you'll find The River Charles Well, I love that dirty water.
Oh, Boston, you're my home.
You're the number one place.
Frustrated women.
I mean, the frustrated have to be in my world.
