Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 149 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's go say hello to everybody this fine Sunday.
Let's start off way out west with our buddy Paul Bissonnette,
a.k.a. Biz Nasty.
What's up? Good morning, sunshine.
What's up, boys?
Did you have a late one last night? I was kind of douchey.
I was trying to do something new there. Fuck me.
That's all right.
Let's go to our next guy,
Brian Whitney, our other co-host.
Where are you these days? Are you close to Boston?
Are you on the road or what?
What up, what up? No, I'm in Boston.
I'm going back to NHL Network tomorrow.
Nice little dinner with some friends last night. I was reminded of
a very funny story at the end of the episode.
Remind me to tell it, Grinnelli.
Just involving two of my buddies.
Has nothing to do with hockey, but I was just,
I had forgot this story and was
crying laughing.
And you just mentioned Grinnelli, our producer. What's up, Mikey?
How you doing today? Boys,
there's a new wagon in town,
and we're selling some awesome shirts.
Those shirts are gorgeous.
How are those things selling?
Oh, they're flying off the shelves.
It's really funny because for people who don't know what we're talking about,
we released another wagon shirt for the Islanders
because the last wagon shirt for the Sabres worked out so well for them.
And the Islanders haven't slowed down.
We haven't been able to jinx them.
But what's funny about the shirts is that they win and we sell shirts, or they lose
and Frankie Borelli's a miserable fuck.
So either way, it's a win-win.
What a win-win for us.
It doesn't get any better.
No.
People talk about the Grinnelli curse.
Hopefully the Islanders keep rolling along.
So Grinnelli doesn't curse yet another team like he did with the Sabres.
Boys, right after we recorded last episode,
our friend of the program, Ryan Boyle, was traded.
He had signed a two-year deal with the Devils before last season.
Well, they sent him to Nashville for a 2019 second rounder.
He's in the final year of his two-year deal, 2.55 AAV.
So, you know, no surprise.
Veterans on expiring deals getting traded.
Did you expect him to go to Nashville, Wiz?
Wiz.
Wits?
That's a dangerous combo.
Or that was worse than my intro.
No, listen, I pretty much thought it was a done deal.
Boiler was going to get traded.
I didn't really think of Nashville, but, you know, once it happened,
it made a ton of sense.
I think that to have a big body like that,
and also with Autzen Watson, with his uncertain
future, kind of what's going on with his situation, they needed a big body that can PK,
that can play in front of them on the power play. And, you know, talking to Bri a little bit,
I think part of him didn't really want to get traded. He's been through a lot in New Jersey.
His family likes it. You know, they had a great year last year and you know, the battles he's had,
but still once you get traded, it's always tough.
But I think once he gets down there and realizes how close that team is
and how much of a legit chance they have for a cup,
this is a guy who's lost in two different finals too with the Rangers
and the Lightning.
So I think he's going to make a huge difference.
And the same day they grabbed Cody McLeod, another big banger,
a little different than Boyle because he's just so physical.
He fights a lot.
Tough, tough bastard.
Jesus, we talked about him.
But still, it's a good deal for Nashville,
and it's not surprising to kind of see this all get put in motion.
I think last year we saw pretty much all the trades happen before the deadline.
It could be the case again this year.
Yeah, I think they didn't want to miss out on him.
A big reason, I would assume, is just probably the thing they're going to meet,
Winnipeg, in the second round.
Yeah, it's already a done deal.
What do you mean?
It just feels like no matter what, those teams are playing each other in the second round.
Yeah, I mean, it's inevitable.
They just needed to add some size.
People are comparing this trade to the Gostad trade that Poyle made as well.
Gostad was traded for a first-rounder. And Gostad was traded for a first rounder.
They ended up getting Boyle for a second.
Very, very comparable stats.
People think it's a little bit of an overpayment.
But hey, I mean, I think that it was a deal made this early because Poyle was worried
about him maybe getting traded somewhere else.
So I don't mind the trade at all.
Beefs him up and
adds a little bit of depth down the middle for a guy who has tons of playoff experience
and unless you're kind of living under a rock you're well aware that the trades start happening
earlier because it's just a trend that actually jim rutherford in pittsburgh's always been kind of
i don't want to say famous for it but known for getting guys a couple weeks two three maybe even
a month before the deadline.
That way, by the time the playoffs come, you're totally settled in.
You're totally comfortable.
Whereas sometimes, I mean, you get traded at 3 o'clock on the deadline.
All of a sudden, playoffs come pretty quick.
I mean, you know, it's like, what is it, 15 games left, 20 games left sometimes.
So the earlier you get a guy to where you want him to be in terms of trying
to make a cup run and a team be coming together, the better off you are and and that's kind of the new trend in the league uh one one
more point here when i when i talked about the goss that points per uh 60 minutes five on five
goss that was at 1.18 um uh boyle is right now at five on five points per 60 minutes 1.07 so
in fact goss said uh numbers were a little bit better.
So that seems to be the comparison.
I think it's a pretty accurate one for a depth center iceman.
Yeah.
That's a good point.
It gives him a little more time to gel with his new teammates.
And plus depth, he can never have too much depth come playoff time.
And like I said, Boyle is a utility guy.
He can play kind of up and down the lineup.
He's got that veteran leadership, having been to two cups.
So, you know, good luck to Boyle right now in guy. He can play kind of up and down the lineup. He's got that veteran leadership, having been to two cups. So, you know, good luck to Boyle in Nashville.
He should have a good run there.
Another trade that happened, Flyers and Canadians made, you know,
a somewhat minor deal, not a huge one.
Philly sent forward Dale Weiss and defenseman Christian Follin to Montreal
for forward Byron, I think you say, Fries, and defenseman Dave Shlemko.
And one other trade, too, the Preds also reacquired a tough guy, Cody McLeod,
from the Rangers for a seventh-round pick.
He's on his final year of a one-year deal.
And speaking of guys who punch people in the face for a living,
how about fucking our boy Tom Wilson, man, the fight with Ian Cole?
I mean, Cole hit Kuznetsov.
Borderline hit.
Some people thought it was dirty.
I thought it was on the line.
And a lot of times we see guys defending teammates after a hit that was
perfectly clean and we all kind of shrug our shoulders,
but this was a time it was probably warranted.
Biz, man, is that the worst beating we're going to see in the NHL this year,
though?
Yeah, you don't see many like that anymore.
Good scrap.
Cole's a pretty strong guy.
And obviously Wilson being probably the second toughest guy in the league
nowadays behind uh behind our boy Revo he uh he laid it to him uh Cole stood in there though
it was a good spirited scrap and uh I don't mind when they're organic like that and a good job by
Wilson for sticking up for his teammate I like when guys when they hit guys like what Cole did
and they'll answer the bell it was you know it a borderline hit, and as long as you're willing to drop the gloves
and stand up for yourself and not chicken away and hide behind the rules,
I'm down with that.
Biz, have you ever taken a beating that bad where it was just so
that was one of the most one-sided fights I've ever seen.
Have you ever been on the other end of that?
Yeah, I've gotten beat up plenty.
I mean, the revo slam i would
say the revo slam on me when he was in st louis when he when he fucking put me through the earth's
crust uh i would say yeah that was one of the worst ones i've had some other ones in the minors
there's some me against nasty marasti it's funny we share the same nickname john marasti played for
the syracuse crunch and he he used to
beat the fucking wheels off me it was like punching a bowling ball and uh he actually
broke my nose one fight and if you can go on youtube and listen to it the announcer for the
crunch is all over me because because because when he broke my nose my eyes watered and i was
leaking and i couldn't see so i kind of just put head down, and I was calling in for the refs
because I wasn't going to keep getting slaughtered.
And, you know, my eyes watered.
I'm not the guy who normally calls in the ref unless something's wrong.
And that wasn't good based on what the fucking announcer for The Crunch
had to say about it.
You've broken your nose?
Yeah, a couple times, yeah.
Oh, no shit.
Couldn't tell
hey that fight um a lot of people yeah i mean like cornelli just said like huge beat down one-sided
i mean dude that's gonna happen wilson's a bigger guy than cole he's taught you know he fights more
often um yeah i mean no one likes to see you catch your beating but you got to give cole credit like
biz said stepping up to you know to fight a guy after you know, all right, I just laid a guy out.
And here's the thing.
Here's so many people now get furious about when a clean hit.
Now, I'm not saying that was clean, but a clean hit on somebody results in a fight.
It doesn't matter if it's the cleanest hit in the world.
If you hit Kuznetsov or if you hit Backstrom or Crosby, it doesn't matter.
If you run someone over clean or not, you're probably going to get jumped.
And if you don't, that's the issue.
Sometimes people say in Edmonton that's the issue,
that McDavid takes too many hits and nobody really has to pay for it.
But still, Cole kind of stepped up and took a beating.
I mean, he took it like a man.
Wilson's an animal.
So the fact that that fight actually got that much talk,
and I agree with you, Biz, organic-wise, I mean, that's when fights are still a part of the game.
They always will be.
And I don't have any problem with that whatsoever.
Yeah, definitely one of the fucking more one-sided scraps.
Yeah, full credit to Cole for showing up, man.
It's not an easy thing to do to step in against a guy like Wilson.
And now you're just like, oh, fuck.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, shit.
Fucking wish I banged in today.
Me and my, my, imagine what we could sell.
If we could get my brain when Jackman was coming at me before I went headless,
I was just like, oh, fuck.
By the time he's even like has my Jersey over my ears.
I was just like, I don't even, I was in a, in a black state.
Had you had your mic'd up would have been nice.
You just said someone about sharing nicknames.
Did you notice the Jordan Bennington, the St. Louis
goaltender, have you noticed his Twitter handle?
Yeah, he's a
great kid and a guy who's been on a nice little
run here and that's St. Louis
team. I mean, do you want to talk about that right now?
What's his Twitter?
It's Ben Nasty.
Little homage.
Actually, before we get to the Blues,
once again, we always mention it late.
We're bringing Scotty Upshaw on.
We're going to be bringing that handsome son of a bitch on a little later for the interview we did out in Venice.
I'm still starstruck.
That's what he called it, smitten from that interview, man.
He's a handsome, strong bitch.
Starstruck.
But yeah, Biz, the St. Louis Blues, man.
They're a hot team.
I think we pronounced them dead not too long ago on this show, a couple of us.
And then, lo and behold, you wake up today on Sunday,
and there they are in the eighth seed playoff spot out west, man.
How'd that happen, Biz?
Well, I'll say this.
They played the Coyotes in Arizona earlier in the season.
I think the Coyotes beat them 6-0.
They looked fucking awful.
I remember that.
They looked big.
They looked slow.
They couldn't put a string of passes together.
I was like, holy shit, man. I felt bad bad for them and they seem to have figured things out obviously uh bennington's
been playing out of his mind uh they've been on a nice little run you can get more into the numbers
they just had their dad's trip actually as well um they went down to tampa bay they had a big
one nothing win against uh i would say the hands down the best team in the league right now.
Tampa Bay's hit 40 wins in 55 games.
So they are in a wild card position.
I thought no way that was happening.
I thought they were going to be up for a lottery pick.
So why don't we get into some who's hot, who's not.
I mean, and we can start with the West, and that's definitely a team, R.A.
Yo, boys, before we go any further,
I just want to talk to
you for a minute about Roman. You know, guys, we don't like to talk about certain things and
sometimes ED is one of those things that happens with guys. We get a little older and, you know,
studies show that 52 of guys will experience it, ED, erectile dysfunction. A lot of guys think
it's not me. I'm not that old, but it doesn't matter, man. It can hit anybody and it's, again,
something not everyone wants to talk about, but we're comfortable here in Chicklets and we want you to talk about it
because we want to help you out. Enrollment is a one-stop shop for men's health. They have their
own licensed physicians and certified pharmacies across the country, which means the whole process
is quick and painless. This stuff is great, guys. It's a home delivery, discreet packaging,
online, everything. You don't have to go to the doctor's office, no sign-in, no blue cards,
no nurses, none of that stuff.
It's simple.
If you're experiencing ED, go online and get checked by the doctor.
I know it can be tough to talk about, like I said, but with Roman, it's easy, anonymous,
and only takes a few minutes to get started.
To waive Roman's usual online visit fee, visit GetRoman.com slash chicklets or click the link
in the description box below.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets or click the link in the description box below.
That's get roman.com slash chicklets for your free online visit.
Yeah. St. Louis obviously is a team that's been hot, but dude,
the Blackhawks and other team that I probably pronounced them dead. I'm sure I know chief did a buddy Boston chief in the Chicago under things,
but they've been on fire as well. Patrick Kane, we mentioned him last episode.
He's been on an absolute tear, but again, you peek at the standings.
They've won six in a row, and they're only four points out of a fucking
playoff spot.
They still got a couple teams, three teams between them in the playoffs.
Excuse me.
Three teams between them in the last seed.
Corey Crawford's practicing.
If they get him back, you got to think that's going to have an effect
on the lineup, Wits, no?
Yeah, definitely.
Shout out to Jonathan Taves.
I don't know if you caught his OT winner against, I believe it was Vancouver.
Oh, my God.
That was sick.
Just dangling the entire team, basically.
But, yeah, I mean, like, nobody really saw this.
Nobody would have guessed it.
I mean, there was times when Chicago looked horrendous.
And, actually, bringing up St. Louis and Chicago, the main man behind me being a stat guy, Brendan Crossman,
I brought him up before, sends me over this one.
Sends me over this one.
Hey, Whit, heard you guys talking a lot about the Blues and the Blackhawks
and also the Flyers.
How about this stat for you?
The Blues are one of three teams currently either occupying a playoff spot
or within six points of one that have sat in last place in the entire league
in the 2019 calendar year.
St. Louis was in last place overall through games on January 2nd,
while the Flyers, January 9th and 12th to 13th were in last place,
and the Blackhawks, that's why I got to this, January 17th to 19th,
all spent time as the 31 seed,
the number one 31 seed, the last fucking place team in the league.
And listen, in the expansion era,
only six teams have made the playoffs after occupying last place in the league
after their 20th game of the season.
77 North Stars, 80 Oilers, 83 Maple Leafs, 88 Kings,
88 Maple Leafs, and the 97 Senators.
So the fact that those three teams, and Chicago being the one you just brought up,
have all been in last place in 2019, and there's a chance of them getting in,
all of them, that probably won't happen, but maybe two of them do, if not one.
It's just crazy to see the parity in the league and the fact that these teams
were able to turn it around.
Yeah, they're both on good runs right now.
7-2-1 for St. Louis in their last 10.
Five wins in a row going to Chicago.
They have six wins in a row, and they're 6-2-2 in their last 10.
And both teams looking very good right now.
And you guys said Crawford's coming back.
Hey, Chicago's one of those teams,
if they can sneak into that eighth seed in the West,
I see them going on a little run,
maybe like LA did that one year
when they ended up taking off.
Who'd they beat?
Vancouver in the first round.
I think they beat them in five games in Vancouver.
I think they won the President's Trophy that year.
So don't count them out.
Chicago was hitting the panic button.
They wanted Stan Bowman's head on a fucking platter. And then we had
him on. And then, Chicklets bump. How are you?
Keep the change. I don't even think it was then.
It was like a couple months later. Chicklets
didn't do shit this time. Well, I know.
It just took a little while to kick in.
A little delayed bump.
Another team out west.
It's a ketamine bump.
They probably
have been overshadowed by Calgary a little bit.
But San Jose, they've won five in a row.
They're just a point back on the West lead.
And there's one huge reason why that's happened.
And it's Brent Burns, man.
You know, it's his fifth straight 60-point season.
It's tied for the sixth longest streak by a defenseman in NHL history.
A couple guys named Coffey, Bork, Housley, McInnes, and Ward.
Not sure if you've heard of them,
but that's the company he's joined.
Joe Thornton also had two helpers Saturday night.
Ty Gordie Howe for the ninth most in NHL history.
Biz, man, what more can you say about this run by San Jose
and Brent Burns, how much of a wagon he is personally?
Well, Joe Thornton said it best the other day.
He was asked about the team, and he just said,
you know what, if one night it's Evander Kane
getting it done for the boys, the next night it's Pavelski, and he goes said, you know what, if one night it's Evander Kane getting it done for the boys,
the next night it's Pavelski, and he goes,
that's just the way things work around here.
Guys elevate their game at big times in order to keep this team winning.
And, you know, Evander Kane, I just mentioned him,
the last 10 games, four goals, six assists,
so he's starting to heat up too.
Just a great team, great leadership um you know their
goaltending's been better it was struggling a bit at the start of the season and they've been
beating some good teams here lately uh i would definitely look out for them and and that's a team
but you know obviously they've gotten stronger by adding carlson i i'd assume that they sign him
uh before he hits free agency but you know thor know, Thornton's not going to be around much longer,
and that's a big voice and leader in your locker room.
So I'm not sure how big their window is here.
Obviously, they still have a lot of good bodies in that locker room.
But, you know, I'd expect that they need to get this thing done
in the next couple years.
And if not, I don't know.
I don't know how
it's going to look um the organization's so successful because every year it seems like
their team's good it's really outstanding job by doug wilson out there and how every year that
they're competing quickly before um i get to my shark's pick i forgot to mention or my shark's uh
opinion i forgot to mention the blackhawk shout out to Debrinket because holy fuck, 28 goals just
under a point per game. He's one of the major reasons
too and we haven't really mentioned him. In terms
of the Sharks, dude, we talked depth.
We talked depth. You said it about Boyle to
Nashville. They got eight guys with 30 or
more points and then they got two guys
with 29. So, I mean,
basically 10 guys with over 30
points at this point in the year and with
you saying Thornton's quotes involving one you know, one night it's Kane,
one night it's Pavelski biz.
Last night it's Kevin LeBanc.
I don't know if you know much about him, but, I mean, he had a hat trick,
his first hat trick against Edmonton.
A couple sick shots.
They buried Edmonton at home.
Jesus, who isn't?
But, I mean, the fact that they have these guys coming every night,
and Kane's been great.
He gave his numbers.
But then LeBanc shows up.
They got Jonas Donskoy.
He can score.
He's got 14 goals.
So, I mean, you just look at the entire lineup.
And one reason that they continue to be successful every year is they draft well.
They get guys from lower rounds.
And you look at, you know, Thomas Hurdle.
Dude, look at the fucking step he's taken this year.
I mean, this is a guy that was kind of like you were waiting for him to break out.
You know, he had 20 goals his second year or, you know, his third year,
and then, you know, goes back down to 10 and gets 20, you know, over 20 last year.
And then this year, he already set his career high.
He's got 51 points in 51 games, and he was a first-rounder in 2012.
So it's taken quite a while, but they didn't give up on him,
and you're now kind of reaping the benefits of really sticking with sticking with a guy that, that shows promise, but maybe, you know,
some teams would trade because he hasn't lit it up in his first three or four years. So it's a
great team. It's a team that's going to be there for the Stanley cup at the, you know, at least in
the, in the playoffs, they're going to be a tough out if they can't get to the, you know, the cup
finals. And, and I'm going to be enjoying watching them. I think it's the same way everyone rooted
for Ovechkin who wouldn't love to see big joe get one once again whitney always great points
that you bring up with the sharks there and now let's not forget about of course let's not forget
about the east though uh some teams have been on fire there we mentioned at the top of the show
the islanders man uh this is a squad nobody had doing much of anything they lost to virus
had some uh overhaul in the front office Teams didn't really have them doing anything. And here they are, second in the East.
It's in February.
Take a look here.
70 points, man.
Goaltending and coaching go a long way.
Matty Barzal, I'm not sure if business comments will come up,
but they've been an absolute, to use the word again, wagon.
What do you attribute it to the most, Whitney?
Goaltending.
You can't win without a good goalie in this league,
and Grice and Leonard have both been phenomenal.
I mean, Grice is top five in save percentage,
and Leonard's been great.
It's just they're finally getting consistent goaltending.
They're getting a bunch of, you know,
production from guys that I'm not going to say you didn't expect it from,
but you certainly didn't think they'd be able to gel and score the way they have.
And yeah, how much of it is to do with Barry Trotz?
The guy's won everywhere he's gone.
So obviously, you know, this guy knows what he's doing, but it's goaltending.
And without goaltending, they didn't have any last year and they were terrible.
And this year they do.
And they're really good.
No one thought this, they'd be this good, but there's still a lot of hockey to be played we talked about them quite a bit in the last few episodes uh yeah just
reiterate wits points goaltending's been great coaching's been great uh i'd like to talk about
montreal they've been fucking buzzing too boys uh before saturday's game against the leafs which of
course they dropped carrie price was seven 7-0 in his previous seven games
with a 1.43 goals against average, a 9.55 save percentage.
I know he's been back for a little bit here,
but adding Shea Weber to the mix has helped him out drastically.
They've just been playing good hockey.
And a team where they said that they're not going to be buyers at the deadline,
they're still going to stick to the plan.
Who knows, man?
Maybe they'll make a couple little moves.
I know they made the one.
They got Weiss back, but he was sent to the minors right away.
I just, you know, they got a lot of good things going on,
a lot of good young skill forwards contributing.
Man, this team, I think we said before the year,
they were going to suck too, didn't we, Ari?
We were all over them.
Oh, yeah.
I'll raise my hand.
I blew that one too.
Well, you know what?
Last year and how much of a gong show it was,
and you weren't sure about Price's health,
you weren't sure about Weber's health,
and they've both come back.
They've looked phenomenal, and they've been playing.
And, dude, Max Domi, huge find, leading their team in scoring.
They have a quick team, which it always seems Montreal's got guys
who can skate, they can move around.
Saturday night, Toronto-Montreal, what a game.
Tavares snipes an OT for the winner.
Take them and inject their first-round matchup into my veins, please.
Give me Toronto-Montreal in the first round.
Oh, my God.
If you could ever somehow get Edmonton in, Edmonton-Calgary and Toronto-Montreal in the first round. Oh, my God. If you could ever somehow get Edmonton in, Edmonton-Calgary
and Toronto-Montreal in the first round.
But, yeah, the other thing about this team is that they have guys
like Philip Deneau.
The guy's got 40 points in 56 games.
I mean, like, you know, players that they got for trades,
I think Deneau was acquired.
2016, it was Dale Weiss and someone else.
It might be Fleischman.
I can't remember, but either way, at the time, you're like,
I don't know about this. A former Chicago pick.
Hasn't really worked out there. And look at what
he's done in Montreal. Just a stud. Thomas
Tatar. People wondered, what did he have?
I mean, you remember he went to Vegas last
year at the deadline. Didn't do much. Got scratched
I think in the playoffs a couple times.
He's been awesome. Druin has picked
it up lately. You saw that end-to-end goal he
had. I forget who it was against. Complete
snipe to end the game in OT. Was it
the Oilers? I don't remember. Either way,
they're a fun team to watch
and that Bell Center, you know that crowd, it's
so sick to watch games there. They get buzzing.
Great place to watch a game. My favorite
arena to play in. So I
think that this team could do damage. They're fast fast they're hard to play against and they got you know you got to give
julian credit the guy's a good coach knows what he's doing so not an easy out when they when
someone has to play them in the playoffs and you mentioned that potential first round match up uh
they just had a game saturday four three very intense overtime win for the maple leafs so
that would definitely make things interesting.
And, I mean, Toronto, man, a lot of pressure on them going into playoffs.
We'll see if they can handle it, especially with Montreal,
if they played them.
I mean, all the pressure's on T.O.
Biz, you know that Gallagher on Montreal at all?
Yeah, he's a machine off the ice.
Actually trains with his old man, you know outside of vancouver extremely
hard work ethic he just he's a type of kid just a huge motor on him just goes goes and goes gets
under guys skin that's what it's gonna taste physical he's the type of guy you want on your
team man just push it pushes the pace and practice just an all-around true professional. And that cocky and naeem-y talk.
What wit?
Say that again?
Gesundheit.
But this kid is sick.
This kid is sick.
Third overall last year, everyone's like, who's this guy?
A little bit of a reach at third overall.
Man, they got a stud on their hands.
I don't even know if he's 19 years old yet.
He looks like he's about eight years old, so he's got a baby.
But that kid is
sick. Just another fin. They keep coming. They sure do. And, you know, we got to give props
where they do. I was hot on Marc Bergevin earlier this year. And you take a look at the Canadians
leading scorers and hit three of them acquisitions. He's made Drouin, Domi, Tata. Another guy we need
to mention, obviously, Cary Price, the goaltender. He's been lights out for the better part of the
last two months now,
putting up outstanding numbers.
And just to double what you said, Wits, Claude.
Claude Julien, we saw it here in Boston.
He can take a roster you might not think is all that great,
and he finds what people's strengths and weaknesses are,
and he works with that.
And we're seeing the results right now.
And quickly, before we get to Oppie,
one other team in the East that we wanted to mention.
I don't know if I'm going to eat crow my 1,000 bet here,
but Cotterhart and the fucking Flyers are on fuego right now, on fire.
Still six points out of the playoff spot,
but Cotterhart has definitely rejuvenated the squad.
How about this?
Man, such a streaky team.
They went through it last year where they had a huge losing streak
at the beginning of the year and then made another run.
Yeah, I mean, they've pulled things together.
There was a lot of issues.
And the reason there was a lot of talk about it is because their lineup is good.
I mean, other than goaltending, they have a very good top six.
They got a couple studs on the back end.
Like, they have the recipe to win games,
and they've obviously turned
things around with uh with adding that uh young heart and net which uh he's been awesome for them
and you gotta imagine that that fan base is like thank god we got our fucking guy we didn't have
to go overpay ilia brisgalov we didn't have to shuffle 20 goalies in that their goalie situation
looked like the cleveland Browns quarterback situation.
Hey, the jersey, someone should get a Flyers jersey.
Yeah.
So I'm happy for those guys.
And another thing we could talk about, too,
is just the fact that how many teams are in the mix still
for that wildcard position.
I know some people complain about the point structure in the NHL,
but how exciting is this?
No one knows who's going to make playoffs right now
in the wildcard position.
And it keeps every fan base engaged.
It keeps growing the game.
And ultimately, that's what it's about.
I mean, listen, I could see the other side of it.
But to me, I love the point system now
and how it keeps all these teams involved later in the season.
Is there even a team that's really out of it?
Not in the West.
Let's talk about one team that's probably out of it,
the only team in the West, after we get back from Scotty Upshaw.
We're going to him because we started with the teams that are hot,
and we all know Uppy's a man, Rocket.
So thanks a lot for joining us.
This was in Venice, Scotty Upshaw.
Also, before we throw it over to Uppy, Uppie's a man rocket. So thanks a lot for joining us. This was InVenus. Scotty Upshaw.
Also, before we throw it over to Uppie, we want to thank Budweiser for also helping us out
with that West Coast Wagon Tour.
We will be rolling out all that content
on our new YouTube channel very soon.
And Budweiser is going to be the presenting sponsor
of all that.
Much love to them.
We were crushing Bud Heavies on the RV on the way up to
San Jose from LA. And I hope you guys enjoy this Scotty Upshaw interview. And once again, thank you
to the Budweiser Canada crew. And we had a blast. This interview is brought to you by DHM Detox
Hangover Pills. Guys, I've actually used these personally. It's a buddy of mine who lives in Vancouver. He created the product. It's actually a plant in Asia that's scientifically proven
to cure hangovers. Before they even begin, you take the pills before or while you're drinking,
and it breaks down the toxins of the alcohol. So you can go to their website, dhmdetox.com.
You can go to their website, dhmdetox.com.
That's d-h-m-d-e-t-o-x.com.
Of course, we're going to give you the Biz20 promo code for 20 off.
These are awesome.
I usually take four because I like to fucking booze quite a bit.
So there's two pills in each pack.
And, guys, I can vouch for these.
They're awesome.
I had way less anxiety when I woke up in the morning.
And as I mentioned, these things work to break down the toxins of the alcohol.
You can go to the website, find out way more information about it.
My buddy who created the product actually used to work for Tesla.
He put that on the shelf in order to develop this product and grow it.
I recommend all of you try it.
And the best part about it is they come in these packs. There's two in them and they're easy to carry around. You can put it in your pocket when you head over to the bar and when you start
drinking, you just take the two pills, take a half a glass of water with them and you should be
all right. They recommend two pills for every five to 10 drinks. As I mentioned, I usually
double up on them. Very affordable. Once again, go to dhmdetox.com. You can follow them on Instagram
or Twitter and message them for any questions you guys have. I hope you guys enjoy the product.
Biz20 promo code for 20 off. Try it out. Thank you.
We want to welcome to the podcast a very, very
requested guest.
He's been dodging us for a bit, Whit,
in R.A. This guy's got
759 NHL games
played. I hope he has not played
his last. He's been battling some injuries,
but that's why he's actually on the podcast.
Scotty Upshaw.
What a treasure. A national Canadian treasure's actually on the podcast scotty upshaw what a treasure a national canadian
treasure welcome to the podcast thanks boys that was that was fucking great it's pretty big intro
for you know that was a i've listened to a lot of podcasts that you guys do and that was that was
quite a that was i suck at intros but you like it's so genuine for you because you're like one
of the best guys i've ever met in life, let alone hockey. He was like chasing pussy with me.
I walked in.
I walked in.
Okay.
Yeah.
I mean that.
Be honest to me.
You just pick up my scraps.
No.
No.
Let me say this.
Aside from that, yes, that's a very redeeming quality you have.
But you are actually a deep down unbelievable individual with a lot of interesting shit
to talk about,
and that's why we think you're going to be awesome on this podcast.
I appreciate that.
Well, so this goes way back.
Uppy, same draft.
Remember that, Matt?
I do.
I do.
I think I tweeted a picture out not too long ago.
I had a couple of handsome lads.
You and Loops had a jerry curl, I think,
and his medicine hat jersey.
He still does.
Eminger in the back.
Eminger's in the back.ash is over there yeah but toronto that
night you you remember that clearly like you're six overall i was six yeah yeah yeah right after
me didn't have to count too many after you yeah where are you five right they're like we're gonna
go with two uh very special guys one's tall and ugly and one's just handsome as hell so he's gonna
be the face of the franchise dude i walked when I walked in, he's the first
guy I saw, and we've been hearing how
hot he is. I walked in. I felt like
Michael fucking Collione when he sees
Apollonia in Godfather for the first time. He's like,
struck by the thunderbolt. I was like,
I took my breath away. I was like, holy shit, he is
as hot as they fucking say, man.
I didn't even tweet about California. I was like,
holy shit, that upshows. I didn't even have my leather
jacket on either. I know, holy shit.
He's not even dressed for success yet either.
I can imagine when he's all gussied up too how good he looks.
So current day, tell us what's up, dude.
You had surgery on the knee.
I don't even know the injuries.
So tell me everything.
And how's the rehab going?
Yeah, it was a tough goal actually.
Right from the moment I stepped on the ice in Edmonton.
You knew?
My first day, I was just like i got there i met all
the guys met the trainers i grab uh i grab my sticks i put my skates on quick i hum out for
the first practice about two weeks before camp starts and i'm chasing mcdavid up the ice on a
drill like just you know trying to keep up obviously and my knee just gives me this like
weird like throbbing pain and i, wow, that didn't feel good.
Never kind of ever felt it.
And then I skated two or three more drills,
and I got off going, you know what?
I'm just going to sit this one out.
We got lots of time before camp.
And that day, that afternoon, my knee just blew up.
I had it drained the next day.
They took out like 150 cc's of blood.
So it wasn't pus.
It was just something going on.
And anyway, I went to see the doctor.
Said my MCL was pretty weak, pretty banged up.
And I ended up getting ready for camp.
Skated 10 days with the team.
Tried to play in one exhibition game.
With a brace?
I had a brace on.
Yeah, I've been wearing a brace for a while.
Oh, so already you were wearing one i was already wearing one and then first
exhibition game pre-season uh the thing just like blows up again and i walk by the gm he grabs me
and he's like listen go take care of your knee uh go take care of your knee you did amazing things
here you showed like all these young kids how to work hard how to be uh how to be a good pro battle
back from an injury we know you want this so we'll give you a chance when you're healthy to
come uh you know come back play in the minors get seen and anyway uh the rehab didn't go so well so
i had to i had to get surgery on it so you so you went in hoping that the rehab would be enough and
then half a couple months in or weeks in you're're like, I got to get the surgery. I was back here in California just kind of laying low,
rehabbing, hadn't skated yet,
walking to dinner one night with the boys
and the knee just all of a sudden,
I felt that little twitch again
and I'm like, God damn it.
Yeah, fuck, stop.
And then sure enough, it filled up
and when it would fill up, it would go into my calf
and I couldn't walk.
It was just really bizarre.
So I flew to Vail, saw Dr. LaP laprod who does all the guys knees great guy and uh do my knee he didn't do your knee did
he no this was in the option because he was an ahler when he'd love to sit down do your knee
though i bet well i still have to do my other one there you go i got his number were you on the east
coast when we did you would have got dr nick yeah i got everybody as you can tell ra is good
with the movie references and stuff um so uh so anyway long story short i get the surgery two
months ago um it's about a six or seven month rehab what things are going incredible uh working
with a guy in newport beach uh dr amstutz who works with a bunch of guys that i know
and uh battling hard
six days a week feeling rock and roll
should be golfing soon
and next year going to camp
and then next year my goal is to
go back to camp and I hope it's Edmonton
Edmonton obviously being from Fort McMurray
I know man
it would be a dream to finish the career there
but I still think I got a lot to give
and those guys they feel like teammates already
they were good guys welcomed me with open arms and they were all pumped to see me
come oh man imagine getting to play with McDavid it would be unreal in your hometown so like without
giving too much away you basically think you could have made that hockey team and and maybe were told
so and then that's just going to be gut-wrenching know that you would have put on that Oilers jersey
being from there and everything.
Totally.
There was no guarantees.
Obviously, you've got to stay healthy.
PTOs are a complete joke for that exact reason.
Me and Biz went on nine of them.
So did I.
I'm with you, boys.
I'm with you.
I don't know, man.
That per diem is pretty nice.
Tell us why it's a grind for guys of us who haven't been on them, the listeners.
What makes a PTO a grind?
A PTO is just there's no guarantee to anything,
whether you've played 10 years and had a great season last year.
You get put into a group of guys where GMs want to watch
their young players play.
They have an opportunity to see if you're still in shape,
what kind of health you're in.
And even though you feel good,
if you go in and take a slap shot off the ankle and break your ankle,
you have no control over needing to rest for just a month and then come back.
You're pushing through an injury.
And that was kind of what I did.
I probably, when the knee first happened, had I not just said,
oh my God, I got to get back on the ice.
And I waited maybe two, three weeks, I would have been,
you never know.
But anyway, the PTO thing is a new thing implemented
in the last probably five or six years
that really benefits GMs and teams
to see their younger players and whether they can handle it.
And if not, they'll see who's next at best.
I think that now with
like how young the league is pto now you can get some good players on ptos now like guys go to camp
of ptos you're like wow he's on a pto yeah and that's how they that's how the league is now
adding like a guy like upy like a veteran you really want that's 35 that maybe you're not ready
to give a year or two too but we'll give them a year once we see in camp. They come into camp, boom, we got a guy we needed.
For cheap, too.
Absolutely.
Before, I feel like guys never really made the team.
100.
It's kind of like the guy who maybe used to be a top six,
but not a top six anymore,
but he's intelligent enough to know that he's got responsibilities defensively now
and has to play.
You adapted your game.
You were drafted as a
top six player and and were one of the smart ones similar to brad richardson he was drafted as a
scorer he never even really was at the nhl level but he realized now i have to be more responsible
i have to be better at face-offs i have to learn how to penalty kill and you did that did you do
that in philly you think you do it before yeahilly, you think? Did you do it before? Yeah.
Philly, you were hard to play against.
You rounded into form, I thought.
You kind of had to play that way in Philly.
Like, our whole team, like, Brad Ritter, sorry, Mike Richards, our captain.
You transformed.
The way he led our team was, like, face first hockey.
It was like, you know, he was our captain.
He was young, but he would fight.
He would hit.
That kind of fed down.
You know, Jason Smith, Hartnell.
These guys are all, like, you know, in your face.
Gator, right?
Gator.
That guy was an animal.
He played both.
He played the whole playoff series.
We went to the conference finals with two separated AC joints,
like these ones in between your shoulders right here.
He could barely, and we'd get him shot up before games.
And, like, you watch that, and you learn to play the game like the way i the way i did that's awesome you play the
game face first hard fast and uh and you know if you find a way to get a role be good at your role
hockey it becomes fun you know what you're there for your teammates appreciate you more you know
you're not the guy scoring goals every night but you still get to go on the road, right, Biz?
Yeah.
I'm still going to the NHL.
I don't even have as much pressure.
I can agree to that.
And I think the way you're describing it is some people
you guys can keep chirping me all you want, but it's a fine line.
No, just the way you said it.
Hey, Biz, you know it.
You love the road.
Yeah.
Oh, yes, I do.
You love the road.
Fringe benefits.
And it's a fine line between stupidity and battling through adversity.
It's just like you're testing your body's limits every time.
And you did it with your knee.
You're talking with this guy doing the AC thing.
Like, he didn't want to be known as the guy who didn't play through.
He didn't want to think about, like, oh, maybe we wouldn't have won if I would have played.
Or vice versa or whatever. You know what'm saying of course of course there's just guys you know that are that will play the game no matter what they'll lace
up their skates through any sort of injury especially if they're you know we're playing
you guys in the conference finals that year and it's like you know you have all you have all
summer long to get healthy it's like this is rock and roll time and you glue
oh and you just and like it was people i think a lot of times say to hockey players like
wow hockey players play through injuries you guys play through those that's so incredible how did
you do that and any guy will tell you i didn't even think twice like there was no like i don't
know if i could do this it's just like hey shoot me up i'm playing like so it's for someone to say
how'd you do it you're like i just did i didn't even think about it can do this. It's just like, hey, shoot me up. I'm playing. So for someone to say, how'd you do it?
You're like, I didn't even think about it.
It was just like, and I guess that older veterans do teach you that.
I also think you learn it growing up when you're just like,
hockey playoffs is when everyone's injured.
Nobody's feeling good.
So I wanted to quickly ask you, though, before Philly,
you were in Nashville, and that's where your buddies were.
Because we had two on. Thanks to you, you helped us get him on what a guy he's an incredible human you guys go way
back we go way way back toots and i've been uh yeah i first got to meet toots when i was probably
12 i was probably peewee trying out for this team in northern alberta that i always used to get cut
from i used to drive down from fort mcmurray northern alberta select you weren't that good then at 12 i was just small i was from far away
they thought uh this kid like can't make it to practice during the week and this you know a bunch
of shit like that he's too handsome he's gonna fuck all our wives it started young
so i used to so i used to anyway long story short i used to get
cut i'd cry the whole way home with my daddy be like fuck not this again so anyway we go back
there another year and in walks this kid and he is fucking ripped and he's got pubes already and
he's just like we're looking at him you can you know he's his english is fucking kind of scarce
and you're like who is this Anyway, he's right hand shot.
Get on the ice.
He needs new laces.
Guess I'll get the guy some new laces.
And he goes out there and he just starts running guys over.
And he doesn't know there's a puck on the ice.
He's just flying around and he's killing everyone.
And sure enough, last name's Tutu.
He's wearing, they gave him 22.
And meet his family after and they're like you know
this is you know we brought jordan down we're gonna let him go to school here this year we're
gonna like and i got to be the first one of the first teammates that he had in alberta and it was
it was a sight to see i think he i remember getting like kind of blacked out when he hit me
up against the glass in practice in like a a little Canada Cup drill, he flew around
and he goes and gets a puck in the corner, runs me,
I'm like, smash my head against the glass.
But anyway, got to know Toots back then
and then had a chance, obviously, at World Juniors,
which, Biz, I know you talked about.
Oh, man.
I was on that team.
I remember you just ran across the ice and kind of hammered me.
I was like, you guys came out.
That atmosphere was...
We came out buzzing.
That atmosphere was...
They were screaming toot-toot.
These guys were getting kills pregame naps.
That's how fucking intense that was.
Just lead story on TSN every day.
Yeah, like, Scotty Upshaw, 14 kills off the ice.
Two goals, 17 kills.
He's well and away. And a world junior silver.
Actually, you guys lost that year.
We lost to Russia.
No, you guys won.
If you count the bar scene and the medal.
Russia had a kid that was going to be so good in that tournament,
he ended up getting in a bad car accident.
No.
Detroit had him, too.
I'll look up his name.
He's played in the KHL forever.
Do you remember that kid?
I do, I do, actually.
He's the star player for Russia.
His name will come to me, but.
It wasn't Ovechkin, right?
No, it wasn't.
He was on the team.
Because he was on the team.
But he was like 15.
I hear you.
This guy was, I think, player of the tournament.
I do recall.
And either way, I mean, yeah, I just remember that event.
That's when you and Tootsie really came on the scene, at least for me.
So Toots, though, he, so you mentioned this before,
but there's guys like throughout that tournament, from that tournament on, scared of Toots, like, he  so you mentioned this before, but there's guys like throughout that tournament,
from that tournament on, scared of Toots, like while he played pro.
In particular, Yoni Pitkanen.
So I go to  Yoni.
Yoni.
So I go to Philly and I'm playing with, you know,
my first time I get to the Flyers, and we happen to play Nashville,
my old team, and I'm all fired up and get to practice,
and boys are like, oh, Yoni's got the flu again.
Tutu flu.
I'm thinking, what?
And they're like, oh, yeah, since he's turned pro here in Philly,
he has not showed up to the rink at all for games against Nashville.
And it's solely because Toots just chases him around and would hit him all over.
And Yoni was a big guy.
That is fucking insane.
That might be the craziest undercover
story that has never been talked about this guy would dodge i mean he wasn't even he would he
would just call you know you know you're sick you're sick you usually go to the rinky get like
some you know tamiflu when you go home he would just call in and the the trainer would be like
yoni just stay at home and the g GM would just be all fucking pissed off.
Yoni.
Holy shit.
And he was a legitimate defenseman, was he not?
At the time, he was a top four.
He was fourth.
There was times he was nasty.
In our draft, he was fourth overall, yeah.
So did you go to school with Tutu and stuff?
So, no, he lived in Spruce Grove.
He had a billet family, a kid that I actually knew.
He was a goalie.
But, no, Tutu and I actually knew he was a goalie. But no,
to tonight,
we just became really good friends over the course of just hanging out in
some summers and then playing world juniors,
getting drafted to Nashville back to back years.
And then he broke into the league actually as a full-time NHL or before me
2003,
which was the year before the lockout for the lockout toots was a full-time nhler
and he was an absolute star in nashville there wasn't one country singer there or an actor
actress that was more popular than him no no one he couldn't go anywhere and it was you know he was
dating a country singer um what was her name what was her name he What was her name? He was dating Kelly Pickler Yeah, Kelly Pickler Was he really?
He was dating Kelly Pickler
American Idol
She was on American Idol
Yeah, dude, Kelly Pickler
Yeah, she was
Of course, already knows that
Yeah
Saw him in a restaurant
Of course, he goes over
Does his thing
He was a smooth talker too, boy
He was
And he was talking about his club
He's a handsome guy
His seal club
His seal club
I'm carrying around a seal club
Between my legs.
Guys, so Nashville taught me and Toots how to be young pros.
And, I mean, I'd like to tell you guys we did it the right way.
We enjoyed every second of every day.
We had good friends away from the rink.
All the older guys showed us what it was like to be pros,
took us out on the road, taught us how to order, eat right. We talk about that, too. You guys talk about what it's like to be pros, took us out on the road, taught us how to order, eat right.
We talk about that too.
You guys talk about what it's like
to be a good pro, dress well, act well.
And anyway, Toots and I,
we were young kids having fun
and chasing babes and doing our thing.
Have you been happy to see the success
that Nashville's been having
not only as a team but as a city?
I mean, the last couple years,
me and Mike, we were down in the cup two years ago and it was fucking insane it was absolutely insane but we got hooked
up free tickets too by the way he's like free it's just a seeking promo or what this is expensive
there is it it's an expensive dude at the time they were the most expensive stanley cup tickets
in history and i got a slide the dms and the guy he had no he had some weird avatar and i was like
buddy you know you gotta throw me a bone here i goes i've seen the DMs and the guy he had no he had some weird avatar and I was like buddy you know you got to throw me a bone here
I goes I've seen catfish I know the drill
he gave me some information we traded like
personal info I'm like this guy's legit
I goes buddy what are you why are you doing this he's like I love
the podcast and if you guys are coming to Nashville I want to make
sure we got to get a hold of this guy send him some
merch or something well he I did I took
him come on I greased it already but I took
it all right sent
him a new Yeti. Yeah.
See how new Amsterdam is.
That he got for free from New Amsterdam.
So, no, legit, both games, me and Mikey, we get in for the donut, both games.
Two most expensive games at the time in Stanley Cup history.
Wow.
Do you remember his name?
I have it written down somewhere.
I don't want to throw him under the bus, though.
He probably still works there.
He wasn't exactly supposed to do what he did for us.
R.A. has the shadiest
Stanley Cup finals story
Does he not?
Stanley Cup finals stories?
Grinnelly was there
Sneaking in through the Zamboni door
Like hiding behind shit
He's been to more cup finals
Than like Jean-Baptiste
I'm a little
I'm a little more concerned
About security
Than R.A. getting free tickets
Like how is R.A. sliding
Into every rink
free of charge fucking stanley cup finals did you know they were going to be that good fans like
yeah so the potential was always there the arena teams but like yeah but no the arena is so just
straight up and down if you look at it you're in there it's like a college rink right exactly
smaller the fans are like the
fans their feet are on the like top of the glass right so like they're just staring down at you
it's actually not bad if a girl's wearing a dress but uh you're like i scored yeah yeah this is good
so um anyway the city really rallied around them whether they were good or not i would say the last
10 years they just biz you've always said this about david poyle but one of the you know greatest hockey minds there is in our generation
obviously he drafted me so but uh you know they just they're the energy there the energy there
you walk outside you're going and having beers and listening to live tunes. There's bachelorette parties everywhere.
You know, they ran out the rink after it got flooded the one year.
Everything changed underneath.
They cleaned it all up.
And now they just, you know, they have one of the best goalies in the world.
They have, you know, guys that can score.
They put together a team that's been going deep every year.
You know, what better thing to do in Nashville than to go to that?
And another thing, too, is they're very positive down there nashville's a positive place everyone's happy everyone's friendly you're not getting called out like that much and and and poil has
done an unbelievable job as far as letting them be themselves i mean pk is a good example of course
but the fan to player interaction is absolutely berserk you you probably
wouldn't be able to do it in a big market like new york city or toronto it has its own little
like yeah it's just special there yeah and and how they treat their fans and everyone's so a part of
it they man that's like to me that's that would be one place i wish i could have played yeah 100
i'm actually going back there i don't know when this is going to be aired but i'm going back there next week for
toots is uh they're doing a retirement night for him on his birthday february 2nd so his birthday
wow toots birthday is two two how crazy is that it's one of the more yeah it's just another thing
that adds to his legacy yeah um this is nuts do people know that by the way i think i think what we're going to do is
we're going to drop that this thursday just because it's before and people have been begging
for you to come yeah yeah whatever so so we're going there they're doing a full night for two
you think he's gonna i know they got him a full suite he's got all his family so i'm talking
there's like 15 16 people the whole like all like. All ranking inlets coming down. That's a hike too.
That's a hike.
There are four wheelers just flying down there.
Have you been to any of those? I sure have.
Is it just.
I sure have.
It's fucking awesome.
I went there July.
I'm going to say.
So I look at my photos often or whatever from old pics just to, you know, go back in time.
And on the bottom of the photo says the date, obviously.
And it says like June 29 29th 2007 right so toots takes me up there to go fishing hunting with barney with his old man
and uh we we get fucking shit faced obviously the night before yeah up there it was a dry community
so a couple of his buddies were bootleggers they bring'd bring in all the beers. So we're crushing.
And then beers, they're pretty sought after. If there's a beer there, it's fucking either someone's paying 25 bucks for it off the other guy
or someone's putting it in their beer bong and just slamming it back.
Because there's no use just sipping on a beer.
It's not going to get you drunk.
You need to fucking throw it back.
So the one night we were up all night we're jumping in this the fucking ocean like
buck naked it's hard to come i mean it's it's the uh hudson right so it's it's freezing and it's in
july there's ice everywhere and the next day we get up hung over barney packs up a nice like full
tent food everything we go out on the land for two days and we we go four hour drive north on
these quads or four wheelers and i'm like the you know
i'm the white kid i can barely fucking maneuver over this tundra like this and they're flying
toots and his old man and his brother-in-law are just they're like gliding on these rocks and i'm
bottoming out everyone toots is looking back at me and all i see is caters i'm like i'm like i'm
lost boys you're in the middle of nowhere.
All you see, you don't see any grass or trees. You just see fucking the sun setting and just like water and just like fungus, like the tundra.
It's a weird looking terrain.
And we get up there and we go ice fishing.
We got these long, Toots will have pictures of them on his Instagram.
Everyone should go check it out.
But anyway, you know fishing
runs in my family i'm from newfoundland you know lots of fishermen and uh right teddy fucking right
and so we're like ice fishing with these long sticks that have a horseshoe on the bottom they're
called kucky bucks i still remember this name pretty good uh it's my only enuke word i know
and there's nails there's nails in these uh in horseshoes, and you jig with your little bait,
and you hammer through the ice with this cocky buck
to get, like, Arctic char.
And I'm just hammering away.
I can't get nothing.
And Barney comes over.
Come here.
Let me help you up, dog.
And he just jigs for, like, two minutes,
and all of a sudden he slams down,
and he pulls out two, like, five-foot Arctic char.
And this is where it got awesome.
He grabs the one by the head,
punches it right in the top of the head,
knocks it out, right?
So now the fish isn't really moving around anymore.
And he grabs the tail, chops it off,
and in, like, two seconds,
cuts these little sashimi pieces off
and goes, hey, we're not going to be home for a while.
Here you go.
Here's some, like, sashimi.
This is immediately after catching it. Right off the knife. And I just, we're not going to be home for a while. Here you go. Here's some like sashimi. This is right off the knife.
Right off the knife.
And I just were hammering back our fresh.
It was delicious.
It was like melting in your mouth.
It was a little cold.
So it had to have been like thawed out maybe like 10 minutes.
Probably would have been mint.
But it was one of the most outdoor experiences for sure that I'll always remember.
And it's, I mean mean if you ever get a
chance if toots ever invites you boys up to do a show up there you're 100 that would be excellent
i'd be all over that he's the man he actually uh coming up here today i was driving up from
newport beach and he's like he's like tell those boys me and you are getting on there and doing
doing one together yeah we do need that yeah because what happens with that and that's like
with bugsy and teddy like we'll be
with them later it's you just remind guys of other stories like yeah stuff you didn't forget
about he's like hey up you remember this time you're like oh yeah i forgot about that laugh
attacks happen because you know this shit you just can't say it's good stuff he's yeah he's
one of my best buddies and i'm so proud of the ways uh you know the ways he's doing good he's
done his thing and he's he does all his speeches.
He's in Newfoundland right now, actually, where I'm from.
He's in St. John's, Teddy.
And he's there doing some speaking arrangements, but healthy family and awesome guy.
Hey, have you been to this St. George Festival in Newfie?
It's called George Street Fest.
I heard it.
And I go every year.
So it's incredible, right?
It is.
Cleary told me it's incredible.
I heard it.
And I go every year.
So it's incredible, right?
It is. Cleary told me it's incredible.
So George Street Fest is a week-long event that the Newfoundlanders put on,
and they cherish.
They get all the bands, all their favorite bands come in.
I've seen the Arkells there two or three times.
I've seen  who else have we seen there?
Great Big C, R-Lady PZL.
All Canadian bands.
Good, good Canadian alternative bands.
And the strip of bars there,
there's more bars on this one city block
than there is anywhere in North America.
That's what they're known for.
And then at the very end of it, there's a strip joint.
So you hit all these up until they kick you off the grounds
and then you go right to the strip joint.
I mean, that's what you're there for.
But my whole family's there.
My mom and dad
are building a house out there right now.
Oh, really?
It's now a family occasion to get back
for George Street Festival and bring the whole family out.
We should do a podcast there.
That's during the Cleary
Hockey School too.
I skated at Danny's.
Yeah, he said that.
You can even go out and talk.
All right.
Well,
we'll talk definitely
about that.
Upy,
a lot of weird shit
happens to you
and none weirder
than a place that we
talk about quite a bit
on this podcast,
Gosser Ranch.
And Upy goes there
to play in their
member guest.
How sick's the track?
Big time?
It's unbelievable.
A world-class piece
of property for one.
Like Discovery, you guys have talked about it,
but Discovery does these best resorts,
and they accommodate to their people who live there
the golf, the food, the amenities, just the access.
So, Gosser is the best golf course,
the nicest lake to do all your wakeboarding.
You have a restaurant down on the beach.
You have one up top cheese.
And then the kids have their own baseball stadium.
So if you have a family, you're a hockey player, and you have four months off in the summer,
you go up there, you let your kids roam around, you go play golf, go wakeboarding with them.
Put them all to bed at someone's house, then just go get ship-faced at the treehouse. Fantasy
land. Where is this place for our listeners?
This is Gosser Ranch. It's in Coeur d'Alene.
Just outside of Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.
It's Idaho. Okay.
Before you continue, is Yellowstone National
similar, but just a different place? But same
type amenities, all that.
Except you've got a mountain to ski on.
And I hear... You've got your own private mountain?
So, Gosser really shuts down in the wintertime.
Yellowstone Club is for the, it's for their elite.
Oh, yeah.
Tom Brady's got a place there that's worth like 20 million, right?
Yeah, you got Zuckerberg.
You got all those guys.
So, anyway, that place is the year-round.
You know, Stoli's up there.
But you go out, they got a nice rink.
They got, I mean.
They got a great track. They got They got a great track
They got a great track too
Yeah
So but
It's not like Gosser
And I have actually
Never played Yellowstone
So I don't want to speak
But it's not like Gosser
Gosser's badass
And then the membership
Do you have a place at Gosser?
I do not
Okay
But so I got invited up
To touch on business story here
Because we were laughing
At dinner a couple months ago
Oh buddy
This story is hilarious
We
I get invited up.
Kelly Chase calls me last minute and says,
you want to come up with your boys?
I got a couple buddies all on places there from Newport.
They're good friends at my club.
So they fire their bird up, G4.
Oh, yeah.
No big deal.
How the heck do?
G4 fire the bird up.
So I'm not going to turn down an event, right,
at a fucking golf tournament.
I love golf and have been pretty good at it Your stick
Any sort of these tournaments too
I'm pretty good at those
Where you get to drink and have fun
And it's networking too
You might meet someone who loves your personality
You could benefit their company
Networking is part of your stick too
And I love it as well
100
So he puts me in touch with Russ Cortinal.
Rusty, babe.
Great guy.
And so first day we get up there, get in the lay of the land.
Russ meets me and my four buddies out on the track, play 18 holes.
We go have dinner, go shower up, come back to the treehouse.
Now I'm with like Jax, Sheldon Suray, a bunch of the guys who live up there, beauties.
That's their little home for the summer, right?
Jackman's up there.
Who's that?
Jackman's up there.
Jax lives there.
You got Morrow.
Ray Whitney, right?
Ethan Morrow, Bear Jackman, Ray Whitney.
Great crew.
Paul's got a place there.
Bobby Ryan's there now.
Cooper.
Coop's got a place.
So anyway, so first night, I'm at the treehouse my boys are
shutting her down so i stay up i'm hanging actually so so i'm this one girl walks by and
i'm kind of like playing it out to see like what's going on and she's cute she's blonde hair we start
talking she's from la we're shooting the shit like everything's winding down do some shots and
you know i can tell everything's kind of clearing out and i'm like hey you want to go grab one of these golf
carts and go for like a stroll out and fucking in the wilderness or whatever she's like yeah
so we jump on this golf cart and we go cruising around and it's pitch dark and i've never been
on the course so i don't know where i'm fucking going and uh so she's like hey i got some friends
back in my house why don't we just go back there i'm like i'm like absolutely so she's like hey i got some friends back in my house why don't we just go back there i'm
like i'm like absolutely so she's like okay it's down this road so i'm driving it's black it's
pitch black and she's like yeah this looks familiar i think it's right here and so she's
like okay yeah take her right here so i go right she's like no no no left and i fucking go left
and she flies out of the golf cart i'm talking so. So now I'm like, I'm looking left with my hands and everything going.
You know, that's a driver.
You completely like look to where you're going.
And she's not obviously a veteran of the golf cart and how the mechanics work and holding on.
You need to hold on once in a while.
She flies out, boys.
And she's like right into the fescue.
It's like trying to look for your golf ball in there i was like oh
my god i stopped i get out i'm like oh my god are you okay and she gets up and i'm looking at her
i'm like are you okay like checking her out and she's she's fine and i'm looking at her i'm like
are you okay and she's like no my well my knee's a little bit sore i scrape my jeans and and i'm
like oh my god thank god is your head okay and she's like yeah yeah i'm like thank god you got those big titties there because she had these massive boobs
so i'm like thank god yeah there's a couple of hair bags she's laughing she's a really good
sport about it so i go and i drop her off i'm sure i'm like you sure you're gonna be okay
she's like yeah i'm fine so i i go back to the treehouse and i'm having a beer me and the two bartenders and i'm flustered i'm like oh my god and the bartender's like, yeah, I'm fine. So I go back to the treehouse, and I'm having a beer, me and the two bartenders.
And I'm flustered.
I'm like, oh, my God.
And the bartender's like, what's going on?
I'm like, guys, I literally just drove this girl home in the dark and fucking threw her out of my golf cart.
Almost killed her.
And they're like, oh, yeah, that shit happens all the time here.
And I'm like, no, not like that.
She ended up in the fescue.
Like, it was bad bad so they laughed it off
drove me home and it was not a big deal i show up to the range the next morning and i'm hitting
balls and and chaser comes over to me and he's like what'd you do last night i'm like nothing
i was at the tree bar and ended up going home it was a good boy and he's like did you tip a girl
out of the golf cart i'm like oh fuck i'm like yeah i did and he's like
you gotta come with me you gotta come with me so i went over to the guy who she was staying with and
and ironed out kind of the details and he you know he actually played it cool i guess she woke up and
she had a pretty scraped knee so she went and got it bandaged up she was with the guy up there no
no she was at a guy's house with his girlfriend. I made sure that would have been hell.
That's not my style.
But I'm saying that that's a situation you've probably found yourself in.
No, that was another summer.
That was another summer.
Biz knows me more than any.
There's plenty out there.
I don't need to go chase around guys' girls, especially at Gosser Ranch.
So that was the first day.
So I'm in a golf tournament and we're playing with Rusty.
And I got to get my shit together for this tourney. And we have an okay first day. So I'm in a golf tournament and we're playing with Rusty and I got to get my shit together for this tourney.
And we have an okay first day.
That night they do a full dinner dance party band
and it's awesome.
It's like what God's...
They put a lot of money into it, I bet.
It's what they do.
And so we're having a blast.
So I'm hanging out with me and Trevor Gretzky.
We're like paired up there and we're just,
we're having shots.
Beauty, great guy. I've known him forever. Gretzky boys are unbelievable like paired up there and we're just, we're having shots. Beauty.
Great guy.
I've known him forever.
Gretzky boys are unbelievable.
We're going to get them
on the podcast.
So great guy.
So he's got the lay of the land.
He's lived there forever.
So I'm like,
I'm doing shots with this one,
like Coog,
and she's fun.
She's like,
I'm asking everyone who she is
and they're like,
oh, she lives here.
She's a...
The gauzer gamer.
She's single. She'll teach you a thing or two. She flies everyone in she she lives here she's uh the gauzer gamer she's
single but she flies everyone in on her plane and she's just a nice girl she got a big house
she has fun so i'm like i'm like all right perfect let's set up an after party at her place
so we a few guys go over there and um of course i go in i just spilt wine all over my head these
nice light pants on tight too they were nice oh you're just looking great on the quad and uh i spill wine all over it at her place so i
just rip my pants off so now i'm like just in my underwear doing my thing and i and gretz is there
and he's just jamming away on the guitar she got this electric guitar and he's he's sick i give him
props he's like just blasting tunes lumineers like you guys are talking about. Lumineers, sick band.
So Gretz is playing tunes.
I'm just being an idiot now.
I think I'm just doing shots of tequila.
I'm like on the corner of her couch
and I do a full headstand just straight up.
That's my thing.
Whenever I get paid.
He's doing yoga, Bikram shit.
Little did I know.
So touching the headstand.
My grandma, I posted a couple pics
with the hashtag UpyUpsideDown on my Instagram like a couple times with a hashtag up the upside down on my instagram
like a couple times so my aunt sends me these fucking photos of my grandma my you know god
rest her soul my grandma doing fucking headstands all over the place like that was her thing i had
no idea but for like the last like six years since i started to really start doing yoga and like
this all this acrobatic stuff that's in your soul dude that's crazy that's crazy that's crazy she sends me these photos of her saying
like hey just so you know like your grandma did this you're number two when she was hanging out
like party and she'd do a headstand so i'm on this girl's corner of this sick couch and he's
playing tunes and she's like drinking smoking cigs and and we're blasting music and from underneath my balls because i'm now
hanging upside down i see this guy walking the house and i don't know if it's her husband i
don't know what's happening and he's looking at me and i'm looking at him from upside down and
he's like turn the fucking music down and i'm like i jump i do a somersault behind the couch and he's like what
the fuck is going on in here this guy's pretty much naked hanging upside down and i'm like oh
my god and i'm like who is that and trevor's like it's our neighbor fuck i guess we're playing the
music outside too we didn't know so it's like it wasn't late either it's two in the morning but
you know you're on a golf course community it echoes everywhere so i end up i stay there for another half hour or
whatever i get home i almost miss my tea time and it was early morning tea time for the last and
final round second day i show up to the first tee just barely in time and all the boys are looking
at me like i get a slow cat clap walk into the and they're all they're like here he comes i'm
like wait what did i do and then they're like hey uh did they call me like the fucking uh
chimpanzee or whatever because you know you don't just all community word is spread so he's
this kid's crazy here for two nights and he's causing fucking he's turning his scenes both
nights guy who walked it was getting that out there was a member at my country club in newport
beach so he knew me but i didn, but I didn't know him.
But I guess he's been a Gosser forever legend.
And so he got to the range the next morning while they're all having, like, Bloody Marys.
And he's telling this story to everyone.
And so I show up right to the first tee, make a Bloody Mary.
And me and Rusty go out and absolutely fucking shit kick the day.
We kill it.
We get to the horse race, 14 teams, and it's a shit show.
They have literally a golf cart with two massive speakers going down the fairway.
They're either talking of who's going to hit for the playoff.
Who's going to hit?
And then loud tunes.
That's awesome.
It was like jock rock tunes.
Yeah, yeah.
So now there's like 200 people walking.
Ray Whitney just got back from
uh he was he was at the draft actually so he was my old teammate beauty buddy uh he come and kind
of followed me up the fairway so we we make the first hole make the second hole we go to the third
hole with four teams left now i've felt nerves like i've never fucking felt my hands crazy when
people watch you 300 people watching me hit off the tee. I fucking spray one way left into the bunker.
And I'm like, sorry, Rusty.
I fucking shake in there, buddy.
I'm like, I'd rather have a penalty shot in fucking game seven.
Whoa.
It's crazy playing in front of people.
I would rather hit to win this golf tournament with you right now.
I'm literally, my hands are soaked.
And so he gets up in the bunker, and he keeps one in the fairway bunker.
He, like, duffs it and keeps it in there.
And now it's up against the lip, so we're shooting three on a par four.
Chipping out.
I chip out with a 52.
You would have loved the shot whip, but I just get it over the bunker,
just over the lip.
It lands probably 10 yards short,
and everyone starts fucking spraying balls everywhere, the other groups.
So now we're all lying like the same.
Rusty steps up with the old trusty putter from fucking halfway down the fairway.
And he just puts one to about eight feet.
And everyone starts chipping, like skanking one over here and fucking thin over here.
And next thing I know, I'm sitting there shaking again, eight footer to win.
And I got Surrey in the the back like fucking screaming at me
like everyone's getting rowdy and i fucking it's i'm a lefty so it goes it's a little right to
left her and i fucking just drain it drain it and then i'm a huge celly so i mean i went to
gaza ranch and fucking got the mvp of the week and me and rusty walked away with a huge fucking
trophy and i'm getting invited back to
defend my key. I was going to say, you
were going back. I'm going back
to defend the title.
Oh my god.
I knew that story needed to be
brought up. How about that
weekend though? Just getting it done on
all sides of the ice, all over the
arena.
200 foot game.
It was a that weekend.
It was a good weekend.
A lot of guys had a lot of laughs, and I left there a champion.
Is it like crazy money to get in there?
Or do they not even now need people there?
I think you should buy a place there.
I would love to. A hundred percent.
In fact, I know a guy.
We'll get you a nice deal.
All right, you give me a little deal, Luffy?
Hey, I'll live in your little cabin, your little side house.
No, he's getting catty for me.
I mean, listen, you got your East Coast.
Now you need to come over to the West a little bit.
Being out here is so nice.
You'll always live here, huh?
We're looking at palm trees out of the windows here.
That's pretty sweet.
Uppy, you just bought a lot, tore it down.
Now you're building a home here in Newport, correct?
I live, so we're in Venice.
I live down in Newport Beach. live so we're in venice i live
uh down in newport beach i've been there seven eight years with uh with the boys loops o'brien
i've originally moved down there uh with the intent of just kind of seeing what california
was like i lived in colona had a great thing there and anyway i fell in love with it and um
i got great trainers.
The food's epic.
There's concerts every week.
I was just at a Chris Cornell tribute show the other night.
You loved it.
I saw you.
It was epic.
Who sang at that?
A bunch of different people. We're going to talk about music.
Keep going about this.
So anyway, yeah.
So I bought a place two and a half years ago.
Put the design team together, architect, builder, all that good stuff.
And we tore it down last year.
We've been building ever since.
It should be ready for Canada Day, next Canada Day bash.
And I'm going to turn the whole thing into not July 4th.
It's going to turn into July 1 now.
Wow.
And you'll do the July 4th at a local place.
Yeah, or wherever.
You'll represent Canada
Down here for sure
100
Loud and proud
Nice hat there by the way
Thanks buddy
Hey how's Big Canyon
And Obie's there
You and Obie
You and Obie go way back
Before you and Loops or no
No so me and Loops
Been
We actually grew up together
So Loops and I
Knew each other from
From way back
Played against each other
As kids
Got drafted together
Then played world juniors together Was he the best player always he was like a late bloomer a little bit like me we're from
such small towns not drafted in the dub uh he's from fort saskatchewan a little town outside
edmonton i'm from fort mcmurray we're way more north but uh he and i kind of we just we were
like the outliers we were the kids were both late birthdays.
So it was more like the odds were against us to get anywhere.
And he and I ended up playing like, so he was in Milwaukee.
I was in Milwaukee.
He was in Cincy playing with OB.
Oh, yeah.
Lockout year.
That was when I really got to know like Shane.
He was, you know, we're doing dinners.
I remember a night before a game, it was OB loops verne fiddler and me so i brought out fids from my team and we uh we go out for dinner and cincinnati we end up going to college bar we stay out till like 2 30 and we
get to the rink the next day just hurting we got a game we're playing cincinnati and anyway i'm
sitting around i'm going boys i just had loop Lupo and O'Brien out with Fids,
so we had our guy, all right?
Lupo has 40 goals already.
I have my guy.
Fids, I think him and Obi even might have scrapped that game too
just to like...
Just to make it sound like we're going to hate you.
Sweat it out a little.
Totally.
So we had our guy and anyway, got to know him then.
You know, good buddies.
We've done a lot together and, you know, we really enjoy it.
Yes, because I think, like, those, your whole crew is just,
you guys are always together.
It seems like it'll be the same way in 10 years, too.
Everyone loves living here.
Like, Stu, I want to get Stu on the podcast.
How's he doing?
Stu Pendous.
He's great.
Stu Pendous.
Stu's the man.
His Instagram name is just perfect.
He was at the show with us the other night
watched football yesterday with him one of the funniest guys ever we got it just a good good
group of guys in fact you guys talk about pj pj's amazing we got our tall friend still work for
pj works for uh scott boris yeah still with scott boris yeah and pmc which is a company that manages
uh you know business relations and client relations with athletes,
which I've been a client of theirs.
So PJ, Buddy Joel.
We got just Flowers.
Flowers, he'd love to live in Newport if he could.
Okay, so quickly, we got to talk about Larry Flowers because he's going to be coming on the pod.
He's a gold man.
He's the fall guy.
He's the trenches.
He's the rabbit hole guy. Larry the jeweler, though. Get your jewels from Larry. So's the fall guy. He's the trenches. He's the rabbit hole guy.
Larry the jeweler, though.
Get your jewels from Larry.
So that's...
Totally.
No, we're going to...
He's just got his new design web page up.
He's really turning the page.
He's a big guy for all NHL players, getting all their rooms.
Roman Yossi's always buzzing around with him.
He buys his watches from him.
So I would say there's...
Hockey's not the most flaunting sport but i
will say guys like their watches that's like their one thing they ain't wheeling in the arena with
giovanni on gold chains and like diamond chains yeah they're not spending on that except revo
revo loves his revo loves his ear he does oh if he loses those he snaps when we'll just like we'll
take him from his stall and hide him.
Right away he knows.
We'll be in Columbus and he'll just be like,
who the fuck stole my fucking earrings?
He thinks someone stole them.
But Larry Flowers is the guy we all get our watches from.
Awesome guy.
I'm sure he could come on and tell a few stories.
He's probably got better stories than the hockey guys
because he sees all the fun ones
and he's probably allowed to talk about them. Just maybe can't name names. He's got a few stories. He's probably got better stories than the hockey guys because he sees all the fun ones, and he's probably allowed to talk about them.
Just maybe can't name names.
He's got a big heart.
He knows his stuff when it comes to jewelry.
If you're ever silly enough to get married at a young age being a hockey player,
he's your guy.
I mean, he's your guy.
He doesn't rip you off.
He's, you know, in that world,
a lot of people try to take advantage of hockey players, do you think?
Oh, absolutely. He's going to get advantage of hockey players. Do you think? Oh, absolutely.
He's going to get you the best deal.
He's that guy.
He's a solid dude.
So shout out to Larry Flowers.
We're going to, no free ads on here,
so he's going to have to buy a couple ads,
but we're going to direct all our people to Larry.
Or have him tell a couple good stories.
One thing we got to get is Lupo on the show.
You think he's going to come on?
I don't know if he'll come on
He's just like Mr. Perfecto
El Perfecto
He'd just sit here and be like
I don't know, shut up
Shut up on Fitney
No, me and the boys
He's the best
He's awesome
I want the Toronto story
Someday
Yep
And we're getting it
He should come on
I still want to hear it too
I know
I still want to hear it too. I know. I still want to hear it too.
You know, he obviously had some tough injuries that he's still kind of getting through.
You know, he's big with taking care of his body now.
He was in bed for like weeks, I remember playing with him.
Yeah.
That was awful.
So whenever you have things like that happen to you throughout your career, you kind of like, you know, maybe you look at hockey and say like, you know, it was kind
of bad on me a little bit.
As good as it was, like I'm leaving the game, I'm hurt, you know.
I'm in pain.
Yeah.
It's tough.
And he's a guy that he likes to snowboard and golf and, you know, be active and work
out all the time.
And, you know, when he wakes up sore some days, I see it. it i'm like that's that's you could see him limping but he's still he's literally funniest guy
as you you guys are both pretty fucking just the sense of humor loops the sense of humor is just
but yeah he's and to talk sports with the guy loves fucking all sports on all spectrums loves
music um fashion like you you know in toronto, he absolutely killed it on all levels for a long time.
Like, he was the man in Toronto.
They were giving him, like, a new suit of game, right?
He had a new suit of game.
Yeah, and then I was always going there, like, trying to steal a couple of them.
I was pulling the biz.
I was trying to get in there for some free gear.
You mentioned earlier you guys played each other in an Eastern Conference final,
Pittsburgh-Philly, one of the great rivalries in sports.
Two-parter, is that A, the best rivalry you've ever been a part of,
and B, how much did you like playing in Philadelphia?
Oh, yeah, we didn't really talk about Philly much.
Philly, boys, I love Philly.
I love it.
It was, for me, as a young kid, I got traded for the first time in my whole life.
Like, you know, obviously, you know.
You're shocked.
You come out a junior as a, you you know a franchise guy in your junior team and then first
overall first round pick and then it's you know i remember showing up to dinner getting traded from
from uh nashville to philly and all the boys looking at me and i'm like what and they're
like where you been i'm like i just slept in why fuck i'm late for dinner whatever
like order some appies and they're like fuck did you read the news and i'm like no and they're like you got traded oh i'm like fuck for who
they're like forrestberg well you and fucking five other guys for forrestberg i'm like sweet
like fucking it was so you know getting there was um i just remember it being like a whirlwind and meeting new guys.
And the first thing anyone ever said to me was Sammy Captain.
I walk in the room and he's like, read the top line right there above the door.
And he's like, I played fucking 15 years.
And it was like, whatever you need here, you will get here.
Just show up.
Really?
It was pretty much.
I don't fucking, it might have fucked that up a little bit.
No, but that's the gist but it was like whatever you need to be a fucking pro and the best we give flyers organization
made sure you had it and i never you know in nashville it was you know we're a low budget
team in 03 04 i just i've never ever experienced like a that new york yankee feeling or like you
know red socks get whatever you want i'm'm going to throw the Red Sox out there. Yeah, we got it. But anyway. Kiss in the ring.
I got to live downtown.
I was one of the first guys to move back into the city
and kind of create like a little buzz in like an area town
that never really had any athletes living there.
We lived in Old City.
And then, you know, just being part of a World Series
while I played there, seeing fucking numerous like
Super Bowl, right, for the Eagles.
That was huge for me.
I'm still an Eagles fan and that was big last year.
But the sports, I got to really ingrain myself in a city, in an urban city.
I got to meet guys that own the venues for Live Nation and all the restaurants.
And all of a sudden, I was like,
this is like a game of fucking Monopoly a little bit. you know, own the venues for Live Nation and all the restaurants. And all of a sudden I was like, all right,
this is like a game of fucking Monopoly a little bit.
I got to be an athlete, but I also got to like experience chasing it.
And you better go in wild, though.
That's a cool name for the dog, by the way.
Well, Oppie, dude, you're the best for coming out, man.
We appreciate it.
I think that people have requested him as much as anyone.
Oh, for sure. I want him to keep talking about philly yeah yeah well holy shit that's cracking the egg on eddie vetter
teddy purcell's dog kind of ruining the moon the philly days i i could get into some yeah
i can't give you guys everything because i still me. My good boys know all my stories, obviously.
Exactly.
Right.
Not everyone can.
I'm coming back on eventually.
When you're fully retired.
When I'm fully retired.
But I share my deepest with my teammates, which is why I'm fucking, as you are, Biz,
and you with incredible teammates.
That's one thing I cherish as I've gone on.
You can only leave this game with friendships and good stories
and lifelong memories.
Oh, buddy, we're going to have you on 20 more times, just like Teddy.
No, just like Teddy, just like Bugsy.
You guys are going to be reoccurring guests.
I hope you get back into the NHL.
I mean, that's going to be an uphill climb.
Things aren't going to be easy, but you've got a big support here.
And maybe get a little chickletlets bump while we're at it.
He doesn't even need it, this guy.
Yeah, right?
He was bowing a chicklets bump.
Hey, he's a chicklets key bump.
I do got a...
I can do it.
I don't know what the bud was.
I can do this one.
So my brother back home, Brento, beauty.
Oh, awesome.
What kids does he have now?
I'm going to touch on one story.
It was back like July 4th party back in like 2006.
Or it was probably earlier.
Whenever we played together, Biz, and you showed up.
So Biz shows up like, hey, I'm coming to fucking your July 4th party, 100.
And we're like, fucking right, Biz.
You're just at Bonner.
We were like, you're coming.
So morning, Avi shows up and he's like, hey, guys,
I got a fucking four-camera crew here from Sportsnet showing up.
And we're like, what the fuck?
Can you sign this wave of fun?
I've never heard this.
No chance.
Remember?
He shows up with a camera crew.
It was called downtime with Biz Nasty.
It was like a little.
So it started back there.
You guys' biggest party day of the year on camera.
I was like, Biz, we'll do a couple interviews on the beach, but we'll finish that.
We ended up doing it the next day.
We did it the next day.
And we were all licking our wounds.
That July 4th party
that loopel threw
was something special
I had a 69
up in the room
or up in one of the rooms
this
oh this girl was
she must have thought
I had the same type
of money loops had
and I had a nice tan on me
I was glowing good
and I was
I was in the
nothing I said
or everything I said
was just going right
you had your speedos on
yeah
you were feeling I had my Speedos on yeah you were feeling
I had my Speedo on
yeah
that's your
Jim Duggan Speedo
that's your scene
just Speedo
shut the fuck
no being like the guy
where everyone's like
who's this guy
and obviously
whatever
I had a good
I had a 69
don't be jealous
so my brother
so I was just gonna
touch on this other story
so there's this kid
up playing pool
Loops has a pool table
on the second floor
and you know there's 40- up playing pool. Loops has a pool table on the second floor.
And, you know, there's 40, 50 people around.
And my brother's like, he always had a little bit of the skill I had in hockey,
but he was way fucking tougher.
Yeah.
So this kid breaks his, like, someone's like,
there's a broken pool cue upstairs. Like, someone smashed a pool cue.
And we can't find it.
So my brother comes up and is like,
who the fuck broke Loople's pool cue, right? Like, now he like now he's getting tough yeah yeah and so he looks around and no one
will say anything and my brother grabs this one kid and he's like you're gonna tell me who broke
it or i'm gonna you broke it and so the kid points at his buddy just shrivels his buddy have my
brother he and then he's like where's the cue it's in the dryer so they put the cue in the dryer
right so my brother just loses it.
Lifts this guy up, carries him down the stairs,
opens the front door.
These guys got a nice pair of Ray-Bans on.
And he's like, you're not to come back.
And those Ray-Bans, those are Mr. Looples now.
And he just launches this kid out the front door.
So Loops A is always like,
Brento, you're welcome back here anytime, bud.
Brento's security at Loops' palace.
Oh, God.
That's too good.
That was a good little story to cap things off.
Thank you for joining us.
We said that you're back on, what, 20 more times in the future?
20 more times, yeah.
That's right.
Keep her going, boys.
Boys love listening to you guys.
Keep her rocking.
That interview was also brought to you by Tommy John.
If your big Valentine's Day surprise consists of a bouquet of supermarket roses
and drugstore chocolates, then the only surprise is that you think that's memorable.
Rethink what a Valentine's gift can be with Tommy John,
the most comfortable men's and women's underwear on the planet,
a gift that's not only unexpected but genuinely needed.
Tommy John is redefining comfort for men and women with luxuriously soft,
feather-light,
moisture-wicking underwear that moves with you, not against you. With no pinching, no bunching,
and no riding up, it's no wonder Tommy John has sold over six million pairs. I got about a half
dozen myself I can vouch for them. Super comfortable. So if you're still looking for a V-Day
gift, their limited edition loungewear and underwear, including matching his and her sets,
are the perfect alternative to boring and played-out clich gifts.
Last year, the limited edition collection sold out in less than a week,
so don't wait until the last minute or you won't get yours.
And with Tommy John's Best Pair You'll Ever Wear or its free guarantee,
if you don't love your first pair, you get a full refund,
so there's no excuse not to buy the gift of comfort they truly deserve.
Tommy John, no adjustment needed.
Shop limited edition Valentine's Day gift sets to buy the gift of comfort they truly deserve. Tommy John, no adjustment needed.
Shop limited edition Valentine's Day gift sets and get 20 off your first order at TommyJohn.com slash chiclets.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chiclets for 20 off.
Only at TommyJohn.com.
TommyJohn.com.
Up dog.
Rooting for him to get back, get that that knee healthy get a chance to continue to play
in the nhl next year biz and he's actually going to be uh joining tsn for the the trade deadline
so congratulations to him starting to you know do some other things other than
train and play hockey and who knows boys maybe one day we'll get him on the barstool bandwagon
oh that'd be money.
Flood and living runs all over Canada.
And right before we went to him, we were mentioning that, or Biz mentioned
that there's pretty much no teams out of it in the West.
Well, there's one team, and we'll start off in the not hot category with the
goddamn Anaheim Ducks.
Holy shit.
Let me tell you guys something.
This is one of the most depressing, worst, awful streaks I've ever seen in the NHL.
And I'm not lying. I genuinely feel bad for the guys on the team.
I mean, obviously, like, Randy, it's all, they're tuning him out.
I mean, it's just like, it's, you know, wait till he gets fired or wait till the season ends.
And maybe he won't get fired because they know they'll continue to lose.
They'll try to get a high draft pick and restock.
Maybe that's kind of the master plan.
They know they can't win the cup.
They know that if they get in, they would be, you know, out immediately.
So, all right, let's tank.
And maybe if Randy stays, they'll continue to tank.
But this has been a shit kicking of a road trip.
And yesterday they played.
Sorry, this is that you guys listen.
It's Monday, Saturday afternoon, they had the flyers. And I'm like, listen, I'm riding this
losing streak. I am not going, you know, I'm taking the flyer. So I max bet them. I didn't
check my phone. It was four nothing in the first period, fucking four nothing in the first bit.
I was like, Oh my God, you can't get easier. No, they ended up making it 4-2, lost 6-2. But holy shit, have you ever seen, I mean, 9-2, 6-1, 6-2.
It's like I've never seen this.
You know, I don't like being too negative on people.
I just think that the
Oh, I feel bad for them.
I think that the modern-day NHL has just maybe passed Randy Carlisle a bit.
His teams always get outpossessed, outshot.
Their goal differential right now is minus 55.
They're lapping teams in the minus category here.
R.A., you have a stat about their last 56 days, correct?
Yeah, you have two wins in the last 54 days, which caused that.
Dude, being a part of that,
I can't imagine going to the rink every day for those guys.
That is fucking hard to deal with.
And I know people say you make millions, whatever.
Yeah, dude, your checks are coming, but every day is depressing.
I mean, when you have fans putting paper bags over their head,
then that's a bad sign, especially on the road.
I mean, what kind of fan would put a paper bag over his head and show up?
Oh, time out.
So Grinnelli sends me a picture last night.
Apparently, R.A. went to a Bruins game, and he put a Bruins painted picture.
That was you in that picture?
Yeah, yeah.
I just looked at it at dinner, and I just was like, why are they
are you fucking kidding me, R.A.?
Do you recognize me?
Yeah, that was me.
That was
Oh, shit.
R.A.'s that guy.
He's a fucking guy who vacations in Florida.
Of course he's putting a fucking bag over his head.
Dude, have as many cigarette boats as you want,
but being the paper bag guy over your head is so ridiculous.
What's worse is throwing the jersey
because the jersey toss is, what, 30 seconds?
You wore a paper bag the whole fucking game?
I would say probably like a half a period.
Because if people haven't seen the picture, I got the classic paper bag,
but it was actually my buddy, shout out Lay Dog.
He came up with the idea to make this.
That guy's got a clean record.
To make the B on the bag with like the boo
like like the the cartoon bubble like when someone talks like funny with the boo it was it was pretty
clever so i'm like well they're not gonna see me in my seats in the balcony so i went down and i
sat right behind the fucking bench so like they had to see it because it wasn't the front office
the team was playing that fucking bad that at that time under sullivan they were just awful
the whole fucking fan base was revolting and i want I'm like I want them to fucking see this and I'll
tell you there's nothing weirder than making eye contact with a fucking player a coach when you got
a paper bag over your head and they look right at you and you know they're looking at you so yeah
yeah and you're essentially insulting them uh we need to get a twitter poll going uh Grinnell's
what's worse the jersey tosser or the paper bag guy?
Well, I'm going to tell you what's worse.
Yeah, first off, shout out to Lay Dog at the Bridgewater Correctional Facilities.
And I'll tell you what's worse.
It's, Biz, you nailed it.
It takes 10 seconds to walk to the glass and chuck your jersey on the ice.
R.A. probably made that thing for 45 minutes before the game.
He's just smoking a bowl right
in the big-ass, spelled boo.
Big-ass O's. He's like, should I do four O's
or five for boo?
I still have it, too, somewhere. It's tucked
away.
That was the Bruins' couple years
where it was like, oh, nightmare
fuel, those teams they were putting out
there. But back to Anaheim,
boys, it's uh it's
it's not pretty we hope that they can turn things around but hey now saying that and how bad it's
been there's still only six points outside that wild card spot and and not too long ago the flyers
were in that similar situation where they were dropping games left and right and and uh still
six points out yeah well i know but they've been on a fucking run,
and they've been playing good hockey,
and now we're talking about them potentially making playoffs.
So who knows, man?
Things can turn quick.
They're not that far out of it, and it goes back to the point system.
It just kind of keeps teams in the hunt.
And, you know, Murray's already said Kyle Isles not getting fired,
but, you know, how much further can they sink?
How many more games can they lose in a row before, like,
they have to push
that fucking button?
Maybe without ever coming out and saying it, he's like, I want to tank.
We're not going to do anything this year.
We have some older guys that are aging, and we need a top pick,
so let's tank and try to get a top three pick and retool that way.
Who knows?
That could be actually what's going on.
Yeah, you never know what's going on internally.
Some teams keep coaches around not just because they want to give them
the chance but because they want the team to actually struggle.
I mean, Desjardins in L.A. was a bit of a head scratcher.
Hold the phone, boys.
Hold the phone, boys.
This is crazy.
A few minutes ago, we were just wondering how much longer could they possibly
keep Randy Kalil on as coach.
I mean, seven losses in a row, outscored with 38-7 in that stretch, getting croaked.
He just got fucking shit-canned.
Finally happened.
I guess it took another 10 minutes.
It just popped up on Twitter.
Oh, fuck.
Wow.
Is that the first time you guys have ever had an update in the midst of an episode?
This is breaking news.
Just when you're listening, it's like 24 hours later.
But, yeah, this is breaking news for us.
Pretty wild.
Executive Vice President and General Manager Bob Murray just fired him
after the Ducks dropped their seventh straight victory in Philly,
not to be confused with their 12-game losing streak earlier this season.
He's the fifth coach to be fired this season.
Interestingly, the decision to fire him was made after Tuesday's loss in Montreal.
Murray reached out to ownership.
They agreed, I guess, all together. They're going to shit can him. But because Murray
is taking over as interim coach for the remainder
of the year, he let him coach the next
two games and just didn't say anything. So he was
a literal lame duck
behind the bench for two games. Yeah, Murray's taken over
for the rest of the year.
Does he have coaching experience?
I believe he has been behind the bench once or twice.
I'll give it a look-see.
So what do you think, boys?
I mean, we just said, how much longer can this go on?
And it didn't last for the rest of the segment.
Like 20 minutes.
I'm just surprised they haven't called up Dallas Eakins
as the interim coach as opposed to him.
You know, as I asked there, I'm not sure if Bob Murray has coaching experience,
especially at the NHL level.
I'm guessing
or I actually think people
have already said this,
that they maybe wouldn't even bring
up Dallas Eakins because their AHL team
is really good.
He's probably going to get hired this
summer. I bet you, if Bob Murray
is coaching now, he's just like,
all right, we're probably going to hire Dallas Eakins,
but I don't want to screw up their team.
You know, they're trying to win a College of Cups.
These kids, you know, are getting experience.
So that's probably what they're doing.
Yeah, how about this quote?
I can take this thing on my own and get the first overall pick.
All right, all right.
How about this quote?
Bob Murray on naming himself interim coach in Anaheim.
I think this is the only way for me to determine what all the problems are.
Whoa.
Hey, how awkward is that going to be in the locker room with a GM,
a guy who can make trades, you know, calling the shots?
Yeah, it's interesting.
I'm checking hockey reference.
I don't see any coaching record for him,
so I don't believe he's been behind the bench before.
Yeah, it's just a total different dynamic.
I mean, the all-stop break, they had the all-star break, then the bye.
That was absolutely no help. The Ducks, since
then, they went 0-5, outscored
29-7 in those five games
just since the break. Like you said earlier,
which they clearly stopped playing for the guy.
Yeah, you know what? He's going to have to just really rely
on his assistant coaches.
I mean, he's going to basically be like, guys,
what are we doing here? Fill me in.
So, but yeah, saying that he's going to have to just, you know, this is how he's going to find out what the real problem is. It's going to basically be like, guys, what are we doing here? Fill me in. But, yeah, saying that he's going to have to just, you know,
this is how he's going to find out what the real problem is,
it's going to be interesting to see what he ends up deciding is the actual issue.
Yeah, Randy, you know, he had early success his first year there.
Well, in his second go-around, I should say.
The first year, they got all the way to the conference finals.
They lost to Nashville that year.
Second year, they got swept by San Jose.
But he only got lasted two-plus years there this time. His
first time in Anaheim, he went six-plus years. Of course,
he won a cup his second season, so
now the big question is who's going to replace him?
I'm not going to know until the summer because Murray's
going to be the coach for the rest of the year, but I think
the usual list of suspects includes
Joel Quenville and Todd McClellan. Those
are probably one and two on the list
of guys if you're going to try to hire a new coach these
days, I'd say.
And it kind of goes back to what I was saying before we got that news and, you know, maybe keeping Carlisle around as a reason to tank
and try to get that first overall pick
and kind of sticking with the same theme here is, you know,
obviously he doesn't have much coaching experience.
Now he gets to maybe see the internal problems
and, you know, see who the guys are in the locker room that aren't going to make the difference
and change the culture and tank in the same breath.
So I don't know.
It's an interesting move, very Lou Lamarillo-ish.
Oh, yeah.
And, you know, I hope they can turn things around because, man, like,
hey, I don't mind seeing teams lose a few, but, fuck,
this has been some major bleeding,
leaking a lot of oil over there in Anaheim.
At least Bob Murray's doing it when they lost like 56 in a row.
Lou Lamorello would do it when the team was in first place.
I guess you could look at that.
Oh, yeah.
Did he fire him right before playoffs?
Yeah.
Oh, Julian, it was.
Yeah.
I thought Fatorik, too. Didn't Fatorik get fired right before the playoffs? Yeah, I think it was. Oh, Julian, it was. Yeah. I thought for Torik, too.
Didn't for Torik get fired right before the playoffs?
And maybe he didn't take over then.
Either way, Lula Amarillo would fire you right before the playoffs
in first place and take over behind the bench.
So, but, yeah, that's crazy.
We broke some serious news.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
You know, the Ducks, they're the last in the conference, 51 points,
but they're still only eight points out of a playoff spot.
I know they'd have to leapfrog a half a dozen teams,
but, you know, stranger things have happened.
There's still a lot of time.
There's still a lot of talent.
I don't know that they'll do it, but it's not like they're, you know,
20 points out and they're going to totally mail it in.
They're still not completely out of it,
despite having losing streaks of 12 and seven games.
Yeah.
And my assumption was a tank because he's taken over.
Who knows, man?
Maybe they go on a little run here and make playoffs.
It's not that far-fetched.
I'd say Philly's got a better shot,
so you better get your money ready to pay out there, R.A.
No shit.
What else we got?
Hey, real quick, guys.
Just want to talk to you for a second about Muggsy jeans.
If you're an athlete, or you try to be one like myself,
you know how hard it is to find clothes that fit you well.
Well, the truth is men's clothes are not designed for guys with bigger asses
and legs, especially when it comes to jeans.
We've got good news for you.
The answer to your problems is finally here.
Muggsy jeans.
Muggsy jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us.
Muggsy was started by a stoolie who was tired of having his balls choked out
in his jeans and his ass not fitting.
His goal was simple, reinvent men's jeans to look good
and feel outrageously comfortable.
I have a couple pairs myself, super-duper comfy,
the most comfortable pants I've ever owned, no doubt.
In the stoolie, he spent five years working with industry experts
and athletes, former NHL player and Hobie Baker winner Blake Jeffron,
to find the perfect fit and feel of the jeans.
The magic is in Muggsy's proprietary denim,
which is made from a bunch of high-tech materials to make these jeans
mind-blowingly soft and flexible.
Honestly, you don't even feel like you're wearing jeans when you have these
things on.
They're super comfy.
And when I say flexible, I mean these jeans are so stretchy,
you could hit the squat rack in them, no problem.
They're so comfortable, they make basic movements like sitting,
bending, and kneeling feel like a dream.
No exaggeration. You'll want to sleep in these jeans, and I have. That's another story. Even better, Mugsy's come in a stylish fit that's not too baggy and not too tight, so you
somehow look even better than you feel. Men's Health called Mugsy jeans the best jeans for
athletes for good reason. Take our word for it. Give Mugsy jeans a try, and you won't be able to
wear any other jeans again. Mugsy is so confident you'll love their jeans. They do free shipping and returns, so your comfort is 100
guaranteed. Do your legs a favor. Head to Mugsy.com. That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out Mugsy's full
lineup of jeans and safe-for-work chinos, including new styles and sizes. And use the code SPIT for
10 off.
That's a beer on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made
by heading to Muggsy.com.
Use the code SPIT.
Some other news.
Anyone see that James Neal get hit with a stick in the face
and his teeth get knocked out?
Dude.
Oh, that was cool.
It looked like three teeth.
I've never even really seen teeth come out like that. Like that clean?
By the way, I mean, how furious are you at the guy?
Who was the D-man?
I'm pulling up right now.
I actually wrote it down, too, because I know it was.
He was with the Vancouver Canucks.
And he was looking at the ref after he called him.
What did I do?
I was like, dude, you fucking swiped three of his teeth out of his face.
What are you talking about?
Well, actually, I wanted to ask you guys,
but should it have been a penalty because he was following through?
I thought if you're following through, like, on a shot or a pass,
it's not a penalty.
Oh, maybe that's why.
No, I don't think he was following through.
I think he went to hit the puck and didn't he whiff?
I thought he went to whack the puck out of midair and whiffed
and hit him in the face, which isn't  that's not like a follow-through.
Okay, I thought he was going to play the puck.
I thought he got a piece of it.
Now I know when you fall wrong, I could be way wrong on this.
No, it doesn't matter if the puck's midair and you're bad at it.
You hit a guy in the face.
You're fucking sitting for a penalty.
He didn't, a follow through RA is when you like legit have possession
of the puck and you fire it.
And on the fall through, you hit a guy.
This was just a 50, 50 puck that was was in midair that he swiped at
and caught Neil with.
I don't know how many grams of marijuana you smoked
before watching it the first time.
I mean, yes, it's a follow-through, but it's a follow-through
on a puck that's midair that you just
it'd be like a soccer player if a ball's in the air
just trying to kick it, and he gets a guy in the face.
It's just like you're sitting for two.
Yeah.
Now, question though, if you follow through on a shot, it's not a penalty.
But what about a follow through on a pass?
Would that be a penalty?
Yeah.
No, it wouldn't be as long as you have possession of the puck.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, either way, I mean, dude, how many teeth did he lose?
Did it say after?
I think you could see at least four, like, flying through the air.
Like, I mean, if you do this frame by frame, it's fucking insane.
Like, one of them's doing, like, ass over tea kettle through the air.
They saw the ref picking a couple off the ice.
It had to be at least four that you saw on the TV, let alone what you didn't see.
That's a tough one, man.
I mean, boys, that's a spitting trickle segment.
And R.A. butchered it.
He doesn't even know the fucking rules.
No, I do.
I was looking for clarification on the passing part.
Speaking of other crazy shit,
do you guys see the fake sunk pass by Yans behind the net?
Everyone's been tagging us in.
Yans is notorious.
When he gets a control breakout,
and he's the guy behind the net with the puck,
he'll do the old fake slap shot. And sure uh i think it was barakovsky is that his name
uh yeah i think so burka i probably butchered it but he bit hook line and sinker man that's
probably the worst bite i've ever seen i saw cody mcfarlane they ended up scoring on the play i
later on in that shift they ended up scoring that's what the tweet said. Like, it led to a goal.
I mean, dude, he has an absolute back scratcher windup on these fakes, too.
I sent him a text.
I go, how are people in the league still falling for this?
You've been doing it for 10 years.
Check the game notes, buds.
Speaking of game notes, Dion Phaneuf had his first career health bomb.
He had 1,027 games played, and he got his first scratch ever.
Willie Desjardins decided he wanted to look at a couple of the youngsters
in the L.A. organization and sat Phaneuf.
Phaneuf still had two more years at a 7 million whack for the Kings,
so I don't know if he's going to be going anywhere at the deadline.
But, you know, how does a player deal with that, Whitney?
You know, he's been around for so long, and now all of a sudden
you're fucking  you're not playing.
It might only be a game or two.
But, you know, what's a veteran  how does he have to deal with that
in the locker room while not, you know, not poisoning the locker room
while he's pissed off?
Yeah, it's tough.
I mean, no matter who you talk to, you know, incredibly there's people
who go through their career and they're never a healthy scratch once.
But that is the severe minority. I mean, everyone pretty much has to deal with it at some point. And it's really
tough, especially when you've played over a thousand games that had ever happened in once
you've always been in the top six, you know, pretty much for enough years, top four for so long.
And then the day comes when you're not in the lineup and as you get older and it's just a slap
in the face, not a slap in the face as it shouldn't have happened.
It's just a slap in the face kind of from reality that dude,
everyone gets older, everyone's game declines.
And at some point on a struggling team,
you're an older player making a lot of money.
They might give another guy a shot.
And that's when you kind of know, all right, I'm not really what I was.
And I'm telling you, younger guys get healthy scratches,
maybe to wake them up, give them a kick in the ass. If you're
older, if you're on the back nine and you get health
bombed, it does mean for the
most part, it's probably kind of coming to
an end. Granted, you can go to another team.
Things could flourish. Exceptions are
obviously made and happen.
But yeah, I mean, that's kind of where
Dion is in his career. It's been a
hell of a career. Fuck, I remember when he came
on the scene. But you know, losing a little speed and the game getting quicker, it's been a hell of a career. Fuck, I remember when he came on the scene.
But, you know, losing a little speed and the game getting quicker,
it happens to everyone.
We saw Jay Bollmesser go through it in St. Louis at the beginning of the year,
and, you know, that fan base was all over him.
I made comments about the fact that, you know, he's put a long career and he's had a good run, and that's what happens when you get older.
But I tell you how you get over it.
You fucking leave pregame skate after you get bag skated.
You log into your Wells Fargo or your Chase account,
and you just take a look at the number, and you say,
yeah, fuck it, let's do it.
Let's sit down.
Come on.
I'll still take a nap today.
And then he looks over at his beautiful wife, and everything's gravy.
So Dion Phaneuf's going to be all right.
It's a health bomb.
It's a little wake-up call.
No big deal.
And we're going to toss this over to our run.
Biz, speaking of the Kings, they were in town yesterday in Boston,
Saturday.
Patrice Bergeron, he played his 1,000th game Thursday,
but they would give him the customary silver stick before the game.
The LA Kings voted as a team unanimously to stay on the bench before the game
to watch the ceremony because Bergeron is so well-respected amongst the league. But this is interesting. The Kings also kicked in and bought Bergeron
a 1,000 bottle of wine. So not only did his teammates have to kick in for his 1,000th game,
the opponents had to too. How are you not on the LA Kings roster when this happened, Biz?
I'll tell you what. If I was there, I would have would have said no I'm not chipping in
I've suffered enough for these thousand
fucking games
you know what I might have gave them my per diem pack
for the day the hundred bucks that's about
it but I guess it wouldn't even cost them
it was 50 bucks a guy that's not too bad
what am I saying
this is where I draw the line
I've only been able to ARBNB my apartment
Scottsdale three nights this month.
Usually I get seven.
My rent went up by 50 bucks last year.
I'm not paying for the opponent's fucking thousand game celebration.
I'm not doing it.
I'm like, no, I'll get him my own wine.
And I got to get him a bottle of 9 yellowtail.
I'm not getting Screaming Eagle.
You bring him some boxed wine.
There you go, Patrice.
I had a question. It's a phrase you use
a lot. What are tummy sticks
exactly? I've had a few people ask.
Let's say me and Jens are on
opposite teams and we're buddies.
I don't do this.
It would drive me fucking nuts when guys did it.
Let's say before the game, you're warming up and you're at center ice
and you're both giggling and stretching.
If I wasn't playing, I'd go say hi to other guys in brief conversation.
But some guys just take it over the edge.
They're passing back and forth over the red line.
I want to puke.
You're about to compete against a guy.
Like NBA to me drives me nuts for that exact reason.
Like they're fucking high-fiving,
like talking about where they're going to go out and party after the game.
It's like on the court.
Like I want to see some bad blood and some competition.
If you want to play tummy sticks, do it in the hallway after the game.
Fucking Odell Beckham and Jarvis Landry were like throwing balls to each other.
Embarrassing.
It's pathetic.
Yeah, the NBA, dude.
Don't even get me started on the NBA.
Should we go to the trade deadline?
Look at that fucking league right now.
Are you shitting me?
Hey, are you shitting me too if you're a fan of LeBron James?
I'm not even kidding you.
Let me tell you something. Let me tell you that if you're on a fucking team where everyone,
nobody can even stand him on his team.
His teammates all hate him.
He wants them all traded.
But if you get blown out by 40 points and then go online and post an Instagram
congratulating yourself about becoming in the top five for all-time points,
I'm not kidding you.
That would break an entire NHL team's locker room.
That's so unacceptable.
Type of pro athlete, you get blown out, your team loses,
and you go to online social media to congratulate yourself?
What a fucking asshole.
And it's like, oh, yeah, Whit hates the NBA.
Dude, yeah, I mean, I hate the NBA,
but how do you not when you hear these stories?
And don't let this take away from the fact that we respect what he's done
off the court as far as charity is concerned.
I don't care about fuck.
I'm talking about what he's done as a teammate.
He's a horrible teammate, dude.
Horrible teammate.
And the fact that he's, like like just put on this pedestal.
I mean, God damn.
If you had a kid play sports, he ended up, obviously, if he ends up like that,
you know, you're happy.
The guy's incredible.
He's one of the best players of all time.
But if that's his personality and that's what he's like as like a teammate,
you've failed because that guy's a piece of shit.
Did you guys see the picture I I just texted over to you.
I mean,
like his teammates wouldn't even sit next to him.
Rondo.
If you zoom in on the picture,
Rondo's sitting with the fans,
Rondo's sitting with the fans before he would sit next to LeBron James.
There's three open seats near LeBron James.
None of his teammates will even sit near him.
And did you see that?
There was a report that they said the Pelicans had no intentions of trading
Anthony Davis,
that they were so pissed
off that basically the lakers were more or less tampering that they gave him this trade proposal
just so it could get leaked just so they could try to cause dissension in the lakers locker room this
was actually reported like that basically the pelicans just fucked with the lakers because they
i think they almost wanted to put their foot down and say hey you guys are the players play the games
we're the gms we're the office. But they basically fuck with them.
You wouldn't see that in the NHL.
Oh, let's do a fake trade proposal, leak it,
just to cause locker room dissension.
It's hilarious.
It's definitely the most entertaining league away from the arena of play.
I love the NBA drama.
They force it now.
Dude, they force it. When that story came out about the guy,
remember the guy who had burner accounts and was going on, like,
defending his moves?
There was a GM.
Remember that?
Yeah, the Sixers GM.
Yeah.
Dude, that was, like, cool.
Like, that's, like, oh, my God, this is entertaining.
This is, like, a legit soap opera.
Now it's, like, forced.
Like, they want to make everything such a Twitter, like, you know,
soap opera for lack of, you lack of having another term for it.
And then, too, Kevin Durant, dude, you're at a press conference
and you're saying how the media treats you unfairly.
It's so much different than the NHL, and it's so much worse, in my opinion.
Granted, NHL's not even near as popular as the NBA,
but God, dude, that is a shitbag league.
Moving on to better teammates,
Crosby Paslamu for games played
as a Pittsburgh
Penguin, so congratulations to him.
I want to ask you guys, you see that
Matt Duchesne cover of Eric
Church on the NHL Instagram?
This kid can play the guitar, and he's
got a decent voice on him, too. For those
of you who are Eric Church fans
and Matt Duchesne fans,
go check it out on the NHL Instagram.
Dude, this kid could do it all.
Sick hockey player, handsome fella.
He's got a beautiful wife.
So this guy's just living the life.
We also are going to be, I think, made known or told what's going on
with Ottawa in terms of Stone and Duchesne early this week,
if not today, Tuesday, Wednesday, you're going to kind of hear, I think,
if they're maybe going to resign or if they're both on the market.
And, God, if they both are available and both tell Ottawa, you know,
we're probably not going to resign or we want to test free agency,
that makes it even crazier going into the deadline.
You know, Duchesne, Panarin, and Stone, heads up.
And speaking of Panarin, Whit, we've been kind of following that saga
for a while, and it has been a saga.
He did fire his agent.
He hired a new agent, the same agent that Bobrovsky has.
So I don't think that's going to affect a whole lot going forward.
I think he's still going to test free agency when it comes along.
It's just basically just another part of the story going on out in Columbus.
And, Biz, I do owe you an apology.
I did take a quick look at that gif.
I didn't realize the puck was that airborne, so he wasn't playing the puck.
He did swing at the puck in midair, so I apologize.
I was incorrect on that.
Oh, that's fine.
I know you were high as shit last night watching that.
That's like you didn't even watch it.
Two other mea culpas as well.
When I gave my gambling corner, Bruins-Rangers, I flip-flopped those records.
I got crucified on line fart, so I fucked that up.
And one other thing, Brent Seabrook's no-move clause,
I said that Chicago could bury him in the minors,
but his no-move clause would prevent them from doing that
unless he waived his clause.
So a couple errors I made.
I just want to clarify.
Oh, that's okay.
We all fuck up once in a while.
You just do it a lot more than us.
I'm just more culpable than you.
Speaking of fucking up uh sam
reinhardt made some comments about uh buffalo's goaltending uh he he kind of released a little
bit of a statement afterward and he just said sorry he was in the heat of the moment and uh
uh the comments were quote unquote we can't expect to win hockey game six five seven six we need more
from our goalies and we need it from the start of hockey games.
It's frustrating.
I mean, I'm saying that they have been putting
up a lot of offense, and the goaltending
has not been good in Buffalo as of late.
Do you guys actually have
his comments after? Because I know that
once the dust settled, he was
a little upset at himself.
Their defense stinks too, Biz.
Their defense is terrible.
It kind of sucked that he put a lot of the blame on the goalies because a lot of the shots, I saw a stat, someone tweeted at me
that a lot of the shots are still coming from right out front of the net.
So at what point do you blame the defense and not the goalies here?
Fair enough, but Grant Fuhrer had a rule.
He said, I'll let in four four but i ain't letting in the fifth
if you're fucking getting a team that's spotting you five goals i don't give a fuck how many shots
you're getting fucking stop them if you give give up four and that's it so i i agree with you if
you're if you're if you're facing a lot of shit every night you know there's a time and a place
to fucking lay into the d but if you're putting
up five come on here yeah you're gonna stop some quality scoring chances once in a while
reinhard uh dude he's taking a big step this year close to a point per game offensively he's been
great and they weren't the worst comments in the world i can understand how he kind of regretted a
little bit because as is in hockey,
you don't like to rip on your teammates and call people out in public
like some other associations we know about.
But still, he didn't say anything that was that bad.
He kind of, as a new and upcoming leader on the Sabres, he says,
we need the goalies to be better.
I mean, it's a fact.
Now, granted, maybe you leave it within the locker room and you tell them,
guys, we need more out of you.
it's a fact now granted, maybe you leave it within the locker room and you tell them,
guys,
we need more out of you.
But still,
uh,
at some point,
you know,
their kind of lack of defense is going to get brought up in the media,
whether it's by players or reporters.
Um,
and quick shout out to Rasmus Deline,
who's quietly gone about one of the best 18 year old seasons.
A D man's ever had in the NHL.
I mean,
he's had 30 points.
He hasn't turned 19 years old,
54 games, 30 points.
The way he skates, we're looking at a future superstar.
Not just star, superstar.
Yeah, well, it's probably not the best idea to sue your goalie through the press,
but he got to meet a couple after, so it seems like all is well,
hopefully, with the locker room up there.
A couple other notes.
The Rangers celebrated the 25th anniversary of their 94 Cup win.
It was a big
deal what happened because it's in new york they had a i think what a 50 year slump of not one of
the cups so they had all the guys get together so it was a nice little take if you're a rangers fan
check it out uh bob cole called his last game in toronto as a tv play-by-play guy got a nice
round of applause from the uh the audience that night and uh come to find out that wayne gretzky
we did a segment last
week of a fellow in, I think it was Sweden, who signed
his contract on ice. Come to find out Wayne
Gretzky did the same thing for the Oilers back
in the day.
I think it was WHA still,
no?
Oh, okay, so the Oilers were in the WHA
when he signed that?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure. Yeah, because they were playing
Cincinnati, and actually one of our listeners chimed in and said,
hey, my dad was at that game and said he'd never forget it.
Really?
The kid's father's name, but he said his father played for Cincinnati.
That was the opposing team when it happened.
Of course, we talked about something that we didn't think ever happened,
and the greatest hockey player of all time had done it.
Stay hot, Chicklets.
Oh, by the way, too, the Rangers you brought up.
Fuck the Rangers.
They're halfway to another, like, 54-year drought.
So they got the one in 94.
That's another 25 years.
So let's see what ends up happening there.
Seems like they're a little ways off right now.
Wow, that's a good point.
Yeah, it has been that long since they did anything.
What else, Biz?
You got any other notes you want to share with the group here? No, I watched a good point. Yeah, it has been that long since they did anything. What else, Biz? You got any other notes you want to share with the group here?
No, I watched a couple documentaries.
I don't know if I talked last episode about the Fyre Festival.
Oh, yeah, that was good.
Awesome.
I recommend everyone check it out.
Just a crazy story and how it all went down.
Another one that I watched last night, the Bill Murray one,
and about how he randomly shows up at parties or or to bars and
just uh socializes with strangers and you know it's just a very interesting doc and how he
you know he he treats life like improv he doesn't have a cell phone he has a 1-800 number that
people can call and leave voicemails in order to get a hold of him and he it's just it's just
interesting you got to watch it and uh you know it's just it's just interesting you gotta watch it
and uh you know it's kind of sad a little bit just because like everybody's fucking constantly
putting cameras in his face you can tell it's annoying and he i feel like he really gravitates
towards the people who are just like genuine humans where he'll just strike up a combo
knowing that that person is not going to like completely fanboy out. So give it a watch.
I don't know the name of it.
Fuck, I should have had that prepared for you guys.
It has Bill Murray right in the title, like Bill Murray stories.
I saw that too.
I wasn't sure if it was any good or not.
Because have you ever heard these stories about Bill Murray
just like showing up to like a college party?
Oh, yeah.
Like get crushed with all these college students
and then all of them are messaging like
there was one in the dock i'll give one story away that he went to this party and then all of a
sudden there was like a live band playing in the house and he's playing the tambourine and obviously
it's like an apartment complex so they get tons of noise complaints well the cops show up and the
guy comes out to the front door and they're like hey you guys gotta shut the music off and he's
like hey dude he goes do what you gotta do in order to like find me, you guys got to shut the music off. And he's like, hey, dude, do what you got to do in order to find me.
But Bill Murray's in there playing the tambourine with the band.
So if you want to walk in and tell Bill Murray that he can't play the tambourine anymore, feel free.
So the cops walk in and Bill Murray just walks over with the tambourine.
He's like playing it right in their face and the cops are like, fuck this, we're hanging out.
So they start partying with Bill Murray and the band.
That's beautiful.
This is the weekend of the Pebble Beach
Pro-Am PGA Tour stop
and Bill Murray, fuck.
Big Bill Murray fan, but he might have to quit.
He's so annoying.
He's so annoying on this game.
Oh, why? Because he sucks at golf so bad?
He's not
great, but he's more just such a sideshow.
He's like always.
It was hilarious for a long time, but now at this point,
you're like, dude, kind of enough.
I don't know.
Really? You might get some backlash for ripping on Bill Murray.
Oh, I've heard this before.
Just in this tournament, people just had enough of Bill Murray
at the ATT Pebble Beach Pro-Am.
The old Bing Crosby, Clambake, whatever they called it.
Oh, quickly, before we wrap up,
because we've been doing this for a while,
thanks again to Scotty Upshaw.
This story from last night.
I'm out to dinner
with a bunch of buddies, and this involves
two of my friends.
One of my buddies,
I'm not going to name these kids.
I'm not going to chuck out the kid's name that I'm just
sewering, but they decided they're going to go, uh, skydiving like eight of them.
They actually, it's just like 10 years ago.
Cause I remember they went the day that I left for camp.
I left for training camp.
They drove down to Newport, Rhode Island.
They're going to go skydiving.
So one of my buddies puts all of them on the credit card.
Right.
And when he's talking to the lady, setting it up, she's like, is anyone, um,
no one's over 250 pounds, right?
The same thing happened to me when I went skydiving.
So, so he's like, uh, hold on, let me call you back.
Cause we had a buddy that, you know, he at least had to give him an ass.
Right. So he calls him up, kid answer. He's like, yo bro, I'm just booking this.
Uh, you're not over two 50. Are you? And the kid goes, uh, I'm hovering, but I know I'm,
I'm good. I'm hovering right around there, but I'm sure it'd be good. So they get down,
they drive down to Newport and he got to fill out the forms, fill out the forms.
So the, the, the, the big guy, the big guy writes, he's two 20 on the, on the form. Okay.
So they're handing them in and they kind of look over,
and they give you the jumpsuits that you got to put on.
So the kid, the big guy, goes to put on the jumpsuit,
and he's just like, look, it ain't zippering up.
He's too big for the suit.
So the lady's like, let me see your thing here.
220, I'm going to need you to step on a scale.
He's like, oh, my God.
This is in front of, I guess, like 20 people you to step on a scale he's like oh my god this is in front of
like i guess like 20 people steps on the scale 257 she's like uh you you you can't go on this
you're not gonna be able to do this now by the way what an amazing thing to lie about you'd think
if you'd be sure about one thing it'd be about your weight when you're skydiving so he's like
oh fuck really like stay there i can't go so this otheriving. So he's like, oh, fuck, really? Like, I can't go. So this other
worker comes over. He's like, listen, there's one guy who will take you, but he's in a different
plane. He's up there right now, but he's nuts. He'll take you. He'll strap you on and he'll
take you. He's the only guy that'll do it. Luckily, he's working that day. So the guy,
my buddy is like, oh, great. This is this is fabulous. So they're waiting around. They're
waiting around. Finally waiting around finally this fucking
nut comes in you know from flying on his separate plane for the big people for skydiving he walks
in everyone looks at him he goes who's the fat fuck i'm taking up today
me like walked over waddles over the guy strapped him on and they went up on a separate plane. And he did it.
And he did it.
And he did it.
I'm shocked that he wouldn't do his due diligence and knowing his exact weight, considering he's jumping out of a goddamn airplane.
Oh, this kid's an animal.
But just the fact that he's standing there waiting and the guy walks in.
Who's the fat fuck I'm taking out today?
The same exact thing actually happened to me with one of my buddies.
We drove three hours up north to, for this kid's birthday.
It was his birthday. And we got there.
They didn't tell us about the weight thing before. And we got there and they
were like, Hey, step on the scale.
He was two 56 and they wouldn't let him fly.
So he went in the car, ate a tin.
He was eating tobacco so he could throw up to lose.
He was eating tins. And then he went on a run.
It was like 95 degrees.
Put on all of our sweatshirts, all of our sweatpants.
Went on a run to try to lose the weight.
He ended up dropping to six pounds.
He got in at 249, and they let him skydive.
No way.
Fuck off.
I swear to God, it's a true story.
Fuck, that just gummied my story.
Pat Brothers.
Pat Brothers. All right, shut up, Patty boy. Fuck, that just gummied my story. Pat Brothers. Pat Brothers.
All right, shut up, Patty boy.
Was he puking after eating the 10 minutes?
He went right into the woods, stuck his fingers down his throat,
was puking, sat in the car with the heat cranked for like 10 minutes.
I'm going to tell you something.
If you can lose six pounds in like 45 minutes, you have a serious issue.
That kid, is he still enormous?
Oh, no, no. The kid ended up
actually going on to be like an unbelievable
lacrosse goalie. Ended up playing college
lacrosse, winning a national championship.
The legend grows.
I'm glad I brought that up.
Can you go skydiving?
Yes, I can
go skydiving. I'm just fucking
asking. I did an O you on my weight one on
one of my instagrams so i put 220 for the ou most people said over but all right boys i'm under 220
fun episode good luck to the anaheim ducks who uh who are in a fucking tailspin and as we're
wrapping up here boys those afternoon games are just closing out and three of those teams that
have been playing really well as of late
that we mentioned, the Islanders, Chicago, and St. Louis have all won today.
That means a three-game winning streak for the Islanders
as opposed to the two that we mentioned earlier.
Chicago is on fuego with seven wins in a row.
Quick note, Dylan Strom with his 10th multi-point game
since being traded over from Arizona.
He's got 30 points in 32 games.
So congratulations to him, a great kid.
And St. Louis with back-to-back wins against Nashville,
a little home and home there.
They're six wins in a row, 7-2-1 in their last 10 games.
And that's a significant weekend for them.
And they're now in the first wildcard position as opposed to Minnesota.
So that'll wrap things up uh that's the first time we've ever had a crazy update in the
midst of an episode with the carlisle news and that wraps things up so hopefully you guys enjoyed
scotty upshaw and we will talk to you guys on thursday peace
