Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
And as always, this episode of Spittin' Chicklets was brought to you by Blue Apron,
the number one fresh ingredient delivery service in the country.
So here's the deal with Blue Apron. Their mission is to make incredible home cooking
accessible to anyone and everyone. And as we all know, fresh, high-quality ingredients make
a huge difference.
So it's important to know where your food comes from,
and Blue Apron helps you do just that.
So for less than 10 per person and per meal,
Blue Apron delivers seasonal recipes along with pre-portioned ingredients to make delicious home-cooked meals.
Choose a variety of new recipes each week,
or let Blue Apron's culinary team surprise you.
And for someone as indecisive as myself, that's really something that can't be beat. Blue Apron has culinary team surprised you. And for someone as indecisive as myself,
that's really something that can't be beat.
Blue Apron has a special delivery option
so you can choose what fits your needs.
Check out this week's menu
and get your first three meals free
with free shipping by going to blueapron.com
slash chiclets.
And trust me when I say this,
you're going to love how good it tastes and feels
to cook home incredibly cooked meals.
So that's blueapron.com slash chicklets.
Go get your free meals now.
Blue Apron, a better way to cook. Welcome back to Spit and Chicklets, episode 15, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
We have a very special guest on today's show, our first actual active NHL player, Kevin Hayes from the New York Rangers in Dorchester, Mass.
He'll be joining us in just a bit.
But first, hello, Mikey.
Great show on tap for today, boys.
Grinnelli's here. Whitney?
What's going on, guys? How you doing?
Good. We want to send a hearty congratulations
your way for getting the gig
with the NHL Network, which is where you are now.
Tell us how it's been going so far.
It's been going great
uh tonight was my second night last night i was on 10 30 to midnight today just finished we went
from 6 to 8 30 um it's honestly it's a lot of fun uh good guys here today i was on with brian
lawton uh last night i was on with bill lindsey so it's good to uh be here talk hockey i mean it's
what we like to do it's pretty laid back really. Really cool studio. It's where the MLB
studio is too.
Great set, great setup.
Internet's a little scratchy right now, so
if you guys can't hear me or if I'm bubbling it out,
I apologize to all our
award-winning
listeners as we take that from PMT.
It's been a lot of fun
and it's funny because you see so
much that goes on.
You've got highlights of every game, and you're going in and out of games.
And the first thing that I noticed today when I woke up was that Marchand,
that play last night on Cronwell.
What did you guys think of that?
I saw it when it happened, because I even tweeted, like, I said I love Marchand,
but that's such a scumbag play, man.
And I was fighting with an arguing guy on Twitter.
I was like, ooh, it's a trip.
What's the big deal?
I'm like, it's a slow foot. He. I was like, it's a trip. What's the big deal? It's a slow foot.
He's like, well, it's a trip.
He says, oh, so every kid in fall is a slow foot.
I says, buddy, he comes behind me and he kicks his leg out.
That makes you vulnerable to land on your head and break your fall on your head.
That's what fourth liners do.
Yeah, it's shit he used to do, and he got it out of his system.
But I thought he was going to get suspended given his past.
Are you surprised he didn't, Ryan?
I'm going to just go in on something.
First, I'm going to lay it out that I'm friends with Brad Marchand. I think he's an
unbelievable player. Career year, he's already
got two goals tonight as they're up 3-2
on Pittsburgh right now. Having said
all that and putting that away and how much I like
that guy and his game, that was
so fucking dirty.
Slew footing is the dirtiest playing hockey i'll tell
you a quick story as how i realized how dirty it was yeah i was 14 years old i was playing in like
a mass satellite thing and some kids slew footed me and my father was and listen i'm not tough i'll
be the first to admit it my father was screaming at me kill that kill that fucking guy that's the
dirtiest playing in hockey.
And after the game, he went into a long spiel about how if anyone ever does that to you,
swing your stick off their fucking head.
Because slew footing, listen, seriously, think about it.
If you sucker punch someone, you're in front of them.
Grant, if you come from the side, it's different.
You sucker someone from in front, you're at least in front of them.
They can see you.
A slew foot is the most dangerous play
you're sitting there completely unaware of whatever's behind you and not only do you have
a guy attacking from behind but he takes your legs out you're on ice obviously you'll find out
you can break your neck you can crush your ankle he did it before to Derek Broussard too a couple
years ago and Broussard went into the boards I'm surprised he didn't snap his femur in half
I couldn't believe he wasn't suspended for that
play. And I honestly think it was Jeremy
Jacobs fucking calling the league and
being like, you know, you're not suspended.
I'm giving him his 10,000 fine. Like, he's
almost making one of those decisions because I
was shocked when I saw that play. And the
only reason he didn't was probably because he didn't
use his arm to kind of get his upper body
going back as he used his leg
to trip him. Yeah, it was like a flyby.
There's no place for that.
And if somebody's on Twitter telling you that that's a trip,
that guy's a complete fucking moron.
That's not a trip.
That's attacking someone from behind.
I tapped out after he just wasn't going to get it.
Not a bad guy, just like, all right, buddy.
You just agree to disagree here.
But, yeah, it's a dirty play.
I saw it, and I called it right out. And I was expecting that he would hear from the Department of Player Safety.
And, yeah, I was surprised he got a 10-grand fine given his track record.
I mean, you know, he had the low bridge on Salo.
One thing about the Salo low bridge, he got suspended for.
Salo.
Salo, Salo, whatever, fucking blah, blah.
I'm on speed.
Have some respect for your opponent.
Hey, let me hit the ball.
I'm on a speed. So, anyways, he. You, let me eat the ball. I'm on a speed.
So anyways, he...
You're like Don Cherry.
Yeah, I know, xenophobe.
No, he...
But a lot of people don't remember,
or people forget that.
In game six, I'm sorry,
game seven of the Stanley Cup in 2011,
Salo, whatever, slew foot,
Marchand, when the Bruins had that game
probably pretty much in hand.
It was like 3-0, 4-0,
and Salo slew foot, Marchand, When the Bruins had that game probably pretty much in hand, it was like 3-0, 4-0. And Salah slew foot, march on, ironically.
And it was real dangerous.
And I think that was one of those, like, oh, I'm going to
hockey players got memories like elephants.
And I think that's when Salah come after him, he kind of was like, fuck it.
You know, like, I'll low bridge him after he slew foot me.
That's how I remember it anyways.
Because, you know, because I was in the league for so long.
Speaking of being in the league, Ryan, all-star break
coming up, probably good news for the Bruins.
You were named to an all-star
team if Remry serves, correct?
I played in a
Young Stars game in Dallas
which was awesome.
I would have been in the game
I don't even know what year it was
in Edmonton. I was having a big year when I got hurt 35 games in.
So I didn't get to,
I never technically played in an all-star game as an all-star.
I played it as a young star,
but the whole weekend is awesome.
This year,
I can't imagine in LA.
I was lucky enough.
I was in Dallas and not fucking Columbus or something or Carolina,
but it's such a great weekend because you get the best players in the world
there.
Big parties, you're partying. You're all dude you're ripping it up every night there's a
different party i mean it's not like uh the super bowl parties but in la this year i'm sure it'll be
great and i mean for everyone out there that that kind of loves watching the games usually
last year was interesting the three on three was a was a big hit i think but guys are just
completely shit face we're not, not shit-faced.
They're so hungover during those games that it makes it even more fun
because it's a great weekend to celebrate guys who are having great years.
And a lot of times you see someone that kind of only gets to play in one.
Like this is Marshawn's first.
Wayne Simmons is in it this year.
That's his first.
And many times it ends up being a guy who has won an all-star game.
So it's just a great weekend to be a part of
actually I got a pretty funny story
thinking back to my
time getting to go down to All-Star
weekend in Dallas
the league will fly you first class
obviously if you make the game
so I was like
oh great this is awesome but Crosby
was going and
Malkin was also playing in the Young Stars.
No, I'm sorry.
Crosby was going, and Stahl and I were in the Young Stars game, or maybe Malkin.
I don't know.
My memory sucks.
It has nothing to do with the story.
But instead of taking my first-class flight, Crosby was like, well, listen,
we're going down on Mario's plane.
It's Mario, his wife, me, my dad and then you and stalzy or malcolm whatever and
i'm like oh great that's unbelievable i'm like this is sick private jet down there don't even
have to worry about going to the airport so i show up to the plane and i walk on the plane
and i see five seats and i see sid his dad mario mario's wife and the other penguins guy i don't
know if it was fucking stall orer Malkin and I'm like
uh what the
where am I gonna sit I was like in my head I'm not
gonna say anything Mario's on the plane
and I just hear somebody
I think it was the pilot like oh yeah
sex guy we're gonna have you sit
sit in the bathroom for the trip
I was like what
they put all the bags
they put all the bags in the bathroom of this private jet
and I sat on the shitter with my
legs up on these people's fucking
luggage and then every time someone would take a piss,
I had to get up and stand.
That's like when they have to move a
fucking prisoner. Holy shit.
Shitter's full. I was like,
dude, I had a first class ticket down there
and I'm sitting in the shitter right now on the way to Dallas, what an all-star experience
Oh my god, that's so fucking humiliating
That's hilarious
I was like, I know where I'm sitting
But fuck
At least I was on a plane with Mario
I was moving so he could take a shit
But guys who don't play, that's when they usually jet off
To the Caribbean or
Go golfing and have their own adventures.
Isn't that a big vacation, getaway weekend for the guys who want the All-Star game too?
Yeah, it's great.
I mean, it's awesome.
I went down in Edmonton, myself, Taylor Hall, Sam Gagne.
I went down to Cabo.
And then you always see, there's a couple places that people go.
They go to Cabo, they're going to Bahamas, Atlanta.
So you always run into other guys.
We ran into a bunch of the avalanche guys.
Uh,
some of the St.
Louis blues,
actually Kevin Shattenkirk had just been traded from Colorado,
St.
Louis.
So then you got eight guys in,
in Cabo.
And I,
I kind of flew two of my buddies down,
uh,
my good buddies,
Ned and then Chris Donnelly,
Ned Haven and Chris Donnelly.
So we had a great time.
It's just three days of waking up,
having drinks,
uh, golf. And I think nowadays, I. It's just three days of waking up, having drinks, golfing.
I think nowadays, I bet you
it's a little different where guys, it's just the
games change a little, so guys are probably getting workouts
in, but needless to say, we were
not at that point down in Cabo Wabo.
Just crushing Miami Vices, playing some
beach volleyball. Fucking Sammy Hager.
Yeah.
So, I mean,
All-Star weekend's great. it's a good it's a good kind of the unofficial split
of the season for guys to to go get after it and then the guys who did make it to go have a great
yeah now the games the games themselves um oh sorry god i think we you faded out for a second
i didn't know i thought we lost you all right anyways the games no no this is what sucks about
skype yeah the games themselves though there's i mean This is what sucks about Skype. Yeah. The games themselves, though.
I mean, for all the All-Star games, there's not like a shitload of great All-Star game memories.
The game itself isn't always good.
Last year was an exception.
John Scott winning the MVP, shoving it up Gary Bettman and Colin Campbell's ass, both their asses.
That was great to see. We talked to Ray Bork at the Garden in 1996.
He scored the backhanded to win it.
That was the only time the home team gets a moment like that.
You know, Owen Nolan calling his shot.
But otherwise, I mean, there's not a shitload of, like, iconic NHL All-Star Game memories like there are in other sports.
So, you know, it's like, you know, the game's fun, but it's one of those, like, I'm just going to bet the over and kind of, like, fight around on Twitter when the game comes on.
Yeah.
I have a great memory just because I was,
whenever the All-Star game was in Boston, I think it was 96.
Yeah, first year at the Fleet Center.
My dad took, you know, I was, like, 12 or 13.
So at the peak of your, like, love for the NHL
and wanting to be a pro hockey player when you're a young kid you
know 12 13 years old so my dad took me into the skills competition and then the game which ray
bork won um with a backhander when we were right behind the net we actually snuck up into those
snuck up into the premium seat so that was actually that's just one of my my favorite
memories of growing up because i was there and the hometown hero sniped the game winner it was
also that game was also the uh that was the first time they ever introduced the Fox Glow Puck.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Remember that fucking thing?
I mean, it was.
Which, dude, I don't even fucking hate that thing.
I'll argue anyone.
I mean, technology now would probably be cool.
I kind of like the idea.
I will not dog it.
It ended up looking goofy, but the whole thought of it,
there was actually, there's actually a great article on the oral history or whatever
of going over how they thought of that idea.
It's somewhere on Twitter.
We'll have Mike Grinnelly tweet it out, or we'll say we'll tweet it out.
We never will.
You said oral.
So anyways, the all-stop break.
What?
Nothing.
Go ahead.
No, no, no.
I was just going to say it's a good weekend for everyone,
and it's cool for the fans to kind of take a step back
and see where your team's at, what players are doing what.
And, I mean, we're going to have to name who we think kind of the award winners are
for this first half, I would say.
You won the Segway fight, and that's what I was going to say.
Yeah, this is kind of you can measure up your team.
You know, if you were going to give the awards at this point in the season,
I'll go, you know, the Norris Trophy, Brent Burns, no brainer, 20 goals.
Me too.
I'd say Brent Burns as well.
What about you, Witts?
We'll do that.
We'll go one at a time.
Yeah, I mean, you've got to go Burns.
He's fourth in the league in scoring right now.
I mean, he's actually, like, quietly, because he's out in San Jose,
not getting nearly enough attention for what he's doing,
because it's insane what he's accomplishing right now.
San Jose fucking ended up abused in Minnesota on that trade.
No disrespect to Charlie Coyle at all,
but fucking Burns just ended up being way better than I think people thought.
Selke.
Bergeron and Taves aren not having their usual great years.
I haven't seen a lot of Kopita.
Offensively, though, they're not having good years offensively.
I wouldn't necessarily say Bergeron's having a terrible defensive year.
Yeah, he started off.
Yeah, but you have to win the Selke.
Unfortunately, it is what it is.
You've got to be a great shutdown center, but you've also got to get some points.
And that's why, for me, it's Ryan Kessler right now.
I know people aren't going to love hearing that.
He's not the most loved player in the league, but he's leading Anaheim
in scoring. He's my Selkie pick.
He's my Selkie pick.
I've got to agree with you.
I'm sure there's other names out there
that are escaping me right now, but Kessler's
one of those names that automatically comes to mind.
What do you got, Grinnells?
I would probably
go with Bergeron, and I say
that as a homer completely.
And I say that only...
I say that just because, you know,
look at the Bruins' defense, as
well as, you know, Tuka Rask
as well, and they're struggling, so...
Alright, we're going to keep
whizzing through these a little. Vezna Trophy,
I mean, it's fucking Dubnikicks to lose from here on out.
I mean, when you're leading the league in three or four statistical categories,
it's impossible, really, to give it to anybody else.
Mikey?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm with you on that.
Wits?
Well, we can't agree on everything, so I'll go Holpe.
Sick shutouts.
Leads the league in shutouts.
And you know what?
To be a little cocky motherfucker right now,
I picked Washington to win the Cup, and I was panicking,
but look at them right now.
Columbus had a 16-game winning streak.
Washington's still ahead of them in the standings.
So a team like that, firing all cylinders,
I really think this is their year,
and part of it's because they do have a top three goal in the league with Hopi.
I love his game.
All right.
There's a different pick.
We're going to go to the next one.
Actually, we're not going to do the Bing.
I don't even know why I put that there.
That was just me being a fucking wise guy.
So the last one here, we'll call it the combination hot slash Lindsay
because there's basically two MVP trophies.
There's a lot of different candidates.
I'm going to fucking say Austin Matthews because he single-handedly resurrected the fucking Toronto Maple Leafs to a possible playoff run,
which I don't think anybody thought was going to happen in the fall.
So he's getting my vote today.
Yeah, I mean, that's a great pick.
It seems like this is a year where there's so many picks.
There's a ton of good guys.
Yeah, I got to go with mcdavid i it's like the obvious
pick but just the way edmonton's changed and without him it's not the same he's leading the
league in scoring i do not think at the end of the year he'll be leading the scoring i think
crosby will overtake him just because he's got some more talent around him but in terms of like
what he's done and what you get to watch him do every night to me he's an mvp you always wonder
about the mvp is it the best player in the league,
or is it the guy most valuable to his team?
It's one of those age-old terrible debates
that you constantly hear.
But he could be the winner when you look at it both ways.
So, Connor McDavid and his first of many heart trophies.
I'm going to give it to him.
I think I would go with Brent Burns, to be honest.
I mean, fourth in the league.
I love it.
Fourth in the league in points.
And like you said, I mean... It's been a while. What, Pronger, the last defenseman to win it, is Burns, to be honest. I mean, fourth in the league. I love it. Fourth in the league in points. And like you said, I mean.
It's been a while.
What, Pronger, the last defenseman to win it is MVP, no?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, and, you know, I just think what he's doing in San Jose right now is unbelievable right now.
All right.
So that little half way through the year, take a look at things.
And now we're pleasantly surprised and happy to have kevin hayes on
hazy thank you so much for joining spitting chiclets we appreciate it how you're feeling
after the injury buddy let us know you're okay just a couple weeks right of course i'm okay
you know i'm always okay yeah just a couple i know you're always good buddy two two three two
three weeks hopefully we got some hockey questions that are going to come up but first i really have one question and i watch you play hockey big body out there great hands soft mittens how are your hands
so bad when we play golf around the greens you hockey stick it around the green you can toe drag
defense in the nhl it makes no sense but if you think about it this way if they ever let me use a
hockey stick on the golf course i'd be
shooting under par every single time i was out on the fucking course where were you on that one
fucking happy gilmore is happy if you think about it though that way like if they ever let me use
my nexus 800 with a p92 curve i'd be shooting under par every single time dude your driver swings
the same exact thing as when you do that back scratcher one timer from the slot
i know it's dead center 300 every time minus 150
hey um so one one funny thing i think we talked about like how how much you enjoyed hanging out
with keith yandel can you give me a quick story about the jt miller car on the highway i know
that's one of your favorites and i think people need to hear that one of course yeah i mean milsy
milsy obviously he's a great guy so if he's listening to this he knows i love him but no
hazy hazy stop one sec i need to let everyone know know that I've been told JT Miller is a big hunter and he has a tattoo of a deer on him on his shoulder.
But he's actually never shot a deer.
Is that true?
No joke.
If any of you listeners shoot a deer, see if the deer has a tattoo of JT Miller on that.
Oh, my God.
It might be true, I heard.
Oh, fuck.
I don't do a lot of hunting, but I heard that some deer have JT Miller tattooed on them.
Classic.
I need to hear this again.
So, Millsy showed up to exit meetings and wanted to get out of there quickly because he had to drive back to Pitt.
And Pitt's like five hours away from the city.
But Nehans and Nasher saw that JT's car was running.
That's how quick he wanted to get out of there.
He left his car running.
And he left his car running in the parking lot so yans and nasher actually got in the car and drove it on the sawmill and left it
oh my god dude What did he do?
Just have panic?
He was panicking and trying to figure out where his car was.
And I'm obviously in on the joke, but I know what happened.
But I just had to play dumb.
And he's asking everyone where his car is.
But, yeah, I mean, if you're ever driving down the sawmill and you see
Milt's car, he's still looking for it.
That's a fucking riot. Speaking of cars, are you still driving a Jeep Wrangler?
By the way, all listeners,
Kevin Hayes' stud New York Ranger was driving a Jeep Wrangler
with the top down around Manhattan bumping Biggie.
Love it.
Love it.
You got to give a shout out to Biggie for sure.
But no, I got to upgrade it a bit.
I got a Maserati.
You heard of it?
Oh.
Not a Big D.
Fucking dot rat with our fucking Maserati.
Not too shabby, brother.
Not too shabby.
What a league.
Well, all right.
Go ahead.
I know you got something to ask about the city stuff.
Thanks again, pal, for coming on.
You're actually first active NHL guest.
I know technically you're hurt right now, but you're an active player,
so we're psyched to have you on.
What's it like playing as a Boston kid in New York, man?
I mean, everyone thinks we're jealous of that place, and we're like,
no, if we wanted to live there, we'd fucking move there.
But you had an opportunity to move there, so I can understand as a Boston kid
not wanting to play here because everybody would be up your ass fucking for tickets and
nonstop shit as your brother could probably
attest to this year. But what's it like down
playing in the city? I mean, is it overwhelming
at times? Are you able to block that shit
out? How do you deal with all that?
Yeah, it's nice. I mean,
obviously I love Boston.
It's a great
place and I know
Jimmy loves it there too, but it's nice being, it's a great place and I know Jimmy loves it there too
but it's nice being
it's like three hours away
so it's kind of a hike for people to come visit
so you kind of get close friends come visit
and stuff but
the only thing I think that New York hates me for
is how much I love the Patriots
and the Celtics and the Sox
but I mean
it's tough when you win Patri you win patriots here when the super
bowl again socks you're always in the playoffs celtics win every other night it's it's tough
when new york kind of has these down teams outside of the rangers and and you're happy that these
boston teams are winning so i think only only the the fans are kind of jealous of that i get to see
the patriots win every weekend and but at the same time, they're kind of happy that I play for the Rangers.
So it's a nice little mix.
I think they're kind of jealous, but they like it.
So it's a real hard knock life is what you're saying.
That's the big dilemma.
You've got to be a fan of the Patriots and Red Sox.
Man, I'm jealous.
Now, got to go to dog play.
Hey, but Hazy.
It's easy when they're winning every night.
Exactly.
Hazy.
But the girls are better looking in Boston, though.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Let's not disrespect the ladies of our fine city here, Ryan, okay?
I'm going to.
I'm going to disrespect the ladies of our fine city.
Of course there's going to be more.
R.A. loves his Dorchester chicks on spring break.
You know that.
And, of course, there's going to be more in a city of fucking 20 million or whatever New York has.
There's going to be more pretty girls. I mean, million or whatever New York has There's gonna be more Pretty girls
I mean that's
That's logically
Don't pick on the local girls
Kevin
What's the best pizza
In Dorchester
First off
Best pizza
Was Mario's
But it's gone
Alright
Are you a big
Lamberts guy
No I've seen better
I've seen better cuts
At Lamberts
Than half the
Baseball players
Not a big Wow not a big Lamberts guy.
All right, Grinnelli, you've got a question on producer.
Kevin, a question for you.
I know you're, like you said, you're a big Tom Brady fan,
big Pats fan, as am I.
You know, like I told Bucci last week, I think besides our good man J.C.,
Jesus Christ, I think Tom Brady is the greatest human being to ever walk the earth.
After Keith Yandel.
Oh, after Keith Yandel as well.
After Yandel.
So if Tom Brady wins the Super Bowl and when Roger Goodell has to hand him the trophy, do you tell him to fuck himself?
Because I saw your tweet the other day.
100.
Love it.
Love it Love it
I actually
I actually would
If I was Tom Brady
I would make Roger Goodell
Hand it off
To someone that's not
Within the Patriots organization
To hand it to Brady
Oh that
Maybe he'll do that
That would be sick actually
He'd be like
No go give it to that
Pigeon taking picture
And then he can give it to me
You see that person in the 300
Go get him
Give him the trophy
Let him touch it
Deflate it.
Deflate that metal thing.
He's going to take it and smile and fucking be classy and fucking, you know, that's all he's going to do.
If Brady had any balls, he would Gronk Spike the Lombardi Trophy and then look at Roger Goodell and stuff him in a locker.
Love it.
Love it.
Fucking hilarious.
How often does Auntie Joannie make it down to New York?
She's been here a couple times.
Yeah.
Has she had any experiences with the Garden Oshers or any of those?
I know when Keith Kachuk used to play at the Old Garden,
there was always a Donnybrook because you'd have a bunch of Charlestown guys
with Winnipeg Jets shirts on.
Actually, Charlestown girls with Winnipeg Jets shirts on. Actually, Charlestown girls with Winnipeg Jets shirts on
end up getting in fist fights with
Boston guys. She hasn't talked to the ushers yet.
That's good.
Vesey's here now, so maybe she'll be here more often.
Oh, yeah. She's actually
both you guys aren't.
She's the only person on the planet. I know everyone
in the NHL is related nowadays, but
I think Joanne is the only one who has two
nephews on the same team.
Three in the league. Three in the two nephews on the same team. Three.
Three in the league.
Yeah, three in the league, two on the same team.
Kev, I also wanted to ask you about Jimmy Veazey there
because you mentioned his name.
He's a guy we all kind of wanted to come play for the Bruins
when he was lighting it up at Harvard.
Fucking trainer.
Obviously, you're good friends with him.
If I'm Jimmy Veazey, there's no question in my mind I go down and play for the Rangers.
24 years old, New York City.
There's probably nothing better than that.
Did you just take him out one night and just bombard him with beautiful women
and bottle service and partying with Portnoy?
What did you do to just get
him to come or or was it an easy decision for him i mean playing for the rangers is an easy decision
but but uh it's tough being a hometown kid and you don't want to go your hometown it's a lot of
pressure and then uh you want to stay in the east so chicago is kind of out of the mix they're
probably the other best team to play for and uh then he comes down, he comes out with me one night,
meets my buddy Colin Scaff, and he shows him a good night out.
It's kind of tough to say no to this city.
I mean, this city is unbelievable.
I'm sure all three of you guys have seen it here.
To be on a successful team here, there's nothing like it.
I mean, in the summers when we come back, it's amazing. During the season, there's nothing like it. In the summers when we come back,
it's amazing. During the season, it's
great.
Boston, I love Boston
with all my heart, but I think New York's
kind of far enough, but close enough
at the same time that it's the best situation.
Do you live on
Manhattan or do you live out in the suburbs, Kev?
No, I live right in Manhattan.
Fucking A, brother. It's a quiet town. Fucking A, brother the suburbs, Kev? No, I live right in Manhattan. Ah, fucking A, brother.
Yeah, it's a quiet song.
Fucking A, brother.
Hey, Kev, listen, is, and I think, like, people really don't understand,
but you got to tell, like, how good looking is Lundqvist.
When you see that motherfucker come in every day, it's just a joke.
He's just a handsome motherfucker.
It really is.
He's a good-looking cat.
Michael Douglas throwing a white man in will make me moist.
He can do... He's just...
He walks in, whether he's in a suit or in his street clothes,
he looks like a model.
Even in his equipment, he looks good.
I know.
So do you.
I appreciate that.
Kev, do you have a list of... you would have to give if the team approached you about a trade?
Do you have one of those, like, these are teams I'm not going to go to?
Do you have that right in your contract?
I don't.
I'm too young for that, but hopefully one day I'll have that.
Yeah.
Any cities you already have in mind?
That I don't want to go to?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
I can list them for him.
They'll probably get me in trouble.
Everywhere Whitney's been?
Edmonton, Winnipeg.
The list could go on and on, but we don't want to be mean.
No, no, no.
We'll just pick on Boston girls.
They'll get me in trouble.
No, we don't want to do that.
I just feel like at some point you and Johnny Hockey have to be reunited and play together again.
I think people would love to hear about Johnny Hockey's diet at 10.30 on a Tuesday night in the middle of the summer.
Ooh, breaking news.
Skittles and Mountain Dew.
He can play like that.
Skittles and Mountain Dew.
Oh, my God.
Well, buddy, listen, I really appreciate you coming coming on i wish you could come on for a
whole episode like we did with bison at some point i i would love to have you but i know the all-star
break's coming up and i do want to let everyone know um knowing you and jimmy for so long two
great guys that mean a lot to me and the effort that you put in this summer to uh cut down some
of those lbs and just have the year that you're having so far. It's great to see you, and I'm happy for you.
So thanks so much for joining us.
I appreciate it.
Whit wouldn't let me drink on the course,
so he's kind of 50 of why I lost all the weight.
That's because you get better when you drink,
and I'm giving you enough drugs anyway.
No joke, 100.
I'll shoot 24 through the first three, crush about 10 Bud Lights,
and I'm shooting par.
Hey, Kev.
Ain't no big deal.
Thanks for having us on, Kev.
We're going to be hitting down the city at some point,
maybe close to the playoffs.
We're going to have a little Chicklets week at the headquarters,
so we'll definitely hit you up when we're coming down.
We'll have you come by the studio and have you on the show again.
So thanks for coming on.
Appreciate it immensely.
Sounds good to me.
And tell your parents I said hello. I haven't seen them for a while. I will. Okay, buddy. I will. Take care. See you guys. All. So thanks for coming on. Appreciate it immensely. Sounds good to me. And tell your parents I said hello.
I haven't seen them for a while.
I will.
Okay, buddy.
I will.
Take care.
See you guys.
All right.
Thanks, Kev.
And once again, thank you very much to Kevin Hayes of the New York Rangers
for coming on the show.
His interview was brought to you by BetDSI.com.
Football season, one big game left.
Lots of bets, lots of things you can play with.
So get on to BetDSI.
You want to bet halftime, you want to bet the coin toss
You want to bet how long the national anthem is going to be
All that jazz is available on BetDSI
Everything you want
Hockey playoffs are just around the corner
NBA playoffs are around the corner
Over 20 years in the business, BetDSI
Top rated on all the sportsbook sites
It's a great mobile product
That's easy to use from anywhere
It's live in-game wag's easy to use from anywhere.
It's live in-game wagering.
Bet games at the half after the period,
all that stuff.
Great customer service, always there,
24-7, 365 when you need them.
Fantastic reputation,
built on fast payment when you win.
And there's a free 10 to try the service just for registering.
It's a 200 bonus on your first deposit
when you use the code SPIT200.
Again, that code is SPIT200.
For both new and returning members, it is automated, so they should see it in the cashier.
200 means if you deposit a nickel, a.k.a. 500, you'll get a diamond total bonus, a.k.a. 1,000 in total bonus credits.
So the total winds up being 1,500.
Pretty good deal.
This is for both sports and casinos.
So when you deposit a nickel, a.k.a. 500,
you get 1,000 in your sports account and 500 in your casino.
So again, betdsi.com.
Code is SPIT200.
Give it a whirl.
Happy gaming.
And now we have All Right Hamilton where we take our listener questions.
Mikey Grinelli, question number one.
All right, so we potentially got the best All Right Hamilton we've ever received this week.
Sean Morris sent us a picture of John Tortorella in high school in his high school yearbook.
And in the description, it says,
Bachelors III, in the end, Lana's Garage.
So the question is, and there's a bunch of other stuff, a bunch of random bathroom brawls,
living at snakes, where's muskies, all this weird stuff.
But the question is, we need Whitney and R.A. to figure out what went down in Lana's Garage, 4-18-1975.
So you guys give your best guess as to what happened in Lana's
garage in 1975 that was
so awesome that Torts put it in his
high school yearbook. First over the pants
handjob. Good guess.
Great guess.
That's a
great one actually. Fuck I
wish I said that. That was a good line.
Torts in a garage in high school
dude I feel like he could have just been like having his buddies all I wish I said that. That was a good line. Torts in a garage in high school.
Dude, I feel like he could have just been, like, having his buddies all sucker punch him to see, like, if they could knock him out. And then he just, like, eats them all and then the dummy and everyone.
And then he gets, like, a BJ from some rocket.
Torts was a handsome bastard, dude.
I saw his big hair.
He didn't look too bad.
Also, I will say, as we talk about John Tortorella's
first over-the-pants handjob, I will say
that we should be...
It just came out
that he's actually not going to be coaching the All-Star game
and he's not coaching tonight for Columbus
because he's got a family emergency. So, with his son
being an Army Ranger, I just want to say
I'm sure we all hope that everything's okay with his family
and hope that it doesn't involve his son
who's fighting to protect our freedom.
So a little bit of a downer, but I just saw that on the ticker here.
So I just want to make sure that's out there.
Good job, brother.
Media wit.
Media wits all over.
Look at him.
I trained him well.
Big J.
Train?
Pardon?
Big J.
Journal.
Come on, brother.
Fucking help your brother out, will you?
All right.
Grinnelli, did you answer yet?
Did you know what fucking Twitter element or um you know I was
thinking he you know I I was kind of going in which direction I was thinking he you know like
won a pull-up contest with his buddies or something and like like like they all took their shirts off
and like did a pull-up contest and and he won so that that was my guess I remember or they just or
it was like first guy to puke they chuggedged beers, and it was first guy to puke.
Oh, yeah.
He never puked, and then he spit all the beer in everyone's face.
Definitely.
Or first guy to pack a lip out of his friends that night.
My worst fucking hoop game in high school ever after my first OTPHJ.
Wow.
Fucking women weak in legs.
I was donezo.
Forget about it.
All right, Grinnelly, next question.
All right, so our good friends at Kino Radio ask,
Hey, Whit, laces around socks,
total hoser move, or financially
savvy?
Laces around socks,
just get off the ice, go
fucking sell your gear, and don't ever play
hockey again. That's a trash move by
trash people. Spend a little
money to buy some tape or steal tape from somebody.
You don't tie laces around your pads and expect to come off as a good hockey player.
I don't care.
People say it doesn't matter what you look like when you skate.
You have laces around your shin pads.
I have no respect for you.
Did you know that Fidelberg wore that at Fenway?
Or were you aware of that?
I saw pictures of him do that at like
Florida State.
I was disgusted.
I don't even...
I know you said
he's not that bad
of a player,
but fights,
I mean,
come on, man.
And the fucking...
Sorry, live update.
Bruins were up 4-2.
Pittsburgh just cut it
to 4-3.
Oh, put it in your pants.
Put it in your pants.
If Pittsburgh comes back,
I just hope they win by two.
Mwaka, mwaka.
All right. Those laces over your socks are trash. by two. Mwaka, mwaka. All right.
Those laces over your socks are trash.
We got that done.
Next one.
One more question.
Grinnells.
All right.
And, you know, I hate to keep it with the Bruins here, but the question is from Dell20.
How is Carlo still getting a regular shift on the Bs?
I'd rather have Grinnelli out there.
Oh!
He must have saw you at Fenway, huh?
A thousand percent.
I'm going to have to stop copying him.
Essentially, Whit, my question is, you know, do you stick with it?
I'll elaborate this.
Do you stick with a young defenseman that's going through tough times,
or, you know, do you ride him out on the bench?
No, you stick with him.
What is that guy talking about?
I mean, like, he hasn't, I've noticed a little bit of struggle, but like, who are you going
to play instead of him?
I think Carlos had a really good overall rookie year, young defenseman, skates real well,
made some great, great, great steps in terms of like, you know, making plays when Chara's
not with him.
Everyone's going to struggle.
I think he's the hardest position to learn to play,
especially as a young kid. I never even came close to
playing in the NHL when I was his age.
So I don't really get that question.
I think if one thing you're looking at a bright spot
at the Bruins, it is Carlo.
Although, Grinnelli, I wouldn't mind seeing you out there running around.
You'd probably be slew-footing people.
Yeah, exactly. I wouldn't
slew-foot people, but I'd definitely be
a rat, to say the least. Yeah, exactly. I wouldn't slew foot people, but I'd definitely be a rat, to say the least.
Yeah, I'd say that the kid's definitely hit a wall a little bit, which is, again, expected.
He's 19, and if he struggles a little more, I wouldn't be surprised to see him get a view from upstairs.
Because sometimes, I mean, that does kind of help a guy if he's struggling, does it not, Ryan, if you get a view from upstairs?
No, it really does I think that um you get a moment of kind of seeing how much time you have uh going up top is is really
helpful you see the game in the pace that you can play it at at certain times you know you're on the
ice everything's happened so quick the one thing that frustrates you know it always has is scouts
and GMs and and assistant
coaches are up top the game's so easy from up there and like even you know i retire quick i'll
watch the game from up top and you forget like oh my god down there it's happening 10 times the
speed than it looks from here so when you're up top and that's why fans i think are like oh how
did he not see that guy what the fuck is he doing on that play it's an easy game when you realize
that or when you see that you think people have time.
And on the ice, it just happens so quick that it never goes as smooth as it looks like it should.
Yeah, yeah, definitely slow it down.
You can kind of, you know, see the X's and O's a little bit from up top.
I know that because I had season tickets in the last row of the balcony.
All right, one other thing we haven't done a lot of.
We've been lucky getting guests on it for a long time, but we haven't talked too much of non-hockey stuff.
We like to talk about what we've been doing in non-hockey ventures as far as TVs and movies and whatever we've been seeing.
Have either of you guys watched The Young Pope on HBO or Jude Law?
I have not, but I've heard extremely good things.
What about you, Wits?
No, I haven't either.
I won't be checking that one out either.
No, it's definitely not for everybody.
I mean, Jude Law is unbelievable, and he's like a mesmerizing. Just to give you either. No, it's definitely not for everybody. I mean, Jude Law is unbelievable and he's like a mesmerizing.
Just to give you a little update, it's not a true story.
It's a fictional story based
on an American
pope. He's like an arrogant,
manipulative pope. Well, priest who
becomes the pope. And it's all about
the machinations of how
the bureaucracy of the fucking Vatican
works. And it doesn't sound like something you'd want to watch,
but the way they film it.
Sounds horrendous.
It's mesmerizing.
The acting's great.
They have, like, an international cast.
I mean, you know, Jude Law's English.
Diane Keaton's in it.
She's fucking really good in it.
And there's a lot of, like, Italian actors, French actors.
Like, a lot of people that Americans aren't aware of.
So the acting's great.
The cinematography's great.
They filmed it at this famous studio in Italy.
It was actually three different companies.
HBO, France's big
cable company, and I believe Sky
in Great Britain. They all
put money together, which is kind of unusual. It's kind of
like three studios in Hollywood
putting money together to make a movie.
This is a huge deal in Italy because
anything to do with the Catholics over there.
Anyways, I don't know if you guys saw it.
I'm too busy watching Witt on the NHL Network.
Yeah, no shit at all.
Holla, holla, you heard?
One other one, and this isn't millennial shit.
Witt, have you been watching the New Edition miniseries on BET?
It's out fucking standing.
Pardon?
The New Edition.
Please, please, please tell me you two shitheads know who the fucking new edition is.
I don't know who the new edition is.
I'll fucking quit if you just don't.
I know who the new edition is.
I have no clue who the new edition is.
You're kidding.
No clue.
You don't know who the new edition is.
No.
Really?
I actually know that one.
Is it on BET, you said?
No.
It's on BET?
You don't know.
The new edition, the miniseries.
The band.
It's a six-hour miniseries about the band, New Edition.
And you don't know the band, New Edition, from Boston, from Roxbury.
No.
What'd they sing?
Candy Girl.
What'd they sing?
Candy Girl, Popcorn Love.
Oh, yeah.
That's a jam.
You are my world.
Candy Girl.
Oh, I can get down to that.
All right.
All right.
Anyway, I'm relieved now
I mean fucking Grinnelli knew it and you didn't
I was going to have an issue
anyways BET's done a six hour miniseries
actually part three is airing right now
Thursday night it's fucking phenomenal
it's not like the Lifetime
you know Lifetime does like the fucking
stupid show at Screech
they did like a Lifetime movie for that you know what's that fucking whatever Screech you don show at Screech there. They did like a Lifetime movie for that.
You know, what's that fucking whatever?
Screech.
You don't remember Screech?
Jesus.
Anyways.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I know who Screech is.
What was the name of that show?
Saved by the Bell.
Saved by the Bell.
Saved by the Bell?
Yeah, they made a story, like a behind-the-scenes movie.
It sucked.
It was like a TV movie, but TV movies sometimes suck.
This one on BET is fucking phenomenal.
They got top-notch actors, real good shit.
Basically, if you're a Boston guy, if you're into New Edition, you're listening when you're younger, definitely give it a whirl.
It's six hours total.
You can DVR it.
It's, you know, I mean, it's some local guys who are getting some real shine that, you know, basically changed music for a long time.
They kind of, you know, put RB kind of back on the map back in the 80s and 90s and really did a lot of good things.
And they're local guys, and I like to give them their shine.
So I'm all for fucking talking pop culture.
Have you watched anything else, Ryan?
Dude, your pop culture is 80s and 90s stuff.
It's not pop culture.
Actually, no, I mean, I guess the pop show is new.
You know what show you guys got to watch?
Tell me.
You know what show you guys got to watch?
Please.
The Fall on Netflix.
You heard of it?
Which one's that about?
Tell us more. It's about a serial
killer in
Ireland.
That girl from
X-Files, Agent Scully.
You know her? Yeah. She's a rocket now.
Legit smoke show now.
She's trying to hunt down this dude who's a serial killer.
He's going after women.
It's an unreal show.
I recommend it highly.
I'm a Netflix guy.
I love that shit.
Huge Netflix guy, too.
I am as well.
Some good stuff coming on.
Boogie Nights is on there right now.
There's always good shit on Netflix if you're willing to watch something that's older than you are.
That goes for anybody.
All right, gentlemen.
We're having a little bit of a short show this week.
We obviously have a little  oh, hold on.
Grinnell's got one more.
Well, I was going to say, before you wrap it up,
do you guys have any big predictions for the all-star break?
You know, you usually see some firing, some trades going into the all-star break.
Do you have any big ones for the break?
No.
I don't think they usually do much of that over the break.
I would say maybe a couple days after because a lot of people are talking over the weekend.
I think they try to kind of give an unofficial embargo over the weekend,
a moratorium maybe over the weekend.
Like, yeah, let's guys get the weekend in and then we'll do it after.
So, no, I don't think we're going to see anything except fucking some bad goaltending
and a couple of goofy fucking Pat Kane tricks.
Yeah.
I mean, I think that, you know, it's going to be a fun weekend because it's L.A.
I hope somebody's just so blatantly just loaded at one of the games,
at the skills or something, because that would just be classic TV.
All right.
Anything else?
Today in history, January 26th.
Oh, yeah. Boys, oh, my God, we almost forgot. Today in history. Today in history, January 26th. Oh, yeah.
Boys, oh, my God.
We almost forgot.
Today in history, today in history, Wayne Gretzky was born.
Wow.
Wow.
Wayne fucking Gretzky, which, by the way, now, that's two, our last two shows.
Last show we did, it was Messier's birthday.
Wow, that's crazy, huh?
Fucking 56, man.
That makes me feel so much fucking older than I am.
Yeah, I know.
The great one.
Oh, man, what a legend.
He's 56, and I feel like a 99.
I think that it actually, we didn't even bring up in all the all-star talk that we had,
it's going to be pretty cool because they're releasing the top 100 players of all time.
Yeah.
That's why Jager's going to be pretty cool because they're releasing the top 100 players of all time. That's why
Jager's going to be out there because he's one of them
and then the
players I believe are Crosby, Taves,
why am I drawing a blank? Who are the other
greatest players of all time that are currently playing? I think
Duncan Keith might be one of them.
We'll see though. When they drop the list,
we'll be able to talk about that one.
A little disappointed in the first 33 they did.
It was way too many Canadians and Maple Leafs.
There were only two.
I mean, I know the Bruins honk, I am.
But, I mean, Milt Schmidt and Eddie Schubert were the only two guys that made it.
It was Frankie Brimsek that didn't get in there.
Where do you slot yourself in on that list, Whit?
50s, 40s?
Let's honestly think.
Let's honestly think.
So, how many years has there been in the NHL?
How many players do they play in the NHL?
10,000 or 20,000?
It's not that many.
I think it's  I read like 7,000 or 8,000 for some reason.
Is that something you Google?
Can I Google it?
I hope so.
I think of seven.
We could be way off.
Say it's 8,000 career players in the NHL.
I actually want to find this out now.
Maybe one of our great listeners can figure it out.
8,000 career players in the NHL. I actually want to find this out now. Maybe one of our great listeners can figure it out. 8,000 career NHL players.
I would say that I'm in the 4,500 to 5,000 range.
Fucking right.
Fair enough, right?
I'd say you're higher than that.
Dude!
No, I would just because I read something online that had you in the...
It was like the honorable mention from Massachusetts., it was like the honorable mention from Massachusetts
because it was like the best players from Massachusetts.
I think Kachuk was one, and then I forget who was two, and then there was a three,
and then you were the honorable mention.
So I put you up there.
Man, I love that.
I've been honorable mentioned a lot.
Nice guy.
I was honorable, honorable mention growing up.
You know how there's honorable mention
for the honor roll like you just missed the honor roll
or do you guys not know that
no I know I was always on a roll
so I didn't know that
no fuck I mean I just
I'm just happy that I got to play
one game so there you go brother
it was a fun ride nice
alright well that's going to wrap it up
tonight again thanks to Kevin Hayes for joining us.
In 2004, 5,592 players had played in the NHL.
Wow.
So that's 13 years.
And, dude, it's probably right around 7,000.
Maybe less, actually, right?
Yeah.
6,000?
Yeah.
So I'm in the 3,000 range.
Okay.
There you go.
Over 50 points one year. Fucking right, brother. Not a big deal. 3,000 range. Okay. There you go. Over 50 points one year.
Fucking right, brother.
Not a big deal.
Thanks for watching.
Got that silver medal.
Most importantly, you never have to work again.
All right.
So that'll wrap up episode 15.
Thank you.
Slap you.
And we'll see you.
Fucking we'll see you out there.
Take it easy, folks.
Do you really love me?
Don't you really care?
Do you really need me?
And when you are with me? And will you always be there?
