Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 151 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to the gentleman today. Let's go to our producer, Mikey the Mouse Man Grinelli. What's going on, brother?
gentlemen today. Let's go to our producer, Mikey, the mouse man, Grinnelly. What's going on,
brother? What's up, guys? Big week this week, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
We're dropping content. I'm excited. So hope everyone else is, too. Yeah, it's been fun.
Next up, boy, Ryan Whitney. Didn't you just get off a plane? Where are you these days?
What up? I'm down in Naples, fellas. Great to talk to you. A lot to catch up on. Actually, you'll love it. I got to the airport, landed in sure as shit,
see some lunatic waiting for his bag,
wearing a spitting chiclets T-shirt.
I loved it. I said, hey, you listen to that podcast?
He goes, yeah, those guys are complete idiots.
I didn't tell him it was part of the podcast.
He wasn't able to realize either, so I love that.
And yeah, I'm chilling in some beautiful warm weather,
and I'm loving
life right now so how you guys been vacation in florida gotta love to see it yeah last but
not least yeah i'm not i'm not at the daytona 500 like you are you'd be though
yeah a million other people last but not least paul biz nasty bisonette uh i heard you popped
up on national tv up in Canada last night.
A little Hockey Night in Canada appearance or what?
Boys, it was an honor.
I want to thank the Hockey Night in Canada crew for even considering having me on.
Right after the anthems, I just kind of briefly talked about the impact of and I guess the growth of hockey in Arizona, of course,
with the team moving there 20 years ago,
with guys now retiring there in the minor hockey system,
all these ex-NHLers now living there and coaching their kids
and helping out with the growth of the game in Arizona, as I mentioned.
And, of course, Austin Matthews playing with Toronto, his impact.
And then I got to throw it over to Jim Houston and Craig Simpson,
which was  I mean, that was fucking cool for me.
So I want to thank Kyle Bukoskis.
Is that how I say his name, Whit?
What a hairdo on Kyle right now.
He's ripping the flow.
Yeah, he's tall as shit too.
I know.
I looked like a fucking two beside him.
I like your suit though.
Yeah, I had a who shot the couch, forgot to do my dry cleaning.
Jim Houston, I used to play that EA video game on my computer back in the day,
and he was the voice of it.
So a couple icons, him and Craig Simpson.
And, you know, with Bob Cole being done now,
those guys are going to be pretty much at the forefront,
as they have been for a few years now.
And, man, it was a cool experience.
So thank you to Hockey Night in Canada, and it was an amazing experience.
Yeah, Biz, all of a sudden I started getting the tweets flying in
because I had the, you know, they don't show down in the U.S.
I think there was the pregame for who was playing Montreal, Tampa.
Yeah, I hammered Tampa.
Thank you.
But I saw the tweets right away.
I was like, wow, Biz, Hockey Night in Canada, that's a pretty big deal.
So good to see you on there.
And, yeah, thanks to them.
Did you get any spit and chicklets? did they mention spit and chiclets or no?
No, they mentioned the what's in the box with Austin Matthews,
and I said that was payback for him coming on the podcast
and chirping me about being cheap.
So I got him back pretty good.
And, yeah, got a little air time.
I think Brad May is the one who normally does it,
but he was dropping the puck with the Kachina jersey on
because we have ceremonial face-offs on Saturday home games
because we do the throwback jerseys.
So we bring back all the older Coyotes retired guys
to drop the ceremonial face-off.
Actually, I saw JR tweet at you about getting together
for donors jersey retiring, but aren't you going to be out of town?
No, I'm flying back in on Sunday.
Sunday, for those listeners that don't know is Shane Doan's Phoenix Coyotes
jersey retirement.
I guess he finished when it was the Arizona Coyotes,
but it'll be a very special night.
Of course, they lined it up when we're playing against the Winnipeg Jets,
so a little added rivalry there.
And it's going to be electric.
It's sold out.
So congrats, Shane Doan, and he deserves it.
Nice.
Congrats on the Yant TV appearance.
Too biz.
Dude, we got to talk about the St. Louis Blues.
Incredible.
They won again today.
They beat the Minnesota Wild 4-0.
Their third shutout in a row.
Their 10th straight win to tie a franchise record.
Absolutely incredible what they've done.
Ryan O'Reilly just fucking tearing the cover off the puck right now.
Averaging a point per game.
Tara Sanko on a tear.
The goaltender, Jordan Biddington.
What's been the most outstanding thing to you, Biz,
as far as the Blues run right now?
Well, you know, I mentioned that they played in Arizona,
got spanked 6-1 at the beginning of the year.
They looked like dog shit.
I was like, these guys are toast.
They're big, slow, can't string passes together.
This was a totally different team I saw the other night.
They beat the Arizona Coyotes 4-0.
I guess let's start with their top line.
I got some insane numbers here.
In the last 10 games, Shen, two goals, 11 assists, 13 points.
O'Reilly, four goals, seven assists, 11 points.
Tarasenko, 10 goals, 10 assists for 20 points.
That's 44 points for that line.
They combined for 7 against the Minnesota Wild.
Yeah, and Tarasenko, 5 games straight with multi-point games.
So this top line is just getting it done.
Tarasenko had a bit of a slow start this season,
but he's been lights out since.
it done uh tarasenko had a bit of a slow start this season but he's been lights out since uh their their back end and and there's a lot of uh criticism early in the season about how big and
slow they were they have a huge back end i think they average like six three and a half their
smallest d is is done at six foot 200 pounds and uh by the Man Rocket, this kid probably wheels. Is he? Oh, my God.
I'm going to his Instagram right now.
I bet you he crushes Midwestern pussy.
But, you know, Bertuzzo's playing well.
He actually had a goal and an assist the other night.
Edmondson's been  sorry, Edmondson had a goal and an assist.
I think Bertuzzo just had a goal.
Jesus.
Another guy who's been criticized early in the year was Bollmeister,
and he's been playing great.
And that back end just smothers you.
They take away your time and space.
Pietrangelo is a stud.
Perenco as well.
Man, their wingspans, their whole decor, it's fucking insane.
But the biggest difference in why they're playing so well defensively is how they're playing as a five-man unit i compared them early in the year
to la and how they just play a full 200 foot game and and they really smother you their their back
pressure was was out of this world you couldn't you couldn't uh you couldn't penetrate the blue
line offensively with puck control you had to dump it in because you had back pressure on you and then and then a big six foot fucking forward defenseman right in your face
with a stick on puck so they they didn't really give the coyotes much uh wasn't a great game for
the oats but uh this team is uh is just on fire and and of course their goaltender i'll let you
i'll let you take that away uh whit yeah um, Jordan Bennington, it's an incredible story.
And it's a story that most hockey fans, unless you hate the Blues,
should be really happy about because this kid battled, man.
He was nice in Owen's sound, and it just took him a while as a pro.
You know, he spent a lot of time in the minors,
and sometimes that's what players need.
We've talked about that before, but to come up and do what he's done,
I mean, nobody ever saw this coming. So you've got to give credit to him. He's getting his chance. He's running players need. We've talked about that before, but to come up and do what he's done, I mean, nobody ever saw this coming.
So you've got to give credit to him.
He's getting his chance.
He's running with it, which is what a lot of players do
to really make an amazing career.
Like Rob Scuderi comes to mind, gets his chance, runs with it.
That's what this kid's doing.
He's dominating.
And you know what's funny?
I don't know their exact record, but I bet you it's scary good
since Bortuzzo dummied Sanford in that fight in practice.
And I know that that doesn't mean a ton, right?
That doesn't necessarily mean you're going to start winning games,
but they had reached a boiling point.
And sometimes when, you know, practice goes and you're struggling on a team,
guys go at it.
Guys are pissed off going into those practices when you're struggling.
There was a fight, and you know what?
I'm not going to say it got their team to as a as a five-man unit like they are i'm not saying that that's
why they're winning but you never know you look at certain things that can happen during a season
that can really change how things are going that happened and since then it seems like they've
turned it on tarasenko holy shit biz i remember uh when we were the jesters at training camp
he was i i was like blown away.
Like, remember we were talking about, oh my God, this guy's top in the league.
He's going to be like, he's almost like right there as a pure of a goal scorer is almost
as anyone else.
And this year the start was bad.
And it's like to know what he had, just being able to be in training camp with him.
That's when I like, I'm sure to other people, he didn't look like he was playing poorly,
but there was so much more there and it's there now. OhReilly's done it all year Tarasenko's caught up uh it's an
incredible team to watch and quickly before I move on to URA I did pull up Vince Dunn's Instagram
holy shit he's got a picture he looks phenomenal in front of like flames I think he's at a sandals
resort though that's kind of a tough look as a National Leaguer. But his picture's with a girl, so I think he's got a girl.
But either way, holy shit, good for you, Vince Dunn.
His hairline is unreal.
It's hilarious.
Yeah, again, Binnington, to me, is the story.
You know, this winning streak has catapulted them to seven points
above the eighth seed from, you know, looking on the outside in not too long ago.
Binnington, 11- 1 and 1 and 13 games
started with a 9 a 1.69 goals against the 931 say percentage he's got three shutouts in his last
five of his last yeah three shutouts and five of his last thoughts that's absolutely fucking
incredible uh so the Blues man hats off to them but they got to keep doing it because they're
still in third place in the division they haven't won anything yet you know no rest for the weary they got to keep playing they got to keep playing and
and just to touch on their performance as well against the coyotes and and really on this run
is is they own the walls defensively you can't get to the inside on them in the defensive zone
in the offensive zone they fucking wear you down they cycle the puck offensive zone uh shifts that
just lag on and and and they're even good at turning lines over while puck, offensive zone shifts that just lag on.
And they're even good at turning lines over while in the offensive zone while cycling.
And they just hem teams in.
Really, they're just playing really good hockey as a team right now.
And another guy I'm happy for is Doug Armstrong,
who was always on the hot seat.
And if it wasn't for that extension that he signed,
they probably would have gassed him too.
So congratulations to St. Louis.
And what do we got else?
Well, quickly before we move on, we shit on coaches occasionally,
but you got to give some credit.
Craig Berube came in there, and obviously that's had some sort of a difference.
There's a bunch of things that's happened, but he's doing things.
I think he's a no-bullshit type of guy that guys really respect
because of the career he had, how he played.
So he's obviously pushing the right right buttons as they say in the business
and also fabri back in the lineup so that if he can get going too that's going to be another added
boost and when i actually did some digging so they they got this post-game win song called gloria
and and they've been this is like their their tune and they've kind of rallied around this and and i
texted joel edmondson today to get the background story.
So we talked about Larry Flowers, the fall guy.
He's the watch and diamond guy who hooks up all the boys.
We talked about him in the Scotty Upshaw episode.
So when the Blues went to Philly, they were there on a Sunday, a day off,
and Larry Flowers brought them to this, like, boys club membership-only bar,
and it was to watch the Phillies game.
And during the tv
timeouts they would play tunes instead of the commercial breaks and this one guy kept yelling
play gloria so finally like the guys had no idea what the fuck gloria was or this tune so
they end up playing the tune and so they just started playing this as their wind song and
they've kind of rallied around it and uh i mean if you could send see the videos that he sent me he told me not to share
them obviously uh he's like the place was just going nuts when they were playing it and it was
just a good good for morale and then that's kind of when everything started turning around the right
direction for the saint louis blues so shout out to gloria and that song is it's by laura laura
brannigan brannigan is this an ra like ask a millennial
special absolutely it's from like i want to see 82 83 it was a huge hit i think she might even
been like a one hit wonder and it was just a big hit at the at the time and that's it's hilarious
that it's their fucking their victory song right now all these years later and uh also um grinelli
we got to get on the t-shirt game of the blues uh because
for everyone listening yeah Grinelli mushed the mush the sabers that's on him he was fucking
talking about his bets talking about how smart he was he mushed the sabers the Islanders are I think
six one and one since released their wagon t-shirts so all these people saying no don't
jinx the blues I'll pay you to not make these t-shirts you're not going to pay me as much as
we're going to make from selling the t-shirts. You motherfucker.
Oh,
in saying that we need to get on this right away because you don't know when
the streak will end.
Let's get the t-shirts rolling for the blues fans.
Yeah.
I got an idea.
I'll talk to Mikey after the show.
And before we go any further,
we do have to mention,
we do have Tampa Bay superstar,
Steven Stamkos joining us a little later.
We spoke with him out in San Jose on the West coast Wagon Tour. It was a pleasure to talk to him.
I got to ask him a question. I've been dying to ask him for
about eight years, so that was pretty good stuff.
Wait, let me guess.
Did it have something to do with the Bruins?
Of course.
He seemed interested.
He kind of brightened up a little when we told
the story. It's actually a pretty interesting story.
A minute ago, Whitney, you were
just talking about a goaltender's persevering and sticking with it well we saw that in effect with Anaheim
last week Wednesday night 26 year old Ducks goalie a rookie Kevin Boyle got a shutout in his very
first NHL start he made 35 saves and a one-nothing win over the Canucks he stopped the Ducks seven
game losing streak this is a kid man he played at UMass for a couple years.
He transferred, so he got to sit out a year.
Then he went to UMass Lowell, played two more years,
never drafted him.
The Ducks signed him as a college free agent,
was playing for the San Diego Gulls till his call-up.
He came in for mop-up duty one game,
and his first start, fucking shutout, man.
It broke the streak. So 26 years old, what a great story, huh, Biz?
Yeah, no, I, Biz? Yeah.
No, I love stories like this.
And, you know, actually, we've got another good goalie story coming up, too.
But, I mean, it seems like goalies kind of have to take that path.
You mentioned Binnington and how much time he had to spend in the minors.
I mean, finally, until he gets his shot.
I mean, he had one game played before this season.
So congratulations to Boyle.
And fuck, talk about a must-needed win for the Anaheim Ducks.
And as crazy as it sounds, boys, like they could go on a run like the Blues.
They got guys on that roster that can make it.
I don't know.
They got worked the next game by the Bruins.
I don't know.
But that kid, his reaction to winning that game in a shootout
in his first start was so cool to see because, you know, we make a million jokes or try to at least about, you know, NHL playing in the NHL.
But still, what he's gone through his entire life has been working up to that one moment.
And he just put his hand over his, you know, mask as the buzzer went off, like almost kind of utter shock and disbelief.
I just I just had a
shutout in my first NHL start so a dream come true for sure so congrats to him Jersey kid Jesus he
played at UMass Amherst and UMass Lowell holy fuck he loves the state schools but good for him
did the trick for him and kind of an ironic touch the last Ducks goalie to get a shutout in his
first career start was Gibson John Gibson and now he's basically essentially replacing him
in the lineup because Gibson had to go to the IR, so kind of weird little symmetry there.
And also another good story, poor Corey Schneider, man. He was fucking fighting it for a long time.
He went almost 14 months between wins, but he got his first win since December of 2017,
Friday night in Minnesota. It was a real dramatic way it happened, too.
Jersey was down 4-1.
He came in for mop-up duty, essentially.
But it rallied the Devils, man.
They ended up winning 5-4 in OT.
He had 15 saves in relief, including 3 in OT.
It's been a tough sledding for Corey, 1-7-2 this year with a 3-9-6,
an 8-7-3.
But you kind of hope that that game kind of gets his season turned around
because he's a good guy.
He's a well-liked veteran.
You hate to see guys struggle like that.
Right, Woods?
Yeah, it sucks.
And, you know, knowing Corey Schneider, you know, I felt really bad.
You know, it's a grind to go through that,
and it has a lot to do with injuries.
I mean, you know, I know from experience sometimes it's hard to get it back.
I never really did.
I hope he does
but to just get that first win i can't imagine mentally how much that that helps him so uh yeah
you know you you said it well already he deserves um a lot more success in this league because he's
a great goalie and a great teammate wait you you hit the nail on the head man mental health i can't
imagine what he went through uh upstairs and not only with the physical health, with being injured a little bit,
but good for him.
And I hope he can start stringing some wins together
and get back to the game he had when he was in Vancouver,
when him and Luongo were sharing the net.
Because he was, at one point, he was like the up-and-coming star
between the pipes.
Yeah, they had two number one goalies, and they lost both of them
and didn't have a goalie to speak for for a long time.
That was a big fucking egg on their face at Vancouver.
But anyways, yeah, shout out to Corey.
Hopefully his season turns around and keeping the theme of goalies here, Biz.
It was a goalie swap.
The Oilers traded Cam Talbot to the Flyers for Anthony Stolas.
Talbot's going to be a UFA this summer.
He's 10-15-3 with a 3-3-6, 8-9-3 for the Oilers this year.
Stolas is a pending
group six free agent. This is kind of weird. Because of his age in accrued seasons, if he
plays in 28 games this season, he'll be a restricted free agent. If he plays in fewer games than that,
he'll actually be an unrestricted free agent. So if Edmonton basically plays in more than 10 games,
then he'll have his rights to sign him. It's kind of a unique situation,
but Edmonton, what basically it does is save them money in the interim.
So that,
that allows them to call Andre Siqueira up because they had to open up some
money. And Cam Talbot, basically,
I think Philly where Carter Hart has kind of jumped the line a little,
they probably want an NHL veteran to serve as a mentor to him. And,
you know, Talbot's only going to be there definitely for the rest of this
year, but if they make a good impression,
maybe they keep him around for a little while longer.
So what's your take on this one, Biz?
I heard that Talbot and Carter Hart are buddies.
I heard they trained together in the offseason.
So I like that move a lot for Philadelphia in a sense where obviously Talbot needed to get out of that situation.
Things weren't working out.
It's a bit of a dumpster fire in Edmonton.
We don't need to shit on Edmonton again.
We do that every other episode.
But it'd be good for Carter Hart to have a mentor in there
and someone he's comfortable with who can help push him in his day-to-day
and just to even have conversation of maybe what Carter Hart's going through
in his early career that Talbot has been through.
So goalies having a good relationship on a team
and it not being like being uncomfortable
where two guys are fighting for the net
or maybe don't like each other.
It's definitely a good situation for Philly.
Regarding open up cap space for Edmonton,
obviously they needed to do that.
They got that other kid locked in now for three years.
I don't know.
I don't really want to touch on the Edmonton side of it.
I was more concerned for it on the Philadelphia side. So another good move by Philly and a team that's been making some
moves lately as well. Yeah, you guys just both said it well. I mean, it's kind of a deal that
not a ton of people talked about. Another deal quickly involving Edmonton, Sam Gagne, back to
the Oilers. You know, good for him. He saw an Instagram picture he put up once,
said back where it all began.
You know, he made the NHL, I think, at 18 or 19,
his first year at a junior.
And, you know, good for Gags.
Great guy.
I also think it's funny.
Someone tweeted at me, oh, you played in the game Gagne
at eight points against the Blackhawks.
What's your most memorable thing?
When I scored.
Thank you.
That was a crazy night.
I'll never forget it.
And I think the next game, I believe he had points on our first two goals.
So, an insane run.
But just another move that we should mention.
Yeah, just to get everyone up to speed on that,
the Oilers did trade Ryan Spooner.
Man, that guy's putting some miles on his suitcases this year.
By the way,
R.A., before you finish that thought,
he changed his Instagram bio to
suitcase. So I thought that
was pretty funny. I love people who are self-deprecating
and obviously he's well aware of
his situation and good to see he can
laugh it off. Yeah, I mean, he's still making
four sheets a year. So Ryan Spooner
to Vancouver for former Oilers Sam
Gagne going back to the Oilers.
Actually, interestingly, he was
playing for the Toronto Mollies at the time.
He wasn't even with Edmonton and
Spooner was actually with
Edmonton's farm team in Bakersfield.
So basically, kind of a swap of minor leaguers
although Gagne did get called up and he did join
the big club. Just to jump back to that
Flyers story for a second,
because once Talbot does play a game,
the Flyers will set the NHL record for most goalies used in the season
with eight goalies, which it's a record they tied back in January,
which is not a record you want to have.
No, not at all.
I kind of tweeted them when they announced the trade.
I said, wow, anytime you have a chance to break an NHL record,
you've got to go for it. So I don't know if the Flyers Twitter thought I was too funny they announced the trade. I said, wow, anytime you have a chance to break an NHL record, you've got to go for it.
So I don't know if the Flyers Twitter thought I was too funny, but I did.
I did.
You hate Philly.
No.
You're going to get attacked at the stadium series game.
Smitty's going to be my bodyguard down there.
And Boston Smitty.
No, I love Philly.
I'm looking forward to getting down there.
It's a good town. I'm going to have some fun.illy. I'm looking forward to getting down there. It's a good town.
I'm going to have some fun.
We're going to have a good time down there.
And that's courtesy of our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka.
They're once again hooking us up.
Me, Grinnelly, and Biz are going to be down there,
a bunch of the other Bastille folks.
So enjoying some Pink Whitney's like I have been this weekend,
a little vodka, a little pink lemonade, mix it up, boom,
you're off and running.
Hey, maybe I'll throw a little money on the game.
I'll let you teach me how to gamble.
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah, I've been getting a lot of gambling questions. We, maybe I'll throw a little money on the game. I'll let you teach me how to gamble. Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, I've been getting a lot of gambling questions.
We'll have the gambling corner a little later.
I got a couple of questions people had about betting on hockey and whatnot.
But before that, I think we should go to Tampa Bay superstar Stephen Stamkos right now
because this was a real pleasure to talk to him.
And also, I just want to remind everyone, this interview is including Bugsy and Teddy,
our boys who were a part of a bunch of those interviews we did out the west at West Coast.
All you guys know that.
And also, we want to thank Budweiser Canada because without them, this isn't happening,
and we want to thank them.
So here's Stammer.
This Bud's for you, the king of beers.
Today's interview is brought to you by DHM Detox Hangover Pills.
This natural supplement boosts your body's
response to alcohol fighting off hangover while drinking so you can enjoy the evening and still
wake up feeling fresh take two capsules after your first few drinks and it goes to work breaking down
toxins and providing liver support no more feeling done with brain fog no sund Sunday scaries and no nausea after a night of drinks. Pair it with water
and some sleep for optimal results.
DHM
Detox comes in a convenient little packet
and it's easy to take with you
when you're on the go. Whether you're
crushing some drinks while watching the game and
have to work the next morning or if you're
hitting the sauce hard on a Friday night,
DHM is your ultimate drinking buddy.
Ask yourself, what is your next day worth? For just a Friday night, DHM is your ultimate drinking buddy. Ask yourself,
what is your next day worth? For just a couple bucks, you can save yourself from being an absolute waste of the human after a night out. DHM Detox is giving you guys 20 off.
Just head over to dhmdetox.com and use promo code biz20, obviously. That's for 20 off that's dhm detox.com they now have three days shipping in
the u.s and free shipping if you buy more than a couple boxes the dhm team is happy to answer any
of your questions so feel free to shoot them a message on instagram at dhm detox guys i've used
this stuff it's awesome i usually take twice the recommended amount just because, you know,
better safe than sorry.
That's pretty much it.
My pleasure to introduce
probably one of the best players in the league, I'd say.
Right, Bugsy?
When I'm using white tape.
Oh, he's already bringing it up.
We haven't even finished the intro.
I won't let everyone know what he means.
What he means is Stammer went a couple games without a goal in the playoffs,
and Biz came on saying because you changed your tape job,
you were a complete mental midget, and you fire back right now.
I've been waiting for this moment.
Yes, yes.
What a joke he is.
You're like, this guy can't even stick handle.
He's calling me a mental midget.
I suck at intros.
Thank God I didn't have to go through with the full thing.
Six-time NHL All-Star would have been a lot more, according to him,
if he would have gotten injured.
I don't know.
That's up for debate.
But welcome to the podcast, Stephen Stamkos, and I'd like to apologize.
I've been very hard on the superstars in the last year.
You expect a lot out of them.
He keeps Connors out of his prime in like an hour.
Yeah, that's another one.
Connors got a year left.
Connors actually got a year.
He cut his hair, so is he a mental midget now too?
I don't know.
I mean, let's get Bugsy and
Teddy's perception of that. I mean, what do
you think about changing the color of your stick tape
in the midst of a playoff round?
That tells me everything I need to know. Well, Kucherov
changes it like in between periods sometimes
and he's leading the league. Bugsy's like, shit,
I just get another tattoo and I'm gold.
That's why you got a bunch of them.
Oh, and by the way, guilty.
And before we keep going, Teddy Purcell and Bugsy Malone have joined us for this interview.
They know a lot more about Steven than I do.
Maybe they can help defend him in his mental midgetness.
Yeah, I got to meet Steven fresh.
Fresh in the league.
Fresh in the league.
18, showing him what red wine was and sushi.
That was true.
Yeah.
So that was the first time experiencing those.
My first night in Tampa.
I'm like, where are we going, bud?
He's like, we're going for some sushi.
I was like, what's that?
Well, Teddy, all right.
You guys had some success.
You guys played together.
Did you ever stay up on the line with Stammer?
Stammer got me like five years of contract.
Exactly.
So what was it like when you guys got to meet each other?
I mean, you didn't know each other before you got there to Tampa?
No, I didn't.
We just had a really good group in Tampa.
Obviously, Bugsy kind of took the lead.
Even like older guys like Matias Zola and Marty St. Louis, Vinny,
they just made us all feel comfortable.
We just had a lot of fun together at home, on the road.
We just seemed like we had a really good bunch of guys, and obviously we've remained friends forever.
So it's been a lot of fun.
And what did you first think of this guy?
Were you just, like, blown away?
Oh, he doesn't even know what sushi is.
Yeah.
No, I got traded.
I was in L.A., and I was in and out of the lineup, and I was just trying to play.
And I get traded to Tampa, and I remember our first game was in Washington,
and he scored.
It was like his 38th goal.
I'm like, who's this guy?
And he ended up scoring 50 that year, so that was pretty cool.
But another story is I think it was the next year.
We were out of the playoffs, so I think it was the day before a game.
We're like, let's go to the International Mall.
It was me, Bugsy, and Stammer.
They lived right by the mall.
So we're like, yeah, let's go shop.
It might have been just some payday.
But we decided on the way to shopping, we're like,
let's just stop for a bite to eat, maybe a beer.
Next thing you know, we're going to be at a famous last word.
Anytime me and Stammer went to the bathroom,
we'd come back and there's shots of tequila.
Bugsy's like, whoa, where'd those come from?
I didn't order those.
The bartender just looked at me and she knew
and I went like that and they were there.
So then all of a sudden
he's like, alright, let's go shopping. So we're like,
great idea. So we're like, let's go to the
watch store. Bugsy's like, you need watches in the
NHL. We're making money, you gotta look professional.
We're like, okay. So me and Stammer
and Bugsy go in.
They were like lightning fans, so they kind of closed the jewelry store for us.
Bugsy's trying on this watch.
He's like, how does it look?
We're like, that's awesome.
I tried on, like, one that I couldn't afford, like these guys.
I was like, they're like, oh, that looks so cool.
Stammer gets one with, like, diamonds on it.
It costs, like, 25,000.
Bugsy's like, yeah, get him that one.
So all of a sudden, Stammer tries to pay.
His card doesn't work. So I had to put it on my card. I was like, oh, God. I one. So all of a sudden, Samer tries to pay. His card doesn't work.
So I had to put it on my card. I was like,
oh, God. I was like, I got the points. I'll pay those.
And all of a sudden, me and Samer walking
out, we're like, oh, this is pretty cool. These are awesome.
We're like, Bugsy, where are yours? He's like,
ha ha, gotcha. I didn't buy one.
I already bought my watches
my first few years.
You tricked us into buying watches.
The whole time he was trying on all the nice watches
and we go out and we're like,
we're a little buzzed.
Like, let's take a picture.
Put your hand in the middle and take a picture and Bugs has got no watch.
Whoopsie.
Spent all my money on shots.
You came a long way since Barry Melrose said
you couldn't play in the National Hockey League.
You want to talk about that?
And have you seen him since?
I've seen him.
I don't think I've said a word to him, though.
I send him a Christmas card every year.
He's just waiting.
I'm taking a one-time.
That was the ongoing joke.
It was like, Sam, you should send him a Christmas card every year after he went on Hockey Night Canada and said,
you couldn't play in the league.
You finished with 30, I think, your first year, didn't you?
Oh, well, close, yeah.
I want to say over 50 points.
I don't know.
It was under, but it was funny because at that time,
Rick Talkett took over.
I love Rick Talkett.
He was a great coach, great guy, helped me out a lot.
But they had this plan in Tampa where, you know, Barry said,
oh, you're not strong enough, you're not big enough.
So after he got fired, the plan was I was going to work out
and miss a game to do a workout and then play three games.
First overall.
So I got healthy scratch three times in the second half of the season.
And then finally I think I had like six goals in those three games.
They're like, I think he should play.
He doesn't need that workout.
Maybe he can do the workout and the game tonight.
Yeah, but I actually got scratch three games.
And I was working out during the game.
They're like, you know what, you're looking good.
You're looking strong. You're looking strong.
Figured it out.
Did you say you loved Rick Talkett?
Yeah, I did.
I don't know him, but I love him too
because he was assistant in Vancouver for a while, right?
Wasn't he?
No, no.
He was in, I believe, Philly.
Holy shit, Rick.
Rick Talkett?
Rick Talkett.
Oh, I'm thinking about him.
Torchetti or something?
No, I'm thinking about him.
Oh, where is he?
He's trying to save himself here. Bonus. I'm thinking of bonus. I'm thinking about him. Tortetti or something? No, I'm thinking about him. Oh, where is he? He's trying to save himself here.
Bonus.
I'm thinking of Bonus.
I'm thinking of Bonus.
So I butchered the story about Bonus.
Actually, one time Shane O'Brien goes,
Hey, Bonus told us in pregame skate to watch out for you.
You're a hell of a player.
So now anytime I see Rick Bonus, I'm like, that guy likes me back then.
I thought it was Rick Talk.
Rick Talk was tough as shit.
He's a great guy too.
But Talk was unbelievable for me too.
Like Steve Downey was there, too.
Marty, you know, he loved us, and we had a good second half that year.
Bugsy, what do you have for me?
We contribute something to this interview.
Okay.
We talked about last time when Bugsy throws stuff around with Smitty,
and he also mentioned a little bit
at Nate Thompson's wedding this morning
him and Smitty at 4am were wrestling
and your lovely wife was sitting there
like an innocent bystander
and five minutes later she was Lloyd Christmas
she looked like I do right now
at the half a jib
anytime Bugsy and Smitty get together
and a couple beverages
get thrown down the hatch.
Things don't always go
as planned.
Sorry, Biz.
Stammer used to live right across the street.
Literally.
30 feet maybe.
Smitty was like 40 feet
to the right.
There was three of us right across the street.
We get these two guys
together they're big boys i remember the first time we're in montreal and we're at we're leaving
dinner we still got our suits on after the game the you know we're all feeling good but i get
stuck in the cab with him and smitty in the middle because i got you know a little rookie gets in the
middle and these two guys whenever they drink they get a little rookie, gets in the middle. And these two guys, whenever they drink, they get a little physical.
So they're kind of grappling.
They're grabbing each other.
And I'm in the middle.
I'm getting hit in the chin.
I'm getting hit in the eye.
And we finally get out of the cab, and I'm, like, trying to run away,
slipping in the snow.
And these two guys are full out wrestling in front of the hotel. And I remember, was it you grabbed, you were falling,
so you grabbed Smitty's back pocket of his suit,
and it ripped the whole pant all the way down.
And I'm on the sidewalk.
We're in Montreal.
People know who we are.
It's a tornado.
Yeah.
And I'm sitting there, and Smitty's got one leg ripped completely on his suit,
and they're still going at it.
And I'm like, I better get out of here.
So I try to get in.
I'm pressing the button of the elevator, trying to get up as quick as I can before these guys come in.
They'll go in your room.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Well, they don't want to get stuck in the elevator.
And I got stuck in the elevator, and they're like, oh, we got you now.
That's when Bugsy presses the bell.
He's like, ding, ding, ding.
Here we go.
So that was probably 10 years ago.
So now this summer, we're at Nate Thompson's wedding, and we're having a great time.
My wife, Sandra, and I, we invited everyone up for a little after party,
and Bugsy and Smitty, again, they start wrestling on the bed,
and they're going at it.
Everyone's like, hey, guys, relax.
Everyone's having a good time.
No, keep going at it.
And Sandra and I were sitting on the bed,
and Bugsy's on top of Smitty and
he's got his watch and for whatever reason I think it got caught in Smitty's
shirt as he was throwing kidney punches and we're like Bugsy hold up timeout
your watch is stuck so he kind of takes it off and just throws it like middle of
the fight like a real asshole yeah just chucks it I mean obviously not on
purpose but underhand toss oh it's more, now it's up. Always got an excuse.
No, it was more like a pitch, you know?
And, you know, my wife's sitting there,
and all you hear is, like, the watch,
the face of the watch right on the tooth.
Like, that sound. Oh, God.
And I look over, I'm like, oh, shit.
Like, she's going to be bleeding.
Nothing.
We're like, oh, okay, not bad.
And she smiles, and half her tooth
is gone worst feeling in the world so now oh i mean the teeth to the women is yeah that's it
that's it so now everyone kind of just panics and i've never seen sandra get so upset yeah she ran
at both of them just start suckering. And grabbed them both by the neck.
She was in charge.
Yeah, she's like, get the fuck out of my room or something like that.
Bugsy, I'm used to getting in trouble.
No, Bugsy felt shame for sure.
I mean, he was laughing at the same time because all Bugsy does is laugh.
He felt bad.
But the best was Teddy.
You know, she's obviously upset.
Just after the wedding
We're in Beverly Hills
Everyone's judging you anyways right
So now she's got half a tooth
And Teddy is staring right across the hall
And he comes in and he's
You know he's consoling Sandra
And he's like actually it doesn't look too bad Lloyd
And he starts dying laughing
I'm like oh Teddy
But it was okay.
So the best part of the story now, she gets it fixed while we're out there.
Three months later, Bugsy still doesn't know this.
Like a couple weeks ago, she was having nerve pain.
She had to go in and get a root canal.
Oh, you asshole.
And I'm like, she's like, oh, Bugsy.
I'm like, I'm not going to text him.
I'm going to wait until I'm on this show and break him the news.
Oh, my God.
Because Bugsy was texting me.
I think he sent, like, flowers, everything.
You're a real gentleman.
Nice guy.
I've just fell off.
But, yeah, so the bill's in the mail, Bugsy.
Hope he stole that NHL insurance, pal.
He's like, yeah, send me to that house in Tampa.
I rent it out now.
So that was that story.
But we've obviously had a lot of good times together.
Should we talk a little bit about the team?
Yeah, we can't not right now
with what you guys are doing.
I need to know about Kucherov.
Teddy was telling me a little bit about him.
Did you know right away it was like this level of
superstardom?
You know, ready to come up?
No, I mean, no one really...
I think it was a second roundround pick or third-round pick,
but no one really knew anything about him.
Yeah.
Like, you know, he was this rushing kid, really good skill, played in the cube,
bumped around a few teams there, I think.
And he came up, and I think he scored on his first shot.
And we're like, okay.
I think Teddy, didn't you dish it to him?
Yeah, on Lundquist.
On Lundquist?
Yeah.
It was his first shift.
First shift, yeah.
Teddy dished one.
He scored.
I think he was wearing, like, number 56 or something.
So that's how you know, like, you're kind of not well-
Training camp number.
They give you a shitty number.
So he came in, and you could tell.
Like, his stats weren't great the first year, but you could tell the skill was there.
But I don't think anyone knew he'd be, you know, one of the best players in the league.
Like, he is unbelievable. So anyone knew he'd be one of the best players in the league.
He's unbelievable.
So he just scaled up over one summer.
He came back and everyone was like, oh shit.
I think it was more of a gradual thing.
Did he change his breakfast routine?
I don't know if he changed his breakfast routine.
He used to grab the mini bar MM's before.
That's like
Pointer now too. Brain Point. I mean, he should be here
at this All-Star game, but he comes in
every morning, doesn't eat breakfast.
He asks their trainers, he goes, hey, boys, is the breakfast bar open?
And they hand him a power bar.
And that's it.
And he goes out and gets three goals.
And Teddy said he doesn't wear socks.
He just puts, like, tape against the end of his ankle so his skate doesn't slide.
You know, I love him.
But, like, all these young kids now, it's just like you just play video games
and you grab a power bar and you go out and get points.
Yeah, it's an easy game when you're not having both.
But Cooch is, I'll say this about Cooch, he's all about hockey.
He wants to be the best.
He gets pissed if he's not the best.
He watches clips.
He just wants to be the guy all the time. And he is most nights.
And then the other guy that you're
real close with is Hedman.
People don't really talk
about him enough. I think everyone would say
the game looks so easy to him that I think people
take for granted. But the one quick thing
I saw was him doing laps when I was over
in Sweden, like Ornskoldvik, because I think he
played there. That's pretty good.
How about that announcement?
He was still doing it right now.
Sorry, dirty shot.
But Hedman went out one day, and he was just doing laps,
like getting ready, or it was just a workout.
Him skating around the ice, how easy it is.
He's 6'9", I think, and skates.
But, I mean, how good of a teammate is he, and how close are you guys?
Yeah, we're really close.
We came up together.
He was there, obviously, my second year. You you know these guys got to know him really well he's really come out of his shell now he was this shy kid you know there's i've never met a bad swede let's just
never met a bad scandinavian really even finish guys and so he fits that bill like the nicest guy
in the world um but i think the last couple years when we started going on the playoff
runs like you said with like people started to finally notice how good he was obviously he won
the norris last year so you know we call him norris now but he uh yeah because we always call
eric carlson norris and like and heady and and carl are so close that i think heady was getting
a little jealous that no one was calling him norris, so he finally won, so we can call him Norris.
But he's an unbelievable player.
To be that big and have the skating ability that he has,
you can't get around him in practice.
It's impossible.
It's like when Zidane O'Chara is out there,
you just see that seven-foot stick coming, and Hedy can fly too.
It's not that ccm rocket stick
no oh my god there wasn't a rocket balls there's holes in it yeah he came but that ccm
couldn't take a one-timer with it and we're like uh leave the money go get a real stick
we still talk about that too because he broke like three sticks the other day he's like what should i bring back to ccm i'm like no stick to what you're using but we have a relationship where
like we i do most of the chirping and heady's too nice to chirp me back but we uh we have a
really good relationship did you guys live next to each other too or now yeah now uh we just moved
into to a new place and he's like three doors down.
It was funny.
When we first came to the league, we all lived in that West Shore Yacht Club.
There was eight guys.
Like we had Gary Roberts, Mark Reckie, Bugsy, Smitty.
So I got taken care of pretty good.
Bugsy's Rodney Dangerfield in Caddyshack with his boat.
He's just got a couple of warranties.
Come on over.
The run over guys, little sailboats.
Stretch my anchor. Come on down to run over guys Little sailboats Stretch my anchor
Come on down
To a lightning game
That was Bugsy's
Big thing though
Was like
Stammer
You gotta buy a boat
Like the whole time
The worst investment
You can ever make
Yeah it was like
Stammer
You know
We'll buy a boat
You know
We'll help out with the gas
But like
You know
We'll park it right
At the marina there
I'm like No you gotta you got to buy the boat.
For years.
I knew you were going to be there longer than me.
I'm going to come visit.
I'll stay on it.
Yeah, I just think we could go out there, have a good time, have dinner on the boat,
like, anchor it up out there.
Bahamas is eight hours away.
Yeah, we could go to the Bahamas.
Save money on flights.
Yeah.
That's funny. All right. Well, I think Stammer's got to get on the red carpet here. Oh, really? He Bahamas. Save money on flights. Yeah. That's funny.
All right.
Well, I think Stammer's
going to get on the red carpet here.
Oh, really?
I'll be there, too.
I'll be doing pigeon work.
He was nice enough to come out.
We grabbed Stammer out of the hotel,
so we had to bring Rocket
or his own personal security
to come over and protect his wife.
I want to fuck with Rocket.
Can we ask him for one final story
about either of them
that you can think of
off the top of your head?
We usually like ending with a good story,
not to put the pressure on you.
Haven't we been made fun of enough this week?
No, I had a deep cut, actually.
Game 7 versus the Bruins in 2011,
when you took Johnny Boychuk's slap shot off the face.
Now, did that puck actually hit your nose
or did it hit the shield?
Can you tell?
Look at this.
I don't have the second worst nose on this podcast right now.
It was Marty's fault.
Well, yeah, Marty put a stick out, and the coach was like,
oh, good job, stick on puck.
It actually came right under the visor, hit me square in the nose,
and I was in complete panic.
It felt like my nose was inside my skull.
But I remember the words from Bugsy.
He would chirp everyone who got high-sticked in the face.
Are your legs broken? Are your legs broken? the words from Bugsy. He would chirp everyone who got high-sticked in the face.
Are your legs broken? Are your legs broken?
So as soon as that puck hit me, I could hear Bugsy in my head.
Are your legs broken?
So I got right back up, skated to the bench,
and Bugsy actually can watch the replay.
Gives me a pat on the butt, like, good job, good job skating off.
He didn't lay on the ice.
So that was it. But it was funny because that night we lost.
I'm like, for sure I'm going to come back and score the game winner
after getting a slapper, Johnny Boytuck slapper to the face.
I was a dash one.
We lost 1-0.
So that didn't work out.
But we actually went out that night after the game,
and Dominic Moore had given us those Harvard hats.
So I had the Harvard hat on, my face.
I had a little towel because I was leaking everywhere.
And I swear to God, I don't know when Barstool Sports started.
That was in 2010?
That was 2011.
2011.
That was when it was getting...
So I remember that night being out, and I had the Harvard hat, and there was a bunch of college kids out.
And they're like, hey, Starrett, can we take a picture for Barstool?
And I swear to God, I had no clue what Barstool was back then.
I thought they were going to get a barstool and wanted me to sit on it or something.
But my face was mangled, and that's my first memory of Barstool sports was that night.
But as you go, it's pretty cool.
That moment sucked for you.
The night sucked.
But forever, people will remember that about you,
and that's pretty sick.
They're like, remember when Stamkos got the puck in the snout?
Hockey guy.
Yeah, hockey guy forever.
The Boston fans, that's all they remember.
I think because they won and they won the Cup.
Or your broken leg in Boston.
I know.
Boston's not your building.
Not my building.
But the fans, they remember that, and they're like,
oh, we love you.
You were definitely a great sport for that.
What's funny, I was picking up a takeout order, no shit, and sell it to you a couple weeks ago,
and the guy says, hey, I already was a big fan of the show.
He goes, I'm the guy who took the pigeon with Stamkos after he broke his nose that night.
I swear to God, I ran into that guy like two weeks ago.
Dude, you were one of 600.
All right, Stammer, thank you so much.
I want to go one quick thing.
We talked about the injuries early on.
Obviously, you've had some pretty significant ones.
Talk about Gary Roberts and what he's done for you.
It would be a shame not to mention Rob's and your connection with him.
You stretch it?
Don't tear anything.
That's a different story.
Rob's was great.
Rob's was, I's was like 42 years old
When I came into the league
I was 18
They sat me next to him
They wanted me to live with them
I didn't want
I was kind of scared
He's like don't do that
Don't do it
I need a running partner
But that summer
After my rookie year
He's like Stammer
Come train with me
I was like okay
So it was just me and him
At his house gym
You know how crazy Rob's is
With everything But it kind of stemmed from there And then Kneeler James Kneel with me i was like okay so it's just me and him at his house gym you know how crazy robs is with
everything but it kind of stemmed from there and then kneeler james neal you know michael delzato
a couple other guys came in and it just formed what's now like an empire in toronto yeah it's
crazy connor's there anywhere connor goes it's an empire him and maddie nick will kind of do
similar things yeah we have two groups one downtown one kind of outside the city but
throughout the injuries robs's has been unbelievable.
They've sucked, obviously, but to be able to know I have him to kind of lean on in the summertime.
It's not just the workouts, the nutrition stuff, the therapy that we have at the gym.
Teddy's been there.
So one-stop shop and everything.
It's unbelievable.
It's also, maybe I'm wrong,
but Rob's went through that neck injury,
so mentally he's probably helpful for you.
Like, man, I know what you're going through.
Absolutely.
I mean, he played, I think, 12 more years,
and he talks about that all the time,
like how everything he's done, you know, he's kind of at the extreme,
but it's always like an investment for him to get his, you know,
career back on track and make however many millions he made after they told him he'd never play again.
So for him, it's his life.
Remember when robbers used to have those pH-bound strips?
He used to put in the hotel water and it had to be over 7.5 pH
or it wasn't worth drinking.
And then he came on the plane and we had...
It's not a joke, man. It's true.
We had Wegmans regular water and he's like, I'm going to Fiji on the plane. It's not a joke, Biz. It's true. We had Wegmans regular water, and he's like, Fiji on this plane tomorrow.
And you're like, okay, Mr. Roberts.
Yeah, the way we ate and did everything, he changed everything.
He also gave the speech, I'll never forget, like, we're in the cup finals.
You better appreciate this.
You guys, you young guys, this could never happen again.
And it was one of those, I was like, he was emotional.
This guy could speak.
He could get you fired up.
I'll never forget him for that.
And he was a cup champ, but it took him so long to get another chance.
So it's cool that you guys have kind of formed that partnership.
And he's taken your game to a next level, no doubt, I would say.
Yeah, he's been huge.
It was just so cool at that time, like, obviously, to come into the NHL and have him and Rex.
But these guys, like, we talk about that 2011 playoff run team, like, all the time.
It's still, like, of all the successful teams we've all played on, to me, that was the closest team with the bond of, you know, those 10 guys.
It wasn't just two, three guys either.
There was, like, 10 of us that were, till this day,
whether it's golf trips in the summer or we see each other,
it's like we never left.
And people talk about that when they win the cup.
How do you feel?
But for us to have that, we got close,
but to still have that is something that's pretty special.
So this year you're my favorite, and that's not necessarily a good thing.
But hopefully this year.
Yeah, I've seen the tweets over the years, so don't bet on us.
Do not bet on us. I'll just start hammering the teams you're going against. I've seen the tweets over the years, so don't bet on us. Do not bet on us.
I'll just start hammering the teams you're going against.
I don't mind. You win, I'm happy.
I win the money, I'm happy. No offense.
Did Robbins take a slap shot off the face of something in camp and not bleed?
I hit him in the face. Oh no, that was in the summer.
I hit him right in the face. In summer hockey.
He's out there full gear.
Like, Rob, you're 50 years old.
And Rob skates behind the net And doesn't look
And a rebound comes out
I hit him
It was like
That
Teddy's got a muffin
I was like
Yeah
I was like
Oh god
Teddy how was it
Yeah
Rob's went down
And then he didn't bleed
He has like leather skin
And the trainers were up
With that machine
Like that knife machine
Just grinding it down
He was like
And they're back
And I was like,
oh God, this guy's going to kill me.
Was Bugsy scooping
ice out of your drink in 2011?
Every time I see him.
There's no ice in your drink. Chug it.
That's how we're going to end it.
That's how we're going to end it.
Thank you very much.
That interview was also brought to you by
Capterra.
Are you still doing things the old way at work?
New year, new you, right?
So start off the new year, right, by replacing that software that causes you angst and agony every year.
You know the one.
You can find software you love that fits your business's needs using capterra.com.
Capterra is the leading free online resource to help you find the best software solutions for your business. With over 700,000 reviews of products from real software users, discover everything you need to
make an informed decision. Search more than 700 specific categories of software, everything from
project management to email marketing to yoga studio management software. No matter what kind
of software your business needs, Capterra makes it easy to discover the right solution fast.
So join the millions of people who use Capterra each month to find the right tools for their business, okay?
Visit capterra.com slash chiclets for free today
to find the right tools to make 2019 the year for your business.
Capterra.com slash chiclets.
Capterra, that's C-A-P-T-E-R-R-A dot com slash chiclets. Capterra, that's C-A-P-T-E-R-R-A
dot com slash chicklets.
Thank you very much to Stephen Stamkos
and wow.
I know we throw the wagon term around to everyone
but Tampa is the ultimate wagon
this season.
The race for the President's Trophy is over.
6-0
dummying of the Dallas Stars at home.
I believe Kucherov had four points.
Then they beat, I think it was 3-0 last night.
Just a dominating display of hockey, offensively, defensively,
great goaltending.
Every single part of a team that you can have, you know,
every good part of it, every good aspect of a team, holy shit,
that you can have the lightning on.
And they're on crazy paces, around 130-point pace, 120, 130, sorry, I don't know the exact
number, and Kucherov, too, on pace for, I think, 120 points.
Just an insane season, and that's why a long time ago, I said that was my pick, and I hope
everyone has a little money, a little futures action on the Lightning.
It's a little unfair because the expectations are so high for them that we don't really talk about their success on an every episode basis.
They're just so stacked that they're expected to do it.
So it was nice that we got Stammer on to talk about that.
And another thing, just to go back on his interview,
I thought it was awesome when we got to talk to him
about his relationship with Gary Roberts.
Stephen Stamkos has been through some serious injuries.
His dedication off the ice is what led him to come back
and have as much success as he's still having,
like even to the same extent before he got those major injuries.
So credit to him and just his dedication to the game.
I know personally I hurt my knees, and then I just hit the sauce,
you know, the counters, and you guys know the rest.
You're on the piss then, Booz? I'm actually actually off the piss but i had a late night last night actually uh scotty
upshaw was in town oh boy and uh matt harvey was as well oh boy uh yeah uh
i actually was the maple leafs rookie party at the same bar we were at so uh
so you were glad that the story couldn't get bumped up about 12 hours then?
So I actually went and snagged a few bottles off Matthew's table,
and I brought them over to ours.
So thanks, Matthews.
Just to get you up to speed on a story we talked about in the previous episode,
the Sioux City of the USHL, the Calgary Prospect Martin Pospisil,
he was suspended 12 games for having that altercation with the fans in Omaha.
This is how the suspension broke down.
One game for sparing, two for abusive officials,
and nine for the altercation he was involved in with the fans in Omaha last Friday.
Get this.
He's eligible to return on March 22nd versus, you guessed it,
Omaha at the same arena
where the incident happened.
So a little bit of poetry for that.
So a little update, 12 games for the kid for having a fan skirmish.
Oh, and to go back to what I was talking to you before that, R.A.,
regarding seeing a few of the Leafs boys out last night,
I ran into Patrick Marleau, fucking amazing guy.
I asked him, I said, how many pairs of skates do you got left?
He said, I'm on my last pair.
What? So he's implementing his new skates in practice so he's he's slowly getting into it but uh oh what what
wheels is he going to reebok doesn't even make them anymore but i should have asked him but uh
you know he was enjoying himself i didn't want to like hockey talk him about oh yeah he's like
biz i thought you were the guy that talked about, like, anything but hockey. Get away. Ask about my wheels.
He's like, hey, where's the bathroom at?
I actually asked him.
I said, hey, when you're prepared to break the new skates in for a game, can you please give us the update so we can break the news on spit and chiclets?
We don't give a shit about major trades.
We just want to hear about the funny shit.
People switching tape.
We all actually had a great clip from the Maple Leafs this week
via Mitch Mana. Valentine's Day, I don't know if people saw the clip. There was a little girl in
the stands. She had a sign, will you be my Valentine? And Mitch Mana went over and tossed
her a puck. And he said, yeah, I'll be a Valentine. And it probably took him, what, 10, 15 seconds
biz to do that. And he gave this girl a thrill of a lifetime. And if you want to see the epitome
of pure joy on a kid's face, watch this video. And I assume it was her mother that was there with her,
the joy on her face as well.
It was just one of these things that a player does and that these fans love
him so much. It takes 10 seconds. And this girl has a memory for a lifetime.
It was awesome to see.
And I actually met him last night as well. What a ball of energy. Great kid.
You know, that whole team, man, they gel well together.
They all really like each other, and it was good to see them having a good time.
Obviously, it's tough for them to go enjoy themselves in Toronto,
so they've had a very successful season, and I wish all those boys good luck,
and that Marner's got a great hat on their shoulders.
And I like that it was during warm-ups,
and there was a time where you didn't really do that, Biz. Guys never really did that, you know, pose for a picture during warm-ups, and there was a time where you didn't really do that, Biz.
Guys never really did that, you know, pose for a picture during warm-ups.
It was more, you know, business-like.
I know we give guys grief for, you know, shooting the shit at the red line,
stretching before games during warm-up.
That happens way more than it used to.
But I'm in agreement with you, R.A.
Like, just to do that quickly, who cares that it's warm-ups?
He's ready to play.
He still lit it up, and he did make that girls.
I mean, forget, you know, forget her year.
It could have made her life.
You know, she loves it.
You could tell the pure joy you said is exactly the right description.
So good for him.
We love seeing stuff like that.
I think you then saw Brock Besser do something.
I think it came out it was his nephew or his niece or something.
But same type thing where you could tell players, you know,
interacting from the ice is just really cool for fans.
Completely agree, Witt.
And speaking of warm-ups, the opposite of tummy sticks was going down
at the Sabres-New Jersey Devil game.
Bogosian and Gabriel were getting into it in warm-up.
I don't know how this all started.
Apparently, Gabriel sent a puck down to the Buffalo end.
Bogosian went a little nuclear.
Like, you could tell he was really
fired up like where bogosian was past the red line and and and gave him a couple cross checks
couple slashes and you could see them both nod their head like i'm gonna fucking shove my fucking
fist straight through your face and listen like obviously i'm not like i'm not gonna get into the
whole fighting and concussion thing what i'm saying though is I love the fucking passion and I love like the,
the old school mentality where, Hey, fuck you.
Let's fucking get this done.
And guys are keeping each other accountable.
And, and to me that's throwback hockey.
And I, and I love,
love watching a game where I know going in there's bad blood and hatred.
And I'm sorry that I don't like it.
Like NBA where everyone's fucking high five and,
and once again playing tummy sticks.
I like the fuel.
And every time you think of Washington-Pittsburgh or Pittsburgh-Philly,
it seems like Pittsburgh's getting into it with everyone.
But those are the games where you're more dialed in.
You're like, yes.
And that's why I'm so fired up for that stadium series game,
especially considering the Malkin incident with Raffle.
Yeah, and it really
only happened not only but i remember uh warm-up scuffles little beef and warm-up happening more
often in the minors and the always hungry but still anytime that happens in warm-ups you get
back to the room everyone's like hey what happened there what happened there you know what's going on
and then yeah biz you're right the guy you're you're ready to go you're like fuck this is game on tonight uh quick story so we're in uh we're in
nashville when i was playing for the arizona coyotes and shane don't doesn't bug anyone he
just warms up classy guy and and i love rich clune but rich clune was a little agitator on
nashville at the time and he said something to Donor and Warm Up and like
obviously I went
fucking nuts so we're a beacon
we got in the locker room and everyone's like
let's fucking go
like fuck that he's going to chirp our captain
and like everybody was fired up I think we won
the game like 7-1
it was right from the drop
it was mayhem
we slaughtered them.
Let's freaking go.
Let's freaking go out there.
No, Doner was pretty chill.
It was everybody else because you know Doner.
And we were like, Doner, what did he say?
He said, I don't know.
He just came up and started chirping me.
And you know, Cluner's just trying to do his thing
and get underneath his skin, whatever.
Even Hal Gill, who was playing for Nashville at the time,
grabbed Cluner and he's like, what the fuck are you doing?
Because he knew it would fire us up.
So that one backfired on Clooney, but nonetheless, love you, Clooney.
Great guy, and he ended up winning a Calder Cup last year with the Toronto Marlies.
So congratulations to him.
Boys, real quick, you guys know I like to look good,
and actually one of our sponsors, Stitch Fix,
sent me one of these really sweet jackets that I got to wear on a Valentine's Day.
I look like an absolute stallion, not going to lie.
But Stitch Fix is an online personal styling service that finds and delivers clothes, shoes, and accessories to fit your body, budget, and lifestyle.
You just go to stitchfix.com slash chicklets and tell them your sizes, what styles you like, and how much you want to spend on each item.
You'll be paired with your very own personal stylist
who will handpick items to send right to your door.
Then you try them on, pay only for what you love, and return the rest.
Shipping, exchanges, returns, all that, it's always free.
There's no subscription required,
and you can sign up to receive scheduled shipments
and get your fix whenever you want.
Stitch Fix styling is only 20,
which is applied toward anything you keep
from your shipment. Get started now at stitchfix.com slash chiclets, and you'll get an extra 25 off
when you keep all items in your box. That's stitchfix.com slash chiclets to get started today.
Stitchfix.com slash chiclets. Also, I know we're just, we were on the leafs, but quickly,
did you guys catch the picture of Tavares?
He didn't even move at all.
Do you see this picture that's kind of gone a little viral?
Yeah, he's like a Jedi.
Well, what happened was he's zoning out because there's no chance if he's watching the play,
he's not jumping out of the way of a puck like the entire bench and coaching staff.
He was probably just zoned out.
But the caption that I think it was Hockey Central Twitter feed,
John Tavares has seen a lot of shit in his day. It was the perfect caption. He was probably just zoned out. But the caption that I think it was Hockey Central Twitter feed,
John Tavares has seen a lot of shit in his day.
It was the perfect caption for a guy that, you know,
could have got his head taken off by an errant and didn't even notice.
Yeah, that was a perfect picture.
And now, speaking of John Tavares, a former teammate of his had a few words to say about him on Twitter.
Rob Schrempf, who played a couple of years with him on Long Island a few years ago,
there was a tweet from NHL and NBC about the Isles' record with Tavares,
28-25-6 last year, and without him this year, 34-17-6.
And Rob Schrempf tweeted, the ultimate, quote,
I did my job, end quote, kind of superstar.
He wins when he goes to play for his country as they are loaded with players
mostly equal or better. Other than that, he just collects his points in all caps and his
awards with his in all caps and then his next tweet was a reply to somebody and he said the
score is one to one jt thought it wise to bring my name into a ho sang interview years back
his words were inaccurate and really gutless John has his thoughts on me I gave Twitter
mine on him my cup of coffee was with the number one overall I didn't see what everyone else was
I didn't see what everyone else is told to see so he's kind of applying there were two sets of rules
uh you know one for Tavares one without him so just interesting because there's a guy that you
don't really hear anything bad about and uh have a former player take a shot uh seemingly out of
nowhere is a little unusual eh first thing I don, I haven't heard a bad thing about Johnny T ever.
He just kind of puts his head down, works and works and works,
and gets the job done.
I don't mind Shrimp either.
I'm assuming the comments in comparing him to Ho-Sang are pretty accurate
as far as the high skill level, maybe not the intangibles,
and the grittiness
and i guess that winning mentality robbie shrimp was a very highly skilled player a very good
player 10 times better than i'll ever be or ever was uh i don't know if there's bad blood there
obviously that comment might have ticked him off um but yeah i don't know i i just i'm not i feel like robbie shrimp's kind of taking over like the
patrick o'sullivan type where i i respect someone who can go online and just say what the fuck they
think and and and it makes for for good entertainment and and topics to our podcast
yeah um i know both guys well enough to you know say hello and and shoot the shit a little bit i
don't have either guy's numbers.
That kind of shows I'm not close friends by any means with either guy.
But I've never heard a bad word about John Tavares either.
But same with Schreppi.
It's the same exact thing.
But like you're saying, both you guys, a player can have an opinion.
And now I'm guessing, I didn't know that, I didn't see his second tweet already
about bringing up that Tavares mentioned his name along with Hosang.
So Hosang's had incidents in the past with maybe attitude, maybe not being on time, things like that.
So maybe Tavares, when being asked about that, kind of said Schrempf was similar.
That's what I'm guessing without ever seeing.
Which, I mean, like, hey, I'm a self-aware guy.
I mean, I see a decent amount of comparison there.
I mean, they're both very highly skilled people who may be.
Yeah, see, I don't know.
I never played with either guy, so I'm not going to go out and say
that they have attitude problems or have problems being on time.
No, I don't think it necessarily meant attitude problems.
I just think it meant maybe stubborn in their ways in a sense where,
listen, you're an up-and-down guy.
I think Schrempi had a better, longer NHL career than Hosang has had up to date.
But, you know.
Yeah, no, I probably maybe shouldn't even have mentioned it
because I never saw the article in which Tavares brought up Schremp's name,
you know, when Hosang was being discussed.
But if Schremp feels that way, he has the right to say it. But, you know,
having said that, I've never,
I've never had a ex teammate or a teammate of Tavares say to me, yeah,
you know, he's kind of one of those guys. He's selfish.
I've never heard that. So he could have an example. And if, you know,
he didn't appreciate his name being brought up,
I understand what he's saying.
And all right. And this is more for you.
Cause Witt's probably aware
of it is you get these highly skilled players in junior and college right and they get to the pro
game well the pro game's so much structured and everyone's pretty much at equal talent except for
the the superstars and the elite but the these skilled kids who come in they have so many bad
habits in order to cheat offensively in order to get those points you have to try to to create a player and and teach them to play both ends of the ice and
learn little things about the game like proper wall work uh puck management and some of these
kids like they come out a junior and they're stubborn in the fact they're like no i'm just
going to keep doing it the way i was where it's just like, but you're, I get that you're creating offense at the NHL level,
but you're also a liability while doing it.
You're not doing it the right way.
Your,
your,
your risk to reward ratio isn't good enough to be able to try to go beat a
guy one-on-one at the line.
You know,
who's is Evgeny Malkin,
but he's fucking Evgeny Malkin.
So when Ho's saying like,
like,
like he goes down the ice and he's like,
I'm going to take this guy one-on-one,
where it's just like, no, put it in behind, space behind him,
make him turn around, and invest in the game,
and that way it's structured.
Because all of a sudden, that D-man gets a stick on it,
boom, they're back in transition the other way,
shot and chances in your end.
Now you're hemmed in.
Like, it's just like...
90 and 100 point guys get it done so often
that when they try it and it doesn't work and it's a two-on-one the other way that's what you
get with this with guys like evgeny malkin i'm not saying that he's a turnover machine i'm saying
he's allowed to turn over pucks trying to create when you don't have the past success and resume
the way that certain players do biz that you're bringing up you can't do it and yeah you're right
some people never do learn that and you know what it is can't do it. And yeah, you're right. Some people never do learn that.
And you know what it is?
It's a lot of time they're like,
oh, the coach is getting upset at me about it.
Well, it's like, well, no, but like Malkin's doing it
and he's succeeding, you know,
let's say three of every 10 times
or four of every 10 times.
And in those times, he's creating grade A scoring chances.
Well, his team's well aware
he's going to get to play like that.
But if you're a guy who comes at a junior and now at the NHL level
because the defensemen are better, you're getting better back pressure
from forwards and people are actually playing a five-man structure
defensive unit, well, yeah, you're not going to be able to fucking
pull that off.
That's why I have so much respect, and I've mentioned this before,
about the ability for guys who come into the league as one type of player
to be able to change.
I think we've talked about this many times, but, you know, Jay Pandolfo,
he's the assistant coach of the Bruins now, an incredible player at Boston University,
unbelievable offensive talent, got into the NHL, realized he wasn't good enough to be a top two guy,
you know, consistently in the NHL.
He became a third and fourth line great player.
And not a lot of people are able to come into the league and realize,
all right, what I've done up to this point, I'm not good enough anymore.
I have to change my game to stay into this league, stay in this league.
So it doesn't happen nearly as often as you think it would
because it's really hard to change the DNA of a player.
And final note, we kind of got pretty deep into this
regarding the shrimp comments.
But that's why
to me development is so important and i spent time in pittsburgh and la who are probably two of the
better uh organizations at developing because they invest in their american hockey league team
you're not just going to draft guys they're going to come out of the fucking junior make impacts the
nhl you have to teach you how to play the right way at the the minor league level and it's amazing
to me how many organizations are avoiding spending money
in that category in order to get the best coaches and trainers
and video guys down at that level because it's far cheaper
where you're able to produce your own talent
and not have to go have to overpay free agents all the time.
Like LA, to me, is the perfect example.
They're flying guys in.
These guys are on diets, and they're fucking training with the best.
And they invest in that side of it.
And that's why these guys learn how to play properly.
And I know obviously they haven't had success in the last couple of years,
but for a while they did.
And they're one team that can turn late draft picks into players.
You know who I think epitomizes that kind of a player was Tommy Fitzgerald.
He was a guy who was outstanding every level he played at, high school, college,
and then he got to the pros, and it's like, all right, kid,
you're not going to be the stud number one center anymore.
And he was smart enough to adapt his game.
He became a check-in center and carved out a hell of a career for himself.
So he's the type of guy I think of when I think of guys who have to adapt.
And speaking of that clan, that family, how about his cousin brady kachuk i don't think
we're gonna see brady kachuk and jonathan erickson having tummy sticks before any games coming up
soon they had a scrap the other night uh erickson looked like he was picking on the rookie and
brady's not gonna take any shit from him he responded in kind a nice little scrap erickson
probably got the w but you Brady showed up. Interestingly,
it was Brady's third fight of his rookie year. His brother Matthew has seven in his three seasons,
and his father, Keith, has 51 in 1,290 career games combined, regular season and playoffs.
But the camera panned to the old man during the fight. He was laughing his balls off. He was
enjoying it as much as anybody. Wits, did you happen to catch that clip? I did, and people should know, Jonathan Erickson,
one of the hottest guys in the NHL, complete man rocket, man missile.
They call him the Greek god.
I mean, listen, this guy, he walks into a room, he's just
And he's tall.
And he's tall, and he's jacked.
Good hair.
Yeah, he's got it all, and he's way tougher than people realize.
So props to Brady Kachuk stepping up.
That kid doesn't give a shit.
He plays a certain way.
All the Kachuks do.
It's fun to watch.
Matthew's going to get hurt this summer.
Yeah, that was a good little tilt.
You can tell he's not afraid.
I mean, Brady Kachuk was at BU last year, and I saw him.
And you could tell he was going to be in the NHL.
He's going to be a big-time player.
I didn't know it would be this year.
So impressive to see.
Put fucking Brady Kachuk on
my team any day of the week oh yeah he got slashed in the hands hey Erickson's a wily vet you know
he know he's trying to get to in Brady Kachuk's kitchen he gives him a little slash on the hands
after he dumped that puck and Erickson knows what he was doing if you're a Detroit fan don't tell me
he doesn't know what he was doing there and I'm okay with it and then as soon as it happened
Brady said are you fucking kidding me?
This fucking rookie looked at, what is it, Erickson, a 10-year vet now?
Yeah, maybe 11, 12 at this point.
He's played a long time.
Didn't even hesitate.
He's like, fucking let's go, buddy.
And I love, I would say he's going to be a skilled player,
even maybe close to a point a game in his NHL career, at least I hope so.
And a guy that could take matters into his own hands as far as his physical play,
that's a guy who's going to be able to play playoff hockey.
Right there, I know it.
And another name that comes to mind who's like that is Jamie Benn.
You slash Jamie Benn in the hand, he's saying, let's fucking go.
You slash me in the hand, I'm just looking around like, can somebody do something?
Yeah.
Biz. Biz. Fuck you, all, can somebody do something? Yeah. Biz.
Biz.
Fuck you, all right.
Help me out.
My pinky hurts.
Yeah.
But, no, I love that, and I know I'm a little bit more old school
in my thinking of the game, but to me, as a coach and as a teammate,
I see that.
I'm like, I'm running through a fucking wall for that guy.
Speaking of the Red Wings, it was a rough knife.
Detroit's Dennis Cholowski.
He was scratched on his own bobblehead night.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, he's got a bobblehead already.
I don't know.
That's kind of early in his career to get a bobblehead.
But I guess he had been out of the lineup the last few games.
But I read up on it.
I guess his coach also scratched him when his first game back in his hometown
with all family and friends there.
And he scratched him one of the dad strip games as well.
So this is like the five games he's been scratched this year,
three times he's been like something personal tied to it as well.
And then after the game, he was sent back down to Grand Rapids.
Oh, God.
It's a rough fucking year.
Time out.
They had a bobblehead for a kid who is even potentially going to get sent
down to the minors?
Yeah, that's what I don't
Was he on a one-way? I don't know what the  He's good. He's going to get sent down to the minors? Yeah, that's what I don't  Is he on a one-way?
I don't know what the
He's good.
He's going to be a player.
Right, but, I mean, fuck.
I know.
It's surprising.
Very early for a bobblehead.
Do an Erickson bobblehead.
Yeah, yeah.
At least the girls can jam themselves with it and everyone can be happy.
You can't make a bobblehead hot enough so Erickson can't get one?
Hey, yeah, that was a funny story.
It reminded me of the time, and I wish I remembered this exactly what happened.
You guys know my memory, but Miroslav Shatan was going to play
his 1,000th game on the Penguins, and Terian tried scratching.
Terian was going to scratch him in his 1,000th game.
It was at home, and I remember, I think the  not the ownership.
The general manager got involved
and said, you're playing this guy tonight.
He's playing.
This is the house of the game.
I think I was there, and I want to say it was the night he was supposed
to get his silver stick.
Oh, so maybe he'd already played at that.
Either way, Tarion tried.
And by the way, people always ask me, oh, you hate Michel Tarion.
I know I go into it all the time, but I do kind of want to say the guy could coach.
He got teams pretty good.
He was kind of limited a little at the end, I think,
but I always shit on him, but he was a good coach.
But quickly, he did try to bury him on a night that was kind of supposed to be
his night in a similar fashion to this young guy in Detroit.
Was it Chowalski?
I never say it right.
I mean,
but are you hard on Tarion?
Like,
let's just be flat out about it.
Tarion is,
is kind of an asshole,
but if I saw him,
I'm like,
it's,
he's like a funny asshole.
Cause he's not doing things that are like that evil.
I mean,
he's healthy.
The word evil is incorrect.
Sure.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. He's a coach. Yeah coach he's a coach that played mental
mental games with guys and he was hard on me
so I always fucking you know bring up
how he just ran my show
there's nothing more I would love for Terry to come on this podcast
and us to ask him about these and be like
yeah I was trolling the guy a little bit
fucking it's like hey Terry what about when you
blew the smoke on the bus driver's face yeah I just
did it to see if I'd get away with it.
I want to know what's actually going on ahead of his.
The bus driver didn't turn over the puck at the blue line.
You know, he didn't deserve the smoke.
Guys, I got to give a fun story here.
Grinnell, he's giving me a hard time because I told it to him off the air.
It's about a lovely lady that I know.
She's a cool girl, a girl that when I go to Toronto,
when I go there, I, you know, shoot her a text, and then, you know, I don't need to get into the rest.
But she used to have an Instagram and progressively it got more scandalous.
And then all of a sudden her Instagram disappeared.
And then I reconnected with her, I think, after like a year, year and a half of not talking to her.
And we met up again, and i don't need to go into the
details and just afterward i always ask some questions like hey like what are you doing like
like where's your instagram going she's like oh well like you know like i'm doing like cam type
things and you know and i have private accounts now because she kept getting uh blocked or deleted
off the app because there were two scandalous. So she's made them private, kind of like that foot fetish lady,
the archbishop, where men will pay to subscribe to her page
and she'll send them videos of her doing whatever to herself.
So I'm like, whoa, she doesn't have to leave the house
and make significant money.
She doesn't have to fuck old dudes to make money.
I asked her how, how much
she made. And she said last year, she cleared 400,000 jamming her box, recording it and sending
it to dudes, 400,000. So yeah. So I'm, I'm just amazed. And I will say this, I, I, after watching
the video, like the camera angles are amazing. Like are amazing. She's put some hard work into this.
She puts outfits on.
She has different types of toys.
But to think that in today's world, you can make 400,000 by sitting at home and masturbating
is, and all you need to buy is a cell phone, an internet package.
Sign me up.
I'll make 2,000,000.
It's based on how often. That poses the question, Gr internet package. Sign me up. Now that poses the question.
Based on how often. That poses the question,
Grinnell, would you be
in a porno with your face being shown
for half a million dollars?
Half a million dollars? Cash.
Yep. Yeah, absolutely.
Would you really?
I think so, yeah. Yeah, I would.
Unreal story, but I mean, dude, you're not coming back from that one.
I know.
And 500,000 is going to run out, I'll tell you that.
We get some great content out of it, though.
What if you were just unreal, though, and you became like a superstar?
You're the little kid that they use now in those videos, too.
You look exactly like them.
Oh, yeah, that's true.
We talked about that. I'm what's big right now in porno.. You look exactly like them. Oh yeah, that's true. We talked about that.
I'm what's big right now in porno.
Like I could have a career takeoff here.
And Brazzers, I know Brazzers listens.
So if Brazzers is interested.
Okay, wait, time out, time out.
What if they offered you a contract?
I know Brazzers listens.
Of a 10 year deal.
So you're getting like a Kovalchuk type deal.
300K a year, but you have to be in porn.
How often?
And what kind of porn are we talking about?
Well, what does it matter, dude?
I mean, you're going to be the guy.
You're going to be the new Peter North.
What's going to be your signature move?
I need more than that.
Well, yeah, the whole calling card is he's the first male porn star
with a four-and-a-half-inch dick.
And a five- a half inch dick. And a five inch nose.
Exactly.
He's going to be fucking him with his nose.
I got like a Coke can cock nose.
Like I was saying before,
I think I would do the dominatrix shit
where I would just get dominated by a girl.
A girl would just like beat the crap out of you.
Hey, can we take a minute to laugh about these videos
where there's a hole cut out of the bottom of the massage table
and then the porn star walks in with a robe on
that has like Everlast and boxing gloves
and she goes underneath the table and starts sparring
with the fucking balls that are drooping down between the hole.
Do you ever fucking see these videos online?
I haven't, no.
Oh, shit.
Maybe delete this out.
I haven't, though.
Oh, shit.
Maybe delete this out.
All right.
What kind of sick shit do you watch on porn, RA?
I'm an old school man.
I could actually look at just pictures, dude.
What?
Still pictures of non-touched up photos.
Disgusting bins.
No, just natural pictures.
Not like regular women.
I don't like Instagram fake photos. Just regular. I don't know i don't need like crazy porn at the stage of the game
he still has the vhs's yeah it's funny when i when i moved that spice network
spice yeah the black box like remember the old black boxes yeah i mean yeah dude i mean
playing playing with yourself used to be work you needed a a VCI. You needed a VCI remote.
You had to make sure no one walked in the room on you.
You had to, like, it was a fucking chore playing with yourself.
Actually, I was telling, not going to lie,
I'd rather beat off to mental imagery, like mental, like, you know,
going through a scene in my head.
Your file cabinet in your head.
Yeah, my USB card.
Biz, actually, I thought you'd appreciate that.
I told my wife the other day this song.
I don't know if you guys ever heard Wicked Game by Chris Isaac,
but it's a very sexual song, and it was on.
We were at dinner, and the song came out.
I was like, oh, this song.
I was like, I cranked it to this music video when I was like 11 years old.
He was on the beach with the hottest girl I've ever seen,
and apparently I remember seeing the VH1 behind the... They do the pop-up
video and he crushed
her. The guy crushed the model when they
were on a tree together.
It's a very sexy video.
I guess he actually penetrated her. They got it
going. They were legit fucking
during the filming of the video. He was a
handsome singer.
This video, I think it was the first time I might have cranked it.
A couple things here.
Confession to make.
I used to crank it out to BET rap videos to the video vixens.
100.
What was it?
The St. Lunatics had a song?
Or was it Nelly?
Where, oh, these girls are.
I like a nice, juicy woman, right?
I don't discriminate.
I like them big, small, short.
Remember the grind on MTV?
It's weird because you're getting the guy's face there
and you're like, ugh, just show the video of fucking Vixen.
Then you see the video of Vixen and you get fired up.
Then the second thing was, and this is kind of embarrassing,
I think in my life my mom caught me cranking it out like three times.
I think you told us.
Yeah, that's three more times than me.
But she didn't talk to me for two weeks once.
You're lucky she ever talked to you again.
She walked in on her son just violating himself to a BET video.
I think I'd send Ryder to a home.
Whitney, do you remember Portnoy made a copy of that video?
Do you remember that?
He did his own version of it.
Oh, my God.
You're right.
He did.
You'll never beat off to it again now.
Yeah, Biz, I know you mentioned the old guys.
We're talking about guys getting older and maybe things change a little bit.
And, you know, unfortunately, studies show that 52 of guys will experience erectile dysfunction at some point.
A lot of guys think it's the way they're built, but actually it's the first sign something could be more serious,
a high blood pressure, high cholesterol, a heart condition.
That's why you want to go to Roman, okay?
Roman is awesome.
It's a one-stop shop for men's health.
They have their own licensed physicians and certified pharmacies across the country,
which means the whole process is quick and painless for you.
They take everything from online diagnosis to fast deliveries of your FDA-approved medication,
always in their super discreet, unmarked packaging.
Being a Roman member means no waiting rooms, no awkward face-to-face conversations,
no trip to the pharmacy.
With Roman, you get access to licensed physicians and brand-name medication like Viagra
or generic equivalents for as little as 2 a dose without ever leaving your couch.
To get us started, all you have to do is visit GetRoman.com slash chicklets and complete a brief
online visit. A licensed physician will review it and either approve your request to reach out
to you if you have questions. It's that easy. Guys, if you're experiencing ED, go online and
get checked by the doctor. I know ED can be tough to talk about and tackle, especially when you get
older, you don't want to, but hey, with Roman,
it's easy, anonymous, and only takes a few minutes to get started.
To waive Roman's usual online visit fee, get roman.com slash chicklets
or click the link in the description box below.
That's get roman.com slash chicklets for your free online visit.
Oh, shit, we forgot to talk about hockey for the last 20 minutes.
Yeah, actually, I wanted to get back in.
Because that just gave me a nightmare.
I also had another nightmare a couple days ago, boys.
And that was just getting on social media.
I didn't have my phone for a little while, and I hopped on social media.
It might have been Valentine's Day.
And I was tagged many, many, hundreds and hundreds of times
because the entire Chicago Blackhawks team was skating around
with Chris Kunitz jerseys on for his 1,000th game played.
I said to my buddy at the house, I said,
I would have had a seizure if I was at this game.
And I looked down, it was just Kunitz jerseys everywhere.
But I wanted to say congrats to that guy.
Wow, 1,000 games, four for Stanley cups, Olympic gold medal,
all-star game appearances and undrafted out of Ferris state.
So what a career he's had, but yeah, to, to, to just get punched in the gut,
to see jerseys everywhere as I'm gaining weight rapidly and looking worse and
worse each day. It's tough to see all biz.
You got thrown in the mix because people started saying,
oh, Biz probably had to chuck in to buy him something.
So it's just the perfect storm for torturing us,
spitting chicklets at members, and Chris Coon,
it's being behind the wheel of all of it.
Yeah, it was like a combo chirp fest for me and you.
Yeah, man.
I mean, like you just said, Wits, I'm drafted to 1,000 games.
That, to me, is incredible.
Like, nobody thought this guy was worthy of a fucking pick,
and he gets 1,000 games out of it. He's got, you know, 613 points in 1,001 games. That to me is incredible. Like nobody thought this guy was worthy of a fucking pick and he gets a thousand games out of it. He's got, you know, 613 points in a thousand,
one games. I mean, that's, I think 0.63 points a game.
It's pretty respectable number for Stanley cups, 178 playoff games.
That's two whole fucking seasons of playoff games. And you know, no one,
like I said, no one drafted the guy. You got to tip your hat to him.
I know you get tortured all the time and you hear his name,
but you can't help respect what, what the kid's one drafted the guy. You got to tip your hat to him. I know you get tortured all the time when you hear his name, but you can't help respect what the kid's done with the guy.
What a trade.
Chris Kunitz is a honey badger.
He's a gamer.
Respect to him and what he's done with a career
and really a great fill-in guy for Crosby.
Crosby made him a bit of a household name there
after he came over from Anaheim in that trade,
and that worked out kind of like his Pascal Dupuy.
Dupuy always amazed me because it was the big deal.
The Penguins got Marion Hossa when we traded Armstrong
and Eric Christensen and the draft pick.
But Pascal Dupuy was part of that deal.
He was like a throw-in.
And he ended up what a career he had with the Penguins.
Won all those cups.
So just some amazing moves by Ray Sherrill back in the day to get Pittsburgh that first Stanley Cup.
So again, congrats to Kunitz.
And now we had some, what probably is hockey history in Ontario the other night.
On the same play, the same person got the overtime game winning goal and the shutout.
It was obviously the goaltender.
It was the Greater Ontario Junior Hockey League.
They played two overtimes and then they go to a tie.
So it was late in the second overtime.
One coach was going for the win, so he pulled his goalie.
And just as the extra tackle was hitting the ice, St. Thomas goalie,
Anthony Hurtabese, makes a glove save.
And almost in one fell swoop, in one motion, he drops the puck to the ice,
shoots the puck quick all the way down the ice.
So he got the game-winning goal and
27 saves. Shout out.
Shoot. Fucking talk
much. Shut up.
I don't
understand. Hold on. The team who lost
had a power play coming up.
It was 3-1-3
and double overtime, but after two
overtimes, it becomes a tie.
There's no shootout. There's no third overtime. the team that i guess they needed an extra point they were trying
to get the extra point so they pulled their goalie to have a four on three okay and then just as the
extra attack was coming on the ice guy made the save shot it so he scored the game-winning goal
and preserved this shutout all in one play i i have to think it's the first time it probably
happened in organized hockey, you know?
Yeah, I saw that.
I was tagged in that Instagram.
That was wild, wild stuff.
Good for him.
Hey, who knows how far that guy's going to go in hockey?
He made national news.
Like, good for him.
It's really cool.
Yeah, and like I said, Biz, I tracked down an interview.
He said, I didn't think twice.
I shot the puck, and it went in.
He said he always jokes about it.
He always practices, and he said he always misses in practice which was which was pretty funny said it was a surreal
moment an unbelievable experience and no pun intended but the stars aligned last night because
he plays with i love that i love that good for him um off hockey topic right now wait i gotta
ask you about this matt kutcher cad Yeah, Biz, just a wild story.
So a lot goes into it.
Players on the PGA Tour, they have full-time caddies that travel with them,
not necessarily with them, but they travel away from their families,
and they get paid handsomely for it.
If a player wins, you give 10 to your caddy.
That's pretty well known.
That's the normal rate.
The percentages of what you get based on the winnings change, top five, top ten. That kind of depends on your personal relationship with your caddy. That's pretty well known. That's the normal rate. The percentages of what you get based on the winnings change, you know, top five, top 10. That kind of depends on your personal
relationship with your caddy. But Matt Kuchar played in the Mayakoba Classic and everyone,
I think everyone's heard this story by now, but he didn't, his regular caddy, I don't know why
he wasn't there. It doesn't even really matter. So he took a local caddy, a guy who's kind of a
legend, I guess, down at this resort and is a normal caddy there
day to day for people on vacation, their members, whatever it may be. And he usually makes 200 bucks
a day. He goes out and does a loop, gets paid 200 bucks. So Matt Kuchar won the tournament,
right? He won close to 1.2, 1.3 million. This is a guy who's earned 44 million in his career on course.
I'm going to guess, I don't really know, 25 to 35 million off the course.
I mean, this guy, he's made 70, 80, 90 million.
So he went out and he won 1.2 million.
He hadn't won in quite a while.
He ended up giving the caddy 5,000.
Now, the story goes that before the tournament, Kuchar made a deal with the caddy 5,000. Okay. Now the story goes that before the, before the
tournament, um, Kuchar made a deal with his caddy and the deal was agreed upon. Um, I could be a
little off, but it doesn't, it doesn't matter to the story. Basically it was like 2000 bucks,
no matter what, if I make the cut 3000 bucks, top 10, 4,000 bucks plus bonus, something like that.
There was a plan in place. All right. He won and gave him 5,000.
Right. So if his caddy was there, um, and you know, I say one, 1.25, his caddy would have made
125,000. I think they said the caddy would have made his regular would have made 130,000.
This fucking guy gives the caddy 5,000 bucks. Are you kidding me? And a lot of this, a lot of this, uh, the, the, the elitist
country club crowd, I've seen so many golf commentators that I follow. Uh, they had a deal,
a deal is a deal. Um, and Kutcher came out and buried himself because when the news broke,
he said, this isn't a story, this isn't a story. And then he went back on his, uh, he, you know,
he, he went back to what he said and said, I haven't lost any sleep over this. And he said, that guy made 5,000 bucks. That's a pretty great week for a guy like that.
Just such a tone deaf comment, such a stupid, ridiculous asshole sounding, um, not understanding
like the real world comments after winning that much money and being worth that much money.
And my whole thing is, yeah, he had a deal,
but you know what, dude, why can't you break the deal? Because if you give that guy,
if you give that guy 60,000 bucks, right, you are still saving half of what you would have had to pay regular caddy. Had he been there, you're getting, um, some great pub. Not that he'd be
that not the players do stuff like that for pub.
More than anything, though, he would have been a legend forever with caddies.
It would have been a story that went around forever,
grateful and changed his entire life,
giving him 50, 60,000 bucks, and you give him a hand.
And then you come out with comments about how you don't feel bad. I'm not losing sleep.
This doesn't matter.
It was a deal.
Holy shit, buddy.
And you know what?
People can say, like, he's a great guy. I know him. Yeah. Maybe you know him and he's a good guy, but he's
a cheap bastard. He's a cheap, cheap bastard because 5,000 to someone in that situation is
a joke. And when people come to me and say a deal is a deal, the guy agreed to it. Fuck off.
You can break a deal. You want to make the guy's life, give him some money. You're not Matt Kuchar
giving that guy, Matt Kuchar giving that guy 60,000 is, is grabbing a quarter out of your car. It's
nothing to him. And he's just, and then he finally released a statement. You know,
we ended up giving him 50,000 cause that's what he wanted. I, I, uh, I, I cringed when I read my
comments. Well, dude, your PR team and yourself, you're you're it's too late. You know what? You
came out with the statement and you ended up doing it right,
but it was too late and you looked like a fool.
And I don't blame people for torturing him online
because that's a bullshit move.
And I think he's a cheap guy and I think forever he's the aw shucks.
People used to chant, cooch, when he made putts.
Well, now I'm sure people are going to be chirping him.
If I was at an event, I'd chirp him.
That cheap is the worst thing you can be.
It really,
really is.
So that story,
um,
I think it's,
I think it's unfortunate because he does seem like a good guy that something
like this would might be a great guy.
Right.
But it just sucks at like,
he just couldn't be self-aware enough to just like realize in that situation.
Like,
I mean,
fuck you.
He ended up giving the guy 50 grand.
He could have just done that from the beginning. Like even 50 would have been life changing in that situation. I mean, fuck you. He ended up giving the guy 50 grand. He could have just done that from the beginning.
Even 50 would have been
life-changing for that guy.
Here's the thing, Biz. Sorry. I'm sorry
to interrupt you, but I forgot to say this.
When he apologized...
He never apologized. Sorry. When he came back
the second time recently and said,
I don't lose sleep over it, and
we had a deal, if he
had just come back that time and said, you know what? I messed up. I, um, we had a deal. If he, if he had just come back that time
and said, you know what? I messed up. I messed up. I gave him the 50 grand totally, uh, you know,
dumb move by me stories over. Cause everyone makes mistakes and you realize you made a mistake.
No, the comment, the going back and doubling down on his word, um, that made him look like a fool.
Then he actually ended up what you said, business him the 50 grand he could have done it originally
and now it's just caught wildfire
fuck and then were you
joking when you tweeted something out about
how he took the guy's ball marker that was
a quarter and then put down a dime
yeah yeah just so like
I was like come on I'm like this guy
did this back to back weeks
now I hate it
I think my tweet was tweeted in a crazy sequence of events,
and I'm going to read as I imagine when I'm tweeting it.
This is how it sounds in my mind.
In a crazy sequence of events, Matt Kuchar just picked up a quarter
John Rahm was using to mark his golf ball.
When asked to put it back, Kuchar threw down a nickel and walked away.
So I kind of briefly heard the first story about the caddy situation
and when you tweeted that, oh, I
figured you watch golf every day.
Well, I watched you was playing with Rom, so I just
Yeah, yeah, but I'm just following
on Twitter, so I'm like this fucking guy
again with the nickel
and dime. Well, so
I got a little more. There's a little more
caddy news coming from me.
Oh, Jesus. So the Barstools Golf Podcast 4 play.
Everyone knows I'm going to dummy that moron Riggs when we play in the match
whenever it happens.
He hosted.
He did a podcast where he had local or not local, just caddies calling
and tell stories.
I didn't listen to it, but I got a lot of text the next day that I was attacked by a caddy at Pinehurst.
So I didn't listen because I was steaming mad.
I'm like, this fucking kid.
And I had a buddy kind of tell me what was said.
What was said by this caddy was apparently that I was stuck behind the green on the 10th hole, and I couldn't get it.
I was down low.
I couldn't pull off the shot.
You needed to pull off to get up and down. And I ended up bitching about it the rest of the round.
Yes, that happened. Actually, the next hole, I took my bag. I said, I'm walking. Give me my bag.
What actually, what the actual story was, we were in a big match, a couple of friends. We're going
to be back down in Pioneer. So I'll go into that in a minute. We were in a big match on the 10th hole. Hit my drive. This is a little golf talk for everyone.
Hit my drive, okay? I said, how far is the pin? I know nothing about this hole or this golf course,
okay? He tells me it's 215, all right? So if I pure a four iron, if I hit an awesome four iron,
it's a 210 club, it might roll out to 215. That that's the most I get hit it. Right? Well, in golf, you need to know where the pin is on the hole.
You need to know if the pins in the back, you cannot be long. So if it's 215 pin in the back,
do not hit it longer than 215 or you're dead. Uh, and this particular hole long is dead.
Long is fucked. The pin was in the back. so this moron caddy never told me that he
didn't tell me the green was enormous and that the pin was in the back and that the pin was 215
but hit it 205 at the most and then you'll have an eagle putt little two putt birdie you know
little two putt birdie so i smoked this four iron absolutely pured the kids i was playing with says
the best four and they've ever seen me hit we play a lot of golf together i'm like oh be right i get up there i see i see no ball okay i see the pin in the very
back of the green and then i walk and i see about a five foot drop and then i see my ball long so
now i'm short-sighted right i got five feet to try to get up this hill don't know if i should
putt it don't know i'm i i i wanted to try to bump it into the hill, have it bounce onto the green, get a birdie putt.
No, I couldn't create the shot.
I fucked up.
I took about three shots down there.
And I was so furious at this moron kid for not telling me, don't be long, dude.
I caddy here 5,000 times.
This hole, if you're long, you're dead.
No, he didn't say a word to me.
He tells the story that I'm furious that I couldn't pull off the shot behind the green.
Well, why was I in the back of the green, buddy? And let me tell you something. This fucking kid
calls in and shit me. I'm going to Pinehurst. I'm going to Pinehurst on master's week. I will be
there. We're flying in Wednesday. We're playing golf. I'm going to Pinehurst Thursday. I'm walking
directly down to the caddy barn. I wouldn't recognize this kid from a hole in the wall.
I'm going to say, hey, I want to talk to the caddy.
They called in the foreplay.
And I'm going to say, hey, you little fucking pussy.
You don't say a word to me during that round.
And then you call in and badmouth me.
How about next time you tell me don't be long in the 10th hole, you dumb fuck.
And I'll tell you, I'm going to  I'll have somebody video me go down and say I want to speak to this caddy in person.
I'll fucking put him in a suplex down in the caddy.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe this kid.
So, yeah, I'm going down there, and you can be ready.
I'm certainly not going to do anything because I'm not tough,
and you'd probably beat me up.
But I'm going to have words with you.
I'll beat you verbally.
So, yeah, that was bullshit.
That was bullshit.
Put it this way.
He's not going to be on my bag at the Pinehurst trip this year.
Oh, God.
Fuck, man.
That's funny, man.
I don't even know much about golf, but that's just good stuff.
Do you understand what I'm saying in terms of
Yeah.
Tell them, you know what?
Hey, man.
I'm acknowledging the fact that you were in that position to begin with
because it was his mistake.
That's insane.
Exactly.
Once again, just not being self-aware,
and that seems to be a major problem on this plan.
Yo, the pin was 215.
If he told me the pin was 180,
I would have been about 30 yards short of the green
with a nice little chip up the hill to maybe get up and down for birdie.
No, you don't say anything, and I end up dead in jail.
We lost the match, and I don't like you.
So when he called in for a play, what did he say about you?
I didn't listen.
I didn't listen.
We're going to have to maybe get the audio.
My friend told me that Cross-Eyed Riggs was egging him on.
I'm sure Riggs was loving that.
I know he was loving the bad talking of me,
and the kid was apparently saying that I was complaining about this shot
the rest of the time, and I was.
I hated it.
I was so mad at the kid.
Unbelievable rant, Witt.
Speaking of rants, Don Cherry had one of his own
regarding the Carolina Hurricane celebration.
Obviously, Carolina's been very hot as of late.
They had a home run derby on the ice after the game.
First of all, I guess I'll throw this to wit uh or i'll throw it
to ra uh thoughts on the home run derby and and of course don cherry's comments i think i like it
more just because it's like pissing people off more than the actual act itself just because it's
something you've never seen before i know what was dumping on a couple weeks back and of course
don cherry making fun of it's the most predictable thing ever uh I think it's fucking hilarious it's just something different like I said a guy Justin
Williams is behind them behind the whole movement and he's a guy who's liked he's respected he's a
funny guy so I think that gives a little extra credence to it but uh I think again I'm more
entertained by the fact people are getting upset over it than the actual actions themselves can we
play the audio of Don Cherry and what he has to say right now?
Grinnell before wit chimes in.
This is the national hockey league.
Brenda Moore is a good coach.
He played these guys to me are jerks.
You have to do this in the next.
They're still not drawn.
This is to me.
And I'll tell you one thing.
They better not do this in the playoff.
What I don't understand is Brenda Moore is a street shooter.
He always was.
This is a joke. The rest of the guys,
young men, expressing themselves
for joy of winning.
They don't do this thing in the night. This is professional
hockey. What are these guys, the jerks
or something? And I'll tell you one thing, they do
this in the playoff, making fun of the other team.
But none of these out on the ice. The game's over.
I admit, I always liked your theory of
when you celebrate, when you win only.
That's why you liked Muhammad Ali, whereas Sugar Bladder did the struggle.
Yeah, before.
Now, you don't.
If you want to do it, do it before.
But that is absolutely ridiculous.
I know the rest of the people.
I know all the broadcasters and everything are afraid to say something like that.
They're jerks doing it.
I kind of like it.
I know you.
You're lucky.
The weatherman.
You know what I mean?
I know what I'm talking about.
You never do anything like that.
They're still not drawn.
They're a bunch of jerks as far as I'm concerned.
Imagine Justin Williams doing stuff like that.
It seems a little odd.
I've got to give you that.
Yeah, Don, not happy.
I know I was shitting on this a little bit.
I mean, I don't love it.
I will say the baseball one was their best one.
A little walk-off.
That was entertaining.
But, I mean, yeah, all right.
People are getting mad at it.
It's like anything in the world.
Now half the people love it, half the people hate it.
I can see why people don't like it.
It is a little childish.
And I can also see the people saying, how are you mad?
They're having fun.
Everyone's having fun.
The game needs to be  more fun needs to be involved in these games.
Yeah, I just think it's like 10-year-old shit.
But if they like doing it and they're winning games
and they're in the playoffs if the playoffs started today,
good for them.
I wouldn't be thrilled when I'm playing musical chairs
after we get a win and I was minus two.
My only comments on this are going to be I'm okay with them doing it,
whatever, do it.
But I want to go back to the hypocrisy of the television person
for the carolina hurricanes i don't know who it was because it was a quick instagram clip that i
saw uh of the guy saying it he was upset at lynn home doing the the what's that thing called the
the minnesota school school school and and lynn home was kind of like quote-unquote taunting them, buddy, you're doing fucking home run derbies after your wins.
Don't fucking be a hypocrite, okay?
So if Lindholm wants to get back to you a little bit,
don't be all poopy pants, okay?
You're the one fucking laughing and giggling up in the press box
when they're having a home run derby
or they're doing a Congo line on an NHL ice surface, okay?
So I'm okay with them doing it,
but I don't want to fucking hear a peep out of any fucking current Carolina
hurricanes fan or,
or management or anything about someone being disrespectful.
Like,
come on here.
Am I,
am I wrong?
No,
am I fucking not bang on?
Imagine like the team,
the team that plays them.
If they get into the playoffs,
you're going to be like, they are not beating us
and doing this dancing whatever celebration.
No chance that the team plays in playoffs won't bring it up at some point.
Yeah, it's fine.
I don't want to hear anyone from Carolina say,
oh, that guy's not classy.
Come on here.
You guys are fucking doing Congo lines.
Ron Cherry's such a legend, though, that he says anything, all of a sudden there's t-shirts out like because he called them jerks
right there's already t-shirts where those jerks or whatever so um interesting to see from from
the man who just can can cause a shit storm no matter what he brings up don cherry i'm just
surprised it took him this long to complain about it because this he's usually on top of this somebody
probably just told him about it yeah yeah exactly. Actually, we hadn't mentioned yet,
there was the inaugural rivalry series was held this weekend
between one of the great hockey rivalries out there,
the Canadian women and the American women.
It was a best of three.
The U.S. lost first game.
I'm sorry, won the first game, won nothing.
Then they lost the second game, 4-3,
and the final game, 2-0, Sunday in Detroit.
So shout out to the Canadian women.
They got another notch over the Americans.
But, you know, I think the biggest stakes are when it counts a little bit more,
like the Olympics or World Cup-type events.
Yeah, trying to hype it up a little bit.
It was good to see Canada on the winning side finally.
I know it's been a one-sided rivalry as of late.
Any comments, Whit?
No, no.
I think we won 8 of 10, and then, you know, they got this one.
Good for you guys, Biz.
We'll see when it counts.
We'll see when there's a medal on the line.
So a great job by the women growing the game.
A couple of quick notes, St.
Louis blues, a color TV analyst, Darren Pang.
It's his birthday.
Happy birthday to him.
He's great.
A great hockey personality.
Always very anger.
Panger.
Always very joyful to be around.
Also congratulations to the hall of famer,
Doc Emmerich,
for calling his 1,000th NHL broadcast for American National Network.
So he's been around a while, a true legend in his field.
Obviously, being in the media industry, boys, those are like the icons to us.
So congratulations.
Another thing is Duchesne looks like he's going to be getting shipped off.
I don't know if they couldn't work out a deal between Brassau and Ottawa Senators,
but it seems as though they are going to move him by the deadline
and even potentially Stone.
Yep.
I actually saw that Brian Lawton, former agent, GM player,
now at NHL Network, he said he thinks they're both going to be traded.
Duchesne, they've already said will
I think this Monday, they'll start really getting
and start trying to get some offers or get
some offers. And yeah, I mean, if they can't get
a deal with Stone, that easily could not happen.
He'll be out there too. So we're in for a wild deadline.
Yeah, boys,
let's swing it over to the gambling
corner for a second. Last week, I
went one and two with my
picks. I lost one unit total because
the Bruins puck line came through late. Patrice Bergeron with a miracle cover. So now we're going
to go to this week's gambling corner, see what I like this week. But first, I want to talk to you
about ShipStation. If you're going to be selling stuff online, you want to use ShipStation. You get
your orders out the door quick. It can be tough. That's why you want ShipStation. It's the fastest
and easiest way to manage and ship your orders all from one place, okay? ShipStation helps you
get orders out quickly and keep your customers happy, whether you're using your own site,
Shopify, Etsy, eBay, anything, anything out there. There's so many selling channels. ShipStation
brings all your orders into one simple interface. It makes them real easy to manage from any device,
even your cell phone. Use ShipStation to create shipping labels for all the top carriers, UPS, FedEx, the
post office, all of them. And with ShipStation, you'll ship more in less time with the best rates
available. No wonder ShipStation is the number one choice of online sellers. Right now, try
ShipStation free for 30 days and get an additional month free only if you use our promo code chicklets don't
wait go to shipstation.com before you do anything else click on the microphone at the top of the
home page and type in chicklets that's shipstation.com enter chicklets shipstation make ship
happen all right so that's it go to ship and now we've got a couple of picks for you. Alright, Nashville
got spanked their last game in Vegas.
I think they're going to redeem themselves
after getting smoked out in Vegas.
They had a couple days to collect themselves.
They're in Dallas Tuesday night, I believe.
Take them on the money
line for a unit.
Take them on the puck for a unit as well.
I think they're going to spank Dallas.
And then Wednesday night, we got Winnipeg.
Is that Colorado?
Similar situation.
The Jets lost at home to the Senators Saturday.
They've probably been stewing ever since it happened.
The Avs have been a mess lately, too.
I'm not too crazy about them.
So I also like the Jets on the money line to win for a unit
and the puck line for a unit as well.
So again, Fred's Tuesday, money and puck, unit each.
Winnipeg Wednesday, over Colorado, money and puck, a unit each.
So happy gaming.
Good luck to all.
This has been a good show, boys.
A good show.
I got, I got, what, Biz?
Well, I just got to talk briefly about the Arizona Coyotes.
They swept the season series against the Toronto Maple Leafs.
A little fun fact for you.
The Toronto Maple Leafs hadn't lost to a Western Conference opponent on the road
since December 31st of 2017 before the Coyotes beat them on Saturday night
at 5 o'clock that game started, and it was all fucking Coyotes.
2-0, shut out the big bad boy Leafs.
And a great overall effort.
I know I've said this once before,
but if the Arizona Coyotes are able to squeak into playoffs,
Rick Talkett should be a consideration for Coach of the Year.
And the reason I say that is at one point in the season,
they've had 10 players out due to injury.
They far and above had the most man games lost to injury this season
on their entire lineup
uh and they've just had to make trades and fill in holes with guys from the minors who have stepped
up and got the job done uh credit to that coaching staff and and of course the players who have been
fucking mustering out wins and none bigger than that one against toronto the other night following
that four nothing loss to st louis they are now three points out of a wild card position.
Ten fucking players were out at one time.
Yeah, they've been hit by injuries more than anyone else in the league,
so they're grinding.
So love the Yotes, baby.
Wagoon.
All right, boys.
Good chatting.
We caught up on a lot.
I'm going to be in Naples all week.
Wife heads home Wednesday morning. The buddies come down, and then it's I am, uh, I'm going to be in Naples all week. Uh, wife had told him Wednesday morning,
the buddies come down and then it's golf Wednesday,
Thursday,
Friday.
So I'll still talk to you Wednesday night.
I'll,
I'll be involved.
And,
and last thing I did some Budweiser Canada content with the,
the on the bench boys.
Uh,
great guys.
They,
they're,
they're funny,
funny dudes.
Uh,
they get some,
a lot of people shit on them online,
but,
uh,
they're pretty funny back.
They got some, uh with them working on their pond in northern Alberta
or whatever it is, and that's kind of how they got started out.
Now they're in Budweiser National Broadcast Commercial.
So congratulations to them, and thank you for including me
in your Budweiser Canada content.
And one last thing, just to let you know, me, Biz, and Grinelli
are going to be at Philadelphia next week for the stadium series,
Penguins vs. Flyers.
Thanks once again to New Amsterdam Vodka, hooking it up.
We're going to be having some Pink Whitney's, tailgating.
Look for the Barstool logo.
Look for the New Amsterdam logo.
All your favorite Barstool personalities and your favorite hockey podcast
will be there.
Come by, say hello, have some New Amsterdam Vodka,
responsibly, of course.
And everybody, have a great week.
We'll catch you on our episode later in the week.
You belong among the wildflowers
You belong in a boat at its sea
Sail away, kill off the owls. You belong somewhere you feel free.
Run away, find you lover.
Go away, somewhere all bright and new.
Go away somewhere all bright and new I have seen no other
Who compares with you
