Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. I believe in miracles
Where you from?
You sexy thing
Sexy thing, yeah
I believe in miracles
Since you came along
You sexy thing
Hello, everybody. Since you came along, you said something.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 153 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Coming to you a day late this week due to the trade deadline, so let's say hello to the boys.
Get ready here. Mikey Grinelli, our producer. What's going on, guy?
What's up, guys? Just getting back from Philly. Ate some cheesesteak, watched some hockey, some outdoor hockey.
It was a good time.
Yeah, it was a good time.
We'll get to that in a second.
Next, I'll go to our boy, Ryan Whitney.
Where are you right now, Whit Dog?
I'm in Milton, Massachusetts.
How are you guys?
Great to talk to you.
I feel like we haven't chatted in weeks.
Just that extra day, that extra day without the recording, fellas.
And I haven't heard about Phil-fidel-phia.
Yeah, we missed it down there.
And last, but of course not least, Paul Biznasty Bissonette.
What's up, brother?
How was Philly this weekend for you?
Did you have fun?
I had a blast.
What a setup by New Amsterdam.
Big thank you to them.
They had charcuterie board, sushi.
What else did they have at that cookout?
They had sushi at the tailgate.
They had filet mignon and mashed potatoes.
They had everything.
When I'm at Notre Dame, we have Lay's fucking potato chips
and a piece of bacon, and then you guys go to Philly
and you have sushi, filet, and charcuterie boards?
Yeah, but New Amsterdam wasn't there with us then.
Then now they are, and now we get the red carpet rolled out for us.
Shout out to New Amsterdam.
They had the Pink Whitneys flying everywhere.
NAV coming through.
So we got to meet all the fans outside of the private area
because there was a bunch of the bigwigs for New Amsterdam
who were all there and all the sales reps who'd been doing a good job
that they treated to the outdoor game experience.
And we were giving out merchandise to all these fans,
but Grinnell, R.A. was just nowhere to be seen.
I got asked by a bunch of fans, where was R.A.?
R.A. was hiding in the New Amsterdam fancy tent.
I think he was scared of all the shit he was talking about Philadelphia.
He didn't want Philly fans coming out.
And then he was kissing their ass after the whole experience on Twitter.
All right, what do you have to say for yourself?
First off, when I left the tent, I was outside talking to Philly fans.
That's where I went.
I was walking around because me and Culpa,
I did say on the last show that come to the tailgate,
I didn't know that the party was New Amsterdam.
It's basically a private party for them, and we were
invited. So we didn't have the same setup
in Chicago. I'm sorry, in Notre Dame.
So we couldn't do what we did there.
But no, I was outside talking to people,
socializing, bopping around.
Anyone who wanted me, man, I wasn't too hot to fucking
find. That's what bopping
around is called now, Ash, asking people,
yeah, you got a joint.
They were asking me. Well, actually, they were asking me.
Well, no, there was a kid who brought one for him and wanted to smoke one with him, but he was nowhere to be found.
It's weird because I had about 20 people say, hey, where's R.A.?
And he was moving from the sushi bar to the squid bar
to the Pink Whitney bar, then back to the filet mignon bar.
And he was really tucked away.
He wasn't even close to the entrance.
So I don't know. Maybe I saw wrong maybe i didn't see yeah i mean i was there schmoozing carousing whatever
you i mean you guys were there you're just on a different different side of the tent but i don't
know i was there talk to a lot of people but hey the game was fucking outstanding i lost my puck
line bet but uh unreal finish man that was an unreal finish well i kind of want to talk about
that so it would drive me nuts as a
coach and and i don't i didn't see how exactly the play went down but malcolm got tangled up with
another guy from philly late in that game and for you fucking kids coming up that play hockey
if you're up by two late in the game you don't want to go down to four on four if it means you
taking a punch in the head don't retaliate because the minute you go down to four on four. If it means you taking a punch in the head, don't retaliate
because the minute you go down to four on four,
there's just more offense created.
There's more holes on the ice.
And if you make a mistake, there's one less guy to maybe be there
to cover for you.
And sure as shit, just on a simple breakout routine,
Cullen ends up taking a slashing penalty on it.
I don't know if he just had a bad angle
on the guy. Definitely was a slash. No argument there. I could fucking hear it from the suite
that we were in. And at first, actually, when Cullen slashed him, I thought the ref wasn't
going to call it. And I'm like, fuck, man, that was a pretty nasty one and undisciplined. Sure
shit, they call it. They go down to four on three. Philly pots one on the PP,
and then they end up fucking coming back with a goalie pull.
Don't go down four on four.
Keep it five on five or take the power play.
And I know it was Gino, so you can't really say anything to Gino.
He's a superstar, and he probably doesn't give a fuck because he had his goal.
But, man, don't go down to four on four.
Too much open ice.
Yeah, a six on five is a gong show compared to how smooth
and easy a five on four is.
You don't really practice six on fives that often the way you do power plays.
Dude, I was so rattled.
I got home from Florida, had a buddy and his wife come over,
and I said, you know what?
They're drinking Pink Whitney's down at this game right now
that we're about to turn on, So let's have some of our own.
We were crushing them.
They're so good.
It's a joke.
I mean, I hate to pump my own tires, but I know people have liked it before me, but they're so good.
And they go down smooth.
All of a sudden you're crippled.
But either way, the point of the story is I bet Pittsburgh.
I am getting crushed right now.
Hammered.
And I was like
finally 3-1 looking great
Kessel's bombing through the middle
drops it to Malkin he sniped what was that 13 minutes
left they went up 3-1 I'm fired up
and what do you know they come back
and lose it and I'm so fucking pissed
off you know why else those helmets
were horrible oh my
god what were they thinking
it looked like I couldn't even watch it them
buzzing around those stupid helmets they looked like a power ranger almost like a orange and black
power range i swear i hated it and then losing money after watching those stupid helmets drove
me so crazy and you know what else i thought wayne simmons wow i mean what a way to go out as a flyer
he just he he pretty
much had the game that you know the way you remember Wayne Simmons playing like a huge hit
you know he's bullying people around out there so um you know yeah it's a shitty night though my
my favorite team lost and I lost money so yeah glad you guys had fun did you have them puck line
money line or both I had them both.
Once they give up the tie and goal, I'm like, good, I hope they fucking lose.
So I was actually glad the Flyers beat them.
Why?
You didn't have a money line, too?
No.
No, I just had a puck. Fuck you.
Yeah, we're looking good, man.
But, yeah, whatever.
I mean, everyone's like, oh, you lost.
I'm like, man, what I lost in that game was one-tenth of what I won on fucking
Winnipeg the night before.
Oh, yeah, let's hear it, babypeg the night before. Oh, yeah.
Let's hear it, baby.
Let's hear it.
There we go.
You saw the screenshots, Biz.
I sent them to you.
Oh, I love when you have big nights, all right, because it's big for the gambling corner.
A couple other things about the event.
Man, people in Philadelphia get fucked up.
I saw a crippled lady trying to sneak into the game. And then like the security guys caught her obviously.
And I'm just like,
man,
that's like 40 or later,
40 year old ladies,
just like drunk out of her mind.
Like not like some 20 year old.
She was like 40.
Well,
Grinnell,
were you beside me when she tried to sneak in there?
Yeah.
She had eye black on too.
She had eye black on.
Roughed up.
Eye black.
I forgot about that. At the beginning of the tailgate went through a
hell of a tailgate and now it was all rubbed off she was mangled she's like 45 wearing eye black
just your typical philly person sounds like a wwe character yeah she was okay so i have a story
about after the game too so you know everyone's even more drunk afterward we we couldn't get an
uber because of the way it was blocked off so we're you know we're waiting in the cold a little
bit finally after about an hour after the game ends we finally decide hey we're gonna have to
walk to public transit which is cool whatever it's all good like i'm cold i'm a little bit cranky
just because of a you know it's just like fuck it's it's i'm in philadelphia surrounded by drunken morons and so all of a sudden these guys behind us there's like a group like 15 of them
they start kicking this can and like the can hits me on the heel once and then like i'm like
god like i hope this guy doesn't kick it again like come on well he kicks it again and it goes
past my feet so he's blatantly now being an asshole.
Blatantly being a fucking asshole.
If you're kicking a can into someone, you're a piece of shit.
Probably from Philly.
If I kicked it in someone's direction, I would make sure I'd be,
hey, sorry, I was just kicking the thing,
and I didn't mean to kick it at you.
Boom, first try because, you know, have respect for people.
Sorry, I missed.
Are you solo or are you with Grinnelli?
No, Grinnell's there there and we're all walking together.
They had a hockey stick too. They were shooting it with a hockey
stick. They were shooting the can around with a hockey stick.
Well, there you go. So then
it finally goes by me again where
I'd already made up in my mind if it goes by
me one more time, I'm going to say something.
So this guy's probably like what? What would you say?
6'6", 6'8", big fucker.
He was massive.
So I look at him. I say, hey, bud, don't kick
that fucking can at me again.
And he's probably looking to chuck him, too.
Dude, I would have fucking dropped this fucking guy.
I was in one of those moods where I don't
care who the fuck it was. I was just cranky
and now this guy was
disrespecting me. And then on top
of that, he tries to flip it around. He tried to be like,
oh, what's your problem?
What's my fucking problem? You're kicking a can towards me man just don't do that and then i won't have a fucking
problem so then his buddy's like oh man what's your deal why are you so angry i'm like because
you're fucking kicking a can at me what do you mean i just fucking told you why i'm mad at you
so then then it kind of got weird and then the one of the guys in their group's like oh dude you're
the guy from spit and chick let's can we get a picture and then like obviously the mood kind of got weird. And then the, one of the guys in their groups like, Oh dude, you're the guy from spit and chicklets. Can we get a picture? And then like,
obviously the mood kind of settled.
And then the guy,
the other guy tried to bury the hatchet,
the guy who came in eight of the six,
eight guy.
And I'm like,
no,
I'm not going to be the fucking bad guy here.
Like you're,
you just,
just don't do that.
And if you want to throw down and you,
and you're,
you're drunk and you,
and you want to go,
let's fucking go,
let's do this.
I'll put down my 1,700 coat.
I'll put,
I'll, I'll take off my thousand dollar Bottega Veneta fucking suede boots,
and we can fucking do this.
Hey, he's like, hold on.
He's like, I only dummy people like you at the base of the Rocky statue.
Follow me over there.
Yeah.
Like, I just wasn't in the mood.
This wanted to redeem himself after getting dummied by Gritty
in the fucking suite.
Ah, shit.
I saw that.
I saw that.
That monster just jumped on top of you, huh?
Yeah, he's sucking me.
That was fucking hilarious.
It just turned around, and all of a sudden, Gritty and fucking Biz are having a wrestling match in the box.
That was outrageous.
We had a truce after.
We're all good.
We cleared the air.
We'll have to get him on the pod sometime.
And that's it. That was my little rant about that guy kicking the can so
if you're buddies with him and you were in that group of guys listen i just wanted to get to the
public transit and and get back to my comfy hotel room where i had a nice lovely lady coming to meet
me not a big deal uh oh another thing too is now i'm on the train and as i'm uh i'm sitting on
there was a stop and this these one guys who you know knew me from the podcast the one guy he was
on the riding the caboose last guy to get off he taps me on the shoulder and i have kind of resting
bitch face when i'm not smiling and he goes hey man try to have a good time and i'm like what do
you mean try to have a good time i'm riding public transit
with a bunch of drunken mutants like can you just leave me the fuck alone can i just sit here and
just not do anything so i have to be smiling at all times man i missed it i missed the doozy i'm
i'm so jealous i i that was that was rant biz and i i'm getting a little negative let's try to turn
this into a positive and talk about some other things. Yeah, we got to talk about the deadline, fellas. It was a big day today.
Absolutely, man. Huge day.
Last couple deadlines weren't really
exciting. I would say today was a
fucking pretty big deal. There was some major deals
made. A lot of names we expected to get moved
did get moved, so we're going to go
division by division, take a look.
But actually, before we get to that, I want to let you know
Henrik Lundqvist is going to be on a little later. We interviewed
him out in San Jose a couple weeks ago, the handsome one.
And Mike Commodore, our buddy Commie, is going to join us to chat a little bit about the trade deadline.
But first, we're going to go to the Pacific Division.
And Vegas made the big deal there, I'd say.
They acquired Senators forward Mark Stone.
They gave up defensive prospect Eric Branstrom, forward Oscar Lindbergh, a 20-20 second rounder.
That was originally Dallas'.
Then they signed Mark Stone to an eight-year extension worth 9.5 million a year.
Stone had been tearing it up for Ottawa, 28 goals, 34 assists in 59 games.
As far as the guys that they gave up, Lindbergh is making 1.7 million.
He's going to be a UFA this year.
He had 12 points in 35 games.
Branstrom is a Swedish defensive prospect. He
signed for two more years.
1.3 average annual value. But, man,
Mark Stone, I'd say he was one of the
two or three biggest names out there. He's a
fucking great talent. Vegas loaded
up. They got even better. What's your take
on the deal? Well, it was crazy,
crazy that the day ended with this
pretty much another couple
things after but stone was the big one that everyone was waiting for and you know 10 minutes
to go it pretty much hadn't hadn't been done it was it never usually goes down to the wire like
that with you know the biggest available players especially you know recent years we've been seeing
them go a couple days or weeks beforehand so exciting day and it ended up happening and
man it seemed like a lot of teams were in on Mark Stone.
That wasn't a surprise at all. This is a guy, this is a playoff player.
I think biz you've said that before.
This is a guy that when the playoffs come, he's ready to go. He's physical.
He's tough. He can score. He can do, he can really do it all.
He's a hell of a player having a big season.
So I think that right away when I saw what Ottawa got back, I was a little surprised
that they didn't get a first round pick also. Now I'll say this, this Brandstrom kid,
call me crazy, but I'm hearing the occasional Eric Carlson references with him. This is a stud.
This is an A plus big time,-time, number-one prospect,
the top-ten prospect in the entire NHL, not the league.
So Ottawa gets a guy along with Thomas Chabot,
who's a future Norris Trophy winner, that they got something there.
But Stone was such a big deal, and with getting the extension from Vegas,
I thought, wow, you'd think you'd get a first-round pick,
but it shows the teams were kind of holding strong
and really not giving Ottawa what they wanted.
But in the end, that changes that entire team.
And if you get Carlson going again, and I know I'm talking too much, Biz.
I want to get your opinion.
Oh, you're good, buddy. Do your thing.
If you get Carlson going again and that patch, you know,
patch you're ready has been good.
Basically, that second line with Stastny, patch you're ready,
you know, that's a sick unit.
So if you get that first line from last year going Riley Smith and Marcia Show,
all of a sudden that team is  they could go back to the cup finals.
So they got their man, and, you know, I think that a lot of teams wanted Mark Stone,
but it took a number one prospect for a team that's really looking to get it done now
to finally get him over from Ottawa.
Well, yeah, and he get them over from Ottawa. Well,
yeah.
And he instantly becomes their leading scorer and,
and you know,
they have a decent amount of cap space left over.
They're going to have to sign wild bill.
Cause he only signed a one year,
I believe last year.
Correct.
I'm not,
I'm not a hundred percent sure.
It sounds right to me,
but I'm.
Yeah.
He had that.
I think he had a big 40 goal season and I think he wanted to,
to,
to really like to, to push the limits think he had that big 40-goal season, and I think he wanted to really like to push the limits,
and he wants that big ticket.
So he comes over, and they needed to make a move in order to compete with the West because the West was fucking crazy on deadline day.
You look at  who were the other teams, sorry, in the Central?
Oh, Winnipeg and Nashville, yeah.
And even Dallas.
So they needed to make a move in order to compete. I love the Central. Oh, Winnipeg and Nashville, yeah. And even Dallas. So they needed to make a move in order to compete.
I love the move.
Keith Kachuk actually made some comments about how
I saw those.
It was  excuse me.
It was pretty candid, and I liked him.
He said, I hope Ottawa finds a way  I sound like R.A. over here.
I hope Ottawa finds a way to re-sign this guy because he's been not detrimental,
instrumental in Grady Kachuk's career so far and what he brings to the locker room.
So that kind of sucks to hear for Ottawa, but a great pickup for Vegas
and nice that they could lock him in long-term too.
So now all of a sudden they seem like a threat in the West.
And listen, when you're looking
at ottawa man that we we've talked before about the fall from grace and how close they came to
going to the cup finals a few years back and all those guys are gone and if you look not a ton i
mean they yeah they've gotten some players back we're talking about branson we're talking about
some first round picks but in the end a lot of great players have left Ottawa now,
and they're left kind of scratching their heads,
and where are we going to be in the next couple years?
I mean, it's a full-blown question mark.
They got some players where, yeah, maybe this gets turned around,
but if in four years they're still, you know, the Ottawa Senators,
the Edmonton Oilers of the East, would you be that surprised?
So interesting times there.
You could see, I think, some fan frustration in losing these guys
that you'd hoped you'd at least sign one of them.
This is going back to when Carlson was still there.
So it's a tough time there, but I think Mark Stone is going to do great in Vegas.
I think that he's just, like I said, just built for this time of year,
the playoff games.
And before I throw it over to R.A.,
you mentioned the fact that they didn't get a first rounder.
It's a little tough when teams are mostly aware
that the guy's not going to re-sign there.
So it kind of puts a little bit of leverage
onto the other team who's acquiring him's hands.
Would you not agree?
Because if, I mean, they're a little well.
Yeah, and also, yes, I agree.
I agree.
So the first rounder, I mean, yeah, it would have been nice to get.
But if no other teams were pushing the limits on their need for Stone
and offering up first rounders and prospects, I mean,
you got to take what you can get for a guy who's not coming back.
And it's crazy.
Before we move on from this deal is that Ottawa, man,
they don't have their first-round pick
this year.
Oh, that's just  the fact Colorado could end up with the first overall pick
is wild.
I wonder if Stone's going to send a Christmas card to the arbitration dude
who gave him that award last year.
Remember, he got that nice bump in arbitration.
Biggest one ever, I think, seven and a half.
By the way, how about Mark Stone, dude?
Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me, dude?
So he's made 80 sheets?
80 fucking million?
He's never taken a flight.
He's never taken a non-private flight the rest of his life unless he's a cheap bastard.
He literally is only on wheels up every flight the rest of his life.
I would buy four houses and join nine golf courses.
What else have we got in that
Pacific Division?
Well, Sunday afternoon, Gustav
Nyquist scored his 16th goal
of the season in a 5-3 loss to the Sharks.
About nine hours later, the
Wings traded him to the team he just scored on
for a 2019 second rounder
and a conditional 2020 third rounder.
Nyquist in the last year
of a four-yearyear 19 million deal.
He's 29 years old, right winger.
He'll be a UFA this summer like a lot of these guys.
16 goals, 33 assists in 62 games so far this year.
What's your take on this pickup?
Is it a little depth or more than depth?
He's probably middle six for the Sharks you think he'll fit in?
Yeah, I'm not sure, but once again, just another piece to that forward lineup.
They have very balanced scoring on their forward bunch.
I guess you could compare them to Nashville,
where they don't have any true, true superstars.
I mean, I guess you could say Pavelski because he's had a great bounce back year
and he's already got 35 tucks, but they just kind of get it done by committee.
And Joe Thornton's comments a few weeks ago, he said, you know,
when it's not Pavelski getting it done, it's Evander Kane.
When it's not Evander Kane getting it done, it's Logan Couture.
So, you know, they got a lot of weapons up front
and now complementing that back end for them.
If they can get solid goaltending, man, to me,
they're the team coming out of the Pacific Division.
Yeah, you think? I know.
Man, they are good, and it's like they're peaking at the perfect
time. You know what I mean? Things are really coming together for them now. Nykoos is one of
those pickups that maybe wasn't the loudest or the sexiest pickup of the day when they're talking
about Stone and Duchesne leading up at Ben Aaron, but he's a guy who goes in and probably makes a
huge difference. I mean, he's had a great season in Detroit. They've struggled, but he's been awesome offensively.
He can skate undersized, but, you know, can play very hard at times.
I love the guy.
I mean, I'm obviously biased him coming on the golf trip,
even though he dummies me every time.
He's just a hell of a guy.
And I think that it's just a move that probably won't get talked about enough,
but you'll see if San Jose goes on to make a big-time run.
I'm guessing right now he'd have a big impact with him like just look at their forward bunch now
joe pavelski logan kutcher hurdle uh timo meyer kane uh that kevin labank kid is fucking good too
joe thornton don skoy that sorenson's had great chemistry with uh with um joe thornton at some
points this season so they have a very deep forward group. And as I mentioned, I don't think they have a true superstar up front.
Like, they don't have that McDavid.
But, man, when you have three top lines with the way they're going to look,
that's, like I said, it's comparable to Nashville.
They just got depth.
Calgary, just more of a minor depth move.
I struggle with that word, depth.
Flames, they picked up defenseman Oscar
Fantenberg from the Kings for a conditional
2020 fourth rounder. Fantenberg,
27-year-old defenseman, will be a UFA
this summer. He had two goals and
an assist in 46 games with the Kings.
What do you know about him, Biz? Did you play with him
at all when you were out there? No.
He was with LA. He was kind of like
their seventh in-and-out defenseman.
I don't mind the pickup. Everyone I've talked to said he he was solid they liked his work ethic and what he brought to the
team uh to me this is just an insurance policy for the Calgary Flames on the back end and you know I
don't think they needed to make many moves what they do need is is a few guys that are in that
lineup to just elevate their game this time of year. Like if James Neal finds his game, to me, all of a sudden,
that's basically like a deadline deal.
So I like the pickup.
Obviously, they didn't want to sacrifice anything right now
in order to jeopardize the future because, you know,
they're going to be a wagon for years to come.
Yeah, they've looked great.
They've looked great.
I thought there was something and
and i think that they really were in on stone um it made you know traveling am i saying that right
traveling biz yeah yeah tray living tree living tree living oh we are unreal at this stuff either
way he said you know we we were right up in on a deal till late last night and the price got to be too high. Everyone's saying that was Mark Stone. So I understand they don't want
to give up a bunch of prospects or some younger players because the season they've had, I mean,
second in the West, right? Is that them right now, I believe? Or second in the league overall?
Is that where they're at? Behind Tampa? So, I mean, they've had a great year. I think that
people in Calgary are fired up for the playoffs and the team
they have now could do some damage.
The only real question kind of in Calgary is the goaltending a little bit.
Although Smith,
Smitty has been way better lately and Riddick's been real good.
I mean,
granted he's never played in a playoff game,
but still,
I mean,
I think that would be the one question people,
you know,
could have had.
Yeah.
I was a little surprised that there was no talks
of maybe even Bobrowski going over there.
I heard whispers of it, but the demand was probably too high
or Columbus was just like, fuck this, we're going for it.
So goaltending, definitely the one question mark that they did have going in,
but hopefully Smitty and Riddick can get the job done.
Goaltending, as always, the big key in the playoffs.
He's going to swing over to the Central Division now.
Winnipeg Jets, a very, very busy team.
When Kevin Hayes was a little kid, I used to see him with his dad,
and he'd always be wearing a Jets jersey with Kachuk on the back.
Well, now he's going to have his own jersey, Winnipeg jersey,
with his name on the back.
The Rangers send Hayes to Winnipeg for forward Brendan Lemieux,
a 2019 first-rounder and a conditional fourth-rounder in 2022.
Hazy, of course, will be at UFA this summer.
He's going to see a nice little bump from the 5.175 mil he's making right now.
14 goals, 28 assists in 51 games.
Lemieux, 22-year-old, he'll be at RFA this summer.
He's got 11 points in 44 games.
But, hey, man, Hazy, I'm's it's bittersweet from leaving new york because
all you know he started his career there a lot of friends there but he's gonna have a shot at
the cup man you gotta think at the end of the day he's gonna be pretty happy about it how wet
oh yeah i think that um this is an awesome move i remember telling him in like september october
you know not september but but the season had been gone.
I get, dude, you'd fit in awesome in Winnipeg.
Cause it had already been a pretty apparent that New York, you know,
they didn't they didn't plan on resigning him.
They figure he's going to make too much money, which also,
that's another thing. Oh dude, Winnipeg goes on a run.
That's you get a couple extra million a year.
You go on a nice little runs, you get the chance to get even more money,
but he is the best
guy. I mean, everyone loves him from when
he's come on with us, and his teammates love him
too. I think that it is bittersweet for
him because he's getting the chance to go compete for a cup.
He's going to maybe play with Patrick Laine.
He's going to play in an awesome market. Not that
New York isn't, but he grew up, you know,
that was five years as a Ranger, and it was a huge
decision for him when he got drafted by Chicago
to end up becoming a free agent
and not sign with the Blackhawks.
He chose the Rangers, and he had some great years there.
And I think that he's really grown as a player.
I mean, granted, first five years, who doesn't grow as a player?
If you don't, you're usually out of the league.
But he's become so much of a professional off the ice.
Now, granted, he has 19 pounds of candy on his counter
when we did the
cribs at his house. But in the summer, the guy's an animal now. We've talked about that. He learned
what he had to do to become a real good pro. And now he's going to get a payday because he deserves
it. And he's going to get a chance to play for the Stanley Cup. So I think he's going to be fit
and great there. I think he's exactly what he needed. I mean, I saw a lot of people say that
in the end, I mean, I think that he was probably the most perfect fit for Winnipeg,
a big body center.
He's pretty  he's basically doing what they did with Stastny last year.
They grabbed him to be that second line center besides Shifley,
and that's what Hayes is going to do.
So the perfect fit.
He's great defensively, a lot better than people realize,
and he can distribute.
He's a passer first, and line is on his wing.
So we'll see what happens with that.
Winnipeg and Nashville exchanging blows before they even meet in playoffs,
which I think we all know is inevitable.
Well, Biz, hold on.
Before you continue, just quick, it's big to win that division
and not have to play St. Louis because St. Louis won't be easy.
One of those two teams is going to have to play them.
That's a tougher first round than for whoever gets in the 7-8 in the West
for Winnipeg or Nashville, whoever wins the division.
Very true.
I still like either of those teams' chances against St. Louis.
St. Louis is peaking right now, and they're at the tops of leagues
in recent memory.
We still got 20 games to go here.
You know, I saw Winnipeg play firsthand,
and I thought that if they didn't make a big move,
and Hayes was kind of the name that was floating around,
that they wouldn't have a chance to beat, fuck, maybe even St. Louis,
but definitely not Nashville.
Nashville's got a better back end.
I would say they have better goaltending,
although we know Rene in playoffs is hit or miss sometimes,
and he's a great guy.
I'm not taking a shot at him either.
We all know that.
But Hayes is the perfect complement to that team.
I think he's going to fit in nice.
He's big, built the same way as that lineup is.
I think that that's going to bump Line A down to his line
because he was playing with Shifley and Wheeler the other night in Arizona.
I would say Hazy's more of a playmaker center, correct?
Yeah, pass first guy.
Pass first guy.
So that's perfect for line A,
and then that is going to move Little down to third line center,
which, hey, that's a pretty fucking good center.
That's a great third line center. So that's a pretty fucking good center that's a great
third line center so that's going to help that forward group now and to me they have a stronger
forward group than than nashville and that's what they why they needed to make that move
and i'm happy for hazy as you mentioned if he has a big playoff he's going to get a nice payday
and uh if those two teams do meet though oh my god, my God, I cannot wait. Yeah, and Winnipeg, too.
Kevin Sheveldayoff, how about that wit?
Crush that name.
Six moves he made today, which I think is the most since Arizona,
like 2014 or something.
And more than he'd done in a couple previous years combined, I read.
So he's deciding what his team, you know,
what he thought his team really needed to make a run.
After seeing, you know, the tough third,
the Western Conference final loss they had to Vegas last year.
So, you know, once again, he's going for it.
But they have kind of the roster and the core that's already signed long-term
where they can go for it.
Yeah, you mentioned what they made a few other deals today,
a couple of other depth moves.
Jets also picked up
That word, dummies.
Oh, seriously, depth.
I know, it fucks me up all the time.
They also picked up forward Matt Hendricks from Minnesota for a seventh round,
a little forward depth for him.
He's only had two assists in 22 games.
They also picked up Nathan  this is Boyleau.
Boyleau, the defenseman who used to play for Montreal.
He was with Buffalo.
How do you say it?
Boilu or Boilu.
Anyways, Nathan Boilu from Buffalo for six rounds.
He's making 2.4 million this year.
He's going to be restricted.
Say it one more fucking time.
See what happens.
Parkline.
So, yeah, a couple other moves.
Basically, you know, depth.
That's what you need, playoff time, because eventually guys are going to get hurt.
That's inevitable come playoff time.
So, yeah, man, good luck to Hazy.
I'm happy for him.
I hope he gets a nice cup run this year.
And like you just said, also Nashville, they made some moves as well.
These two teams, man, it's interesting because one of them is not even probably going to make
obviously not going to make the fucking final.
I was clicking around between TSN and Sportsnet,
you're not going to make the fucking final.
I was clicking around between TSN and Sportsnet,
and I heard maybe 15 times people say that Nashville and Winnipeg's an arms race.
That's what I kept hearing.
It's an arms race.
Like it's the fucking Cold War all over again.
Yeah, we said the Preds were also busy Monday loading up for the playoff run,
and they won the Wayne train sweepstakes.
Nashville got Wayne Simmons from Philly for forward Ryan Hodman in a conditional 20-24th rounder.
The 30-year-old Simmons is a pending UFA.
He's got 16 goals, 11 assists in 90 pins in 62 games at Philly this year.
The 24-year-old Hartman will be an RFA after the season.
He's got an 875K gap hit AAV.
He's got 10 goals, 10 assists in 20  I'm sorry, 10 goals,
10 assists in 64 games with the Preds this year.
So, dude, Wayne Train, I was hoping Boston got him.
What's your stance on this one, Biz?
Well, they needed to add a little bit of toughness up front.
That's the one thing they were lacking,
and we talked about Winnipeg's size up front,
and that's going to be a nice catalyst for Nashville going forward
and a good net front presence.
You know, he's playoff tested, man.
Wayne Simmons is the type of guy you want.
Very emotional to see Voracek send out that picture.
You know he was loved in Philadelphia by his teammates, the fans, by everyone.
And to me, just embodies what that city's about, just a gritty player.
One thing I will say, I hope he has a great run in playoffs,
and I hope he fucking gets paid.
That guy has been underpaid his entire career.
Yeah, yeah, bad timing, bad timing.
Just bad timing.
Well, he still made, I think it was 20, but God, I mean,
he should have made like 50, 60.
Oh, and I hope on the next deal is when he cashes in.
The problem is he's a little bit banged up based on the style of play he has.
I'm just hoping for like a two- or three-year deal at like, you know,
5 million or 6 million.
That way he can cash in another, you know, 15 million to 20 million
and ride into the sunset after that because that guy deserves it,
a guy that I want on my team any day of the week.
Yeah, and you know what?
It was cool to see after the game, the game you guys were at,
Giroux gave Vorchek the helmet, and then he stood up and said,
I think it went viral pretty much, and said, you know,
this could be your last game.
Wayne Simmons gave him the player of the game helmet.
So, yeah, I mean, that guy.
And you know what, though?
Ryan Hartman, Philly's going to like him.
He's a shit disturber.
He plays hard, and he's got 10 goals this year,
so he'll get a little bump in pay being an RFA,
and he'll be a flyer that people really kind of gravitate towards
because he'll be pissing people off all game.
Preds weren't done with just Simmons.
They also snagged forward Michael Gremlin from Minnesota
for forward Kevin Fiala, just a one-for-one deal.
The 27-year-old Gremlin has one more year left on his current deal
at 5.75 million in 63 games with the Wild this year.
He had 15 goals, 34 assists.
As for Fiala, he's still only 22.
He was taken 11th overall in 2014.
He had 10 goals, 22 assists in 64 games at Nashville this year.
He'll be an RFA this summer.
I don't know, man.
I mean, Nashville, just more depth on that forward card, man.
They're going to be so tough to beat.
But what's your take on the Gremlin deal with, Doug?
Surprising one that our boy, the insider, called me at.
We talked to him about it real quickly.
But you know what?
It kind of came out of nowhere.
I guess not really because you've been hearing Fiala's name mentioned
and things.
The crazy part was I read after Granlin's wife was in labor
or fiance was in labor, like as he found out he got traded,
kind of goes into that human element a little bit that we talk about
sometimes with trades.
Right now I think Nashville wins this trade.
I think that Granlin's a hell of a player i think
he's going to make a big difference there fiala had you know he certainly wasn't having a bad year
he's got 32 points in 64 games but when you're looking at a top you know 12 or 11th overall yeah
top pretty much top 10 top 15 pick uh five years ago now you may be thinking a little bit more
but he could end up being a stud. And I
think that the things in Minnesota had gone stale. They're looking for a change. They get a lot
younger with this guy. I didn't realize he's only 22. I mean, he's got a lot of time to become a
big time player. But right now, Grandlin really helps Nashville, I think, a little bit more.
And, you know, I think that, like you said, R.A. or Biz, one of you guys, they had to.
They had, once they saw the Hayes deal and what's going on in Winnipeg,
it's like we got to match these guys with some more up front.
So they got Boyle, then they bring in Simmons,
and then bring the trade in with Granlin.
So it's pretty much a new unit up front.
You're going to see a lot of different kind of looks from different lines,
I think, in Nashville now.
Yeah, for this particular playoff run, I like the move.
You're swapping out a better player for sure.
Fiala might have a bigger ceiling down the road.
I think based on conversation, his issue has just been consistency.
But, you know, dealing with young guys sometimes is you find that.
So, I mean, if he kind of continues on the same pace as he's been all season,
I think he might finish under the point totals that he had last year.
So, maybe regressing a little bit.
But as far as the pickup for Nashville, to me it's another big one.
To me it's kind of like the Nyquist trade for San Jose,
where you add another second- to third-line guy
who's going to help chip in offensively, and you're going to need that.
You can't have any liability, especially in that Western Conference.
Yeah, a tough team gets even tougher to play against.
Next up, Colorado Avalanche.
They picked up Derek Persaud from Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh picked him up last year.
He just never really fit in there.
But they got him for a conditional sixth in 2020.
Was he on Florida?
Yeah, he was on Florida, and they traded him to Pittsburgh.
Oh.
Persaud was on Pittsburgh. Oh, I thought he went from Pittsburgh. I thought he was just  No, he was on Florida, and they traded him to Pittsburgh. Oh. I thought he was on Pittsburgh.
No, I thought he went from Pittsburgh.
I thought he was just
No, he went from Pitt to Florida.
Wait.
He just came over from the Outland.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm sorry.
Well, he didn't work out in Pittsburgh.
That's why they traded him to Florida.
Anyways, they got him for a conditional sixth in 2020
and a third pick in 2020 as well.
Prasad, he's making 5 million this year.
Going to be a UFA.
Like I said, he couldn't really find his magic in Pittsburgh.
Florida, they figured they were going to trade him.
I don't think you got too comfortable there.
19 points in 50 combined games.
What do you think he can do for Colorado, Biz?
God, I like him.
He's such a great guy.
He just hasn't been the same player ever since he left New York.
I mean, in Ottawa, he had a decent run there, but I just  I don't know, man.
I mean, they need a depth, and if that's the best they could get,
you know, they got a little bit because that top line in Colorado
was relied upon so heavily, and to me, that's probably why they dipped
and had that real rough run when they couldn't win a game.
And they're starting to heat up again now.
But, you know, in order to make runs, especially in the Western Conference,
with that lineup, they ain't getting it done.
No fucking way.
Yeah, they've been faltering lately, the avalanche.
I mean, picked it up a little the last couple weeks.
What about you, Jeff?
What's your take, Wits?
Well, you know, just recently, after all their struggles,
they did switch up that top line.
I mean, they had to break up.
They make Landis Kog move down and keep Rontanen and McKinnon together.
So maybe Broussard can hop onto that second line.
But, yeah, I mean, it hasn't been, you know, his best year by far at all.
You'll say that.
But who knows?
You know, it's weird.
Guys get to a team and they get a little bit, you know,
a new life they feel like.
And maybe in Pittsburgh for some reason something, you know,
wasn't clicking there.
And then Florida figures they're going to move him because he's UFA.
So who knows?
He gets to Colorado and there could be a lot left in the tank.
I think that's a question to remain. But I'm not too worried about Colorado, even if they do get in. I think
in the next few coming years, look out for them. But this year, I don't see them doing much.
Yeah, I agree with you on that point. And the last team in Central that made some moves,
the Dallas Stars, they showed up their back end on Saturday. They picked up veteran defenseman
Ben Lovejoy from the Devils for defenseman Connor Carrick
in a 2019 third rounder
the 35 year old New Hampshire native
won a cup with the Pens back in 2016
he'll be UFA this summer
kind of a defensive defenseman
who will help out
penalty kill in a little bit
two goals five assists in 51 games with Jersey this year
what do you think Lovejoy
nice little pickup little defensive depth move there, Biz, or what?
Yeah, he's got experience with Pittsburgh.
I like him as a defenseman.
I think he's a good, you know, good five or six guy.
You know, this is just something you need to make,
like little moves you need to make in order to beef up the lineup
on the back end.
But, you know, I don't know.
To me, it's not extremely significant, but, you know,
who knows, it might pay off down the road.
Yeah, you say that right.
I mean, a guy who could help out now.
We'll see what Dallas does.
I mean, you go into who else they got R.A.,
and then that's a different story.
Right.
The bigger deal they got, obviously, Matt Zuccarello from the Rangers
on Saturday for a conditional 2019 second rounder and a conditional 2023 rounder.
But the poor guy, man, he had some awful luck after putting up a goal and an assist in his first game with Dallas.
He suffered an arm injury. He's going to be out for at least four weeks. Got to get a little surgery.
That's an awful break, man. I mean, wait all this time. You get traded your first game. You get fucking hurt, man.
I mean, it's heartbreaking for the guy. No.
Yeah.
It's heartbreaking for the GM of Dallas and the coaching staff and saying it
and Ben, I mean, it's like the amazing thing is he comes in.
It looks so natural. The guy's such a good player.
He gets a call in an assist and then a fluke, you know,
block shot breaks his arm.
Just awful timing, and it makes you wonder,
why did Dallas wait so long to get Ben and say get some help?
You know, you saw immediately what this guy kind of did.
Now, granted, it was just two periods, but still, it just sucks to see
because, you know, for a guy who's excited that he's getting the chance
to get back in the playoff race, I think that's what Hazy's saying too i'm sure it was the same with with zuccarello like
oh i'm playing meaningful games again i got a chance to to do something here to just boom like
that go out at the battle through you know uh therapy and everything that comes with whether
he's getting surgery or not it is just shitty luck yeah terrible and you know you pretty much
hit the nail on the head there.
And to kind of transition that, it's pretty emotional for that interview
that Lundqvist had after the game, after he'd been moved.
And, you know, similar to a Voracek and Simmons situation where, you know,
there's a lot of these guys that it's a brotherhood and they love each other.
And, I mean, we can roll the audio right now, Grinnell,
of the post-game interview when Hank got asked about Zuccarello getting moved. brotherhood and they love each other and and i mean we can roll the audio right now grinnell of
the post-game interview when hank got asked about zuccarella getting moved and rick we saw your uh
tweet your instagram about matt's uh after spending nearly a decade with him now that he is officially
on dallas just a word on on what he's meant to you uh on and off the ice and what he's meant to this team.
It's tough.
Good friend.
I'm sorry.
I can't do it.
So, I mean, you can see it there.
I mean, the guy's in tears.
And even watching that, because I watched a video on my phone,
and, man, I got a little emotional too because, you know,
I've had feelings like that for teammates as well.
And for a guy who competed night in and night out in front of Hank,
you know, you could see the respect that he had for Zouk and all the charity work they've done together and the friendship.
So sad to see.
But on that note, do you guys want to send it over
to the Henrik Lundqvist interview?
Absolutely.
All right, guys.
Enjoy the Hank interview.
And before we get into it, we didn't ask him about his dick.
We all know it's huge.
We heard it on the Hank and Yan's podcast.
Like, it's the king.
I'm not going to ask him about his rents.
There's a little bit of respect to be given when you're going to be a Hall of Famer.
So I sent it off to Lundquist here, and it was a fun interview.
And also, we got to mention Bud Canada because everyone knows if you have a brain and you've heard us,
none of this happens without Budweiser Canada, the king of beers.
King of beers.
This interview is brought to you by Herbal Active,
the 100 hemp-based CBD product I've been talking about.
They do balms.
They do drops for mental clarity, anxiety, depression.
Helps me out with anxiousness.
Helps me sleep better.
I mentioned my bedwetting on prior episodes.
We don't need to go into detail about that.
One issue they have been having is shipping to Canada.
So if you've had an issue getting your order, if you live in Canada, just contact them.
They will either figure out a way to get you a new package or they will reimburse you.
Everyone else who lives in the States will be fine.
That is Herbal Active active the 100 hemp based
cbd product uh that is u r b a l a c t i v herbal active uh you can follow them on social media
on twitter instagram uh in order to message them direct message them if you'd like to ask them what
benefits you can get from the cbd products you have pets, they have dog and cat food.
What else am I forgetting?
They have mints for situational issues.
But listen, guys, I've been taking CBD for, I would say, a good four or five months now.
It has been instrumental, not detrimental.
That's twice this episode I've gotten it right.
So cha-ching, you're welcome.
Keep the change 20 off. Biz20 promo code is up. But that's pretty much all I got. The CBD
has really been benefiting me, and I hope it benefits you if you try it. 20 off, Biz20 promo
code, herbal active. I've told you everything you need to know. Now, our next guest has one hell of
a resume. He was just named to his fifth all-star game he won
a gold medal in italy in 2006 he won the vesna trophy in 2012 a conference championship in 2014
has the most wins by a european born goalie ever and he just passed nhl legend terry sawchuck to
take over sixth place on the nhl's all-time wins list for goalies with his 446th victory.
Welcome to Spitting Chicklets, Henrik Lundqvist.
Thank you very much.
Wow, that's a lot of stats already.
That was an absolute stat without leading off with the most important one,
that he's hard as shit.
Right next to him, I'm intimidated right now.
We got the true man rock at the beginning of the statement.
We came with you, but thank you very much for coming on.
My first question to you is, does November 29, 2005 mean anything to you in your head?
Do you remember that day?
I don't know if I'm not even going to let you answer because I came over.
I know where this is going.
I knew this was coming.
For my first NHL goal, Mark Reckie assisted.
The blocker wasn't quick enough.
Sitting back in his net.
No way.
I tell you right now, I got a picture of it hanging up. And meanwhile, you're like, who is that guy? Insisted, the blocker wasn't quick enough, sitting back in his net, and the window got him.
No way, no way.
I tell you right now, I got a picture of it hanging up, and meanwhile, you're like, who is that guy?
Yeah, that thing doesn't really, you know what I'm going to say?
I can't really remember that goal, but was it a good shot?
It was a snipe.
I mean, I'll never forget it. You know, you shouldn't feel guilty about this one.
It wasn't a cheapie. But seriously, no, I mean, what'll never forget it. You know, you shouldn't feel guilty about this one. It wasn't a cheapie.
But seriously, no.
I mean, what does it mean to be out here again, dude?
Like, fifth time, as R.A. said.
I mean, it seems like it's old hat, but you just seem to get older but not age on the ice.
You know what?
It's a great feeling to be out here.
It's a little different now.
The first few All-Star games, I was younger, obviously.
But now, having a family, I bring my kids.
It's a different experience.
They're at an age now, they're
almost four and six.
They know what's going on. Yeah, I think
slowly they start to understand what's going on.
It's kind of cool to give them that
experience and see
what that is all about
and what he's doing.
It's a lot of pride
coming here and represent the Rangers
and get this opportunity.
It doesn't get old at all.
And I love the game.
I really do.
Yeah, like you said, I'm getting older,
but I still, I love it.
I love to compete, and the passion for the game
is definitely there.
So it's fun.
How's your clothing line going?
Clothing line? what do you think
about the the brandon boxett line with the hoodies and i was telling uh where it's like a monopoly
you have your own clothing line you get to model it all yourself i mean that's like like usually
you gotta hire someone yeah you know what it's uh i let my my boys back in sweden run the company
but it's fun to be part of that.
You know, I enjoy doing a lot of different things and try to be a little creative here and there.
I love music, but a little bit of clothing as well.
So why not?
Well, let's get right to the music, Dan.
When's the album coming out?
You have a band with John McEnroe and some other famous people.
When's the practice and where is the practice?
Yeah.
Where is the practice? Yeah. Where is the practice?
We actually had a lot of fun this summer, actually, back in Sweden.
We started a cover band with a couple of friends back home.
We're thinking about maybe doing a show in New York next fall.
Cool.
I'll keep you posted on that.
What do you cover most?
I mean, I can't tell you too much, but it's a lot of rock and roll.
A lot of rock and roll. A lot of rock and roll.
And we also did a show in Oslo this past summer during our charity event.
We had that outdoor game.
Oh, I heard that was amazing.
So we had an acoustic set that time, but I'm thinking full band next fall.
But, you know, I really enjoy music.
It's fun.
For that game, that's involved with Zuccarello, right?
Exactly.
Yeah, and so, I mean, we all know you in Sweden, it's probably hard to walk around.
But we were told Zuc in Norway, same thing.
He's just a god.
Well, you could tell going there, Zuccarello means a lot to the people of Norway.
And obviously, he's meant a lot to the game of hockey in Norway.
He's a big piece there and a great ambassador.
We had a lot of fun.
We had close to 20,000 in the stands.
Outdoor game was 65 degrees.
Everything turned out perfectly.
The weather, you can't really control it.
It was raining the day before, but the actual game day was perfect.
Yeah, we had a blast. There's a fair amount of Swedes in this year's All-Star game. it. It was raining the day before, but the actual game day was perfect.
Yeah, we had a blast.
There's a fair amount of Swedes in this year's All-Star game. You're one of the
eldest statesmen from your country. Do you get a sense of pride
that so many Swedes are doing so well in the NHL
over the last couple decades?
I don't think so much about it,
but I think growing up it meant a lot to me
because you look at those players and
they're actually they become inspiration for you.
If they can do it, why not me?
And so on.
But, you know, I remember growing up watching Peter Forsberg, Matt Sundin, Nicholas Lidstrom.
And a few years later, I got the opportunity to play in the Olympics with these guys.
And it's such a surreal moment and I think it happens to all of us we grew up idolizing so many players and and
just like that you're in the league or you play for your country with all these players that you
you know grew up idolizing so it's yeah you can probably agree to that you have moments when you
come into the league like it's just really happening it was and it's a cool thing and someone like you i mean i don't know if you do it now you probably don't
but at some point you'll think like wow i've actually reached the top i mean i play with the
best of the best i have a gold medal and so you always look up to these guys and then you think
wow that you're going to understand that kids are doing the same thing to you which just means a lot
i'm sure i don't you never think about it that way but yeah you're like hey how are you take a picture
with me like something's going on here people love me well hopefully people appreciate what
you do we all put in a lot of work into into the game and then try to perform but
it's always easy to be on the other side, I guess, to understand that and see what other people mean to you.
It's sometimes hard to understand what you mean to other people.
But being in New York now for 14 years, it's my home now.
And to feel that support, I feel, from a lot of New Yorkers, it's very special.
You live in NYC in the winter.
How do you keep such a perfect tan?
Because I think Witz maybe got a little information here.
Mac L tells me you circle those Florida, California trips right at the beginning.
You're like, tanning session, LA, January.
You know, Florida trip is one of my favorites.
We stay on the beach.
You know, you get away from the game for maybe 15 hours where you get that afternoon on the beach and just relaxing.
But actually now we had our bye week before the All-Star,
so I took the family to Mexico.
Oh, really?
I mean, that helps.
And worst case, there's a rainy day or something when you're on the road
and you could get a spray tan like Whit did before his season in Anaheim.
I didn't know you were supposed to shower.
How does that work? I'll tell you. It comes off your body and then I'm more pale here did before his season in Anaheim. I didn't know you were supposed to shower. How does that work?
I'll tell you.
It comes off your body, and then I'm more pale here, a little tan here,
and then I got some tan on the cheek, but pale over on the other cheek.
So it was a nightmare.
I never look like this, I'll tell you that,
unless I'm just going to maybe start putting bronzer all over.
So is that like a one-time thing then?
It was a one-time thing that the whole Anaheim Ducks team saw drip off me in the shower,
and I just left the ring with shame.
You would have had me traded um did torts catch you putting on bronzer sometime or
something like that there was a story yeah no the story was we we had a morning meeting and um
I put my swim shorts on after the meeting and guys were going for lunch or whatever um and he's like hank where the hell are you going
like i'm i'm going to the beach it's kind of part of my uh game routine when we're playing in florida
i just go out there relax i think about the game but to me the mind is so important and to be there
and relax and and get energized it's it's um you It saves up energy for weeks.
Well, the vitamin D, do you go through the exact same routine every game day?
And tell me some superstitions leading up to games, if you have any, or if you're weird
about telling people that you don't have any.
He's just like, don't ask me and stay away from me.
He's like, this one's over, boys.
Harvey sucks, dude.
It's hot, though. It's, dude. It's hot, though.
It's real hot.
It's real hot.
That's you.
It's just me.
He liked that one.
Yeah, so we're not talking your pregame superstitions.
Your day is planned out every game day.
Pretty much.
I mean, I'm not as strict as I used to be.
I try to relax more.
And you don't want to become your own enemy
where you have so many things going on
that it drains you.
I think that's the balance for most players
where you have your routines.
It makes you feel comfortable
to deal with what you're up against,
the pressure, the anxiety or whatever.
But then you don't want too many things
where you start stressing about it.
So I think that's the balance.
When I was 20, I didn't have that many routines.
I just went out and played.
And now I'm 37 almost, and I have a lot more going on.
But I still feel like I have kids.
But also the mind.
You know more.
So sometimes I think that can create problems when you start overthinking.
I think you have a lot of answers.
But back to routines.
It's just afternoon, I need a nap for sure.
Two hours.
That's a must.
We'll ask you about a guy that also has his own routine,
a little different than yours.
But a big fan of our show, a big friend of ours, Kevin Hayes.
Kevin Hayes.
What's that happy-go-lucky, big, dumb animal like in the locker room every day?
My favorite guy.
Always laughing.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, it's so important to have guys around that are happy and laugh and give that type of energy.
Yeah, I love that guy.
He's so much fun to have around.
Great player, too.
And to have players to bring something on the ice but also off the ice all the time, it's huge.
Very nice, man.
Yeah, very nice.
It's busting it.
It's busting it.
I can hear that, yeah.
You're on track for yet another 30-win season.
You've won 30 games in all but the lockout season, assuming you get 30 this year.
What do you chalk up your high-level consistency to?
Why are you so good year in and year out?
Because he wears gloves under his walker
and his gloves. That's the secret.
That's the secret.
Keep them tight. Keep your hands nice and dry.
Yeah, yeah.
I love to compete.
I think
I take a lot of pride
and try to be good in practice, but also in games.
And to be consistent, I think, is the toughest part in this game
when you play every second day.
Right.
So you really have to challenge yourself to try to get up there all the time.
And it doesn't really matter what you did the game before,
actually the year before.
You just have to keep pushing yourself.
If you look at the league now, it changed so much since I came into League 05.
The pace, the skill.
As a goalie, it's way more challenging now, I think.
The big challenge for me now is trying to adjust to it, but still stay true to my own style, if that makes any sense.
I don't want to over challenge or over commit to
shooters even though they're a little bit better now they're a little bit faster so try to stay
committed to my own style of play that's that's a big thing for me um i want to ask you about the
the goalie gear changing yep what like what are your thoughts on that are you one of the guys who
are like hey like fuck off you know the. The gear is small enough. I got to protect myself.
Or are you kind of like, I get it.
Well, I think for years I've been telling guys every time they come up to us and start talking about changing the gears.
It's not about the gear.
It's about the actual game.
If we focus on creating more scoring chances, you will see more goals.
And in the end, I think fans will see scoring chances
more than more goals. You want to see action. You want to see intensity. That's the most
important thing to have a good hockey game. You can see the best hockey game ever and
2-1, as long as you have a lot of scoring chances. But for the most part, if you see
over 20 scoring chances a game, you're going to have, I think, average over four goals per team.
So that's where the focus should be, not so much on the equipment.
And at some point, you also got to understand that the skill
of the goalies now, they're good.
You can't just blame the equipment.
No, you got to actually look at how well are these guys playing the position.
I think we're at a point now
where it's good.
I don't think you can stretch it too much
more because it's... Go back to wood sticks.
It's getting in danger.
That's another story. The players.
The quality of the sticks and
how fast they can shoot it.
I feel like these younger guys are shooting
it differently.
They grew up with the one-piece.
They're learning how to use it to complete advantage. Right, like more flex in the six.
You see Austin Matthews come down.
He'll kind of drag it a little bit, change the angle.
And the stick's doing all the work.
They don't even break stride.
They just kind of flick their wrists,
and it sails off their stick.
Yeah, their wrist shot is like a slap shot 10 years ago.
That's how well they shoot it, really what about like a weekend like this your fifth time and now it's
three on three like you don't want to get injured right you have to but you have to like get ready
to play with these guys buzzing around are you also still taking a little easy um you know you're
competitive but it's hard yeah i think you're in the middle there. You want to enjoy this weekend. It's not about try to win.
You want to win, of course, but I think it's about having fun.
So three on three.
Yeah, obviously, I'm going to give up some goals.
I know that.
How many two-on-ones am I going to face?
How many suits do you think you own?
Because you wear a suit almost every day.
It's actually the first time I've never not seen you in a suit
Off days I never wear suits really
But
I don't know I never count in them
But like a lot
A lot yeah
50 suits
No probably more but
I wish we could get R.A. in this outfit
To see like how he'd look in this outfit
I couldn't pull this off
I go in my ratty jeans because Hank wears them
So I go in jeans that holds them now
Yeah Those are designed I got a question for you I got a question for you Mackel this is another Mackel I couldn't pull this off. I'm wearing my ratty jeans because Hank wears them. So I go with the jeans that holds them now.
Those are designed.
I got a question for you.
I got a question for you.
Mac L.
This is another Mac L.
I know the answer, but I'll let you.
How much do you pay for a haircut?
Because I don't think people will believe it.
22.
What, dude?
Are you kidding me? I'm paying 60.
I got a curly Jerry, Jerry Afro.
I knew that's 22.
Little barbershop?
Yeah.
Oh, I love it.
You know, I walked around
Downtown and I saw
This old guy
He was looking out
I was looking in
And he started laughing
I'm like
That's my guy
So I walked in
And he's been my guy
Ever since
He's the first
Barbershop
Or first
Hairdresser
I've come back to
More than once
Usually I just
Walk around
And pick whatever
I never What Been really Old school I was the best man Yeah Yeah I know He's old school I've come back to more than once. Usually I just walk around and pick whatever.
I've never been really picky with that. Old school.
Bob is the best, man.
Yeah, he's old school, right?
But he did to me.
But I'm happy with him.
There's always good chats.
You still hang out with Sean Avery at all?
No.
He's out of his mind.
You follow him on Instagram?
I don't.
It's been a while.
Randomly we text here and there't. It's been a while. You know, we randomly, we text here and there.
But it's been a while.
Yeah.
Well, dude, we appreciate you so much coming on.
This is huge for us, man, having you over.
And, like, it's crazy.
I mean, I came to the league a little after you, and you're still at an elite level. So I'm super impressed, as is everyone else.
And thank you for coming on.
Thank you.
You guys are so nice.
Can I ask one more question?
We were just friends. We were going to stay. But next time's when we get you.
We reel you in and then the questions come.
Okay, so this is just a trick here.
Do you know how long you want to keep playing?
Oh, yeah.
Like, come on, boys.
I mean, my contract
is for another two years.
So I want to finish that, of course.
And then I hope
that I can play at a high level and my passion is there for another two years. So I want to finish that, of course. And then I hope that I can play at a high level
and my passion is there for another couple years.
I would love to play after 40.
I would love to, but there's a lot of things you can't know right now.
You want to be good still.
The Rangers still want, you know.
It's a two-way street. Yeah you know. They still want you.
It's a two-way street.
Yeah, exactly.
And we'll see.
But right now, I love the game.
I love coming to practice.
I love traveling and playing the game.
So as long as I do that, I'm going to continue.
All right.
We've got to finish this off with one torts story.
You've got to give us a funny torts story because we hear a bunch of them all the time.
And guys come on.
They talk about them.
You got any juicy stories?
Did he ever snap on you?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, okay.
No, I think we all have our moments with coaches, and we had a good sit-down once.
Guys were walking by the office like, oh, my God, who's in there?
You clear his desk off?
And like, Hank is in there.
You sat in his chair.
You're like, sit in the back.
I was pretty quiet.
But it was, you know, I love Torts' soul.
He's honest.
He, you know, he could be challenging at times.
But when he comes at you, you know, it's just about being honest, really.
And I appreciate that. It was
fun to play for Torts. You know where you stand.
Exactly. Just let me
know where I stand. Absolutely.
Were you there when Voros gave him the gun and the
wink? Yeah, I remember that meeting.
So Aaron Voros, he
was complimentary. He was bag skating a lot
and he said, you know, you guys have been playing great lately.
You're going to get a day off.
And like, even you, Voros, I know you haven't been playing much, you know, and we appreciate
your work ethic.
And then Voros just like gave him the gun and the wink.
And then he fucking snapped.
Yeah.
Did you just give me the gun?
Yeah.
I heard that.
You just gun and wink me?
The fuck, Voros?
You're skating.
Yeah.
I think you might have called him in the next day for a workout and skate after.
You thought he was getting the day off you just gunned me yeah traffic gets pretty bad in nyc
you have a helicopter story that's how you get around like kobe bryant
um well we had this one incident um a few years ago i was shooting a show called The Mask, where I interviewed celebrities,
and we sat down to create a mask as well. And then I wore the mask in a game, and we sold them
off for charity. And for this specific episode, I was interviewing Jeff Gordon, the NASCAR driver.
So this morning, we had no practice. We were just flying out to L.A., I think, at noon.
So in the morning we took the helicopter up north to a racetrack, me and Jeff,
and we were driving some cars.
We sat down for an interview, designed the mask, and then around 11.15,
we pretty much ran to the helicopter to make sure we were on time to get to the airport.
And normally, we fly out of Westchester. And for some reason, we were not flying out of Westchester
this day. But I didn't know that. So ran into the helicopter. I'm looking at this clock in the
helicopter. And it says arrival time 11 55 i'm
like okay it's gonna be close but i'll make it and we come in over the airport and i can't find
our team plane i'm starting to sweat a little bit now and then i we land and i text um our team rep
and it's like okay please tell me you're in westchester where are you he's like no we're in Newark the chopper to the wrong
and I start sweating so
bad and Jeff and the
entire crew felt so bad but I'm like
they have to wait we have to go now
so we take the helicopter down
to Newark airport instead
and
we land right next to the plane
and I look at my phone I have 22
messages saying thanks for dinner, Hank.
And all the guys are clapping their hands.
It would have been cheaper to take your own PJ to go down to LA or wherever.
Gordon's like, I could have driven you there faster.
Have you seen me drive?
But it was, yeah, I just had to smile and take that check.
It was an expensive 15, 20-minute delay.
And there's some people that get to pay for team dinner after that,
and there's some people that the plane takes off.
Yeah.
If business is late for the plane, well, they're in the air.
Just fly in solid wampa.
Just stay home for the road trip.
That plane story actually reminded me of another one.
You have Hank's Wine Club or something where every time you get a shutout,
usually like once a month you'll gather a bunch of bottles.
Let's say one month you had three shutouts.
He'll take three bottles of wine and he'll call out guys on the plane.
Don't you do a little raffle?
I do.
Yeah, it actually started my rookie year.
I saw Kevin Weeks do it.
Such a classy guy.
But he taught me when you have a shutout, obviously it such a classy guy but he taught me like when you
have a shutout obviously it's a lot of fun for a goalie to have a shutout but it's all because you
have 20 guys in front of you working yeah so i loved that little thing he did for for his teammates
so i started to do the the wine bottles hank's wine lottery yes i call it so i always grab the
mic in the in the plane it's like hey guys it's time for Hank's Wine Lottery again.
Let's see what we got here today.
And then I just pick three guys.
What kind of bottles of wine?
Like Yellowtail, the stuff you get at the convenience store?
Box wine.
He's like, I'll sign it, though.
Don't worry.
Two-buck Chuck.
No, he has three shutouts one month, but he has two bottles.
They're like, where's the third?
He's like, I had 53 saves that night.
You guys were terrible.
You don't get one for the third.
I drank it.
That was all me, motherfuckers.
I drank it.
Oh, that's great.
It's been too long now.
Actually, we have a lot of young guys on the team that haven't experienced hanging swine
larder because there's no shutter system.
Well, Hazy will open it and chug it probably.
You're like, hey, you're supposed to let it air out a little bit, Hazy.
Let it breathe. That's a low blow, Hazy. I know you wouldn't do that. You're like, hey, you're supposed to let it air out a little bit, Hazy. Let it breathe.
That's a low blow, Hazy.
I know you wouldn't do that.
You're a pro.
Well, Matt, thank you so much again.
We appreciate it.
And any skills tonight?
You know what you're doing yet?
Probably breakaways.
Okay.
But you're used to those.
You do those in warm-up.
Yeah, you're like, let's just pregame skate for me.
Let's just do our usual warm-up for game breakaways.
Five minutes.
Guys are like, Hank, we work on our passing.
No breakaways.
You're not doing breakouts.
So today will be no different.
And plug your clothing company again so people can check it out.
Bird and Boxers.
All right.
Maybe we'll sell you a little ad space.
Clean hoodies.
Like Affliction.
Kind of like the bedazzled pockets on the jeans that you guys sell.
Ed Hardy in Sweden.
R.A. will be all over it.
Send him a care package.
But yeah yeah thanks for
some stuff thanks so much man it's been a pleasure that interview was also brought to you by roman
guys studies show that 52 of us will experience erectile dysfunction a lot of guys think it's
not something they have to worry about or that's the way they're built or whatever it's actually
the first sign that something could be wrong with your high blood pressure cholesterol heart
condition or worse as a refres a refresher, here are
reasons why Roman is awesome.
It's a one-stop shop for men's health with their own
licensed doctors and certified pharmacies
all across the country, which means the whole process
will be quick and painless for you.
They take care of everything from online diagnosis
to fast deliveries of your FDA
approved medication, always in their
super discreet, unmarked packaging.
Being a Roman member means no waiting rooms, no awkward face-to-face conversations, no
trips to the pharmacy, none of that stuff.
With Roman, you get access to licensed physicians and brand name medication like Viagra or generic
equivalents for as little as 2 a dose without ever leaving your couch.
To get started, all you have to do is visit getroman.com slash chicklets and complete
a brief online visit.
A licensed physician will review it and either approve your request or reach out to you if they have questions.
It's that easy.
Guys, if you're experiencing ED, go online and get checked by the doctor.
I know it can be tough to talk about and tackle, but it's not going to go away.
You got to fix it.
With Roman, it's easy, anonymous, and only takes a few minutes to get started. To waive Roman's usual online visit fee, visit getroman.com
slash chicklets or click on the link in the description box below. That's getroman.com
slash chicklets for your free online visit. Big thanks once again to Hank Lundquist for
joining us out in San Jose. Man, I've never been distracted like that before doing an interview.
Such a handsome dude.
Like I found myself like, oh my God, man, this guy's fucking good looking.
But big thanks to Hank again.
And going back to the interview there, I wish the media like gave him a minute or two.
I felt bad for him.
I mean, the guy, he was almost sobbing and they're sticking the mics in his face.
And like, I just felt like, hey, you know, let's give the guy a minute.
It was like, they were almost like wanting him to cry.
I kind of felt bad for him a little bit uh speaking of you know crying for old teammates Shane Donahue had his number retired in Arizona the other night
biz you were there fill us in on what went down emotional night I mean where do I begin uh let's
let's start the fact that I was actually invited onto the ice for the ceremony and if I'm going to
read off a list of names here of other guys that were
on the ice and and one of them didn't belong and it was me uh so first of all thank you and and
honored the fact that donor wrote the list of guys you want on the ice and i was on it so thank you
donor uh very honored in that regard um so i got to the arena at 4 30 and and as i mentioned these
lists of names i'm going to read here,
they were all there by the Zamboni because we had to prepare
for how we were going to walk out, and we were all mingling.
Jeremy Roenick, Danny Briard, Curtis Joseph, Ray Whitney, Brad May,
Mike Johnson, Derek Morris, Adrian Akoi, and Antoine Vermette,
Kurt Warner, who's the quarterback.
The QB?
The QB was there, larry fitzgerald so i go in for the
handshake with larry because i've met him a few times i played at his charity softball game
he i get i go for the white guy handshake he comes in gives me a hug
larry fits like a boss oh yeah i'm the coolest guy in the world for the next week don't even
question that.
So I'm like, holy shit, I'm pumped, right?
So then we go out onto the ice.
From start to finish, the ceremony was unbelievable.
Very well put together. There needs to be some thanks given out quickly here to the people
who did put it together.
I have it all written down.
Arizona Coyotes Vice President of communications and broadcasting rich nair was
one of the guys who spearheaded the whole ceremony and put it all together along with lamont buffard
who who actually worked for hershey when you were playing in your ahl days uh wit and uh he he does
all the game op stuff and his team of uh you know john kingston dave ellsworth robert clark and
courtney orner uh did an incredible job of organizing it first class.
Then it was to the master of ceremonies, which was Todd Walsh,
who's an Arizona broadcasting legend, loves Arizona sports.
There was no other guy that they would have gotten to do this.
Him and Doan are very close.
He did a great job of teeing everybody up.
So shout out to Todd Walsh and what he brought
to it. Getting on to the speeches, they had Gary Bettman there. Love Bettman's new style of him
wearing probably a 3,000 suit and then A6 running shoes. Oh, he wears A6 running shoes with his
suits now. He doesn't even consider throwing on a dress shoe uh obviously was greeted with booze uh he takes it well man i i i like betman i think i think he's funny and
how he just kind of like laughs it off and he's a very good speaker uh said some really nice things
and you know reiterated how a big reason why the coyotes got to stay in arizona was because of
shane doan and also some of the work he did during the lockout in order to get that deal done when,
when I was at least playing in the league.
Then it was on to Aaron Cohen,
who's the president and chief executive officer of the Arizona Coyotes,
who has done a great job of, of you know,
revamping this team and helping with the,
with the growth of the Coyotes and putting them in the right direction.
He spoke, he did an awesome job.
All of Recman Larson had a pre video of it.
Like they recorded him cause he had to play a game. So he did a great job. Oliver Ekman-Larsen had a pre-video of it. Like, they recorded him because he had to play a game.
So he did a great job.
Danny Breer was funny.
Tyson Nash had an unbelievable speech.
I don't know.
I talk about Nash all the time on here.
I do the pill talks with him.
He started off with a bunch of humor, got into the fact that, you know,
Doner was there for him when his mom had passed away from cancer.
And Doner was a big part of his life and helping him grieve through that.
Not only did they play together in Arizona, they actually won a Memorial Cup together with the Kamloops Blazers.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yeah, they won two together.
Tyson Nash was actually, he played his over overage season and he ended up winning three
memorial cups which is insane if you win one memorial cup that's that's banana lands um and
and also to touch on nash as well we have the same birthday very similar personalities like exact same
day and when i transitioned in from playing into media he was the one guy who who helped me out a
ton him and todd walsh and Bob Hehouse,
all those guys really, but mainly him. And I want to thank him and his speech was incredible.
So congratulations. And then Donor spoke. And if you guys have a chance to go watch the whole
ceremony, do it. You won't meet a more humble guy. I know we stroke them off all the time on here,
but he did a great job of thanking his parents his wife and
kids in particular who have sacrificed so much when I say this guy makes time for everyone Aaron
Cohen mentioned a story of when after a game you know he he takes forever because he meets with
fans in the hallway and then at the top of the tunnel when the guys are driving out there's
always fans there waiting for autographs and then Cohen was driving out and saw Donor because he'd gotten out of his car
and was signing autographs.
And Cohen had to turn back around because he forgot something in the office.
So he went back into the rink for like another 20 minutes and came back out.
And Donor was still there talking and signing autographs.
And it was like 11.30, 12 at night.
So all the time that Donor spent away from his family and and spent you know uh acknowledging
and and uh and joining a conversation and signing autographs for fans in order to grow the game down
the desert definitely goes overlooked um past all the other accomplishments he's had you know
1500 games over 400 goals uh leads the organization pretty much every fucking stat so
donor speech was incredible he's such a humble guy he always deflects all the attention and
gives praise to others so uh donor thank you for inviting me i love you um you've done so much for
me for the game for the the state of arizona and growing the game of hockey here so shout out to
you and your jersey retirement uh it deserves to
be in the rafters forever and uh once again love you buddy so i know i ranted on a little bit but
some thanks needed to be said very well done biz just a solid recap of the night i i i i saw that
they gave him a harley too huh they gave him a harley okay so actually so he was walking back
over after getting his
gifts and i and i leaned in and i was like hey you know i'm not chipping him for that fucking harley
right he had a quick chuckle so uh he's he's actually he never used to ride motorcycles but
in the last couple months he's hopped on a few and and i think maybe that's the reason they ended up
pulling the trigger on that gift they also got him a nice little tricked out golf cart too. And you know what?
I'm such a mush.
I'm such a peasant.
If I had been like with it that night, that was a,
that was a lock for Arizona that they weren't losing that game against
Winnipeg on donors retirement night.
So they ended up coming out with a nice four,
one win that you were a part of.
And I knew you flew back early from Philly.
So nice of you to make sure that you wouldn't miss that night.
I'm sure Donor appreciated you there.
What a guy he is.
We'll have him on again at some point.
I'd love to.
I was a little nervous after Laine scored like two minutes in on the power play.
I'm like, oh, God.
Like, this could be 7-0.
Yeah, not tonight.
And you mentioned Philly.
I got one more thing about Philly I got to pick a bone with
Not tonight.
And you mentioned Philly.
I got one more thing about Philly I got to pick a bone with is the disgusting, disgusting establishment that is Steve's Steak.
What do you call them?
The steak and cheese things?
They call them cheese steaks, yeah.
Yeah, cheese steaks.
That's Steve's place downtown.
It looks like a prison.
Grinnell, did you come with me to that place?
I did not, no.
The metal chairs are all over
everything's covered in sauces and in meat but walk in this place and then and then I got attitude
at the game I also got attitude at Steve's uh cheesesteak place so I bought a nice sweatsuit
yeah yeah you buy the cheesesteak at the right counter and there's a far left uh counter where
you can get the pop if you want a soda so i ended up buying chef from barstool uh his meal and the guy's like
it was 265 for a 20 ounce pop whatever no big deal right so we eat our cheesesteak and on the
way out he i wanted a refill and uh the the guy at the counter is like, 108. And I was like, oh, you guys charged me.
After they dinged me for 265 for a 20-ounce Coke.
Who doesn't get free refills for a Coke?
You're a joke of an establishment.
Fuck you, Steve's.
So then the guy goes, 108.
Didn't you read the sign?
And he points to the window.
There's six signs of different information in size 12 font.
So I look at the guy. I'm like, no, I didn't read the fucking sign.
There's six signs out here and enough with your attitude. I said, keep your fucking, keep your cup.
And I threw it in the garbage and I, and I, and I stormed out and I'm like,
fuck, I can't wait to get out of this city.
So that's another rant, a Philly rant.
So I didn't mean to take up.
That can lead us into the Metro, right?
All right. Yeah. Wow. Guy fucking didn't mean to take up. That can lead us into the Metro, right, R.A.?
Yeah.
Wow, guy.
Fucking perfect segue.
The old Metro.
I like to still call it the Patrick division.
Dude, Yamo has pushed his stack into the middle of the table.
Unreal, dude.
Everyone was wondering, where's Duchesne going to go?
Well, he went to Columbus.
The Sens dish Duchesne and defensemanman julius bergman to columbus for
forward vitaly abramov forward jonathan davidson a 2019 first rounder in a conditional 2020 first
rounder 28 year old duchesne of course is ufa this summer he's been tearing it up for the senators
this year 27 goals 31 assists in 50 games he's already got one and one and two games with columbus
uh as for david, he's a defensive prospect
from Sweden, drafted on the sixth round back
in 2017, currently playing in Sweden.
And Abramov is a 20-year-old Russian
prospect currently in the A.
But Duchesne, he's obviously the centerpiece of this deal.
I mean, he makes a good team
that much better. Whit, what say
you, brother?
I mean, I said all along
they have to trade these guys.
They're not going to win the Cup.
And now I'm kind of regretting it.
I mean, the guy, if you're a fan, I'm saying right now,
you got to almost be happy.
We're trying to do this.
I mean, you probably think that it's a long shot
considering they'd never won a playoff series.
But remember, they had Washington in double overtime
or up 2-0 in the first round last year. So they had Washington in double overtime or up to nothing in the first
round last year. So they had them on the brink. But it's crazy. I mean, you're almost kind of a
boss. I mean, he doesn't give a shit. I mean, I think he's confident in the prospects he has.
And I was very surprised when Duchesne went there. I said right away, that means they're
keeping Panarin. They're not going to go get him and then trade Panarin. I mean, it wouldn't have made any sense, I didn't think at least,
unless you knew Duchesne would re-sign,
which a lot of people are saying probably won't happen.
But who are we to say what's going to happen at the end of the year?
But, man, they look good right after they got Duchesne too.
They worked San Jose at home.
He scored his first goal.
Then he goes, flies home, picks up his wife, his dog, and his baby,
and then the Zingles in the back of his plane too.
I don't know if you guys saw that video.
It's pretty funny, actually.
Dzingles got this goofy smile on his face.
I think his equipment bag was next to him.
But, yeah, Columbus, man.
I mean, it's crazy to think that they're certainly, whoever gets them,
will not be an easy out if you're going to knock them out
because they got some lines they can play and and i love their d i'm i wonder at what point their gm was sitting in his bed
twiddling his thumbs and goes i'm doing it i'm doing it fuck it i'm doing i'm sick of losing
i'm sick of not advancing in in playoffs we're doing it well maybe he's thinking oh sorry go
ahead no no i want to know what you think he's thinking.
Well, I'm thinking that he's probably like, man, these fans,
they've been around a long time.
They haven't seen a playoff win.
Like, it's time we go, and even if we just win a round or two,
it's just like trying to almost save your job a little bit, right?
I mean, if you keep missing the playoffs,
I'm not saying the guys on the verge of getting fired,
but you've got to win a playoff round at some point.
And if you look at your roster and look at the future and see,
this is probably the best chance we're going to have right now for a little bit
in terms of how many good players we have, even though they may be gone next year.
Let's try to add some more and make a little run here.
And you never know.
Bobrovsky doesn't have the best playoff past.
I mean, they got Kincaid also.
So I guess that's a better option than Corpozalo.
But Brovsky can get hot.
I mean, the guys want two Veznas.
I mean, if he gets on his game, all of a sudden,
fuck, they could go and beat some teams.
The only way I can justify it is the fact that he's thinking,
I can't attract high-end free agents,
and I have two of them on my on my on my roster right now so now's the time that that's the only way I can justify it I like
the Kincaid pickup because if you are going to do this and let's say god forbid Bobrovsky goes down
you need somebody competent who can take the net and I'm not saying the other guy wasn't, but now you have a little bit more insurance in a position where you did need it. I'm not crazy about the whole
thing. I think I would have been a little bit more patient if I was him and gained some assets in
return and sold all the guys who were going to be free agents. But hey, you don't know. And
maybe he thinks the time is now and they can take advantage of that division.
Because, I mean, really, that division's kind of struggling right now.
There's no one who's really kind of taken the reins.
I mean, I don't trust the Islanders in playoffs.
I mean, do you think Washington can go back-to-back?
And Christ, Pittsburgh's out of a playoff spot right now.
So I think he thinks by bolstering this lineup,
he's going to be able to get up against Tampa in the conference finals.
After snagging such a huge prize in Duchesne,
you might have thought the Jackets were done obtaining Ottawa forwards
that are going to be unrestricted this summer.
But like Witt said, they picked up Ryan Dezingle on Saturday.
They got him in exchange for forward Anthony Duclair,
a 2020 second rounder and a 2021 second rounder.
Yeah, Dezingle is in the last year of his current deal.
A 26-year-old will be a UFA this summer.
He's having a great year, 22 goals, 22 assists,
and 57 games with the Sens this year.
He's been a hell of a player for the man.
And the picture you mentioned, Whitney, when he was on the plane,
how funny was the dog in the  I know.
The dog is like perfectly buckled in like a human.
Hilarious.
We got to tweet that picture out from the Chicklets account.
So another pickup you just mentioned as well,
the Keith Kincaid got him from Columbus for a fifth rounder in 2022.
He's going to be UFA as well.
He'll presumably be backing up Bob because they are carrying three goalies
right now, 15, 18, and 6 with a 3-3-6 and 8-9-1
with the jersey so far, but they've been struggling.
Are the Jackets done?
No, don't be silly.
They also picked up 32-year-old, tough-as-nails defenseman Adam McQuaid
for a 2019 fourth-rounder and a 2019 seventh-rounder.
14 years after being drafted by them in the second round,
McQuaid will finally suit up for the Blue Jackets.
He's a pending UFA.
He's got two goals, three assists in 36 games with the Rangers this year.
And he was plus three on a team that had a minus 24 goal differential.
You know, I know McQuaid from his time here in Boston.
He's a great teammate, great stay-at-home defenseman.
And I think, you know, he might be bottom pair guy,
but he's definitely going to help a team out on the ice
and in the locker room, I think.
What I love about the GM for Columbus, I know I can't say his name,
I won't even try it, is it seems like all these moves were well thought out.
Of course, adding Dezingo afterward, and then a guy like McQuaid.
You need guys like that to win.
You guys miss him a little bit in Boston.
Well, some of you do. Some of you are hard on him.
He's a meat and potatoes guy, a guy who's going to block shots.
It adds toughness to the lineup.
And, yeah, I like it.
I like the moves.
McQuaid, too, nicest guy in the world.
And then he'll punch your head and pump your eyes shut, too, just a savage.
So, yeah, depth D man that can block shots playing the PK.
And Columbus did a lot, man.
It's interesting to see their next few games here,
how quickly they can gel together.
You don't have much time.
And also, not many defensemen available at the deadline anymore.
I mean, Muzzin was the biggest one.
That happened beforehand.
But a nice little sneaky pickup.
A couple of notes on the Blue Jackets.
They have six pending UFAs on the roster right now.
Panarin, Bobrovsky, Duchesne,
Dezingle, Kincaid, and McQuaid.
And they have only two picks in the draft
in June. They have a third rounder and a
seventh rounder, which is actually Calgary.
So not going to be a busy
drafting players for the Blue Jackets
in the summertime. Next up,
we've got the Capitals. On Thursday,
the Kings sent Kyle Hagelin to the
Caps for a 2019 third round
in a conditional sixth in 2020.
Hagelin's a speedy guy.
He can help probably your bottom six, help out your penalty killing.
Did you ever play with him, Wits, at all?
Nope, nope, never played with him, played against him.
But, yeah, nice little pickup for the Caps.
He could kind of play up and down the lineup too.
So, see him with the success he had with the Penguins and winning those cups.
And now there's maybe a chance he could go against them
if Pittsburgh and Washington ends up somehow meeting again.
I would say of the second-tier trades at the deadline,
this was the most significant.
I don't put him in the echelon of the other guys, of the Hazes and all this.
But I like that pick up by the Caps.
That might help them out in order to make another little run.
Yeah, one of those moves, you can never have too much depth
when the playoffs are all around because guys get hurt, man, frequently,
and he's a guy who can help you out.
The Penguins, take a look at them.
They acquired defenseman Eric Goodbranson from Vancouver
in exchange for forward Tanner Pearson.
The 27-year-old Goodbranson got two years left at 4 million a year,
two goals, six assists, and 57 games with Vancouver.
The 26-year-old Pearson, two years left at 3.75 mil.
He had 16 points in 61 combined games with Pittsburgh and L.A.
Goodbranson, interesting case here.
He was with Florida earlier.
They sent him to Vancouver.
Not a great year for Vancouver up there, but what do you think? How do you think he's going to pan
out, Biz? Going to find a spot in Pittsburgh? Do you think he's going to be a depth guy or what?
I don't know. I mean, I know they
probably added him for this. Well, him and Weidman. Did you mention the Weidman
one yet? I was looking at my phone. I did not, no. Okay, well, they needed to
add a little bit of depth on defense because they
had a few injuries. I know LeTang went
down in that outdoor game as well as
Dumoulin. Yep. And he's
out with a conky, so they need some D-quick
because they need to make playoffs. If you
don't make playoffs with Sid and Gino on
your team, man, you're burning a year off
these guys'
primes. So
to me, that's what that was doing, filling in a couple holes
until some guys get healthy.
And to me, it's the right move, and they didn't have to give up too much.
I mean, I don't think Tanner Pearson was a guy that they were going to
they didn't see in their lineup long term.
Yeah, and, you know, Cabranson, he's got that history with Wilson.
You know, remember that biz when they were battling Vancouver, Washington? So Branson, he's got that history with Wilson.
Remember that, Biz, when they were battling Vancouver-Washington?
So you never know.
There's some toughness there.
You saw what Wilson did last year with the Penguins.
Great point.
That's a long shot, but you never know.
That could be what Rutherford's thinking.
And Pearson just didn't seem to fit in necessarily.
So go to Vancouver, probably get a chance to play a few more minutes there,
I would think. But, yeah, the kind of depth moves there nothing nothing too crazy for teams that don't really have a i mean pittsburgh doesn't have a ton of prospects or anything to give up i mean
by the way if if if this core if this team ends up not winning another stanley cup they've
their three's done more than enough so um anything else would be icing on the cake.
I know they're not looking at it that way,
but it is realistic as guys start to get a little bit older.
Yeah, as you mentioned, they picked up Chris Weidman from Florida.
They traded him for Jean-Sebastian Dia.
A couple of guys they've been up and down with a major league club this year,
sent back and forth.
So just depth moves for these guys.
Certainly not a major trade by any stretch of the imagination.
But the Islanders, they didn't do anything, really.
They kind of stood pat.
I mean, you know, you've got Lula Amaral there.
Trotz is pushing all the right buttons.
And they're probably like, fuck it.
We're rolling right now.
They probably don't want to mess with the chemistry.
Yeah, I was really surprised.
I was.
And I'm sure Lula Amaral was making calls.
Everything's always very quiet wherever he's running the ship.
And so nothing's coming out of news-wise out of the Islanders' camp.
But I thought something might end up happening, and nothing did.
So the players kept saying, I saw Anders Lee, you know,
a couple other guys, Josh Bailey saying, and Lou we trust.
So obviously with the season they've had, you know,
guys are going to trust Trots and lamorello in
terms of how they've become this good this quick the reason that it worries me is that they've
become this good this quick because their defense their number one and goals allowed in the nhl
but they're 23rd or 24th and goals scored and you got to have offense to win in the playoffs it's
like am i crazy to think that whoever they play in the first round you're
picking the other team biz uh i would agree for the simple fact i don't think they can sustain
those numbers in net and all of a sudden now you're playing the best of the best i just thought
a score there would have looked so good and i'm sure they tried but um i don't know they they need
somebody to help getting pucks in the net.
I'm not surprised they didn't make a move.
I would be shocked if they're able to keep one of the top three spots in that division.
I think that they're going to tail off.
The only good news is, other than Columbus,
not a ton was done inside the division.
There was no significant moves.
I mean, we mentioned the Hagelin move. We mentioned
the 2D that Pittsburgh picked up.
Not much changed in the
East really at all. The West is where
a lot of everything went down
other than Columbus. It's because Columbus
got all the players that were available.
That's true.
Guys, before we go any further, I want to talk to you for a second
about ZipRecruiter.
Hiring used to
be hard, multiple job sites, stacks of resumes, a confusing review process, but today hiring can be
easy and you only have to go to one place to get it done. ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter sends your job to over a hundred of the web's leading job boards, but they don't stop
there. With their powerful matching technology, ZipRecruiter scans thousands of resumes to find people with the right experience and invite them to apply to your job.
As applications come in, ZipRecruiter analyzes each one and spotlights the top candidates so
you never miss a great match. ZipRecruiter is so effective that 80 of employers who post on
ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate through the site within the first day. And right now, our listeners can get ZipRecruiter
for free at this exclusive web address, ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets. That's
ziprecruiter.com slash C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets. ZipRecruiter,
the smartest way to hire. And finally, we're going to take a look at the Atlantic Division, formerly the Adams Division.
And my beloved Bruins made, I thought, a pretty significant move.
They picked up forward Marcus Johansson from the Devils for a 2019 second rounder and a 2024th rounder.
Didn't have to give up anyone on the current roster.
The 28-year-old Johansson is a pending UFA this summer.
Four and a half mil hit, cap hit AAV.
28-year-old Johansson is a pending UFA this summer.
Four and a half mil hit, cap hit AAV.
He missed a lot of time to a concussion last year that ironically came from his new teammate,
Brad Marchand, that was kind of a dirty elbow.
Marchand got five games for it.
Hopefully a little handshake in the locker room, but he moved past that.
It's a nice pickup.
Like I said, doesn't cost the Bs off anyone off their current roster.
Together with Coyle, the Bruins, I think they really improved their middle six.
He's a two-time 20-goal score that can certainly bolster the power play.
As a Bees guy, I like the move, man.
Yeah, I like it.
I don't know
if they have what it takes to beat Tampa.
I don't, but
certainly with Patrice Bergeron and the
way that McAvoy started playing
and Marshawn and if Poshnock's healthy,
who he did skate today.
This is Wednesday, obviously.
He was out there.
I don't think he was holding a stick.
But still, I mean, at least he's out there.
So, yeah, I like the moves.
I think Johansson, consistency has been issues.
I also think ever since, you know, he did get that concussion from Marshawn.
I mean, he was having a nice little start to the year when that happened
last year, I believe, if I'm not mistaken. I think he will be able to help but Coyle too I
mean you saw the shootout move that he pulled off where were they St. Louis I believe and that shows
his skill I mean when he gets going he could be a huge fit for them so the Bruins did a little bit
I think they were one of those teams that said wow Stone would look perfect on our team but
they probably figured there's no way they could resign them and they weren't willing to
kind of move what what would it take to bring him over so they did what they could but it's really
tough being in the atlantic right now if you're looking at tampa like who i don't know it's it's
yes the lightning on my squad stone would have definitely put them over the top.
I like this trade, though.
I mean, Boston's top six isn't the problem,
and this just maybe adds a guy who can squeeze in there on the left side
or maybe even a little depth on the third line.
But, you know, I think Coyle was the more important move
in order to add another centerman there who can help out and lug some weight.
But you hit the nail on the head with, I mean, Tampa,
who didn't even have to make a move, is the team to beat.
Even with Stone, I didn't like Boston's chances against Tampa.
Yeah, I mean, having said that, I like the move.
I mean, yeah, I would have preferred they maybe got somebody else,
you know, a little more better player to be fucking be fucking blunt but yeah whatever it is what it is
I'm glad they didn't do nothing it's in the hands you know Coyle Johansson makes them better so
I don't know whatever it is what it is um wait for the playoffs last uh team in the division
we're going to talk about is the Buffalo Sabres on Sunday um the Ducks traded Brandon Montour to Buffalo for defenseman Brandon Gould.
Was it Gould or Gould?
In a conditional 2019 first rounder, Montour had five goals, 20 assists,
and 62 games with Anaheim.
He's got one more year at 3.387 mil.
He's going to be a restricted free agent.
And Gould is a 21-year-old defenseman who spent most of the year in Rochester,
save for a couple games with the Sabres.
No points.
He's one more year on a deal worth almost 700,000.
Again, this is actually Montoya.
He's a pretty solid player, but, I mean, Buffalo, dude,
I don't think they're going to get into the playoffs.
So, I mean, I don't know what the thinking was with this move.
What's your take on it, Wits?
Well, I like him, and he's signed there for next year.
Tough kid, late bloomer. They need help on D. move. What's your take on it, Witz? I like him. He signed there for next year. Tough
kid, late bloomer.
They need help on D.
I understand what they're coming
from. They probably wanted a guy with a little bit of
term, thinking they could maybe re-sign him.
Buffalo,
it's crazy how things
have gone since Mike Grinnelli fucked them.
Still,
they can hate him and they can know that we're rooting
for them to get it back on track and, you know, maybe next year
really kind of take that next step because they got a lot of young,
great players.
Yeah, I like it.
I think this is more a move for the future.
Yeah.
And I like the pickup.
I actually played against him when I was in the American Hockey League
when he first stepped into that organization.
Just a good little puck-moving defenseman.
Plays with a chip on his shoulder, as you mentioned.
I mean, as far as, like, tough, I don't know if he chucks them.
But as I mentioned, he isn't shy away from the physical play.
He'll be chirping in your ear a little bit.
And he's put up some, I mean, significant numbers for a young guy,
a young defenseman in the league.
He's 24 years old.
He's five goals, 20 assists.
Ain't nothing to fucking bat an eye at.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
I'll give you that one.
You'll concede?
But no, a good pickup for a team who doesn't have a lot on the back end.
But as you guys mentioned, I just don't see this team making playoffs.
Grinnell, what was your futures bet on these guys?
Are they going to be close to getting to it?
I don't know.
I was talking about that today with a few people.
It's 79 points, and I took the over.
So I believe they're at 66 right now.
So it's going to come down to the wire.
Okay, so you said they need 79 points?
Yeah, I said they need over 79 points.
They have 20 games left to get 13 points?
Yeah.
Oh, you should win that.
I should, but look how they've been playing.
Yeah.
Well, I guess you're right, but I would be really surprised right now.
Oh, you know what?
They didn't get any tonight either.
They lost 5-3 to Toronto.
Boys, I have the numbers from when we dropped the shirt. They're 12 and 6 since i uh dropped that wagon shirt oh man hey jay i i think
i think the islanders are going to tail off boys and i don't mean to be negative about it you're
saying that they're not going to get it that they're not even going to be top three in their
division that would be a collapse that i don't throw a lot of hot takes.
No, not necessarily.
I don't think it would be considered a collapse, would you?
Let me look right now at the numbers, but I'm pretty sure that they're far enough ahead of the third-place team
in their division that it would be.
Seven points ahead of Carolina and Pittsburgh,
and there's 20 games left.
I don't know.
I could see them falling out of that top left, I don't know. I could see them falling out of that
top three. I don't know.
It could be a horrible hot
take that gets thrown back in my face, but I'm
rolling it down that hill.
That's what we do on this show.
Boys, we got the insider
Mike Commodore
aka Commie. His unique
take on things. He broke a couple trades
today. I'm not sure he got proper
credit like he should have but uh let's send it over to commie right now he's uh he's always
hilarious this interview is brought to you by stitch fix stitch fix is an online personal
styling service that finds and delivers clothes shoes and accessories to fit your body budget and
lifestyle just go to stitch fix.com slash chicklets and tell them your sizes, what styles you like, and how much you want to spend on each item.
You'll be paired with your very own personal stylist who will handpick items to send right to your door.
Then you try them on, pay only for what you love, and return the rest.
Shipping, exchanges, and returns are always free.
There's no subscription required, so you can sign up to receive scheduled shipments or get your fix whenever you want.
StitchFix's styling fee is only 20,
which is applied to anything you keep from your shipment.
Get started now at stitchfix.com slash chicklets, and you'll get an extra 25 off when you keep all the items in your box.
That's stitchfix.com slash chicklets to get started today.
stitchfix.com slash chicklets to get started today. Stitchfix.com slash chicklets.
Well, now to wrap up the whole trade deadline,
we have our NHL insider.
This guy was breaking news left and right, Mike Commodore.
You're the new Bob McKenzie.
How are you?
Bob McKenzie's got nothing on me.
I'm a real insider.
I've had it with Bob.
Had it.
I'm doing great, though. Thanks for having me on. Is there a real insider i've had it with bob at it i'm doing great though
thanks is there a rift going on there no no no you know i'm a little i'm a little uh i would say
i'm a little annoyed old bob didn't give me any credit for breaking the nyquist trade since i
broke it seven hours before he heard anything about it but other than that i'm okay with bob
call me i love you saying that you're okay with him when in actuality at, I think it was Royal
Dornal this year, you striped a drive and
said, I'm the new fucking insider in this
league. I'm sick and tired of Bob
McKenzie and Darren Dreger. They're going on
a golf trip. Not nearly as nice
as this one. Fuck them.
Yeah,
I probably did say that. There was a little booze in my
system, but I meant every word.
We love those guys. They're the OGs. booze in my system, but I meant every word. Oh, we love those guys.
They're,
they're the OGs.
They're the,
they're the top dogs,
but in all seriousness,
I actually,
you know what?
I figured out how they do it.
Do you guys know how they do it?
You probably do.
I figured it out last night.
I always thought that they like message,
like I know they have contacts in like front offices and stuff like that.
And a couple of buddies,
but I always thought I'm like,
man,
I'm like,
how do these guys get this? They have somebody in every war room or how does this work but i don't think it's that's
how it works they probably have a couple but i mean i busted the nyquist deal six hours before
either any of them even heard of it all they do is they have contacts at the league office
did you guys know that well yeah i would imagine that they're getting the faxes so as long as you
got the got the fax guy's number he's just screenshotting every piece of paper that's rolling in wait so
all right like today they were talking about how it goes in like the queue or whatever it is is
that how am i saying that right i think so yeah yeah okay so you're telling me that when that
goes in there that's the first anyone knows like i. I would think there's some GMs out there texting sources
or not sources, their guys, before it even is going into the league.
I would say that that might happen once in a while,
but I'm just guessing that the vast majority of it
is coming right from the league office.
These guys don't have any.
The reason I agree with you, Kami, is for the simple
fact that these GMs are
more concerned about making the moves at the
time and how to improve their teams as opposed
to like, oh yeah, I got to text Bobo and let him
know what we're doing.
No, for sure. They got other things going on.
I do think it is important that
the media finds out a little bit
before. People, especially up here, they
love it in Canada.
You know, they love that.
And that drives the,
like,
you know,
interest in the game.
So it is good.
But yeah,
I just didn't,
like I said,
I mean,
I knew that,
that Nyquist trade was done and that they couldn't announce it until
midnight.
I knew it was done at six and I'm like,
I announced it and everybody thought I was,
everybody thought I was full of shit.
And then I'm like,
man,
I'm getting no love for this. I can't wait till this drops at midnight. full of shit. And then I'm like, man, I'm getting no love for this.
I can't wait until this thing drops at midnight.
I wonder why.
And then it did.
What's that?
I said, I wonder why.
I was literally sitting on my couch just like rapidly refreshing my feed,
just waiting for somebody to be like, oh, you nailed it.
Didn't happen until midnight.
I figured you'd just be sitting there and liking everyone that's like,
you're the worst insider in the league. and you're just going to be like,
when this goes, I'm writing all these motherfuckers back.
And by the way, I wondered.
I was like, I saw that.
I'm like, I wonder.
He must just be absolutely torturing Gus right now.
Like, where are you going?
Where are you going?
But then I said, fucking Gus, fuck that kid.
After he shot 67 at, where was that, Turnberry?
I shot one over, and he dusted me on the 15th hole.
So I got no time for Nyquist anymore.
Yeah, beat at Nyquist.
I didn't even message him.
I heard he was probably a little bit worried about it.
So I went right over his head.
I don't deal with the players anymore.
I just go straight to the war room.
Fuck the players.
Right to the war room. I get it right from the GM. I mean, I agree. A lot of the stuff probably
comes from the league office, but you think it just comes from like the rando people who hear
it because the league is pretty gossipy. I mean, NHL is like a high school sometimes and, you know,
people do have big mouths. I assume, you know, relatives and, you know, friends of friends,
they hear a little snippet and they pass it along because I hear a few things and, you know,
people's families members sometimes have the biggest mouths too.
Yeah. I would say some of that goes on.
What just kind of shocked me was that like,
I found out that like the trade because of roster moves or something like that
couldn't be announced until midnight Eastern time.
But I just figured that like, okay, the trade's done at six.
I mean, I know about it. So I'm like, well,
I got to hammer this out here quick because somebody else has probably got it so i like
fired it out there and then nothing else came nothing else came and then i was nothing else
was announced until midnight so in that particular case it just surprised me i was like oh like these
guys are just got they got the dude like you guys said they got the dude that's working the fax
machine that's just like here you go bob here you I'm like, easiest job ever for Bob McKenzie.
Oh, Hey, come on now. You're going to start a war here, man. I want no part of that. Bob's
the godfather and we all know that same with dregs. Uh, but aside from breaking and tweeting
all day, what have you been up to? How's, how's your new job treating you?
Dude, I am so busy.
Today was actually pretty hectic.
Thank God the deadline was done today.
I am so busy at work, it's a joke.
It is a joke.
I'm a sales and marketing guy, but I'm doing way more than that.
I'm reading contracts.
I'm doing quoting.
I'm doing all kinds of shit. I'm doing admin.
I got to work this fucking computer.
I don't even know how to do it.
It's painful right now at work.
Painful.
Yeah, but I got so many friends who are like, I'm so busy at work.
Like, are you that, like, are you telling me that all day you're just like slaving over this stuff?
Or you could actually like go out to lunch and take your time?
Okay, until like two weeks ago, you're totally right.
Okay, I would say like I'm busy, but like,
not really. Like there was kind of a few stretches where I had a few quotes to do and,
you know, but it was manageable. I could go out for lunch. Then I got this quote, this thing,
basically it's four years of work from, I don't want to get into the whole thing because it
doesn't fucking matter anyways, but it's basically like a four year job. And this fucking thing is
the biggest pain in the ass ever it requires all
kinds of computer knowledge construction knowledge telecommunications knowledge all of which i have
jack shit so it's been a struggle like a legit struggle call me uh this one i'm going off the
grid a little bit what do you make a robert kraft going for the rub and tug Hey, who am I to judge?
Who am I to judge?
You ever been for a tug comedy?
I mean, look, hey guys, my parents listen to this podcast for Christ's sake.
Oh, do they?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, they listen.
This is all biz.
I would never ask you such a disrespectful question.
What do you mean disrespectful?
I am not one to judge Robert's crap.
What does that mean?
I mean, you look like the type of guy who goes into a massage parlor
and asks to get tugged off.
I'll have you know I've never actually walked into a massage parlor,
laid down on the bed, looked at the woman and said,
hey, you need to tug me off.
All right, good to know. I've never said it like that you need to tug me off. I've never said it like that.
I've never said it like that.
Hey, looks can be deceiving, I guess.
Call a massage parlor.
If we're talking about who looks like a tug guy,
we got Rear Admiral sitting right beneath you on this screen.
You're calling, call me out.
Rear Admiral looks like a tug guy.
True story?
I mean, Biz is throwing rocks around here.
Biz, I mean, you look like you just walked out of a massage parlor
half the time too.
Oh, he's like a tug guy.
Hey, let's transition into the fact that R.A. doesn't look like a tug guy.
He looks like a guy who travels to Thailand twice a year
and has like
like geishas and people live with them and stuff funny i've never had a rub and tug and i've never
fucked the hooker wow yeah holy shit no bullshit i i don't know if it was like ego like fuck that
ain't paying i'd rather like go hook up like a four or something than fucking pay to you know
bang a 10 but i yeah i never i never banged I never banged a hook. We won't get in trouble for grading
moment on our podcast.
I'm with you,
R.A.
I'm with you guys.
I'm a classy guy just like you three.
You're the scumbag in the group.
I've established
just from day one I'm not a pay-for-play
type of guy. Grinnell, what about you?
There it is.play type of guy. Grinnell, what about you? So there it is.
We got one guy, Louiezo.
He's from the North Shore.
That's what I call him.
You know, North Shore of Boston.
You got to bring your passport to get there.
I never have, but I probably would.
I mean, so basically the only guy that's done it is Biz.
I mean, I thought I'd be sure to talk about the deadline.
Next thing you know, we're talking about jerk-off parlors.
I know.
I don't know why Biz went into that.
Who's the biggest winner?
Jesus Christ.
Who's the biggest winner of the deadline?
Are you asking me that?
Yeah.
Yeah, I want to hear your opinion.
The biggest winner of the deadline.
Oh, God.
To be honest, the only trades I really paid attention to were the ones that I either missed
or fucked, or not missed, but fucked up or got right.
You got the stone one first, didn't you?
Yeah, I did.
Yeah.
I got the stone one first.
Why is it there's no credit going out?
I don't know.
Well, these guys, you know what I think it is?
I think these guys are scared.
I mean, that's what it is.
They're scared.
They start giving me some credit. I'm going to start taking a lot think these guys are scared. I mean, that's what it is. They're scared. They start giving me some credit.
I'm going to start taking a lot of these trades next year.
I know.
Red Nyquist, you had Stone.
I mean, that's pretty true.
Yeah, I had Fiala.
The Stone one I had both ways, a couple draft picks.
I knew it was a second and third.
I just couldn't say that.
The Stone one, I just tossed it out there.
I didn't know he was going to extend and do all that.
And then the Fiala for
Grandland, I had that both ways.
Yeah, you actually had that in one tweet, right?
I saw that one. I was like,
that one has to be legit if it's coming from
him because it'd be too random to just make up.
Yeah. I don't know.
I mean, that Stone's a good player, to get back to your question.
Winnipeg made a bunch of moves,
didn't they, that I thought? I just heard on the radio kind of some depth stuff, but pretty good. I mean, that Hayes is a a good player to get back to your question winnipeg made a bunch of moves didn't they that i thought i just heard on the radio like kind of some depth stuff but pretty good and i mean
that hayes is a pretty good player they're pretty deep down center now well they were anyways but
now they're really deep hey yeah i i think that little uh needed to be bumped down to the third
line center i think it could be more of an impactful player for them there second line
center especially when you're playing against like contenders and then you're going against uh nashville i think they needed hazy i watched them play uh on uh what was it sunday
night shane don'ts jersey retirement night and i i feel like they needed to add a piece they did
not look good and and their and their back ends a little banged up now too so and and this is kind
of uh this isn't a shot guys there used to be to be a Patrick Laine and Austin Matthews debate.
It's not even fucking close.
Austin Matthews is twice the player that Laine is.
Laine five on five to me is like, what do you even pay that guy?
Yeah, but he's going to get like 40.
Right, but here's the thing though.
You got to pay the guys who are going to give him the puck there.
The minute that these guys start deteriorating and they don't got the the shifley and the wheeler around in their in their primes like what you're just
going to keep paying that guy you need a guy who can who can carry the puck and get it to him i
mean and this isn't taking anything away from ovechkin but you take backstrom away from him
i mean he ain't the same guy. He ain't maybe chasing
Gretzky for the goal
scoring record.
I agree with
the Ovechkin thing. Until recently,
when Ovechkin started playing a little bit better both ways,
for a lot of his career, I'm like, dude, this guy's
a power play specialist that sits around
and will run a guy over once in a while.
He doesn't do anything defensively.
You got 50 goals and you're minus 40.
I don't give a fuck.
That's terrible.
That means you don't care about playing defense whatsoever
and you're a power play dude.
So I don't watch enough Winnipeg games to comment,
but maybe I'll start so I can chip in on this next time.
All right.
What do you got to say about it?
I wanted to ask, call me.
What trade surprised them the most?
You know what?
Actually, i just came
to me while you were talking biz can we talk about the columbus fucking blue jackets yeah let's go
you played for them you got spanked you got fucking sent to the minors by them let's go
unleash yeah i'm making fucking almost four a year actually four two five sorry um
no i don't want to unleash on them.
I mean, I'm actually kind of impressed.
I mean, they are going for it.
Dude, they're going for it.
I think at the end of the year.
Yeah.
I mean, they didn't get rid of, I assume there was probably a price for Panarin.
And if they didn't get it, screw it.
So they loaded up.
I mean, they could legitimately lose, what, all four of those guys?
Panarin, Bobrovsky, Zingle, and dushane could all be gone but they have
some really good young players i think panarin and bobrovsky you heard it here first they're
gonna be playing for the florida panthers next year those russians they just want to go to
florida or la that's it or i guess new york i think they're going to florida but i'm impressed
like i mean if the blue jackets can't win around this year it ain't ever happening i i i couldn't
agree more and i actually earlier in the year i was like they have to trade Blue Jackets can't win around this year, it ain't ever happening. I couldn't agree more.
And I actually, earlier in the year, I was like,
they have to trade these guys.
You can't, like, hold on to them and then lose them for nothing.
And I figured they're not going to win the Cup, right?
Well, I still don't necessarily think they're going to win the Cup,
but if you're a fan, I've almost switched where if you're a fan now
of the Blue Jackets, you've got to be like, fucking right.
It's like, we're going for it, actually.
I mean, I understand it's going to suck if we lose Panarin, switch where if you're a fan now of the Blue Jackets, you've got to be fucking right. We're going for it, actually.
I understand it's going to suck if we lose Panarin,
we lose Pavrovsky, we lose Duchesne, all of them,
just like you mentioned, but still,
you've got to be happy if you're a fan of them that they're actually trying to do it.
If they lose in the first round, yeah, you can say
it was a disaster, but if they win a round
or two, I think the fans
will just love it. They haven't had a win there, and it's
already wild in the playoffs, so
this year will be their year to do it. It's still, I mean,
the crazy thing is they're not even 100 in
the playoffs, so...
Imagine they miss the playoffs. Yeah, that's why.
I mean, they go realistically.
If that happens, we're going to look out.
There's the evil coming out.
Come on, Kami, give it to me.
The playoffs lose everybody. No, I mean, give it to me. Playoffs lose everybody.
No,
I mean,
they need to obviously get to the play.
I think if they win,
they need to win a round.
They need to win a round.
If they win a round,
I haven't been to Columbus in a long time,
to be honest.
But I think if they win a round,
I would assume that most of those fans would consider that a win.
That would be huge there.
Yeah.
I don't see why they can't.
I think they've got to win a lot more than a round, considering
what Yamo Kikolanen did.
I mean, he's basically mortgaged, I'd say, his job
doing this. He didn't trade
two pending UFAs where he could have got a lot
of picks and prospects.
Keeping them, then he goes out and doubles down
with Duchesne to Zingle. I mean,
he's all in, man. I think if
they don't win, they've got to win at least fucking two rounds,
if not three, for all the moves he's done.
For all the moves he's done, I believe.
Yeah, I think he's going to be okay as far as the job's concerned
because he's made some good moves and done a good job
of building up that organization.
Here's where I disagree with you guys.
If I'm a hardcore fan of the Columbus Blue Jackets,
I'm almost like, oh, God, we're going to go all in for just this one run,
and let's say it ends in the second round, then what?
You lose all those guys to free agency,
and you've also lost a few guys and picks in the meantime,
and then for what?
I mean, you have a very good core group there right now.
I mean, obviously, if they're able to re-sign Duchesne,
that's going to be massive.
But they got that Dubois down the middle,
who's a true number one center.
They got Atkinson, who's an all-star winger.
And then they got two really good pieces on the back end,
which, I mean, fuck, most teams can't even find one.
But Anderson is good, too.
Anderson's good.
Their third line, Jenner,
is it Jenner, Foligno, and Anderson?
I think that's their third line.
It is the best third line in hockey.
That Anderson's an animal out there.
And that's what I'm saying.
Yeah, I mean, if they win a round or lose the first round
or don't even get in, I guess, yeah, you're like,
we lose all these guys, fuck.
But the GM said we do still have a strong core,
and he said our prospects are underrated.
Our prospects are better than people think.
So he believes in the prospect pool he has coming up.
So I don't think that if they lose all those guys, they're going to be shit.
No, I don't think so either.
They have a lot of money too.
I don't think so either, but I think that if you're just like, hey, you know,
this isn't necessarily our year where you can lock down your team.
For instance, a team like Winnipeg and Nashville,
they've done a good job of making themselves relevant
for a decent chunk of time here.
Nashville is not going to get bad overnight.
If Columbus loses all those guys at free free agency all of a sudden they're like
uh they're like they're like a cusp team again they may not make playoffs they may they may
but they ain't going to be able to go for it for at least a couple more years
whereas we're a team like every every year like nashville like if they don't win it again this
year they're still going to be relevant next year because he set up their team in order to be
successful where guys are on fair contracts.
I don't know.
That's just my opinion.
I wouldn't have sold everything in order to try to win this year
based on what they already have in place.
Call me.
Yeah.
What's going on?
What's the news out of Calgary?
And, you know, a real quiet deadline day for them.
Yeah.
You know what?
I don't think I was listening to the radio a little bit on my way home.
I don't think anybody's too disappointed.
Yeah.
I think the biggest question mark kind of just from listening to the radio
and watching a few games and stuff like that, I think, to be honest,
I think everybody's pretty happy with the team.
I think they were trying to get stoned is kind of the feeling that I got,
and maybe Hayes too, I don't know.
But I think they were trying to get stoned,
but I think the price was just way too high for a rental.
So I think they decided to stay pat.
I think kind of the biggest sort of question mark here right now anyways
is goaltender.
And they weren't going to fix that in free agency unless they went out
and maybe got Bobrovsky, but that's going to cost you a ton.
And his playoff record isn't exactly anything to write home about.
So, yeah, I'd say the goaltending would be a, you know,
the FD part I guess right now, but Mike Smith's been playing good.
Riddick's been good this year, but a little shaky blade.
I mean, he was playing against the Laval
what's Binghamton's farm team?
Sorry, Ottawa's farm team.
Is it still Binghamton?
I think it's Belleville now.
Oh, yeah, Belleville.
Belleville.
Bellevagus.
He gave up one against Belleville.
Hey, you know what?
I think that Calgary  I mean, they've just had such a sick season.
I understand that they wanted Stone.
I think that was the guy.
And then I think it became clear Stone wanted to sign in Vegas.
And when that was the case and that started kind of becoming news,
it was over for everyone else.
That was kind of what happens, I think.
And even when Calgary's saying, you know,
we didn't want to pay what they wanted for a rental.
I,
I kind of agree with them because their team's not old at all.
They've shown that they got a nice future there.
It's going to be a successful couple of years and Riddick.
Yeah.
He's never played any playoff games,
but he's looked awesome at times.
I know Smitty's had a little tough goal,
but at the beginning,
but he has played way better lately.
So,
yeah,
I mean,
I guess that that is the question,
but you got to think that with the team in front of
you know, the team they've had so far this year
and how many points they've been able to kind of put together,
that they got to be confident going into the playoffs.
That's for the same reason I like that Calgary didn't do anything crazy
is the same reason I was kind of weirded out about what Columbus went and did.
They know they're going to have a solid team for years to come.
Now they were like, hey, we're going to see what
Calgary has no free agents that they're going to lose.
Right, but they also didn't give anything up to get a rental.
And that's what Columbus did, and they did it a lot.
They leveraged a shit ton.
I mean
I don't know how much.
The thing that surprises me was the fact that that duchesne
didn't get locked in after that they did after they did that yeah that columbus didn't lock him
in well like obviously they they probably try but he might want to go to free agency but
why make that move if he doesn't want to commit to your team long term like you're giving up a
decent amount for him like like at least maybe fucking yarmo was in one and
he just said fuck it i'm trading for everybody i'm keeping everything fuck it hey hey he's
probably like hey bobrovsky and uh and panera go go earn your contracts i'm not fucking trading
you guys you guys want to get get the big bucks in florida go earn it yeah yeah i don't think
just last point on calgary too i don't think calgary i don't think whole, other than, like, they didn't want to get rid of that Anderson demon
and that Balamaki.
Other than that, like, off the top of my head,
I don't think they had a ton to give away either, prospect-wise.
But anyways, who gives a shit?
They didn't do anything.
What'd you make of the Conor McGregor suspension?
Or Conor McGregor.
Conor McDavid.
I saw it a couple...
I thought it was pretty fair.
I mean, I just saw it once quick, though, man.
So don't light me over the coals over it.
I haven't...
I just kind of saw it with the volume off.
It was kind of from the blind side, wasn't it?
I only saw it once, though.
All right.
Maybe talk about the Gutis one?
I missed that one completely.
Does that guy do something stupid?
He's not scared.
He's not scared at all of doing anything.
When did he do it? A couple days ago?
I think he baseball swung a guy
in the head. He's kind of Tomahawk.
I'll look it up.
I've been living in the war rooms
fellas for the last couple days. I haven't even been on
I haven't watched any TV. It's just been getting scoops.
Hey, you know what? You did a great job.
The up and coming up sider
probably has the guys just shaking in their
boots a little bit at the Big Dog Studios.
Good for you, Call Me. Thanks for coming on,
buddy. Thank you very
much. Thanks a lot for having me, fellas.
Keep pretending that you're working really hard
at your job, your real life
job. You motherfucker.
I'm going to send you some pictures of this shit.
Please do.
All right, bud.
Thank you.
That interview was also brought to you by Quip.
One of the most important things we do for our health every day
is brushing our teeth, yet most of us don't do it properly.
Quip is a better electric toothbrush created by dentists and designers,
and it was designed to make brushing your teeth more simple,
affordable, and even enjoyable.
Sensitive sonic vibrations are gentle on your sensitive gums.
People often brush too hard, and some electric toothbrushes are too abrasive.
With the built-in two-minute timer that pulses every 30 seconds,
it reminds you when to switch sides, helping guide a full and even clean.
Because up to 90 of us don't brush for the two full minutes that we should be,
or they don't clean evenly.
And there's also a multi-use cover that mounts on your mirror and unknowns to slide over your bristles for on-the-go brushing.
It's great for traveling.
It's perfect to have in your sink.
No headaches whatsoever.
The brush has automatically delivered on a dentist-recommended schedule every three months for just 5.
Three out of four of us use bristles that are old, worn out, and ineffective.
And Quip is one of the first electric toothbrushes accepted by the ADA
and has thousands of verified five-star reviews.
I'm a big Quip guy because getting older, man, your teeth start having some issues.
Quip gets my stuff clean.
Cleaner than those cheapos that you get at the dentist's office, that's for sure.
All right?
They're backed by over 20,000 dental professionals.
And Quip starts at just 25.
If you go to getquip.com slash chicklets,
you get your first refill pack for free with a Quip electric toothbrush.
That's your first refill pack free at G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash chicklets.
Big thanks once again to Mike Commodore for coming on.
He's always a pleasure to have on the show.
His unfiltered opinions are very popular.
He doesn't give a shit what he says, and those make for great guests.
Biz, did you have something you wanted to mention?
Yeah, I forgot to mention one thing.
Shane Doan had a bunch of people down from his hometown of Halkirk in Alberta,
and also I needed to shout out the minor hockey place where he played
is Caster Raiders.
So all those people i talked
to after the game there was like a little meet and greet with donor and uh in like the vip area
he had some uh some friends and family so i i promised that i would do that so i did not forget
i had it my my pad so shout out to the castor raiders nice there you go um sunday night the
oscars are on uh one of my favorite nights of the year is a big movie fan and honestly i thought it was one of the better episodes i better better uh oscar telecast
that we've seen in several years there was a lot of good stuff that went on some good speeches there
was no host which i thought were good uh and i think lady gaga and bradley cooper probably still
banging each other after that duet they did did you see that oh we're just i've seen enough of
that dude how is his girl his girlfriend his baby mama coop is like how is she dealing with that That duet they did, did you see that? Oh, shit. I've seen enough of that.
Dude, how is his girlfriend, his baby mama, Koopa,
how is she dealing with that today when the whole internet is saying,
oh, these two are fucking... Isn't she European?
She's smoking.
Isn't she European, right?
I think so.
Yeah, dude, they don't care.
Russians don't care.
Are you kidding me?
I think it was a bit much, though.
They're just, like, gooned and gone all over each other.
And I get it's for, like, the performance aspect of it,
but, I mean, it's been everywhere, hasn't it?
They did it before the Oscars at a couple award shows.
Yeah, actually, it was a show in Vegas.
But I don't know.
I mean, it was part of the movie.
I think there was such chemistry between them in the movie.
And then last night, people watching it, it was a pretty hot moment, man.
Lady Gaga, I like her.
I love Lady Gaga.
She's a good shit.
If you've ever seen her documentary on Netflix, it's definitely worth checking out.
As far as the Oscar winners, Green Book was the big upset winner.
Actually, it wasn't that big of an upset.
People did think Roma was going to win.
If you listened to The Corner the other day, if you bet on the three movies I told you to,
you would have turned a small profit.
Green Book was plus 350.
I had a few hundred on it, so I got back a few bucks.
My little degenerate self.
I didn't have any luck with the acting categories.
There was another big upset with Sir Face.
Glenn Close, everyone thought she was a slam dunk because she's been around forever,
been nominated a bunch, but they ended up voting for the woman from The Favourite,
who's actually a great actress in her own right. So what did your take? Did you watch them? Did you care or what?
Yeah, I watched them. Then I ended up shutting it off. Yeah, I mean, they're thumping each other.
That's no question to ask. There isn't a doubt in my mind. The Oscars, by the way, I don't understand why everyone's
dogging that...
What was the movie?
Green Book? Yep.
Why is everyone saying that's bad?
First of all, I heard it's a great movie.
I've read that everyone should
see it. It's awesome and everyone's bad-mouthing
it. That actor's
awesome, by the way. Spike Lee
stormed out of the theater, apparently.
He pulled a Kanye?
Yeah.
Yeah, what the controversy is, I guess a lot of people do like the movie. You're right,
a lot of people have seen it, liked it. But the guy who Mahershala Ali plays, the musician,
his name escapes me, the family said that nobody ever reached out to them to get any
sort of perspective on his side. The guy who wrote the screen. You know, the guy who wrote the screenplay,
one of the guys who wrote the screenplay was the son of the white character
that Viggo Mortensen played.
So they didn't like the way things were portrayed.
They thought their relative, the Mahershala Ali character,
that he wasn't portrayed the way he was in real life.
So they had a beef with that.
And I think a lot of, you know, black moviegoers feel that they've seen
enough, like, white savior movies regarding the civil rights.
They're just like, okay, sort of Driving Miss Daisy type movie.
It just doesn't really appeal to them.
I don't know if it was really controversial or not.
It certainly didn't keep them from winning the award.
But as far as Spike Lee, yeah, they said he made a dash for the door
or made a face.
It's like, dude, have a little respect, maybe a little maturity.
I mean, I'm not the biggest Spike Lee fan.
I know he's made some great movies. But, like, you know, you're at the Oscars.
You just won your own Oscar.
Like, I thought it was pretty immature and disrespectful.
I mean, I understand he doesn't like the movie.
He doesn't like Peter Forelli, who directed it, apparently.
He's been kind of rude to him.
But I don't know, dude.
I think he probably should have acted a little more decorum in that situation.
Yeah, he was acting like a clown.
Even after he won his award, he was just like, just the way he was acting,
it's like, holy shit, dude.
Like, be a little bit humble.
Like, I respect everything Spike Lee's done.
He got games,
one of my favorite movies of all time.
But yeah, just kind of acting like a baby.
Everyone's pissed off these days.
Christ.
Plus Spike Lee,
the way he dresses,
he makes me look like James fucking Bond.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
It's kind of ironic that we're bringing up the clothes situation.
We had Hunter Klundquist on this episode.
I wonder if what amount of money, let's say 10 million,
do you think Hank would exchange clothes for 10 million with R.A. for a month
where Hank would only be able to wear the clothes out of R.A.'s wardrobe.
Remember Hazy said, I don't think he's ever seen
Hank in sweatpants.
R.A. lives in leisure
suits.
Europeans dress weird, though.
Don't a lot of Europeans dress with
funky shit? Yeah, but he dresses, I don't know,
Lundqvist dresses awesome. I feel like he's always
dolled up.
Like I said, boys, when I look good, when I have to look good, I look good. You've seen me dress. Lundqvist's dress is awesome. I feel like he's always dolled up. Like I said, boys, when I look good, when I have to look good, I look good.
You've seen me dressed up.
Lundqvist has timeless style.
It's not trendy.
He doesn't throw on Balenciagas or anything.
He doesn't throw on that red tiger jacket you thought was sick
from Barney's in Chicago.
Remember that thing?
Remember you were showing me it, and I was like, yeah, bro,
I could not pull that one off.
Yeah, I'm trying to remember the one you were talking about.
I like trendy pieces sometimes.
Yeah, I know you do.
I know you do.
Oh, fuck it, simmer down.
Boys, anything else we got to cover?
Any funny, funny stuff?
Want to talk about the shitty haircut Grinnell got?
Oh, it doesn't look that bad to me.
Well, he had a shitty one.
He went to this guy, and he said it got really uncomfortable.
Yeah, I mean, he just didn't do what i asked for and i called kind of called him out for it halfway through it's i've i've honestly i've been rattled ever since i asked henrik what
after we did the interview with henrik i kind of you know went up to him and was like hey man like
where do you get your haircut in in tribeca and he wouldn't tell me. He legitimately wouldn't tell me.
And so I've been
struggling to find a good place in New York City to get a haircut.
The craziest
thing about the Hunter Glunswiss
thing is the fact that he
only pays like 20 for the haircut.
Yeah, he goes to a regular barber.
Yeah. No wonder he doesn't
want to give this guy's name out because he don't have
lineups out the door. And then Hank's going to be waiting in the street to get his amazing flow snip.
Understandable. Very understandable.
I thought that was one of the biggest scoops from the interview we did with him.
The fact he actually just goes to a regular old barber.
You know, you probably think he goes to some fancy salon or whatever, but that's not the case.
He just goes to a barber shop like a regular dude.
I got to show I got to shout out before we sign off my buddy Ron Sanko.
Big dog.
He's one of the big dogs at Warrior Hockey.
He's got an absolute bison head on him too, just a melon.
He literally  there's no hat that fits this guy's melon.
But a great guy.
Comes on our golf trips.
Really close with Cleary and Chris Draper and those guys.
And I was in Naples, and I went to the ATM, and I'm coming back,
and I saw  no joke, I saw a head.
I'm like, no one has a head that big besides Sanks.
And I look to the side.
It's him.
He's like, what's up?
I guess he's just bought a place down there.
And you know what this guy did?
I was with three of my buddies.
He just silently bought us dinner.
Classiest move of all time.
And then, of course, he comes up to me five minutes in.
He's like, wait, you got your pen?
So it was nice to go have some drinks with Sanks after,
so I just wanted to give him a shout out and say thank you
because he told me his son listens,
and so I wanted to say what up to little Sanks too.
I figured I'd just,
you know,
give a little appreciation to my man for,
for a very generous Saturday night move or Friday night.
That was moved by him down in Naples,
Florida where the wine was flowing.
Like what is it?
Capistrano.
Did I mess up that line?
All right.
You definitely know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like the wine swallows a Capistrano.
I can't think of it off the top of my head, the Dumb and Dumber line.
I know what you're talking about.
All right, well, with that, it's time to wrap it up.
So thank you guys for listening to our little trade coverage breakdown.
This is why it was a day later to try to get our opinions out there.
And this is the now.
This is the game on, boys.
This is the time we live for, the final run to playoffs.
And then the only issue I have right now is the anxiety I'm experiencing
because every day that goes by now is a day closer to giving my predictions
for the first round.
And we'll probably remember how last year went.
I cannot have the second year in a row me predicting at like a 30 clip.
So we'll soon be there, and I'm looking forward to chatting with you guys
in a couple nights.
And one last note.
I just forgot her name.
Olivia Coleman.
She's the woman who won the Best Actress.
She played P.C. Doris Thatcher in Hot Fuzz, if you never saw it.
Fantastic flick.
So don't want to neglect to mention her name.
Biz, anything else?
Don't even know one word you just said.
Me neither.
Me neither.
Peace out, guys.
What language was that?
All right.
Have a good one, everyone. I'm going to take a freight train down at the station.
I don't care where it goes. I'm gonna take a freight train down at the station.
I don't care where it goes.
I'm gonna climb a mountain, a high mountain.
A jump off, nobody gonna know.
Can't you see? Oh, can't you see oh
can't you see
what I have for you
