Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
My mind has been enabled
In the memory you overflow
I wanna be your superhero
Even if I tumble fall
I'm okay
But I need you desperately
You know I need to get present. It's all I need to get present.
I want to be your superhero. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 154 of Spittin' Chickens presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to the boys today.
Let's start off with Biz Nasty first.
Where are you right now, Paul Bissonnette?
I'm in Arizona.
Seven-game homestand for the Arizona Coyotes.
We're 2-0 right now.
Not a big deal.
And just when you think we're not going to have a lot to talk about,
fuck has there been a lot of drama in the last few days.
Yeah, usually when we have such a short layover between shows, we're struggling for stuff,
but not the case today. And that was a great
game versus Florida the other night. I was listening to you on the
radio, Biz. Thank you. Thank you, my friend.
Yeah, next up, Grinelli,
the producer. What's up, guy?
What's up, boys? Not only do we have a lot to talk
about, but we also had two really good interviews,
so I'm excited. Yes, we'll
be bringing you Brent Burns of the San Jose
Shocks and Eric Conley, a.k.a. E, from Entourage.
Ooh, it's Kevin Conley.
I did say Eric.
You know what?
Eric, I have two cousins.
I have a Kevin Conley and an Eric Conley, two of my cousins.
That's why I fucked that up.
That's all right.
Hopefully he doesn't listen, and then he'll never come on again.
Well, he has me blocked on Twitter anyway, so just as well.
Yes! Yes! listen and then he'll never come on again we're just as well he has me blocked on twitter anyway so just as well yes yes wait so is that name screw up on purpose ra little shot little shot shot off the bow no i really wasn't i i legit have um i have cousins named with the same last
name guy and then there's kevin's and eric so that was just a slip up with the names why why
do you think he blocked you?
Oh, it was like years ago when I was kind of a dick when I first started on Twitter.
You know, just you used to be like in arguments all day long.
No, it was a little bit.
Yeah, I was chirping him a little bit.
You know, I mean, he wasn't exactly a shrinking violent himself on Twitter.
So he'd give it and I'd give it back.
And I don't I don't remember what the argument was, but I'm sure it was stupid.
Maybe it was you who broke his television at his bar.
Yeah, definitely. No, it couldn't have been me. I wasn't out in California. Don't be fucking blaming me for that stuff.
I don't know, man. Maybe you took the early flight, and you snuck in there, and now you're trying
to frame us for it. I guess we've got to introduce
the main guy of the show here.
Absolutely.
Ryan Whitney.
What's up, guy?
Where are you right now?
Thanks, guys.
Fuck.
What's my name?
Slick.
I'm in Milton.
I'm in Milton, hometown.
How are you guys?
Nice to talk to you.
I actually went and spoke to the Hingham High hockey team today, boys.
Wow.
A little team entering the Super 8, which is the state title for the,
you know, state of Massachusetts.
They're all like, you got to mention us.
Chicklets, bump, chicklets, bump.
Here's your mention, boys.
I went in there.
I lit the room ablaze.
It was great.
It was great.
Asking me what's it like to play with Sid, you know,
just letting him hear a great answer.
So it was fun.
It was a lot of fun, but I wish these guys best of luck.
I wish them the best of luck.
Pretty impressive to see a public high school team,
and they've had a good program, kind of, you know,
be able to get to the elite of the elite.
Good luck to them.
Got a role model like Ryan Whitney leading the way for them.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, okay.
Trade deadline was Monday.
We wrapped it up, although we did miss one trade that happened
in between episodes 152 and 153.
We missed.
It was on Friday.
The Capitals acquired defenseman Nick Jensen in the 2019 fifth rounder
from Detroit for defenseman Madison Bowie in the 2020 second rounder.
The Capitals then extended him with a four-year, 10 million deal.
It basically triples what he was making this season.
Jensen's 28.
He got two goals, 13 assists in 60 games with the Wings.
He's a pretty good penalty killer for Detroit.
He was probably one of their top ones on the back end.
He should really help the Caps subpar penalty killing.
They're at a 78.1 clip right now, 23rd in the league.
Not good for a Stanley Cup champion.
The 23-year-old Bowie is a goal and five assist in 33 games with the Caps this year.
He signed through 2020 at a million dollar hit slash AAV. Biz, what kind of move does this help
the Caps? Does it just show up their back end or what? Yeah, I can't believe I forgot about this
one. I was a little surprised that they signed him right away. I mean, and this isn't an insult
to him. I don't really know much about him. Usually you'd at least give it like a
10-20 game sample
size to see if he fits in with your
type of system. I mean,
the same thing he was bringing one organization
may not be the same thing he's bringing another one,
but nonetheless, they must have been scouting this guy
pretty hard. A great
point there on coming in to help the penalty
kill because that's been disastrous for the Washington
Capitals. And if you want to survive in playoffs playoffs your special teams have to be on point so uh
hopefully it works out for them and and kind of a nice little uh addition on the back end and then
of course they got Hagman as well so hey look out for the Capitals boys yeah a couple nice little
additions like you said uh biz I don't know what's on either. I was surprised.
Usually you don't see that.
I mean, just all of a sudden an extension.
You're trying to get them hopeful and then mainly thinking about resigning.
But obviously, Washington, you know, their scouting staff,
people know him and trust that's what they're going to have and they know what they're going to have next year.
So nice for that guy to get traded over and then right away
just got to buy an enormous team dinner.
Usually it's me complaining about that kind of stuff uh a couple other notes you know i know there's one of those
trash magazines i don't know if it's star or the inquiry but they have a segment like stars they're
just like us like you know when stars get same shit regular people get well oh my god they do
groceries yeah exactly yeah they look like shit in the morning going to the store, too.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
They take shits?
Not the hot ones.
But NHL players, they have wacky uncles who post on Facebook as well.
It's not just us regular folks.
Former New Jersey goalie Keith Kincaid, he was traded to Columbus on Monday,
and apparently pissed off his Uncle Jim.
Uncle Jim took to the fetid wasteland that is Facebook to post his feelings,
both positive and negative.
First, he did praise Corey Schneider.
He said, since I no longer care about the Devils,
I can't say having met Corey a number of times in the family room.
He's a gentleman.
He's an excellent goalie.
Him and Keith had to endure years of playing in front of a poor defense and an anemic offense.
So all of you who criticize these guys so very,
very in a venomous way over every little thing,
a poor excuses for fans.
So we kind of sued the fans a little bit, took a shot.
It's just kind of funny because we always, everyone jokes about the,
you know, everyone's crazy uncle on, on Facebook.
I guess we can, we should be blessed that he didn't say anything racist. Cause that's usually what, what it's going on with somebody who's acting like an uncle on Facebook. I guess we should be blessed that he didn't say anything racist
because that's usually what's going on with somebody
who's acting like an idiot on Facebook.
I'll step in.
Oh, you're going to step in here, Whit?
No, no, no.
What I was just going to say is sometimes we forget
how emotional family members get.
It goes back to the Mitch Marner situation with his old man.
Obviously, it's different because he's a little more connected
because it's his father.
But these guys have been there their entire career,
and they almost take it personally because they see how hard these guys have worked.
So maybe that was just bottled up from years of being on the blogs
of New Jersey Devils fans and listening to the insults,
and then it just kind of came to a boiling point when he got dealt.
He's like, all right, time to shine, and then logged on and went.
That might be a little insensitive, but you guys get the reference.
A little machine gun Kelly over there.
Yeah, we're just having fun, obviously.
I'm sure he's a great guy, and he's just sticking up for his nephew.
But, yeah, Facebook is fucking hilarious.
People just posting wild shit.
Also, Matt Hendricks, 37-year-old veteran.
He played for Winnipeg last year.
He got dealt back to them on Monday.
Most guys get traded.
They're going to wait for a plane.
I know Whitney would probably wait for a private jet.
Yeah, sit in the bathroom.
No PJ for him, though.
He packed up his truck, drove the seven hours to Winnipeg
so he could be there for the morning skate.
Definitely a hashtag hockey guy.
He said, I just threw the stuff in the pickup.
Roads are nice and clean.
Quick joint, got there in seven hours.
Fucking, I mean, he's a man's man.
I think, I mean, he's a huge pickup in that locker room.
Did you know him at all, Hendricks?
Either of you guys play with him at all?
I did not.
No, boy, Gordon did when he was in Edmonton.
Somebody tweeted at me.
They said this is going
to be the biggest pickup of the deadline now within the fact that you know they didn't give
up much to get him but there's always like a fourth liner that shines in the playoffs you
know there's always like one guy who has like the run of his life and uh one person tweeted at me
and said you watch he's going to be the difference. I love a comfort
behind, kind of like Rocky's story.
I would like to see him contribute
for Winnipeg. Good luck
to Hendricks. Assault of the Earth kind of guy.
He's actually sick on
shootouts.
Yeah, he's sick on shootouts. He has a nasty
leg kick fake to the back
hand move.
I think Washington Cap the playoffs, but.
I think Washington Capitals figured that out.
He must have been sniping in practice, and I think they were the team to kind of throw him in there,
and he was automatic.
Yeah, Paul Maurice had a lot of good stuff to say about him,
how much of an effect he has on the young guys
and kind of serving as a mentor to them and stuff.
So a huge guy in the room, as they say.
There was one other sign that we wanted to get to on Wednesday.
Arizona rookie Connor Garland, a local guy, Boston area guy,
signed a two-year 1.55 million extension.
So the Yotes will have the skilled and gritty forward locked up through 2021.
36 games this year. He's got 12 goals, three assists for 15 points.
He's actually tied for third on the team in goals and tied for power play goals as well.
He keeps kind of progressing at this rate.
He could be a hell of a bargain over the next couple of years.
Biz, you know him well, working for the team.
What do you have to say about him?
Absolutely. He's been a treat to watch.
He works his balls off, just puts his head down,
goes to the rink, in the gym.
Just a very great work ethic.
Every level he's played at, he's found a way to get it done offensively.
I mean, he went to Moncton in the Q, you know, started out 26 games,
six goals, 11 assists, so not bad.
But then towards the end of his Q career, 129 points, 128 points
in back-to-back seasons.
Then he obviously signed with the Coyotes.
He was a fifth-round draft pick by the Arizona Coyotes,
123 overall.
Played with the Tucson Roadrunners.
But when he got to Tucson, he's undersized,
so he had to get used to the pro game.
Finally this year, he started rolling.
He had 18 games played, 8 goals, 11 assists.
So he was at a point a game, just over.
And then got called up, didn't have a point,
and I believe his first eight games,
maybe nine games.
And then after that,
he finally got his goal and then it just clicked.
And it was,
it was fucking,
he's been hot ever since 12 goals.
Now on the year,
you mentioned that somebody on Twitter today is like,
Oh,
like fuck.
He comes in and scores 12 goals for your team.
And only gets a 85 or 95,000 raise. What a slap in the face. And I'm thinking like, oh, fuck, he comes in and scores 12 goals for your team and only gets a 95,000 raise.
What a slap in the face.
And I'm thinking, are you fucking new around here, buddy?
The guy's a restricted free agent.
He's played 36 games at the National Hockey League level.
And, I mean, that's a small sample size.
And, fuck, man, he got a two-year one-way.
He's on a two-way contract right now so some people on twitter man like i just like sometimes
i just shake my head like do you fucking think before you hit the send button it's a nice fair
contract and hey if connor garland thought he deserved more he could have waited till summertime
to sign it and use this next 19 games to elevate his pay even more.
But I think Conor Garland was very happy to get a one-way deal.
A guy who, I mean, before the year even started,
he was probably like,
I don't even know if I'm going to be in this organization
by the time next year rolls around.
So congratulations to him.
Well-deserved.
And the Yotes, man, the Yotes are fucking buzzing.
He's a situate master just like myself,
and he also has one of the most memorable goals of the year,
I guess, for fans, not him.
When he got hit in the face and it went in,
I think it was in Edmonton,
just right off the jawline into the net.
I mean, thank God it went in.
Imagine if that, like, misses and you got the broken jaw.
But happy for him, really happy for him.
So I think it makes sense.
The deal makes sense in biz.
It was a good point by you because going into this year,
he had never really done that much in the AHL.
So this was like he was hoping like, all right,
hopefully I get a chance in the NHL.
But if I'm not in the NHL this year, I need to dominate down in the minors
or else you're looking at maybe a career minor leaguer.
He dominated at the beginning, and now he's scoring at will.
He's got the nice Cy Young stat line right now, though's looking at a Cy Young season gotta get a couple assists mixed in
there Connor yeah he's a fifth rounder too so it's a nice progression for his career and like I said
I know some of his family members so it's nice to see uh see them rooting him on uh there have
been a few milestones on the last several days too we want to get people up to speed on uh sole
possession of third place on the NHL's all-time win list for goalies
now belongs to Roberto Luongo.
The Panthers netminder passed Eddie Belfort Monday night in Denver
when Florida beat the Avs 4-3 for victory number 485 for Luongo.
He's currently 66 wins behind number two on the list, Patrick Waugh.
Depending on how many years the soon-to-be 40-year-old Luongo plays,
he could potentially catch Waugh.
He definitely isn't going to catch Mati Brodeur,
who's got 206 wins more than Luongo.
You know, I mean, what more can we say about Bobby Lue?
The guy's been getting it done for fucking 19 years now.
I mean, what do you got to say, Biz?
I watched him play on Tuesday night against the Coyotes.
He had to come in relief of James Reimer, who got hurt,
I believe it was at the start of the second period
and he came in and played unbelievable I think he had he had a couple highlight reel saves one of
which was an overtime against Derek Stepon to deny him his hat trick but Lou just a great ambassador
for the game and the one thing that pops out you know of Lou during his entire career to me, aside from all the accolades and how good he was in Vancouver
and even Florida before he went back there,
was when that school shooting happened in Florida.
And he fucking grabbed the mic before the next game.
And he gave that speech to the crowd.
And I was thinking, holy shit.
One, how can you do that to begin with?
And another, how can you do that before having to play a game?
And that's just pure leadership and that shows you exactly why he had the C on
when he was in Vancouver and exactly why he is the person he is
and everyone loves him.
It's kind of crazy to think the top three all-time winningest goalies,
all French-Canadian.
So always been able to produce some incredible goaltending talent.
We look at DeFlauer right now.
He comes into my head.
Luongo, yeah, I mean, you guys both said it best.
He's been a very special player.
Easy first ballot Hall of Famer.
So I think people will look at, you know, how Vancouver,
I don't want to say should have won a Stanley Cup,
but they had some good teams, man, and just kind of never could get over the edge.
But I think that for him, looking back, he got that gold medal.
Suck on that one, Witt.
And, you know, with that, he's going down.
Every game that seems to go down now, it's like he's still passing people.
You know, it was recently Cujo, like you guys said.
So, good for him.
He still won't come on our podcast, though.
Lou won't?
Yeah, he won't.
Oh, he will when he's done.
I hope so.
Because he's  I mean, without knowing him, just like through Twitter
and from what I've heard, like guys love him.
And he's funny.
He's witty.
Some of the things I've seen him joke about.
So, I've heard nothing but great things, but he's had no interest.
But maybe when retirement hits, it'll be like the rest of them,
and they just kind of miss the fellas.
Well, fucking the way he's going, man.
We might be done before he is at this rate.
Yeah, I'm quitting.
Yes.
Another milestone.
This actually happened Saturday.
We missed it.
Patrick Mallow moved into eighth place on the NHL all-time games played list
versus Montreal.
His 1,636th game broke a tie with New Jersey Hall of Fame defenseman
Scott Stevens, and he's got 20 games left this year.
And, you know, taking into account Marleau's legendary reliability,
he very seldom misses games.
He'll likely end the season in fifth place if he doesn't get hurt,
knock on wood.
He would pass Andrew, Chuck, Chelios, and Recchi to move into that spot.
He's currently signed through 2020.
But if he plays another season beyond that, and of course, again, stays healthy,
he could potentially pass Gordie Howe as the all-time leader in games played.
1,637 is what he's at now.
He's currently 130 behind Gordie Howe's 1,767.
Messier, number two.
Yaga, number three.
I mean, that's a pretty big record for a guy
to break in his day and age.
If you take
Biz and I's NHL games
played and add them together,
we're a thousand behind them still.
Not if you count my healthy scratches.
Think about his entire, like, life.
Like, I don't remember shit before 18, I guess.
I guess I don't even remember shit from yesterday for the most part.
But all he knows is NHL life.
Like, it was pretty quick for us, Biz.
I mean, relatively in your whole, like, entire life.
You know, I got nine years in the NHL.
Would you have six?
I had five and a half okay
so like all he knows since 18 is the nhl like all he knows is each city he probably knows every city
in the league like well but at this point he knows exactly what he has to do every summer it's going
to be like guys like that it'll be so bizarre when he some days retires he'll be like what the fuck uh wit uh so i'm not sure here i
was trying to look it up online uh it says he doesn't have any league awards like he's never
won a league award my question to you guys is obviously i consider him a hall of famer because
longevity to me oh yeah this is i mean it's crazy like and and and i and then i pose the don't question and not to move
away from marlo completely is he's got over 1500 games played like i i know that he doesn't have
any league awards either but people who have made that big of an impact on the league for that long
a time they should they should be in the hall of fame like and not to take anything away from guys
that are already in there but there's some guys that are in there when there was like fucking you
know eight teams in the league or six teams in the
league where you're like, I mean,
yeah, of course they grew the game
and they were unreal in their own right,
but fuck, man, for a guy to play that
long and have that many points, and I
know league awards, and that's usually how
they base it, but fuck, man.
To me, he's a Hall of Famer and so is Donor.
I actually look now
in the 1,637 games he's a Hall of Famer, and so is Donor. I actually look now. In the 1,637 games, he's got 1,160 points.
I thought he'd be closer to a point per game.
I guess, though, if you're playing that many games
and he's closer to a point per game,
he'd be really rushing up the all-time leaders list.
So Hall of Fame, yeah, but maybe it won't be right away.
I'm so off on some of these sometimes,
but, I mean, either way, Biz,
just the amount of games, it's like, you're right.
I mean, longevity matters.
I think the Hall of Fame looks so much at stats,
so maybe it doesn't to them as much,
but I think any guy who's ever played the game,
I think that former players appreciate longevity more than anyone because you're like, oh, my God, I realize how hard my 480 games was.
Like, this guy, he's going to quadruple it.
And I know he's slowed down a little bit.
I think he's been bumped down to the third or fourth line on the Maple Leafs.
But, I mean, still in great shape, still getting the job done.
And he had some nice depth for that lineup in order for them to make a little run.
And speaking of durable players, our buddy Keith yendall played in his 777th consecutive
regular season game in arizona tuesday night and he now has the fifth longest iron man streak in
nhl history uh the record is 964 games held by doug jarvis interestingly 964 is also the amount
of career games for jarvis so his this his streak was the entirety of his career, which I thought was pretty interesting.
Yandles behind Gary Unger, Stevie Lama and Andrew Cogliano. Cogliano
obviously still playing, but Yandles,
who knows how long he could go. This is another
situation where he could
catch Javis and
possibly break the record. Obviously, we knock on wood
definitely with this. Yeah, I don't like talking about this one.
It's out there. It's out there. I don't like
talking about it. I have another one.
I like to talk about though,
for Yans.
This one is just,
just fantastic.
I mean,
you'll just,
you could chew on this one all day,
biz,
but can I give you a little intro stack?
I wit stack guy.
So if you're looking at active year streaks for 40 or more points by a
defenseman,
Roman Yossi and Brent Burns six years in a row have 40 or more points by a defenseman. Roman Yossi and Brent Burns, six years in a row,
have 40 or more points.
Dustin Bufflin has seven.
Eric Carlson has eight.
EK 65, he has eight.
You know who has nine now?
K.Y. Kandel.
Nine years in a row, 40 or more points.
So if you're looking at in the past decade,
one of the most consistent,
one of the best consistently offensive
defensive defensemen,
offensive twice because that's how good he is,
we're looking at KY Jelly.
If you take out
the lockout year, which he had 30
points in, so he was on pace to
get well over 40 points,
you're looking at 10 12 don't don't
hurt yourself don't don't hurt yourself biz uh you'd be looking you'd be looking at 13 straight
over 40 point seasons that is fucking insane and we want to talk about hall of fame i tell you what
a couple more years like that to me he's a hall ofer. And I'm proud to say he's one of our buddies.
Yep.
100.
Give us a vote.
Give us a vote.
Yeah.
He's in.
Teddy's in.
Oh, all right.
I get in and he burn it down.
Put fucking R.A. in for
R.A. is in the broadcast spot.
Yeah.
And the way he plays the game, though, he's a
I mean, it fits the perfect new style.
I mean, it's not as physical as it used to be.
He's an offensive defenseman.
He's got some other good tools around him.
And, fuck, he runs that power play down in Florida.
And, you know, I guess I don't really know where the fuck I was going to go after that.
There was a picture the Coyotes tweeted last night.
They said, cats and dogs getting along together.
Looked like an awful lot of tummy sticks before the game there, Biz.
We talk about it a lot lately.
Let's back some of the oats.
Okay, I'm going to sound like
a hypocrite here, but
Keith Yandel has
provided our fan base with enough
content where he's going to get a pass.
We're going to give him a buddy pass
for last night, and the reason
I say that is because he was tummy-sticking
with Oliver Ekman-Larsen.
Those are two guys who played a long time with Shane Doan.
And Shane Doan's jersey retirement ceremony was Sunday.
Keith Yanda was unable to attend because they flew to Colorado,
and he was set to play Colorado on Monday,
and then obviously he played in the back-to-back.
So he was probably asking Oliver how was the ceremony Oliver told him how it was Oliver had to pre-record a you know a
speech for him because he had to suit up he couldn't just go out there and talk and of course
there's a little bit of a language barrier still so I'm going to give Oliver also a buddy pass
because of that situation and the fact that he also came on the podcast.
So you guys can bear with the Tummy Sticks. What about the other two?
What about the other two that were laying there Tummy Sticking it?
Vetrano and Henestrosa are not going to get a Buddy Pass.
Unacceptable Tummy Sticks.
Too young in the league.
I know there are a couple Guido Sarducci's
probably talking about mom's homemade meatballs.
They call it gravy instead of sauce.
They're that Italian.
They're like, you got your white tank top with pasta stains underneath your jersey?
Was that a good impression?
Yeah.
I liked it.
Yeah?
I re-watched the Prados recently.
God, fuck, so good.
Oh, yeah, they should put the Godfather on the jumbotron during the game to keep us
entertained.
I take offense to all of this, so I don't condone it.
Oh, well.
Guys, real quick, I just want to talk to you for a second about Roman.
Boys, you know, studies show that 52 of guys out there are going to
experience erectile dysfunction in a lifetime.
A lot of guys think it's just the way it's going to be, and they don't want
to talk about it, but here on Chicklets, we're very positive about this stuff. We want you to be
better. You want me to be healthy. We want you to have a happy wife, happy life, or whatever you're
sleeping with. Also, ED can be the first sign of other health issues and we don't want that, okay?
So you want to go to Roman. It's a one-stop shop for men's health. They have their own licensed
physicians and certified pharmacies across the country, which means the whole process is quick and painless.
They take care of everything from online diagnosis to fast deliveries of your FDA-approved medication.
And it's always in a super discreet, unmarked packaging.
And being a Roman member means there's no waiting rooms, no awkward face-to-face conversations, no trips to the pharmacy, no blue cards, no getting your blood pressure checked.
None of that stuff when you go to the clinic.
You're just going to go online.
But Roman, you get access to licensed physicians and brand name medication like Viagra or generic
equivalents for as little as 2 a dose without ever leaving your couch.
To get started, all you have to do is visit getroman.com slash checklists and complete
a brief online visit.
A licensed physician will review it and either approve your request
or reach out to you.
If they have questions, it's that easy.
Okay, guys, if you're experiencing ED, go online and get checked by the doctor.
I know ED can be tough to talk about and tackle, but you've got to fix it,
all right?
And with Roman, it's easy, anonymous, and it only takes a few minutes
to get started.
To waive Roman's usual online visit fee, get roman.com slash chicklets,
or click the link in the description box below.
That's get roman.com slash chicklets for your free online visit.
I think we've got to hand out another waiver to business.
We're going to be giving out tummy stick waivers.
Matthew and Brady Kachuk, friends of the program, the brothers,
they had their first game ever against each other the other night in Ottawa.
Brady won the stats.
He got one goal only because Matthews got disallowed.
Matthew won on the score, but ultimately, as the Flames won the game,
I thought it was a great gesture by each of their coaches to start both of them
so they were able to take that first faceoff together.
And then when Brady scored, he pointed up to the family.
Just some great stuff.
Really, really good stuff.
I mean, before the game, obviously, they took the picture together.
They definitely got a tummy stick waiver, given that they're brothers, right, Wits?
Yeah, I mean, how many  just out in the driveway, out on the pond forever,
you're just imagining this, and then to actually have it happen with all your family there,
that's so cool.
Brady, nice goal, too, a little sick, open up that goalie's five-hole,
slide it on the backhand.
So awesome, awesome night for the Kachuk family.
And teams are going in a little bit of a different direction,
but Brady's future looks bright.
So I think it was cool to see and definitely a dream come true for those guys.
Two chicklets, guys.
You know, they get the hall pass too.
Well, first things first, you'd be crazy to think I'm not going to askith if he can dump a few of my old lady if i ever decide to get married and
want a few kids because this guy has produced two studs and the reason why they're getting a pass
not only his daughter's an insane athlete too yeah of course she is uh the reason why they're
getting to pass is a few things uh they've all came on the podcast so boom pass right there
and those guys don't play the game like they enjoy the tummy sticks those guys are hard-nosed
players that that was a very cool moment they're facing off against each other for the first time
all they did was a little picture and then it was game on and and and we've talked about it
matthew plays a very hard-nosed game, and Brady's the same way.
No fucking bullshit.
We saw with the Erickson situation the other night
when he got slashed in the hands.
He didn't like it, and he took matters into his own hands.
Earlier in the season, I forget which teammate of his got ran,
and Brady fucking ejected the mitts and went right after the guy.
So those guys play the right way.
They're not tummy stickers.
They get the pass.
So as long as we cleared the air on that.
The media, too. How many times are they going to
ask him, are you guys going to fight? Is there a chance you guys
fight? Guys, uncle.
Yeah. Mom
made them promise they wouldn't. Dad made them shake
hands. What mother wants to see her
fucking sons punch the fuck out of each other.
I don't play them away. Can I chime in here
quick before we move on to the non-tummy sticks?
I played with a guy who had a twin, Peter Flash,
and he had a brother, Paul Flash,
and he played for the Brampton Battalion.
I was with the Saginaw Spirit at the time.
These guys were identical twin brothers,
and in a game they went toe-to-toe, but it was organic.
Like one of them hit the other one pretty hard,
and the other one got pissed off, and it was was about like these guys were trying to hurt each other
like afterward it was kind of cool because they like met in the hallway and obviously hugged it
out but but uh it was cool to see that that you know these guys were competing and wanted to win
and and uh you know nobody got hurt so that was the good thing. The Sedins were watching it and just looked at each other like,
I'll never play against you, buddy.
Wherever the line is.
I did just mention Matthew had a goal disallowed the other night,
but did you see his goal Tuesday night versus the Islanders,
the between-the-legs tuck?
I would triple myself doing that in sneakers on the sidewalk.
I don't know how guys fucking do it.
He's going to get paid this summer, and then I'm going to be asking for a loan.
What else happened with the non-tummy sticks there, R.A.?
Oh, yeah, we got a little non-tummy stick category.
Definitely not tummy sticks going on Sunday in Brampton, Ontario.
There was an East Coast Hockey League tilt between the Brampton Beast
and the Newfoundland Growlers.
Mike Foulkes of Brampton and James Malindi of Newfoundland,
they couldn't just wait for puck drop.
They had a warm-up, and then they went at it in the walkway
on the way to the locker room, and no one was trying to break it up.
There was one of the PR guys just standing there.
It was a 13-second clip.
It was funny.
Like I said, no one was concerned with breaking it up.
All you can hear is one fan go, Malindi, you're a piece of shit.
You fucking piece of shit, Melendi.
That's a little impersonation there.
That makes the whole fucking video, man.
So, yeah, I don't know if they've gotten disciplined.
I don't think they've announced it yet,
but a hilarious clip, like I said,
made by the audio.
I loved how nonchalant everyone around them.
It was just like they were standing on the ice.
Like, oh, yeah, whenever this ends, it'll end.
And I don't blame people. I mean, mean if you're in sneakers there's not a chance
you're going to try to break that one up your nose will be smashed in two seconds trying to
like reach up at these guys knocking each other's heads off i just thought it was so funny then
they're like kind of going outside the door they're going like down the hallway trying probably not
to step on the cement so just a full-blown tilt off the ice. You never see that anymore.
Well, we saw one a couple years ago in the American Hockey League,
and actually that Dunn from St. Louis knocked out that Gabriel
who plays now for the New Jersey Devils,
which is weird because Dunn's a skilled defenseman.
Vince Dunn is the guy I'm talking about.
That was those guys?
Yeah, it was those guys.
Vince Dunn was playing for the Chicago Wolves at the time.
I don't know who Gabriel was playing for.
I want to say it was the Minnesota's farm team in Iowa.
But surprisingly, oh, is it the Iowa Wild?
Yeah.
Oh, fuck.
There you go.
I want to give a shout-out, too, to Michael Lang.
He's the guy who videotaped that fight and sent it specifically to us.
He did tag us in it. So I want to give him a thank you for doing that.
All right, tonight, Long Island, John Tavares makes his return to the Islanders.
Dude, that video, the fans put it on a local news channel.
Have you seen it?
The fucking fans.
I thought it was a joke, Mikey.
They were embarrassing themselves.
Are we going to play a clip of that or what?
For nine years, you were part of the New York Islanders.
And many of those years, you were the captain.
You were seen as the face of the franchise.
The savior.
You were the chosen one.
We looked up to you.
Kids looked up to you.
You were not just only the Islanders' captain.
You were the fans' captain, too.
We thought you were a class act.
But it looks like it was just all an act.
Do you remember saying that you loved Long Island? I've always stated how much I love it here. Do you
remember saying how great players stay with their team their whole careers and how you wanted to do
the same? This is obviously where I hope to be and I've always stated that. You went from being the captain, the savior, the chosen one, to a lying traitor, snake,
pajama boy.
I mean, what the fuck, man?
Like, the guy left as a free agent of his own volition.
He didn't shoot his way out of town.
And these people, like, the fucking island is having a great year.
Like, you'd think they would be happy and enjoy it.
Like, this is, like, embarrassing i don't i don't get it i mean
some of those people look like they were i mean did you see those people they're like trolls
i mean they like watching that i was like is this a skit because are these real people i couldn't
believe it if you're watching that and you're like a normal human that's an Islanders fan, you're so
embarrassed. Or you're like,
oh yeah, that's the fraction of fans that sit
in section seven. It's like the freaks
at table nine or whatever in Wedding Sanger.
Those are those fans.
That was terrible. And we don't want to paint all
Islanders fans as idiots like that, but
it does reflect on your fan base. Like I said,
this guy, you know, he's a free agent. He left on his own
and a fucking bad mouth on the guy.
I'm curious to see if this guy gets booed.
If the boos are louder than the cheers tomorrow night, man,
that's going to reflect so poorly on the Islanders fans.
I think Frankie Barone should be.
Oh, my God.
I think that's not even a question, R.A.
You think the boos are going to be louder?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Absolutely.
I think that's okay.
That video was definitely cringeworthy.
Man, he left the franchise.
Whatever.
It's part of sports.
Yeah, all right.
I think he's going to get  I think it's like 80 booze.
Well, we do have one of the biggest Islanders fans in the world
that's not named Frankie Borelli.
Kevin, don't call me Eric Conley.
And we're going to bring him on right now.
And I think I called him Eric, too, that's the name of my fucking entourage.
I just realized that as well.
E.
Yeah, well, E for Eric.
So let's go to Eric Conley right now.
This interview is brought to you by Edge Again.
Are you playing hockey and sick of paying hundreds of dollars
every season for skate sharpenings just to get an edge?
It's painful when you constantly lose an edge
and have to go back into the skate sharpener.
That's another 15 bucks.
It adds up over and over.
Edge Again is a handheld skate sharpening tool that for the past few years, pros and
trainers around the league have been using, and now it's available to fans at edgeagain.com.
It uses its patented Tusk technology developed by the engineers at Magna, which has been
created to work with any blade, regardless of your hollow or your steel.
So it doesn't matter.
It's just going to help no matter what.
The handheld Edge Again sharpens skates in seconds
and won't mess up like skate stones or other cheap devices.
You know, if you get the stone, you get a little bit offline,
your skate's done.
A few quick glides of the Edge Again over your blade,
and you'll be back out there going bar down very quickly.
Visit edgeagain.com and receive 40 off by using the promo code BARSTOOL.
In addition to the player units, we also have tools for goalies and figure skaters,
as well as powered sharpener for in the room and trainers on the bench.
Edge Again normally sells for 39.99.
By using the promo code BARSTOOL, it'll be only 24 for Canadian customers
and 18 in the U.S. for American listeners.
Remember, the website is in Canadian currency.
So enjoy the exchange rate discount,
visit edge again.com and never lose your edge again.
It's time to introduce our,
uh,
New York Islanders insider.
I guess that's a fair,
uh,
and,
uh,
and actually he's probably the most famous person we've ever had on the
podcast.
He's an actor
and now director and uh kevin connelly thank you for joining us and i know you're you're pretty
busy right now actually you're on set i believe correct i'm on set i made up an excuse said i had
a family situation i needed 15 minutes personal time so here i am hey and and they're all sitting
back there like he's definitely doing something with the islanders right now yeah i mean they're watching me there's a bunch of people
watching me i'm sitting in my car about 100 yards from set and people are just staring at me so
but uh they got things to do in the meantime so what's up fellas by the way congratulations on uh
the success of the podcast and uh i've heard every episode So I'm a big fan. Wow. That's huge for
us. A quick tire pump for us. Okay. So I guess let's transition over to you and let's talk
Islanders here. You know, what is your consensus going into tonight? A big matchup between JT
returning to Long Island. You know, what's funny is, you know, yesterday, you know, I was,
you know, I was on Twitter and I wrote this tweet.
And honestly, I didn't, I was, I didn't think too hard about it. I just kind of rolled out,
you know, rolled off my tongue. I just kind of came off the top of my head. I wasn't like trying
to make like any sort of, you know, that kind of statement or anything. And it just really seemed
to, you know, just kind of blow up and my
phone has just been ringing non-stop and you know obviously you know social media can go both ways
i mean you know you go deep enough down that rabbit hole and uh you know not all my things
and it's just been sort of a it's been quite a surprise because like you know i've been on on
twitter a minute and i have not not experienced anything quite like this.
It's been pretty intense.
Islander fans, they're pretty riled up.
I'm actually going to read that tweet, so bear with me for about 10 minutes here.
Dear Islanders fans, please don't yell at me.
I'm just thinking out loud.
Maybe we should take the high road Thursday night when JT returns to the Coliseum.
The future is bright for our team.
Let's show the league that we're all class.
Cue the mean tweets at NHL, at New York Islanders.
I thought it was great.
I liked it at the moment, but I thought it was weird.
Now that you're obviously a big-time director,
then you go out and direct that Islanders fans video
and completely contradict yourself.
You know, it's funny. I, that honestly too,
was one of the things that sort of kind of set it off for me a little bit
because, and even as we sit here, I don't, who made that video?
You know, I still don't know who made it. I don't know. I don't know.
And it just sort of went viral, but I, I, you know, you know, the Islanders, the organization, they're a classy bunch of guys. I just don't see them being behind that. But, you know, it certainly went viral and made the rounds. And, you know, I just think it's a thing like, you know, you get into these conversations on Twitter with people. It's like, listen, man, I, I, nobody, I took to the Tavares thing as hard as anybody.
You know, I, I threw shit around the house for a solid eight minutes,
you know, but like, it is what it is. He's gone. And, and,
and that's that. And furthermore,
if we were sitting in the basement and, and then,
then there'd be even more reason, but things are good. And it's like,
let's like let's
let's show a little confidence in the boys and and and just be be proud of our team and support
the team and like you know it's like enough with Tavares he's gone it's gone it's over you know so
now but also don't get me wrong like I get it I get it I understand the frustration I I understand
you know like I think JT probably could have handled that
differently. But, but, and even in my business, you know, there's a side to it that people don't
know. I mean, you know, you got your agents and, you know, you know, believe me, I was at CAA for
a long time. And it's like, a lot of times your agent will just tell you like, look, you just
zip it. And I'm going to do what's best for you and get you the money that you need to get.
And, you know, and that's their job.
So the truth is you really don't know the full story, you know, and I'm also not saying I told people, hey, listen, man,
bull away, vent, get it off your chest, get it out of your system.
That's all fine as long as we keep it just just keep it just keep it classy is all
it's my my only thought but yeah i've been getting just absolutely tattooed by people on twitter man
they're fucking relentless jesus christ i just never understood how like so many islander fans
kind of wouldn't see the whole side of this kid growing up just you know hoping and dreaming of
playing for the
Leafs and getting the chance and then him finally doing it I thought like I understand why people
are pissed he left but it's not like this crazy thought he didn't go to like the Rangers it was
like where he went meant so much to him it's like a passion project in your industry I guess but but
furthermore you couldn't you couldn't have seen them being anywhere remotely close to this good this year, right?
Like, did you plan on a last place type finish?
Well, I mean, you know, I figured it was a rebuilding period.
And by the way, with Lula Morello and Trotz, I thought it would be an excelled, you know, rebuild period.
But, you know, sitting on top of the, you know, the metropolitan division. Nobody thought that.
And furthermore, like, hey, listen, the best thing to do tonight would be to go out and win the game.
You know, that would speak volumes.
Like, how about blow them out?
How about shut Johnny out and blow him out and, like, let that do the talking, you know? And it's just, I don't know, man.
It's hard to, like I said, I understand the passion.
I understand people want to get it off their chest.
And I was just upset.
But what people are upset about is that we got nothing in return, you know?
But also, too, like to bring it back, I mean, granted, it's basketball,
but like you're kind of damned if you do and damned if you don't.
I mean, Anthony Davis said, you know, over the Pelicans, gave them a heads up,
hey, try to get what you can because I'm not coming back. And then he got buried, you know, the Pelicans gave them a heads up. Hey, try to get what you can because I'm not coming back.
And then he got buried.
You know, so it's true.
He got buried.
And, look, you really can't win.
But also, too, like, come on.
Look, I know Johnny a little bit.
You know, he's always been very nice to me.
Like, I know him in passing, casually.
But that fucking pajama shot, I mean, are you fucking kidding me?
I mean, come on.
Tell me he doesn't regret the pajama thing.
Tell me he doesn't regret it.
He's got to.
I mean, because, listen, I get it, and I swear to you,
and people will be like, oh, that's ridiculous.
If I were, there's no offense, I love the Coyotes, and I love Barroway.
He's a buddy of mine.
I was in on the group to try to buy the Islanders back in the day with Barroway.
He's a good man.
He's a great owner.
I played for the Coyotes, and then I, oh, he's just a good dude.
Yeah, he used to come hang out on the Entourage set.
He's a beast.
If I had the opportunity to go play for the Islanders,
you know,
I got,
I got pajama pictures.
I would,
I would take that in a second and be like,
guys,
I'm out.
I'm going to play.
That being said,
fans are hurt.
People are a little stung and it's a,
you know,
it's a passionate fan base,
you know,
and,
and,
and we take our lumps and we and
and and as a fan base we haven't gotten a ton of respect and and my only thought was like we're a
new team now let's like start to build like a little respect and i think the first step towards
that like i said boo the guy don't throw i don't want to you know like throw shit on the ice i mean
listen man i grew up on long island there's some crazy motherfuckers out there, you know? So, you know,
but I'll tell you a large portion of the, of the, of the,
of the response has been positive. And like, I got crazy calls.
Michael K wants me to come on the show. I'm like, what am I going to say?
I don't have anything to say. I mean, I'm not, I really don't. I mean,
you guys are my buddies. So I'm, like, comfortable talking to you, but
what am I going to do?
Am I going to be, like, obie and, like,
uppie and put on a suit and a microphone
and sit behind the desk? What am I going to do? I can't.
I can't do it. I'm not as good
looking as Upshaw, and I don't have
as good of stories as Obie, so I'm just, like,
out here in Hollywood kicking around.
And then Loops is kind of a mix of both.
Oh, Loops. Listen, man. Look, guys. The big interview for. And then Loops is kind of a mix of both. Oh, Loops.
Listen, man. Look, guys.
The big interview for you guys is Loops.
Yeah, I know. We're trying. We're trying.
Do you want me to try to lock that down?
Yes. He says he will. He's like,
I'm not saying everything, though. I'm like, Loops,
you can say whatever you want, buddy. Just come and join
us. Right. Well, that's what I'm saying. He knows
that you guys are coming at him with the hard questions.
Come at him with the hard questions um with the hard questions i i want to go back to the islanders talk so you were around for their heydays when they were winning all those cups and obviously that's how you became a hardcore
islanders fan correct yeah i mean you know that was you know it was it was just a time where
you know it's funny i remember when they lost that cup, you know, they, you know, they went to the finals, 19 playoff series in a row, which when you think about it, that might
not ever be broken in any sport, you know, and there was also a bit of a league-wide conspiracy
because they changed the format at the start of the playoffs that year, I don't know if anybody
knows that, to like, what is it now in the finals?
Is it 2-3-2 or
2-2-1-1? What is it? It's always
2-2-1-1-1.
Always in hockey. Right. Well,
that year of that last
cup, at the start of the playoffs,
they changed it to 2-3-2
and then Edmonton
won and then the next year they changed it back.
Did they really?
That is a fact. And, and when I did my 30 for 30 and I interviewed, uh,
Clark Gillies and Bobby Nystrom, the producer was like, you know, Kevin,
these are like soundbites. You've been interviewing these guys for six hours.
We got to move on. I'm like, all right, a couple more questions, you know,
but Clark Gillies is like, you can put it in the movie.
You can not write it down.
I don't care.
I know for a fact.
So it was just such a tremendous team that we just weren't used to losing.
I mean, I remember not going to school when they lost.
And I remember my mom being like, look, they can't win every year.
And I just wasn't used to it.
So it's been a tough road, and now they're really good.
And to tell you the truth, I would have never in a million years
I mean, like, look, the players are the players.
What Lamorello and Trotz have done in a year, it's like, oh, it's weird, man.
It's crazy.
Yeah, that was actually  I mean, no one saw this coming.
Also, I can picture you right after the 30 for 30.
You're like, Gil, it's nice to see you.
Can I get your autograph?
They're like, this is the first director that's ever asked for anyone's autograph.
Oh, yeah, you kidding?
I'm friends with him.
I'll text him right now.
I'll patch him in.
Get him on the pod.
No, man, you know, it was great.
And also, too, like, obviously, like,
the Islanders know that I'm not a bandwagon fan.
So for, like, you know, for a long time, you know,
they've been real good to me.
And, you know, I mean, I went on a road trip with the team in 2010.
You know, it was a lot of fun.
So, you know, I'm a diehard Islander fan.
You know, I want what's best.
But I also think it's important that, you know,
the league and the people around the league, like I said,
there's going to be a lot of eyes on us.
And I just feel free to vent.
I just hope we handle it the right way.
That's all.
That's when you were selling wine decanters with Zen and Kanopka.
Oh, no.
Who was it?
That was Kanopka.
He dragged me into that one.
I didn't even know what I was into.
Those were great, though.
They worked.
Yeah, they were.
And then he did his own one.
The, what was it, the G28?
Yeah, I think it was that.
Little tangy.
Little tangy, I got to say.
Okay, so that's the perfect transition right here.
We're talking about booze right now.
We attended your bar called Goal in West Hollywood
when we ended up watching the Patriots play the Kansas City Chiefs.
And we got to kind of resolve something.
Apparently somebody broke the television.
You're still owed money.
Yeah, well, you know what?
And not only that, but, like, Teddy calls.
Teddy Purcell calls, and he's like,
yo, what's your address?
He gives me the address and nothing.
I go out to the mailbox.
I want, because, you know, I'm a collector.
I want my barstool envelope, you know?
I'm looking for my barstool envelope.
It has not come.
It got lost in the mail.
We're going to do you even better.
So when Ryan Whitney actually signed his first pro deal,
he bought his old man a 10,000 television.
These are when these big, the flat screen TVs just first came out.
So we're actually going to replace,
and how many inches was that TV by the way?
The TV is already replaced because it has to be a matching TV, obviously.
But I have to say you guys left quite an impression because in nine years,
zero TVs are lost in celebration.
Let's make that one after you guys came through the first TV.
And I was defending you guys. I'm like, bullshit, no way.
So whatever I was there, I saw it. And they opened up the thing.
It was just like booze dripping out of the TV. I'm like, all right.
And the cameras, I mean, we were, we were busted.
I tried to cover for you guys.
And then you guys walked out without,
they're like,
your friends left without paying.
I'm like,
they did not.
They track you guys down the block.
Oh fuck.
That's a bad look.
You know why?
There's probably,
I think we were sitting outside.
I think I remember that.
Yo,
but I would never walk out on a tab.
Right.
That's what I said.
I'm like,
yo,
they didn't do it on purpose.
They're like having a good, they're probably out smoking a butt.
I don't know.
But you guys are gone.
And then Witt dropped the credit card.
So Witt paid for the whole thing.
Yeah, believe me.
And that's why I'm like, Barstool, fucking Gaz, you started spraying booze.
You paid Kevin Conley back.
He's nice enough to let us in.
Goal, he snuck us in.
Place was packed.
And all of a sudden, we're screwing up his TVs.
Not to mention, Biz brought
Biz. How many bags do you travel with, bro?
I mean, I know you're a style guy.
This guy had 26 bags.
We had the whole back office
was full of Biz's luggage.
We couldn't even get any supplies
out of the back room. They were climbing over Biz's
luggage. It's all those track suits
I travel with.
No, that was fun, man.
You know, so you guys are welcome back anytime.
And, you know, I was only kidding.
I mean, I figured, you know.
No, I know.
Oh, I know what I was laughing about.
Teddy's like talking,
oh, I bought enough to buy a Toyota Corolla.
I'm like, instead of a Toyota Corolla,
how about take the rims off and just buy me a TV?
We'll call it even.
Hey, before we let you go. When I heard the Corolla joke or the Corolla talk, I was like,
fuck, man, I'm asking these guys for this money.
If they're talking about how much they're winning on the game,
they can replace my flat screen.
I got 15 of them.
They all look correct.
Hey, before we let you go, are you going to an Islanders game once playoffs starts?
What's going to be the deal there?
You know, I'm just kind of jammed up with work.
I mean, I got to get there.
You know, I got to get there for the playoffs.
I'm wondering, like, if I, you know, hurt my street cred there now.
I might be in trouble, like, with the tailgaters.
I hope not.
No way.
But, yeah, I'm definitely going to make it out for
a playoff game.
I really do hope that they...
I know they play the first round at the Coliseum,
but hopefully they go a little bit
deeper than the first round.
I'll make you a deal. If they make it to the second round,
I'll use Witt's credit card and I'll get us all tickets
and we'll go check out a game.
We'll get some content for Spittin' Chicklets.
Sounds great, guys.
And, you know, next time you guys are around,
you know, I'd love to come in and shoot the shit
and do a little bit of a longer interview.
Oh, that'd be awesome, Colin.
Thank you, guys.
That'd be awesome.
Yeah, thank you guys very much.
And so where are we staying with this TV?
What's the latest?
What are we doing?
We're going to send you the money.
You're getting the money.
Dave Portnoy is going to write you a personal check with the Barstool. I mean, we are waiting for Teddy. We're going to send one of those big You're getting the money. He's going to write you a personal check.
I mean, we are waiting for Teddy.
I just need a Barstool envelope.
I don't care who the check's from. I just need a Barstool envelope.
Hey, and
last thing though, hey, congratulations
on your transition from
doing Entourage and becoming a famous
actor and then now going on to the other
side of it. Man, it's quite
the transition. We wish you the best of luck and really appreciate you coming off set to do this interview i appreciate
that guys uh have a good uh have a good day and uh i'll be in touch i'll be i'll be checking my
mailbox daily all right thanks buddy that interview was also brought to you by indochino guys i know
i get suet all the time from my get-ups.
We went to California.
I'm not the best dresser when we're going to the beach or hanging out.
And I always say to the boys, I look good when I need to look good.
And when I need to look good, I put on Indochino, okay?
Indochino is the world's most exciting made-to-measure menswear company.
They make suits and shirts to my exact measurements
for an unparalleled fit and comfort.
If you're looking to get married, we've got tons of options for those looking to outfit their wedding party.
Guys love the wide selection of high quality fabrics and colors to choose
from.
Not to mention the option to personalize the details,
including your lapel,
the lining,
the pockets,
buttons,
and writing your own monogram.
Here's how it works.
Visit a stylist at our showroom and have them take your measurements
personally or measure at home yourself and shop online at Indochino.com.
Choose your fabric, inside and out.
Choose your design customizations.
Submit your measurements with your choices, and then you relax while your suit gets professionally tailored and milled to you in a couple weeks.
This week, our listeners can get any premium Indochino suit for just 359 at Indochino.com
when entering Chicklets at checkout.
That's 50 off the regular price for a made-to-measure premium suit.
Plus, shipping is free.
That's Indochino.com, promo code Chicklets,
for any premium suit for just 359 and free shipping.
It's an incredible deal for a premium made-to-measure suit.
Once you go custom custom you don't
go back big thank you again to kevin connelly for coming on uh that's a a big get for us i think
it's the number the first celebrity we've had on correct uh grinnell yeah i'd say so other than
any hockey players and if you're in west hollywood check out his uh his sports bar called goal
uh great spot good time and boys is
is there a does it represent any teams or is it pretty broad because you know some some bars are
like oh this is a steelers bar this is a packers bar i think it's pretty broad i mean the rams had
some rams probably had like their only fans in la there that day before the patriots game
all right well there you go so check it out once again, big thank you to him for coming on.
Do you guys see there was a Senator's team photo from two years ago?
Yeah.
I'm going to dig the handle out because I want to give the person proper credit.
Somebody took the photo and they cleverly Photoshopped the current team jerseys on guys
who are no longer with the team.
But what you realize, there's only six guys from that auto team that was with a goal of
going to the Stanley Cup.
And now there's only six guys from that auto team that was with a goal of going to the Stanley Cup, and now there's only six guys left on the team.
But I thought the Photoshop, honestly, that was one of the best ones
I've ever seen just because of the way the guy put all the jerseys
on all the players.
But did you see Chris Neal sit in the front row?
He had flip-flops on.
He was drinking a beer in the fucking picture.
I thought that was pretty funny.
Yeah, that one's great.
I love every retired guy.
So, like, Clark MacArthur, Alex Burrows, Chris Kelly,
they just have like palm trees on their shirts.
It's just like the perfect representation of retired life.
And then the other thing that's shocking,
I think they got like two guys in the Swiss League,
or I see a German League, a couple KHL jerseys, AHL.
It's like it's just crazy that that team was that close to going
to the cup and now it's just a fire sale usually the ottawa senators have good content that come
out as far as like funny memes uh and remember that on youtube i forget what the guy's name was
it was ghost something and he used to do the voiceovers of, like, Chara and Danny Heatley when he's like,
I am on fucking Melnick Lake.
And if you fans haven't seen this before,
just go on YouTube and look up Danny Heatley spoof videos.
Do you know who I'm talking about, R.A.? I remember a couple.
It was a couple years ago, wasn't it?
It was, I'm thinking of something else.
Yeah, I remember it a couple years back.
There's a lot of creative people out there. And by the guy who made this was uh at rogue matt wanted to
give him full props because uh i thought it was a pretty pretty clever photoshop uh also dude how
about this toronto fan what was it saturday night leafs go down three not into montreal and this guy
says if they come back i'll eat my cat's shit. Well, of course, Toronto come back, six unanswered, six, three,
puck nine cover.
Sure enough, this guy eats his cat shit.
Right when he put it in his mouth, they had to turn away.
I used to watch Faces of Death when I was 14 years old.
Now I can't watch anything puked, shit, disgusting.
I get sick myself.
Were you able to sit through that video, Whitney?
No.
I actually just saw the story.
I didn't watch the video because it's so disgusting.
But, I mean, I guess you got to give him credit, right?
He's sticking to his word.
There's been some issues at Barstool about people not living up to their word.
So, he was happy enough that the Leafs pulled it out that he ate his little kitty cat shit.
But he's still, he's got a bunch of issues.
I mean, obviously, the guy ain't a normal human being.
Look at that whole
act he put on. I've never seen anything like
that, just to willingly eat cat
shit just because your team came back and won a regular
season game.
Especially fucking three goals. That's nothing
in the modern NHL. How much would
it cost to make you eat shit,
R.A.? Would you eat a piece
of human feces?
Whose shit is it?
It could be your own shit.
It's got to be the size of a mini Snicker bar that you would get at Halloween Candy.
Not the really mini one.
The fun size.
Yeah, I would say it's probably like two inches long, maybe.
He's like, if it's Rick Middleton's, I'll do it for free.
If it was a supermodel or someone like, well, actually,
that would change it.
You would rather eat a supermodel shit than your own.
I don't really want to get all they're doing.
Is like Coke and an alcohol.
As far as really running.
I mean, as far as what it would cost i mean
fuck man i'd have to 100 grand cash yeah you wish that at least 100 man i mean like i said i
couldn't even watch the video like i get like i get like feidelberg fucking filming kfc radio
every day and stop puking in my mouth it's just it's repulsive man to put animal shit in your
mouth but yeah i mean if i'm gonna eat shit literally it's
gonna swiss that at 100k and then that's just an early negotiation i think horse shit's the way to
go because all they're doing is eating like grass and hay so it's probably the cleanest
right i mean i mean there's got to be some nutrients in there right absolutely any any
doesn't matter no all right well i don't know know. It's the first time I've really asked that question of whether I would do it.
A hundred grand cash, I might consider eating a snicker bar-sized shit.
Spalding eating a baby Ruth.
Spalding taking a foot off the boat.
Dude, how about Mark Stone?
As we know, he got traded to Vegas.
Most people get off the airplane in Vegas.
You just, like, fucking get a cab, get a Uber, get into the hotel.
Mark Stone walks out.
He's got a fucking showgirls, musicians, a bunch of guys banging on drums.
They look like Ready Player One from the Spielberg movie with the shit wrapped around their eyes.
He's got Chance, the Helamons, the mascot.
I mean, it's absolutely hilarious.
And I don't think there's any other team in the league where that's going to be waiting
for you at the airport.
Is it, Biz?
I wish Vegas had a team 20 years ago because they would have sent over
like hookers from the Spearmint Rhino.
Oh, yeah.
With their famous chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks.
And then they start blowing them at the airport and then one of the stalls.
Hey, by the way, I've been told that he flew commercial.
Man.
Excuse me?
Yeah, dude.
With that extension, I'm just like dialing.
I'm Googling private plane and just dialing their number and being like,
send me one.
I'm going to Vegas.
I would have paid someone to piggyback me and walk me.
It's a six and a half hour flight from Ottawa, I think, isn't it?
Oh, I don't know if I've ever told this story on the pod yet.
Vince Young, the quarterback for the Titans.
Oh, yeah, I know this.
I think I told you this story.
Oh, did you?
I don't know.
Maybe not.
So he thought flying private meant buying out all the seats in a normal airplane.
So when like a plane, when they were selling tickets online or whatever for like American Airlines, he bought every seat in the flight.
Yeah, but I think the story was that there were like two tickets that had already been sold.
So there was just like these two random people like on the plane.
He's like, wait, what?
This is how you fly private, right?
Probably cost them.
So the whole point of flying private most of the time is not having to go to the airport.
You don't have to go through security and sniff all that dirty air from everyone else everyone's
like eating food next to you and then you or you get ra next to you on the plane and you want to
he's got 17 iced teas just falling out of his pockets don't forget the hershey's jump out
he he's got like pringles but it's not in the package. He's like put them in like a little plastic bag.
You know, the guy who like takes it out of the field after lunch.
I'm a professional packer.
No, when you fly on a PJ, how does the security work?
Like, I mean, basically.
Phantom security.
You go through a metal detector that you could be wearing.
Like you could have a machete in your pants.
They're like, go ahead. Take could have a machete in your pants. Go ahead.
Take your computer out.
If you wanted to bring potty favors with you,
then it's probably pretty easy on a PJ, right?
I don't know. I was a professional athlete.
I was never even considering that.
Why don't you test it?
You can do it on commercial.
I'm sure it's not too hot on private jets.
Even post-9--11 you can do it
so yeah so mark stone congratulations on the eight-year extension uh well deserved and uh
that was a cool little intro the only thing i would recommend is uh maybe spending a little
bit more than henrik lundqvist on that next haircut because that hair he had coming off
that flight was a fucking nightmare. Did you see it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He had like the middle part.
He looked like a 1920s gangster or something.
He just woke up.
He said the middle part was all bush.
He was probably like, what is this?
I did not know these people were going to be greeting me,
busting techno in my face.
R.A., you nailed it.
He looked like a character out of Dick Tracy.
Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying character out of Dick Tracy. Exactly, yeah.
Yeah, I'm trying to think of that guy's name, too.
He did look exactly like one of them.
Don't think of it.
Try to burn it out of your memory.
Oh, man.
We got a few more game stuff to get to,
but first, Brent Burns, man.
We stopped by his pad a couple weeks ago
when we were out in San Jose.
We didn't get to see his house, unfortunately.
Well, he always... Fucking reptiles
are gone anyways. I really want to see his snakes
and lizards, but I guess they're back east somewhere.
But Brent Burns, what a character.
I really enjoyed talking to him.
I enjoyed watching him talk about Joe Thornton.
His reverence for Thornton was really coming through,
which you'll hear in a minute now. So let's go to Brent Burns.
And before we go over to Brent Burns,
R.A., we've got to thank Budweiser Canada.
They sponsored that tour
and we got some amazing content.
So also make sure to subscribe
to our YouTube channel, which we're
dropping this Brent Burns video
tomorrow, which we've
dropped the Lundquist already. We've dropped
what? I think we had
Scotty Upshaw. Help me out here, Grinnelli.
Claude Giroux, Stephen Stamkos.
We're dropping all the interviews on YouTube eventually.
All the West Coast Wagon Tour content will live there.
So subscribe.
And we're going to be pounding fucking content on there for the next two years,
three years until we keep this podcast going.
So subscribe there and you'll get a ton of video content.
Perfect.
Enjoy Brett Burns.
This interview is brought to you by Thursday Boots.
Money. Power. A great pair of boots.
You can have it all.
Want to know how?
Stop what you were doing, go to the nearest computer,
open your internet browser, and type in the following,
thursdayboots.com.
That's T-H-U-R-S-D-A-Y-B-O-O-T-S.com.
Pick out your favorite pair of beautiful handcrafted boots,
add it to your cart, click checkout,
fill out all of your personal information, click purchase.
It's that easy.
Money, power, and a great pair of boots will be all yours.
While results may vary, particularly regarding the money and power,
you will definitely have a great pair of boots.
And this year, get a pair of boots that will last season after season.
Get a pair of boots handcrafted with, get a pair of boots that will last season after season.
Get a pair of boots handcrafted with the highest quality materials and sold at honest prices.
Get a pair of Thursday boots. Head on over to thursdayboots.com and use the code FREESHIP2DAY. Money, power, and a great pair of boots are now only two days away.
And that is FREESHIP2DAY. That is F-R-E-e-s-h-i-p number two d-a-y
now i'm happy to bring on our next guest he uh plays out here in san jose he's been a shock for
a few years now he's a six-time all-star it's a norris trophy winner he just played in his
1000th career game congrats on that he's one of the true characters of the nhl for sure
ladies and gentlemen welcome to the show, Brent Burns.
What's going on, guys? How you doing?
I'm doing all right now. Now I'm in this position.
That intro was awesome until the producer grabbed his wrist to get the microphone around
him. So our special guest, our last guest of this trip pretty much, and the guy that
I'm happy we were able to get and see last because you play here. You've turned into
a complete superstar here, I would say.
It's when everything took off, and it seems like you love it.
I mean, a lot of people say San Jose can be quiet, and we've seen that,
but you have a family, and you just really enjoy being here, no?
Yeah, this place is awesome.
I think you guys heard stories about Jumbo.
I heard Daddy Demers talking about him the other day.
I can't say enough about that guy.
He's an ultimate legend on the ice, but off the ice.
He just helps so many people.
He's an unbelievable guy, loves the game,
and he makes the rink fun every day.
So you two guys, you know, with the beards,
and you're kind of connected forever,
but I want to know about the body shoot day.
Because what was that like?
Was your wrench just hanging out?
Or was it like, what's going on?
Boys, that was the worst case of false advertising ever.
When they sucked us into that, it was awesome.
It was fun.
But they told us, you know, we were in robes and shorts.
They'd get like the perfect shot with like all the people there.
And then they'd clear the set.
We'd drop our drawers and we'd take a picture.
Nobody would be there, right?
I was naked for eight hours.
I had just got back from Disneyland.
I must have mucked like 30 funnel cakes.
Terrible body.
Jumbo was coming off surgery,
so all he did was work out and he did the spray tan.
He looked great.
He's smart.
I looked awful.
And yeah, I was naked for eight hours.
And they never cleared the set once.
There was 50 people around. So they could just see your hammer. I was naked for eight hours, and they never cleared the set once. There was 50 people around.
So they could just see your hammer?
It was insane.
I mean, people holding up hats so that the camera couldn't see,
but they were right behind us.
Oh, my God.
It was insane.
I would have been laughed off that set, I'll tell you that for free.
I told Scotty Upshaw.
I think Geoffrey Lupo did one.
Yeah, he did.
He did.
And I don't know whether he did or not,
but the conversation of popping a dick pill
would definitely cross my mind.
I'm pretty sure he did one as well.
I mean, you need some help.
If you're there for eight hours,
at one point it's going to shrink up
and you don't need that getting out there.
That was tough.
I didn't want any extra footage.
Let's talk about your kids being on the ice again.
They don't live like normal kids.
Do they know that that's not normal?
No, he doesn't.
He thinks he should be in the league.
In the 1,000 game, he was like, I asked Doug if he could come out,
and the team was awesome.
They let him come out of the shark head, and he's like,
am I going to be able to stay out there for the national anthem?
I said, oh, my God, would you just take what you get?
He wanted to play shifts. He wanted to sit on the the bench and then he says to me well i played in the
all-star game a couple years ago so like i'm a pro i can do it i'm like buddy just go and go
shoot some pucks in the backyard like he's uh he thinks he's a part of the boys tell tell me what
tell him what you told me just when we're on your bus there when you're just like i'm gonna i'm gonna
kill you what are you doing right now yeah the whole all whole All-Stars game, he's, you know, it's for them.
You know, I love having him create memories like that.
But every event, he's inching closer and closer.
All he wants to do is shoot pucks and go on breakaways.
And I'm like, buddy, these guys are in the middle of passing drills.
Like, get over here.
So I'm like, all these cameras around.
I'm like, Jags, I'm going to choke you as soon as there's no cameras.
Like, would you just sit your ass down?
And he's like, yeah, yeah, okay, okay.
He comes in close.
Next thing I know, he's out like 10 feet, and then he's 12 feet.
He's like trying to get into the drills.
Dad, you think I can go shoot?
I'm like, no, you can't shoot on these guys.
It's like the Rams head coach.
They got a guy on the sideline who keeps them real dead.
You got to put a bungee cord on his pants.
It's always
interesting with him what mentioned the beard a few minutes ago is there any inspiration for the
beard or the like samurai look you've had going on lately yeah i think uh you know for me it just
kind of goes back to the first pictures i had as a kid my dad always had a big beard and uh he's
obviously been a huge mentor to me and uh i don't know it's one of those weird things i think it's
you know built into the brain there you know he had the big beard just kind of always wanted it i couldn't
grow one for the longest time and um takes me a long time still to do it so i don't really shave
it much but it's uh yeah kind of stuck and then it became it became its own thing so it's it can't
really go anywhere you can't you can't shave it now yeah it's like the i got something going on
with jack links and it's right in there you can't shave and i had a buddy that was a contract contract guy wow
i had a buddy that was buckled here one night and uh he was he was fucking around he came up with
scissors and the scissors folded but he tried to cut it i was like fuck you shave this thing i'm in
one that would have been expensive cut yeah it would have been a tough one we ended up wrestling
in the front yard after um i want to go back to the start of your career.
You played one year in the OHL.
No offense, I didn't even know who you were when you were drafted.
You went 20th overall, and they call your name, and everyone's just like, who?
Because, you know, you only played one year.
Junior hadn't really come on the scene yet.
And then you stand up in the crowd, and you have a short-sleeved dress shirt on.
I had a tough outfit.
The Sipowitz.
Yeah, you always hear about guys going to the store and their agent
getting them a nice custom suit.
I think I got mine from Sears.
It might have been Kmart.
I think Kmart was the big one in Ontario.
So Kmart suit.
It was my first suit.
Never been on an airplane before.
It was crazy.
Me and my dad were actually, throughout the draft,
we were kind of picking guys, you know, because we knew a lot of these guys.
And my dad said, for the while, Jacques, he loves defensive guys,
smart centermen. So we had a guy on our team, Camille Kreps.
He was rated pretty high.
Yeah, he was a good centerman, defensively responsible.
My dad says, I think Krepsy's going to get picked.
So they said, you know, from Brampton Battalion, he's like, fucking gotcha.
And then they said my name, and I was like, what the fuck?
They're like, what do I do?
And they're like, you've got to go down there.
I take my bad suit jacket off.
I got my short-sleeved dress shirt.
I was like, oh, boy.
I was in the nosebleeds.
It took me 40 minutes to get down there.
I was so far away.
I didn't have the good seats down low.
My dad's got his Hawaiian flower shirt on.
It was crazy.
Did he have the big beard then still?
No, no.
He's had a battle with the hair, I think.
No hair on top.
He can still grow the chest hair and the back hair.
The ones you don't want.
The ones you don't want.
Yeah, he's got nothing else now.
And you were drafted as a forward drafted as a forward you've had a wild
career as far as positions like i mean i guess we'll start there like and then how long do you
switch to d and i was never really a goal scorer so that's kind of like you know i was just worked
hard and uh but shit you get to the next level and it's like i remember willie mitchell telling
me something my first year he said like what do you do you, and it's like, I remember Willie Mitchell telling me something my first year.
He said, like, what do you do?
And it's kind of always stuck with me.
So you've got to do something well.
And as a forward, I was like, well, I work hard.
And he was like, fuck, so does everybody else.
So do washing machines.
You've got to do something.
So, yeah, after that first year, we had the lockout.
And at the end of that year, we weren't very good.
We missed the playoffs.
We had a bunch of D get hurt, and they said, like,
hey, we need a guy to play D.
Our minor league team was really good.
They ended up winning the  is it Calder?
Yeah.
No, not Calder.
Yeah, it's called the Calder Cup.
No, no.
Yeah, the Calder Cup?
Yeah, it's called the Calder Cup.
Not to be confused.
Same as rookie of the year.
You're a superstar in the NHL.
What is that other trophy down there?
I won one, so just be careful what you say about it.
In Manchester.
So be careful what you say about the Calder Cup.
No, they had a great team, and they didn't want to wreck their run.
They wanted to keep it going for them,
so they asked if I minded to play the last six games as a D-man,
and Jacques really liked what he saw,
and he saw me moving forward as a D man and Jacques really liked what he saw and he saw me as a
moving forward as a D man so it was kind of that's how it happened and first time playing D
we were playing playing against Medano and he said like first if he's on the ice get off yeah
but if he's moving and his jersey's flapping turn around and start skating forward
I played a little bit of D growing up I'm kind of switch
back and forth I played in Couchiching half and half the same kind of thing guy
got hurt played D so I enjoyed it was fun you have a miss playing forward ah
you know I had a lot of fun playing with jumbo I think yeah we had a crazy like
you can then you came to San Jose and you switch back to for a bit I mean that
guy can make a lot of guys look good playing forward.
I played with him and T.J. Galliardi.
We had a fun line.
T.J. Galliardi still to this day talks about he's the hardest working guy,
and he never got a fucking point.
He'd always get the third apple with the boys.
It was unbelievable.
Well, he got a lot of points because he fed us some stories,
and we're going to get to those in a bit, but we'll continue.
Let's talk about the trade and when you got moved over.
Obviously, you were probably pretty surprised at the time.
Yeah, there had always been kind of rumors for maybe a year or two years
that I was going to be the guy to kind of get moved.
We were a good team, but we couldn't take that next step.
So that morning that I ended up getting dealt, it was in Minnesota, the draft,
and I had an autograph signing the next day.
So I was training already, and my agent called me and said,
hey, what are you doing?
I said, I'm in the gym.
He said, I think you're going to get traded today.
We just had a kid three days before that.
So my wife was in the hospital still.
First kid?
Second.
Okay.
So we had a one-year-old, and then my son was born.
He was still in the NICU.
He had the  he was like the Avatar baby. He still had the blue lights. What's that? The  Jaundice. then my son was born. He was still in the NICU. He was like the avatar baby.
He still had the blue lights.
What's that?
The jaundice.
Yes, yes, yes.
So he had the fucking blue lights all over him.
My wife was with him, and so he's like, I think you're going to get dealt today.
I was like, oh, fuck.
All right.
Do you know where?
He's like, no, no clue.
So I called my wife.
I said, hey, you should come home.
I think we're going to get traded today.
She's like, oh, fuck.
Like, it just turned into a nightmare.
Ended up getting traded at the draft.
Yeah, it was crazy.
We ended up flying out here two weeks, maybe a week and a half later.
My little guy was, you know, pretty young.
It was just crazy.
That's when people don't realize, like, the real-life aspects of the trades.
We talk about it a lot.
But, like, people are excited.
Like, oh, Burns to San Jose.
But then, like, he's had a baby. His wife's like, wait, what's happening? Burns, he's like, the kids. We talk about it a lot, but people are excited, like, oh, Burns to San Jose, but then he's had a baby.
His wife's like, wait, what's happening? Burns, he's
like, the kids. What about all the animals?
Yeah, the reptiles are stuck. Okay, so we're
getting into the animals, and you mentioned
Gagliardi, so it's perfect timing, because the one story
I have, or the one story we have,
is the incident with the half
wolf, half husky before a game.
Does this ring a bell?
Where apparently you needed stitches before the game?
No, no, it was a cheetah.
It was a cheetah.
Oh, okay, all right.
Gagliardi.
Oh, in that case.
It was a cheetah.
We won't tell it, Pat.
We won't tell it.
Yeah, it's not even worth it now.
Yeah, it was with Jumbo and Colin White, who was like.
Whitey.
Yeah, one of the funniest guys.
Best voice in sports
tough guy
terrified of animals
Oh really?
So I was like
I can't say the place
because they might get in trouble
but we had this
like an animal experience
they were bringing animals in
and
do you remember David Wilcox's
song The Bearcat?
No
It's a huge song in Canada
The Bearcat?
Because he's like
do they play it in Vegas clubs?
Yeah So this I thought it was just a fucking song there's a real animal bear cat they brought this
bear cat up and crawled up my leg sitting on my shoulder i was like holy shit whitey is gone he's
like looking through a glass window and uh so they bring these cheetahs we're watching the cheetahs
run and they said uh we've got a female she's really docile you guys can get a picture with
her we're like, that's awesome.
It was kind of cold where we were.
We were on the road.
We were playing the next day.
And I had a cashmere sweater on.
And I learned after from the zookeeper.
He's like, fuck, I should have said something.
Like, the wool in it kind of can turn their predatory aspects on.
Yeah, his instincts.
It was like turning on.
So I put my arm around this cheetah, which they told me to do.
And that fucker turned and smoked me in the rib cage.
And Jumbo is dying laughing.
I think I'm fucking done.
And Whitey ran.
And it was crazy.
And they're like, fuck, are you all right?
And I'm like, I don't know.
Like, it fucking smoked me.
So you know how you ever see somebody step on a nail?
Yeah.
And you get like the imprint.
I had these four imprints of the teeth.
It was fucked. Really? It was crazy. Yeah. So I was like, I didn these four imprints Of the teeth It was fucked
Really
It was crazy
Yeah so I was like
I didn't know how sore
I was going to be
The next day
And I was like
Jumbo we can't tell anybody
Like they might get in trouble
Yeah
I don't really want
Anybody knowing
I could miss a game
Because of a cheetah attack
Yeah
In San Jose
They got the
Fear factor thing
Or whatever
The scare tactics
With Roenick
They get
Dealing with more
Off-ice shit
In San Jose
Than they could
Fucking handle
It was insane So then I get to the rink the next day fucking everybody
no jumbles just dying still laughing it was uh it was crazy did you have to get stitches for the
bike no it was kind of like just uh like a like a nail like an imprint oh wow so g kind of got it
wrong he said that you had to you uh had to try to what fuck, that's a different story. Okay, perfect, let's go. It wasn't the cheetah story.
Let's do it, let's do it, baby.
We had...
Just the fact that it begins with I have to...
What is it?
Establish dominance over my animal.
Fuck, we had...
I can't even establish dominance over, like, my wife.
I know.
Yeah, I lost this one, too,
so he's still the dominant male.
We had two huskies, and we had male and female.
And our female was in heat, and this guy would not stop fucking her for like three days.
He just was pumping her, and all she wanted to do was eat and drink.
So I kind of cornered him, and they were like, well, if you bite his ear, you'll be the dominant male, and he'll start to listen.
So I get him in the corner, and I'm fucking growling at him
and I get close
and I'm starting to bite him.
I'm trying to bite his ear
and this fucker turns around
and smokes me in the head.
I got lit up for stitches.
I call the team doc.
I'm like,
hey, my dog just bit me in the head.
I need to come over
and he's like,
holy fuck.
I put my helmet on the next day.
It was the worst.
I fucking lit up
with zips on the top.
The dog's like,
can I stitch you up in your driveway, please? I don't want to go in there so the dog he's he
wins a fight he goes and screws his buddy there and kept going it was nuts so the the love of the
animals like it's i've always been so curious to all that what was the beginning of it you grow up
with animals and then what was like your first pet when you're in the nhl like what started at all
uh i always loved animals.
I loved going to the zoo.
Didn't really have animals growing up, like, you know, cats and dogs kind of thing.
But, yeah, I just always  it was kind of a way to get away from the game.
And everybody kind of deals with it differently.
Biz likes to dance at the club.
I kind of like animals.
You like to get bit by animals in the head.
Yeah, most of the time it's me losing fights with these things, man.
It's tough.
My first animal was  that's kind of how the snake thing started.
I had lizards, so they were kind of easy.
I was single, living alone, so they were easy.
You had the lights on, timers, food.
You just chuck like 100 crickets in there,
and they were good to go for our seven-day trips and stuff.
But I was seeing people buy these snakes, and I was like, fuck, they're crazy.
And some of these snakes are expensive, and I was seeing people buy these snakes and I was like, fuck, they're crazy. Some of these snakes are expensive.
I was always terrified of them.
I became friends with the reptile
owner
and I ended up with a snake
and I was fucking terrified. I'd handle these things
with oven mitts with business hockey gloves
for a while.
Like once you would feed mice and stuff?
Live mice?
Yeah, but you have to go in there and clean the cage every once in a while,
so I'd have to have an oven mitt.
I was terrified to get bit.
What was the first snake you owned?
Ball python.
Okay.
Yeah, I had ball python, which I had most.
It was close to like 400 at the end, but mostly ball pythons.
But I had boa constrictors.
I had a retic, a burmese, the bigger snakes, too.
So you're single at the beginning of all this.
When you meet your wife, is she like
cool with this or are you like, hey,
this is a deal breaker for you?
No, she was great with it. She liked the animals too.
I said it the other day,
but she always says it was
false advertising too.
I had all my teeth, no tattoos,
no snakes.
Shit's changed.
The picture of you from first camp to now is the ultimate 10 or 12
year challenge that we're seeing lately it's like this nice preppy kid handsome and all of a sudden
it's like who is this i had like a son died blonde hair yeah a little different you never owned any
poisonous snakes did you no they always said like it takes like 10 10 to 12 months to lose a finger
yeah i needed those i don't i never understood why people would want to poison this one.
Speaking of the transformation, going back to the start of your career, we caught wind
that you used to drive around in an RV all summer and just kind of just point it to a
place on the map and would just drive there.
And this is before you had kids, correct?
No, no.
It started here.
So we had our two kids.
It kind of started with them because we wanted them to see the country.
I'm from Ontario. My wife's from Texas.
Instead of flying, I don't really like flying.
I'm kind of a...
You're like Madden.
Yeah, I always got my...
You just bust everywhere and meet the team.
Yeah, so I kind of like that style.
So we had the RV to kind of like that style and um so we had the rv to to kind of
travel with the kids and and have our shit and go from ontario to texas kind of back here and
we just loved it we loved the lifestyle of of having all our stuff and um i was kind of older
so it was i you know i knew where i had to be physically to be able to play and and i could
push myself to to do it and we we loved it and you would do workouts at like 7-Elevens?
Yeah, mostly at like Walmarts.
Walmarts were great with RVs.
So they always had like the big parking lot to be able to maneuver
these big vehicles, and you could go in and get your supplies and stuff.
Yeah, underneath I'd have all my weights.
I'd bring a little bench, dumbbells, and do a lot of circuit stuff.
Anyone ever like just come over and join you?
No, but a lot of people would come over and watch
and be like, what the fuck's going on here?
I'd have a big setup. I'd have canopies out and everything.
There's a tip jar at the front.
A street entertainer.
I'd have to keep my shirt on to get any tips.
Yeah, we had fun.
It was randomly working out in a wall.
Sometimes it would be late, too.
I was pretty good.
I wouldn't skip any workouts.
I'd drive for 12, 14 hours. It'd be late, too. I was pretty good. I wouldn't skip any workouts. I'd drive for 12, 14 hours, and it would be 11, 30.
I'd put the music on and work out, go for runs.
I brought my bike, so it was great.
All we needed was a wild animal fighting a Walmart parking lot to take the charity.
Yeah, get dusted in that, too, probably.
You said to me on your bus that you did that a lot because you wanted your kids to see the world,
but then now you have the ranch, so it's a little different.
How did you go about getting this?
I know your wife's from Texas, but how cool is it to just have that much land, be able to do whatever you want?
I think when you have kids, you start to realize you've got to pass something down,
and I think it's important to have something that they call their own.
We kind of grew up with uh like a
cottage or you see a lot of guys that have that and yeah i'm scared of fish so i don't really
like going in the lake not cheetahs but fish i know fuck it's bad so i uh i just think there's
something special about having having a big acreage that that is yours you can call your
own something that they can they can call home they go back to. It's always going to be there and have memories.
Texas, we love that.
The people are great.
The food's awesome.
The outdoor life can't be beat.
Perfect.
You hunt for your own food, too.
Don't you get up every morning real early?
Yeah, I don't hunt every day, but we hunt when we need our meat.
Not every day, but we hunt when we need our meat.
Not Ralph's or Whole Foods?
No.
On the road, I still eat a lot of beef, but at home, we eat a lot of elk and axis and some different antelopes around the world that we breed a lot of.
We keep the herds healthy by uh harvesting some
males it's insane it's unbelievable so like this year i mean we'll get a little into the hockey
i think a little bit of like a slow start for the team with all the changes with carl coming in and
stuff but now it seems like you guys have kind of started to hit your stride how cool is it playing
with carlson and then also just like looking forward to this season legitimate contender for the cup yeah San Jose's you know that's one of the best parts about playing here
is every year they every year that they're gonna make uh make a push and make sure that we're in
contention and as a player that's all you want you know it's gonna be tough to to do it I've
it's my 15th year and I've had a sniff one time. So it's, you know, that's all of our dreams, but we know it's tough.
And, you know, getting Carl, it's huge.
He's a world-class talent.
He's a fun guy to be with off the ice.
We have a good time together.
And, yeah, it's been fun.
What about another guy that I just know a little bit is Pavelski.
Yeah.
Pokey the Rocket.
Everyone always tells me there's nothing he isn't good at, huh?
Like, he's the guy, everything he does, he wins.
Fucking golf, he goes out, he's a scratch golfer.
Baseball, he's good at.
Football, I mean, it's just, he's like Captain America.
Yeah, he is.
That's his nickname, but it's, he's an unbelievable, and he does everything right.
He never screws a drill up.
Yeah.
Like, I bust drills up all the time. It's like, fuck, it's brutal. And this guy just does everything right. He never screws a drill up. Yeah. I bust drills up all the time.
It's like, fuck, it's brutal.
And this guy just does everything right.
He's just a great professional, great guy.
Yeah.
He's sick at tipping pucks, too.
He might be the best in the league, maybe.
It's insane.
You just sauce him in there.
He's just like, ding, ding, ding.
Yeah.
I mean, in practice, every morning we try to go out early,
and I shoot 100 pucks, and he's pissed if he misses one.
It's crazy.
That's unreal.
Even if I fucked a shot up and I'm supposed to be shooting forehand
and I wire a roller backhand and it's right at him,
he still gets out of the way, but he still manages to get a stick on it.
We've developed a really good chemistry.
We both bring to the game and our skills.
You know, I think my attribute is getting shots through,
and I'm blessed to play with a guy that, you know,
other than him and Sid are the two best guys that I've seen with hand-eye.
Hand-eye.
It's crazy.
But it's true.
Like a D-man like you getting everything through.
Lidstrom got everything through, and Holmstrom was there.
So it gets you so many more points.
He used to dash me up, too.
He tipped from like six feet away.
It was unbelievable.
He'd be like this through your legs back.
You're like, motherfucker.
It's a crazy talent because guys are all over.
These guys are getting pushed, are getting cross-checked.
Sticks getting taken away, and they still manage to get a free.
He's tipping them straight on, too.
It's crazy.
Oh, I got to ask you about the SEAL Team 6 buddies you have.
You probably got some wild stories.
Fuck, yeah.
You know, I think for me, there's been different things
that have, you know, motivated me through my career.
And one night we had the suite here.
They said, you know, usually they do, like,
welcome to Bernsie's Battalion. And one night we had a suite here. They said, you know, usually they do like a welcome to Bernsie's battalion.
And one night we had a bunch of guys come in and they said,
hey, we can't really be on the screen.
They're very undercover.
Yeah.
They don't even like the stories.
They don't want credit or anything.
Yeah, they're just incredible humans.
I mean, shit, the things they do, the shape they're in.
And I had one guy over here in the cold tub.
He held his breath for like two and a half minutes in the cold tub,
and I was like, what the fuck?
That's a flex.
Insane, yeah.
Insane.
It's crazy.
Just to see him swim in the pool, it was tough.
He took his shirt off, too, and just jacked.
I was like, fuck, honey, stay inside.
He came from outside.
We became pretty close.
Oh, he got a fourth kid all the way.
Yeah, fuck.
Doesn't look anything like me great body
abs, fuck, definitely not mine
he's
just ultimate
guys
obviously their job is very different from ours but
similar groups
team room
the way they chirp each other
even they talk about even when they're on missions and they're in the they chirp each other. They talk about
even when they're on missions and
they're in the earpiece chirping each other like,
oh fuck, I saw you slip on that rocky idiot.
Similar stuff to what we do.
That's how they're keeping themselves loose
and keeping focused.
Just incredible.
I went and visited
my one buddy and was training with him
in the gym.
We kind of were rotating workouts. I'd do our team workout the one buddy and was training with him in the gym. Oh, man.
We kind of were rotating workouts.
I'd do, like, our team workout the one day,
and then he would do one of his workouts the next day.
And I'll never forget squatting.
We were doing, like, back squats, and the guy next to me had no legs.
And he was fucking squatting a lot of weight.
And I was like, holy fuck, like, incredible just to see that, the sacrifice. Not only them, but their families, but it's just incredible.
Fuck, that was pretty intense.
Yeah, right?
Going back to Collison, when he came to the team, you know,
you guys obviously play a very similar style, same type of game.
What kind of adjustments to your game did you have to make, if any?
I think, you know, we hear other people talk about, you know, at the start we were kind of deferring to each other a lot, you know, we hear other people talk about, you know, at the start,
we were kind of deferring to each other a lot, you know, trying to.
Because you're both good guys.
That's why.
Yeah, he didn't really want to step on each other's toes.
You know, I think I've been traded before.
I know how it feels.
You want to welcome him with open arms and make sure he feels comfortable.
I think he doesn't want to step on anybody's toes.
And it just takes time, I think, to develop that chemistry.
I think, especially with him, he's a world-class passer,
so he's trying to figure out where guys go and how they skate
and how they're doing different things.
Yeah, different things like that.
It just takes time to click.
Off the ice, it was great right away.
He's a fun dude off the ice.
We have a lot of fun. His cockiness is so perfect, too. It's away. He's a fun dude off the ice. We have a lot of fun.
His cockiness is so perfect, too.
It's incredible.
He can pull it off.
What about in the room?
Is there a clown of the group?
Biz usually says that.
I love clowns.
Any guy in the room that goofs around the most?
We play with the loosest guy in the NHL is Jumbo.
It's nonstop in there.
Which is always why I always say having a guy like that that is a legend of the game,
he's going to go down as one of the best players ever,
works his bag off, but also has the most fun.
You know, he creates that atmosphere where everybody can be themselves.
And, you know, before it was kind of, you know,
I didn't want to be a guy laughing, be loud,
because you almost don't think it's right.
It's not okay to do, but when you play with a guy, you know,
we get steamrolled 7-0.
It's like a morgue.
You don't even want to talk.
You don't want to breathe.
You don't want to call anybody on the phone.
And then he's like, hey, we got a fucking song for Bernsie,
and he puts a song on the speaker.
Hey, this is for Pavs, and he fucking puts an old school weird-ass song on it.
I mean, the guy's just, he's fucking, we've done some crazy stuff.
We, I can't remember what year, but we were kind of making our push,
and he started chopping guys' hairs off and putting it in a Ziploc bag,
and we carried this bag.
He had dude's hair, like a player of the game.
You know, he had like the fire hat and police hat.
We were cutting guys' hairs off and keeping them in a Ziploc bag.
It was like, what the fuck just shit happened?
When did this begin?
Yeah, every year it was crazy.
Well, it's crazy to think about.
I mean, obviously it's coming to an end.
I don't know if it's any time soon.
Have you talked to him about what his plans are for the future?
He's a guy that loves the rink.
He's going to play until they don't let him, I think.
He's in incredible shape.
The guy doesn't take a day off. He goes on a day off,
he will go into the rink just to shower.
Like, fuck, you have a huge house.
Beautiful shower at home. Loves the game.
Just loves being at the rink, seeing the trainers,
giving them kidney shots.
I mean, this guy, he's just
the ultimate rink rat.
But man, he gets a puck.
Not many guys can pass a puck like him.
Underrated shot. Doesn't like to shoot, but, he gets a puck. Not many guys can pass a puck like him. And, you know, underrated shot.
Doesn't like to shoot.
But when he does, it's top titty two by four, as he likes to say.
I heard that, yeah, sometimes the coaches would be.
Who was the coach before DeBoer?
Sorry.
Tom McClellan.
Tom McClellan.
He would, like, stop the video and be like, got to shoot that.
And he'd be like, nah, I'm a pastor. Yeah, yeah.
I'm a disher.
He'd say, I'm a fucking disher.
Yeah, he's just incredible. I've always, like, because he married'm a boxer. Yeah, yeah. I'm a disher. He said, I'm a fucking disher. Yeah, he's, fuck, he's just incredible.
I've always, like, because he married a girl from Switzerland, right?
Yeah.
And he met there, and people were like, he'd probably go when he's done in the NHL play
a year over there.
Like, he just loves hockey.
Yeah, I guess he's, like, all over the rink there.
He's got a nice house right in the mountains there.
That'll do.
Because he goes there in the summer and trains with those guys and skates
with them.
And he's an animal.
I mean,
he's,
uh,
and he loves the game.
So he'll play forever.
I think it would be,
you know,
even more so than OB last year,
the whole entire fan base of hockey to see.
Oh man.
It's like,
that was almost like Ray Bork.
You know,
when that happened,
it was,
uh,
so it's a reason that everyone is like with San Jose when,
you know, the other two years ago, wherever it was, it's like I think that everyone will be rooting for you guys
as you get further into those playoffs.
Yeah, I got to keep fucking stuff.
I know.
It's such a grind.
You give yourself a chance, and you hope the magic happens.
When we went on that run, it just felt so special for the three rounds.
We lost the magic and ran against a great team.
But it's crazy when you have that run, the feelings you have.
And also the memories we were saying the other day.
Who were we talking to that went to the finals and lost?
I remember we've been interviewing so many guys.
You mentioned that Gary.
You said it in the story a few times.
Gary Roberts.
Gary Roberts just gives a big speech.
You'll never know when you get back.
And it's true.
You've been making the playoffs.
I know.
Bernsie, I had one of those magical runs to the Calder Cup Finals.
Yeah, which trophy was that?
We actually closed the deal.
Which league is that?
Yeah, close it up.
We sealed the deal.
They say it's like the closest team in history.
Don't you guys still have, like, the reunions and shit?
No, but we all got along great.
And like you said, it's just, like, it's magical.
You can't really describe it.
The friends you have forever.
Yeah, it's just like it's magical. You can't really describe it, the friends you have forever. Yeah, it was fucking awesome.
Your sixth All-Star game, as we mentioned.
Is there anything you still look forward to this week
and then also who you're looking forward to playing with?
Yeah, I'm glad the hardest shot thing is over.
That's the hardest part about the weekend is just getting the events over with.
I think the three-on-three is awesome.
It makes it more fun.
At the end of the day, we want to work.
We want to play hard.
And it's five-on-five.
It was just tough.
You didn't want to hurt anybody.
You didn't want to hit anybody with shots.
So it's like, fuck, you're just getting scared when a guy's getting in the lane.
You don't want to hurt a goalie.
It was just hard to work and play hard.
And then so when you don't want to do that, it kind of just makes it look bad.
It's so hard.
Yeah, yeah, it's hard.
Three-on-three, you're forced to work. work you get enough room where you're not gonna hurt anybody
it's it's a fun thing to play it's awesome oh how about that uh coin oh she was she was
buzzing dude i was faster than i've ever ever been in my life we were trying to talk
pavelski into doing the fastest skater just to say like fuck like kick the mascots out of the
way and say like hey fuck let's let's get the rocket around the ice and take like a minute and a half
lap but i think when he saw her buzzing like that it's like boy she's gonna double me it can't
happen like you can't do it it was awesome i mean the fact that we you know you come do this
interview with us today the all-star game we we want to thank you so much dude it's uh it's a
pleasure to watch you i mean you turned into like said, a superstar with a lot of flair
and a character of the game, so thank you very much.
Thanks for having me, boys. And we're going to have to rent
his RV, his fancy one to drive there.
We were told we were going to have for this
trip, and now we're like, holy fuck.
That's like when I go on my dating app, so I'm like, oh,
yeah, and you meet him out and you're like, what the fuck
is this?
Where are you going this summer? Any plans yet this summer?
Yeah, we'll drive out to the Colorado.
I love driving through the mountains there, seeing some, I like looking for like the wild
elk herds and shit, going through the mountains and then go to the ranch after that.
I usually try to drive up to Toronto, see my family, do, do you ever do skate on?
No.
I think you went, no, you didn't do skate on?
Was that on the treadmill?
No, the skills, the hands with Yari. Oh, fuck you. You did Yari? I grew up Do you ever do skate on? No I think you went No you didn't do skate on Was that on the treadmill? No the
Skills the hands
With Yari
Oh fuck you
You did Yari
No I didn't
Are you nuts?
Come on
Oh man
I was busy
Busy at Marquee
In Las Vegas
In my summer's training
No I
I've been to
BioSteel camps
Yeah so you saw Yari there
Yeah Yari has came out
He would come up
But I would just
Kind of stand off to the side
He's like
Getting it off the ice now.
Yeah, you...
I was the before, and then they would send somebody else to do it right.
You're the guy that went up and killed all the pylons.
The pylons are all over the ice, over the glass and shit.
I tell you what, though.
I think I could have done better than half the guys doing that puck relay yesterday.
Oh, I wouldn't want to be in that one, though.
The passing, too, is tough.
The passing, like...
The saucer passing?
Yeah.
You would have been taking wristers over the glass, huh?
How about when you have to scoop the puck up and put it through the litten-up section?
But they screwed guys, because sometimes it's like the third one was the low one, where
you could shoot it into the net.
I said that.
Yeah, Donnie Hockey still won it, and he had to pick it up.
Yeah, that kid.
He won me 20 bucks from Witt, and then Witt was being a sore loser after he was like, Oh, whatever, it's 20 bucks. I don't know why you. He won me 20 bucks from Witt and then Witt was being
a sore loser
after he was
like, oh,
whatever, it's
20 bucks.
I don't know
why you're
so fucking
mad about it.
Tight arms,
couldn't get
back there.
Thanks for
doing this.
We'd love to
come down to
the ranch in
the summer,
maybe do a
little content
piece of seeing
if Witt can
survive.
He's a bit of
a cake eater
now because
Sidney Crossey
put 20 sheets
in his bag.
Put it this
way, if you
send me out
to get dinner,
it's like you guys are never eating again.
I'll be the dinner for some animal out there.
We'll get you to wrestle a zebra.
Yeah, exactly.
I am a zebra.
Awesome.
Thank you.
All right, buddy.
Great stuff.
That interview was also brought to you by Trip Actions.
Here's a reason half of business travelers do not use their company's chosen travel
management platform.
Booking business travel is still ridiculously outdated, time-consuming, and costly. If you're frustrated with your company's travel
management program or lack thereof, you need to look into TripActions. They take the pain out of
corporate travel with a complete solution that helps businesses save and keep employees happy.
The reason TripActions works so well is that it's the first travel management platform designed
from the ground up with the road warrior in mind. It's easy to book your company's business travel from
the app or desktop. With 24-7 proactive support around the globe and incentives for employees to
save on travel expenses, companies large and small see over 90 adoption and save up to 34
on travel spend when they use TripActions. Companies from Lyft to Sara Lee's Frozen Bakery
trust TripActions with their business travel, and TripActions rewards travelers for saving
their company money, and they'll reward you just for checking them out. So reshape your company's
business travel today with TripActions. Go to tripactions.com slash chicklets, complete a 30-minute
demo with a TripActions account executive, and you'll get 20 off booking fees in 2019.
But it's this month only.
TripActions.com for a free demo and 20 off booking fees in 2019.
TripActions.com.
Huge thank you again to Brent Burns for coming on.
That was huge for him having us over to his place.
Keep in mind, that was the day of the game
we got that. That was the night
after the skills competition
and he had a bunch of people over that night
so he got up early for us. He had
a big cup of coffee, needed to wake up for the
interview and a very unique
individual and a real
big treat for the NHL because he's a great
ambassador for the game.
He does content for everyone. The guy doesn't say no to anyone. He's the fucking best. So thank you,
Bernsie, for coming on. And we will be getting some content with him this summer when we go
out on his ranch in Texas. Yeah, he's like visiting like a cartoon character. And I mean
that like an endearing way because he's such a unique looking individual, a unique guy. It was
fun, man. I had a good time hanging out with him and yeah I hope we do
get down to his ranch this summer and by the way biz I know you said to forget about it but flat
top was the Dick Tracy character that Mark Stone looked like you can give a little flat top google
check that out uh Jordan Biddington St. Louis goalie are you shitting me? He had another shutout Tuesday night, his third shutout in his last six starts, and 18 starts
this season. He's 15-2-1 with five shutouts total.
That's a shutout every three and a half games. He's got a 1.61
goals against, a 9.36 save percentage, which are the best in each category
for goalies with at least 20 games played. But what was great
in the press scrum after the game,
he stared down one of the journalists to ask them basically
if the last few weeks have been nerve-wracking.
Mikey, let's play that clip.
You guys have had so many close games these last couple weeks.
It would seem to be pretty nerve-wracking.
Is it nerve-wracking to you?
You're a flat liner, but it seems pretty exciting hockey.
Do I look nervous?
No. What's your answer and he said not just
he looks at me staring at him like not breaking a smile and he says no there's your answer i was
like that's fucking like i mean if you're playing for that goalie man playing with that goal you
got to think his confidence is through the roof right now huh yeah and i loved how he was like
torturing the reporter he just like basically like i i understood
it completely what he meant too because the question it almost like phrased like is this
a fluke kind of like i didn't i don't think the guy meant it like that but by saying like are you
nervous like it's kind of a weird question like no dude i'm lighting it up i'm not nervous i feel
great and just the way he decided to answer it by just you know asking
do i look nervous with a straight face on was perfect by the way he's been nasty on twitter
is that true yeah is that a did you get to know him when we were the jesters at camp uh yeah no
great kid i was i was flattered by it and i i i'm not sure whether he said something to me about it
but uh no anytime like someone's
gonna emulate me i'm like what are you doing hey idiot that's a one-way ticket to the coast
peckerhead being an idiot yeah yeah for those of you listening uh wit always calls me biz idiot
and so does keith yandle so uh anti-bullying campaign. Just sparked that up, hashtag.
No, man, inject the cockiness into my veins.
I love this shit.
I think the league needs more of it.
We saw at the beginning of the year when you saw Austin Matthews and Kaner going at it with that celebration thing.
I mean, those two guys are very confident in their abilities,
and I love when guys show that.
Now, it's tread lightly because all of a sudden,
the next thing you know, you go on a three-game slide
and you let in a few stinkers.
And then it's just like, hey, I'm going to revisit that question I asked you
when you were a fucking asshole to me, little punk.
But, no, I love this kid.
I think he's earned it.
And, yeah, maybe he did take it in a condescending way from the reporter.
Who knows?
But, you know, and if you're the reporter, though, you've got to love that
because you just created a sound bite that's been traveling.
So you're making a name for yourself.
So you've got to embrace it.
I hope I see more of this coming out of these young kids in the league.
Yeah, it's a nice change of pace from the way things have been
for, like, the last 90 years.
We had some festivities on Tuesday night right here in Boston. Zdeno
Char and Evander Kane, they were going at it
all night, hacking and whacking and punching
each other, and it kind of came to a head
late. Zdeno buried
Kane. I mean, fucking, it looked like
maybe he's going to get a call from the department
of player safety. We'll get to that in a sec.
Kane took an exception to it.
He actually grabbed Char from behind, pulled him down.
I'm sure you saw the clip.
We'll tweet it out from our accounts.
Z managed to get back to his feet and kind of put a little bit of a beating on Kane.
After the game, there was no hearing.
They said that Char was not going to be dragged in for any supplemental discipline.
I was surprised because, you know, he did catch Kane's melon.
It did look like that was the principal point of contact,
but I think what might help Char in this case is the fact he's so tall
because he didn't deliver a dirty hit.
There was nothing predatory about it.
He delivered textbook from his end, but because of the height differential,
he kind of caught Kane right in the fucking head.
But obviously the league doesn't see further discipline coming.
And then Kane wasn't too happy about it.
Wednesday afternoon, he tweeted out a three-blind mice gift,
an apparent reference to either the league or the referees.
I'm not sure who.
But this is great, man.
I love this entertaining stuff.
What do you got, Biz?
I'll come from a non-biased standpoint.
First of all, let's talk about the tweet.
Love that shit.
We just talked about the Bennington thing,
and I think the league needs more of this.
Very not so subtle, but I don't think the league can do any of that
as far as fine, right?
It's vague enough where he can say, hey, you can't prove what I meant by that.
Absolutely.
So I like that.
Going to Chara, I think he's at a complete disadvantage.
I think anyone is who's really tall going against a smaller guy.
Now, Evander Kane's not exactly small.
I don't think it was a predatory hit.
If he would have gotten a game, I wouldn't have been surprised
the way things are going.
As far as Kane's concerned, his wires crossed.
He's a tough customer.
He takes boxing lessons in the summer sometimes,
and I think he's gotten a few scraps over his NHL career.
Caleb Netcook.
That's right.
Was that the one in buffalo where he went after a
guy and i think they fought twice in one game so he's a tough customer and he wasn't happy about it
uh hey i think eye for an eye in this situation maybe the hit was a little high and he wasn't
happy about it char didn't end up getting games and then evander kane got to take matters into
his own hands and go after him so that goes back to why I love the old school mentality where I like guys
policing it themselves.
I don't want to get into the fucking fighting non-fighting debate.
That's my opinion on it.
And yeah,
I think,
I think it makes for just more,
more things to talk about on the spit and chicklets podcast.
Props to Evander Kane.
I mean,
say what you want,
but take some balls to go after Zidane O'Chara like that.
And that's why it is a good point, Biz.
He just completely snapped.
The feeling with Chara is so crazy, though.
I shouldn't say the feeling because I have no idea,
but I'm guessing the feeling.
Even when Kane goes in after him and gets him,
once he gets up and the refs aren't in, he's like, oh, fuck.
Because then you can just see Chara just strings anyone out he wants,
and then he can just start throwing rights over, under, doesn't matter.
But Kane stood in there and give him credit.
Now, it brings in another issue, and Jack Edwards, dude.
Oh, yeah, what's going on here?
Fuck off, Jack Edwards.
And you know what?
Like, I've been listening to this guy for so long and whatever.
Like, he does his whole thing where he's just a blatant homer,
and he's got his whole, like, comparing wins to the Revolutionary War.
No one has any clue what he's talking about.
And he says ridiculous things.
He went after, like, Steve Ott and Avery when they had that crazy game,
Dallas and
Boston years ago. Last night was with a time I was finally like this. This guy is such an idiot.
He's just a complete moron. And you know what's crazy biz is like to listen to him say what he
said last night about first he first he said Kane. He was like knocking Kane. Kane's got 27 goals, doesn't he? Forget that.
Michael Haley is out there, and he fights
David Backus.
This is after the
Characane incident.
Jack Edwards, who's never done anything
athletically in his
entire life, he's sitting there
announcing this fight, and he
has the balls to say Michael
Haley, who will probably be chopping wood in two years. Fuck you, Jack Edwards. Are you kidding me?
This kid's in the NHL and you're going after him because he's not the most skilled player because
he's he's considered a tough guy. You're going to actually call out one that he's going to be out
of the league and to what he's going to do with his life. Get the fuck out of here, dude.
Shut your mouth.
You've never done shit.
And you're going to give someone  this guy's played 500 games in the minors,
and you have a professional on NHL announcer that's saying,
this guy's going to be chopping wood in two years?
Who are you?
And it's just like  it's so frustrating to hear
because it's like he's a peewee hockey dad
and he's announcing the game
and every guy on the Bruins is his kid.
It's like, it's so, it's, homerism is one thing,
but if you're going to attack other NHL players, dude,
grow the fuck up, buddy.
Brush your teeth.
Because it's embarrassing to actually call out what somebody will do
when their NHL career is over because he's fighting a guy on your favorite team.
Wow.
That was very well said.
Fiz, as an ex-player, are you not?
But I wouldn't even chirp, guys.
And I played 202 NHL games.
I have the utmost respect for anyone who laces them up
and plays in the National Hockey League.
That's why whenever we talk about players,
I'll always come from an empathetic or sympathetic standpoint first.
Sometimes you can't defend someone where you're like,
ah, that was just plain old stupid.
I'm going to bring you through the mindset of what that guy was in
in that situation when we're describing what guys did.
But, yeah, to go after a guy for just trying to simply do his job
and, yeah, and from a guy who doesn't have much credibility.
If Jeremy Roenick's standing, it's one thing.
You can kind of disagree with the guy.
But, like, you know, I think it's fair what you just said.
I mean, I wouldn't have gone that hard on him just because I got to run into him in the press box and he's my
favorite and I'm sure I'll run into him I'll say dude I mean you're an idiot for calling out a guy
personally that's playing in the NHL that's like who are you it's like one thing I really respect
about you wit is you're not afraid of confrontation especially if you believe you're in the right and
that person was being a donkey because I think that if you did that and somebody called you out
you'd be like you know what you're right because sometimes i've i've called you out on shit and
you're like you know what biz you're right and you're you call it how it is so so at least you're
not a hypocrite about it and i believe everything you said was very fair and r.a uh what do you have
to say about that um think Jack Edwards is just
really excited because the Bruins haven't lost in regulation since January you motherfucker
perfect segue 10-0-4 in that time hey look we haven't fucking talked about them in ages
and they're they're currently third overall in the NHL and I heard today actually since Butch
Cassidy was hired Bruce Cassidy was hired the Bruins have
the second best record in the NHL ever since they did hire him and right now Calgary and Tampa are
the only two teams with more points than the Bruins basically man they've been quietly doing
it I mean we've heard about Tampa as we should and all these other teams the Bruins are kind of
I think quietly kind of just coasting by they've had goaltending all year but they've really put
it back together interestingly since Pasternak got, he's obviously the number one goal scorer.
But since he left, they've really stepped it up.
Jake DeBrusque got hot.
He's got 20 goals.
Charlie McAvoy kind of found his game.
He's been on fire lately.
David Krejci's been one of the better offensive guys in the league probably lately.
What's his face?
Carlo, Heinen, those guys, they just kind of all started gelling.
It took them a little late in the season,
but I'm feeling good about the squad.
I know you're pretending you're not a Bruins fan, but you're really out.
What do you think of the play lately?
It's just fascinating.
I can't believe. And also, I think that Johansson, man, could make a nice little addition to them.
He really could.
Nice little assist the other night he got on the DeBrus to him over to Krejci.
I think DeBrus ended up getting it.
But, yeah, I mean, they keep shocking the world.
Not shocking the world, but no one saw this coming before the year,
how good they'd be.
And for every Tuca hater, the last 18 games, whatever it's been, is filthy.
So, if he gets hot in the playoffs, maybe they beat Tampa.
games, whatever it's been, is filthy.
So if he gets hot in the playoffs, maybe they beat Tampa.
It's going to take kind of an incredible team effort and hot goaltending for them.
If they end up beating Toronto, if they do get to Tampa to beat them,
it's going to be tough.
But this season's been a wild ride for the Bruins.
I think the fans are fired up because not many people saw it happen.
You know, you guys have said enough about it.
I'm just going to rehash the fact that Cassidy's done an unbelievable job. And even when they went down with some injuries on the back end,
I think they had five or six regular defensemen out at one point in the season.
And they actually came into town and played the Coyotes, beat them 2-1.
And the Boston beat the Coyotes 2-1.
And, you know, when you can kind of stay afloat going through all those injuries
and still win games, and then now, of course,
guys are getting more and more healthy, yeah,
I think they're going to be a tough team to beat come playoff time.
So I commend them and everything they've done.
And looking at the other side of teams going in different directions,
the Detroit Red Wings, man, they'd had an absolute disaster of a game
versus the Canadians Tuesday night.
It was an 8-1 final.
They were just terrible.
What stood out was the post-game comments.
What's his name? Nicholas Cronwell.
He's basically the elder spokesman
for the Red Wings. I've never seen a guy
he kept it together, but you could see the anger
just coming off him. He spoke for about two or three
minutes and just about the effort
and how even with professionals, you still have to show up.
You still have to play.
What's his name?
Locken, come on.
Dylan Locken, Franz Nielsen, the coach.
They were all coming and talking, but they were saying all these same things,
Biz, about effort and you've got to show up.
These are the type of things I think you hear before a coach gets fired.
Blaisdell's been pretty good there.
The first year he made the playoffs, but the last three years,
they haven't done anything, and they don't have a great roster.
I mean, you can't really expect them to do too much,
but you wonder if the skids are going to get greased for this guy.
It's his fourth season.
It's been a rough one.
You think he's there for the long haul or what?
They got some decisions to make there, but Nicholas Cronwall,
I know him and just the ultimate pro. We say it about a lot
of guys on here, but I mean, he's been there for a long time and learned from some incredible
players and leaders. And he kind of knows that it's just unacceptable when lack of effort is
why you're losing. And that's not the only reason that they're losing, right? They're overmatched
roster wise, but still, you still can give that effort. So for him not to see that after
playing with Lidstrom, playing with
Lofalski, Chelios,
and Zetterberg, Cromwell's seen
everyone and he's seen how it was done, how it's
supposed to be done. So it probably disgusts
him and I don't really blame him. But
having said that, the Red Wings
need to have a good draft. That's kind of where they're
headed. Who knows? Maybe they end up getting
the first pick. Jack Hughes being there would be nice also that finish kid i think capo
caco was that his name capo caco i love saying that name even if it's incorrect but he's kind of
firing up the draft boards too where it's not necessarily done deal jack hughes but still um
detroit's going to need to have a good draft to get things figured out in the future
because right now it's just they're rebuilding.
They're retooling.
So who knows how long the coach will be there.
That's got to suck for Cronwall going from having such legendary teams
and then all of a sudden you're getting smoked 8-1 by the Canadians.
So, I mean, to use an example,
it would be like if you're making a million bucks a year for a job, and then all of a sudden a year later you're getting paid
100,000 for the same job.
And you're just like, where the fuck's my motivation here?
I know I'm not going to win.
And he's a guy who could probably help another locker room.
I'm curious to know if maybe they're thinking about moving him
in the next couple years.
I don't know how long he has left signed, but he's played for about 15 years now, I think.
Forever.
It's just cronwalling people.
He cronwalled Bugsy, broke his nose in the first game of the cup finals.
Oh, speaking of Bugsy, did you see that tweet that Hockey Fight sent out
the other day?
It was Bugsy, and it was mic'd up.
Yeah, and call me.
Call me.
Remember that, too.
Call me.
You want to go?
He's like, yeah, okay.
Yeah. That was mic'd up. Yeah, and call me. Call me. I remember that, too. Call me. You want to go? He's like, yeah, okay. Yeah, yeah.
That was pretty funny stuff.
He's like, hey, call me.
You want one?
You want one?
I think we were down at the time, Boggs.
He's trying to get the boys going.
Yeah, and call me a bludge.
It's pretty funny stuff.
We've got an AHL note this week as well.
I want to give a shout-out to the AHL Bakersfield Condors,
the Edmonton's farm team.
They've won a most impressive 17 straight games.
The streak started back January 12th.
They swept all their games in February, all nine of them.
As for the AHL record, Bakersfield definitely has their work cut out for them.
They would need to win another 12 games in a row to break the record.
28 straight wins the Norfolk Admirals pulled off in the 2011-2012 season.
28 straight, not only an AHL record, it's also a pro hockey record.
Next up, the Condors are playing the Iowa Wild.
We were just talking about them.
They're playing them Friday night.
They're going to look to extend their streak to 18 games,
which coincidentally was the previous record for pro hockey
before Norfolk smashed it.
So good luck to the Condors.
And they actually have a local guy, Ryan Holt.
He's a South Shore guy with North Weymouth.
He does the broadcasting for them.
So good job to the Condors.
I don't know if they're going to break that record,
but I'd like to acknowledge guys in other leagues when they're doing well.
Well, absolutely.
Not only that, but we never have much positive Edmonton Oilers talk,
and that's their farm team.
I mean, I should probably stop there, but fuck,
they're getting spanked again by the Toronto Maple Leafs or did by the Toronto Maple Leafs on Wednesday night.
So I don't know.
Jesus Christ, man.
Are they tanking again?
Do they want that number one overall pick?
I think they saw Detroit's game and they're like, oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah, you want to tank?
Two can play at this game, Red Wings.
I'll show you a tank.
We're the number one tankers to ever live.
How many number one picks have they had?
They had Hall, Nugent Hopkins, Yakupov, McDavid.
So four.
So four in the last, what is that, 10 years?
Eight years?
Well, they might get another one.
They might get Hughesy up there.
I think Mark Giordano, by the way.
Mark Giordano, shout out to that guy
could win the norris this year probably possibly should win the norris 60th point tonight he's only
the fourth ever defenseman 35 or older i believe to get 60 points so um pretty incredible season
and career for that guy and going back to detroit actually uh crronwall is an unrestricted free agent this summer.
So I don't know, man.
I'd see that guy fitting in on a perfect team that's ready to make another run.
Hey, maybe a Toronto.
Go revisit Babcock.
There you go.
I'm breaking news right now.
Insider.
Commie does it.
If Cronwall plays next year, it's in Toronto.
Biz said so.
Yep.
Insider.
Biz, you got a few other notes there.
Didn't you want to challenge our brains for a change?
Oh, well, guess who's back in the news again?
LeBron James.
Shocker, shocker.
Their team keeps getting smoked,
and this guy keeps posting about himself on Instagram
like he's God's gift to basketball,
which, hey, listen, some of you love him
and think he's the greatest all time.
I'm telling you this right now.
I don't give a shit if he doubles all of Michael Jordan's numbers.
He'll never be the greatest ever.
And I'm almost taking over wit for the wit rants about basketball because it's pathetic.
It's fucking pathetic.
And I'm going to pass it over to you because I don't want to say anything I'm going to
regret wit.
No, I said it on part of my take.
It's just embarrassing.
It's a horrible look to be the guy who tells your teammates what to do and what you need
to do to be successful and how you need to act and then to just slap them in the face
by doing the complete opposite.
It's just something you don't see too often.
So do all you want.
Yeah, you're an incredible player, but i don't i don't know in
a lot of people's minds i think forever they're just going to consider you just a very selfish
uh all about me i i i type of guy and who the hell wants to be remembered like that
should i read the caption it says i literally have no words as he proceeds to write more. I guess like real Cole world,
which is Jay Cole said,
even when the dark out,
the sun is shining somewhere.
Pretty sure that was a stolen quote to throw it at all.
No matter good or bad.
Appreciate the journey.
Thank you to all who continue to take this journey with me,
which,
Hey,
listen,
there's some nice words here,
but they just got beat again.
And it was a post about himself.
Only player in top 10 all-time in points and assists.
Athleticism, ability.
Listen, the guys, him and Jordan are neck and neck.
He might even be better than Jordan, but Jordan was the man.
He would never, ever have posted this.
He wouldn't even be on Instagram.
So I'm done with that rant.
There is a few other things I had in my notepad here.
Didn't you do a pillow talk with Nasher?
That's right.
That's what I was going to talk about.
So we do these pillow talks that just bring up old stories.
And because Shane Doan had his jersey retirement, we implemented him.
And Shane Doan brought up a story because Tyson Nash is the other guy that does it with me
uh funny bastard Shane Doan brought up the story of when they were in Vegas one time hanging out
and they were at the ghost bar at the palms and sure shit Nicole Kidman was sitting not too far
away from him and and Tyson Nash is a handsome guy and and he has long flow and it kind of looks
like a little bit like Tom Cruise,
I guess.
They were joking out a bit in the pillow talk, but just with a bigger nose.
And Nashville will tell you he's got a huge snout.
And Nicole Kidman was eyeing him up.
And as he was walking back, he sat down at the table and he goes,
did you guys see that?
And sure as shit, if you guys were confirmed, they're like, yeah,
I think she's fucking India. So he did another loser lap like a few minutes later and sure sure shit if you guys were confirmed they're like yeah i think she she's fucking india
so he did another loser lap like a few minutes later and and sure shit she was staring him down
she was hungry for tyson nash tyson nash's his wife was there and she basically goes hey if you
can wheel the cole kidman you do you buddy wow so i'll pass so so she's getting up to leave and you could tell,
she tells her security guard, like, Hey, like I I'm good.
So he walks away and Nasher gets up,
walks over to her and he said he panicked last second. And he was like,
I really like your work. Oh,
she went thanks and walked away. And he's like, no, no,
it was like a George Costanza moment. She went, thanks, and walked away. And he's like, no, no, no.
It was like a George Costanza moment.
So Grinnelli's going to post it and do a blog about it.
Hilarious story.
Tyson Nass is self-deprecating just like us.
And we really enjoyed the story.
And I know I said it last episode, but I thank him for everything he's done for me and being a great mentor to the media world.
That's beautiful.
Yeah, that stuff you guys do.
He's got a nice little tan too.
He's got a nice little tan on him.
He works out.
He actually owns five Orange Theories in Tucson.
Does he really?
Yeah, he's doing really well for himself.
Owns what, Paul?
Yeah, Orange Theory is a gym workout class.
That's why I didn't care. That's why I didn't care.
That's why I didn't know what it was.
Wait, World Guy?
You're not going to worry about that.
You're like, wait, workout?
What?
Those two go together?
All right, boys.
I had a lot of fun tonight.
A lot of good stuff to talk about.
It was a lot of fun.
And we want to say thanks once again to Brent Burns and Kevin Conley.
And also, if you're out this weekend, try some New Amsterdam vodka.
Make yourself a Pink Whitney.
Most popular drink right out there right now.
So enjoy your Pink Whitney's.
Everybody, have a great weekend, and we'll see you on Monday.
Peace.
Wow, babe.
You make my heart sing.
You make everything groovy.
Wild thing.
