Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 155 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to everybody this fine Sunday. Let's go to our producer first.
Mix us up a little. Mikey Grinelli, what's going on there, guy?
What's up, boys? I just want to give a quick apology to Biz.
I laughed at you a lot this season when you said the Yotes were a wagon, and I think you've finally proved us right.
That's okay.
I accept your apology.
I appreciate that.
And there's our other co-host, Paul Bissonnette.
Biz Nasty, what's up, buddy?
Where are you right now?
I am in Arizona.
Big win last night against the Detroit Wedwings.
And why did you go, huh?
Did you say Wedwings?
You sound like Elmer Fudd there for a second.
Yeah, I know.
I knew you would pick up the
movie reference but uh no it's it's been fun boys it makes it a lot easier to call games when the
boys are buzzing we'll get that into that a little bit later i don't want to hop over right away and
last but not least orion whitney what's going on buddy how are you boys uh pleasure to be here biz
i also gotta pump your tires a little bit because I'm flicking through the channels last night
and your game ends and they still got the post-game coverage on.
I don't know why.
Sometimes that just kind of cuts out right when the game ends.
Sure enough, you're in the middle of the table.
You guys were interviewing Archibald, I believe.
And you put the girl that you work with in the biggest mental pretzel
I've ever seen when you called her out for calling his shot a muffin.
She's like, ah, I didn't know.
Me and Jody are cool.
I mean, those are supposed to be fun.
No, no, it was the girl.
She just died.
She's like, no, I didn't mean to say that.
Yeah, yeah, she's so nice.
She's like, no, no, I didn't mean to insult him.
I'm like, no, you did.
I'm like, you said he shot a muffin and he scored on it.
No, and then you said, what do you say about me when I'm not around?
I was actually laughing on the couch, buddy.
It was great, great.
Oh, I appreciate that. Yeah. How are you on the couch, buddy. It was great. Great. I appreciate that.
Yeah.
How are you guys doing?
All right.
Doing all right.
Dude, should I tell the dog shit story now?
I was going to say you're not all right.
You seem pretty upset today when you came on the call.
A little heated.
We got a little bit of snow up here in Boston Saturday morning.
It's afternoon when I get up because I sleep late.
And, you know, doing a little shoveling.
There's a big mound of dog shit, like close enough to my house
where it's underneath the roof so the shit didn't even get snowed on.
And, you know, you're right, right, because it's a city, man.
People are supposed to clean up after their dog shit.
And I remember, like, my father-in-law has a camera
because I get the first floor apartment or condo, whatever,
at my father-in-law's place.
He's got cameras all over the place.
So the motion sensor, so when someone enters it, it clicks on.
So I had him check it.
And lo and behold,
six o'clock in the morning,
some donkey out walking his pooch.
Dog drops a fucking heater right in the sidewalk.
He gives the look around the peak around,
but then he looks up at the last second,
right in the fucking camera.
Like he knows he's busted.
So I'm not going to give too many details on him,
but my eyes out for him.
I'm going to find out.
I'm going to call him home when he has his pops out one day.
I'm going to fucking put shit all over his doorstep and see how he
likes it. Clean up after your dogs,
people. Especially in the city, it's disgusting.
Guys, I have to be honest
and I'm not going to be a hypocrite. There
has been a time where I have not picked up
my dog shit. I truly
believe on this planet, everyone
who has a dog has at least
done that one time. If you've done it
one, if you're doing it all the
time sure now what i would love to happen uh is for this guy to like be out to get you and
continually has this dog shit on your property because then we have more content and maybe we
can get these uh what do you call it the nest yeah the nest camera system there maybe we'll
have listen if it if it like, if this happens again
and he figures out when you guys aren't home,
so you'll actually never be there, right?
I mean, you have the same work hours every day.
He's like, I'm going to bury a big fat dump on this guy's porch
every single day with my dog.
I'm not the only male who lives under this roof,
so he can roll those dice if he wants to.
Oh, wow.
He's ready to chuck them nooks.
Yeah, man man it's just
fucking foul you know it's like yeah i'm actually shocked that that bothers you that much based on
like you know you what would you realistically realistically do to him like if you saw him do
it like or what will you do if you find out who it is well i mean instagram live i've had it happen
like my old place but yeah really make him watch watch your Instagram live well we used to do the show
it's there was a guy like I don't know if he was
walking his dog and the dog was got away from
him he was running around the dog just while he was running like
shit right practically on my stairs and
and like the guy was chasing the dog I was like hey
I was like you're coming back to clean
this shit up he's like yeah I'll be back in a minute he did
come back with a bag and cleaned up after his dog but yeah
he fucking you got them right I'm gonna say something
to somebody but if I see him like and he doesn't see me i'm gonna fucking follow see
where he goes and then he's gonna get a nice little shit bomb waiting for him so okay well
for you those of you who've never left your dog shit there you you can chirp me and and uh and
join in on the the ra rant but i'm not i'm no hypocrite i'm not perfect and uh speaking of
dog shit uh let's go up to Ottawa, the Ottawa Senators.
That's pretty good right there. It's pretty smooth.
A little segue. They finally fired Guy Boucher.
I shouldn't say finally fired him.
They did fire Guy Boucher and they mocked Crawford, the interim head coach.
Of course, in true Senators fashion, they did say Pierre Dorian did tell the Ottawa Sun Thursday
that the decision on Boucher would be made after the season.
And then, like, within 24 hours, they fucking fired him,
which obviously came from up top.
You know, Boucher had some early success.
He got that team to the conference finals in 2017,
and then that's been all downhill since then.
He's the seventh coach fired this year.
I mean, I don't know.
They traded their top five scores from last season.
He didn't have a lot to work with.
But I'm curious if they're going to stick with Crawford.
He's kind of an old-school, hot-ass guy ass guy biz what's your take on the fire in here who
knows the nhl loves to recycle coaches and they like guys who have been around a little while i
mean you've seen with with carlisle and and uh and how long he got to stick around and come back
um fuck i mean there are so many colossal things that have happened over the last few years to that organization
where it's really difficult to pinpoint anything.
Credit it to poor moves and just bad luck.
And, I mean, fuck the Uber video, the drama with Carlson.
Like, fuck, man, those fans deserve better.
It's a shame.
A Canadian market should not be suffering like that.
And then to make matters even worse uh the arena situation they're they're about 30 minutes out of town and
hey even in canada if you have an arena 30 minutes out of downtown if you're not putting a good
product on the ice you're not going to get fans and and that's where they're at now so um they do
have a few young studs on that team and they can build around, so it could be worse.
I guess to make matters even worse is the fact that they're probably going to get
the first overall pick, and they're going to have to give it away
to fucking Colorado.
A little cherry on top for you as Senators fans.
Yeah, that's  oh, my.
You know what?
The craziest thing about all this was the game against Tampa,
Crawford's first game.
It was like a U.S. versus Kazakhstan World Junior Moneyline.
It was minus 550.
Have you ever seen that in the NHL, RA?
I have.
I'm not sure if I saw it this early in the season.
Usually you see that. Minus 550, and then Tampa pumped them 5-1.
I mean, there's nothing there.
I shouldn't say nothing.
There's some players there. I mean, there's nothing there. I shouldn't say nothing. There's some players there.
I mean, some really good young players.
But, you know, as you said, Biz, it's a disaster.
And I'm very interested to see if maybe we could talk to Mark Frazier.
You remember him, Biz?
The pro  I played 12 years pro.
I saw some tweets by him saying how kind of upset he is with Eugene Melnick
and the whole arena situation.
And then somebody else tweeted him saying,
you should come out and just discuss this.
And he said something to the extent of, yeah, you know, playing there,
part of that organization was the worst experience I had in my 12 years.
So obviously guys there are upset about things.
You don't have all of the best players leave.
I mean, they haven't had any of them stay.
They're all leaving.
So that doesn't happen without some behind-the-scenes things going on
that are not NHL level, that are not what is expected
and what guys now understand is the norm in living life as an NHL player.
I mean, it doesn't sound great to hear if you're an Ottawa fan,
but that's just the facts right now.
Yeah, that's not a dig at Ottawa fans.
If they don't want to go support that team based on all these crazy moves
that have happened and the situation with the owner,
how do I say this without fucking pissing people off?
I would just say it.
Well, guys catch wind of what it's like to play there
and the way that they're treated compared to other teams.
Talk about having a tough time to draw free agents as it is.
You're crippling your organization by that.
And, I mean, there's other organizations that have a hard time
getting free agents based off location and, of course,
what the brass in front office is like.
So they're not doing themselves any favors.
And I think it starts at the top with the owner. And like I said,
that's not a dig on him.
That's just based off all the information that I've been provided on that
insane tweet thread. Yeah. Well,
before you go into that, all right. I do want to say that when I'm saying
treatment off the ice,
like I wouldn't want anyone to construe that in terms of medical staff
and the locker room and the equipment managers.
I'm not talking that.
I'm talking higher up.
So you don't want to make sure these guys that work their bag off
are maybe being misinterpreted as the guys who are the issues.
So go ahead into this tweet thread.
I didn't even see this, so explain it to me.
I missed this one.
Yeah, there was a sentence thread. I'm not sure if it went viral. I don't even see this, so explain it to me. I missed this one. Yeah, there was a sentence thread.
I'm not sure if it went viral. I don't know what
qualifies as viral nowadays, but
you asked me to read it, Wits, and I said,
if you thought me reading all the Seattle potential
nicknames was wrong, then we'd be here for days
reading this fucking thread. I'm almost
tempted. Oh my God.
This might be a four-hour podcast.
Seriously,
it's got to be, I'm looking probably a 20 tweet thread
and it's got like three or four bullet points in each.
But rather than obviously read every single bullet point,
here's just a couple of samples that I'll put in quotes.
Larry Flint, choking hazard,
no money for ushers in the upper deck.
And this is probably my favorite.
Where is it?
Play a lights friend's girlfriend on
fire like i mean choking hazard it's just all this crazy random ridiculous stuff that has happened
not even on the ice just off the ice but i don't think there's a franchise in sports that even
even comes close i mean they got up they're on a bad luck run right now because i was reading
through it and i'm like jesus christ man they had like four colossal things off ice they had the
what was it had the president who
I don't know if he was joking around with the Uber
driver, but nowadays, he
ended up getting charged with sexual assault.
And then, as you mentioned, the one guy
lighting the other guy's buddy on fire by accident.
And then, of course, the Uber thing
and the Carlson thing. It's just like, holy fucking shit.
Yeah, it's almost unimaginable.
Yeah, Melnick High is the Larry
Flint lawyer to represent Randy Lee,
and Randy Lee was the assistant GM who was accused of, I don't know if it was sexual,
so he basically was coming on to a driver who was driving him somewhere.
It was an ugly episode.
They ended up firing him.
But, I mean, honestly, I don't know if you could take a team in pro sports
and do a threat.
Mind you, this is all since losing Game 7 of the Eastern Conference Final.
This all happened just in the last two years. If you if you got if you got a couple hours take a look at it because
what's the twitter handle uh that's a good call the twitter handle is at ryan classic r-y-a-n
classic pretty much how how it sounds that'll take me half an hour to find um all right i think we
can move on from that we kind of of got pretty in-depth in that.
Absolutely. A little negative. Let's try to turn it a little
positive here, all right? Yeah, a little positive.
Before we do get a little positive, we didn't
want to mention we do have Ryan Bugsy
Malone, going to be joining the show a little later in a
hilarious interview. And also
speaking of hilarious, we haven't got to
the Isles Toronto yet because we're saving it.
We have Frankie, the pizza maker,
Borelli, and Sean Avery on at the same time.
We have a great little fan versus player interaction.
Diana, drop that with you. That's going to be coming up
in just a little bit. But first,
also Saturday night, Jerome McGinley had his
number 12 retired by Calgary.
Nice ceremony. Our boy, Commie, was in the house.
I saw him there. Just the third
flame to have his number retired in the 47
year life of the franchise. Lenny McDonald
and Mike Vernon, the other two.
I mean, again, we've talked about him on the show plenty of times.
Unreal player, one of the generational talents we were lucky to see,
had that epic 0-4 run, Calgary-Tampa.
Of course, he was drafted by Dallas, one of the great, all-time great trades.
Dallas guy Joe Neuendijk ended up winning the title that little bit after that trade.
Of course, Calgary had Gilmer for pretty much his whole career.
Whitney, you played against him.
What do you got to say about a Gilmer?
Just a complete beast.
I mean, when you think of like the modern day, I don't know, like Cam Neely-ish.
I mean, he was just a power forward who could fight.
He was mean.
He could score.
He could do it all. I was,
I was really actually excited to watch that entire ceremony because he's a guy
that for me, I mean, I, the whole time I was in the league,
he was in the league and he was dominating for a lot of it.
So it's, it's cool for me now to see these guys that I played against getting
their, their numbers retired and having these special nights,
because I appreciate it more having gone against them.
And, dude, I remember he just out-muscled me in front of the Oilers
and that one time he just buried one for Calgary.
He might have done it earlier in the play, but either way,
I took a tough minus on it, and I just remember thinking,
this guy is hard to play against because he would get pissed off
and then go even harder.
It's like the guy you don't want to piss off.
And like I said, not afraid to fight. Quickly, before we go
into more of this, I was dying laughing. You mentioned Kami was there. I saw Kami sent out a
tweet in the afternoon. Someone asked him, hey, Kami, I'm headed to the Dome this evening to
watch my hero have his number raised to the rafters. And I was wondering, do I floor it at
the ceremony or should I wait till puck drop or
both call me right back good afternoon dyson i am heading to the dome tonight also here's the game
plan for this special evening as soon as you get to the dome crush run quick then double fist it
to your seat make those two last the entire ceremony just just sip it as soon as the ceremony
concludes floor it so when i saw call me sitting on the stage, I was like,
oh, you know he's buzzing right now.
He couldn't have his two beers at his feet, unfortunately.
But a great night, some great speeches.
And, yeah, I mean, Biz, you know how much of an animal he was to play against.
Yeah, I mean, you pretty much touched on it all.
What a fucking career.
625 goals, man.
I know.
He's got to be in the top ten all the time then, right? Great question. I a fucking career. 625 goals, man. I know. He's got to be what?
He's got to be in the top 10 all the time then, right?
Great question. I don't know.
I'm about to stack. I know, dude.
Damn. I wish I could just answer you that. I'm going to say right now, yes.
I'm going to say
no, he isn't. I don't want
to go too much in depth.
Congratulations to Jerome on an unbelievable career.
Congratulations on getting your jersey retired. And just ditto what wit said the guy was a beast
and uh an innovator and and another guy another uh colored player who kind of helped pave the way
yeah definitely because when he came into the league like there weren't that many black guys
no i mean like it's gotten progressively better and better so it's it's
it's cool he was yeah oh mark frazier as well tweeted out uh something about uh jerome said
when he met him when he was six years old like he you know when you meet your fuck the star the guy
you look up to and you're like oh like sometimes you almost don't even want to because what if it
goes poorly or like you know he was in a rush and he snubs you he said it was he was overwhelmed he ended up getting a sign stick and he posted about it so
uh congratulations to jerome on also being an incredible ambassador uh the video too that they
had was oh it was narrated perfectly it was just an awesome video that they released i'm sure you
can see it online but uh the stat that blew me away on it was that every year he was captain he led the team in
scoring i mean every single year he had to see he was their leading scorer as well he stayed healthy
oh god i don't want to i don't want 16th by the way 16th all-time in goals okay well there you go
i was so i was right all right i feel like now is a good time to mention the the racist guy
in quebec quickly uh i've been getting a few tweets about it i mean i watched that video um I feel like now's a good time to mention the racist guy in Quebec quickly.
I've been getting a few tweets about it.
I mean, I watched that video.
I think I might have saw it on George Rock's page because he was commenting on it and he got involved.
And I mean, fuck, man.
Like, it's 2019, man.
We're still dealing with this type of shit.
I mean, and it's sad.
It's sad that people think that way.
And part of you almost has to feel sorry for them. Because if that's how they believe and that's how they were raised, it's sad. It's sad that people think that way. And part of you almost has to feel sorry for them
because if that's how they believe and that's how they were raised,
it's just like they're so beyond the times.
It's gross.
So, I mean, it's nice that he was shunned online.
And, I mean, that's just like there's no place for that.
I don't really know what else to say about it other than that.
Yeah, I just feel it's unfortunate. And i just think it's something unfortunate that we're
gonna have to hear about often and more often because i think it's born of ignorance and when
you're having you know the growth of the game with more minorities playing that's going to be more
white people who are exposed to minorities that they weren't before and these incidents unfortunately
are going to keep happening and i mean you can educate all you want but it just sucks i mean it
sucks that it happens and you just hope that people, adults,
again, this is on the adults.
The kids are going to do what kids are going to do.
The adults have to set the tone, and they have to, you know,
do the right thing.
And hopefully we don't have to report on these anymore.
Unfortunately, like you said, Biz, it's 2019,
and that's probably not going to be the case.
Well said, R.A.
Thanks.
But meanwhile, back on the NHLl a couple things before we get to the
crazy italian barelli and sean avery uh the ducks did sign jacob silverberg to a five-year 26.20
25 million dollar extension uh before he became a ufa this summer uh the 28 year old ford he's a
solid two-way player he's a two-time 20 goal scorer he's on track for another one this year
would already get 16 goals it's a nice pickup by the Ducks. Another note, Derek Stepien of the new, I think maybe the newest wagon in the league,
the Arizona Coyotes.
He got hurt Thursday night.
He hurt his knee.
He's going to be able to four to six weeks.
Could be back before the regular season ends.
Rick Tarkett said, quote, he's a little down, but he said he wants to be an assistant coach
for a little while.
He's hired, end quote.
It's definitely going to put a hole in the lineup.
He's fourth in the team on points.
Leads all the Coyotes.
They're averaging 19 minutes, 22 seconds of ice time.
Biz, yet another injury, but this makes it with the Coyotes doing more impressive, man.
I tell you what, man.
They're getting it done by committee.
A lot of guys are elevating their games right now.
They've had  I think they've lost the most man games all season to injury
throughout the whole league.
And just when you think they're out of the woods
because they're starting to get guys back,
Grabner's coming back soon.
Jason Demers is coming back soon.
They just got back to Vorak.
And, man, they lose their top center.
With Schmaltz, who went down when they picked him up from the trade,
he was playing with Keller as first-line center.
Derek Stepon filled in awesome at second-line center.
But then when Schmaltz went down, he had to bump bump up tougher line matches and he's done an incredible job defensively and
he hasn't put up the offensive points that he typically does based on the fact that he's had
such a heavy load on and shutting these teams down their first lines anyway so credit the
Coyotes man they got six wins in a row They were in a playoff spot for a brief moment,
and then Minnesota ended up beating Calgary.
So I've said it a few times on the podcast.
It's going to be tough not to give it to trots,
but if they're able to sneak in, the Coyotes' Rick Tockett
should definitely be considered for Coach of the Year,
and if not, runner-up.
Even if they don't make playoffs, I'd consider them runner-up.
No doubt about it.
Doing a great job there.
But I think it's time for a little rascability in the show right now.
I think we should bring on Frankie Borelli and Sean Avery.
These two, they had a lot of shit to say about each other earlier in the week,
so we thought it would be great to get them together here,
and they don't disappoint.
So, ladies and gentlemen, Frankie Borelli and Sean Avery.
This interview is brought to you by Edge Again.
Are you sick of paying hundreds of dollars every season for skate sharpenings just to get an edge?
We have the answer for you, and it's called Edge Again.
Edge Again is a handheld skate sharpening tool that, for the past few years,
pros and trainers around the league have been using, and now it's available to fans at edgeagain.com.
Edge Again uses its patented TUS technology developed by the engineers at Magna,
which have been created to work with any blade,
regardless of your hollow or your steel.
So that really matters.
Doesn't matter how you get in your skate sharpened,
the handheld edge again,
sharpen skates in seconds and won't mess up like skate stones or other cheap
devices that you can end up screwing up your entire blade.
A few quick glides of the edge again over your blade and you'll be back on
the ice in no time.
Sniping visit edge again.com and receive 40 off by using the promo code
bar stool.
In addition to the player units,
we also have tools for goalies and figure skaters as well as powered
sharpener for in the room and trainers on the bench edge.
Again,
normally sells for 39 99 by using the promo code barstool.
It'll be only 24 bucks for Canadian customers and 18 in the U S big old deal
for you guys for American listeners.
Remember the website is in Canadian currency.
So enjoy the exchange rate discount,
visit edge again.com and never lose your edge again.
All right.
Well now a big guest for us,
um, a complete guest for us.
A complete peasant, but a good guy at the same time. Diehard Islanders
fan, Frankie Borelli, who
was embarrassing himself with the sign
at his dad's restaurant and the way
that his fan base was acting, but I'd love
to hear your thoughts, your impressions,
how the night went.
Oh man, what an intro.
I'll say this off the top that uh the only people that
i would ever miss the beginning of an islanders tailgate to which i am right now is spitting
chiclets this is the only time that i would not go to the coliseum parking lot to start grilling
the burgers but um yeah i mean i know this is going to be a hostile conversation because i saw
you guys i saw ra all over twitter i mean ra hasn't been talking as much on twitter and probably
since the last Rolling Stones
Fucking album's been released
I mean I've never seen someone so passionate
About hating the fucking Islanders and our fan base
I mean there's been a lot of heat on us
But what are we supposed to do
This was a guy
That left us
After saying that he was going to stay
That's the only reason we did this
The choice to leave is not what we're mad at We understand that he was going to stay. That's the only reason we did this. The choice to leave is not what we got met is not what we're mad at. We understand that he has every, he has every
single option in the world to be able to go take money and go back to his hometown and play where
he wanted to, but it's how he did it. That's the only reason why we're mad. And I don't know why
people and other fan bases can't see that. So you're strictly upset at the fact that you could
not gain assets back based on the fact that you think he lied. Now I didn't, I didn't see that. So you're strictly upset at the fact that you could not gain assets back based on the fact that you think he lied.
Now I didn't,
I didn't see or hear any audio of him saying,
yeah,
I'm coming back.
Like maybe,
maybe like at the beginning of last year or,
you know,
but it got to a point where,
where maybe he was like,
fuck man,
I'm not liking the changes.
Everybody's surprised that they're in a playoff spot.
Let's not forget that.
And he went as far as to go meet with all these other teams.
Like his decision hadn't been made.
Like he had a life-altering decision.
And, of course, it didn't go your way.
My biggest thing is the way you guys have been handling it.
After that video came out, I was like, okay, that was cringeworthy.
The video was horrible.
It was horrible.
The video was bad.
The video was really bad.
And Conn directed it.
As bad as the video was, though, like, let's think about this.
People were throwing objects at an NHL star on the ice.
That is fucking insane, man.
Like, that's going too far.
Yeah.
But there's always going to be a vocal minority or someone that does
something that's going to catch, that's going to be caught on camera right like philly always argues about this where it's like yeah
we do have scumbag and i'll embrace it that i think the islanders are this like we are like
a greasy disgusting fan base that is lost i mean we have italians like my my name is frankie
barelli and i own an italian restaurant across the street from the coliseum like that that is
who we are we're not going to say that we're this, like, classy,
we show up to the game in our suits and our jackets
and we clap every time someone back checks.
Like, we don't look into, like, the intricacies of hockey.
We just want, like, we like when Matt Martin goes out there
and he's banging people with Cal Clutterbuck.
You're so dumb.
What a dummy.
We love, like, fourth-line grinders,
and we love to boo people when they leave their franchise after.
All right, everyone says John Tavares gave everything to the New York Islanders.
What did he give us?
Yes, he played great for like a mediocre team,
but we won one playoff series.
In the end, like wouldn't you like rag on any other guy for winning?
Time out, man.
He was not critical of the situation he was put in,
and he didn't Eric Lindros.
He didn't say, yeah, no, I'm not going to Long Island.
That guy put  how many years did he play there?
Almost 10.
And hold on, Frankie.
They gave him nothing.
He was stuck on an island with nothing to help, no one to help.
You guys always say that.
You guys always say that.
His last five years, they got 101 points.
They made the playoffs.
They got 100 points the next year.
They made the second round of the playoffs.
The next year, they had 94 points and missed by one point.
He had every opportunity to be the guy and bring this team
and, like, surprise everyone.
It's not like they were, like  it's not like John Tavares was on a team
that was whittling away with 85 points, 65 points, 22 points.
In the last five years, when his build and when all the work that he put in
to making this franchise into something that he wanted to play for,
he left at the end of it.
Like, this team is now in a spot where they can be a competitive franchise.
They have great assets in the minor league, in the AHL.
They have great assets over the pond.
I mean, they have, like, one of the best goalies in Russia, Ilya Sorokin.
Oh, yeah. Those guys always pan out. Over the pond? You mean, they have like one of the best goalies in Russia, Ilya Sorokin. Oh, yeah.
Those guys always pan out over the pond.
You got them in the British League, Frankie.
Hey, hold on, Frankie.
Quickly.
I don't want to hear about the Islanders' futures
and what they got in the minors right now.
I'm talking about this present date and this issue, right?
I think that Sean Avery actually said it best
when describing what he did give you guys.
And you could say it wasn't a lot, but when Avery
it made me laugh when he said he didn't get arrested.
I mean, that goes without saying.
Tavares was a great guy in the community.
His teammates loved him.
He showed up to play.
He never bitched.
He never said anything.
And then at the end, he decided he wanted to go home.
And you say it's about how he did it.
But the hatred that he's getting now from you guys is so pathetic.
And my question with Avery was after he gave his little spiel that we'll go
into,
you went right at him.
You personally attacked him.
You called him wax face.
I mean,
like,
would you say that to his face?
No pun intended.
No,
I'm not.
No,
I'm not going to say that to his plastic candle of a face,
but I mean, who's he to stand on this higher moral ground
to talk about people's fan bases and being classy?
He's the biggest scumbag in NHL history.
Borelli, before the season started, like when they picked up Matt Martin again
and they got Kamarov from Toronto, let's all be real here.
It was essentially like, oh, my God, this team's going to be a laughingstock
next year.
I credit every fucking guy in that lineup for what they've they've overachieved all season
uh lenner is having a bounce back year uh nobody knew what thomas grice was going to put up their
back end has been solid obviously trots has helped out enormously nobody nobody if you had to put
your life on it would you have guessed that they would have made playoffs this year and that's
probably what john taavares was thinking.
It's like, man, I don't want to keep grinding it out
to maybe make it to the first or second round.
He's going to be with the Leafs for another fucking seven years
or six after this year.
They have a contender.
I say more so than Long Island.
If I had to guess, I'd say
they win more playoff series over that
period of time than Long
Island does. You don't know that Long
Island's not going to shit the bed
next year.
Everything has gone right
for that team this year.
Valid.
I agree.
I will say that I told
Glennie Balls always takes these prop bets and he keeps them on his phone,
and whenever you forget about what you say, he reminds you in his notes.
But I think in September, I said this team was going to have over 87 points.
So I did have somewhat of a thought that this team was going to show up.
That sounds very appealing to a free agent that can go back to his hometown.
It's like, oh, yeah, I think maybe we could fucking scratch and claw to get a wild card.
All right, but I understand that his choice to go to Toronto Maple Leafs
wasn't the incorrect choice.
I understand he has every right to do what he did.
He should go and win a championship.
It's because he said we could have traded him.
We could have made our franchise into something that, like, you know,
look at what everyone's doing now. Dude, maybe he thought. that like, you know, maybe he thought that's the problem though.
Whitney,
that's the problem.
You can't,
you can't.
Okay.
When you're deciding the rest of your,
your life,
the rest of your professional career,
you can't change your mind one day because of some fans,
dude,
why would you worry about fans?
You're worrying about yourself and your own future.
You fucking Muppet.
Why would he care?
One day he wanted to be an Islander.
And then three weeks later, he's like, you know what? I do not want to do this.
I thought I did. I don't. I'm going to Toronto.
It was after the deadline and it was too late
and in the end it was his decision.
He's that worried about the hardest decision
of his life.
And no matter what he did.
It wasn't the hardest decision of his life
because he said he's known this since he was a
four-year-old. He said ever since his mommy and daddy got him jammies and he was sitting in his fucking bed in Toronto,
he knew he wanted to be at Toronto Maple Leafs.
Yeah, but buddy, sometimes those emotions, buddy, sometimes...
He forgot he grew up in Toronto.
He needed to walk around his backyard pool and with his wife on the last day he could possibly make a decision.
He goes, oh, wait, oh, I'm around my pool.
I hate that fucking story.
If you don't think that
the thought of him staying in Long Island,
sign there, and being the difference
and changing that entire culture and
creating a winning team,
you're sadly mistaken, man.
The Toronto thing and bringing a
Stanley Cup back to his hometown
maybe outweighed that.
I'm sure that decision wasn't easy for him.
I just don't think he deserved shit being thrown at him.
Like, I mean, I'm okay with people booing, man.
It was like Ron Artest shit.
Listen, there was one or two, like, plastic snakes from, like,
they call themselves Loudville that sits up in the rafters every single game.
I mean, like, you can't throw something on an entire fan base
when one person throws a plastic snake on the game.
I mean, there's a lot of people doing shit that I'm like, oh, my God.
Like, burning jerseys.
The chance was funny.
Burning jerseys is  that's all, like, great, funny fan stuff.
For a game that was, like, being promoted as, like,
the biggest game of the year, everyone had it, like, on their calendar.
How can you not like a fan base that  like they were chanting where is your jammies 13,000
people are chanting hilarious chants all entire game why are you not allowed to do that i don't
understand why i don't know why the other side of this argument is like like we should be clapping
for him like why why are we not allowed to have a rivalry in sports now like why are we not allowed
to boo this guy for the rest of his career why is that something that islander are we not allowed to have a rivalry in sports now? Like, why are we not allowed to boo this guy for the rest of his career?
Why is that something that Islander fans are not allowed to do?
Why do we have to, like
I'm already booing, man.
I just want to  go read his Twitter mentions.
Like, fuck it.
You're always going to have that, though.
I mean, it's not a perfect world.
Like, not everyone's going to
We're going to bring Avery on.
We're going to have him come on, if that's cool with you.
Right now?
Yeah, right now.
Fine. I mean, I don't know who
Avery is to speak about class and
being on a moral high ground, but whatever.
I mean,
he was bang on on this one. I'm not saying he's right
every time.
He's going to have to tell him that when he gets on the phone.
Frankie, how is I
a hater, Frankie?
Where's my hating come in here?
Well, I mean, you were just very vocal on Twitter about how you were just ragging on the Islanders fan base for what we were doing.
I just don't know how you could see what happened in that game.
I thought, honestly, the way that the game went, it obviously went perfectly.
They won 6-1.
They absolutely dominated him.
John Tavares showed how soft he is because he couldn't step up to the plate
but the way that the actual game and the fan base went i thought that it was actually like a win
win for everyone i thought that they were hilarious with the chance i understand like the one or two
crocking plastic snakes during warm-ups went on the ice but other than that i honestly thought
like i thought ownership should be very happy with the way things went because had it gone the other way and it went 6-1 Toronto
and John Tavares gets a hat trick, I think the entire ice gets filled with beer.
I thought the place was ready to explode, and I was very happy with the way
that it went out because it could have been a really bad look for the franchise.
Okay, but as far as hate, you're saying hate.
Stirring the pot on the internet is having fun.
I didn't hate anybody.
I don't have any really feelings toward the Islanders fans anymore
or less than other fans.
I was goofing on your sign because you were holding up the sign
as if it was making you a point.
And literally in the quote, it says,
hopefully we can work something out, which means, well,
that implies it might not work out.
So anyways, we got another guy jumping in here.
A little third hand in action.
Sean Avery, welcome to the podcast.
Gentlemen.
Gentlemen. Gentlemen.
How's it going?
Good.
Perfect timing.
We have a noted Islanders fan, Frankie Borelli, on the line.
Say hi, Frankie, to Sean Avery.
Hello, Sean.
All right, Frankie.
All right, Frankie, let's get this started.
Frankie, do you live in the city?
Uh, now I do for work, but I mean, I, my, my, uh,
my family's home is still right by the Coliseum in East Meadow.
No, but you, you personally live in New York city.
I do right now. Yeah.
You got roommates.
I do.
How old are you?
25.
That's cool. That's's fun Fun city, right?
What the fuck is this?
What do you mean?
I'm just getting to know you
Yeah, I know
What do you want to know?
I'm on edge
No, I am on edge
What are we going to do?
What the hell?
Well, I mean I see are we going to do? We're going to have to  All right. What the hell? What is going to happen?
Well, I mean, why am I getting so defensive?
I see you with your fucking hat all over Twitter talking about the Islanders fan base,
calling us greasy Italians, greasy, disgusting fucking  whatever you said.
Honestly, I should have listened to you when you started the video saying if you don't want to hear me talk about hockey, you should turn it off.
I actually don't want to hear you talk about hockey.
Let's just be accurate. You watch that video at least 150 times you know exactly what i said
verbatim i didn't say anything about italians that's you you just pulled that that's like
crazy sensitivity i love italians i said nothing about italians but we all know what you were
trying to generalize.
You're like, we're a greasy.
Who says greasy and doesn't think of Italians?
I am a greaseball.
My dad probably puts grease in his hair as he opens up the Italian restaurant every day.
And you know what?
It doesn't matter.
That's who we are, Avery.
You to sit here and talk about our fan base and being disrespectful.
Out of all people in the world, sean avery is going to tell people
how to act what are you fucking nuts you have no more high ground to stand on you are one of the
most dirtiest players in nhl history voted by your peers as being one of the worst uh players that
they've ever played with frankie how many times did i ever get suspended in the nhl i honestly
don't know your your suspension records i don't exactly you just throw things against the board
hoping that it's going to stick very valid start talking in sacks i want you to start talking in
sacks right now john taveras okay there's a there's a laundry list of reasons why he didn't owe you or the Islanders a single fucking thing.
You want me to start?
Number one, no player needs to decide one day, I owe this organization something and say, you know what?
I plan on leaving in two months, even though he had no idea whether or
not he was going to leave. How do you think, do you think he really knew? Do you know how many
things, I know you've only been in a, in an NHL locker room to get something signed before,
but there's a million things that go through the mind of an NHL player. When you have your entire
life in front of you, one decision. Wevery, we've heard this a million times.
I don't even think Spittin' Chicklets has an hour to listen to you
go through this guy's entire history.
I mean, how small are you going to talk this story?
I mean, come on.
Really, really.
We listened to you chirp him.
Now he's coming up with valid points.
I think we should let him finish.
Like, I'm just playing the middleman here.
Here's my second.
Here's my second.
I feel like I'm watching a frickin freaking old man walk down the street right now.
It's insane. Well, Frankie,
what do you want to talk about? I mean, you're a
sports expert. What do you want to say?
Do you want to just yell at each other?
Do you want to just yell at each other?
You do aggravate me because that's just who you are.
You're an agitator. That's what you are.
That's what your whole entire persona
has been.
What's number two, Abe?
Number two. That's what your whole entire persona has been. What's number two, Abe? What's number two?
Number two.
Do you not think that the arena issue had serious,
serious implications in his decision?
I read an article this morning from 2015 talking about how those guys had to take trains into the city.
They then had to stay in hotels during the day for,
for home games.
Biz,
wit,
you know how uncomfortable that is.
Home games.
The beautiful thing about home games is being able to go to your favorite
restaurant around the corner from your house to be able to go home,
get into your own bed,
sleep with your own fucking pillow.
How uncomfortable is a pregame nap in a hotel on the road with shitty pillows?
Because my neck, I couldn't even do it because my neck would end up hurting.
You know, I need that fluffy.
I need my home pillows.
And they didn't have it.
Absolutely.
Major, major factor.
Major factor.
So, Frankie, just why after a guy gives you guys a fucking run like this kid
gives you that you guys are in the parking lot running over his jersey like barbarians
you know what really set me off throwing shit at him as he's walking off the ice what type of
fucking fan base is that that that's just like it's embarrassing
and sean i've agreed with that but you can't take an entire fan base and and boil it up into one fan
that throws a plastic snake or a jersey at them it's the same thing with every other fan base you
can find one or two it's like a vocal minority type thing where how are you possibly supposed to say that all 13,700 people.
But that's like fun tailgating shit.
Like, are you,
you're also like taking away the part that this fan base had this date
circled on their, on their calendar for the entire season.
It's something that like, you know,
the Islanders opened up the parking lot at 8. A.M. It was a drinking event. It's something that like, you know, the Islanders opened up the parking lot at 8 AM. It was a drinking event.
It's something that like fans got up for the put the teams playing
unbelievable. They're playing in first place.
Toronto's like this new rivalry now that we're, that we're getting ready for.
I mean, I couldn't wait for that game. So Frankie, can I tell you,
can I tell you my third point, New York,
the New York Islanders have a difficult time attracting free agents.
I'll tell you right now, if a guy has a choice whether to go to the Rangers or the Islanders,
it's pretty much a guarantee he's going to the Rangers.
They had an opportunity to take a step forward in legitimizing the organization.
They're playing great.
They've got a great team.
Lamorello's running the show now.
All they had to do was celebrate Tavares, act like grown-ups.
It would have been a beautiful night,
and it would have set the tone for the future
and being able to attract free agents to come and play
in that fucking dump of arena in a place where there's not a lot going on.
And I'm right, man.
You're actually not right.
The arena may be a dump, but not for what the players see
or what the fans see when they're in the actual stadium.
Yeah, we don't have great hallways, and yeah, we don't have that many bathroom lines,
and yeah, we don't have the top-notch beers on tap.
But when you're inside that stadium, you can see the fucking best hockey game you'll ever see in the NHL left to
this day.
I don't want to sit at the Barkley center where you can't even see a fucking,
you can't even see the offensive zone.
And I don't want to sit in one of these new arenas where you're,
you're 800,000 feet up in the air.
I want a low ceiling barn that the players love.
And they say that they can feel the electricity when they're sitting in the locker room.
How many arenas are left like that?
How could the
Coliseum be something that you could rag on
with the way that the
Islanders franchise has been with horrible signings
and Rick DiPietro, really bad
contracts. The Coliseum is the thing that we're
going to really tell. That's the thing
that you're ragging on.
I think the Coliseum is one of the best things we have left but well let's agree to disagree but what i'm saying is
i'm trying to help you i'm trying to agree with you i want to be i want to be on your side i want
the islanders to do well i want them to be able to sign free agents because it's an attractive
place for free agents to come and play. But that stunt that they pulled
was a sideshow. And it also
doesn't really reflect the
direction that Lamorello's
trying to take the organization.
You know? It shows passion,
Sean. It shows passion.
When we lost to the Capitals in the final
season at the Coliseum in 2015,
fans were ripping seats out of the
floor. People were calling...
Yeah, to throw it to Mahrez when he left a couple years later.
Yeah, shut the fuck up.
When we were winning that series 2-1
right before, Wilson
absolutely destroyed Viznoski's
career, and then he never ended up playing hockey again
after that, and I'll never forgive Tom Wilson for that.
But during that season,
when that place was going absolutely crazy,
that's passion.
That's what our fan base is about.
It's like you're stepping into the jungle.
We want to be the opposite of what the Toronto Maple Leafs fans did the other night where they fucking did a standing ovation
because we heard his feelings.
I mean, there's two sides to this, right?
No, I think that was more like we're behind you.
Like, we appreciate you coming here.
It was one of the most embarrassing things I've ever seen in my life.
They put a spotlight on their guy.
More so than people throwing things?
Come on, that's the softest shit I've ever seen.
They called it Toronto JT Day.
It was JT Day in Toronto.
The mayor's coming out talking about how much they love their player.
Let the guy get booed.
Frankie, who would hate that, man?
Who would hate that?
I'm a sock playing in a city where the fans just tell you how much they love you.
I'm not saying that he should hate that.
I'm saying it's like from an outside looking in, it's like, oh, my God,
we booed him too much.
What are we talking about here, guys?
Are we really talking about feelings?
The guy makes 10 million a year.
Let him get booed.
You can see it like that, but I don't think it was.
I think it was just like, yo, he got booed there,
so let's just show our appreciation for him.
Make him feel at home.
Make him feel like he didn't regret his decision.
For us, it was like we gave him a couple of boo-boos,
and his mom is patting his head saying, it's okay.
You're over here.
Or throwing a temper tantrum because he left.
I mean, like. Yeah, you can look at anything both ways, It's okay. You're over here. Or throwing a temper tantrum because he left.
I mean, like.
Yeah, you can look at anything both ways, but that's just the way I saw it.
I saw it as, like, he came into our house.
We gave him the shit that, like, that's what we were waiting to do.
We expected John Tavares to be a franchise player.
We expected him to be in the Raptors.
We expected John to be in the Raptors.
Hold on, hold on. Here's the problem, though, though frankie i'm gonna let you in on a little secret no player in the nhl thinks that the
coliseum is a tough building to plan so all of a sudden they want to start being like the oakland
raiders the coliseum is not a tough fucking building to play in.
You want to talk about some tough buildings to play in?
We can talk about that.
The Coliseum's not high on that list.
Biz, Whit, would you agree with me?
Gila River Arena is a nightmare for opposing teams.
Well, the reason, I don't think it was, but they've, dude,
really this kind of, I mean, it's not great for you,
but they've been so shitty for so long that it's never really been
like a crazy place.
Now, maybe, yeah, the other night I heard it was wild,
but that's once a season when your most hated best leader you ever had
comes back to town.
So, listen, I'm not going to say it's a great
I mean, it's not like playing in San Jose.
It's like
That's a great example.
That's what I was thinking of.
On a Monday night.
And, listen, I'm the first one to admit I went to every single game from when I was six years old
to when I was 15, and I was sometimes the only person
in the arena who was actually clapping because, you know,
you're talking about seasons when we put up, I don't know.
I mean, I was looking at it before.
There were some seasons where this team put up 61 points,
79 points, 73 points, 55 points.
Yeah, I mean, the product on the ice was never that great.
But when the team actually performs and when the team
shows up, there is really no place
like the Coliseum. I mean, I've never heard a place
like that the other night. It was absolutely insane.
I mean, Dave Portnoy, I've gone to
Super Bowls with him. I've gone to Patriot games
with him, playoff games. He said, like, he
was looking around the place being like, this is fucking nuts.
Okay.
I understand what you're saying.
It's a very passionate it is a passionate sorry go ahead no go ahead go ahead it's go ahead when you played against the islanders and you saw like empty arenas and stuff like yeah that's that's
that's just that's just like a product of the times when you know a team's playing poorly i
mean you know but also in carolina you can probably find that in florida you can probably when teams are playing bad it's like the fan base gets affected frank you got to
understand though i also played in the in the coliseum the third last game of the season where
if either team wins they go to the playoffs and the ranger fans are trampling the Islander fans.
Yeah, I saw you say that.
I mean, come on, man.
You also
We're going to wrap this up because we've been going quite a while here.
I think you both bring up good points.
I think these two could do it.
Frankie, I want to  hold on, Biz.
I want us to go agreeing on one thing, and I hope we're going to agree on this.
Frankie, how good was Ziggy Palsy? Yeah was he was a good player he's a great player i mean he's a little
bit earlier in my time of like absolute fandom but right that's true okay all right i tried
my guy would be jason blake and listen avery i if there's one thing i can end on i just don't
want to hear you talking about the honors fan base because I just don't think you have any ground to stand
on, especially when you're talking about morals
and talking about respect
and shit.
I respect you talking to me right now
and hashing it out,
but it really did piss me off.
The last verse I wanted to hear talking about
respect from a fan base was Sean fucking
Avery, but I'm good at that.
Biz, thanks for having me on.
Good points.
Very good points.
I think both you guys make good points.
Always a pleasure, Sean.
It's the entire athlete versus fan mentality that I think people have always wondered about,
and I think we're kind of getting a little bit of a glimpse.
I mean, Frank, you came in.
You're holding your own with your points against three former pro athletes.
You've got R.A. here, too, and he's pro at something else.
And I think that you did a good job. I still
think you're nuts, and I think a lot of those people are
dirtbags, but good job, nonetheless.
So thank you both for coming. Hey, guys.
Guys, let me ask one thing.
R.A., what do you think about Green Book
winning Best Picture?
I was happy because I picked
up a couple bucks. I thought it might be one of the
movies to upset Roma.
I actually still haven't seen it yet, so I can't give a critique on the movie.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Okay.
A little late on that.
All right, guys.
Aves, how's your supermodel wife?
She's so hot.
I know.
Fuck.
Even with messy bedhead, it's just a beautiful thing.
Her workout regimen is out of control.
You know what, Frankie?
We'll break bread.
I'll take you out.
Are you married?
Are you single?
I'm not married, but I'm not single.
All right.
Well, when you're single, we'll link up.
All right.
I love it.
Embrace the bait, guys.
Embrace the bait.
That interview was also brought to you by Policy Genius.
Getting life insurance can feel like assembling the world's worst jigsaw puzzle.
It's confusing.
It takes forever.
And when you're finally done, it doesn't even look cool.
But when you have a mortgage, a couple of rugrats to pay for,
and anyone who depends on your income, it's a puzzle you need to solve.
And Policy Genius can help you do it.
Policy Genius is the easy way to get life insurance.
In just two minutes, you can compare quotes from top insurers to find the best policy for you.
And when you apply online, the advisors at Policy Genius will handle all the red tape for you.
They'll even negotiate your rate with the insurance company.
No commissioned sales agents, no hidden fees, just helpful advice and personalized service.
And Policy Genius doesn't just make life insurance easy.
They also make it easy to find the right home insurance, auto insurance, or disability insurance.
They're your one-stop shop for financial protection. So if you find life insurance puzzling,
head to policygenius.com. In two minutes, you can compare quotes, find the right policy,
and save up to 40 doing it. Policy Genius, the easy way to compare and buy life insurance.
And that pretty much does it for Islanders Talk. i did want to quickly mention that sezikis 19 goals now might even have more i i mean that was after the toronto game uh that
fourth line for the islanders uh they have been fucking lethal this season probably the best
fourth line in hockey again they reunited them and uh and hey that's a big reason for their success
so uh one other quick note before we move
on to carolina who is fucking on fuego is i forgot to mention brad richard's four goal game uh this
guy um had three goals all of last season ends up having four in one game and he's got 16 on the
year that's his career high and uh and at his age uh good for him especially coming off a nasty leg
injury a few years back
when he broke his leg and, fuck,
they didn't even know if he was going to be able to play again.
I actually caught the end of that game.
And then I saw his interview after, which was awesome
because you could totally tell he was like, yeah, it's one of those nights.
He said, he goes, we got a chance every single time we're on the ice.
And maybe for a player like Brad Richardson,
for a player like myself,
it happens once in a lifetime
where everything you touch goes in.
It's really cool to see.
I had no idea that last year we only had three.
I saw that stat that night. It was funny
you brought it up because that's wild.
Then you go home that night and you're like, did I play that
much different all of last year?
I just got more in one game than the whole season.
Fuck me.
I believe Keith Kachuk is the only other player in Arizona Coyotes history,
not the whole franchise with Winnipeg to score four goals in a game.
And I don't know what year he did it, but those two guys are the only ones.
He probably did whip it out too, no one.
No one, Walt.
All right. Hey, the team, a lot of people have been talking about, and it's about, no one. No one, Walt. Alright, hey,
the team a lot of people have been talking about,
and it's about time we do, the Carolina Hurricanes.
They won their fifth in a row yesterday
in a great game versus Florida, overtime game.
Peter Mrazik made a couple of
incredible saves. It was one of those up and down
OTs. The Hurricanes
have an NHL best 26
in one record in the calendar year, 2019.
The story for me with this team has been Curtis McElhinney.
I mean, he's a journeyman backup.
He's with a half-dozen teams.
He's had a decade-plus career, never really got a shot at a number-one job.
This year, 25 starts.
He's 17-7-1, 2.24 goals against, 9-2-3 save percentage, couple of shutouts.
I think that's one of the great stories in the league this year.
What's it to you, Whit?
Why do you think Carolina's been on fire so much?
Well, a ton of reasons, and we've said when we do talk about them,
we talk about Sebastian Ajo, the overtime winner the other night.
I mean, just 73 points in 65 games.
I mean, that's a dominating clip.
I think that if you're a Blackhawks fan,
you look at Turbo Teravainen, and you're thinking,
oh, my God, we gave up on him early.
He's only 23.
He's just under a point per game.
It's a group that has really bought in.
You can tell that they love playing for Rod Brendamore.
I've given the celebrations a little shit as some other fans,
but they don't care.
I mean, the Holyfield one we could talk about that was unreal the other night.
I think was it Martinuk?
He took a left after the lights went out.
Vander Holyfield's up there.
That was a great one.
So that one made me laugh.
But they've bought in, and they really probably play the card.
I shouldn't say they probably do.
I'm guessing if you're on that team,
you kind of love that no one's believed in you all year.
You've just kind of been silencing people all year,
and they've gone through times when they haven't played well,
but they've picked the perfect time to get it going.
There's a bunch of guys, you know, you look through the roster
and you could mention guys and how much they've improved
and when I've seen them play and watched them,
but it's a team thing sometimes, and goaltending's wild.
Goaltending's, you can just figure it out.
It's just like  or you get a year where everything's clicking.
And Curtis Macklin, like you've said, R.A.,
hadn't really shown that he was capable of this in his past,
maybe for brief stretches, but this run has been phenomenal,
and you really can't win like this without goaltending like they've gotten
these last 30 games, I should say.
I think it's crazy.
The off-season moves they made, a lot of people questioned them
and they were like, oh my God, these guys are imploding.
That's a horrible move.
I mean, I don't want to comment on who won that trade or not,
but they got rid of a couple of good young studs.
That Lindholm has been nasty for Calgary,
and Hannafin's a good solid top
four defenseman um but they've overachieved all year they have uh just that special mojo
uh credit uh coaching job by Rob Brindamore and then of course the leadership by Justin Williams
and uh you know they've just on been on a magical run and and there's been a lot of unreal stories
in the NHL this year.
And it's been a very entertaining season.
Tons of storylines, as I just said, and credit to them.
Oh, there was one more thing that I think it should get mentioned,
and that's Svechnikov.
And he was the second overall pick in 2018.
He's only 18.
And people  I've heard rumblings like, oh, kind of a slow start.
And things like that.
Like, he's 18 years old.
He's got 15 goals.
He'll probably get 20 to end the year, I would think,
if not right around there.
So just because he's not Connor McDavid and Austin Matthews
being that number one, number two pick,
those guys that are right there and dominate,
I mean, dude, this guy's shown that I think there's a bright future there,
just another guy for them to lean on moving forward
because a lot of these dudes are young.
Oh, buddy, I mean mean look at stromer like it's amazing how people get so impatient with these top two
three four picks where they want them to come in to make impacts right away well everyone's got to
go at their own pace and and and you know i i talk about stromer quite a bit on here and he's a prime
example like he just needed to to find his str, and it took him longer than normal for, I guess, today's standards of top three picks.
Yep.
One other note, too, on McElhinney.
He's 35 years old, but he's only had 211 games on his record,
so he's a guy who could probably play into his 40s,
and it's going to be interesting to see what Carolina does going forward.
Like you said, Wits, they got the Finns contributing mightily.
We had some ugly incidents going on Saturday night.
I don't know if you guys caught it.
It happened late.
Saturday versus Minnesota.
Calgary's Garnett Hathaway was ejected for intent to injure
when he drove Minnesota's Luke Coonan's head into the dash.
Pretty ugly stuff.
He got a match penalty.
As of 1-20 on Sunday, the Department of Player Safety hasn't weighed in,
but they most definitely will be.
Did you see the hit, Biz?
I did not, no. Yeah yeah it was pretty ugly man he i mean he kind of drove his head right into the dash i gotta imagine he's looking at at least five games here maybe maybe
10 it was a pretty ugly incident uh just a couple other notes around ugly incidents winnipeg's adam
lowry he got a two-game suspension for high stick and uh philip forsberg he looked like he was doing
his errol fly Flynn impression with the
stick. It caught him up high. He got two
games for that. In New Jersey,
Curtis Gabriel got a game for boarding
Philly's Nolan Patrick. Kind of your standard
boarding. Nothing really out of the ordinary.
So enough of the dirty play
talk. I think we should send it over to Bugsy
Malone right about now. We need a few laughs.
My only thing that I have to mention
is it is dirty.
All the Flames fans
who got in my mentions and said,
oh, Calgary tonight, Calgary
tonight, Iggy's jersey retirement,
no chance they lose, hammer it,
lock of the night. And I saw so many
of them. I bet them Moneyline
and I bet them Puckline. And I thought right
after, this is why I'm an Oilers fan. These
Flames fans just screwed me over.
Now we'll have a little more gambling talk with the Gambling Corner
coming up a little bit later.
I had a nice little night for myself, I'm sure.
Oh, and we've got to thank Budweiser Canada
for sending us on the West Coast Wagon Tour.
And the Bugsy live interview will be on YouTube the day after this drops.
So Tuesday.
This Bud's for you.
This is Bugsy Malone. This interview is brought to you by Herbal Active, the 100 hemp-based CBD product. We talk about the balm all the time. Great for muscles and joint pain. We got the
drops. Helps me with mental clarity. Helps me with anxiousness, anxiety. Actually, he's been really helping me to go to sleep and get full night's sleep.
Not waking up.
Not even if I'm wetting the bed.
Sleep right through it.
They have dog treats, cat treats.
So it's good for pets.
I want you to follow them on social media.
If you have any questions, you can direct message them.
That's Herbal Active.
U-R-B-A-L-a-c-t-i-v you can go to
herbalactive.com as well we're going to give you a biz 20 promo code you guys know that you know
the drill 20 off um use it for for anything you guys want they got mints as well those are great
for situational uh like maybe spikes and anxiousnessness where you don't have your drops on you,
where you can just take the mints to go.
And a great product, guys.
I use it.
It's wonderful.
And CBD is really helping a lot of people out.
I expect you guys to do your research.
There's tons of things that can benefit you for.
So once again, message them on social media.
That's Herbal Active, U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.
And you can go follow them on Instagram or Twitter
and ask them any questions you need.
Special interview today.
It's a very laid-back scene here.
We're in Los Angeles, actually Venice Beach.
We have Ryan Malone.
The first time we talked to Ryan Malone, he came on.
He was trying to make the Olympic team.
He wouldn't stop dropping cliches on me about having to get the puck deep. But now he's out here to join us. How
are you, Bugsy?
Thanks for having me, guys. First class. So excited to be here.
He's actually still going for the Olympic team. Now he's doing MMA, though.
Yeah, we're going to get into that. Bugsy's into MMA now.
Just fake wrestling.
And the funny thing is, right when you told me, I said, I know he's going to tell people he's doing this because he stays in shape
and you could basically take on anyone, anyone trying to ever attack you.
But this is all based when you wrestle guys you played with
and you do those stupid pressure points that you always got me in the shoulder with.
You're going to just be able to take down anyone
at drunk wrestling competitions after golf now.
Yeah, pretty much.
You said you've been doing gymnastics.
What do you call it when you roll forward?
Somersault?
Somersault.
That's it.
You do somersaults?
Yeah.
So what do you mean?
He told me, he said they're doing things like that in order to like moving, get the body
moving again.
Or just body movement.
You want to just move your body around.
So you just...
Wait, wait, time out.
Motion creates emotion.
So when he said you do somersaults and then you said no.
Well, you're not just doing random somersaults.
Well, yeah, but you're doing some in your warm-up to get moving.
The first.
The good old bear crawl.
I mean, when's the last time you did a somersault?
The first time he did one, he's like, whoa, head rush.
I'm out of the somersault game.
I mean, if I did a somersault right now, i'd snap my vertebrae in half i'm telling you
right now i would be well that's what i mean so i was like it's a proof of it seems like a it seems
like a wise thing to do is like get like to get moving again like when you're 40 you like you
like get up it's just so hard to go to the gym when we you told me when you said you'd never lift
the weight again yeah do you not not No, he's doing body weight stuff.
I need somebody to tell me what to do there.
I cannot go and do it myself.
I just end up doing nothing.
Well, you should work out for golf then.
Go get a workout.
I'm doing that actually in a week.
No way.
They watch you swing and figure out what parts of your body.
It's Titleist Performance Enhancement or something.
Buddy, you are
That's good.
Dude, if this doesn't make me better,
I may have to release a video of me doing quad stretches in the gym
trying to hit a six iron further.
No, but you
But it's great though.
It's crazy.
You're essentially now training to become a professional athlete.
It's something else.
No, but I'm never thinking of ever being a professional golfer.
Oh, you don't think you could ever get good enough?
Oh, fuck no, man.
People think like...
Aren't you like a scratch golfer?
Yeah, but people have no idea.
These guys, to even consider making it, you have to be like a plus six.
If you're not shooting at your course, your home course, six under regularly, like seven, eight out of ten rounds, don't even think about trying to do a pro ball.
Wow, that's pretty cool.
I didn't know there were so many shots in there.
So many shots.
It's just so hard.
But then also people think, oh, well, I'm 50 years old.
I'll try to get on the senior tour.
That's when you can try to go.
That's harder to get on than the PGA tour because it's a smaller tour.
But the senior tour is the best living in the world.
Those guys starting at age 50 until whenever they want three rounds are the tournaments so not four oh they
only do three no cut they travel around make like a winner winner's check it's like 300k 400k and
they're just 60 years old striping around living that's that's living yeah we need an nhl none of
those guys are doing mma hey folks you would you know what he said? We need an NHL after 50 league.
Wow.
You think that would be big time?
No, because the hockey would be so bad.
This golf is actually good.
Everyone can move.
Time out.
No one can move.
Great idea.
What you'd have to do is make a smaller league,
but you'd have to make it extremely fan interactive.
So the one thing that the NHL you don't get is there's so much
separation between the players and fans.
Is it because of the glass?
Is it because of the plexiglass?
Yeah, I mean it has a little bit to do with the plexiglass.
It's non-stop, God.
Can you please just say something
serious for one time in your life?
Well, Vince, here's the thing thing none of the big dogs are gonna keep
playing that when they're older like it'd be all the scrubs and nobody wants to see the school
like i'm back in the league i'm the number one d-man on my team yeah whitney and you're still
a fucking asshole the fans and but like for me like i love chatting with the fans especially
when i hit the pen man i'll talk to them if anything they're the ones being like dude like
can you shut the fuck up do we mention that we're here for the nhl all-star week
where we started the week off in in uh in la uh bugsy malone and teddy purcell will be joining us
uh and then we're going off to san jose we're gonna bank some more interviews with nhl stars
but uh man this to me is the funnest job in the world. There's no pressure.
I just shoot the shit with the boys.
It's nice.
Good surroundings.
Good office.
And then once in a while, you get a guest who can actually hold the mic up to his mouth.
I'm too close.
I feel him too close.
Now he's eating it.
If I can't choke it out, I'll just bite it to death.
This is my practice.
What else?
Bugsy, should we talk about his career at all yeah i mean i
don't think he wants to talk about the one time me and wit were in uh i think we're in south beach
and some guys were having lunch or dinner like on the patios there no it was fort lauderdale
this is while you're playing a pet yeah we had a full day off and we're like there was like a
This is while you were playing a pit.
Yeah, we had a full day off.
And there was like a rollerblade rental place around the corner.
I'm like, let's go rent rollerblades and go pretend like we don't have to skate through traffic.
If there was a video of this, I think it would be.
We were putting our skating like this, like bumping into people.
And they're like, look at these big, tall guys.
You're going to hurt someone.
Learn to skate to be on those.
And we're going kind of where the cars aren't swinging on the pole.
It looked like we were falling.
Yeah, we kept grabbing signs.
And we're just like, whoa, slowing us down.
Maybe you had to be there.
I'm trying to envision it. Didn't the coaches see us?
Yeah, someone that shouldn't i think it came out later
that uh i think it came out later that that like we had been seen by like people like fake i think
we had knee pads on elbow pads on full first time outfit on it was it was oh hey that same trip
tell him what you did to me when we were leaving the hard rock when i was just sitting there
waiting for the car no No, no, no.
He's like, I'm fucking so hot.
It's so hot in here.
I need to cool off.
He's sitting by this fountain.
I'm in my suit.
He pushes me in the fucking fountain.
Yeah, I'm swimming with pennies and quarters in my brand new suit that's waterlogged.
I think I had to throw it away.
They fell out of your pocket.
Are you kidding?
I was just like, God, thanks a lot.
Okay, so the story I was thinking of, I don't remember who it was,
but I think Shane Doan told it to me.
It was a guy who said he had a groin injury.
So he missed practice on a practice day on the road.
Oh, I know this story.
And the boys are coming back from practice. And that guy was on the road oh i know this story and and the boys are coming back from practice
and that guy was on like the catwalk it was they were in like florida or something
and he was in rollerblades rollerblade like an absolute dime piece i guess he was hand in hand
hand in hand like a group skate together like like skating on rollerblades and this guy just
missed practice because he had a groin tweak. Who was it?
I'm not saying names.
I never played with the guy, though.
Could you imagine?
But the boys didn't know that he was faking it,
so the boys are coming back.
Yeah, I guess someone on the bus goes,
oh, my God, look it, and they all bust it out
and then saw him hand-in-hand striding down the cabin.
I think someone said it was roller skates, not blades, like the four-wheelers.
Oh, the four-wheelers.
Okay, well, even better.
So it's like back in like you're watching the movie Grease.
Oh, man.
How do we
Okay, so what we were talking about, I kind of interrupted,
but that's a funny hockey story.
I want to talk about you winning the World Hockey Pond Hockey Championship last year.
Wright Holmes.
You actually took the whole thing down.
Yeah.
Wright Holmes, my buddy, Gino Parrish, is a Minnesota hockey legend.
Is that the guy who played at St. Cloud before you?
Mark's brother?
Yeah.
He's a legend?
Didn't you tell me he's taught me everything I know?
He's a good person.
You know what? Let me sum that up. Let me everything I know. He's a good person. You know what?
Let me sum that up.
Let me sum that up.
He's very passionate.
This guy loves to crush his beers.
Friendly, happy.
Loves playing pranks.
Beats his own drum, you know.
Loves playing pranks.
He's the buddy that if you told him,
hey, dude, I need you to help me hide a body,
he'd be like, okay, where are we putting this thing but then he'd also like blackmail you a little and be like i
always get that over you remember wait go get me a beer but the only way he would blackmail it is
when it's involving you partying with him and drinking alcohol because that's no he's like
he'd make me order every uber set up every tea time That would be my blackmail. Yeah, exactly. You guys lost him. You guys lost him.
Yeah.
We were describing when you said he's a good person.
Yeah.
That's what you meant by it.
Who are you going to see in San Jose that you played with at the All-Star game?
Stammer?
Stammer.
Stammer and you are boys.
Kucherov?
You play with Kucherov?
Kuch. What's he like with Kucherov? Kuch.
What's he like?
Kuch is right here.
He's eating MM's like on the bus before he tracks.
You know who was like that too?
All the Barstool guys eating.
That's a great job at Barstool, people.
They do eat like shit.
You got to do what you got to do.
Garbage disposal.
Mike Richards was like that.
Just ate trash?
We had these MMs in the locker room in Manchester because he got sent down.
Remember when he got declared waivers?
Well, he came down to play with us in the AHL.
We had the fucking sickest AHL team of all time.
He was our third-line center.
When you guys won it?
The year we won it, but he ended up leaving.
He didn't finish the season with us.
But, yeah, the trainer would have the MM's.
Nobody would eat the MM's before the game.
This guy would go fill up his pouch on his sweater that he would wear around to stay warm,
full of MM's, and he'd just be eating MM's for fucking two hours.
He was eating MM's.
And he would have the trainer's tape of sticks, and he would step on the ice.
And then be sick.
You know what, man?
You could tell he couldn't move around like he used to,
but talk about a hockey brain.
Yeah, he's really smart.
One of the best players I ever saw with his stick,
as far as, like, penalty kill, whatever it was, off the face off.
It was like a cobra would strike.
And he was, like like the biggest gamer like
he would fight anyone he would score he was awesome for a couple dean lombardi described
when he goes he was my he was my derrick jeter and i got him off philly that gives me chills when
i say that yeah but derrick jeter that's a hot i mean like i don't know if he we're comparing him
with derrick jeter right right but but he But because the way you just described it, he brought everything.
Oh, yeah, okay.
That's true.
And he was a leader, and he was the fucking man.
And, you know, obviously, for whatever reason,
we don't need to go into details, Jeff Carter and him were traded
because they didn't think they could get over the hump with those guys.
But he detained him.
And then he ended up winning two cups with L.A la i know on the second cup he he didn't have the
impact he did on the first one he was there for a role though i think didn't he oh i could have
sworn he was there for the second one as well he was a fourth line center i believe on that team
i mean i might sound stupid you fight him and we can go back but but but ultimately like he was man that was get him on the pod it was it was
a very sad decline and and i would love to get him on the pod to talk about it and i mean it's
you know what's sad about it is just the way that people talk about it and dismiss what he's done
it's like fuck you i get that maybe he he's made decisions or whatever and he had a fast decline
but the amount of hockey that he or the amount of accomplishments he had in that 10 years of being a dominant figure in hockey.
But he won Olympic gold, did he not?
Yep.
Yep.
Stanley Cups, he won a Calder Cup.
I think he won Memorial Cup, Junior.
I think he's part of the Triple Gold Club.
Triple Gold Club.
Yeah, I think so actually.
I'm in the Triple Bronze club. Yeah, I think so, actually. I'm in a triple bronze club.
So I know we kind of got off the wheels there talking about Richie, but...
How did that start?
Oh, yeah.
You played with Kucherov his rookie year?
He was coming into the league.
I'm like, oh, fuck.
These guys are pretty good.
Could you tell he was that good?
He just, yeah.
He could just move.
I didn't know he was going to be this good.
He just sling the puck.
Yeah, he snipes.
Teddy told me he's always like, he had four points in L.A., I guess,
recently here, and after he saw it, he's like,
fuck, I should have had seven points.
Unbelievable.
I have four points.
Fuck, I should have had eight.
It's a joke.
Yeah, he used to just grab whatever he could.
Delivery's here for Bugsy.
He could put it all on me.
They don't know what's getting delivered.
I want him to talk about Cooch.
Keep talking about Cooch.
I think he just grabbed wherever he could, you know, the minibar on the way out.
Really?
I mean, not to drink.
I'm going to practice in the morning.
Like, what time's the bus?
10 o'clock.
I'll get 9.55.
I'm grabbing MM's on my way down.
Like, all rookies mostly.
Just be whatever. I just like me and you, we always did the set the delivery,
set the food to be delivered to our hotel room at like 7.30 in the morning.
So then you wake up, it's just in your room, you eat on your bed.
I didn't go down the lobby.
So here's the thing.
I never did that because I like to wake up and then go down for breakfast
and sit down in the lobby.
I was pretty good about always making sure i got breakfast i ain't going to the rink and crushing
a power bar before that's not happening no i need you to do that nice brekkie yeah that that would
scare me a little bit to sign up like if i'm a gm and i see a player that's like eating a power
bar at the rink in the morning he hasn't showered yet i'm like hey when i got a good look when i got so i played my rookie year in the nhl i started that year in
the ahl went up after nine games played my rookie year but you know then you have to go back and
play in the call to cup playoffs like they're gonna if you're if your nhl team doesn't make
it and you can they always send the guys back so i was just i wasn't i was i don't know what i was
thinking i was just getting mcdonald's pancakes every I don't know what I was thinking. I was just getting
McDonald's pancakes
every day at drive-thru,
bring them to the rink
and then in my stall
covered in maple syrup,
I was eating
McDonald's pancakes
before every practice
of the game
in Wilkes-Barre.
We lost to game seven
in the second round,
I think,
to Hershey.
Everybody got swept,
but I was lighting it up too.
They couldn't say a word
because they're like,
I mean,
he's having McDonald's pancakes
covered in syrup, but he's getting a point every game. But still, looking back at it couldn't say a word because they're like, I mean, he's having McDonald's pancakes covered in syrup,
but he's getting a point every game.
But still, looking back at it now,
there must have been older guys like,
this kid's eating McDonald's in the locker room?
What is this?
No wonder I went and worked at Barstool.
So I worked at Barstool.
Personally, I don't give a shit because if you're producing,
it's like Phil Kessel.
I think it's hilarious.
Do you know Phil?
Yeah.
Do you ever hang out with him in the summer?
No.
I love him. I don't even know him that well, and I just love Do you ever hang out with him in the summer? No. I love him.
Yeah.
I don't even know him that well, and I just love him.
I'm obsessed with him.
He's, I mean, know him obviously.
Did he flip you off the other day, or you flipped?
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off.
He flipped me off. He flipped me off. He flipped me off. He flipped me off like a world champion or... World championships. Yeah. In, where is it, Prague maybe?
Those were fun.
Where the fuck were we?
I don't know.
Oh, you asked me about me flipping off Phil Kessel.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, what happened there? Well, I don't know.
It was a practice day.
No, it was a practice day
and I could see he was at the back of the bus
because I could see the silhouette of him
inside the window
and you could see the crown of his head
because he's got like shit hair.
Like, you know, it's like... yeah you hate that you talk about it probably yeah i'm sure he loves it ripping on him now on the podcast about it
downtown i'm sure he's never looked like online or seen a fucking meme or or
if you turn on instagram you could see a phil kessel meme of him on the bench like yelling
with this no i like the olympic picture where he's just looking in the camera.
That's the best one.
This is one of the most dynamic skaters,
best shot, best hockey players on the planet, that guy.
Do you think that he doesn't tell anyone,
but he's like,
I'm going to fucking troll the shit out of the internet today.
And then when he's taking his picture for Team USA,
he does that on purpose, and then afterward acts's taking his picture for team usa he like does that
on purpose and then afterward acts like no dude that's just how i take pictures but in his head
he knows he's trolling he's like i just took over he takes over the internet he takes over hockey
twitter that's your dream biz just to take over the internet no no no i because i think it's fun
when it happens organically like that's why i don't really tweet much anymore i don don't say, oh, I'm going to be the funniest guy in the world.
The other day, the Phil Kissel thing came up, and I tweeted about it because it felt right.
Hey, Bugsy.
You made yourself feel better.
No, shut the fuck up, Bugsy, you piece of shit.
Bugsy, what was I going to ask you about something earlier in our career?
Tarion?
Oh, no, not earlier in our career.
Did you score in the Olympics?
Were you not really playing like me or were you playing a lot?
I think I was playing a lot.
No, you weren't playing a lot.
I played with Povolsky and Kessel.
That was your line?
I don't know.
I think I had five points.
I think I might have led the team, actually.
What?
Is this breaking news, Bugsy? I don't know, though. I had five points i think i might have led the team actually just breaking news bugs i don't know this is the longest that's his most recent tattoo that
hey this is the longest it's taken us to look at a hockey db for an interview since we started
i'm gonna look at ryan malone what's bugs he's biggest year i'm gonna guess i'm gonna guess
his biggest years i'm gonna guess his biggest guess it was a decline from the beginning.
No, I'm going to guess his biggest goal year.
I don't think he got 30.
No, 32?
Did you get 30?
You never got 30.
Remember Stalzi?
Stalzi got 30.
No, he didn't.
No, his first year, didn't he?
He got 29 because, remember, he missed the empty netter.
He goes, I wouldn't want it to get 30 that way.
You don't remember this?
No, I don't remember that.
You don't remember that?
All right, I got Bugsy.
I got Bugsy.
Oh, it doesn't have the Olympics on here.
Yeah, I don't know why they don't actually have that.
His biggest year was, wow, he had two back-to-back years
where he was in Pittsburgh his last year.
That's probably why they traded you is your stock was high.
No, he signed a ticket.
Actually, I think before the season started,
they're like, you've been good on bad teams.
Can you be good on the good team?
And that really stuck with him.
He's never forgot that quote.
That's what drove you to become a better player.
Oh, then they let me go after I had that ticket.
Well, the next year you had 26.
Actually, I thought...
Saul's here at 29.
And Hossa was there too.
I mean, Hossa I thought was going to sign there.
Hossa then just signs a one-year in Detroit.
Remember that?
And then fucking...
How crazy was when Hossa guessed wrong on the both years?
I felt so bad for him.
And then how about the third year?
And then he ended up in the Stanley Cup Finals for the first year.
And then won three cups.
He was underrated.
That guy was the best player.
He was a good guy, too.
Remember when he was in a slump and he finally just went and had beers with Hal Gale
and then just started lighting it up?
His slump to him was like a...
I still think he had close to a point per game in the first round against Philly
or whoever we played.
Ottawa, I don't know.
And then he was like, I'm not playing good.
And then just got drunk one night and just lit it up the rest of the way.
But I remember when he signed with Detroit, Ray Sherrill was shocked.
It was like he was coming back.
He was going to sign a big deal.
All of a sudden, goes to the team that just beat you on a one-year deal.
Oh, I could have met him one year.
That's a slap in the face.
Think about it for your career-wise.
If someone's offering you a six, seven-year deal,
big money, you're in the job.
He was getting like 80 million.
Imagine if he got hurt, though.
I mean, it's a big risk.
It was pretty shocking.
People don't talk about this enough,
how much he rolled the dice.
He signed two one-year deals in the prime of his fucking career.
And he also...
That is fucking nuts.
And he also, he knew how good he was.
He knew how good...
And still, he can get injured.
But he then went to the team to give himself the best chance of the cup
and lost to the team he left.
That is my...
I remember after him, there was a picture of him sitting down
and back against the boards in the Detroit Uni.
They lost at home.
Like, oh, my God.
Not only did I go here and lose, I lost to the team I left.
That was a one-year challenge,
a picture of the Pittsburgh sweater bent over in Detroit. Yes that was that was a one-year challenge a pitcher of the pittsburgh sweater yes yes exactly not the 10-year challenge he thinks that was the best
he thought he was taking that joke the whole time
that came to his brain and he's like oh my god i'm about to drop some heat oh you're
you're so big into the 10-year challenge or whatever it is.
Oh, I don't do that.
10 years?
I hope your life has changed.
It's been fucking 10 years.
You got 10 years to move around.
I never really thought about it like that.
It's like, yeah, it's been 10 years.
I fucking hope shit's changed.
I mean, still working on losing those that 15 pounds like well you know you just gotta just do it man
just get up and start doing stuff you know yeah but in the sense of the the meme or whatever it
is like you want to look close to the same. It's about not aging like a dog.
My 10-year challenge looks like a 30-year challenge.
I'm like, shit.
I know.
Damn it.
10 years ago, I was just bright-eyed.
What's the next part of that sentence?
Bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.
Thanks, Grinnelly.
Until I met Bugsy.
Then I was gray-eyed and my tail was falling off.
Let's talk more about Stammer because he's another fascinating guy.
A guy who, I mean, man, he was basically like face of the league next to Sid.
And he just couldn't stay fucking healthy.
Yeah, he had some bad injury when he broke his leg there.
That was in Boston, I think.
And he didn't go to the Olympics because of that. Yeah, bad injury when he broke his leg there. That was in Boston, I think. Yeah. Oh.
And he didn't go to the Olympics because of that.
Yeah, missed that.
Yeah, I mean, it was bad.
But, I mean, he's got  you see him get hit in the face, too.
I think that was in Boston, too.
He came back.
Both times he stood up, though, and got off.
Yeah, he's an animal.
Until his leg was broken, and his leg was broken.
I'll say this.
He's an animal.
I can't do it this time.
I don't know if Tampa's going to get over the hump because I feel like they peaked too early.
Well, so far in their years where they can really make an impact.
I hope he gets a cup because he works his fucking bag off.
He is dedicated to the game.
In order to have some fairly significant injuries,
he kept having a bit
of a reoccurring knee injury as well yeah but you know i think with all injuries right it started
okay broke his leg on the right side i think then it was his knee and then it was like it's kind of
right it kind of chain effect yeah it all goes together right if your gait changes on all of a
sudden then your hips it's screwed it's like... Start with your feet, eh, Witt?
Oh, my God.
Ankles, Bugsy?
Bugsy doesn't have ankles, but my ankles, I mean...
Yeah.
And I'll say this.
Considering that those chain events were happening,
his body was being affected by it,
if he wasn't as dedicated to his health
regarding his diet, whether it's training,
he would have fallen off.
Yeah, for sure.
He has not.
No.
He's battled through that, and he's still an elite player.
Remember the beginning when he came in and Barry Melrose was the coach
and said this kid can't play in the NHL?
Yeah, I was his winger.
Oh, so you do remember that.
We were like, just take Bugsy off his line.
Artutin.
Evgeny Artutin.
The biggest animal I've ever seen.
Like, clean hit, just separating shoulders, breaking collarbones.
He's like when you get the star in Mario Kart and anything you run into just goes flying away.
That was Artutin.
It was so fast.
Melrose loved him.
Chernobyl.
He was playing with Stamkos.
It was me, him, and Stamkos.
He just wanted us to run around and hit guys
who ever touched Stamkos.
We were just running around.
We were in Europe.
I got to fight somebody in Europe.
You fought someone in a European game?
He just crotched Stamkos from behind.
What, some poor kid in the German league?
No, he actually had a brother.
He actually ended up being a Canadian guy.
I ended up fighting his brother, too.
He was a Flames defenseman there.
I'm shocked.
You can't remember.
I can't remember.
Let me put on my surprise face.
Yeah, but Melrose...
That was 16 games.
I mean, they hired the coach before GM, before it was all like, it was the owners, and it
was just a lot going on.
They just wanted to get a name in there.
Yeah, I think so.
I mean, I think they're very passionate hockey fans, but didn't really, you know, it's obviously
a business, too.
So, I mean, there's lots of different ways to look at it.
Yeah, you think?
I mean, but Tampa's so much, Tampa's atmosphere is incredible.
The owners have done, like, legit.
They stay out of the way, don't they?
They stay out of the way, but, I mean, they really make that experience for the fans like something to remember, right?
So if you're even, like, season ticket holder, you have a jersey, you have, like, a little sleeve where you get, you know, 10 off whatever you're buying, just little things like that.
You get three Thunder Sticks every home game.
Yeah, whatever you want.
What's his name?
The owner again? Jeff Vinnick. want. What's his name? The owner again?
Jeff Vinnick.
Okay.
He's a part-time owner, I think, of...
Or no.
Is that who gave you your contract
or were there different owners then?
No.
Lawton was the GM.
Oh, okay.
He got the contract.
You want to talk about your time in Tampa?
I don't know.
What happened in Tampa that was good for you?
You guys went to the Easter Conference Finals.
The weather.
He goes, the weather.
What did he say?
The weather.
No, you had 26 your first year, man.
Oh, we had some good teams.
I mean, look at us.
Marty and Vinny and Stan.
We had some good teams.
I think we lost the fucking Boston game seven, like won nothing.
Oh, it was an unreal game.
First NHL game I've ever been a part of where there's no penalties.
There wasn't a penalty in that game?
No.
That's awesome.
I mean, now saying if there was ones that were deserved,
I mean, maybe it got to the point where it was prison rules out there,
but the flow, everybody's into it.
I played three minutes, two minutes a game sometimes
because we'd get into penalty trouble early,
or they would, where it would be special teams,
and then Tip would know, well, like, fuck, he's not really into it.
He's had three shifts and two periods have gone by.
I ain't playing one of those.
Yeah, he's got no juice now.
At that point, I'm fucking useless.
Yeah.
People don't understand that either.
Like, when you sit around, it's like,
oh, get up and just hop on these and fly around real quick.
Yeah, that's why it's, yeah, those top-end guys,
you just keep sending them out there.
Especially when there was extra sand in your skates those mornings.
That was really hard for you to get going.
That's not a good nickname in Pittsburgh.
All of a sudden, when you're a free agent and your nickname's Sandman,
you're like, shit, boys, please stop.
I was joking around.
I'm like, does someone put fucking sand in my teaks?
Skates feel a little heavy today.
They're calling me Sandman.
Yeah, like, I just gave myself the nickname Sandman.
I'm an NHL hockey player.
And then I remember Orp.
Like, every time we skated, Orp would be like, come on, Sandman.
Pick your feet up, Sandman.
I went to Orp a thousand games. Awesome.man, pick your feet up, Sandman. I won't work a thousand games.
I know.
Congrats, Orp.
What an animal.
Yeah.
Talk about eating like a bird.
He lives that Brady life.
Yeah.
Like no processed anything, I don't think.
Yeah.
I mean, he's had some big injuries too to overcome.
There's another guy.
I mean, you can't, if you're not going to take
care of yourself like obviously we're poor examples of that you're you're toast you're
once those injuries once one comes they're going to pile up if you're not doing the right things
off the ice you play 700 games or you play a thousand yeah exactly or that's a big difference. Fourteen hundred. Five, six years. This is Marlo at 15 something.
He plays 1,500 games.
Thornton, too.
Thornton, too.
Imagine if you were still playing in the NHL right now.
It hasn't been that long, but I feel like it's 20 years ago.
I thought about this.
Yager.
Yager.
My dad used to work for the Penguins, so he'd be in the locker rooms wherever as a kid.
So he came in 18.
Yeah.
Yager.
I was playing ping pong and whatever with him
and get to play on the ice he's like oh fuck little bugsy fuck i'm getting too old you know
i should retire remember you yeah and then i retired before he even retired i know think about
that think about that oh my god this guy watches you like he watched when you grow up a little kid
watch me make the nhl and I retired, and he's like,
cool, man, I'm going to keep playing.
Yeah, he's like, oh, wait, Bugsy, you're already done?
Yeah, I remember when you were just eating donuts in the locker room,
asking for autographs, and I outlasted you.
Yeah, that's good.
I actually think that playing that, I mean,
it's going to be so weird for Patrick Marleau when he retires.
Because the longer you play, the more that after you're like, this is so bizarre.
Like, I know nothing else.
Like, you know, at least I sort of remembered 10 years ago from when I turned pro.
Like, all right, well, now I'm back to civilian life.
He doesn't know.
They don't know anything but hockey.
Like, they have to stay in the game, I think, guys like that.
100. Yeah. I mean, obviously, all the passion's there. Yeah. anything but hockey like that they have to stay in the game i think guys like that 100 yeah
yeah the passion's just like patrick marlowe like why will he ever want to stop playing right now
he's still good he could still well he's those skates are gonna be stopped getting made that's
his issue those rebox he was done when those things well maybe they'll prep a few pairs for
him maybe i guess they're done making them bug, didn't you say you know all about this picture here? Yeah, I did.
What do you know about that picture?
I love this.
Well, I've seen it in color form.
You said it was in the movie Cars, right?
Yeah, it is.
In the animated movie?
That's an animated movie, correct.
Yeah, that is.
So is this from 1966 or something?
I'm pretty sure, from the looks of it, from this angle.
I could have sworn I've driven.
Is that what, from L.A. I'm pretty sure from the looks of it from this angle. I could have sworn I've driven. Is that what, from LA to Vegas?
What's the...
I think it's deep.
I mean, you could sit there and stare at this picture.
I was enjoying it until Bugsy said it's from the movie Cars,
which is an animation once again.
Before then, I really enjoyed it.
Some people can't see what we're looking at,
so let's describe it.
It's just like a long desert road with an enormous mountain in the back.
Or do you know what?
Go see the movie Cars.
There's some, is it cumulus clouds?
I took meteorology in high school.
Talk about a job you can get away with.
The hockey coach at Thayer Academy also taught meteorology.
And I took it, and I just remember one thing from class.
You know when the rays are shining down through the clouds?
Sure.
Those are called crepuscular rays.
How unbelievable is that?
Every time I see them, whoever I'm with,
I swear to God some some of my
friends have heard me say it 15 times because every time i say boys you know that's a crepuscular ray
i'm not even trying to be funny right now no i i know but but it's your one shot at like
sounding intelligent and it's the most intelligent sounding word if you say the word crepuscular rays
immediately people are like this guy knows what he's talking about.
Holy shit, you're at Harvard. This guy is on
another level. What Ivy League
school did you attend? We had to
memorize what types of clouds,
the thickness of the clouds, and I don't
remember any of those. I think there's cumulus.
I took weather in college
as well. Oh, nice to hear from you,
Mike. Actually, it's meteorology,
so immediately you don't know what you're talking about.
It's not a weather class.
I took weather and weather two.
Oh, okay.
Plymouth State education for you right there.
So my version of that is when a guy maybe has a little discharge out of his cock.
He's like, this, could you look at this?
I'm going to say, yeah, that's chlamydia, not gonorrhea.
So I basically sound like a doctor.
What does that have to do with the weather?
At least you know the difference.
No, I said it was my version of Witt sounding intelligent.
Yeah, he can only sound intelligent when talking about a certain STD, apparently.
That's when you know you're best nasty.
You might need the shot and the pills.
That's definitely gonorrhea.
Oh, Jesus.
Did you graduate from college?
Huh?
Did you graduate from college?
Not yet.
Four years he played at St. Cloud and didn't graduate.
Want to know why?
Is that a crime?
Want to know why?
Because he left to play in the NHL right after senior year, okay?
But he went out the night before and missed all the calls.
Didn't you almost miss your flight?
Don't lie.
Bugsy.
No.
You didn't?
Well, I think something happened like that.
I'm not really exactly sure.
Like, Bugsy, would he be in trouble if you say what happened?
Yeah, they're going to go back and take away his first game played.
Yeah, they're going to go take away your contract.
It was after, yeah, last game of college.
Yeah, guys go have a good time.
He's sleeping awake.
Yeah, missed a phone call to sign and go play with the Big Pens.
Missed it.
That night, just like in Detroit. Sle Missed a phone call to like sign, go play with the big pens. Missed it. That night.
Just like in Detroit.
Slept through his first NHL game.
But then it was like, I think we ended up, I don't even know.
I think I just went down to Wilkes-Barre for like three games.
You went down to Wilkes-Barre and the story I was told, he comes down to Wilkes-Barre
and like, you know, right away, he's got a presence and he gets on the, he's so fired
up to go.
Oh God.
Oh God.
First. What do you tell it? talking to your mic run oh thanks biz
so about to get you know get on the ice run out or whatever step on a fucking puck
who puts the pucks right by you step on i don know. And so I tried to like jump over one,
but land on another one.
Fall.
Whole nerd,
whole warmup,
just trying to work on just calming the nerves.
I think I had my helmet so tight too.
Like couldn't even get one.
Couldn't even get one knuckle.
I thought you had no bucket in warmups.
That was like.
Yeah, probably.
Oh, you're saying once the game started.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
You were choking yourself out. At a college college full cage going to the big boys that's
what you tell the mma instructor now like the first time i worked with choking out was myself
in an ahl game when my chin strap was up to my ears so my dad's like you know what it doesn't
matter if you win the fight you just gotta show up and then you got speed bagged there was a little
bit of no you were getting you got speed bagged. There was a little bit of... No, you were getting...
You got speed bagged, and then you became good, though.
Well, then I had to go learn.
I'm like, Dad, I don't think just showing up is really helping my team.
I think, Dad, I'm showing up to all these fights,
but I'm bleeding at the end of every one of them,
and we get scored on the next shift.
Kelly Buckberger was my first roommate.
I think we were...
Your roommates were lucky.
My first pro fight, we were in Long Island.
Eric Harnes is going after Mario. And Ezzo's like, go break... And I think we're roommates with Bucky. My first pro fight, we're in Long Island.
Eric Harns is going after Mario.
And Edzo's like, go break Yashin's wrist.
I'm like, fuck.
I'm like, Bucky, is he serious?
He's like, no, no, just go fight someone.
So actually, I think I went after Harnsy.
And thank God we had Steve McKenna. Oh, yeah, he was big.
And he came in right as, thank God, because I probably wouldn't be here talking to you probably.
Carnsey would have murdered you.
Oh, he was the man.
Oh, he played in Pitt.
He was in Pitt.
He was in Pitt.
Oh, I remember he had a fight with Goddard in Pitt one time when Goddard was on the Islanders, I believe.
Was he on the Islanders, Goddard?
Yeah, he was.
Oh, my God.
They had a fight.
I'm almost positive it was them.
That's back when those fights were just...
Eric Goddard's probably one of the toughest
heavyweights to ever do it.
He's not a name that gets thrown around a lot
in that category.
He's one guy.
When I came up with Pittsburgh, he was
the heavyweight. I was kind of like the light heavyweight.
It's Sid and Gino. Which helps you. You get the second guy was the heavyweight. I was kind of like the light heavyweight. Yeah, yeah. It's Sid and Gene.
Which helps you.
You get the second guy on the other team.
You think?
One year we had like LaRock and Robertson.
We had a good group of them.
But Goddard is a mutant.
He used to throw.
And he wasn't even that jacked.
He just threw hammers.
He was the one guy i probably would i would
have been more scared to fight him than probably colt more in his prime really yeah wait so that
first fight what happened that night so uh i ended up fighting sven buchenshan and i had no idea what
i was doing so i like i was just trying to do the matthew barnaby and like talk shit as he's punching me in the face so this isn't hurting i little knocked out i little punch me i think like three times
i'm talking shit and then i think i like throw one as like we're like on our knees on the ground
i just get worked i go into the room they're like boxy what the hell are you doing i'm like
i have no idea just trying as crazy as possible you're like i'm basically
hoping that they all say like this guy's out of his mind i was just hoping for the best
buck bucky was your roommate yeah think about that 20 years you've been playing and there you still
it's crazy that there were roommates for veterans back then yeah yeah and i mean he was getting done
playing his 18th season wasn't he? He played a long time.
So he was just getting done.
Was he fighting a lot then at the end of his career still?
Yeah, remember?
We were losing games like seven.
We were like losing 7-2, and he's like blocking shots.
He's just a warrior.
Who did he go after all the time?
Oh, Brashear.
Bucky's chasing Brashear around one game,
and everyone's like, oh, God, just leave him alone.
And then Bucky ends up, you know, brash one fight,
and then finally does, and then Bucky's just in the penalty box.
Just looked so disheveled.
Just disheveled.
But, man, he was a warrior.
He was awesome.
Buckberger was a warrior.
He wasn't very big either.
He was not big.
He looked like he had a leather face
i he had the leather straps i think on his ear strap yeah he had the mess he's like he looked
like he was like benjamin button but the older version but like leather you know i'm saying he's
like a different looking guy edmontonian i believe he coached me and oh he's a great great guy i
remember i got traded there he loves the he's like you live with bugsy oh jesus how's bugsy doing he was funny played with him
oh you want to talk about being a dad your dad life sure yeah that's good yeah what do you got
two kids two boys yeah ten and eight oh are they are they handsome little devils they're doing
pretty good bugsy was ugly as sin to me he's like 20 years old
10 year old's like hey dad you know me and molly are just gonna go to the movies you can just drop
us off i'm like what 10 years old yeah i'm like no you can't go to the movies like especially
without me there like 10 years old's young to be going on a date i know i imagine being 10 and
going hey dad you're gonna drop me and my girl off at the movies?
And actually run in and get me the tickets.
I'll wait in the car.
Bugs is like, okay.
She just gave me the keys.
I was like, no, no, no.
And I'm like, listen,
there's going to be a lot of distractions in life.
You got to stay focused here.
Trust me, kid.
I learned the hard way.
Yeah.
I love the fact that he's already trying to go on dates.
I don't think he really knows what it is.
I think he's like...
Oh, I think he knows exactly what it is.
I think he's a 10 going on 20.
You're going to find rubbers in his bathroom.
His en suite in a fucking mansion in Minnesota.
Bugsy's like,
man, did you shoot your pucks today?
God, just stay out of your room with your girlfriend.
Hey.
He's 10 years old.
Hey, Bugsy's going to get back from this all-star weekend
and his fucking 10-year-old's going to call him aside
and be like, hey, Dad, do you mind if I talk to you?
You're going to be a granddad.
Sure, buddy.
He's like, I got her knocked up.
You're going to be a grandfather.
Listen, listen.
Hey, most people are like, no.
Bugsy's like, I'm going to be the most jacked grandfather on the planet.
I'm going to be the best looking grandfather out there.
What's wrong with you?
No, but.
He's like, dad, dad, I know you're upset.
I like what you told me, Bugs.
What?
I've reset this on the podcast.
I've used it.
You told your sons If they ever see someone
Getting bullied
They're allowed to just go
Punch
No
Oh
Well I mean
You can't just walk over
And just talk to someone
But you're
Yes go help
Are you backpedaling
No
Let's pull the audio up
I'm just
Yeah
No it wasn't
We never talked
We talked about this in Scotland
And he's like
I told my son
See someone getting bullied
You go knock them in the temple.
Knock them in the temple?
I said temple.
Okay.
Maybe I made up temple.
Okay.
Okay.
There we go.
And if you made up that word, you probably made up the other two.
I mean, percentages are in my favor.
Did you imagine this if you were hammered in Scotland playing golf?
We had some sort of discussion, right, Bugs?
Okay.
Yes. Okay, so what's your theory right, Bugs? Okay, yes.
Okay, so what's your theory on bullying?
Obviously, it's ridiculous.
So get in there and help.
I completely agree.
I mean, I commend you for it.
That's how it all got brought up.
I thought that was great of you.
I mean, think about it.
We were sitting here now watching somebody out there getting, you know, taking advantage.
But it's very ironic because you bullied me and you bullied all these other young guys.
I guess it was in a loving way.
Yes, it was a tough love.
Fuck, take it.
What do you move on?
I just always knew to do whatever my elders told me to do in locker rooms.
That was kind of how I lived.
I think it's a little different now.
Yeah, the old guys, I don't think even the coaches don't give them much slack.
I got yelled at for cutting Brett Connolly's pants in Montreal.
I forget what he said.
He might have just talked back or stole my hot dog.
I just chopped his suit pants right where the pockets hang.
You're like, short shorts.
And Stevie Y was like, that's too much, folks.
That's too much.
He said that?
Yeah, I was like, fuck, Cole.
Fuck, he did something that was disrespectful.
He's like, what'd he do to you?
He was like, talk back to me.
He's like, hey, he's got his's like, talk back to me. He's like, Bugsie, you cut his brand new suit.
Remember when we used to sit on the bus?
You don't get off the bus until all the vets get off the bus.
You don't eat until the vets eat.
Bugsie's like, Stevie, I offered him a Jgermeister.
He said no.
Are you fucking kidding me?
What do you think I'm going to do?
He's lucky I can come in his car and have him.
A Jgermeister, Stevie?
Has the game changed that much?
I remember not being able to like,
I remember, I've said this a million times,
when I yelled, come on, Wrecking Ball.
It was a rookie, and I was yelling to Mark Wrecking,
come on, Wrecking Ball in the locker room.
We shaved Witt's hair at Wrecking Ball.
Wrecking Ball at his house.
Yeah, they did.
They shaved my head.
And what a team player Matt Murley is.
Yeah, and Merle's is like, I'll do it too.
He knows the best.
Murls is a treacherous guy.
Oh, the biggest foxhole buddy in the world, maybe, Murls.
I was going to say, Dulles is a degenerate.
We talk about him every podcast.
He's a degenerate.
He's a degenerate.
He always says that.
I'm a degenerate.
Yeah, he's the one that I think.
I can't win a bet.
I first heard the word degenerate.
Never win a bet.
Obviously, not team wins 18 in a row. I take them. They lose. Unbelievable. I have the money line. I have the puck line. They win a bet. I first heard the word degenerate. Never win a bet. Obviously, not team wins 18 in a row.
I take them.
They lose.
Unbelievable.
I have the money line.
I have the puck line.
They win by one.
I'm the biggest mush in the world.
All I want to do is gamble.
I can't win.
We got to go back to Stevie Y.
You want to talk about Stevie Y a little bit?
Sure.
He was awesome.
You had a good relationship with him?
Yeah.
Like the best of any of the GMs I've had.
Oh, really?
So you would just go up and shoot the show with him sometimes?
Or he even would come tell us.
We just had a core group of players in Tampa.
And we let go of Steve Downey at one point.
And he was a close friend to all of us.
And he just came and kind of told us, hey, we have to make this move.
And I know it kind of sucks.
But it was obviously for the franchise and everything.
So he was very cool about all that.
And then even when he moved Smitty to kind of let us, the core guys,
which is pretty cool.
Wait, do you think he'll go back to Detroit?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
I mean, what happened?
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah, I think so.
I mean, it looks like that. It makes sense. mean, it looks like that's what's going to happen.
Were you shocked that he left them when he did?
Yeah.
Well, I think it was on the owner pressuring him,
like, you need to make your decision now.
Don't wait until the end of the year.
I think he wanted to know now the owner of Tampa.
Wow.
Okay, so that's not common knowledge.
And you're not spilling the beans.
I don't know that. Bob McKenzie might know that, but I's not common knowledge. And you're not spilling the beans. I think it's just like...
I don't know that.
Bob McKenzie might know that, but I didn't know that.
You're telling me that it was kind of like...
Well, if you're not going to resign here,
maybe it's get going sooner rather than later.
Yeah, and I think Breeze Wah has been there for so many years.
And he's supposed to be his next guy somewhere.
So then they probably think,
let's use this time to see if Breezeball is able to handle the top-end job.
Yeah.
Wow.
Okay.
So I bet you a lot of people listening wouldn't have known that, and I didn't.
So I'm happy to know that now.
Did I know he was going to probably move over to Detroit?
Sure.
It was just weird that like, okay, why wouldn't he just finish out the year and then do it?
Yeah.
No, I think all the time it was like, oh.
And at first you think, okay, is he healthy and making sure he's okay, and I think all that's good.
So it's like, okay, it's more of a business decision.
That didn't even cross my mind.
You meant like mentally or physically?
Well, just anything, yeah.
When someone like, you know, she's kind of shocking,
they're rolling.
Of course.
Well, we had Alex Kaloran on, and he said he came in
and addressed the team, and yeah, all of them
were very surprised.
Yeah.
But he was a you know he's a
pro he's he's awesome we we've talked about on the podcast we said that he's probably by the time
he's finished if he's able to like do what he did in tampa in detroit he'll be the greatest player
slash transition into brass ever no question i mean he might even always called it yeah those
are the canadian teams right
he put all the olympic teams together yeah he did the last last couple of years i think i could
fucking throw an olympic team together for team canada and i think we'd fucking make we could
throw canada's second team in there like okay this team might win the gold well maybe i don't know
i mean oh okay maybe i don't know okay okay here's a question for you.
How weird was that the way the St. Louis and Stevie Y situation played out?
To me, that was so odd.
Yeah.
St. Louis.
St. Louis.
I didn't say St. Louis first, did I?
I was like, did you work with the Blues?
Oh, he's talking about Martyy st louis the hall of
famer where his last name's louis not lewis how about that song never heard that song a few times
you're building probably or in tampa louis louis oh my god they would play it after he scored right
louis louis damn i'm gonna get torched for calling him st louis that's all i'm thinking about so
anyway let's talk about that bargaining and. You're bargaining and torturing. You play in the league.
You play against them.
It was a brain fart.
All right.
I'm French.
Who just was named the power play coach
for the Columbus Blue Jackets?
St. Louis was?
The St. Louis Blues named their guy
St. Louis, the power play coach
for Columbus.
Let's talk about that situation.
I think Marty wanted to, you know,
obviously finish his career in Tampa,
and he gave a lot to that.
And I think personally it was just, you know,
he's such a passionate person, obviously,
from even obviously his whole career,
his whole life, what he's doing now.
Like he's coaching all three of his kids life what he's doing now like he's coaching
all three of his kids hockey teams and helping that program loves it like showing them video
like just passionate fist pumping behind the bench is like into it um and then i think you know you
see i have a brain fart now well you're saying that he you're saying that he wanted to stay there
and Heisman didn't want to resign him?
No, I think that's when Marty then got cut from the Olympic team.
Stevie Wise, the GM.
That put gas on the fire.
I think so.
I think that was kind of like, oh, now you're trying to...
Well, I mean, I've never been in that situation
where if I'm the go-to guy and my GM doesn't believe in me, it's kind of hard.
Like, you want me to win the Stanley Cup with me, but not.
Yeah, you're telling me you don't think.
So if you're going to pick one guy, like, if I'm a GM, I would have to.
Like, for me, I would have to pick my guy.
Because you believe in him for your team.
Yeah.
Do you?
I mean.
What, there was an injury, though, correct?
He ended up making the team.
Yeah.
But then he's kind of like, well, no, fuck you.
You didn't want me originally.
I'm just playing this out through the head of somebody who,
you said he's a proud person, right?
Yeah.
Here's why I wouldn't make a good GM.
This is one reason.
Just let me talk.
It might be those joggers too. I'm is i'm too i'm too much of a guy's guy and i'm
too like i wear my heart on my sleeve where like a guy who'd put the time in for me like a guy like
martin sandley we had basically said hey what do you what do you want kind of like stan bowman i
mean he had no options with the like uh tapes but with like Seabs and, you know, like,
and that's why Stevie Y, I think he's so good,
is like he's able to be like, hey,
I'm not going to think with that side of my brain.
I got to make the logical choice. Can't take it with your heart.
I got to make the logical decision what's going to be best for this team
moving forward because that's all I'm being judged on.
And for me, it'd be hard to live with the fact that St. Louis now hates my guts
because of it.
But guys who are
I mean, yeah, but they won the goal.
I mean, I think everyone knows, like you said,
Canada can go up and down.
You're looking at different combinations or penalty kill,
who's going to fit in all these little scenarios.
I mean, you know, it's so
Oh, I'm not on either side of it.
I see both sides.
I see somebody who's looking out for the best of his organization and essentially
what his job is to do to
make the team relevant and successful
and win Stanley Cups. Well, if you're
giving buddy passes around,
those are going to catch up to you. Especially
with a team that's already
achieved a lot.
They won the Cup, what was it, in
2004? Before the lockout.
Before the lockout. 2004?
2004.
Then five was canceled.
No, I didn't play 2004.
That's when you lost 10-0 to them, though,
and LeCavier, like, didn't he celebrate
when he scored his hat trick to make it 10-1 or something?
I don't know.
Yeah, you do.
Yeah, you do, and Edzo was so pissed.
We got pumped every time.
I'm like, those guys are winning the cup
because they didn't care if they were beating their ass.
They just kept coming.
Yeah, that team was sick. In 04, I'm like, those guys are going to win the cup because they didn't care if they were beating their ass. They just kept coming. Yeah, that team was sick.
In 04, I'm like, oh, fuck.
This is all you play.
This is the NHL.
Yeah.
Not in Pittsburgh where we're just grinding out.
I think I got put in two headlocks by Pavel Kabina.
That's when Marty Strack is like, Bugsy, watch this.
He goes over to the ref.
He's like, fuck you.
10 gets kicked out.
No way.
Marty Strack is like, see you bugsy i've had enough tonight i've had enough tonight i love i love the a bugs watch this
hey ref fuck you you're out of here hey good to see you i'd like to see the imagine if you
get the video of that just him skating away See you Bugs
Told ya
That works
Veteran
Hey ref
Veteran
Fuck you
See you later
Perfect
I mean it was 8
Not the 9
I mean it was
Embarrassing
It was not
It was not fun
Oh that's what was happening
You guys in Pittsburgh
Early on
Your careers
Generation X
Bugs we had Scuds
On the podcast recently
We were talking The doctor?
No the piece
Remember he was the piece
Oh yeah
But we were talking
Biz was talking about like
Scuds how many pairs of jeans you got now?
He's like one
And he's like two suits
Remember his gear?
I mean he's smart
He probably has all that money
He's probably sitting on the beach
He does
He did save it all yeah what all
should we talk about with bugsy like what other stuff have you been doing that's it just dad
stuff i've been building a pond hockey rink that's going pretty good it's pretty fun ice fishing how
about you in minnesota oh yeah bugsy's an ice fisher now you but you ice fish yeah i got a
four-wheeler upon my What, do you sit out there
and just have a couple beers
and just try to scoop some fish?
No, I just do it
if the kids want to.
Sober ice fishing with the kids.
How many?
I think you just sit there
in the hunting.
How many have you actually caught?
We caught one.
Who, Willa?
We went fishing probably
for a total of 30 minutes.
It was so cold.
Oh, I thought you meant you've transformed into an actual ice fisherman
where you're doing this on a religious basis.
No.
It's like the Grumpy Old Men movie.
You ever seen that movie?
Yeah, good show.
It's a great flick.
I don't know why I thought.
Oh, because they ice fish like Bugsy.
I've been ice fishing two times.
Well, I know you kind of played it off like you're going to be in the MMA or the UFC soon.
I kept doing.
So that's how I got into it.
I thought you were going to be on the fishing network the way you were going to be talking about it.
My kids are wrestling at home.
And I think we were watching one of the fights or the UFC fights.
Or they were watching, I think, fake wrestling.
They're like, oh, they were going crazy.
I'm like, we're going to watch some real fighting.
You know, this is real fighting.
You need to understand this isn't. i want you to see what a real fight
is yeah so and they actually besides subject they did when i was trying out in iowa my poor wills
down there and the boys for my first two games back i can two fights my first games you fought
both for your first game yeah i'm like what the hell is going why
are you fighting down there then i was i thought i was gonna try to even make the wild i felt so
good my body felt so good do you know he thought he like he like he said like after a couple years
off like he got a surgery for some vein issues in his ankle and he's like i can skate again man i
feel i can play just doing yoga i felt so good i was like this is great oh so part of the reason you had to retire was an injury on your legs yeah the sand got into his ankles
everyone just kept getting faster hey we didn't really touch much on saint cloud like apparently
this place was just special and you used to just wait you told me a story about his recruiting trip
one time.
Oh, yeah, that came up on the golf trip.
That's all he's like, I'm telling that story on the podcast.
Is that what he has to tell in the crowd?
I told the story.
I told the story on the podcast.
Yeah, I mean, it's pretty close to accurate.
Well, we want to hear it in your words.
Well, you want me to rehash the whole thing? Yeah, we want to hear it in your words uh well you aren't everyone like you want me to rehash the whole thing yeah
we want to hear it firsthand maybe hear your opinion of my story about your recruiting trip
okay well you go there you get uh you meet the coach you go to a nice dinner you they give you
some money to go bowling or something go watch a movie and then you go to the bar and then you
go to some house party and you're up all bar and then you go to some house party and you're up
all night and then you have to wake up in the morning and you go to breakfast and then you're
just tired and then you take a nap in the stands and the whole team shoots pucks you are out of control
and then what do you say and then he's probably so picture the show like you're sitting on the
bench like because they want you to watch practice you're sitting on the bench i mean you're doing
that like like the toothpicks yeah like i, you're literally just, like, trying to keep the eyes open. Blinded with floss.
Just exhausted.
I mean, I'm 20 or 19 at the time or something, you know?
Yeah, I know.
So then I'm like, I got to go up and get a better view.
So I go up to the stands just to stretch out.
To get a better view.
I'm literally hanging over, like, the seats in front of me, you know?
Tall drink of water here.
Yeah, you are.
So I'm over the front seats and front of me you know tall drink of water here yeah you are over
the front seats would end up falling asleep wake up to like a snowball because the guys like the
extra ice after practice always extra snowy it was a guy for like throwing water bottles i finally
get with a snowball it wakes me up i was like i was like shit did you did you have to say bye to
the coach after that yeah i, everyone had a good laugh.
I guess he's like, well, I'm just going to commit,
and they'll forget all about this as long as
that's why he committed.
He's like, I got to commit now.
I fell asleep at practice.
It's a bad look.
Did you get one that night?
I don't know.
That's a long time ago.
That's 20 years ago now, isn't it?
Yeah.
Long time ago.
Bugsy was a ladies' man. He won't talk about it on the pod.
He's a gentleman.
Let's get Shane O'Brien back on here.
Tell some kill stories.
I mean, we should wrap
it up. Yeah, I think it's time to wrap it up.
We have so much more content this week with this
clown. We got to go down to the beach
right now, I think, and film us on the birds.
Was that the game plan?
Let's try to knock each other off the bird.
Oh, no.
They go too fast.
We'll get injured.
Yeah, I'm not fucking around with the birds.
Bugsy.
Bugsy got in a...
How about when you crashed your motorcycle?
He had a motorcycle in college.
For like five minutes.
And he crashed it and landed on an island of grass surrounded by concrete
is that not true it was in our like a parking lot and i just ripped this garage rocking around i
didn't see the curve and flying over the animal bars and just landed around this patch of grass
like in the middle of the parking lot it's the it's the this kid's just guardian angel
so you so you sold it right after that no problem i So you sold it right after that? I had no problem.
I had to buy it right after that.
That was his test drive.
He's like,
guess I'm buying that one.
With that.
That seems to happen
with a lot of things in your life.
You go to St. Cloud,
you get fucked up.
You're like,
I guess I got to come here.
Go for a test drive,
fuck out the motorcycle.
Guess I got to buy it.
Test drive a Hummer
crashes it
up
guess it's the Hummer
Mario has one though
Mario had a Hummer?
those guys would always give me shit
Mario didn't have a Hummer
just you
it was just my first year
in the league
so I'm like
fuck if I make the Penguins
I'm getting a Hummer
in my first year
like signing bonus
whatever
I'm like
I never thought I'd play
in the NHL
I was like
kelly if i make it i'm that's a good why can't i buy myself he was just supposed to say that's
a good investment because it's not a good investment because you lost 12 grand driving
it off the lot and then there's probably still mcdonald's french fries in there from when you
threw them at me that time you gotta have some drive to go to the gym and that drive is a hummer
one way one way or the other.
Bugsy, we want to thank you for coming on.
We're going to get a bunch of content for you this week.
All-star week. Love you, Bugsy.
We're buzzing. We love you and
great stories. Let's do this again sometime.
Sounds good. That interview was also
brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and
confusing, but there is a simple way to buy
with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see Shani's Maple Leafs,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest players of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for great value.
As you all know, I've had the SeatGeek app on my phone for ages.
It's by far the easiest way I find a shop for tickets no matter where I am.
Boom, boom, boom.
Simple.
It saves you time and money by searching all these sites.
You tell them how much you want to spend.
They tell you what kind of tickets they have.
If you're a high roller like the Whit Dog, boom, front row.
If you're a little on the cheaper side, no big deal.
Sitting up in the last row of the balcony. But way seat geek's gonna hook you up so make seat geek
your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket from sports and concerts to comedy
and theater best of all our listeners get ten dollars off their first seat geek purchase just
download the seat geek app and enter the promo code hockey today that's promo code hockey for
ten dollars off your first seat geek
purchase seat geek right seat right now right from your phone
wit thank you bugsy what a guy um i love that you know he told me after yeah you know about 15
minutes in i really loosened up so you could tell bug tell Bugsy. You all kind of saw how much of a beauty he is.
Boyce, what else do we have going on?
I mean, I think we should mention, Grinnelli,
that we have our YouTube channel, and we are releasing a video.
I think it was one of the funniest moments we had out there involving Biz
doing a radio interview.
I'll kind of leave it at that.
But I've seen the clips of this one, and it's good.
So, Biz, you crushed it.
Should we give them the premise?
Okay.
Yeah, I've heard of this being done before,
and I brought it up to the guys while we were driving on that RV
from where, L.A. to San Jose.
No, it was L.A. to get Ari's credit card, then to San Jose.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Yeah, so he delayed us for an hour, and that's why it took us 20 hours to get there. We card then to San Jose. Oh yeah, that's right. Yeah. So he delayed us for an hour and that's why it took us
20 hours to get there. We almost missed all the content, but
I didn't break the fucking TV that night.
Oh, that's true. All right. Well, um, so the, so the premise is, is as I do this radio hit
with a radio station in Arizona on a weekly basis and the guys gave me three random words
that I had no idea what they were going to be and I had
to implement them in the course of the interview so obviously it's like ridiculous because like
some of the words that they use it's just like how the fuck am I going to get this in so um that
I'll leave it at that it was fun I was a little bit nervous going in because I didn't want to
slip up and I still had to try to get all the information that I was supposed to cover based
on the coyotes actual team and,
and how they were playing at the time.
So hopefully you guys enjoy that.
And definitely a funny moment with,
with the word that wit chose.
If you haven't seen,
we have what we're calling the core collection.
We have a bunch of new hoodies,
new t-shirts,
different colors.
We have like gray,
Navy blue,
white,
just some colors.
People have been asking classics.
Exactly.
Classics.
We got the joggers, not your standard sweatpants.
These are a little more snug on the bottom, a little tapered on the bottom,
which I never wore before, but Biz got me into them.
I'm starting to really dig them.
You're wearing joggers?
That's what I think I got up, yeah.
They're the ones that are basically tapered sweatpants, right, basically.
R.A., I laughed so hard somebody tweeted at you.
Now R.A. doesn't have to ever go clothes shopping again. That's funny I laughed so hard. Somebody tweeted at you. Now, all right. Doesn't have to ever go close.
That's funny.
Cause it's true.
So yeah, if you haven't gone,
uh,
check that out,
you go to the barstool store,
check out on the spit and check it.
So a bunch of fresh,
new,
fresh,
new duds.
So load up on them.
And I also too.
And while you're doing it,
open yourself a pink Whitney crack,
open that new Amsterdam vodka,
little,
uh,
pink lemonade,
make yourself a drink while you're shopping,
especially with the New Amsterdam vodka.
And let's go back to the league.
A couple of, I don't know if they're milestones,
but some nice markers by some teams.
Tampa Bay tied the 96 Red Wings for the quickest to reach 50 wins.
They did it in 66 games.
It's worth noting, though, the Wings didn't win the Cup that year,
so that's not maybe the best thing for Tampa Bay.
though the Wings didn't win the Cup that year,
so that's not maybe the best thing for Tampa Bay.
Tuca Raskin became one of just two goalies to have multiple game point streaks of 17 games or more.
He's in the process of one right now.
Pete Peters was the other goalie.
He did it for 27 games and 21 games.
Alexander Ovechkin, the first to score at least 45 goals in 10 seasons.
Plenty of time for 50.
I know 60 will be tough.
It's actually been 11 years since a guy scored 60.
That was Stamkos back in the day.
Really?
Yeah.
You think he's going to crack 60 or what, Biz?
I don't know.
Fuck.
How many games are left?
There's, what, 17 or 18 games left.
I don't know.
I don't think so. I don't think he will's like I don't think I don't think he will but if he does I wouldn't be surprised yeah I'm not a hater I just
like I mean are you telling me if there was a gun to my head and you're like wrong I get my brains
blown out I'd say no I hope he does it because he's so admit I feel like he's like the new LeBron
other than the fact that he doesn't tweet out his own and Instagram out his own stats and records that he's breaking.
But it's like every other month we're talking about this guy
breaking another record.
It's fucking insane.
It is pretty wild.
And, yeah, the last play to score 60 in a season was Stamkos.
It was 2011-2012.
And, actually, it's interesting.
Teams are averaging 3.05 goals.
It's a bump from last year's 2.97 goals per game.
So scoring's way up.
It's going to be interesting to see, you know, exactly where Ovechkin ends up.
But Leon Dreisaitl, he got both his 40th goal and his 40th assist
versus Columbus Saturday.
Later added his 41st, so 81.65 games for the German.
And our boy Kevin Hayes, his second game at Winnipeg,
he got a goal and two assists.
He was on the ice the last couple of minutes to help seal that victory.
He assisted on one empty net and got himself another one.
Pretty good stuff.
Did you happen to catch that game, Witz, with our boy Hayes?
I did.
I did.
Big win for them.
Big win for them.
I was impressed.
I think he does fit in perfect there.
I like when those heavyweight matchups live up to the hype.
That one went all the way to the end of the third period to to for the game winner so uh pretty cool oh also we got
to bring up uh sid with just uh sid's had a a very nobody's mentioning it but his season's been
awesome it's been incredibly at four points saturday night um against the canadians and what
feels like a must win for the penguins i I mean, it's crazy where they're at,
but just a dominating effort in Montreal where it seems like he always lights
it up. So I had to mention like, you know, my sugar daddy, Sid.
Not wrong with that. Also, we had another really like kind of tender moment.
I think it was after a Montreal Canadiens practice in Toronto.
There was a young boy standing there with this Montreal shirt on.
Carey Price went over to him and the boy,
you can hear him like kind of crying in his voice.
He was telling Carey Price, I think, a situation.
The young boy's mom just died.
And Carey Price did the most remarkable thing.
I guess it might have been easy for him.
But when he went over and just when he opened his arms up to hug this kid,
it was like, I mean, I started to like bawl my eyes.
It was such an emotional thing to see this kid who was like literally crying
to Carey Price.
And he comes over and it wasn't anything rehearsed. just inst yeah instinct instantly just put his arms open to hug
this guy and he didn't just give him like a little hug he held on for a few minutes said some words
uh signed a couple sticks from him gave him a bunch of merch it was just i mean you want to
say it was hot woman but it's it's really bittersweet because the poor little guy lost his
mom but you know to have carrie price do that this kid's gonna remember forever and maybe just take a little bit of the sting away from him just for a couple days because he obviously went
through a huge trauma but you know full marks to carrie price man it was it was a beautiful thing
he did it might have been a small gesture but it's huge that guy biz i'm sure you caught it online
oh i'm a softy i'm watching right now my eyes are tearing up yeah it was boogers and tears for me as
well and i think i read also that his mom, before she passed away,
had promised that he would get to meet Carey Price.
And, yeah, I mean, just thinking about, you know,
how much you love your own parents and thinking about that.
And Carey Price, you said it perfectly all right.
It was very well said, the fact that he just
you could tell he held on to the kid.
And, you know, I think the ability to be able to help someone like that in that time of need for a kid like that,
like that,
that is the most satisfying thing you could ever imagine about being a
professional athlete,
like to be able to actually help this kid in any way and just be on a
shoulder to cry on.
I mean,
because you're his idol and you're the person that he just wants to be
around.
That means a lot.
And you know,
so kudos to him.
Yeah. A little bit of empathy can go a long way with people,
and that was beautiful to see.
One quick note, we did have, when we had Conley on last show,
Kevin Conley, not Eric, we did say, I think we called him our first celeb,
but we had Bill Burr on.
We got to give Bill Burr some love.
He's a celebrity we did have on before.
No disrespect to Conley, but we got to give props to Burr.
Sure.
I saw him more as a comedian
of that title, so my bad.
Yeah, well, he's an actor, too.
When you asked me, when you said celebrity, I thought
you meant, like, actor, so I just went with
I said, yeah. Thank you. Thank you, G.
Oh, Bill Burr is an actor, so that's, you know.
All right.
All right, all right. I can see you, right?
Fuck me off me.
Hey, Biz, the other night, Josh Bailey, do you know him by any chance?
Do you have a number I can
I don't, but you owe him a beer.
I want to text him my biggest thanks.
I owe him a few beers.
I don't know if he caught the game the other night.
I had the Capitals.
Actually, it was Friday night.
I did tweet out.
A few people said to me, dude, the Islanders are going to have a huge letdown
after the big emotional win over Toronto, jump all over the Capitals.
It took a few periods for them to get going, but they were up 2-1.
Everybody needed the empty netter for the puck line,
and God bless Josh Bailey.
He turned around to pass it to his defenseman who wasn't there,
and straight into the net.
I think it was that Nelson was going toward the puck.
I don't know if he was tired from the third game of four nights.
He didn't look like he made too much of a diving effort
to keep the puck out of the net.
I was happy.
It was an 8,000 swing for me.
So kudos to Josh Bailey for the own goal.
It was big for me.
That is wild.
Congratulations on that bet.
And I'd have to agree.
I think that's Nelson's fault just as much as it is Bailey.
Bailey sees him.
He's skating back.
And the minute he hits the back shoulder of Bailey,
he just shuts it down.
And there was a guy coming from the red line to pressure down on Bailey.
So he's got to send it back to relieve pressure.
You got to hit the reset button in that situation.
You're not risking that play.
But I think both guys biz were saying like,
are both guys are at fault.
Whereas yeah,
he shut it down,
but Bailey also put a little extra oomph on it.
He could have done a real soft.
Hey, listen, I I'm saying he's just as much to blame oh yeah the fact that that you got to maintain that momentum because he's throwing that puck based on how fast you're skating when he sees
you so the minute he comes out of bailey's sight like when he's not visible anymore and it's
peripheral he shuts it down it's just bad bad timing. It was a tough way to
give up an empty netter, but RA 8K, is that what you want? Yeah, basically, instead of splitting,
I'm sorry, instead of breaking even, yeah, because I hit a 500 poly for two grand. I hit a 250 AF
for two grand. Then I had him flat. I had him puck line. Basically, yeah, it was a huge swing.
And it's interesting to hear you guys talk about that, how one decision by a guy, maybe a mental error perhaps,
leads to other people making a shitload of money.
And speaking of that, let's go to the gambling corner.
We've got a couple of picks for you in a little bit.
Before we get to the gambling corner,
I just want to ask a small favor of our listeners.
We have a survey we want you to fill out.
It's going to help us serve you better.
Go to bossbluesports.com slash chicklets dash survey. Go to that site. It's going to help us serve you better. Go to barstoolsports.com slash chicklets dash survey.
Go to that site. It's a quick little survey. Ask you a few questions. It's not hard at all.
It only takes a couple minutes. And again, it will help us out to serve your needs better.
Again, that address is barstoolsports.com slash chicklets dash survey. Help us out and we'll help
you out. One quick note before I get to my picks the blackhawks have
cashed 14 consecutive overs in the overs 21 and 1 in that last 22 that's yesterday it was in the
first period i think or the beginning of the second period was already covered yep yep they
had this actually six goal um was six minutes into the second which was made the game 3-3 which
made it an automatic winner so yeah i mean the only thing is a lot of people have been on those first period overs.
Dude, will you lay minus 190, Whitney, for a bet?
Will you lay that big bet?
But I'm really desperate.
I'll do anything.
So you would.
Yeah.
All right, a couple picks.
These are both Tuesday night.
Columbus is at New Jersey Tuesday.
Jackets, as we know, went all in.
They got Duchesne.
They hung on to Panarin and Bobrovsky.
They are playing tonight, Sunday as well.
So I hate picking games when teams are playing not knowing the results.
But either way, I like Winnipeg and New Jersey on Tuesday.
I'm sorry, Columbus and New Jersey on Tuesday.
On the money line, Jersey's going down one way.
Columbus, I got to think they got to stop putting it together a little bit.
If not tonight, then definitely Tuesday. And also, is at LA later that night. The Habs will
beat 5-1 on home ice Saturday night. They'll have a few days to stew about it. Kings are at the
bottom of the conference, seemingly playing out the string. So take the Habs money line Tuesday,
if it's not ridiculously high, and jump on the puck line as well well if it's at least plus 150 or higher. So again,
Columbus and Montreal, both
Tuesday night, both money line and
also puck line with Montreal.
That wraps it up for R.A.'s Gambling
Corner, but speaking
of money, how about JVR
giving up his hat trick so Konecki
could hit a bonus. We're going to roll the audio
right now. This is post-game
in the locker room. Couturier had
their helmet, like their player of the game
object, and he gave
it to JVR for that, and then JVR had
some funny comments after about connecting
trying to pick up a team dinner, so here, roll it.
Boys, great job tonight.
Way to find a way to get two points
here. It wasn't pretty, but
we found a way, and that's what good
teams do. Talbs, congrats on the first win with us. You played well.
I gotta give this to you know a guy that was really unselfish could have had a hottie
and gave it to TK at JVR.
All right boys big win tonight for us.
We know where we're at and just got to keep this thing rolling.
And TK, we'll take a dinner for that bonus.
And lastly, my boy Taylor Pyatt, him and his beautiful wife Danielle
had their second baby girl.
Shout out to him, Penelope Ann Pyatt.
She's gorgeous, healthy.
And I'm going to have my work cut out for me,
for his daughters.
I'm going to be fucking at high school making sure these hockey players
and athletes are staying away from them,
and they're not locking up guys like me, dirtbags like me,
and good guys that are going to treat them the right way.
What are you laughing at, Whit?
Uncle Pauly.
All of a sudden they're like, Uncle Pauly,
why are you talking to the teacher so often though?
Why were you rubbing the teacher's back?
Oh,
come on.
All right,
boys.
Um,
great episode.
Yeah.
Lots,
lots to talk about.
Everybody have a great week.
Peace out.
You've got a friend in me.
You've got a friend in me. You've got a friend in me.
When the road looks rough ahead and you're miles and miles from your nice warm bed.
You just remember what your old pal said.
Boy, you've got a friend in me.
Yeah, you've got a friend in me. Yeah, you got a friend in me.
You got a friend in me.
