Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 156 of Spit and Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam
Vodka.
Let's say hello to the gentlemen today.
Let's go to Paul Biznasty.
Biznasty, where are you right now, Paul?
Arizona.
Tough loss for the Coyotes to the Anaheim Ducks on Tuesday night.
Anaheim played hard, and I'd imagine the boys are pretty fired up
for Kessler's 1,000th game.
So we'll get into that a little bit later.
So the wagon has been halted a little
bit but uh hey still a couple games left on this homestand for the coyotes absolutely next up ryan
whitney uh buddy where are you jersey right now pal doing a little nhl network stuff i'm in jersey
i'm in secaucus jersey um yep going on it was on last night with weeks he had a blast a lot of fun
games uh tuesday night around the, a bunch of overtime games.
I won a bunch of money.
Thank you, R.A.
So how are you guys doing?
You're very welcome.
Doing all right.
And last but not least, our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, boys?
Very excited.
Tons of big guests today, so probably our biggest ever,
so I'm very excited.
Absolutely.
Now that you let the cat out of the bag,
we do have Connor McDavid and Leon Dreisaitl.
Join us a little later.
We got two for the price of one out in San Jose a couple weeks back.
And we also have Matt Cullen on.
He just played in his 1,500th game Tuesday night,
so we'll be getting a nice fresh interview with him in a little bit.
But first off, I had some sad news from the NHL world.
Red Wings legend Ted Lindsey passed away on Monday at the age of 93.
No cause was given.
The Hockey Hall of Fame, he was the left winger on Gordie Howe's production line.
They won four cups back on those fabled Red Wings teams back in the 50s.
He had 851 points in 1,068 games, 11-time All-Star.
They actually waived the three-year waiting period for him.
And perhaps most importantly to the players of today and the future,
Ted Lindsey was instrumental in starting the NHL Players Union,
which is ironic.
He was known as Terrible Ted because he was a mean, nasty player,
which actually compliments.
But, Biz, what did you know about Ted Lindsey, you know, over your career?
How much did you know about him playing?
Well, I mean, yeah, mainly, I mean, I didn't have a chance to watch him play,
but just his involvement in starting the NHLPA, which, I mean, we take the player side.
I was a player.
It's been awesome.
I mean, they've set us up nicely regarding pensions, medical,
and all these other things.
So I'm thankful for everything he's done off the ice
and, of course, the impact he had on.
Weird that Terrible Ted was his nickname.
He wasn't a very big guy, but this guy must have just been a wrecking ball
on the ice and kind of that old school style of play,
a lot of dirty elbows and cheap shots.
It was a different style back then, man.
You had to be tough as nails to play in the NHL back then.
Hey, I'm going to be completely honest. This is a tough loss for the players.
This really is. And when you look at back at people who changed the game, Ted Lindsay's right
there. I mean, the, the, the players association and, and what it was like for players before,
you know, he and other guys, I'm going to find those names for us. We're going to list all five
of them. But they started the players association and they made Ted the president because it
was all his idea.
And you know what?
It got them traded out of Detroit.
They sent him right to Chicago.
And before the, you know, the players association players, they had to make a choice between
where they're going to, you know, play pro hockey or get a job that they could make a
lot more money making and, you know, live their life without ever getting the chance because they wouldn't make enough to support their family.
So life was very different.
And all the players, what we and they and all you guys make today, he was a main reason for that.
So you always look back at people who changed history in the game.
And not only did this guy do it with his stats and with his play on the ice
and his four Stanley cups and all,
all the accolades he kind of accumulated.
Well,
he did it off the ice too.
And it was,
it was just an insane story to see and read about.
I want everyone to go and read Craig Custance's article in the athletic
about Ted Lindsay.
I believe he wrote it this summer.
At some point, I couldn't believe what I was reading. I mean, this is a guy who boycotted
his own NHL Hall of Fame induction because no women were allowed. It was a stag night for the
boys. Can't say I hate that idea, but at the same time, Ted Lindsay was, you know, man enough then
to say, listen, I'm not, what I've put my family through and what they've sacrificed for me to play hockey.
I'm not going unless they're there. And it was changed forever.
And so it's never ending things. And I had a couple of guys text me, make sure you give him a proper and a big shout out,
because the game for players today is is an incredible life.
I mean, we appreciate it. We know how good it is.
We make jokes, but it is the best life you could ever live.
And when he started, it wasn't, and he changed that.
He was one of the guys to really change it all.
So rest in peace, Ted Lindsey.
Yeah, anytime you put your own career at risk in order to do what you think
is good, I can lend that, and that's huge.
I read something.
When he was playing playing he was making like
twenty five hundred dollars and you had to sell his uh his like chipped and broken sticks for 25
cents a pop in order to kind of to make do so uh you know there's a lot of stories that i'm sure
that are out there about how incredible this guy was and and like i said he did a lot for us so i'm
very thankful for what he has done he's definitely definitely a man of principle. And in 2010,
the NHLPA renamed its most outstanding player award after him.
It was previously the Pearson award, which is named after a prime minister.
I think Ted Lindsay is a much better choice.
They said he was actually still working out at the Red Wings facility into his
nineties up until a couple of years ago. So picture here, you know,
a 25 year old player, you're going in, you know, to, to practice that day.
And this an 85, 90 year old guy, like still banging out banging out weight still doing sets and you find out it's Ted Lindsey
man if that's not going to light a fire under your ass as a player I don't know what will uh one other
note too Lindsey's he's credited with originating the ritual where the team skates around the rink
with the cup uh he did that for the first time in 1950 you know like most hockey players he downplayed
his role said he just wanted to bring the cup closer to the fans.
His quote was, I started sitting there and I thought,
I'll just pick it up and I'll take it over.
I just moved along the boards.
I didn't have it over my head.
I had it so they could read it.
He said back in 2013, I wasn't starting a tradition.
I was just taking care of my fans that paid our salary.
So I think that quote pretty much sums up Ted Lindsey in a nutshell right there.
Yeah, I also was told, Danny Cleary was telling me that, um,
Jean Beliveau's name came up and Ted Lindsay would stand up if he was to talk about him.
He had such, that is so it's such, you know, is the word old school. Is it reverence? All right.
Is that the word? Yes. Yes. Such reverence for this guy. It's so old school. And I mean, yeah,
I want to, I want to give another shout out to that
article it's uh in the athletic ted lindsey used his power to change hockey and the world around
him and i'm sure there's many amazing things written about him because the amount of quotes
he gives and just stories about him that you show i mean this is an old school legend and when he
got on the ice he was a motherfucker to play against i mean you don't get that nickname, Biz. He must have been...
He got it back then and he was
5'8". What was this guy
doing? Other people said he was very
small. You wouldn't believe how small he was.
It's been
so sad to lose a legend.
93, what a run. It's also been great
because you hear so many stories.
It's an
awful way to learn more about the guy,
but I'm glad people are learning about him nonetheless.
And there was that one photo of him too, man.
He looks like Rod Brindamore, like as if he spit Rod Brindamore out.
The face, it looks exactly like him.
Check it out if you haven't seen it.
We can tweet it out from the account.
So again, our deepest sympathies and condolences to our family and friends.
Ted Lindsey, again, a titan of the game, an icon of the game,
gone at 93, and we send our condolences.
On to some other news, we want to send congratulations to Ryan Kessel.
We were just talking about him a minute ago.
He played in his 1,000th NHL game Tuesday night in Arizona
versus the Coyotes.
There's a great article in Sports Illustrated right now.
It outlines exactly how much he had to go through, how much work he had to do,
because he had this goal in mind.
He saw 1,000 games was about, I don't think, about 80 or 90 games away.
And he said he came up with a game plan.
His quote was, we had to build me an ass.
He basically lost all the muscle in his ass, so he kind of had to rebuild it.
So, you know, kudos to Ryan Kessler.
You played with him, against him.
What do you got to say about him?
Man, another guy hard to play against.
Selkie trophy winner.
Scored 41 goals in a year.
I have a vivid memory of actually in the Olympics.
I wonder if he would remember this.
But he was going back and forth with, like, Perry and Getzlaff,
one or the other.
And this was the first game we played him when we won in the round Robin or
whatever.
And I remember being like,
that a boy cast,
like,
fuck,
keep giving it to him.
Like he was just nonstop,
such a rat to play against.
And he's like,
yup,
I do this all night.
Like he just took pride and just ate it up and being that guy that everyone
hated to go against.
And then off offensively,
right.
He had some huge years.
So he was a year younger than me. So I remember playing some USA hockey stuff. You could tell right away. and being that guy that everyone hated to go against. And then offensively, right, he had some huge years.
So he was a year younger than me, so I remember playing some USA hockey stuff.
You could tell right away he's like a long, rangy center who could skate,
very good skater.
He flew.
So he's had some great years.
I mean, right now he's playing on what probably feels like half of the body he came into the league with just with all the injuries.
So credit to him, 1,000 games, no matter who it is,
no matter what you think about him.
If you're a fan of hockey, you've got to respect it
and realize that that is no joke.
We've said it a million times this year, it feels like.
Well, I watched him play Tuesday night against Arizona.
It was his 1,000th game.
He obviously had a little bit more energy.
He was going toe-to-toe with Galchenyuk, being the pest that he is.
You said it, Whit.
He embraces that rat role.
He feeds off people hating his guts.
And, you know, the type of guy that you despise to play against,
but you like having those types of guys on your team
so you don't got to worry about playing against them.
It's really unfortunate the drop-off that he's experienced
as far as a player based on his injuries.
I believe he had hip surgery a couple years ago and he just really hasn't been the same since then I mean his last like big year was 2016-17 where he had 22 goals 36 assists for 58 points
but since then I mean like you know last year eight goals six assists this year he's got five
goals three assists it's just he's just not the same player.
But the good news is, is he's able to still keep that defensive player
and mindset and still be the agitator.
So he does fill in like a fourth-line center role.
You know, the only unfortunate part is you're paying him a shit ton
of money to do it.
But nonetheless, a great run.
I don't know nothing about him personally uh you played
with him wit but uh just a guy who who played hard and and was one game away from winning a stanley
cup yeah and there's also other really good news and that is um just go to the rink three years and
you get 6.75 million so just that's great news yeah i can live with that and not only a lot of miles too, Biz, but a lot of hard miles.
He played the game a hard way.
We're not done with our congratulations today.
Next up, the Barry Trotz.
He won his 800th game at a below capacity.
Collie on Tuesday night when the Islanders beat the Sens in a shootout.
He's just the fourth coach in NHL history to do it.
So some major companies with right now, Scotty Bowman, Joel Quenwell, and Hitchcock.
Next up for Trotz will be his 600th career game
in a few weeks.
But he's another one of these guys.
I feel like we talk about him every few weeks
or a few months on the podcast,
along with like Ovechkin.
The guys are just passing these milestones.
Great coach, Trotz.
Biz, anything further to add?
No.
We've been pumping his tires as of late.
Happy he got to win a stanley cup and uh
and fuck what what he's done with that islanders team is incredible uh you did throw a quick jab
in there about the attendance uh in long island that's not going to go unnoticed because people
feel like we've been bashing the islanders glad you caught that no they're they're in a playoff
race and uh and one to win that division and they're not able to sell out a 14,000-seat arena.
Tough.
It's a tough look. It's a tough look, Frank Borelli.
Speaking of which, we got some great feedback on that little wall we had the other day.
Huh, Wits? Borelli and Avery?
Yeah, yeah. I mean, I thought it was a pretty good back and forth.
I mean, you read everything online.
For the most part, I think people said Avery got Borelli,
but then a lot of people were back at Borelli.
I mean, the player's view and the fan's view differs completely.
I mean, I think some fans, it like pisses them off that the players don't care more.
I mean, I guess it's like this in any sport,
but you can tell right away reading replies
and reading what people were writing about that interaction
that people have our views, Biz,
and kind of take like the whole players business.
It's a you're making money side.
And then Frankie Borelli is that other side of these people
who fuck every game is game seven of the cup finals, and they don't give a shit
what happens to you or as a person, really.
They just want their team to win, and if you don't do anything good
for their team, then fuck you.
So I think there will always be fans like that.
I think that's what makes sports great.
I just think playing the game makes you see a different side of it.
But either way, I thought it was an awesome interaction
because those two certainly, like, they played the role perfectly.
You know, Avery was just so quiet at the beginning,
and Frankie's just flipping out already before anything happened.
So it was perfect.
Cary Price notched his 314th win in L.A. late Tuesday night
and tied Jacques Plante for first place on the Habs all-time wins list for goalies.
Such an old franchise, that's a pretty big mark to catch. He's 29th on the all-time list, but he made some
big saves in the last minute to secure that three-to-one lead last night. How was it when
you were laying a goal and a half? I got to tell you, I was actually asleep. It was one of those
right when you know you're going to wake up in the middle of the night, you're just like,
where's the phone? And you're like, please, please, please, please, please, please, please.
And I just say, yes.
And it wasn't just a money line.
It was puck line.
So that was great.
They got out to 1-0.
I passed out when it was 1-0 in the second period still.
But, yeah, I mean, that's a great win.
That's a great win.
And Carey Price, he's been hot.
I mean, I know that maybe they get Tampa in the first round.
Tampa's the overwhelming favorite.
Who the hell wants to play Carey Price if he's feeling it? So nobody wants to play Montreal in the first round. Tampa's the overwhelming favorite. Who the hell wants to play Carey Price if he's feeling it?
Nobody wants to play Montreal in the first round.
It's not an ideal guy to have to go against, mainly because of him.
Good point.
You don't want to have to face him in the playoffs.
If he gets super hot, right?
Yeah.
He can fucking beat anybody.
We've seen it before.
Speaking of your boy, Sid Crosby man 1200
career point Tuesday night when he assisted on a Jake Gensel goal I mean there's another guy he
seems to be passing some sort of milestone or a big number around number every other week man
biz uh did you catch any of that Pittsburgh game Tuesday oh no you had the work right you had the
work yeah yeah I was following the the stat line to uh Gensel with his 30th or 31st even strength goal of the season,
which is remarkable.
A lot of those are coming from passes from Crosby.
I think he assisted on two of them last or on Tuesday night.
And, you know, he's sneakily having one of the best years in the NHL.
I mean, we really haven't talked about him as far as like the Kucherovs or the McDavids,
but he's been huge for that
team, and if they get in the playoffs,
that's pretty much because Crosby's put
the team on his back.
Yeah, one of his best regular seasons
like ever, especially lately.
I know the points aren't as high as you've
seen before, but what he's done is just
carry that team. Kessels, you know, going through
right now a little bit of a slump. That can end at any point, especially with a guy like that, but as he's done is just carry that team. Kessel's, you know, going through right now a little bit of a slump.
That can end at any point, especially with a guy like that.
But as he's not scoring, Crosby, I mean, I think that's five games in a row,
multi-point games.
So, yeah, he's kind of flying up the scoring leader's chart.
But either way, I mean, the game was just  I got to see all the goals.
The first Crosby assist, you know, Gensel gets a goal.
He then scores, obviously, like he's in front of the net. Nobody's around himby assist, you know, Gentil gets a goal. He then scores.
Obviously, like, he's in front of the net.
Nobody's around him.
Somehow, the puck just goes to him.
Nobody's ever near him.
It's like  it's a skill, obviously.
I just don't know how he does it.
How do you forget to cover that guy?
And then his third point was just such a nasty assist.
He just saw Gentil get a step on Matheson in OT,
and he just lofted one over both of them.
It landed.
You know, Gentil won the battle. The loose puck went in, had a nice goal Matheson in OT, and he just lofted one over both of them. It landed. You know, Gensel won the battle.
The loose puck went in, had a nice goal.
So that guy, too, I mean, what a season.
He got 33 now.
He's making 6 million starting next year.
I mean, that's a nice deal.
If he's going to be a 30-40 goal guy every year, I mean, that's a nice deal.
So they have a great connection, and who knows what's going to happen
with Pittsburgh this year.
They had a lot of question marks, but Crosby's had, like I said, one of the best in recent memory for him.
Yeah, and Gensel's a good player, not just because he's with Crosby,
but he's a solid player.
Like you said, with five straight multi-point games for Crosby,
he's got 24 points in his last 11 games.
So he's on a tier just getting it done.
And, again, we've got some more congratulations.
This time to Penguin Matt Cullen, speaking of the Penguins.
Penguin Matt Cullen played in his 1500th NHL game
Tuesday in the same game versus
Florida. Three-time Cup
winner. He broke a tie with Mike Madonna.
Shout out to Mike Babcock. Became just
the second American in league history to play in
1500 games. Number one, of course, is Chris
Chelios. Cullen, 42
years old, man. He's been with eight teams over
a 21-season career.
Second-round pick back in 96.
He's a guy which we were talking a while back about guys who were good in college
and kind of had to adapt their game, become a bit more of a checker.
He's another great example of it.
You must have played with and or against him too, right, Biz?
I did, and rather than talk about him, I'd rather just get him on the line.
So let's introduce Matt Cullen.
This interview was brought to you by Raycon. It's 2019. Everybody needs a great pair of wireless earbuds, but before
you go dropping hundreds of dollars on a pair, you need to check out the wireless earbuds from Raycon.
Raycon earbuds start at about half the price of any other premium wireless earbuds on the market,
and they sound just as amazing. The company was actually co-founded by Ray J, and celebrities
like Snoop Dogg are already obsessed.
Raycon's E50 wireless earbuds have totally changed the game for me.
They're so comfortable and so easy to take anywhere.
Unlike some of your other wireless options,
Raycon earbuds are both stylish and discreet,
with no dangling wires or stems.
And, of course, they don't just look great, they sound great too.
Got a little extra bass in your sound.
Like, I love that stuff, man. Rock and roll, whatever you
listen to sounds fantastic in these things. Rap,
classic music,
anything. Raycon offers their wireless earbuds
for everyone in a range of fun colors at an
unbeatable price. Go to
buyraycon.com and use the promo
code CHICKLETS to get 20 off
your order. That's promo code CHICKLETS
at buyraycon.com
for 20 off Raycon
wireless earbuds. If you've been
eyeing up here, now is the time to get an amazing
deal. One more time,
buyraycon.com
promo code CHICKLETS.
We want to welcome a first-time guest to the
Spit and Chicklets podcast. This guy just played
in his 1500th NHL
game. I actually got carpal tunnel trying to scroll down his hockey DB.
My thumb is killing me right now.
He was the second American-born player to do so.
Chris Chelios is the only other guy to reach over 1,500 games.
I believe he's played for every team in the entire league
because I don't have the time to actually read every team on this hockey DB.
Welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast, Matt Cullen.
Yeah, thanks, guys.
How are you doing?
We're doing great.
So I actually wanted to ask you one thing and really remind the listeners
that Cully played for a team named the Baltimore Bandits at one point in his life.
So that's true.
Is that where you went right after school, right after your sophomore year?
Yeah, I did. I finished, right after your sophomore year?
Yeah, I did.
I finished, like, my second year at St. Cloud State right after I finished and left school.
Actually, I didn't even tell my teacher, so I think I probably got incompletes
on all my classes that half of the year.
But I went right to Baltimore, and, yeah, it was unreal.
It was  gosh, it was, was like right in the middle of Baltimore.
So yeah, I played like a handful of games, maybe six games,
and then we had a playoff series against the Philadelphia Phantoms,
and I think we got swept three games.
So that was kind of the taste of the pros.
But yeah, the Baltimore Bandits had great jerseys too.
Man, those are cool.
So the fact that you're even alive is an accomplishment,
yet you end up playing 1,500 NHL gamesl games yeah a little bit of both yeah you're gonna like a quite a like
real world like wake-up call coming from you know small town minnesota hopping right into
playing hockey in baltimore it was it was crazy can you talk about saint cloud a little bit did
you end up running into bugsy at all? I think he missed him.
Yeah, you know, I'm actually a little older.
My cousin played with me.
He played with my cousin.
I got to know him pretty well.
I played with him a couple of World Championships
as he was getting out of school.
But yeah, I know Bugsy well just from stuff in the summer
and like I said, some World Championship stuff.
And obviously, Mark Parrish was at St. Cloud when I was there.
So I kind of got connected with all these guys.
But, yeah, we were, like, just sort of on the front end.
I think had we stayed all four years, we probably would have caught bugs
either way.
Matt, I see the boys all chipped in and got you a pimped-out Polaris.
Now, is that thing an ATV?
Is it a souped-up golf cart?
What exactly does that thing do?
I didn't get a good look at it off the ice.
Yeah, it's unreal.
It's like an ATV.
Yeah, so, I mean, you can climb mountains with that thing, I think, if you want.
It's unreal.
It's huge.
We have my family.
My dad is a hunter, so he's got one for hunting.
You can drive out
the middle of anywhere with that that thing but yeah it's cool like i you know my my three boys
were they're pretty like hard to impress they've been around the game and they've been around a lot
here the last few years in pittsburgh and everything so they're kind of hard to impress but
man they were so pumped seeing that thing last night i couldn't get them out of it
like it was unreal it was uh i I was  that was so cool.
Like, I honestly didn't expect  I thought maybe, like,
there would be a little video between shifts or something,
about 1,500 games, but I wasn't expecting anything like that.
Nobody told me anything.
So it was pretty cool.
Like, it was actually unreal for the guys to do that for me.
And they ended up tricking out the ATV or whatever it is
and all these Pittsburgh Penguins colors. the guys would do that for me and they ended up tricking out uh the the atv or whatever it is and
all these uh pittsburgh penguins colors i'd imagine that uh dana hines's ocd took over
who's uh there and he he's he went a little overboard correct that's funny i'm high i'm
actually in one of dana's room right now at the rake and he told me to tell you guys to go easy
on me because he knows you all he He's got his ears on you.
Yeah, he did.
He was, like  he was in charge of everything.
But he's so good.
Like, he  you know, like, for the game, he let  he had me change jerseys every period so that he'd have one jersey
for each of my boys, like, after it's all said and done.
That's awesome.
Little stuff like that.
I mean, isn't that cool?
It's just, like, such a cool deal.
Yeah, I know he had a big part in helping out with all that stuff.
It's pretty awesome.
Dana is far and above one of the most professionals at what he does.
He has everything covered as far as you just mentioned, like the jersey thing.
Yeah, so shout out to him and also some hockey fans.
He has a Twitter page where he kind of keeps people updated,
especially Penguins fans as far as what he's doing.
It's kind of a cool behind-the-scenes look, is it not?
Yeah, I think a lot of people like it, right?
He's got quite a few people following him.
I think he's got probably close to 100,000 by now.
And, of course, being with the Penguins and the star players you guys do have
on the team, I'm sure people are dialed into that Twitter account.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
It is a great peek behind the scenes,
especially if you're into equipment and that type of stuff.
Now, Matt, you played for eight teams over 21 seasons.
Biz was just busting his balls about it.
You know, what's been the key for you to last this long?
I mean, how do you play 21 seasons in the NHL?
And obviously staying healthy is a key, but what's been the key for you?
Yeah, I mean, staying healthy is a big thing. Obviously, you know,
I'm not like a real physical guy, so I get them, you know,
it helps to stay healthy, but I like to train.
Like I'm always just for whatever reason, kind of different. Like I,
as far as I I've always sort of learned the training stuff and I'm just
working on, you know,
getting faster and being able to keep up with the game.
So that sort of thing.
And, like, the nutrition side of it is obviously big.
But, you know, it takes a lot of, like, good people behind you.
You know, and you guys all know, like, you can't just do it on your own,
especially as you get a family and you get going older.
And it just takes a lot of people to help you.
And, I mean, you know, the nutrition and the training everybody does that it's there's a lot there's
a lot of other stuff that happens behind the scenes it's people looking out for you and you
know finding a good fit i think is a big deal i mean getting these last few years in pittsburgh
for me where it's just been a really good fit you know i you don't really find that very often so
when you do you just know that you're really lucky to be in a in a good spot where you know, you don't really find that very often. So when you do, you just know that you're really lucky to be in a good spot
where, you know, you're appreciated for what you can still bring.
So that's been a big part of, you know, especially the last part of my career
is finding the spot where I can be valuable and still contribute a little bit.
Last night for me, I mean, I know you mentioned it quickly,
but seeing your three sons out on the ice, that must be so special.
I'm wondering, do you even understand how cool it is that they're all old enough
where they know exactly what's going on?
They've seen these Stanley Cup celebrations.
They're old enough to talk to the other guys.
I can't imagine how cool it is not only for you,
but for them to be able to just be around the NHL life every day.
Yeah, it's the best part of
playing this long, honestly.
And it's a big part of why
I'm still playing, I think.
I mean, they all love the game. They all
play. But to be able to
get them in the room with guys like
Sid and Phil
and Gino. I mean, the list of
guys, it's pretty special
to have a group of guys.
But to have them around the NHL and bring them into the locker room,
you know, they're down here all the time hanging with the guys.
I mean, I think they get a little bit spoiled.
But for me, as a dad, I mean, I've never done anything other than play hockey.
So I can't teach them how to hammer a nail or anything.
I can't, you know, I just know how to play hockey, and that's about it.
So for me to be able to share that with him and bring him down here
and have him around the rink all the time, you know,
it's all I could ever ask for as a dad.
It's as good as it gets.
So, yeah, it puts a smile on my face every time I get to bring him down
to the rink.
Obviously, to, you know, be involved in something like last night
is pretty special to see the smiles on their faces.
I know you've won three cups, Matt,
but where does this rank with your other career accomplishments playing 1,500 games?
Well, I mean, it's kind of one of those that you would never, honestly,
I would never expect or ever even shoot for, I guess, until you get here
and you're like, man, that's pretty cool.
And I guess I appreciate it more now than I guess I thought I would after going through it
last night. And I guess just take a little bit of time to reflect on, you know,
how long it takes to get there. It means more to me now than I thought it would,
but I think it'll probably be more to me when I'm,
when I'm all done and sitting at home and just thinking back over my career.
But yeah, it's, you know, yeah, it's pretty special.
I guess, obviously, the Cubs are right at the top.
There's nothing better than that.
But it's just something that I can kind of hang my hat on, I guess,
when I'm all done and did something unique.
Matt, times have changed in the league from the time that you started
until now, and you have guys in the locker room like Evgeny Malkin
walking around.
How much designer clothing is that guy still wearing?
You know, he actually walked in today with a pair of pants,
and one leg was black and one leg was white.
Come on.
Designer clothing.
They were pretty unreal.
I should have got a picture of it.
Yeah, that has changed.
Like the suits, how tight they are.
Yeah.
That's changed a lot.
That's maybe the biggest change is the tight suits.
They used to be the loose baggy ones.
I probably still have a couple in my closet, actually.
But, yeah, that was kind of  that's the biggest change that I've seen.
What about Sid?
Is he still driving that 05 Range Rover Sport?
Yes, he is.
Same silver Range Rover Sport.
He is of here.
He wears the same
cup to and from the rink, too,
so he never takes that thing off. Yes, he does.
They were just doing some repairs on it
the other day, actually, in Columbus
just a few days ago. Oh, man,
that thing has just been through a lot of wars,
man. It's just hanging on.
It looks like a goalie jock at this point.
Well, it's so long.
It hangs down like almost
down to his knees.
Bigby Crosby has a huge wrench.
Breaking news, Matt Cullen.
Speaking of big wrenches, we heard
Jake Gensel. He's got a big swinging
dick and that's why he comes up in the clutch
in playoffs.
Well, he's not afraid, huh?
No, he's not. Oh man man seeing him last night too scoring that ot winner i mean yeah he's a stud he's such a player
he's it's funny i remember i played for the minnesota wild years ago and i remember watching
him in the state tournament he played for uh hill murray uh high school and i remember watching him
i was playing for the wild and he was playing at the State Tourney and he was
a little stud.
Never would have imagined he would be
playing on the wing with Sid.
Just lighten it up. He's unreal.
Hey, so the boys all call you Dad,
right?
Is that true?
Yeah.
Not everybody, but
there's a couple, yeah.
Coach Sullivan's like, hey Dad, we're going to pick you on the second everybody, man. There's a couple, yeah. Hey, Coach Sullivan's like, hey, Dad,
we're going to pick on the second PK unit tonight.
Is that okay?
Is that okay?
Yeah, no, no, that's all right.
But, yeah, there's a few guys, you know, you guys can still do.
All right, well, we'll let you go.
But I actually was curious.
I didn't ask you before.
Do you remember what you got for your 1,000th game?
And where were you for that? i do actually um i was in minnesota and uh so the guys knew that i loved doing um the like saunas so they actually they bought me a sauna
like uh it's uh it's super cool like you know in minnesota sauna is kind of a big deal you know
like with how cold it is in the winter and everybody, you know,
jumps into the lake after you go in the sauna.
So they bought me a, they bought me like a small sauna to put down by the lake.
Yeah.
Pretty cool.
Biz has like a complaint and he's trying to get every guy their money back
for a thousand game gifts.
He just hated forking over a couple hundred bucks.
I had six guys in like three-year span in Arizona
to hit their 1,000 game. Every time, they take
1,000 bucks out of my paycheck.
I'm not playing for free anymore,
buddy. I said, I know I ain't hitting 1,000.
I ain't even getting it.
I said, why don't we start doing
gifts every game here? Let's do it.
That was my...
I hear you.
Yeah, I hear you.
You're double. I know I'm kind of double dip but i beat the pot here you're right you're right tell us one phil kessel story before
we go i knew you guys were going to ask for a phil kessel story actually that was one thing
that the guys told me that i had to have ready uh i have one that's it's okay you maybe even
heard it already but we were it was
the first year with phil uh my first year here and his first year 2016 the year we won the cup and we
were in the um second round we were playing the the caps and it was game six at home which we
ultimately ended up winning and that sent us into the conference finals but it was you know it's the
playoff pressure and it's super intense
and we're all just kind of sitting around the locker room
taping sticks before and it was pretty quiet.
You know, guys are kind of getting dialed in
and Phil and his voice, he just goes,
well, boys, just not really feeling it tonight.
I don't know if I'm going to have it.
So let's go get them, okay?
And the guy's just like, I mean, it's just so tense right before game six.
And just feeling his voice, just throwing that out.
I don't know if I got it tonight, boys.
And, oh, man, we were laughing so hard.
It was great.
He's awesome.
Was that the same game or was the next game where he challenged Rick Talkett
to a chin-up contest?
You need to tell the story.
I actually don't know the story well enough to tell it, but I don't.
You guys probably could tell it better than me,
and you probably know it better than me.
I don't even  I heard it in passing.
I wasn't there.
I know it roughly.
It was, you know, him and  Phil Kessel and Rick Talkett,
when he was assistant in Pittsburgh, had like an ongoing thing
where they would just chirp each other constantly.
And they had a great relationship.
And this was before either game six or seven against Washington.
And there was like a chin-up bar outside the away locker room.
And Phil Kessel was chirping Talkett about how out of shape he was.
And he goes, oh, he's like, fuck you.
And then he challenged him to chin-ups.
And Rick Talkett hadn't done a chin-up in forever.
He ended up doing like 10 chin-ups in his suit,
and he was just leaking before the game.
And I guess it got the boys going.
They ended up pulling off the victory, and then they went on to win another Stanley Cup.
Phil's like, I'm not even going to try.
I'm just going to go get a couple goals.
Good job with your pencil, Rick.
All right, Cully.
Thank you so much. We appreciate it.
Honestly, I know you'd probably say a lot
of it is luck, but anyone who's ever met you
has said a lot more has gone into
playing 1,500 games. That's just an
incredible accomplishment. Congratulations.
Thanks.
Thanks for the guys and continued
success.
You guys are killing it.
Cully, if you hit 2,000 games, buy your own gift, all right?
Yeah.
Just kidding.
All right, I will.
That interview was also brought to you by Roman.
Every guy wants to last longer, but thinking about baseball doesn't always work.
Well, the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes.
Roman Swipes are convenient, over-the-counter wipes
that are clinically proven to help you last longer.
They're effective, doctor-approved, easy to use, and fast-acting.
Sounds too good to be true, right, guys?
Well, swipes are the real deal.
Studies have shown up to a 340 increase in stamina
after three months of regular use.
Roman Swipes will ship to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each Swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet.
What makes Swipes better than all those creams and foams out there is the desensitizing effect
will not transfer it to your partner or numb you, and they're super easy to use.
Just take the Swipes out of the packet, wipe it on your most sensitive areas, and wait a few minutes.
That's it.
Keep Roman Swipes in your back pocket for longer, better sex, and get yours fast with free two-day shipping by visiting
GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Once again, that's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Big thanks once again to Matt Cullen for joining us on such short notice,
and congrats to him once again.
1,500 games, a huge accomplishment.
Let's go on back to the nhl here there was a
nice poll in the athletic last week uh was pretty popular on the internet everyone's taking a look
about it talking about it we had some good results on it the first question was uh who is the best
all-around player in the nhl today let me ask you guys you guys can answer it and we'll compare
answers whitney who's the best all-around player in the NHL today? Oh, God.
Are you teeing him up for a Crosby pump or what?
I mean
See what happens.
He didn't see it, so this is fun.
Best all-around player?
Like, yeah, I'm probably going to say him right.
I'm probably going to say him right now.
If you have one game to win, you want your first-line center,
who is it going to be?
Probably saying Crosby.
This is an unwinnable.
There's no winner in this.
But, I mean, I know as the years go on, people start leaning McDavid.
People say Khrushchev.
But for me right now, Crosby.
And, you know, 48 of the players, Paul, agree with you.
48 of the players said Sidney Crosby.
25 said McDavid.
11 Patrice Bergeron. I was going to say Patrice Bergeron.
That would have been my guess other than Sidney Crosby
to just move away and give a different opinion.
I just think he brings so much to the game.
I've talked about it before as far as face-offs, penalty kill,
hockey IQ, his compete level, his clutch level.
There's so many factors and variables involved,
and he's definitely in the top five in the league I I love you know Chara's career has been incredible but it's a true crime
that Patrice Bergeron doesn't have a C on his maybe he doesn't want it I don't know how that
works oh I'm not I don't I don't I maybe he doesn't want I mean Chara was the captain but
you know when he made Bergeron wasn't ready to be, maybe when he signed that made a lot of sense.
But just I believe it's like every time you see Patrice Bergeron in his uniform,
there should be a C on his jersey.
He doesn't care.
People don't care.
I'm just it's just a little wit thought like,
I'd love to see a C on Bergeron's shoulder.
Well, eventually.
And the last two, Alexander Barkov and Nikita Kucherov,
are both tied at 4.
So, next question.
Game seven of the Stanley Cup final, who do you want starting in goal?
Go to you first, Biz.
Paul, wow.
That's a  in today's day and age, I mean, like,
Carey Price would be a fair answer because he's very calm in his net.
But fuck, he hasn't had much playoffs in the last few years.
Can you come back to me on that?
That's a very difficult question.
Whit, do you even have an answer?
Yeah, I'm kind of recency biased, but I think that like Holtby,
I don't know, he just seems like rock solid to me.
Like he's a guy that just popped into my head.
There's, you know, Price is definitely there.
But yeah, right away, I just thought of Holpe.
I mean, I thought of like, I kind of thought of Lundquist,
but it's been a while.
I mean, it's like, it's hard, but I don't know.
Just maybe because he raised the cup last, maybe.
You know what?
Holpe's a guy I thought he would have got a lot more votes.
He only got 6 of the votes, not just because of recency bias.
I mean, the guy's been lights out since he's been a playoff goalie for the 70s.
But I wouldn't say Rene.
Is he higher?
Rene, not even in the top five.
Okay.
Biz, you want to venture a guess, Biz, before we rattle off?
I mean, I would guess that people probably said Vasilevsky or he's up there. I mean, he's
got 10 straight wins right now.
Yep. Well, Carey Price was the number one
pick. He had 28 of the vote, followed
by Marc-Andre Fleury, who makes sense.
He's got some cup wins. And then Vasilevsky
was third with 15. Jonathan
Quick, fourth with 7, and Holpe
was last with 6. Just kind of
interesting that a non-cup winner won
that one because Price obviously hasn't won a cup.
Next up, this is always a favorite question.
Who is the most underrated player in the NHL?
I'll go to Whitney first on this one.
Oh, I always say Jared Spurgeon on defense.
It's like if he's on the list, it's because I'm always saying it.
You know who I got?
Who?
Couturier.
That guy is to me like he's getting up there
with a bergeron type where he fucking battles for every puck he he plays hard he kills penalties he
plays power play like and and his numbers are like for how hard he plays are ridiculous i don't i
don't understand how those types of players get the job done
offensively with how hard they play their 200-foot game. I mean, another guy is like
an Anze Kopitar. I wouldn't say he's underrated because he's won, I think he won the Selkie
last year, and he had some incredible numbers based on how good his 200-foot game is as
well. But I mean, Couturier already this year in 64 games has 27 goals
and 34 assists for 61 points.
If you're a point-of-game guy and you're good defensively,
to me you're elite and your name should come up in a lot of conversations.
And Couturier just kind of gets lost in the shuffle
with the fact that Giroux's there.
Also, last night we were actually saying,
Weeksy and I were saying Roman Yossi's kind of up there.
I mean, that guy, he got his 15th goal of the year last night.
He ties his career high, and nobody talks about him at all.
He makes weight.
He doesn't make enough money.
We've gone into that.
But he's unreal.
Scotty Hartnell was saying when everyone's going their best in Nashville,
Yossi's their best player.
So this guy is just an animal. I don't know if he's on the list but and already my prediction for who would probably be voted the most underrated would
be barkov although people are starting to know more about him and he is a household name because
that guy he plays i think 23 24 minutes a game he's a horse so that would be my guess on who
won that voted on by the players.
This award, though, it's like forever.
I remember like Louis Erickson was the most underrated player in the league
for seven years.
Finally, you're like, he's not underrated.
Everyone's talking about how he's the most underrated guy.
That's why I said Barkov.
Yeah, it ends quickly.
Yeah, and Couturier, he was a Selkie finalist,
so I think you can kind of say, well, he got recognized in that regard.
But the winner was Alexander Bakov, good call, Biz.
He won 26 of the vote, followed by 8 each for Nicholas Backstrom
and Braden Point.
Jared Spurgeon, Witt's good call.
Oh, be careful what you say about Backstrom,
because we might get torched on the fact that we think
Ovi's dog shit without him or something.
I don't even, yeah.
Just be careful, because I know Witt was getting attacked online yesterday.
Jared Spurgeon, you nailed that, Witt.
6 for him.
And Mark Giordano got 5 of the vote.
Really?
Spurgeon's that?
That's definitely top of the list.
That guy's nasty.
He's a little water bug out there flying around.
He has a cannon.
Yeah, okay.
Well, fair enough.
I'll have to keep an eye on him more
and now we're going to flip it on the other side who is the most overrated player in the nhl let's
go to you first biz i feel like you'd look to like guys who make a ton of money most overrated
player that that's what i would say well at least as far as number one who is at the top of this
all right i mean not only number one he won convincingly 23 of the vote for pk subban
he's the most overrated player in the nhl uh this is player voted this is player voted uh the knock
on subban was the quote from one western conference rival he's got a good shot and that's about it
uh and then an eastern conference player summed up the category this way i don't think anyone is
overrated but they sure are players that are overpaid. So maybe people think Subban might be overpaid. To round out the rest of them,
Patrick Laine get 9 of the vote. Kind of weird. Aaron Ekblad, 6. Dion Furno, 4. Eric Carlson,
4. So a couple of names I didn't expect there. What I'll say about Subban is I don't think he's
overrated. I think that everyone's hyperbolic bullshit online about that trade
is starting to level off.
I think that based on how hard he skates, you ever watch him skate?
He's not fluid like some guys.
He plays the game hard.
And he's been going through some little injuries as well.
And to me, it's more like you guys are thinking this trade was so lopsided.
I do think that Montreal should have got a pick as well in the return,
probably a second or first rounder.
But Shea Weber is, I mean, he's got a bomb too.
He's not a liability on the ice.
So let's see how this one plays out.
And I know that, I think that Weber's cap hit is probably a little bit higher.
Am I being accurate about that?
But they're both being  their cap hits are pretty high.
Whereas, you know, I don't know if by the time PK's deal is at the end,
he'll be playing up to what he's being paid.
So let's not just like say, oh, my God, the fucking Canadians got fleeced in this one.
Let's see how this fully plays out.
Yeah, it's still a ways to go.
We've got a few more of these here, boys,
so I want to step it up just a little bit.
Which coach, aside from your own, would you most want to play for?
Go to Whitney first.
Rick Talkett looks like he'd be awesome to play for.
I wonder if it's partly because I just think of him as a player
and I also think of him as a player and I also think of him
as an assistant coach and hearing about guys loving him in Pittsburgh and just like everyone
never had a bad word to say about him as a guy and a teammate so I think it'd be and what he's
done with Arizona proves I think guys probably love playing for him yeah I mean I think he's
very conversationally based where it's not like fucking do this and shut the fuck up where it's
like hey like like what were you thinking here and if the guy's not like fucking do this and shut the fuck up where it's like hey
like like what were you thinking here and if the guy's like well i saw this transpire and that's
what and he'll be like all right well like next time let's try this so it's it's very uh it seems
like kind of like an open forum and guys feel that they can go and just and talk to him about
anything and to me to me communication is everything the days of the coach just being like
and coming in and yelling at everyone,
you're going to lose your room.
So you got to keep an open mind.
And Dubas made comments last summer
or maybe the summer before,
and I've actually talked to that Vincent Laverde
about the way he handles that organization.
And it's the same way where he's an open door,
where he wants to get feedback from the players about every situation
because ultimately you're trying to achieve the same goal.
You might have a view on it, but 20 guys that are actually lacing them up
might have a different one.
That's why I like what Rick Tockett's doing and any really type of player coach.
I think back, and maybe the grass isn't always greener on the other side,
but for the most part, I didn't have guys that
I think of Terrian and Carlisle, and they've had a ton of success, both of them,
but they were guys that didn't  they never really came like,
hey, what's up? What are you doing?
Just like I know it's old school where the coaches weren't friends friends with the players i'm not saying you have to be friends but just like talking to
them like a normal person like you're saying it best but it's just be like hey what's going on
buddy like how's your family like is that that crazy to do i think that it's starting to change
and becoming more normal because what is the point of just like the whole like you know scare tactic
type thing the whole like i i it's
just it's gone by the wayside it's not there still has to be an element of my coach isn't my friend
he's my coach same with my boss he's he's your boss he's your buddy but bosses can still be you
know personable people they can still respect you what is that what you're saying basically
yeah not i mean respects not even i'm more just like be a good dude i said
before bill garen said it's not that hard to be a good guy like you could be a coach and a good guy
you could still lay down the hammer when it has to be laid down but hey man what's going on how
was your night like is that that crazy to do i think you have needle dick syndrome if if you're
the type of guy where you where you want authority and you want the guys to be afraid of you where it's like what that's not how you handle it
that's that old school mentality and you know I feel like like Tarion was a little bit like that
and that's just the way it was and maybe that that was the way his he was taught oh yeah that's just
an example I'm giving I know his name comes up lot, but he was one of the coaches that I had
that was like that where, like, you know, I didn't mind the structure
and the fact that, you know, you had to be accountable at all times.
But, you know, I'd be the type of coach where I'll have a conversation
with a guy, but if I get a dogshit effort, I'm coming to the locker room
and say, fuck you guys.
You're going to fucking play like that for me?
Fuck you.
I said, I'll get different guys to play, and I'll be upfront
and honest with them if I was a coach.
But if they do play a good game,
I'm going to come in and say, yo, I like that effort a lot
better. I appreciate that, and great job
tonight. So keeping them honest is
one thing, but trying to strike fear in them and
have that control is another.
It's going to be interesting to see the next several
hires over the next couple of years, if GM
is still leaning towards this kind of
new age way of thinking instead of the old hot ass way. Anyways, the voting was split down the
middle for the top two guys, John Cooper and Gerard Gallant. Both got 23 percent of the vote.
Barry Trotz got 11 percent. Paul Maurice got 6 percent. John Tortorella got 6 percent.
His same question just reversed. Which coach, aside from your own, would you not want to play for?
Go ahead, Fresbiz.
Well, I would imagine Crawford, now that he's a head coach,
is probably up there.
I think this was Paul before he was named the interim.
Sure.
And that's not a knock on Crawford.
That's just from things I've heard about them.
Yeah, I mean, he kicks guys.
We heard it on the show.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, well, that's fair.
In the NHL today, Carlisle, fucking 1,000 at the top of that list.
What do you got?
Is Babcock on there?
Hey, Trotz was at the top of both lists.
Babcock could be on both lists, I feel like.
Oh, yeah, I forgot about Babs.
It's funny.
One guy is actually on both lists.
Who's that, Torts?
Yeah, Torts won.
Did I say Trots?
I might have said Trots. I meant Torts.
Sorry for the confusion there.
No biggie. Yeah, Torts got 30
of the vote to win that one. Hitchcock was close,
27. Babcock,
15. Randy Kyle, I was
up there, Biz, 11. And then
Guy Boucher, who was just shit-canned,
he got 3 of the vote.
This is a good question.
This is a fun one.
What is the most fun city to visit on the road?
Go ahead, Chris.
Nashville.
I love Chicago.
Chicago is great, but I think Nashville is going to win it.
Neither one of them won number one.
No.
Winner for that, New York City might win that one.
Vegas.
What about Vegas?
I'm such a dinosaur.
I never played in this show when the team was in Vegas.
You can meet Nashville before Vegas any day of the week.
Yeah.
Oh, I agree with that.
But, yeah, Vegas got 26 of the vote.
Nashville was second with 19.
Chicago was third with 13.
Vancouver, the lone Canadian city, showing up
at 12. And New York
gets 10 of the vote.
Yeah, so we had a little fun with those polls.
They always get people talking online and
people get to bash cities and players they
don't like. So let's
turn it over actually right now to Connor McDavid
and Leon Dreissel. This is one of the interviews
we did out in San Jose. This is a good one. We got
two guys at the same time and had a fun time with this one.
It was an honor to talk to these guys.
So let's send it over to them.
And also got to remind everyone, special thanks to Bud Canada.
Bud Weiser, the king of beers.
All these interviews did not happen without them.
So thanks to Bud Canada.
This interview was brought to you by Robinhood.
Robinhood is an investing app that lets you buy and sell stocks, ETFs, options, and cryptos, all commission-free.
While other brokerages charge up to 10 for every trade, Robinhood doesn't charge any commission fees, so you can trade stocks and keep all of your profits.
Plus, there is no account minimum deposit needed to get started, so you can start investing at any level.
The simple, intuitive design of Robinhood makes investing easy for newcomers and experts alike. View easy-to-understand charts and market data and place a trade in just four
taps on your smartphone. You can also view stock collections, such as the 100 Most Popular.
With Robinhood, you can learn how to invest in the market as you build your portfolio,
discover new stocks, track your favorite companies, and get custom notifications for
price movements so you never miss the right moment to invest.
Robinhood is giving listeners of Spittin' Chicklets a free stock like Apple,
Ford, or Sprint to help you build your portfolio.
Portfolio.
Sign up at chicklets.robinhood.com.
And now it's an honor and a pleasure to bring on our next guest.
Our first guy, it's his first all-star game.
He's from the Edmonton Oilers,
Leon Dreisaitl.
And our second guest,
a fellow you might
have heard of,
he's been in the league
for four seasons,
his third All-Star
appearance this weekend.
Connor McDavid,
Leon Dreisaitl,
welcome to the show,
guys.
It's an absolute joy
to have you two on.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks for having us.
Thank you.
We need to mention
we have our special
correspondent,
Teddy Purcell, TP16.
Thanks for coming.
He's got a couple stories of these guys with Edmonton,
so we figured we'd bring you on, huh, Ted?
Yeah, I mean, these guys are making their all-star games now
because I've been off the team for a while,
so I'll be bringing them down a little bit, but here the boys are.
Should we kick it off with the tugboat story,
which was in training camp, Teddy,
when you actually joined Halsey and McDavid.
Good luck, Teddy.
I like Connor's taking over. Oh, he's excited.
I'm 18 years old, first
camp in Edmonton. Obviously nervous
as could be. Coming to camp
and playing with Halsey. I'm like,
oh my god, this is unbelievable.
This is going to be great. I look over,
I got 16 on the other side. I'm like, what?
Who is this?
I looked at the roster. I didn over, I've got 16 on the other side. I'm like, what? Who is this? What?
I looked at the roster.
I didn't even know Teddy was on the team.
So we show up to camp, and, you know, it was me, Halsey, who can wheel pretty good.
And, you know, we were pretty good skaters.
And then Teddy gets out there.
We play a couple of training camp games together.
Was I buzzing, though?
We were good.
We were good.
We were real good in camp.
Must have been tough, Teddy. You buzz? We were good. We were good. We were real good in camp. Must have been tough to buzz with those two.
We were good.
We go into our first preseason game.
We're playing Calgary.
First period goes by.
We do nothing.
Second period goes by.
I think we were minus two.
Third period goes by.
This guy blows his groin.
Never on my line again.
Here I am now in the Chicklets RV.
It's because of that dump. Chitters full. You're on my line again. Here I am now in the Chicklets RV. It's because of that dump.
Chitters full.
He's on my line after that.
Yeah, that's why Leon's first All-Star appearance is this year.
I brought Leon down.
But I was so excited.
I remember I told my dad, I'm like, I got this ugly kid, but he's so good at hockey.
This guy buzzes around the ice.
And I couldn't keep up with him.
But in scrimmages, it was a little easier.
Then I remember the game against Calgary, and I was like,
man, I'm supposed to have two points by now.
Contract year, I'm going to make 20 million.
I'm the man.
Honestly, trying to keep up with two of these guys in the third period.
My leg gave out.
I missed all preseason.
I came back, and I was on the third line for a while.
I was like, oh, God, I blew it again.
You think I had my chance.
The tugboat story was when he was coming back from injury.
I don't know if I've seen many guys move slower out there.
I just called him the tugboat one time.
Teddy tugboat.
Teddy tugboat, and I kind of ran with it.
Look at R.A. over there.
R.A.'s like, I need a hockey question.
Connor, who's the toughest guy you've ever fought?
No, I want to ask Connor.
It's kind of funny because they make up these teams of all division rivals.
It's guys you play against.
You hate these guys.
But is there anyone on the team that you're really looking forward to playing with
and having some fun out there with this weekend?
Yeah, I mean, like you said, it's my third All-Star game.
Not a big deal.
Don't worry about it.
Okay, we get it.
Thanks for coming.
How are you?
I'm also sponsored by Adidas.
Anyway, okay.
Like these two said, I'm all those things.
It's my third All-Star game.
It's my third All-Star game, and Johnny Gaudreau is always here.
He's always so fun to watch.
He's a Calgary guy that I just hate when we play,
but when we come to the All-Star game, it's always fun to be part of his team.
Yeah, he's a hell of a player.
He's pretty good in overtime, though, but you two in overtime,
we get in arguments, the three of us.
He'd love to hate me, and you guys are both scumbags.
But how good do you guys feel walking out in OT?
You're like, this is an extra cookie.
Everyone's happy.
We're going to get two points tonight.
Because you guys' overtime highlights are disgusting.
Wow.
I don't know.
I mean.
Me and you have one overtime.
So modest.
Oh, I know.
I went back and cheese.
I didn't get a cookie.
No, the goalie got a cookie.
We were disgusted. I was like pissed I scored because we were going out in LA after, and Leon I didn't get a cookie. No, the goalie got a cookie. We were disgusted.
I was like pissed I scored
because we were going out in L.A. after
and Leon didn't even get a cookie.
I was like, oh, sorry, man.
But you're going to get 80 million in about an hour.
Leon speaks better English than our whole podcast.
Yeah, this is impressive.
I thought you were from Germany.
Teddy taught me all of it.
Leon, who were your hockey heroes growing up?
Teddy Purcell.
All the way. I heard all you do is wade down your hockey heroes growing up? Teddy Purcell. All the way.
I heard all he did was wade down your line.
That's what I was told.
I wade down my line?
No, he wade down your line.
Well, I do that too sometimes.
No, I mean, I don't know.
I love Pavel Datsyuk.
He was always my go-to guy.
Yeah, big paddle.
What about Uwe Krupp?
The burger flipper.
Uwe Krupp.
He even pronounced it right, I think.
He won a Stanley Cup clinching goal.
What about Dennis Seidenberg?
Did you look up that much?
Yeah, I mean, obviously,
I looked up to the German guys, yeah.
You know, there's not too many in this league.
Jokin Heck with the T-Blades?
Yeah, with the T-Blades.
I was thinking about checking those on.
You can hear him from another rink. They're're like he's still in the practice anyone knows those t-blades they would appreciate that yeah it's got to be a german thing because
seidenberg used to have them too um but yeah do you think hockey's getting more popular in germany
since you know since you've kind of had some nice stardom in the NHL?
And the Olympics, too.
Yeah, I know.
They blew it.
Leon's a face fit now.
He's a pretty good-looking kid.
Yeah, you got some nice hair on you, Triant.
You're figuring it out.
Thank you.
You're dressing way better now, too.
I taught him a little bit.
Should we ask him about girlfriends?
What about what?
That's business talk.
I mean, hey, I'm just fucking day i'm just
should we ask you yeah exactly well hey have you seen his instagram it's just like biz 20 promo
codes lad to my dms please that's open i promise i'll respond pussy flares the biz pussy flares
uh is eight okay so is that a common thing in nhl locker rooms where you guys are going on the road
and you're like gotta throw out the bat signal i mean not for you guys locker rooms where you guys are going on the road and you're like, gotta throw out the bat signal? I mean, not for you guys
because I think you guys are both in relationships.
For other guys? How are we supposed
to answer that? That's a straight up no.
And we won't even fucking roll it.
Hey, I'm a journal.
I'm trying to get as much as I can. Alex Dolan always does
that too. I see Shifley. He's going to be on later.
But they're both single guys. It's just
like the little, you know, the fishing emoji.
They're like leaving the airport and they drive by like an ugly bridge and like shitty water. And they're like single guys. It's just like the little fishing emoji. They're leaving the airport, and they drive by an ugly bridge
in shitty water, and they're like,
oh, Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Who cares?
They're obviously fishing for it.
They're a beautiful, beautiful city this time of year.
They throw it out sometimes.
Of their hotel room with a pack of 12 rubbers.
Something will catch.
Take a picture of the Edmonton River Valley.
Yeah, exactly.
Check that on there, too.
Connor, I wanted to ask you a little bit about Gary Roberts
because I got the chance to play with him.
I could only imagine him as a trainer when I saw him as a player.
I mean, just a savage.
He would do one of my full summer workouts 30 minutes before the game.
He would completely come in sweating.
But you train with him.
It's common knowledge.
You've had a lot of success.
What's he like as a guy in the summers?
And I know you had Teddy one summer training with you.
How slow was he?
So I've been training with Rob for a number of years now i remember i think i started when i was 15 years old and i was scared as as could be walking
in there i mean i was 15 year old kid this this guy was so intense um he's he's a little bit more
relaxed now but uh he's been great my one summer with teddy was actually the summer where i was
coming into edmonton and uh he thought he was going to come get the jump,
and we were going to build chemistry all summer, but it didn't work, obviously.
You know, seeing Teddy in the gym every day was something.
Made you feel so good about yourself.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't have the best body, but compared to him, I look like an oil painting.
I'm a blue guy, though.
I make Connor feel good in the shower.
Teddy.
That's value.
Teddy was always the glue guy,
and we've carried on the tradition of the A-bop, A-re-bop due to him.
Yeah, we got a couple of chants, like bus time chants.
It's too long to share on this podcast, but Connor, like,
I got a text, like, one time, like,
I think Connor went to the World Championship one year.
Eisman wasn't the GM, so I stopped getting the courtesy invites to the World Championship.
So reality came back.
They got to actually make the team now.
Yeah, I was like, oh God.
So I was like, three in the morning, I think I was just getting home,
and I was like, Connor's like, can you send me a chant?
I'm like, where are you?
He's like, I'm in Prague.
He's like, send me some verses.
So he's doing this chant that these new feasts came home and showed up with and we talked about it and i sent him a few he's like oh thanks
man but it was just funny that we still have a good relationship i think rob's broke the ice with
us and obviously he's a he's a fun player to watch even though he actually looks good now with that
haircut that long hair was this oh i love the long hair i kind of liked it too what made you
snip that off it was looking a little rough, a little shaggy.
You saw one video, you're like, all right.
You looked like an actor.
And I told the boys, if anyone can help me out here,
we talked about it yesterday.
It's from, Grinnell, can you help me out?
Who's the actor?
I don't think he'll be happy with hearing that.
William H. Mason from...
I think he's 60 years old.
I think he's like a homeless guy in that show.
What's that show.
What's that show?
It's on Showtime.
It's called, what is it called?
Recklessness?
Shameless.
Shameless.
Shameless.
That's not good for you, Connor.
Oh, my God. He's married to the porn star.
Spit and chickless memes.
Put up a picture of that actor who I said.
We're going to get his name again.
What is it, Posh?
William H. Macy.
William H. Macy.
And put it next to Connor when he had his flow going.
Oh, this is dirty
He's doing you dirty
Just take a look
He plays the
Porn star's husband
In Boogie Nights
William H. Macy
There you go
Boogie Nights
There you go
So clean up your
Hey I gotta give it the old
Oh good
No but you guys are
My wife has an ass in her cock
And you wanna talk about
Fucking lighting right now
Our rate keeps going
This is like
Being like
Hey Dreitzel
You look like Danny DeVito
He's like Jesus thanks, thanks a lot.
No, wait.
I know we were giving Connor a hard time about who he looks.
He looks like a 60-year-old and stuff.
But I got to bring him up a little bit.
But with Rob's and stuff, we used to go there.
I used to get up.
I was living in downtown Toronto.
I had to get up at like 7.30, walk my dog.
I'm so grumpy.
There's so much traffic.
I'm like, man, I got to go work out.
Everyone had a good body, like Mike Smith,
Kneeler has a good body, Stammer, Connor's a man.
But I was like, I had to take my shirt off
in front of these guys.
I look like a loser.
You got your big shoulders on.
I know, my big shoulders.
Shoulders like a brook.
Non-existent shoulders.
Looks like your sweater's going to fall off.
Goes from his neck to his ass.
So we go, and I'd be like, I'd fill it out a little better now.
I know.
I'm getting a little bigger.
Retirement's been good for you.
I'm trying to give you a compliment.
Can you stop making fun of me?
So then we go, show up, and it was like a hockey rink and a football field and a baseball field.
So this huge Adidas thing is set up.
I'm like, oh, nice.
I'm going to get a free pair of boots today.
And they're like, oh, no, Connor's got a commercial all day.
But he would get up at like 5 to make Gary
get up with him and he wouldn't miss a workout
because he wanted to be the best and
wanted to be the man every day. Before the long
shoot? Yeah, before the long shoot
he would get up and do it. And I'm like pissed off
because I'm like, he's so good. But I didn't get a free
pair of shoes either. Can we
sub in New Balance every time we say Adidas
in this episode?
Connor might buy
New Balance out of this.
I can't allow that.
So they don't exist.
Leon, who's the clown
in the locker room
in Edmonton?
Like who?
I could see...
Zach Cassian, probably.
He's got some
really good stories.
Really, really good.
Obviously.
Yeah, yeah.
You gotta earn those.
Yeah, yeah. He's been earn those. Yeah, yeah.
He's been through some shit.
No, he's definitely, to me anyways, he's the funniest.
Is he one of the guys you hang out with on the road?
I try to.
He usually ditches on us on dinners.
He's the one that makes the reservation, and then 10 minutes before we leave, he just says,
No way, he's a room service guy?
Oh, what a piece of trash.
He's not calling a podcast. He's a room service guy, but no, way, he's a room service guy? Yeah. What a piece of trash. He's not calling a podcast.
He's a room service guy, but no, yeah, he's hilarious.
He's really funny.
Are you a room service guy, Connor?
No, I like to go for dinner.
Huge Nobu guy.
Oh, really?
How about that Malibu one?
Yeah, we actually, yeah.
Well, I don't know.
Oh, he doesn't want to brag.
He doesn't want to stare.
Oh, no, I didn't go to that one.
Never mind.
He went to the one in Dallas at that hotel, which is the worst Nobu ever.
I disagree with you.
I love that hotel.
Oh, it's terrible.
They got a cold tub in their hotel.
What kind of spots are you eating at?
I ate at that Nobu.
You ate at that Nobu?
It cost my whole per diem pot.
I wasn't happy about it.
Whoever gives Biz 20 off, he's going.
Chili's?
He's like, oh, these are the best cheese sticks I'll
ever eat. Oh, this McDonald's
miso is awesome.
McDonald's miso from the right corner.
We had lunch today. Biz was like,
you grab that, send it to Chicklets. I'm like,
yeah, alright. He's like, you haven't put your
card in. I'm like, well, Biz, you can throw your card.
He's like, Jesus Christ, alright.
Send a tweet.
He's like, there's so many fabricated stories
on this podcast
about me being cheap.
Yeah, you got to defend yourself.
I appreciate it.
Connor,
killing time on the road.
Are you a big movie guy,
TV guy?
What are you doing?
Oh, yeah, I love movies.
We love jazz.
Are you a gamer?
No, not a gamer at all.
That's why I like these two.
We're not gamers.
Not a big movie guy.
I don't know.
Just stuff sometimes.
How do you kill time?
You gamble?
You play cards at all?
Well, we play cards on the plane, obviously.
When we're on the road, not much to do.
We just go walk around, have lunch, hang out.
Try not to get noticed, like in Edmonton.
Try not to get beat up at movie theaters with your parents beside you.
Should we talk about that?
What about those kids?
Do you ever about those kids?
Do you ever find those kids?
Nope.
Nope, never found them.
You handled that like such a gentleman.
What a pro.
What a pro.
I think I said on the Checkouts podcast,
if that was me, I would have said to my mom,
here's my key, take it, put it in the car. The best part about that story is we're walking out
and we see them in the restaurant.
They're following us.
And they're saying us and they're
saying a bunch of stuff whatever and i'm okay like i can deal with that whatever we're whatever i'm
walking with my mom my dad my mom's fine she's ahead of me i'm walking by my beside my dad look
over he's fuming oh yeah like he's like red in the face like really really upset goes to turn around
like no no no like let's get out of here i'm like he doesn't
realize that they all have their phones out you know yeah everyone's got their phone out these
days right yeah so he so he he didn't realize and then you know looking back it was you know
handled it obviously the the best we could and just got out of there is it is it is it hard for
you like have you gotten used to just everywhere you go i mean even in the summer you're in toronto
right so it's just you figured out a way to take a picture, be friendly.
But most of the time, I mean, it's not hard to deal with,
but sometimes you're like, oh, I'd love to just be able to sit down and eat right now.
Well, I mean, you've got to find the balance.
You've got to find the balance between being a good guy and you just can't be there all day.
Saying no, man.
I'm not taking a picture with you when you're in the urinal.
It's not.
You're taking a shit, he walks in the stall.
He's like, hey, man, you might sign this for my kid.
Slides it underneath the door.
Yeah, so it's about finding the balance.
And I think we do a pretty good job of it in Edmonton.
It's not the easiest, but I think we do a good job.
Yeah, I don't really get that treatment like you do.
It's nice to fly under the radar, eh?
It's beautiful.
Teddy, you spent some time with Dreitz, right?
At Christmas time, you were telling us?
Oh, no.
I think it was, was it your rookie year?
Yeah.
When you came up and started ripping it right away?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Just an easy game at that point.
Your dad coaches in Germany, right?
Well, he actually just got fired four days ago.
Oh, Jesus.
Tough timing.
Sorry, Papa Dre. Tough timing to the hey welcome to being a journal
i did my homework um yeah but leon's uh he just got called up and i think it was right before
christmas maybe and his dad was coaching and your mother and your sister come over a little bit or
you guys kind of yeah so far away so they have to plan a little bit so he had no one for christmas
so i'm like hey like my family's in town.
We're going to cook, like, a new female.
Why don't you come over?
How old were you, like, 18?
Yeah, I think I was 18.
A new female, you're like, oh.
Yeah, he was like, we're in one.
No food, just booze.
I could not understand a word.
Yeah, Leon couldn't understand a word they were saying.
I was sitting at that table.
I was like, wow.
That's why I said you're the best speaking English guy on the podcast.
He had to learn from my family.
And Leon's like, yeah, you're welcome.
I don't know what to say.
But he comes over, and we all knew he was going to be a stud,
but he was a good kid.
And he had nothing for Christmas,
so I'd go out and get him a wallet or a passport holder or something.
My mom got him these these onesie, like Rudolph pajamas.
We had some food.
We like gave him the gifts.
And we just had a good time.
And he comes over and we had like four or five days in between games.
And I was like, man, how did you get here?
And it was a snowstorm in Edmonton.
And he's like, dude, I was at Sikira's house. and he's like dude i was at sakira's house and
it's like probably like a five minute drive away he's like i just talked there was these people
like cleaning the streets and i go up to him and i was like hey can you bring me to teddy
purcell's house they're like yeah hop in they knew where he lived right away too i didn't need to
show them five minutes away in a different area code so i go like pull out the door leon was
texting me he's like i think i'm here i opened the door. Leon was texting me. He's like, I think I'm here.
I open the door, and the city council or city of Edmonton snowplow truck was bringing Leon in.
So I go out, get Leon, and then I was like, he left his wallet thing.
I'm like, dude, here's your wallet.
Now put on your onesie, and let's have some Canadian cocktails for Christmas.
That's too good.
Connor, what are you most looking forward to this weekend?
Just getting away from the game, getting away from all the hoopla
that's been kind of following us there in Edmonton
and just enjoying some time.
Well, I just wanted to say we wanted to thank you guys for coming on.
I think they've got to get going.
And I want to ask one more question about getting away from the game.
Boots and Hearts, you love that in the summer.
It's a festival just north of Toronto, I believe. Country? A country festival at Connor. You live. Boots and Hearts, you love that in the summer. It's a festival just north of Toronto, I believe.
Country?
Country Festival at Connors.
You live for Boots and Hearts?
I'm a big Boots guy.
I've gone a couple years now.
It's four days.
It's always a good time.
Is that like your one weekend where you say,
I'm going to enjoy this, and then after that it's back to...
Well, we get...
Not really, because he does a workout again in the mornings or he'll come back from Boots to do a workout and then after that it's back to well we get we usually not really
because he does a workout
again in the mornings
or he'll come back
from boots to work
and then go back
he flies in a helicopter
to see Rob
and he just does
a couple stretches
it's 8 minute Uber
but he takes a helicopter
he FaceTimes Rob's at night
he's got like a pillow
behind him
but he's actually
at the festival
everyone at heart
is like
you see McDavid
he's sticking on a golf ball
watching the concert
oh my gosh
that's an avocado pit
well no seriously you guys this is unreal for us having you guys on and knowing guys David, he's sticking on a golf ball watching the concert. You guys are insane. It's like an avocado pit.
Well, no, seriously, you guys, this is unreal for us having you guys on.
It's big.
And knowing guys who you play with like Teddy,
to hear how humble you guys are and the success you've had,
as individuals, the team stuff will come,
but we want to thank you for coming on.
Thank you.
Yeah, we appreciate you coming on. Any last chirps at Teddy?
Because he went pretty hard at you guys.
Tough teeth.
Tough teeth.
Tough teeth. Brutal. God, I know. I can't afford to get them at you guys. Tough teeth. Tough teeth.
Brutal.
God, I know.
I can't afford to get them fixed right now.
Hair looks great, though.
Don't admit that, boys.
Thanks, Whit.
Thanks, boys.
Thank you.
It's been a treat.
That interview was also brought to you by 23andMe.
We live in a world where we have access to data that gives us more personal insights into who we are. What's more personalized than your DNA?
more personal insights into who we are. What's more personalized than your DNA? 23andMe allows you to go beyond ancestry to access more personalized insights about you based on your
DNA. With more than 125 genetic reports, you can even gain insights about your health traits and
more. Receiving your personalized genetic reports is just the beginning. Take the next steps by
talking to your healthcare provider or considering lifestyle changes like adjusting your sleep
habits or caffeine consumption. I did 23andMe a couple months ago. I was fired up to
find out a lot more about my ancestry, which I did, but I did also find out a lot more about
my health. And I have been talking to my doctor. I might be a little bit more prone to this or that.
I don't want to spill too much on my beans, but you know, the stuff like the don't sleep report,
if you've always suspected that you feel more sleepy than others and you're missing out on a
night, a good night's sleep, you know, talk to your doctor about it. Your DNA report will let you know if you have
an issue with that or if you get flush when you drink alcohol. There's also the issue with saturated
fat and weight report can tell you all about your genetics. There's tons of stuff on there in
addition to the ethnicity stuff, which again, I'm a big fan of. See what your genes say about your
health traits and more. Buy your health and ancestry service kit today at 23andme.com slash chicklets.
That's the number, 23andme.com slash chicklets.
Again, that's 23andme.com slash chicklets.
Big thanks once again to Connor McDavid and Leon Dreisaitl for joining us out in San Jose.
Great interview, great guys.
It was a thrill again once again for us to talk to.
You know, actually the greatest player on the planet.
So good luck to those guys the rest of the year as well.
I have one mistake I made last podcast.
I couldn't have been more wrong about Garnett Hathaway.
I thought he was going to get like a five-game suspension for driving.
I think you said five to ten.
I did.
And he didn't even get a phone call.
And then I looked at it and I'm like,
how did he not even get a call?
And then I said,
there must've been another replay or another angle I missed because he
didn't even get a phone call.
And maybe it wasn't as bad as I thought.
So I I'll eat shit on that one.
We were just talking about McDavid a second ago,
man,
as good as he is with he,
he cost us a couple of bucks the other night.
He missed an empty net up just inside the blue line. I mean, he cost us a couple bucks the other night. He missed an empty netter from just
inside the blue line. I mean, he
could have skated another two strides. He would
have been halfway to the net. It would have been a slam dunk.
I couldn't believe he missed it.
It was a 5,600 swing
for me. Instead of winning 4,800, I lost
800. Whatever. I get it back the next night.
Not a big deal. But you just aren't used
to seeing that with a guy that good
from that close.
No, that was just, I mean, you know, he needs more composure in his game.
You've seen it affect him at other times this season.
Same thing happened, too.
I had the Bruins minus one and a half against who they beat one nothing
or something.
Barshad passed it to Carlo, and Carlo went back to him.
He didn't score.
I was losing my mind on that.
So nothing's worse than when it looks like you're going to get that empty netter
to cover that sweet little, you know, well-paying puck line,
and then all of a sudden, you know, one of the best of all time
misses a wide-open net.
So that was tough.
I got a bunch of tweets about people that got hosed on that one.
That's the one reason I don't gamble is I see the swings that you guys go through.
I'm like, man, I have enough drama going on in my personal life.
I don't need to be worrying about dough going in and out the door.
Like I mentioned, fortunately, my last gambling corner was pretty successful.
Went 3-0 Tuesday night on my picks.
The return was a plus-4 unit return because of the Canadians.
I'll tell you, I make these picks.
I don't know what the line is.
I couldn't believe Montreal was almost a plus 200 on the puck line in L.A. last night.
That was a huge fucking price.
I thought that.
I was like, wow, this is nice.
I'm definitely taking this.
Because, I mean, you think like with Montreal needing to win, with them having a better team.
I mean, I was thinking plus 170, right?
175. I saw 200. I thinking plus 170, right? 175.
I saw 200.
I was like quickly just max.
Yeah.
And conversely, the other team I picked, Columbus,
I would have never thought they were going to be a 220 favorite.
I don't usually bet them that high.
So I thought that was going to be lower.
So it just goes to show I got to kind of guess what the lines are going to be here.
In that vein, here are my picks for this week's edition of the Gamma Corner.
Actually, this episode.
Friday night, Winnipeg at Carolina.
The Jets were spanked Tuesday in Tampa.
I think they're a better team than Carolina.
I think they're going to be a nice price on the road.
So we're going to take Winnipeg on the money line for a unit.
That's to make a unit or risk a unit.
Some people needed some clarification.
If I say a unit and the team's favorite, then you got the risk to make a unit. If they're underdog, then you're just risking a unit, just to clarify. So
Winnipeg on the money line for unit and the puck line for a half unit. My second pick, Toronto,
is at Edmonton Saturday night. It's tough to guess again, you know, a line three days before
the game, especially both teams going to be playing in the meantime. But I like the Leafs
on the money line for unit this game. I'm hoping to get them there, 1.50, 1.60,
and also the puck line for a half unit.
So once again.
Dude, they'll be like minus 210 in that game.
You think so?
Yeah.
All right, well, okay.
Well, even so, I'm still going to take them out.
Like I said, I don't like laying more than 200.
So anyways, Leafs money line for a unit, puck line for a half unit.
That's Saturday night and Friday night.
Winnipeg money line for a unit, puck line for a half unit.
So we'll see.
And if you're curious about questions, I know some people aren't keen
on some of the lines.
Just check in on Twitter.
I'll see what I can do.
One other note, too, we were talking about the Bruins.
Carolina played the Garden Tuesday night.
They wore the Wailers uniforms.
I think if you go retro, I think night. They were the wheelers uniforms. I think what's,
if you go retro,
I think both teams should have to wear retro uniforms.
You can't have the wheelers in the green.
And then the Bruins wearing the modern day uniforms,
you know?
Yeah.
I love those greens looked awesome though.
They came like,
I don't,
they just like,
just grab your eyes right away.
It's been so long,
but that uniform looks sweet.
Yeah.
Well,
another reason I would love to see Ma Shand
wearing that 1970s, 80s style bro and so when he's chirping,
people on Twitter, did you see that tweet about Ma?
Oh, that was so good.
I mean, that was one, like, I love the fact that he did that.
That's exactly what we're looking for in hockey,
and none of it's like, none of it's mean natured.
Actually, it's so funny that it's an obvious troll because it's him,
but it's such a compliment to Marner that it's like you can't say anything
about it.
So he's looking out for his fellow player while also trying to maybe screw
over a rival.
And then, of course, Kyle Dubas comes back and says, well, I think,
you know, with over 90
Well, I have the quote.
Oh, okay.
Go ahead.
He goes, that was a master troll job.
You have to respect that.
With over 90 probability to play Boston in the first round
that he was waking up in the morning
thinking about the Toronto Maple Leafs, we'll take that.
Wow. So a little bit of a jab back.
I love Dubas.
I know he's a little quirky guy, but he's got some humor to him.
And I love the play by Marshawn.
Every Leafs media guy went into that locker room
and asked all the players about it too.
So he's not only trolling the team, but he's trolling the entire fucking city.
So Marshawn continues to be the NHL villain, and he plays it to a T,
and I love everything about it.
Did you happen to see his quote after they brought it to him yesterday?
He said he kind of laughed, you know, with his shit-eating grin.
He's like, oh, some people really took that the wrong way.
I mean, give the kid credit.
He's a great player, and that's all I was trying to get at.
He's having a great year.
Just give him some credit where credit is due.
Like, he's such a fucking shitster,
and he's sitting there with a Cheshire cat grin like,
oh, I'm just giving him credit.
He's good at it.
He's good at what he does.
That's the type of stuff.
I can't get enough of that.
I mean, that's totally not harmful.
It's not going to do anything wrong.
It's just great for fans.
Absolutely.
Because you've got another wild story, don't you?
Yeah.
From the weekend with the boys?
Well, I guess I'll start with the weekend.
I actually, Joffrey Lupo and Teddy Purcell were in town.
Matt Harvey, the Dark Knight, played for the Mets,
now plays for the Anaheim Angels.
They were nice enough to bring us to the Eddie Vedder Show.
It was the Sloss Lake Festival in Tempe, Arizona.
I had a blast.
It was good seeing those guys.
Larry Flowers was there. He's the watch and
diamond guy that we hang out with, the fall guy, as we call him. We had a blast, guys. It was a
good time. And we actually saw that Joe Maddon ran into him. And apparently, Teddy Purcell was
saying he showed up to Stamco's 21st birthday party when he was managing the Tampa Bay,
is it the Devil Rays? Now it's just the Rays. Now he's with the C's just the rays now he's with the cubs right
now he's with the cubs yeah they brought him on stage along with some other ball players
i actually ran into chris chelios as well so i that's the fourth time i've met him i said hey
man what's up man good to see you and he's like who are you fuck are you and i'm like i'm like oh
paul i met you and he's like oh yeah bistanet bistanet And he's like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, Bissonnette, Bissonnette. And I'm like, oh, okay, he actually fucking knew my name.
Still has an incredible tan.
Looks like he's, you know, 35 years old.
And, you know, he was side stage with us, so good running into him.
But aside from that, I did have a crazy story that I was looking through
some of my voicemails.
And before I play the voicemail, I'll get into the start of the story,
and I'll try to make it quick and concise here.
So when I first started playing with the Coyotes,
I would frequent the W. Scottsdale.
And I ran into this girl one time there.
She was stunning.
And I would continue to run into her throughout the course of my first season.
She would always be with these guys, these shady characters.
And they're older guys.
You could tell they had money.
And I don't need to make the assumptions here on the podcast,
but I think you guys know where my head was at.
And I always had those assumptions.
Got her number.
She would always just blow me off at one point.
At one point, I did get the number.
And nothing ever ever
transpired i don't think i was in her uh her wheelhouse as far as the the actual lot of money
she was expecting well fast forward to bachelor party i went on in vegas and i ended up going to
the sapphire one night there to you know check out the performing arts and uh sure as shit this girl
i i turn around and she's right there and she's like oh my god like now i knew no she's
a stripper so she comes and sits down on my lap she was cool we we were talking i ended up basically
spending an hour and a half with her where we go to the back room we come back out i'd buy her
drinks like she didn't expect any money for the dance that was 50 please yeah yeah yeah i didn't
i didn't get suckered in whatever fast forward we ended up
hanging out when we got back to Scottsdale because she would travel there to work and we ended up
finally hooking up well she forgot her watch at my place the next morning I went to practice and
she texted me uh while I was on the ice like uh hey I forgot my watch I texted her back hey no
problem and then I got another text back her her asking, hey, what's your address?
I'll come grab it.
I didn't end up responding.
I forgot to, and I ended up going home, taking a nap,
and I woke up to this voicemail.
So it was weird that she asked me my address because she knew where I lived.
She'd been there the night before.
So this is the voicemail I get.
Hey, Paul, this is Lauren'sicemail
and shit, but I'm not.
I'm not a nice guy at all, dude. I've done a lot
of fucked up shit in my life.
You can't even ask her.
So, it'd be smart
for you probably
not to ever talk to her again, okay?
Because if I find out you are,
I'll find you,
and I'll find out everything about you, dude.
All right?
It's not going to be good.
You seem like you got a lot going for you, bro.
And to have some kind of black cloud over your head like that isn't good.
All right?
Have a nice day.
So, I mean, that's probably the nicest death threat of all time, I would assume.
He wished me a nice day.
You know it's a true one, too.
Send him a link to your hockey fights page oh yeah he'd send you a link to like a gun page
and a knife page and like e-bombs world dude so so what so when did you get that message
what's transpired well i guess let's just say this that was the end of me and laura's relationship
um you know they lived happily ever
after but uh i don't know i was just like a little shocked like i never got the heads up that she had
a boyfriend and or if that was even her boyfriend but uh she ended up messaging me at later and just
said hey like you know it's it's been a messy day here and i was like hey are you okay she's like
yeah i'm fine just like we just need to stop talking. And I'm like, yeah, sure. Like, I don't, I mean, yeah, I don't want to die. I'm going to continue to live. I'm going to keep you watch though. Is
that cool? Yeah. I'm like, uh, yeah, this Michael Kors, it's mine. I think it was a, I think it was
a rolling, nice rolling. We did a little exchange rate on that. But, uh, so guys, just for future
reference, you might want to avoid sleeping with strippers.
That's just, I mean, just biz advice.
I learned the hard way.
You know, I'm very open about everything that I agree.
Unless, of course, you want to argue online about hockey.
It may seem at one point in your life that it's a great idea.
At one point in the night, you may say, wow, this is what I want.
She was a 10, by the way.
But listen to biz.
It's not ideal in the end. She was a 10 by the way listen to biz it's not it's not ideal in the
end she was a 10 but i'm gonna tell you a tan a fucking tan that if you do in fact end up sleeping
with a stripper you might have your head chopped off and guys real quick here we got to ask our
listeners a favor we have a survey that we're asking all of our listeners to take and it's
going to help better our podcast and that survey can be taken at barstoolsports.com slash chicklets dash survey.
That's barstoolsports.com slash chicklets dash survey.
The dash is like the little minus button for you non-computer people listening.
But as I said, this survey is going to help us uh better uh provide you guys
with content and product and and other things that you guys want to hear about so please go
take that survey once again last time barstoolsports.com slash chiclets dash survey thank you very much
let's get back to the pod actually all right i saw that i saw a trailer for that last night
that looks fucking bananas it's insane dude it was just on national geographic uh it was obviously like i
just said it won the oscar for best documentary it's in it's insane the dude alex honnold he's a
what they call a free climber and he just climbs mountains like with his fucking hands and his feet
dude no ropes no nothing no chains whatever it's the most insane athletic feat i've ever seen
and the cinematography is absolutely insane because you have to have people climbing the Dude, no ropes, no nothing, no chains, whatever. It's the most insane athletic feat I've ever seen.
And the cinematography is absolutely insane because you have to have people climbing the mountain with you to record this guy.
And when you look up, they look right up the face of the mountain.
It actually looks like it's like leaning out over you.
It's absolutely insane.
The guy, he's done all kinds of climbs all over the world.
He's been on Oprah.
He's world famous.
Again, his name, Alex Honnold, pretty well known.
There's been a few mountain climbing documentaries
recently. Maru was another one.
If you haven't seen this one, check it out. And there was another
documentary as well. It was called Minding the Gap.
It was actually nominated for Best
Documentary as well.
People think it's about skateboarding, but it's about
these three kids. They're all kind of
connected by sort of childhood trauma,
which they don't really find out about until later. It's kind of a
deep documentary.
I hadn't heard about it until it was nominated.
I checked it out, but it's on Hulu.
So if you've got a chance, check that out.
Again, it's called Mind in a Gap.
Again, it kind of reminded me of Mystic River, a little bit of boyhood,
because they filmed it over several years.
But if you're looking for kind of a deep documentary, it's not a happy-go-lucky one,
but definitely check that out.
But before that, check out Free Solo Man. Alex Honnold, he's got to be the ballsiest athlete in the world,
Grinelli. I mean, to see this guy climb a mountain, again, with nothing. He just goes
with fucking sneakers on and his hands, and he climbs the side of a mountain. So check that out.
It's on National Geographic. I'm sure it's going to be airing again. So all right, boys, I'm going
to wrap it up from here. I hope everybody has a great week,
great weekend, whatever you're doing, whatever your hours are and have a good one.
Peace. You will be queen Though nothing
Nothing will drop in your way
We can be heroes
Just for one day
We can be happy.
It's just for one day.
I, I remember
standing by the wall
The guns
Shot up at our heads
And we kissed
As though nothing could fall And the city We'll be heroes
Just one day
We can be heroes.
We can be heroes.
We can be heroes.
We can be heroes just one day.
