Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 157 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Got a little bit of a sick crew tonight. There's a bug going around the Chicklets family.
Let's say hello to Ryan Whitney first. How you doing, brother?
I'm great, guys. How are you?
Doing all right.
See, I'm ready to battle. I'm ready to battle through this cold.
Oh, you're sick right now, Whit?
Just grinding. Just grinding. I'm not sleeping. Just waking up every 35 minutes and like like it's just a warrior just i'm a it's like my jordan podcast extra night there's our other host
paul business nasty what's up brother how we doing pal desert dogs six of seven on their
seven game homestand i'm doing great and we'll get into that later yes you're going to be getting
more arizona coyotes talk so if you want to complain about it, I suggest you shut the podcast
off right now. Oh, baby. And last but not least, our sunburned producer, Mikey Grinnelli, fresh
off a plane from South Padre Island, Texas. One of my old spring break haunts about 25 years ago.
What's up, pal? How'd everything go down there this weekend? I may be sunburned now, boys,
but this, uh,
this Italian skin is going to be looking like a bronze God.
I saw a clip when there was like 11 people in the crowd,
you were trying to fire up at one of the events.
Probably. Yeah. Hey, I'm just doing,
I'm just trying to make the sponsors happy, man. That's all I do. Okay.
Okay. Company's pocket. I'm a company guy now. That's what I did.
I traveled seven hours to go to a spring break when it wasn't even spring break weekend. So, you know, I'm just out here grinding. I'm a company guy now. That's what I did. I traveled seven hours to go to a spring break
when it wasn't even spring break weekend.
I'm just out here grinding.
Let's hear about it.
It was a week early?
Yeah, I just got to hang out with the South Padre locals
for the week.
I think we were off by a week.
Let's ask the question
everyone's wondering.
What was the count at none oh honestly it might be a good thing seeing what it looked like down there yeah
i will defend myself to this that it it was virtually impossible it was there was nobody
and and there was the one night there was this trippy red concert every girl you go up and talk
to so when you'd go into the bar they'd either give you a bracelet if you were above 21 or they put a black X
on your hand. If you were below 21,
every single girl you talk to is like below 21 and then they smile and they
have braces or something. And you're like, Jesus Christ,
the fuck am I doing here?
I thought this was going to be like college kids going,
going ape shit bananas, but it wasn't.
So caller daddy girls went to Cabo and you went to Texas?
I went to Texas.
But I will take this away.
If I didn't get laid in Texas,
this tan's going to get me laid
because I'm going to look good this week.
Fair enough. Residual kills.
It looks like a burn right now.
What's the clock here?
What are we giving you?
We're giving you 10 days to muster up one notch.
Oh yeah, that's reasonable. A new one to muster up one notch. Oh, yeah.
That's reasonable.
A new one?
Yeah, new one.
That's very reasonable.
Okay, well, let's say while we set the under over at seven days then,
if you're so confident.
Under over 10.
So what happens if I don't?
Let's put some stakes on this.
How about some stakes?
How about you take us out for a nice dinner if you
can't muster one up and then if so the next time i see you we'll take you out yeah we picked the
restaurant and the wine deal deal deal hey miss hey was louis back yard still open by the way
mike all right louis backyard was still open i went there last night it was funny because
we went there late night and we showed up on the barstool
tour bus so so we show up out front and we tell the sales guy to the sales guy that we were with
craig great guy irish accent he's the man and we tell him to go up to the front of the line and be
like hey like we have some guys on this bus like they're pretty they're pretty cool people they're
gonna get like stormed by these like by these kids if if you know they're pretty, they're pretty cool people. They're going to get like stormed by these, like by these kids.
If, if, you know, they're not taking care of it.
This is giving me the willies here in this.
So the guy, the guy looks at him and goes, is Cardi B on that bus?
He goes, no.
He goes, then get the fuck out of here.
We're not that cool.
We respect it.
We paid the cover.
I went in and had a good time.
Oh fuck.
I don't even notice us. And shout out to natural light. Cause I don't it. We paid the cover, went in, had a good time. Oh, fuck. No one even noticed us.
And shout out to Natural Light, because I don't
even get to go on that trip without
them. They were great to us while we were down there.
They treated us like royalty. So
shout out to Natty Light, the Natty Tour. Barstool's
going to be crushing the Natty Tour for the next
couple months. So keep an eye out for
that, because Barstool's
going to be killing it. Okay, so let's go back to last
episode. I told that story about the death threat voicemail you guys heard the voicemail uh i don't
want there to be any confusion i got some tweets uh with people's concerns about my well-being this
weekend this that voicemail was left about six or seven years ago when i first started playing
with the arizona coyotes well phoenix coyotes at the time. So I'm okay.
I'm not,
you know,
buried at fucking six feet under in the middle of the desert.
I reached out,
I found the girl on Instagram.
I reached out to her.
She's going to come on and talk about,
I actually had a phone conversation.
I got her number via DM called her.
I said,
Hey,
would you come on the podcast?
I don't want to hear anything about how you've been or how,
where this guy is at, that you were dating at the time, save it for the podcast. And she said she was would you come on the podcast? I don't want to hear anything about how you've been or where this guy is at
that you were dating at the time.
Save it for the podcast.
And she said she was willing to come on.
Just couldn't make it for this episode.
Now, saying that, all right, we're going to wait,
but I'm so interested to hear the story about the one time you got busted
banging a chick and her boyfriend.
I'm telling this one now.
Okay.
Yeah, I got a little horny for it.
This is a doozy.
All right.
This was shit.
It was Columbus Day weekend.
It was probably 96, 95 up at college.
You know, half the school goes home, half the school stays and gets drunk.
And we play in a pool with a bowie hanger.
And a girl I hadn't really seen around before.
My college was like a high school.
Everybody knew everybody.
I mean, there was 3,000 kids tops.
I lean over, shoot a pool wall, and I feel someone grab my ass.
I don't really have an ass, which is kind of ironic.
So I turn, I look, and this girl's kind of smiling.
I'm like, who's this fucking broad?
Like, I haven't seen her before.
I just didn't see her around a lot.
And, you know, so we ended up talking.
I ended up, you know, taking her home, whatever.
We have a couple do-si-dos, have a grand old time.
And, you know, it's like morning.
It's light out.
Now, I don't know if I heard something or if I sensed, but I was laying there and I opened my eyes and I look up
and at the foot of my bed, there's a dude standing there, hovering over the edge of my bed. And I
don't even remember her name. So I'll just say it's fucking Judy or something. He's like, Judy.
Just make a name out of this guy. I can tell you we own a Judy. Yeah, you're a Judy guy.
Judy, what are you doing? Judy, how can you do you do this and i'm like what the fuck's going on now i get up right
you know me i'm not an athlete i get up i'm still in my boxes there's fucking trojan packages all
over the fucking humble brag couple rounds they all right he didn't catch us in the action he
caught us at post action which is probably worse because he's walking all rubbers all over the
place you get in my boxes.
Like this kid was on like one of the baseball and basketball team.
You get me.
All these fucking athletes, girls.
Oh my God.
No.
So listen, I had fucking no clue about anything.
So I get up.
I'm like, dude, what's going on?
It's seven o'clock in the morning.
Now, like, you know, this, he's like, he reaches over and he pulls the covers.
She's fucking naked as a jaybird.
So she grabs the covers.
She's like trying to get to the center of the earth, underneath the covers like he sees her naked so now he knows like you
know whoever the girl is she just got plowed all night so i'm like buddy listen it's oh yeah
just seeing her in bed with you wouldn't have given it away like exactly
final straw exactly he gets his slob coming out of bed in his boxes and rubbers all over the place
and his well come to find out his girl there later so i get up now i don't know anything i'm fucking half asleep to
this i'm like buddy i goes it's fucking seven in the morning i go you gotta take this up with her
later let's fucking go i got roommates sleeping you know so oh you were at your house yeah we
were in my house how the fuck did he find her it was like i catch my iphone or whatever late
night said oh i heard last night she was late late late at late at my goose. Cause my bedroom was a bar too.
I had a bar in my bedroom.
So after the bars closed, I mean, this couldn't fit.
Like your bedroom was a bar.
Yeah.
It was a, I had the whole top floor, two floors above the bar.
We all hung out.
It was a bedroom slash bar.
It had a bar built into it pre before I even moved in.
So it was a bar.
That's how RA would get laid.
He would drop the after hours bomb.
You want to come to my place? I throw a mean after like beat me hey i'm telling you leave
telling you what for party girls that bumps you up a notch r.a so so so this one yeah this was
just a straight i don't even think i had a like enticer with my fancy bedroom so i'm walking the
guy out like he's like fucking crestfallen now and i'm like well my buddy you gotta get the
fuck out here it's seven in the morning you're around someone's house screaming and yelling so i get him to the front door and he like slams
the front door now i'm pissed i was i opened the door i was like don't you slam my fucking door
like and he's like fuck you i'm like fuck you turn around and my roommates they're like fucking
andre dawson with his louisville slugger over his shoulder ready to crack the kid he's like what the
fuck's going on because he was sleeping and he heard all yelling and screaming he woke up come
bombing out so anyways the kid leaves.
Well,
come to find out this kid and this girl were high school sweethearts.
They went to college together.
Like they lived together at college.
They broke up after being together for like seven years. And it was like their first night they weren't together.
And he was out of town and she just wanted to fucking get some ass.
I had no idea.
All right.
Hey,
let me say something.
I think I figured out who fucking let his dog shit in front of your house
the other day.
I'm not Crime Dog McGruff.
I'm not Sherlock Holmes, but all eyes are,
all brains are saying that guy did it.
Yeah.
So, you know, later, a couple weeks later,
like we were all within close proximity of the bar and like,
she was kind of like flirt with me and he was like too free. He goes, listen, we were all within close proximity to the bar. And, like, she was kind of, like, flirting with me.
And he was, like, too free.
He goes, listen.
I goes, you two figure out what the fuck's going on here.
I'm not getting in a fucking triangle.
Figure it out.
Blah, blah, blah.
I think we've heard enough.
Yeah.
Then they were supposedly back.
Well, anyways, for good measure, I knuckled her one more time afterwards.
Knuckled her.
Oh, my God.
This is the beginning of this episode.
A guy pounded your girl.
R.A. pounded your girl. R.A. pounded your girl.
Yeah.
Did they get back together?
I believe they're married now.
I think they're still together all these years.
Oh, God.
So I'm the only thing they fucking fight about, apparently.
Me.
Jesus.
All right, let's move on.
Hey, I'm lucky I didn't get killed, man.
That's how I ruined this guy's life.
Highly volatile situation I was in.
I'm lucky I got out unscathed.
So speaking of maniacs, we got the
Yandel brothers coming on a little later to join us.
Keith and Brian, you grew up with
these two. What are we expecting later with these
nuts? For me, it
was just a normal session
hanging out with Keith and Brian Yandel.
I've seen Brian Yandel now for
25 years just hold court,
go to Vegas with him, and I look over
and he's talking. There's 11 people around listening to him.
Like he's, he's a comedy show.
So I think everyone will really enjoy it.
We had fun on this one.
It was pretty long too, wasn't it?
I think we might have a star in the making and Brian Yandel.
Oh yeah.
He was, he's, he's reoccurring.
I mean, if the people, I said, listen,
this is a big pressure moment for you.
Are the people going to love you?
Are the people going to be like, I don't know about him.
I think after the interview, people are going to be like,
let's get some more B-Wizzle Ross Yandel.
We didn't even go into why he's called Ross,
by the way. Can we talk about how the next night
after the skills competition,
we saw him out at that bar and he
passed out and they got a picture with him
and he was just... There's a picture of Lundqvist
hugging him, me sitting next to him,
Keith sitting next to me, or I'm up
above, Grinelli's in the picture, and he is just packing his shoes he had a long day dude yeah they both inherited that
well-known yandel wit for sure a couple of funny guys but let's take it to the ice saturday night
some festivities in the nhl uh by saying that i mean suspensions jacob vorchuk had suspended
two games for interference on john Boychuk. I'm
not sure if you guys saw it. It looked like what some guys call a reverse hit. The thing was
Voracek didn't have the puck. He wasn't anywhere near the puck. He saw Boychuk coming. Boychuk
wasn't eligible to be hit and had no expectation to be hit. Voracek fucking clocked him. And I
don't know if you saw the clip, but Boychuk was barking at him. I will get you. He was pointing,
you could read his mouth, clear his day. I will get you, he said to Boychuk.
So Boychuk had two games for it,
and Boychuk is issuing threats across the ice.
Biz, what's your spin on this one?
Yeah, I watched it.
I just thought he got a little horny on the reverse hit.
Unfortunate that he got him too high.
To me, this is a hockey play.
You know, things got chippy the other night,
so I'm not saying it was the smartest play.
Good thing Boychuk's not seriously hurt.
Two games to me is  I think that's a little stiff.
They're trying to change the culture, whatever, two games.
I thought one would have been fair and one considering
I mean, I know it's not correlated, but Malkin did swing a stick
at a Philadelphia Flyer he ended up getting
one game it's just it's tough to to look at I know they're not similar situations but
um I thought two was a little stiff that's just my opinion on it Whit.
Uh I said you said it perfect that he just got a little over anxious on it because if he waited
maybe like another second or another step but he like really moved away from the puck and
drilled him you know wait you know way too early but boychuk's coming to bury him so i understand
you know the reverse hit it's just waiting till the puck's actually in your feet and then still
you can't get him in the head now um the crazy thing was after boychuk was like i don't know if
you see his like little press conference in the locker room. You could tell he was so disgusted.
He was like, what the fuck?
He's fucking pointing at me like it's WrestleMania.
This is pro hockey.
And I just like, from what Commodore has told me about Borachuk,
without knowing him, I felt like I knew him,
and he was just like disgusted with it.
And then he mentioned that last year, Borachuk suckered Nolan Patrick.
I never saw it.
I don't remember that.
I don't know.
Maybe something happened.
Calling it a sucker shot is probably a bit of an exaggeration.
That was a blatant, like, we're talking 70s hockey.
Johnny Boychuck pointing at him.
I mean, the only thing he didn't do was slit his throat.
That'll get you, like, five, ten games nowadays.
That used to be the go-to, just to slit throat at the guy in the penalty box.
I think I got a couple of them.
I need to see a nice throat slash yeah the upcoming months here's playoff time throat
slash that's uh that's like a warning maybe a fine like regular season throat slash you're
probably getting the game oh so i was just i mean that was entertaining i mean i i looked i'm i i'm
upset at myself because i should know if they play again this year. I'm guessing they do.
Division Rivals.
One more game.
So we'll see.
We'll see what happens in that one.
Yeah, last season between those two, it did end pretty ugly.
Boychuk did have a skirmish with Patrick.
To say he sucked at him, I mean,
he gave him a bit of a rabbit punch on his fucking face shield.
But it's nice to see these two Patrick rivals starting to get the hatred
for each other again.
It's been a little while since the flyers and islanders have actually hated each
other and we saw another guy tweet out his uh disgust i mean evander kane uh with the chara
hit he had the three blind mice and then vorchek with the the laughing faces of course right
afterward on the suspension so guys are you know guys aren't uh using a lot of words and not really going into
detail about their disgust more just kind of trolling the league a little well it's funny
it's great with social media paul because you can say whatever and it's vague enough where you're
not calling a ref out you're not calling an agency out you're just saying hey this is vague enough
where i'm giving my opinion but you can't fucking really discipline me for it so for all you flyers
fans who say we rag on you guys all the time, I thought the penalty was a little bit stiff.
So, see, give a little, take a little.
Real quick, guys, I want to talk to you for a second about Muggsy jeans.
If you're an athlete, you know how hard it is to find jeans that fit you well.
The truth is men's clothes are not designed for guys with bigger asses
and bigger legs, especially when it comes to jeans
and especially when it comes to hockey players.
But I got good news.
The answer to your problems is finally here.
Muggsy jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us.
Mugsy was started by a stoolie who was tired of having his balls choked out in his jeans.
His goal was simple.
Reinvent men's jeans to look and feel outrageously comfortable.
He spent five years working with industry experts and athletes,
like former NHL player and Hobie Baker winner Blake Jeffron,
to perfect the fit and feel of his jeans.
The magic is in Muggsy's proprietary denim,
which is made from a bunch of high-tech materials that make these jeans
mind-blowingly soft and flexible.
And when I say flexible, I mean these jeans are so stretchy,
you could hit the squat rack in them, no problem.
They're so comfortable, they make basic movements like sitting,
bending a nail, and feel like a dream.
I got a couple pairs of them, no exaggeration.
You want to sleep in these things.
They're super comfy, unlike any other pair of jeans I've owned in my 40-something years. Even better, Mugsy's comes in
a stylish fit that's not too baggy, not too tight, so you somehow look even better than you feel.
Men's Health called Mugsy jeans the best jeans for athletes for good reason. Take our word for it.
Give Mugsy jeans a try, and you won't be able to wear any other jeans again. Mugsy is so confident
you'll love their jeans, they do free shipping and returns. So your comfort is 100 guaranteed.
Do your legs a favor, head to Mugsy.com.
That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out Mugsy's full lineup of jeans and safe for work chinos,
include new styles and sizes.
Use the code SPIT, S-P-I-T for 10 off.
That's a beer on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made by heading
to Mugsy.com using the code SPIT.
All right, brings us to our next hit slash suspension.
Jack Eichel was also given a suspension for two games for an illegal check
to the head of Kyle Soderbergh Saturday versus Colorado.
It did look like Soderbergh was kind of reaching for the puck
just as Jack threw his hit, but the league deemed the contact avoidable
and stressed that the head was the principal point of contact,
really the only point of contact with the hit.
So it might not have looked intentional.
I certainly don't think Jack intended to hit him in the head, but he followed through, caught him in the head.
So he's getting the same time as Vorachuk, probably due to more catch in the head than the actual brunt of the blow,
if that makes sense.
So, Wits, did you happen to catch that one?
What's your take?
Yeah, another chippy game.
I actually caught the beginning when I think it was Zdorov, right right he hit eichel real hard at the beginning of the game yeah first
period it ended up not being a headshot apparently but it was like pretty hard hit and then at the
end he kind of ripped his helmet off like as he was going down so i actually this isn't ideal this
doesn't sound like i'm happy that the guy the guy you know he got a guy in the head but kind of happy like that shows like little fucking like fuck you like this guy's the franchise
of buffalo and like then he played angry and he went out and yeah ideally you're not going to
drill a guy in the head but he showed he was you know he showed he was rattled he showed he was
ready to do something and i think that soderbergh was leaning over i a lot of it has sometimes you
know there's sometimes where you got to put the
onus on the other guy who's getting hit like you got to protect yourself that's what oats was
talking to us about members like teaching his guys never to be in those positions well i mean
soderbergh now granny's reaching for the puck but um i understand the suspension but there's also
kind of pluses if you take if you could take anything out of it if you're a sabers fan uh
and i mean i hope soderbergh's okay yeah
it looked bad i i actually think the zadorov one was worse as far as intent uh you know it's hard
it's hard to disaccuse eichel of of like legit just headhunting considering how far the guy was
hunched over so he might have kind of bailed out last second it didn't look good so i i think two games is fair i like to me to me the eichel
one was worse than the voracek one though as far as uh as hockey plays concerned i think that if
eichel gets two though i think zadorov deserves at least one for what he did and i guess you could
say that the eichel one may have been a retaliation I don't know if he said that in post-game comments,
that he was that frustrated where he was running around.
No, I don't think he would have said that.
I want to say somebody messaged me about the fact that he was vocal about it,
whether it was Voracek post-game or whether it was Eichel post-game.
I don't know if I'm mixing the two up, but I don't know.
I'm not going to say he was looking for retaliation
if he didn't confirm it post-game.
But, yeah, I thought two games was, once again,
maybe a little stiff, but they're trying to change
their culture, but I'm okay with two games on this one.
On the Voracek one, I still think one game
would have been fair.
Hey, quickly, not to interrupt.
Have you guys
seen this geico commercial it just popped on my tv it's me it's the guy he's doing hibachi
have you seen this i have not you know i was gonna say it no idea i saw this guy and i'm like
he's doing hibachi it's this geico commercial and if i grew my hair out it would be my hair
and then it's kind
of like my body like pale and like milk bodyish a little i was just like oh my god like i'm looking
at myself doing hibachi in a geico commercial as we can move on it just kind of popped well
spit and chicklets memes will put it up we know that chicklets memes speak of i need a spit and
chicklets memes of the the cannon guy from col Columbus. Did you see the clip of that guy?
They bombed the cannon off the dude.
Literally got six feet in the air and fell down.
It's phenomenal.
I mean, I would put maybe if I was spitting chicklets memes,
I'd put like wit when he gets to a golf course and the greens are punched.
But we won't use that now.
But that's kind of where I'm thinking.
When you get to spring break and there's no chicks.
When you get to spring break the week before spring break.
Oh, man.
So, yeah, a couple of playoff teams that really can't afford to lose any guys.
I'm sorry, playoff bubble teams in Philly and Buffalo.
Losing a couple of key guys.
Not opportune right now for them.
Biz, how about another little shout-out for you on Hockey Night in Canada?
Well, I think it was more us. I mean, it just so happens that me and McDavid looked at each other
like we wanted to go each other.
And then they put the Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper meme underneath.
Who made that?
I don't know.
Whoever made that meme, it was pretty good.
It was very funny.
And shout out to Hockey Night in Canada for plugging us once again.
And the McDavid interview was a good time.
I think a lot of people changed their perspective
on how quote-unquote boring he is.
He's took a page right out of Crosby's book.
He's not going to give you anything.
He's not going to say anything that's going to ruffle feathers.
He just wants to play hockey.
He doesn't want  because, I mean, he's such a big name.
He says anything minuscule that might be controversial,
everyone's going to blow it out of proportion.
We let his team comb through the
interview just in case you know they're just looking out for him in his best interest and i
think people just need to understand that these guys aren't boring they just are way more into
the microscope than let's say brian yandel and if you did miss it gene principe was talking to
connor as they kicked off hockey night in canada saturday about 6 30 and he said hey you appeared
on spitting chiclets this week. I shit my pants.
I was watching and I couldn't believe it.
Gene's my boy. He's the
master of puns.
It was awesome, man, to hear that shout out
and actually talk about the show for a couple minutes.
It was pretty good. He gave Teddy a nice little shout out.
So, good. Thanks for the shout out, Hockey
Night in Canada. Much appreciated.
That's the song, right?
Oh, you're worried now we're going to get screwed.
Might have to get a towel, another towel for you soon, Biz, huh?
Biz might have a comrade like the lady who got the towel.
You fucking idiot.
Don't disrespect the towel.
Dude, Scott Hartnell, I think he makes everything just a little bit more
interesting by his mere presence.
Pretty funny moment during the ceremonial face-off between Nashville
and Carolina the other night.
They had Roman Yossi and Justin Williams,
and Scott Hartnell offered 100 to the winner.
And not only did he offer 100 to the winner of the ceremonial face-off,
he did it with his kid, holding his kid like in his left hand,
and he drops the puck.
And it's funny, if it was a legit face-off,
Williams probably would have got thrown out of it.
But Williams was early.
Yossi ended up winning the face-off. it's just funny little stuff like that how it's just
indicative of how much of a character hotnell is and when he was in the league that he thinks of
the stuff that nobody else does all right you mentioned it the scariest thing about that is
the fact that you know those guys got very competitive and part of the carpet came up that
was on the ice and he had his kid in hand i'm like man what like what happens if that like slips out and you get your kid in your hands on the ice but thankfully
nothing serious happened uh you said it hartnell just makes everything funnier and uh and that was
a competitive draw i told you guys that story about uh brent seabrook and nathan horton who uh
when we were at the under 17 championship and it was a round robin game
and we were the probably the one and two seeds other than the U.S. program coming out of Canada
and they had the ceremonial faceoff where they dug in. Like I thought there was going to be a
Donnybrook of both teams just going at it. That's how intense that faceoff got.
Yeah. Before this season, I'm not sure we talked about money on the board with ceremonial faceoffs,
but Horton now retires and now it's become a thing, so that's pretty funny.
Now, Wednesday night after we recorded,
there was a nice little skirmish between Calgary and Vegas,
and also shout-out to Big Walt.
He posed with a couple of Chicklets, Calgary Flames fans
who were at the game as well.
He posed, took a picture with them, so that was nice of him.
But during the game, Matthew Kachuk, he backed into Marc-Andre Fleury
at the top of the crease, sent both of them tumbling.
It was, you know, I think it might have been right at the edge of the blue,
but it led to the standard face washing and fuck yous, but, you know, no actual fighting.
But then it was interesting.
David Rittich from the Calgary Golden, he skated to his own blue line.
He started banging a stick on the ice.
Marc-Andre Fleury, he kind of went out between the circles.
He dropped his stick, gave the blocker a little bit of a wiggle,
thought we were going to get a goalie fight.
It never transpired.
Cooler heads prevailed. But, Witz, what was your take on that, thought we were going to get a goalie fight. It never transpired. Cool ahead prevailed.
But, Wits, what was your take on that?
You must have been praying for a goalie fight.
Well, listen, Fleury has always said he wants to get into a fight.
He's like, I want to get into a fight.
He's said it before.
So I think that he's probably actually thinking about wanting to really do this.
I mean, I always kind of thought he was joking.
He's had concussions before.
I'm sure, like, the Vegas coaching staff and general management
is, like, going to throw up if Fleury's in a fight.
But either way, it was entertaining.
I didn't think that  like, he was showing that he wanted to fight
more than Riddick was.
Yeah, he wanted to go.
And keep in mind, Matthew Kachuk was very active that game.
Stalker.
Yeah.
I mean, he's got an unbelievable net front presence
and really gets into the minds of goalies.
I wonder how many times he's been chopped in the back of the leg this year
just with the old goalie one paddle.
Actually, Grinnell, you got the audio from Flurry, right?
Yep.
Yeah, play that and I'll give my synopsis on it after.
What was going on when you set your stick down
and Rittich was smacking his stick on the ice at the blue line? synopsis on and after. Good talk. Would you have? Talk to him? No, what about him?
Yeah, I thought he was coming, but...
I don't know.
It's part of the game.
Sometimes things happen.
It's fine.
All that matters is what the game is.
Yeah, so, I mean, you heard from Fleury.
He was a little horny for one, and he'd been bumped into by Kachuk.
They had a goal disallowed earlier so i
think he was just getting sick and tired of of people crashing his crease that's why he got
involved and sometimes when goalies get involved the other goalie kind of says hey i'm sticking up
for my boys comes out and flurry wanted it did rich have any comments afterward about whether
he just didn't want to do it or whether he was pissed off about the situation. I didn't see any.
Yeah, it definitely sounded to me like Marc-Andre was itching for a scrap.
Yeah, you know, he certainly was going to be willing to fight him,
but it didn't happen.
But, you know, keep an eye on Marc-Andre for the rest of the year,
because he sounds like he's itching for one.
And speaking of him, he got his 438th win the other night.
He passed Jacques Plante for eighth on the all-time list.
Next up, Terry Sawchuck with 445 wins.
He could get it this year, but I'd say it's definitely coming.
Do you know Jacques Pont had to wear that mask because of an injury to play?
And the coach, I think it was Tobe Blake, wouldn't let him.
Once he didn't need it anymore, he's like, no, you can't wear it anymore.
So he didn't wear it one game, and they lost.
And then he put it back on, and they continued to win and win.
It was like the coach wasn't going to let him wear that thing once he was healed.
Jesus Christ. It's insane to me. I thought he was fine.
I'm going to wear it. The coach is like, take the mask off right now, jock.
That's insane. This shows you the hockey
level back then where you don't even want a guy protecting his fucking game. That's a good word for it.
Hockey level. That's a keeper word for it, hockey hurdle level.
That's a keeper.
A little stat, new stat for us.
You know, Florida's having a great year, 34-19-5, 2-4-8, 9-1-2,
eight shutouts, which is a crazy number.
I'm not sure if he's going to be in the finalists for the Vezina buddies.
Dude, I'll tell you, Vegas is 13-1 to win the cup.
I saw that the other day.
That's not a bad little price if you want to jump on them.
I mean, they should get in the playoffs.
We saw what they did last year.
Just a little tip.
And some other goalie news.
Braden Holtby became the second fastest goalie ever to 250 wins.
Took him 409 games.
Ken Dryden, a Canadian's legend, did it in 381 games.
Of course, he did it in a different era.
No overtime, no shootout.
I don't know how much that matters, actually, because, you know,
would you have won more games back then? I was trying to figure that out, and it kind of put my brain in a pretzel.
Well, you would, I mean,
you'd never have the chance of
not getting a decision, though.
If you're on a good team,
you'd get so many more wins in overtime,
I think. Yeah, yeah. I mean, Dryden
obviously was on fucking the greatest
teams in the history of hockey back in the
70s. Also, hope he tied Olaf Kozik for the team record with his 35th shutout.
He did it in fewer games than Hozik.
I hope he's a little bit off his career average right now,
but he's a playoff goalie, man.
I mean, his number's a little higher than what we're used to seeing.
He might not be a Vezina finalist, but he won the Cup in the playoffs.
His playoff numbers are insane since he started this league.
I wouldn't worry about him much. I'll tell you, I think it's Vassie's to lose because I know people are talking
about Freddie Anderson, 33-13-4, 2-5-6, 9-2-4. I'll be surprised if Vassileski doesn't win the
Vesna this year, though. Yeah, he's fucking out of his mind. And he did go down with injury early
in the year, but he's been ridiculous since he's came back.
Yeah, I mean, 31-8-4 in 43 games started, 2-2-4, 9-3-1 save,
presented six shutouts.
I mean, he's going to have to fall off a cliff to not win that.
A couple of the off-the-ice notes.
Mark Stone officially signed his eight-year deal.
It was a little bit more than we thought.
Eight years, 76 million.
The cap hit in the average annual value, 9.5 million. We're going to see if he
still takes commercial jets after this.
He's got a full no-move clause for all
eight years, so he's not going anywhere unless he
absolutely wants to. He's only going to be 34
when the deal ends. Vegas is getting a great
play in his prime for the duration of
his prime. You've got to love this
deal if you're a Vegas fan.
Yeah, I think
that we went into it before how good
he is. The only question we've had is
how his skating
will be in five, six years.
To say even now that
you'd know how that's going to end is
just ridiculous because I think people
at maybe early in
Bergeron's career was like, does he skate well enough?
You know what I mean? You just hear stuff. Maybe he continues
to get better, but right now as a player,
he's one of the best forwards in the league.
They've been on a run since he
got there. Thank God
last night, Saturday night in
Vancouver, I was getting crushed
and then I just hammered them. They were up
5-0 what felt like six minutes into the
game. They're on a roll.
What you said earlier, I love that call of them
maybe getting to the cup again because I think that with with flurry they have the best goalie in the conference
yeah i i like the move a lot uh you know we we talked about her a bit when we thought it
happened i didn't know it wasn't uh confirmed i thought it actually was official yeah i mean so
i guess it's just so it's at a level professional my job. Yeah. But I think that this is a slight overpayment.
But instead of going to  well, I don't even go to free agency
and competing with other teams or the fact that maybe another team
would have picked them up at the deadline and then signed them also,
they had a very good player and probably one of the most sought-after
free agents, if not the most, probably other than Skinner.
And who's the other one I'm missing?
Duchesne.
I mean, he's going to be...
Yeah, Duchesne.
Panarin.
Panarin.
I mean, he would have been right up there.
But to me, he's a complete game player.
Like, he's got great wall work.
He's a big guy.
He's physical.
He's got good scoring touch.
He can make plays.
He's a playoff player.
He's a playoff type player.
He sets a great
example for the guys in the locker room with his work habits we heard that from Walt Kachuk who
mentioned that he was uh um instrumental in in Brady's development early shows to save your
money by not flying private that's good that's showing the guys there you go so I like the move
for Vegas and they got enough cap room to work with
that uh that they can afford them so hey good pickup by them and and as you guys mentioned
they had a tough start to the year this year i picked them to miss playoffs i'm an idiot i think
they're going to do very well oh do we have all of our predicted we make what were our predictions
beginning of the year division winners and stuff or did we just pick cup winners we pick teams to
make the playoffs like the top three and i had stuff? Or did we just pick cup winners? We picked teams that make the playoffs, like the top three.
Did we?
I had them having a sophomore slump.
I wouldn't have a clue if you tried to ask me who I picked.
I mean, I'm very interested to see how I did this season.
You've been saying Lightning all year.
You've been saying that's been you.
Oh, I know that, but I don't remember who I picked
as the three teams to get in from the Pacific.
I don't have a clue.
I had LA.
I remember I was...
The only thing I remember I was right about was that Kovalchuk
probably...
It's a long time since he played in the NHL,
so people were saying 30 goals. I wasn't sure
about that.
Vegas has quickly become a go-to
destination for free agents, man.
They're locking some solid fucking players up,
and it's become a place that players want to go very quickly.
Last week, there was also a very nice gesture from the NHL.
They had made sure all 31 rings displayed Ted 7 in red on all their boards
in tribute to Ted Lindsey.
Henrik Zetterberg told a pretty funny story the other day about Ted.
He said any time his landline rang, because he said,
Ted never called my cell phone.
He says, the only people who called my landline are my parents, my wife's parents,
and Ted Lindsey. So anytime the phone rang, it was probably Ted calling. And it was pretty funny.
If you got a clip, check it out to look at it. It was a nice little story he told.
I saw Ted Seven and I like quickly, I was like, I thought there's only been two of them, like
the movies. I thought there was going to be a Ted seven when I saw that. And then I was like,
Jesus,
what happened to three,
four,
five.
I was like,
Oh my God,
what's wrong with you,
dude?
Wow.
That's someone Nyko with Doug.
I know.
We were just talking about bubble teams,
losing key players in Colorado finds themselves in the same situation.
Gabriel Landers,
Scott is out six weeks after a collision with a goalie,
Ben Bishop Thursday night,
because Ben Bishop's probably about 400 pounds with all that equipment on.
Huge loss for the Avalanche, duh.
33 goals, 69 assists in 68 games.
The Avs currently have 72 points, which has them two points back of the final seed.
Losing a guy of his caliber right now.
You've got to think their playoff odds go down.
Biz, what's your take on this one, brother?
Boy, that top line's been massive all year for them.
Nice that they ended up getting, I don't want to say secondary scoring,
but help as far as depth's concerned with Broussard
because he's struggled offensively the last couple years.
But this is devastating for a team who's two points outside
of that last wildcard position in the Western Conference.
Obviously, working with the Coyotes, you never want to see a team,
lap a team just based off the fact that they went down with a major injury.
But this doesn't look good for Colorado.
Helps Arizona big time, especially Arizona has a game in hand.
So not good for their playoff push, boys.
And that's a team that's had a very difficult second half of the season.
And the record without him is just so different.
I mean, he's their heart and soul guy.
So that sucks because maybe they continue to go on a run,
but without him, I just don't see them getting in now.
Oh, and another thing, too, is I think a lot of people forget
there was words a couple years ago that he was potentially going to get traded to the Los Angeles Kings near the deadline,
the year that they were rubbish.
Did you guys remember those rumblings?
Because he had a bit of an off year as well.
And then I think they finally talked themselves off the ledge and didn't hit the panic button.
And good thing that they didn't, man, because this guy, you know, he's another guy.
We talked about Stone.
Lannis Gog brings a complete game.
This guy, you know, he's another guy.
We talked about Stone.
Lannis Gog brings a complete game.
Just, yeah, plays hard, good along the walls, just all the intangibles. So a good move by them to keep him around.
Handsome, too.
Very handsome.
Another handsome Swede.
So, yeah, tough break for the Avs.
There's a lot of chatter lately about two different things,
overtime rules and playoff changes.
Now, overtime rules, I think that all came from Torts' quote last week
about how three-on-three should be played.
Generally, fire that up for us.
Get rid of the shootout, just play the three-on-three until a team dies.
I think that's the way it should be.
It's exciting.
Yeah.
I mean, fucking play until a team dies.
I mean, obviously he's kidding.
He deadpanned it.
It was hilarious.
But, I mean, I thought everybody liked the three-panned it. It was hilarious. I thought everybody liked
the three-on-three. What's the sudden turn against
it? Why don't people like it anymore?
He's saying as in he doesn't want games
to end in a shootout. He wants games to end
in overtime.
A few things about this.
Player safety. 82
games a season is a grind. Keep in mind
this is coming from a player who used to play half
the amount of games in about four or five minutes in those games the guys on the ice in overtime are
the guys who have already played 20 minutes in a game and or close to it and to to play play it to
a team dies i mean i i agree i'd like to see a game end in overtime rather than in a shootout.
But ultimately, some fans are entertained by the shootout,
and we got to look out for player safety here.
That game has to end at some point.
In the American League a few years ago when they were testing out the three-on-three,
I believe it was a seven-minute overtime,
and for the first four minutes of overtime until there was a whistle,
it would be four-on-four, and then it would drop to three on three so i i obviously the quickest way to get a
goal scored is three on three maybe extended an extra two minutes and and see what percentages
of games are actually ending in overtime but once again this is strictly based off player safety
and yes keep the three on three-three. It's extremely entertaining.
One of the best rule changes they've made in a long time.
I love three-on-three.
Yeah, and the idea of going back to ties,
I don't think anybody wants to do that.
Oh, you know what I think should happen though in overtime?
Sorry, R.A.
You should be able to, if you get a penalty with like 40 seconds left,
so it doesn't really matter,
you should get the whole two minutes before the shootout.
Also, I think there's a penalty.
Go to three on two instead of making it four on three.
Make it three on two.
That would be hilarious.
I don't know.
Three on two, yeah.
Too much ice?
No, I mean, yeah, there's so much ice.
But you could definitely have entertainment there.
Either way, I love what they're doing right now.
I mean, shootout is what it is.
I'm never going to really complain about that.
I mean, the playoff format's a different animal.
Yeah, we're starting to hear a lot of chatter about that.
I think it started last year when we had Winnipeg, Nashville in the same division.
They were 1-2 all year, and everyone's like,
oh, they're not even going to get to the conference finals together.
And now people are saying it because Boston and Tampa Bay,
they're 1-2 in the league right now,
and one of them's not going to make the conference finals.
I think it's an anomaly that the last two years that, you know,
the top two teams are in the same division.
Of course, the season's still got a ways to go.
Boston might not finish there.
I think this is just someone,
people finding something to complain about with this new system.
I think the idea of it was to build rivalries,
and it's going to take a few years for teams to play each other,
teams to get these rivalries going.
Again, I'm old school.
I grew up with this style back when the Bruins had to fight their way out of
the Adams division every year.
They'd have to play the hard for Quebec and then Montreal at some point.
It was just these annual rumbles and battles every year.
That's when the hate starts to come and that's when the games are good.
So I'm a fan of it.
What do you think?
Should they do something different?
Are we eliminating too good of teams too early with this system?
So my thing is this, the way they do it now and then what they did before,
one through eight, there's positives and negatives to both sides.
I mean, you can make complaints and arguments both ways.
I don't really remember the main issues when people just kind of didn't like
one through eight in the east and west.
But now, you know, you talk about the Boston-Tampa-Toronto thing this year.
I mean, sometimes there's certain divisions that are the best divisions
in the league, and the Atlantic is this year, so it's going to happen.
I mean, my whole thing is the reason I said that there's pluses and negatives
to both the old way and the new way, I won't say a word until I just want it
to be one versus 16.
It'll probably never happen.
Maybe definitely never happen because of the travel, but if you had
one verse 16,
and I don't know what the tiebreaker should be for the team's
time, but God, that would be
unreal. I've said it before.
I'm going to just not complain about what
they do until they do that.
It doesn't matter to me.
I think they might have actually done it before, way
back in the 70s and the 80s.
Apparently, it did happen before, but it wasn't for long. Now they say, actually done it before uh way back in the 70s 80s yeah apparently it did
happen before but like it wasn't for long and then you know now they say well it just it'll never
happen again okay so let me hop in here so the first year that they changed the system was the
season uh uh 2013 2014 season um since the change the only time a division winner has made the cup final
was last season when the two top seeds from each conference made it.
So there's a little fun fact for you guys.
I'm okay with the fact that they did it to beef up the rivalry
so that it's guaranteed that the teams meet in each division.
For instance, Winnipeg and Nashville last year.
That series was fucking incredible.
Now, on the flip side of it,
those two teams had an unbelievable year last year.
They finished one and two overall in the season.
I feel like it's unfair to franchises
that the fact that they worked hard all season long
to accomplish getting, let's say, a second overall seed,
that's how good they were based on point structure,
and all of a sudden now they're out in the second round because they had to go up against the top seed and now they're not
making money off playoff revenue which let's be honest here like you look at nashville who uh
who got beat like that's not a team who's like a like a toronto and not getting all those crazy
marketing dollars right so this is a team who should be rewarded based on how high they were in the standings
by getting an easier opponent
because of how well they finished
and at the fact that it gives them a greater chance
to move on to the conference final
where they get another round of revenue
so they can keep maybe signing better free agents
because they should be rewarded as an organization
for accomplishing such a,
and having such a good season.
Am I wrong here?
No,
you're making very valid points.
No,
I just think you have to beat him at some point.
I know what you're saying.
I know what you're saying.
Right.
But,
but like people are saying,
well,
they would have met him at some point.
And I completely agree.
And that probably would have happened in the conference finals.
If it would have been the,
the one through eight in the conferences.
But I mean,
another round of playoff, as far as revenue is concerned
for a Nashville organization, that's a lot of money to them.
Like Toronto, they're like, oh, whatever, we're fucking worth a billion.
We're billy goats.
We'll give guys signing bonuses, you know, 95 of their contract,
and we'll pay them, you know, 750K a year as far as their salary is concerned.
Well, yeah, they have that luxury.
So, to me, they should be rewarded on how the work and and the work they've done to create that franchise and
put it to where it is with not being a very lucrative team like they they've done that on
on pure great moves and drafting and developing so that's where i'm on that on that i love their
rivalry aspect and i'm okay if they keep it the same, but I feel like too many good hockey
minds are saying, this is ridiculous. Make it
1-8 again for them to be able to argue
it. There's way more pros
to going it back to 1-8 as
opposed to negatives. There was also
talk, too, about having a playing round
like they do with the NCAA where you have
a couple teams play a one-off to get into the playoffs.
I don't like that. Fuck that. This is
hockey. Let's keep some tradition.
Hockey hard-o.
I know.
I know.
That's a hockey hard-o level of 12.
A hockey hard-o level of 12.
I just  like, people  oh, let's make the Nets bigger.
It's like, fuck you.
Like, let's keep some stuff.
Like, let's change  like, the three-on-three overtime, yes,
makes the game more entertaining.
And if anything, they're ending games when it's, you know,
players against players, not in the shoot ending games when it's, you know,
players against players, not in the shootout.
But fuck this, you know, one through eight I'm okay with and all the other shit.
Simmer down.
And the parity is a good thing right now because there's not really
a huge difference between most of the playoff teams.
I think on any given night, a lot of these teams could beat, you know,
another team regardless of where they play.
And the playoff system has been changed so many goddamn times
in the last 50 years.
I think there's always going to be some team that gets squeezed either on a financial level
or maybe a home ice level.
But I like it right now.
I hope they keep it for a while.
Speaking of rules, these next guys we got coming up,
they broke a lot of rules growing up when they were kids.
I think Whitney could attest to.
We're going to send them on now.
Brian and Keith Yandel, the Milton Mayhem brothers.
Without further ado, let's bring them on.
Milton Mayhem.
And before we send it off, R.A. to those two beauties,
a huge thank you to Budweiser for sending us on the West Coast Wagon Tour in order to bank all those interviews.
As you guys know, on Tuesday, we will be dropping the video to this interview.
Those have been going great.
We've gotten very positive feedback because you guys want to see these guys doing the interview. So jam-packed week full of content
coming out and hopefully you guys enjoy this interview. This interview is brought to you by
Herbal Active, the 100 hemp-based CBD product. They have balms, they have drops, they have dog
treats, mints, tons of products to help you with whatever issues you guys are dealing with. I use
the drops for anxiety, anxiousness, helps me sleep, helps me when I'm feeling not so great
mentally some days, internal inflammation. We mentioned that they have the mints. Those are
great for situational issues. The balm is great for muscle
and joint pain. Just put that on, rub it on. I rub it all over my legs before bed. It helps me,
especially with my horrible knees. Good news, they are close to resolving their border issues. So
shipping to Canada will be coming soon again. More good news, we're going to be offering everyone a Biz30 promo code for right
now domestic customers. That's for 30 off. So all domestic customers, Biz30 promo code for 30
off. That is Herbal Active, the 100 hemp-based CBD product. That is U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V. We'll
be giving you guys a swipe up on the spit and chiclets Instagram later
this week.
For some of you who don't know how to figure out this ad read,
but check it out.
It's awesome product.
They have dog treats,
mints,
all types of products,
a hundred percent hemp based CBD herbal active message them for any issues
that you guys have or questions on social media,
Instagram, and Twitter.
Biz30 promo code, 30 off.
Herbal Active. There you go.
We are now
pleased to be here by two close
friends of mine and also Keith
Yandel being one of the closest members of the
playing community on Chicklets all the time.
Brian Yandel, Keith Yandel, thanks for
coming on All-Star Weekend. What's going on?
Nothing much. Glad to be here.
You guys got some nice digs here.
We heard you took a Southwest
two-stop flight to get out here.
Yeah, well, you know, I'm just gonna
save when you can, you know.
The kids like
doing stops.
It's only under two hours.
Yeah.
We got a nice little bird out here.
I don't know.
It's good.
Nice facial hair.
Got the one-bick razor putting it to work.
Yeah.
I know.
Just, you know, you got to do what you got to do.
And, you know, when they give you one-bicks in prison, that's what you do.
You brought the more talented Yandel as far as hockey skills are concerned.
Brian, I actually had the pleasure of playing with him.
He was a black ace in Wilkes-Barre Scranton.
Blacked out ace.
Yeah, I'm sure he was real sober in that game.
Yeah, that was a hell of an experience with that crew down in Wilkes-Barre.
Penguins.
That's the rap song he's referring to.
Maybe we get the mixtape back from that locker room.
Wasn't it like a cook from the
All I remember is Marley just got an assist
From Chris Beach
That guy, I don't think he ever made it
But that was a banger
Who, Chris Beach?
No, the rapper named, I think he was Wilkes-Barre Crew
The Wilkes-Barre Crew
So we played him in a rear end bar and grill
But that was it
That locker room was legitimate hell
You had a Boston crew of Witt, Kells, Welchie, Lano.
You added me to the mix somehow.
Biz is basically from Boston now.
And then you had Biz, Casillo, Bonvey.
It was insane.
It was ridiculous.
I was like, this is pro hockey?
This is nuts.
I got to stay here.
Didn't work out, though.
You were dominating in practice, though.
I remember that.
I was like, dude, you were snapping around.
I don't know how I was skating out there.
How do we keep doing this every night?
Well, he was commuting from Boston because he just had a kid.
And I was like, holy shit, dude.
There's a guy in the planet with a worse nose than me?
Fuck it, right?
Welcome aboard, man.
I'll give you half my signing more if you stick here.
I definitely felt that was better than you did,
and I should have been playing in those playoffs, though.
Oh!
I agree with that.
I think we would have played a bit forward.
True story.
We slept in for a game in Bridgeport.
You remember that?
Me and Carcillo were roommates, and we slept in for the game.
But you weren't playing.
Yeah, I was playing in that game.
I was a defenseman, and I ended up playing in the actual game.
And I remember Jeff Barrett, who I think he's still in Wilkes-Barre.
Awesome guy.
I was a piece of shit.
I was in a very unprofessional room.
You were a nightmare at that point.
Yeah, and I'll admit it. I was a nightmare. And. I was in a very unprofessional room. You were a nightmare at that point. Yeah, and I'll admit it.
I was a nightmare.
And Carsey was even worse.
Carsey was, I mean, we don't need to go there because he's turned over a new leaf, obviously,
if you fucking turn on the internet.
So haven't you.
I kind of kept on this path, you know.
It was like more of a map quest kind of path.
Yeah, it's the RV path.
It was like new roads and shit.
The R-A-V path. Yeah, it's the RV path. It was like new roads and shit. The R-A-V path.
Yeah, the R-A-V.
We slept in for a playoff game, and we got there, and Jeff Barrett was like,
you better fucking pray this team wins.
And I think Ryan Stone, who we're going to maybe interview on this trip.
Oh, Stoney?
Yeah, he was on the team, too.
Yeah, I think he ended up scoring the game, one of that game,
and I went up to him after.
I'm like thank god
Because we were in a first round series
And we had a stacked squad
I mean you just
Name dropped all of them
Half of them ended up being NHLers
Ross
And the other half in rehab
And
The other
The other half
You know
Had a good time
And you know
But yeah
We ended up winning that game
Winning that series
I think we lost the next round
Against Hershey
Like four straight.
And you were on the team.
Yeah, I was.
I was lighting it up, though.
Isn't the NHL playoffs like five games, the first series, too, which is crazy.
No, I think they changed it that year.
To three.
No, it's like you play flip cup the first game.
The first series is flip cup.
And then it goes into.
Hey, so we have Teddy Purcell on this with us because he goes way back with Keith, and that's the main days.
Oh, shit.
We went back to the main days, yeah.
I haven't talked in a little bit, but I think I won a competition.
I was like the 100th person to like Biz's picture, so you guys invited me back on.
So I feel good.
Yeah, you look good.
Use the Biz20 promo code.
Of course, there's an Ego Energy promo code.
Welcome back, Teddy.
Thank you.
Yeah, but I think Keith, I went to school with this guy, Billy Ryan.
We call him the String Bean.
Good Boston boy.
50 sheet.
50 sheet.
String Strony.
String Strony.
We were going to New York for a weekend, and he told me to swing by his mom's house to pick up a 50 bill for the weekend. He goes, pick up a 50 sheet. He thought that was going to be good for the weekend and he told me to swing by his mom's house to pick up a 50 bill for the weekend.
He goes, pick up a 50 sheet.
He thought that was going to be good for the weekend.
What about when we went to Moncton?
When he went to Moncton for the Memorial Cup
me and String. You pull up to your hotel, they're like
it's a 55 charge
for overnight parking. You're like, alright, there goes
the 50. No, New York trip. Can I get five?
The New York trip ended 10 days later and as you
pull back into Milton, he's like, I got that 50 sheet.
You want to get coffee?
We stayed for like a week.
Hey, we went to Moncton for the Memorial Cup when Keith was there, and String's like, be wise.
He's like, I'll drive.
I'm like, all right.
Dude, he pulls up like 6 a.m.
Keith's got a game, right?
I swear to God, a family of squirrels Came out of the trunk of his car
The Kosovo Mobile
We called it
It was nuts
It was a green Toyota 4Runner
There was
Yeah
Like
There was a squirrel
Sucking on a Jolly Rancher
A fucking bag of Doritos
It was nuts
I'm like
String
I go
String
We can't take this car dude
No fucking way
And he's like
This is before you left Boston?
He goes, B-Y, we'll be all right, dude.
We'll get there.
I'm like, no.
I had to call one of my uncles, borrow his car.
We went to Plan B.
I've been there a few times, too.
The String Bean, that Toyota, whatever it was, 4Runner, had 600,000 kilometers on it.
He's like, yeah, this thing's brand new, dude.
We got it.
It seems like a lot of miles. Was that the car
when you were going back New Year's Day when you were
at Cushing? Yeah. Dude, you gotta
tell this story.
So it was
New Year's Day.
You guys were 14 and 13?
No, I was probably 16 or 17.
He was 18. We went home
for New Year. We drove back to party with our friends back home.
Went out New Year's Eve night.
Got smashed.
Had hockey practice at Cushing.
The high school that we went to was like an hour away from Boston.
We're driving back.
I fall asleep.
I fall asleep.
There's a back road to Cushing.
Like back road.
I'm sleeping.
I wake up. I look at
the speedometer. It says 64.
I'm like, whoa, we're
buzzing right now for this back road.
I look at him. He's like this.
Dead
asleep. Like dead asleep.
I'm like, oh shit.
I'm like, what do I do? I can't
wake him up. So I just
turn the volume up a little. Dude, he's cruising up. So I just turn the volume up a little.
Dude, he's cruising this road.
I start turning the volume up a little bit.
I look over.
He goes, we're almost there.
Without batting an eye, he goes, we're almost there.
I'm like, oh.
What a genius way to wake him up, though.
You can't scream at him.
You're going to the tree.
Oh, we would have been dead.
Just a little increase in the volume.
Oh, my God.
We wouldn't be here today if it wasn't for that.
Yeah.
Okay, I think we need a break after that one.
No, no, no.
I think that we should get into...
So, Brian and I grew up together.
We played hockey together since we were about 10 years old.
D-Partners forever.
Incredible player.
D-Partners when we won the Quebec tournament.
You guys ever heard of that?
Yeah.
Peewee World Championship.
That was a decent run.
So, now, you know, we had a decent roster.
I think we had, like, close to three first-round picks,
10 to 12 full scholarships in college.
So we lit it up.
L.T. Scratch in the American League.
Exactly.
And then a black ace in Wilkes-Barre when he was hanging out with Biz.
Good luck.
Two-time All-American, though.
But so now in our group chat with everyone involved back home,
you know, Brian handles Ross to us.
And I just love maybe Keith to give that story or Bri.
How you love when like when when someone says a name and you're like, oh, you mean like I said, I know it's like Keith.
I go, Keith and Ross are companies like who the fuck's Ross?
I was like his brother.
He's like, oh, my God.
We got to wait for the I told him.
You haven't heard this.
I haven't heard the story.
So your boy, Jack Edwards.
Oh, I love Jack Edwards, my boy.
So we were playing the Bruins.
It was like one of my first games playing the Bruins.
And obviously he was at the game watching stuff,
but everybody who wasn't was at home watching on the Nessun or whatever Jack Edwards does.
And apparently during the game he goes,
that's Keith D'Ando's brother, a two-time All-American at UNH,
his brother Ross.
We were like, what?
Not even close to Brian.
Literally, I had probably, how many texts?
Like 400 texts after the game.
Everybody.
So now just everybody calls him Officer Roscoe.
It was even better.
And you're lugging the puck up ice and he's like,
Keith Yandel pushing it up ice with pace.
Whose brother Ross starred at UNH
for four years. We were just like,
oh my god, Jack Edwards.
My phone, I must have had...
I had like a Nextel
at the time. I couldn't even get text.
It was still blowing up.
The carrier pigeon?
Insane.
It was awesome.
It was absolutely ridiculous.
So that's a good nickname. And Edwards is probably hitting the pipe up in the booth
Because apparently he likes to fucking smoke weed
Does he?
So we might as well get into it
I've heard that Jack Edwards gets put on the other side of the hotel
From the players
Because he likes to get after it
He likes to smoke the dope
I know he makes references all the time Well RA's here We gotta remind everyone listening players because he likes to get after it. He likes to smoke the dope.
I know he makes references all the time. Well, R.A.'s here.
We got to remind everyone listening that the Yandles and R.A. go way back in time.
Way back.
Yeah, the Yandle and McGonagall families do go way back there.
Dad and my dad know each other going back 60, 70 years.
Uncle Paul and my dad are best friends going back a long time.
And Uncle Paul and my mom graduated high school together.
You guys got a family?
Do you have an Uncle Paul?
Watch your feet for all those name drops.
A lot of connections, man.
Yeah, the Yandel McGonigal clans go way back in Charleston.
I know that's where their ancestry is.
Whose families rob more banks?
Definitely Keats.
Oh, shots fired.
Actually, I get a few, too.
I mean, that's just part of growing up in Charleston.
Hey, I love how you had to throw in the, oh, my family had a few, too.
Like, he's bragging about it.
No, it's just, you know, like, I mean, everybody, if your cousin didn't, your cousin's cousin robbed a bank.
I mean, it's just part of growing up there.
It was just a generational thing, you know?
Yeah, everybody's friends.
We grew up in Milton, though.
Everybody's friends.
Yeah, I know.
You did.
Hey, all right, stop it.
Our ears are bleeding.
But, hey, we're talking about, like, robin banks and stuff and uh so we were all in maine we thought we were cool the string bean
was like a third rounder we had rob bell me too he's like felony he yeah felony was like beating
his head off the wall he's like squatting the whole gym i'm like now he's singing his dick
he's so handsome his tunes are good his tunes are good. He's small. His tunes are good.
But I was like, man, why are these savages, like,
how are they lifting so much?
I was like this skinny little loser in Maine.
Oh, I know.
Thanks, Paul.
And you were 26.
I know.
I was 100.
Yeah, I was like.
Benjamin Button.
Yeah, I was a babysitter.
But all these guys were like, yeah, come out.
And at the end of the year, String Bean was like, hey, my buddy Keith's coming.
I'm like, you know who he is?
I'm like, no, Keith Yandel, left shot, like drafted at Cody's Place.
No, I don't know who it is.
So he comes up to Maine.
He doesn't have his license.
He's like, I don't know how old you are, 18.
He still doesn't have his license.
Bought a new Tahoe.
Comes in.
We're at the party.
It was like, I don't even know what it was.
Like a romp room or prison where everyone lived.
Oh, yeah.
And all of us lived there.
And Keith comes in, buys a keg.
We're like, this guy's the man.
You know what a keg can get you in college.
I know.
It was 50 bucks.
Especially in Maine.
Natty Light.
He just signed for one to hook.
But we're like, oh, this guy's awesome.
I'd be like, hey, five bucks.
Oh, I didn't have any new Amsterdam.
You got to buy a solo quarter to pay for the cake.
No, business selling like the red solo cups are 5.25 each.
Everyone has six bucks.
I'm a businessman.
He's like, I'll tweet a picture of you and I together.
Just give me 10 bucks.
All of a sudden, this cake just gets crushed.
And we're like, oh, man, the party's over.
Sock. All of a sudden, this keg just gets crushed, and we're like, oh, man, the party's over. Sonk.
Sonk.
He finds a nerd sober person, goes back to the brewery, buys three more kegs for like
50 bucks.
We thought he was a man.
Oh, yeah.
And ever since then, he's been my favorite player.
I'll take that.
Doesn't know what color the puck is, Teddy.
Hates looking down at the puck. I don't think he even knows what color the puck is, Teddy. Hates looking down at the puck.
Do you even know what color the puck is?
Oh, he's speaking a song.
Yeah, this is behind the net play.
So he's behind the net.
I don't play many games for the Phoenix Coyotes, so I'm in the...
Press box.
No, no, I was actually in Petey's room where he's doing video.
So I have the audio as well.
And he's behind the net in colorado
and cody mcleod is it cody mcleod in front of the net i don't know you don't yeah you don't
remember you're too busy fucking staring at the camera because he's sunken people
he kind of comes out and like fake passes it and cody mcleod like hook line and sinker just bites
and basically sprints to the wall like as if the puck Was passed there And he's like Yep Sound And you can hear it
On the audio
Of the television
And I'm erupting
In fucking laughter
No he didn't step
Outside the net
It's his favorite move
He still do it
I don't know how guys
Fall for it
People still fall for it
In the NHL
They have him
Watching play
All the time
And you hear him too
He goes
He he he he
He fake winds up
You can hear him on TV
He goes
He he he he
That's when we heard Song you I was like This kid has lost his mind He fakes one. He fake winds up. You can hear him on TV. He goes, hee hee hee hee.
That's when we heard, song you.
I was like, this kid has lost his mind. He's lost his mind.
Then he just starts busting up ice.
Another good story about Keith.
People wonder, what was this kid like growing up?
Bri, you'll say, just a complete menace to society when he's younger.
Jesus, I'm here.
Snap your head.
Snap your head.
You know it's true.
I'm right here.
So one of our best buddies, Bunzo Byrne, Brendan Byrne.
He's a judge now.
They're all playing street hockey outside, and Brendan's father, who is a judge, he's
driving by.
He's like, hey, Keith.
You know, they move the nets.
They stop the game and move the nets, kind of like Wayne's World.
Game off.
They move the nets, and he drives.
Just to let the car by, it's Mr. Byrne.
Hey, Keith.
See you later, bud.
You know what Keith does?
Turns around, moons him, and just goes, see you later, bonzo.
He's 10 years old, mooning one of our buddies' dad.
I was like, that's when you know you have someone on your hands who's just a little crazier than everyone else.
What do you think about that?
I grew out of it.
Yeah, no.
He was a wild card.
Wild card.
As a kid.
Like, third kid in our family.
So we have a sister in between us, Kevin, as we called her.
Real name Warren.
She's the best.
She's by far number one in the family.
But she basically raised Keith.
Kev raised Keith.
But he was a wild card as a kid.
He just didn't know what he was going to get.
One day he was a skateboarder mooning people.
He had just...
Rapper.
Rapper.
He had everything going on.
I remember being like 16 years old and listening to rap music or whatever.
Not even.
And all of a sudden he comes up with...
He's got Napster going with Slob on my knob.
That's a good song.
What the fuck is going on here?
He's 11.
Where did you hear this song?
He's like,
Slob on my knob,
not cone on the cup.
Three sick mafia.
You're like 12 years old.
What the fuck is going on here?
But, I mean, it all worked out.
It's amazing.
You're so clean cut now.
Remember when he wouldn't leave New York?
This came up earlier.
Brian, Keith had just turned pro, and Brian was still playing at the time, and he's training his dick off.
We're going every day to BU training, and we're like, Keith, you coming?
He's like, no, I'm all set, Brian.
You were like, what is wrong with you?
You got to play in the NHL.
Like, Brian, I'll see you in a couple days.
Calm down right now.
I'll be home.
Don't you worry.
Sure enough, we left the whole time.
Bri's like, this kid is fucking complete idiot.
And now he's just an NHL all-star.
No, because then he'd come in to work out.
Like, me, you would be working out.
One a summer.
And he'd come in and be like, Mike Boyle would be like, oh, I'm going to fucking, I'm going to make him do, like, you know, whatever the hottest work.
I'm going to bury him.
I'm going to bury him.
And the next day, like, he'd go, like,ay so we'd get keith in for that one day and then he'd come back tuesday and he's like oh
there's no way he's even gonna be walking keith would be like hey what's up like dude you're not
sore he's like no he's like no why why would i be sore like fucking mother with meanwhile we can
barely walk and yeah i'm doing it i had a headache I had a couple glasses of wine, but no, my body's fine.
No, at that point, he was drinking like Natty Ices at that point.
He's like, I actually recorded a mixtape.
Yeah, my voice hurts.
I've been singing all night.
I got these bars.
Slop on my knob.
And I don't know if you want to tell a story, but that went all the way up into your close to the draft,
where why you dropped in the draft.
It's a bit of an intense story.
I don't know if you want to a bit of an intense story i don't
know if you want to tell on the pod i don't know yeah i mean it's just gotten a big fight before
the draft and it got back to some teams i guess and which i think i might have beat like fought
somebody's scouts a scouts kid yeah scouts son or something like that i don't know i thought
if we're back then i thought maybe the toughest would have bumped you up in the stock.
That's right.
And then I think Keith Gretzky, who was the scout of  he was Phoenix.
Boiler GM right now.
Is he?
Come on in, man.
Keith, was this on ice or off ice?
Off ice.
It was off ice.
You've got 100 people fired from that draft before they did, though.
Yeah.
He doesn't give a shit.
It was at Who's on...
No, no, no.
What's that place across from Fenway?
Who's on Ferris?
Yeah, I think it was.
It might have been after.
When Mike was going bananas?
That might have been another night.
I'll change it from the off-ice fight to one of the on-ice fights involving the Yandels.
There's a hockey league.
I don't know if it's still going on
at Bridgewater in the summer.
Local Boston guys, all college
players, bunch of pros are playing. I was on the
most stacked team of all time.
Our defense, Orpik, myself,
Chilson, Billy, Tibbets,
Brendan Rush. We would fight anyone.
We'd win. Either way,
the Yandle brothers...
Yeah, I wouldn't fight anyone. They would fight everyone. So the Yandel
brothers are on a team, and they're playing the 7 o'clock
game. I'm the 9.30 game, so I come in.
I'm watching their third period.
Keith somehow squares off
with some Russian kid who was way...
Keith was young at the time.
He was probably like 16, 17.
Yeah, 16, 17.
Even playing in the leagues big time.
He squares off with this kid, and this Russian just drills him.
One bang.
Absolute one bang, right in the teeth.
And I see Brian Handel, who's going back for a puck and turns and sees the fight.
He's like Shrek, bombing down.
He jumps on this kid's shoulders.
He's wrestling around the Russian as he drags him down.
Keith gets up.
He's trying to fight him.
I'm like, there's the Yandel brothers sticking together.
So it was just always that way.
He looked like Jimmy Superfly Snooker skating
across the ice. It was unbelievable.
Jimmy Snout-a-Fly Snooker.
Yeah. But yeah, he was that
guy. I had to get plastic surgery
on my mouth. That dude hit me with a cannon. Yeah, he lit you up.
My lip was hanging out. Who was that
kid? Dude, I picked that
kid up the other day. He was doing push-ups on his knuckles in his driveway.
In his driveway.
He's like, that kid's a savage.
Thanks for the heads up.
I'm like, yeah, appreciate the scout report.
Check the game notes.
Yeah, check the game notes, buds.
Yeah, no name on the game notes.
Keith, you've been on a like-
Oh, we got an R.A. question.
Let's do it.
Here we go.
All right, Hamilton.
Dude, I mean, you've been on a torrid pace for basically the last five fucking years,
but particularly this year, you've been really lighting it up.
Did you do something in the offseason?
Oh, yeah, you did a lot.
I love the offseason.
Did you change your training regimen?
Did you do something?
Like, why are you so fucking on fire this year?
He changed the strawberry milk instead of chocolate milk in the morning.
He changed the sport court on his fucking teeth in the morning.
He changed the sport court on his tennis... Started brushing his teeth in the morning. He changed the sport court on his tennis court
back at his compound in Boston.
Yeah.
No, nothing...
He used his head and chilled.
Nothing different at all?
No, I haven't really changed anything
in probably the last 10 years.
I haven't really changed much, but...
Except for the one dick razor
he used to shave his nuts with in the shower in Phoenix.
When he used to make me shower in my suit after games that I didn't plan.
He sent us that picture.
It looked like he had the Samoan Brothers in his fucking leg scissors.
It was disgusting.
Yeah.
What's that from?
Thanks.
Pardon me.
I hit him with the weed whacker.
Teddy's taking a time out here.
What else is going on?
So this week, Brian, all your kids are here.
Three sons.
Ryan, Colin, Liam Yandel.
The story I was told was that they were all driving the car.
Keith called them.
You guys want to come to the All-Star game?
How cool is that?
It was awesome.
They're going to be in the room this week?
Oh, yeah.
That's sick.
We get them on checklists.
Yeah.
Dude, they said it to me.
They go, my oldest, Brian.
Oh, they smoke cigarettes.
He's, uh.
Might as well.
Jules.
He goes, we will come back from men's halls. He's like, Dad. He's like, who are you're texting i'm like oh where he goes tell him i want
to be on the podcast you can't even listen to it they say too many swears he's like whatever i can
listen i'm like oh shit but no it was uh the my my my kids and every the entire film is really
excited to be here.
It was awesome.
They loved it.
They literally, like, in the car ride home from hockey practice, Keith called,
and he's like, hey, you guys want to come to the game?
And they went bananas for, like, 15 minutes.
Like, Dad, this is better than Christmas.
Blah, blah, blah.
I mean, it really was.
It was cool. Yeah, they loved it.
My daughter's getting a carrot anyway. Yeah, your daughter it was, I mean, it really was. It was cool. Yeah, they loved it. My daughter's kid in a care anyway.
Yeah, your daughter's like, what?
They have no clue.
They're like, do we get Omegai on the road?
Are other people going to be on the flight with us?
Yeah, they better not be.
Dad, we got to go Southwest again?
Where are my Louis Vuitton diapers?
Yeah.
Hey, so, I mean, I'd like to talk about wit as a kid.
Oh, let's go. Let as a kid Oh Let's go
Let's fucking
Let's do this
Let's dump on Wit
We're gonna have to
End this interview
And then do a two part episode
Now
You know
Hit up for the few more
Promo codes
Remember Mommy Cicada
You were like the
Golden
She loves me
Like we
It was like
All you had was tap water
At our house
And Wit came over
They'd be Gatorade
Like
Be like Oh Brian's coming over.
We've got to have steak tonight.
Like, oh, okay, for this mutant.
No, every time I came over, I was like,
why do you guys get huge boxes of chewy granola bars delivered that day?
You're like, oh, that's every day.
We happen to buy like 25 boxes every week.
I would just go over there and eat chocolate chip chewy bars.
Shout out chewy bars.
I also had a big issue with clogging your toilet.
Clog the toilet. Disgusting.
I think that's why Brian...
What was the original triple threat?
He was an under wiper.
Right? An under wiper
so it reached...
All shit on his balls.
Whenever he saw me
wiping, he's like, what are you doing?
It's such a yandel thing.
A stander-upper and a crandel thing. You're like, oh, no.
A stander-upper and a crumpler.
Crumples it instead of...
Biz crumples, too.
Yeah, of course he does, though.
Biz crumples.
Biz chucks in his mouth.
He's a little wet like a baby wipe.
So he was the original T-threat.
He was a triple threat.
The original T-threat.
So was it the deuces clogging it or was it the toilet paper clogging it?
I think it was just this...
I think it was honest.
I would throw my shoe in there at some point to try to push everything down.
My kids got them back, though.
This was why Bri's kids got me back.
And everyone knows the story of Bri's oldest, little Brian Yandel, Brian Yandel II.
And he's sitting over at my parents' house when they were living next door in Citroen.
And he's like, Sue!
Sue!
My mom's like, what's up, little B?
She's like, I clocked the toilet.
She goes in there.
There's seven rolls of toilet paper, three hand towels, and just his pair of Spider-Man
undies.
It was like how Ben Stiller in Along Came Pauly when the fucking water's going out of
the...
Everything okay in there?
And as she flushes, he's like, okay, I'm going home next door.
I'll see you tomorrow, Sue.
So that's... Yeah, that's, our family goes way back.
But I guess the payback of the clogging of the dumpers is.
Yeah, you were bad.
But the wit dog, my original impression of him, he had the yellow, like,
Koopa bucket.
Remember the old school?
Yes.
Bitch, you're a little younger than us, too.
Do you remember the Koopa helmet?
Yeah, Nike took it over after.
Koopa helmet was unreal. Oh, the Koopa helmet was like. But Koopa went to Bauer the Cooper helmet? Yeah, Nike took it over after. Cooper helmet was unreal.
Oh, the Cooper helmet was like,
yeah, Bauer, Nike.
I had the Messier.
That's what you know it as.
Yeah, the Wynwell.
But he had like the different,
you could screw on the different color side pieces.
Remember?
So Wyn had the-
That's a fucking lie.
No, I had the combo.
I had the-
No, no, no, no, no.
Listen, you had the yellow bucket.
You had the yellow bucket with the blue screw side ends on it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Two-tone, baby.
Then you had the combo platter with the cage.
The number two.
The shield thing and then the cage underneath, which was...
That was...
Unless you were like Julie the Cat Gaffney.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Gunner Stahl.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But when Gunner Stahl had it, I was validated.
It was like, that's why Witt had it
Oh you were
You were ahead of your time
Actually I got a good story
I don't know
He was kind of suspect
At that age
Remember when you
Picked me up
When I was playing
Football at Nobles that year
We were going to like
You know Witt
Throws a baseball lefty
And a football righty
Right
I'm a freak
Athletic
It's unreal
It's not even like
Yeah that's like Shoot left hockey, golf right.
We were going to like a hockey tournament.
He's like, yeah, I got like a middle school football game at Nobles.
We're like, all right.
So we like pick them up and then like.
Defensive end.
Am I parent?
No, like my father.
My big bud and big Dan like dropped me off the game.
Like, yeah, go watch Brian's game.
And of course they go to a bar and like pack a fucking cooler that like would have fit seven bodies in it to drive to like stone experience it's like 12 minutes
a two mile ride they have a cooler we're like but they uh so they go and witt's like you know he's
kind of like showing off in front of me and he runs out on the field and like half of his helmet
like the padding falls off and like where'd like, where'd they go? And he's playing like left tackle or something.
He gets like buried.
His feet are all, his legs are up over his head.
He's like, ah, shit.
I got a good story about Wade.
Remember that BU overnight camp?
Remember you were the counselor?
Yeah, I remember doing those.
I don't remember what you're going to say, though.
Pat Alfiero brought me out in one of those.
Thank you.
It was like an overnight camp at BU.
You stayed there, played hockey.
So they took us to a Red Sox game.
There was this kid there.
He was a few years older than me.
I'll never forget his name.
I don't even know if I should say his name.
But I'll never forget it.
Dan Tavilla.
I'll never forget it.
We're going to bleep it out.
So he was probably like two or three years older than me.
He brings his baseball glove.
I am all over this kid during the game.
I go, you really think you're catching a ball?
Like, what are you going to go play shortstop?
Are you going to go play shortstop instead of Nomar right now?
Like, get in the stands.
I'm all over him the whole game.
He's like, you're going to get it.
You're going to get it.
I'm like, okay, what are you going to beat me up with your glove?
We get back to the dorms.
This kid puts a beating on me like you wouldn't believe i'm like oh fuck so i'm crying
i go find wit what's the council i think you were like a freshman at b i was going into my freshman
yeah so what's that 17 or something yeah i go tell wit he's like what kid he grabs the kid
strings him out hits him with a left i'm like all right that's my boy just putting a beating
on this kid for me. It was awesome.
The only beating I've ever given anyone.
Hey, that camp's fucked.
They're going to open up a lawsuit now.
There's a lot going on in that camp.
Yeah, there's too much.
There's other stuff going on.
My roommate had Tourette's.
No joke.
This kid from New Jersey.
I'd wake up.
It'd be over my bed.
I'm like, oh.
So morning.
Free kill.
Oh, guys, guys, guys, guys.
R.A.'s got a hockey question.
Let's do it.
All right, Hamilton.
Keith, this is your third All-Star game.
You had a couple when you were out in the desert with a biz nasty play.
You're welcome.
What are you looking forward to in particular this weekend?
Anything?
And now that you're over 30, are you one of the gray beards in the locker room
where some of the young guys kind of look up to you on the all-star weekend?
You die.
Good question, R.A.
Probably not.
They probably won't look up to me.
Ha!
R.A.
He liked that one.
R.A. might be getting a suspension again.
This might be word slurring.
Might be seeing the board.
We're going to have to do another contest.
Oh, you fucking snitch over there?
Fucking.
Oh, you're calling you a narc?
Fucking dropping dimes over there, huh?
You have a wire on.
What are you doing in the skills?
I'm high five guy.
Yeah, you're media guy.
You're going to mic you up.
You're going to Tomahawk guys' arms off when they're on breakaways.
I hit a stick.
At what point were you like, oh, I'm not going to hit We were like Oh I'm not gonna hit his wrist
Cause you were going to hit his wrist
Cause that's your brother right there
It was during the wind up
It was a long wind up
I had some time
You're like
Monahan's this handsome guy
Good guy
Hangs out
Johnny ham and cheese
So let's lay off him
Yeah
If that was Lindholm
He was fucking amputation
And raided by the elbow
No I wouldn't have hit anyone
With a slash like that
No you just
You would have my first practice
In Phoenix
Oh my god When you tried to fight me I tried to fight you In your slash like that. No, you just do that. You would have my first practice in Phoenix.
Oh, my God.
You tried to fight me?
I tried to fight you, Anz. That first practice.
First practice.
Why are you, like, that's not the guy you try to go after.
I don't check the game notes, buds.
I was just battling.
I was like, do you like it here?
Yeah, and him and Fids try to end my career, and they're like,
actually, this guy's a good fall guy.
We'll keep him around.
Yeah.
Keith didn't even know the game log anyways, so I'm playing in L.A. I just got called up, like, this guy's a good fall guy. We'll keep him around. Keith didn't even know the game log anyways.
So I'm playing in L.A.
I just got called up, like, by accident.
I think, like, four guys forgot their passports.
We're, like, on a trip.
To Phoenix.
Yeah, we're in Canada.
We're playing the, I don't know, Toronto Marlies.
But, like, four guys were, like, we're going for a day and a game back.
I brought my passport because I was, like, I'm always ready to get called up.
What a pro.
Always ready guy.
Guys guy. And so then, like, I'm always ready to get called up. What a pro. Always ready guy.
Guys guy.
And so then like Molson forgot his passport.
I think, boy, they're dead.
Boy, I'm too strong.
I don't need my passport.
He is too strong. So then everyone, they're like, all right, Teddy, you're like the third guy.
You got to get called up.
The Kings need you.
I'm like, all right.
So I was like, I go there.
I play, I think it's my second
or third game like so i'm in the i knew keith from like main days and like through mutual friends
yeah he bought us a bunch of kegs guy bought a taco didn't have a license um so i go i see him
at the red line he's doing all this weird stuff he's like it looks good he's like stretching i'm
like i'm gonna go say hi to my buddy i don don't know if I have anyone in the NHL.
I was like a fan.
I was a loser.
So I went up to Keith.
He goes, I thought, I was like, hey, man, what's up?
He goes, what the fuck are you doing here?
And I was like, oh, shit.
Like, am I in the wrong spot?
Gretzky was the coach.
He's like, your name wasn't even on the lineup.
I didn't know you were up here.
Like, my confidence, I was like feeling pretty good.
I already had my first point.
And I was like Oh god
At one point he was
Buying me beers
And now he's just
Ruining my confidence
No one knew I was up
I was like get me out of here
I told this one before
About Keith
But now that I
Did alright
Turned into a decent kid
So
You know everyone knows
Occasionally guys
Will sit like this
You know you try to be
Really mature
And Keith used to say
That's how you sit
When you're in the
National league
So we're always Sitting like this, having lunch, messing around.
I sit like that all the time.
Shooting the shit just like, oh, yeah, did you call your money guy?
Did you move some money over?
Yeah, did you get in that stock?
Yeah, that hammered it.
Another couple million.
Thanks a lot.
We're just going like this, having a coffee.
So I end up getting out of the NHL.
Things ended poorly.
I'm in San Antonio.
Summer ends.
Where am I going to go?
Russia.
Where am I going?
I don't know.
I just want to make some money playing.
So I'm sitting with Keith, shooting the shit
in the middle of the summer, and I cross my legs like this.
And all of a sudden, I look at him, he's like,
I'm like, what do you mean? He's like,
you're not in the NHL anymore.
Uncross those legs.
And I was like,
foul point.
You son of a bitch.
Tim, he always respects the's him He always respects the league
He always respects the league
Respects you if you respect it
Exactly
Fuck, what's it like playing now?
All the guys are so young
They're not like us anymore
I know, it's crazy
No, I mean, it's still awesome
I have the best time every day
Dude, that's what all our friends at home say
That every day
I think you pretty much act like the guy Who's like, I'm so appreciative of being in the NHL Every single day That's what all our friends at home say, that every day, I think you pretty much act like the guy who's like,
I'm so appreciative of being in the NHL.
Oh, every single day.
That's what's so great.
If I could do anything, it would be go back in time and act like that, that every day you're like,
I'm making millions playing hockey, but you've always been like that.
Yeah, I mean, I love it.
You love the boys.
You love the room.
I love the boys.
I love everything about the National Hockey League.
I absolutely love it.
Private flights. Oh, hey, so even before League. I absolutely love it. Private flights.
No, hey, so even before private flights,
Keith signed a bunch of money.
So he used to fly first class.
So him and Whit came during the NHL lockout.
This is a really funny story.
Now Keith has upgraded to private planes.
So before he used to fly first class.
Whit's got RVs.
Yeah.
It's our AVs.
Me, Biz, and Witt
are taking, like,
a six-hour trip.
We'll take it 12 hours,
like, up the coast
and, like,
through the dark
and see the nice sunsets
in the dark.
It's really nice.
But before that,
Witt and Jans
were coming in
to train during the lockout.
I think we were in,
like, Phoenix or...
That was the Scottsdale one.
Yeah, Scottsdale one.
And, like,
Witt and Jans
were sitting, like,
in the last row
of first class, like, on the plane. So, like, Jans were sitting like in the last row of first class like on the plane so like
yans like hits the button and then the flight attendant comes back and she's like yeah you
need anything they're on a plane two seconds he's like can you close the curtain behind her so
everyone can't see us this is the same trip that i got on earlier i'm like where's keith he busts
in late comes bombing in six hours he takes his winter hat off because it's freezing in boston time his hair's everywhere i think i have a picture of twitter on it and he goes into his bag i'm like, where's Keith? He busts in late. Comes bombing in six. He takes his winter hat off because it's freezing in Boston.
His hair's everywhere.
I think I have a picture of Twitter on it.
And he goes into his bag.
I'm like, what are you getting?
He just whips out like a seven pound bag of Teddy Grahams.
Like the chocolate caramel flavor.
He's just like.
What do you think this trip will be like?
Oh, it's God.
Do we get to play golf?
This hair over here.
I'm like, this is the NHL lockout.
Holy shit. Hey, man. used to just call him fart smell
oh god
so Yanz is funny for his like
random comments and
I mean it's kind of rude
I don't know if we even bring it up but we used to call our
Stewies fart sniffers cause like you know
after games we like crush steak
we eat all this food and we're like farting
cause we change into our jogging suits
You're waiting to get the fire. You're waiting to like the call of poker call. Just like
Can I get another course like
They always like get down a squat position like literally they're sniffing your taint, and you're just like, oh.
So we used to wave.
And you're like waving in their face.
You're like waiting for their reaction.
They're just like so immune to it. They're like, I'm a professional fart sniffer.
I don't even smell that now.
Cardboard nose.
I've literally taken out my nose, nostril things that make me smell shit.
Bunk me a mouth.
Yeah.
That went off the rails quick there.
Yeah, where did that even start with?
What other stories are involved?
With the Teddy Grahams.
Oh, yeah.
That was the end of that.
We had a fun trip, though.
That was a good time.
That was when Teddy and Bugsy and I were driving to skate in the morning,
and we're getting ready for the NHL season,
thinking it's going to start soon,
and Bugsy cracked open a beer,
and we all had to chuck a beer on the way to practice. That was in to practice i was in dallas that was another trip remember that trip that was that was
at one point that was bear i know we already told the story but how bad was he oh bear couldn't skate
this is danny clear we're talking about i mean this is the guy who says i'll come on during the
cup finals only because i'm a cup champ so he will but i'll tell you right now during that skate he
looked like a calder cup maybe a Kelly Cup, maybe whatever the fuck.
His middle name is Daniel Steve Eisenman Clary.
So he thinks he can't come on because he's the man.
He couldn't skate.
Remember how bad he was, Keith, while you said, I know we talked about it before.
Oh, wait, time out.
So this is the camp.
I was gone, I believe.
No, you weren't invited.
No, time out.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
No, I was in Cardiff playing in the EIHL.
You were playing in men's league in, like, Saugus, Mass.
Hockey town.
I was playing in the EIHL for the Cardiff Devils.
I was playing in a rink that had a brick wall on the side of the board.
I was playing in a rink that didn't have a locker room bathroom.
I get a text from Keith Yano, and it's a video of Dan Cleary who went and rented skates.
That was one of the funniest things I've ever seen.
So tell the story, Keith.
I think Whit's better at telling the story.
Well, you can hop in, but we went for dinner one night during this camp.
I mean, we were there for an entire week, pretty much.
So one of the nights, dinner, and let's go over to the W Bar, have a couple drinks.
W Scottsdale.
W Scottsdale still nice little setup
So we're sitting around having drinks and all of a sudden like pork's like look look and bear Dan Cleary keep in mind before you
Start going or keep going they had a fake little ice ring because it was like the winter time
Over the pool you can rent some skates you can rent some bender wheels like the skates. I wore my whole clothes
They're like hey, they they're the exact East.
They got them over there next to the hotel.
They have a little like.
Same exact type.
Same type set up.
So Hork goes, oh, my God, look at Bear.
Now, this is Stanley Cup champ.
At 15, 16, he was called like the next Wayne Gretzky, Dan Cleary.
He is out on the ice pretending.
I don't know if he was pretending or at that point that's how he skated.
His ankles were bending in. He was like like that put the bike up to your mouth skating
around like hey guys and i i've never laughed that hard in my life crying we're like give him
a stick give him a stick he's like what kind of stick what our best part was civilians were like
hey someone told him how to skate yeah yeah hey bend your knees he's like thank you yeah
so civilians telling uh what at that that time, two, three?
Two times, right?
Two times telling a cup champion how to skate.
No, one cup.
Trust me, Newfies would know if he got a second one.
I don't think he's on the cup anymore because he was that bad.
Keith told him they're engraving his name off the cup.
Hey, speaking of Newfies, remember Adam Party?
Remember we used to call his uncle during...
Headley.
Oh, remember his uncle's accent?
He would call me.
Oh, R.A.'s uncle?
The water boy guy?
That's what he sounded like.
Honestly, he's not all there, but if he was like...
He's as funny as Larry David without even knowing.
So he had to get up.
He had to go before the judge one day, and they're like,
Hedley, you've got to get up before the judge.
He goes, Lord Jesus, what time in the morning does he wake up?
Because he was like, you've got to get up before the judge.
He's like, Lord Jesus, what time does he wake up?
So they were like, he stood up for trial, and they were like, all right, what's your name?
He's like, Hedley Temple.
They're like, when's your birthday? He's like, May 19th. And they're like, he stood up for trial, and they were like, all right, what's your name? He's like, Hedley Temple. They're like, when's your birthday?
He's like, May 19th.
And they're like, well, what year?
He's like, Lord Jesus, every year.
We used to call him on speaker to start our morning every morning in Dallas because we'd be hung over.
Cup of coffee.
Oh, yeah, Pards, call him.
What a mutant Pards was.
This is kind of random, but we have to talk about the Bugsy story in Long Island because
he probably won't tell it.
No, we got to let him.
I think he will.
I think he will by the end of the weekend.
We're going to open him up.
Where is Sethatone Malone?
Sethatone Malone.
He's the man off.
He's probably the best name ever.
In bed.
Keith, what are you doing?
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. No, no. Let's ask the hockey question. Hurry bed Keith what are you I'm sorry I'm sorry no no
let's ask a hockey question I was gonna ask the big Patriots fan what he's doing for the Super
Bowl we got the Pats looking out for another Super Bowl here you're in Atlanta you never
know I might be there Atlanta oh yeah you you you fired up to a couple of them haven't you
I went to the one fire the bird Houston when they. Fire up South Weezy. When they beat Atlanta, me and Sean Thornton were there.
How good is Thornton doing right now?
You would have thought I was with legitimate Jesus Christ,
the way people in Boston were treating this guy.
I took 6,000 photos of him with other people.
You were the picture taker?
Yeah, I was that guy.
I wasn't even taking pictures.
Yep, that came out good.
You were that guy taking pictures of that guy.
Yeah.
That's a suspension.
Saucy.
Two game.
Fucking rat.
Brian, any funny Keith Yamel stories you can share with us that you had maybe in your mind before you came on?
I don't mean to put you on the spot.
It's tough.
God, if you just keep talking they come up right to put
someone on what do you think about when keith decided keith decided to go major junior instead
of college why did that end up happening well because he couldn't spell same reason he couldn't
spell unh well what was it i remember iH I remember I got a call
This was obviously like
So I was
Maybe at
Keith was probably like
Eighth grade or freshman year
So I was
Maybe at UNH
For like my freshman year
And at that time
I don't even think
I had a cell phone
So I like
My home phone rang
Keith answered the phone
I wasn't home
And
The coach at UNH His name was dick you millie so
richard so keith leaves a note joe keith leaves a note on like the kitchen table he's like old
school he's like bry uh coach you millie called you know call him back at this number. So I read the thing and it's
Y-O-U
M-I-L-E
like you, Millie. He sounded
it out great.
Great job listening.
Yeah, but it's
he obviously hadn't paid attention
to college hockey in the last 25 years
and it's just a straight
U-M-I-L-E.
I do have a good Buddy andal story about when keith
was being recruited and coaches were calling the house to admit what you've heard this one yeah
this is brown yeah yeah so there's a merrimack one too remember the merrimack yeah i don't remember
all i hear him he's on the phone he goes if don't know who he's talking to. He goes, if my son could spell the name of your school,
I'd let him come there and then hung up.
I'm like, who is that, Dad?
He goes, Merrimack coach.
I was like, no, Keith said M-I-R-R-I.
Yeah, you're right.
I couldn't do it.
Mary.
Yeah, the Brown one, though.
The Brown was great.
So he was.
A lot of nights are calling.
They're going to offer you 50K under the table.
It was kind of good.
I mean, Keith was supposed to come play with me at UNH my senior year, So he was  It's like a London Knights are calling. They're going to offer you a 50K under the table. It was kind of good.
I mean, Keith was  he was supposed to come play with me at UNH my senior year,
and we would have played together, which would have been obviously awesome.
But it didn't work out.
So he was getting recruited by different places, and one time  I forget who it was  recruiting for Brown University,
which is obviously an Ivy League school.
recruiting for Brown University, which is obviously an Ivy League school.
And they called the house, and my father answers the phone,
and he's like, yeah, so what school are you at?
Oh, Brown University.
Oh, yeah.
He's like, listen.
He's like, the only brown that kid's going to be seeing is in his underwear.
He goes, it ain't happening.
I appreciate you calling, though.
College coaches.
Like people who dream of having a college coach
call their kid, like, oh my god,
we're getting recruited.
Like, my kid, he's going to have a shit
the color of your school in his underwear.
He ain't coming. No chance.
It's unbelievable. It all worked out i remember i think he got drafted and uh in the queue like he wasn't you weren't drafted by monkton no it's not about chakutomy
yeah like chakutomy or whatever so uh my mother answered the phone it was like gee
cabano or something was the gm my mother obviously had no clue who it was like didn't have anything and she's like uh like I you know Mrs. Yano this is
Guy Cabano and she's like buddy buddy this guy I don't know what he's saying he's like I don't know
my husband handles all the hockey stuff. He's going to college.
No, he isn't.
No, he's not, Patty.
No, let's scratch that.
That was the first ever song.
Sorry, guy couldn't spell you, Millie.
Or UNH.
All right, you got any more hockey questions?
You want to talk about my career?
Wait, wait, wait. Let's do an R. Wright Hamilton.
Yeah, let's do an R. Wright Hamilton.
All right, Hamilton. Is there anybody that you an R.A. Hamilton. R.A.
Hamilton.
Is there anybody
that you haven't
ran into in the
all-star locker room
yet that you're
looking forward to
maybe this weekend?
Somebody you looked
up to or just
appear you haven't
been able to say,
hey man,
I appreciate what
you do.
Well,
I haven't been
in the locker room
yet,
but...
You think I didn't
bring my gear?
The game was
yesterday.
He hasn't been
there.
He hasn't signed
in yet. I haven't seen your wrench from The game was yesterday. He hasn't been there. He hasn't signed in yet.
I haven't seen your wrench from afar for years.
Yeah, looking forward to that.
I saw Shane Doan today, obviously a guy who had a huge impact on my career,
so that was cool to see him.
And an absolute weapon, main artery right in his cock.
Yeah, holy craisler.
Did you ever see that lady on Instagram, Mary Krimos? craisler um you ever see that lady on instagram merry crimson
craisler um yeah no i i think all the young guys too i'm excited i saw austin matthews today um
you know said hi to him can you tell everyone that i'm not that cheap no no that's key i don't
think yeah i mean not not i don't you never paid for a meal once, but I never wanted you to, right?
You did.
But you did.
You always, if we went out, you always paid, but then collected more the next day.
Yeah.
You said, guys, just Venmo me 300 each.
You're like, we were at five, guys.
Yeah, we literally didn't go out.
I thought that was like 75 bucks.
You motherfuckers.
No, no, no, there's crazy tax.
You know, in the note state, taxes were not in one.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
I wouldn't say you would cheat because you would spend them.
We go to the mall and you would just go nuts.
Frugal is the word.
You just don't like to pay for food when there's richer people around, which I get.
Get the fuck out of it.
It makes sense, though.
I don't think it's a bad thing.
Says the guy who got PJ'd with his whole family here because of Keith.
Yeah, exactly.
His time flown by, man.
It seemed like yesterday he just broke into the league.
Now you're like one of the older guys in the all-star game locker room.
Teddy wants to hang himself like the guy on the airplane.
No, I was just saying because you said flown by.
He's breaking in his new tongue.
Yeah, I mean, it has flown by, definitely.
And, I mean, guys always say to enjoy it because you never know.
It ends quick.
And, you know, you see guys retiring, and, you know, it obviously goes quick.
But I think, I mean, I've pretty much enjoyed every minute of it,
and I'm going to enjoy every minute of it.
Yeah, you seem like a guy who's been having some fun with it.
Oh, yeah.
He's going to enjoy every minute of it.
Any more arsenal there, Teddy?
Yeah, Hamilton.
Maybe.
Well, no, we hadn't summoned any.
I mean, I'm sure we can get questions in about five minutes.
You can think of one.
All right, Hamilton.
All right.
Do WWF.
If you bring up The Simpsons or a movie, I'm out of here.
I say that before every episode.
I'm still around.
Have you ever seen The Chef in town?
Hey, you guys know that he says Simpsons quotes every episode,
and you guys just don't react to it.
Well, sometimes I do.
I say, what?
The FISA explained the chef.
I get him.
I get him, yeah.
Oh, every time?
Yeah.
So, I mean, yeah.
See, he gets them. See? Wait, let's talk. I think a lot more I get him. I get him, yeah. Oh, every time? So, I mean, yeah. See, he gets them.
See?
Wait, let's talk.
I think a lot more people get them than I would think.
Let's talk about how Keith is white trash in the sense that he loves MTV television shows.
Teen Mom.
He watched 16 and Pregnant.
Never missed an episode.
Dude, he bought three jet skis and he takes them out and then he goes back and watches Teen Mom.
It's his full day.
He's complete trash.
I have a TV on my jet ski.
Anybody with as much tattoos as Biz can't be calling anybody white trash.
Suck on that one, Biz.
Suck on that.
Scarecrow neck tat.
I have terrible tattoos.
No, they're not bad.
All right, boys.
We can wrap this. Thank you very much for coming on. And, they're not bad. All right, boys.
We can wrap this.
Thank you very much for coming on. A crucifixion.
So thank you very much, Ross, Brian, and Keith Yandel.
Thanks, Yandel.
It's always a pleasure.
And, of course, Teddy Purcell hopping in here.
This is the hottest guy.
Awesome.
Ben Chigut's correspondent.
That interview was also brought to you by Thursday Boots.
Money, power, a great pair of boots.
You can have it all.
Want to know how?
Stop what you're doing because I'm about to ruin. Go to the nearest computer, open your internet
browser, and type in the following. Thursdayboots.com. That's T-H-U-R-S-D-A-Y-B-O-O-T-S.com.
Pick out your favorite pair of beautiful handcrafted boots, add it to your cart,
check, I'm sorry, click checkout, fill out all the personal information, and click purchase. It's that easy. Money, power, and a great pair of boots will
be all yours. While results may vary, particularly regarding the money and power part, you will
definitely have a great pair of boots. I assure you of that. This year, get a great pair of boots
that will last season after season. Get a pair of boots handcrafted with the highest quality
materials and sold at honest prices. Get a pair of Thursday boots.
Head on over to Thursdayboots.com and use the code FREESHIP2DAY.
That is F-R-E-E-S-H-I-P number 2-D-A-Y.
Money, power, and a great pair of boots are now only two days away.
Huge thanks once again to Keith and Brian Yandel for coming on, man.
They are a couple of characters.
I know a bunch of their family members back in my hometown,
and these guys fit right in with the rest of them.
It must have been fun growing up with those kids.
Yeah, the best.
So, you know, we've always tried to keep it light here on Chicklets,
but occasionally things come into the hockey world that aren't so light,
but we do like to show some attention to them.
And if you haven't seen this week's Sports Illustrated,
there's a cover story on Logan Boulay.
He's one of the players from the Humboldt Broncos
who lost his life in that awful crash a couple years ago.
It goes into great detail about his organ donation
and how a mentor from earlier in his life swayed his decision
to become an organ donor.
It was a pretty emotional read for me because we knew he was a big
Chicklets fan.
His cousin had sent pictures of him wearing our jerseys.
And Witt spoke very nicely about it after the accident happened.
And also, I had lost a friend a little before that accident who was an organ donor as well.
So it definitely triggered some emotions in me reading it.
But what these guys did to donate their organs was such a heroic thing to do.
And I hope people can, A, read that story and, B, maybe consider organ donation
because you can literally save five, six, seven lives by doing that. We also have some sad
news from the queue. David Kelly, known as DK to everybody. He was a longtime equipment manager for
the St. John's Sea Dogs. He passed away at just 40 years old after a long boat with cancer.
He was first diagnosed with thyroid cancer back in 2014, but continued to not only work,
but he started a handful of charitable endeavors,
which I think speaks to the man's character.
He was the head equipment manager since the team's inception back in 2005,
eventually joined the front office in 2017,
and he was the senior advisor to Hockey Operations before retiring in 2018
to focus on cancer fundraising.
Former Seed Dogs Thomas Chabot and Jonathan Huberdobe
both shared some nice words about him online,
as did a lot more other people in the hockey community.
But everybody who came out, came into contact with DK really appeared to love him,
said he was just a great guy, did everything for everybody.
So, you know, to the family and friends of DK, from the bottom of our hearts here at Spit and Chick,
let's please accept our deepest condolences with heartbroken tear of your loss,
and we hope you're doing well.
Don't worry, we're going to try to spin it to a little more positive here.
Shane Konica plays for the Adirondack Thunder of the East Coast Hockey League.
He was their leading scorer last year.
A couple months back, he said he was feeling uncomfortable.
He was kind of vague about the details.
He went and got checked out.
A doctor saw something on the skin they didn't like.
They performed surgery to remove it, and it turned out to be a small mass.
That was stage one testicular cancer.
He caught it well in advance.
But what was kind of, for lack of a better word, cool, what went on during this,
the team kept his locker intact for all home games, all road games.
So when they brought new players in, those guys would have to dress in the middle of the room
so they would be on his locker.
He surprised the team during a road trip earlier this year while recuperating,
came in, read the lineup card while they were in Florida. The place went nuts i guess it was a real great moment and he returned
to the lineup friday night in glenn's falls played his first game since his diagnosis on appropriately
enough stick it to cancer weekend at the cool and sharing arena up in glenn's falls and he did just
that he stuck it to cancer scored the tying goal with a minute and 23 left in the game
later added around three around three goal in the shootout before they lost 23 left in the game. Later added a round three goal in the shootout
before they lost 3-2 in the shootout.
So just, you know, a great story.
It starts off tough, but I think the key to this story with Konica
is he knew something was amiss.
And I know we've talked about it on the show before.
We joked about it, and I mentioned it.
It's a real easy thing for a guy to check his eggs, man.
When you're in the shower, every couple months, just roll your nuts in your hands.
If you feel something that's not there, get them checked out, man,
because this is what happens.
Guys like we're macho.
We think, oh, that's this or that.
If you feel something in your balls that wasn't there growing up,
go get it checked.
It could be bad.
If not, no big deal.
I've gone to the doctor twice, and it turned out to be nothing.
But I'm glad I did.
So, guys, you know, don't be a hatter about it.
In the shower, you're supposed to give a self-test.
I do every couple weeks, couple months.
It's simple.
Get the water hot, whatever. Give it a roll. So, he's doing good. It's glad to give a self-test. I do every couple weeks, couple months. It's simple. Get the water hot, whatever.
Give it a roll.
So he's doing good.
It's glad to hear he's doing well.
Guys, any words you want to add to that?
No, that was incredible, R.A.
Really well said.
I love boy, R.A.
You're awesome at discussing.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks.
Nice little tribute to those two guys and fucking rights.
And we're going to end it on a happy note, which you know what that means.
Cue up that jazz, Grinnelly.
A little gambling con, huh?
Last week, I mean, 6-1 last week, plus 7.5 units.
And the only reason I fucking didn't go perfect, Whitney, fucking Toronto.
3-0 in a minute and a half left.
They blew the lead.
Would have been a 7-0 plus 9 unit week, but C'est la vie, 6-1, not too bad. A couple of quick picks for you this week. Just two of them.
Tuesday night, Stars at the Sabres. Take the Stars money line for a unit. Puck line
for a half unit. Sabres are going to be a little rough without Jack. Stars got some shit to play
for. Later that night, Preds at the Ducks. Preds are going to be pissed off. They lost a few
in a row. They've been on the road for a few days getting comfy. Take the Preds money line for a unit and
Puck line for a unit. Those are the two picks for the corner this week.
This week's gambling corner was brought to you by TripActions. There's a reason half of business
travelers do not use their company's chosen travel management platform. Booking business
travel is still ridiculously outdated, time-consuming, and costly. If you're frustrated
with your company's travel management program or lack thereof, you need to look into TripActions.
They take the pain out of corporate travel with a complete solution that helps businesses save and keeps employees happy.
The reason TripActions works so well is that the first travel management platform designed from the ground up with the road warrior in mind.
It's easy to book your company's business travel from the app or desktop with 24-7 proactive support around the globe and incentives for employees to save on travel expenses. Companies large and small see over 90 adoption and save up to 34 on travel
spend when they use TripActions.
It's a no brainer.
Companies from Lyft to Sara Lee's Frozen Bakery trust TripActions with their
business travel and you should do the same.
TripActions reward travelers for saving their company money and they'll reward
you just for checking them out.
Reshape your company's business travel today with TripActions.
Go to tripactions.com slash chicklets, complete a 30-minute demo with the Trip Actions
account executive, and you'll get 20 off your booking fees in 2019. But it's this month only,
tripactions.com slash chicklets for a free demo and 20 off booking fees in 2019.
tripactions.com slash chicklets. Boys, any other final notes you want to share
with the audience?
Yes.
Rest in peace to the
Blackhawk Overs.
Oh, I know.
They ended up beating
Dallas, I think, 2-1 the
other night.
What a run.
How many game runs?
What a run.
I think it was 23 of 24
or 24 of 25, right around
there, whatever that may
be.
A quarter, I mean, not a quarter what is it a third
of the season and uh and speaking of the hawks uh patrick kane became the seventh player in black
hawks history to record multiple career 40 plus goal seasons he joins bobby hall who had eight
steve larmer who had five jeremy roenick, four, Al Secord had three,
Dennis Savard had three, Tony Amante had three,
and those are the seven Blackhawks players.
So thank you to my boy Nick Cahill who sent me that stat over.
You know who this kid is?
No.
He's on Twitter.
He's great.
He's got a lot of fun facts, at C-A-H-I-L-L 29.
So shout out to him for helping me out
and digging that one up.
He's always got some good nuggets.
So you said the name Stevie Lama, which means I gotta go fetch some chewing gum
because every time I saw him, he was chewing gum on the ice.
And next episode, this has been long.
I have to talk to everyone about
this free solo movie I watched.
Holy shit.
Good or bad?
Holy shit.
I have a million things to say.
A million things.
So we'll go into that next time.
Yo, hey, guys, hold on a sec before we go any further.
I just want to talk to you for a second about ShipStation.
You guys know here at Boston, we love us some merch.
Always making up some new wagon shirts for you guys.
But to be honest, shipping out merch to you guys is a pain in the ass,
and it's freaking expensive.
When should we use UPS or FedEx or the post office?
It's kind of confusing.
Then we found out about chipstation.com,
the number one choice of online sellers like us.
It was a no-brainer.
It's the fastest, easiest, and most affordable way to get your Barstool merchandise.
With ShipStation, you can ship out a lot more stuff in a lot less time
for a lot less money.
Everybody loves saving money.
ShipStation helps get orders out quickly and keep our grumpy-ass customers happy.
Whether you're selling your own website like us or Amazon, Shopify, Squarespace, Etsy,
over 90 other popular selling channels, ShipStation brings all the orders into one simple interface,
making them really easy to manage from any device, even from your cell phone.
So easy.
ShipStation helps you figure out the best way to ship every package and create shipping labels for all the top carriers,
including UPS, FedEx, USPS, and even Amazon Fulfillment. They even offer discounts on
shipping costs, the same postage discounts usually reserved for Fortune 500 companies.
But right now, try ShipStation free for 30 days and get an additional month free,
only if you use the promo code chiclets don't wait
go to shipstation.com before you do anything else click on the microphone at the top of the
home page and type in chiclets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s that's shipstation.com and to chiclets shipstation
get ship done can i say one more crazy stat yeah the other night the devil's lost for the first
time in regulation when leading
after two periods since john hines has been coached the last time they did was march 14th
2014 well this year they haven't had many leads after you know after the second race it's so
crazy to go i know listen that's i think that's a testament to good coaching i swear to god because
you get a lead in the second you have a coach and a coaching staff
who can kind of get guys to lock it down.
That's crazy impressive.
I agree.
And one more thing.
I said the Coyotes went 6-7 at home on that homestand.
Another nugget for you.
I'm just full of them today.
This one fucking was deep down in the mine shaft.
Michael Grabner scored his fifth
shorthanded goal of the season he tied or sorry he's the only player since mario lemieux in the
88-89 season to record five shorthanded goals before playing in his 27th game so because
obviously grabner went down with a nasty eye injury this year he's been unbelievable for the
oats eight tucks five of which which short-handed. And him
and Dvorak had big nights the other night.
Two goals each. Dvorak has missed
most of the entire season
with a back injury that he suffered in the
summertime. And then as he was coming back
in the lineup, he tore his pec
in practice. So he missed
like 60 games this year. So
shout out to Dvorak. He had a big night. Ended up getting
the game winner against LA. And the Yotes are fucking rolling,
man.
They're one point outside of a playoff spot with a game in hand.
All right.
Well,
that's going to wrap it up.
Chiplets for this Sunday evening,
dropping on Monday.
Everybody have a great week out there and we'll catch you later in the week.
You got what I need.
But you say he's just a friend.
And you say he's just a friend And you say he just a friend
Oh baby you
Got what I need
But you say he just a friend
But you say he just a friend
