Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 158 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to the gentleman this afternoon. Let's go to our producer, Mikey Grinelli,
first. Looks like that tan's coming in a little bit there, pal.
I look bronze as shit, and you guys know it. That's a fact.
Oh, yeah?
I will say the West Coast Wagon Tour interviews are coming to an end, boys, so I am a little
upset, but this tan's making me feel a little better.
Yeah, you have to work again.
Time out. I got shit on from the heater on my neck when we were in San Jose.
How about that one on G's forehead?
That might, in fact, win us a steak and a nice bottle of wine there, Whit.
The thing is, though, the producer describes and not describes,
decides what goes out on the internet, so we will never see that,
but that's an absolute zapper.
It's really not, though.
It's actually more of a cut.
If you look up there.
Oh, come on.
Looks good on you, though.
As Teddy Purcell would say, there's enough pus inside that zit to shampoo a buffalo.
So shout out to Teddy Purcell, which, boys, we have him on today.
He's the last interview of the West Coast Wagon Tour.
I know a lot of you are probably thinking, man,
we've heard a lot of this guy. Well, one, shut the
fuck up because he's funny. And number two,
this is a little bit different angle because we're
strictly focused on Teddy,
what he's got going with Adam Oates and some
other things that we wanted to talk to him about.
He's a special human. He's got
a lot of close friends at the National Hockey
League level that are important, impactful
players, and he's been helping us get
some of those guys on the pod. So, so if anything all of you should send him a tweet thanking him for his contributions to
the podcast and to your entertainment and as the other host uh paul biz nasty business ryan whitney
on the other end of the color spectrum i just said it's tough in the winter time for us uh pale
fellas i am looking so pale boys quick quick note on last show okay the the episode dropped i
listened to a little later in the day and you know all the tweets like r.a was fucking waffled
r.a was buckled so i was like fuck man i'm like i remember that whole night i turn around i'm like
what the fuck are people talking about i had a little bit of a buzz on i was nothing compared
to the time i got dude those people are dead on you were smothered dude i had a buzz on dude i
had a i mean i wasn't obviously you shouldn't have been driving a car, which I wasn't,
but I mean, I had a buzz on.
Like, we all had a buzz on, you know?
I think their points are you had a buzz,
but you sound really fucked up with just a little buzz.
That's the whole point.
Listen, I think it's comical how delusional you are sometimes.
I think you're just not being self-aware in this instance.
We actually have a video of you pretty much falling asleep on the bus.
I think it was even during that interview.
Whatever.
I don't care.
To me, it's more comical the fact that you're kind of denying it.
So we can let the people speak for themselves because I read all the messages that were sent to all of us.
It wasn't like two people.
It was probably a thousand.
Let's clarify.
I'm not denying anything.
First off, I'm just I'm clarifying that I thought I was expecting the worst when I saw the tweets.
And then when I listened to it, I was like, this is nothing compared to October.
October was fucking thrashed. I think there's a huge disconnect between you, like, you know,
just taking your buzzed a little and saying, yeah, I was just buzzed,
as opposed to you just being like, yeah, I was fucked up.
Yeah, I mean, well, I had six, eight beers, some edibles.
I mean, that's, you know, I was feeling.
There it is.
So usually you undercut the beer.
So it was probably eight to ten beers with four edibles.
That's a wild human.
Also, Biz, what was working against me was the episode started, I was sober,
and then the interview gets dropped in where I'm fucking buckled,
so I think that worked against me.
Hey, I will say this.
The Yandel one, I don't know if it happened when it was supposed to happen.
Even I was a little tipsy for that one, and people made comments on the YouTube page
where you can now actually go watch that.
So Teddy will be the last interview that's live that will be dropped on our YouTube channel.
We do have that Sean Avery content coming out soon.
It's not the completely changed subjects.
But I was getting a little buckled there too, R.A., so we can't just blame you.
Yeah, it happens.
I was buckled last night. Wow, what there too, R.A., so we can't just blame you. Yeah, it happens. I was buckled last night.
Wow, what a night, man.
Tuesday night NHL, one of the greatest nights of the year,
I think, so far this season.
I mean, talk about being on fire.
Calgary Flames, Biz.
Yeah, so I got a little info on them.
They actually went on a four-game slide, and they were really struggling,
and their offense was struggling, especially their big dogs.
So they lost four in a row, as I said.
In those games, they lost to many Toronto, Vegas, and Arizona.
They'd only had five goals.
And this is a team who's been scoring at an alarming rate all year,
obviously led by that top line and some of those big dogs there.
Finally, they strung out back-to-back wins.
Tuesday, they spanked who they beat, New Jersey.
They put up a nine spot.
They put up six in the third.
Yeah, that's
Going into the third.
Right, yeah.
I think  was it not 3-3 going in?
4-3.
Oh, it was 4  yeah, sorry.
So they were down.
Actually, R.A., somebody tweeted me that they live bet that game
based on the stat that we threw out of how they
had not lost the
third period lead with Hines
since like 2015.
So somebody live bet it and then lost it.
So that's back to back for the New Jersey
Devils when they hadn't done it in like four or five
years. But going back to
Johnny Hammond Cheese,
obviously he had a huge night. Three goals,
three assists. Pretty funny picture of him going online with the three pucks in each hand.
Since January 22nd, though, before Tuesday's game,
Johnny, he played in 19 games and only had one goal in that time.
He had nine assists, so not bad in that category, but their
production had gone way down. Lindholm had gone pointless in his previous
five before Tuesday. That just tells you how category but their production had gone way down uh lindholm had gone pointless in his previous five
uh before tuesday so that just tells you how how how much that top line drives that team i like
their secondary scoring more than some other top loaded teams probably colorado is one that comes
to mind but uh man it just goes to show when those top end guys aren't going for calgary
that they struggle and they just dropped
out of that top spot in the Pacific Division so now San Jose with that big win which we'll get into
against Winnipeg where they scored in the last few seconds uh now that drops Calgary back to
second place and they're going to be matched up against Vegas if they finish there in the first
round which Vegas is boys they're starting to go. They're, you know, they have a good four lines that just comes at you in waves.
They got a solid back end, obviously picking up stone,
and they got good goaltending.
If I'm Calgary, man, that first place in the Pacific is so fucking important.
So they got to dial it in here in the next 13, 14 games to finish off the year.
So important for them.
And you know what's funny to me is I don't think San Jose
will have as big of an issue beating Vegas if they get the second seed.
I think it's way more important for Calgary to get one.
You know what I mean?
Like San Jose could go in and, you know, being an older veteran,
not older, but a veteran team,
I think they could handle playing Vegas way easier than Calgary could in the first round.
That is huge. Calgary scored its
100th goal in the third period of the season
last night. That's just
ridiculous production for third period
of the game. It's a great stat to have going into
the Yoffs playoff for people
who don't know what the Yoffs are.
I was just blown away by Goudreau the whole game.
He was making plays.
It was video game Goudreau again.
And it's crazy to think that he went through that slump
and then, you know, something just clicks last night.
It's like any sport in the world you talk about,
you just get some sort of feeling back.
And there's one night where your legs feel so light
and obviously all these like troubles and slumps he'd been going through.
I mean, the guy wasn't playing bad.
He just wasn't on the torrid pace that he's been on all season.
But everything came back to him last night.
And it was one of the best games I bet you.
I mean, obviously six points, the best game I've ever played in the NHL.
But even, I mean, he could have had 10 points.
It was just all night buzzing around.
And like you said, Biz, getting Monahan involved,
he had a goal and three assists.
It's just, you know, it's a good team.
But you're very spot on with them needing to win the Pacific,
I think, to have a better chance than trying to deal with Vegas in the first round.
You mentioned it last week when Richardson had the four-goal game.
It's just one of those nights.
Everything you're touching goes in.
It's just a matter of time for a player like John Deere.
He was curling up.
One of the goals was just nuts.
He had the puck for what felt like a minute,
just like dominating all around the offensive zone.
So it was just like, what are you doing?
Also, Mackenzie Blackwood, the goalie for the Devils,
was left in for all nine.
Oh, yeah.
How are you?
I would argue that Johnny Goudreau is probably the top three
or four players to watch in the NHL.
He's fascinating night in, night out.
What he does out there, it's just fun to watch.
You know, some guys get points, but they do it the right way
where they're very vanilla.
He just creates so much.
He's a little water bug out there.
And shout out to our boy, Ham and Cheese, for having a big night,
and he needed it.
He'd been struggling a little bit, and he got the flames going.
Yeah, he became the first player to get six points in a game
since Jamie Benn back November of 2013,
and the first flame to get six points in a game since Al McGuinness
back in March of 94 when Johnny Hammond Cheese was nearly seven months old.
Oh, maybe he'll come on the podcast and talk to us about it.
Hey, Al, I know you're listening to this, you fucking
Al's been dodging us.
Don't get in our bad books, Al. Al, fuck, I know you're listening to this, you fucking  Al's been dodging us. Don't get in our bad books, Al.
Al, fuck, I know you shoot the puck 110 with a Sherwood.
Come on the show.
Regarding the goaltending situation, I think it was the seventh goal.
Schneids did look over at his coach to say, hey, you want me to go in here for him?
But he is starting Schneider the next game, so he probably just said, fuck it,
let the kid finish out this disaster.
Yeah, let him finish out this third period.
But another great
game uh the west coast story game sharks versus jets it's an old school uh hashtag ask a millennial
for that's uh when we were talking about it yesterday i don't know if this makes sense
ej raddick started snapping and i was like and it was when we were talking about previewing the game
he started snapping i'm like bro are you do are you blacking out are you forgetting you have to
talk right now and i didn't understand apparently it has something to do with west side
yeah west side story the famous play slash movie from 50s and 60s now what do the jets have to do
with it well they were the two gangs there was a a white gang or an irish i think an irish gang
or an italian gang and there was a puerto rican gang one was the jets and one was the shots okay
okay all right was probably loving ej all right all right already started crying ej snap in the west side story yeah that's what i've
been doing snapping till exactly we're in the same wavelength so i mean that game had four separate
ties uh sharks when they're six straight which give us your take on it well i mean a possible
um playoff matchup that would be fun as hell to watch the the winnipeg jets um it's like something
something's kind of missing a little bit right now i feel like like they're playing well but
they're also making some crazy mistakes that you don't you don't see that often and that game last
night uh you know to have a defenseman i think it was tyler myers i'm not exactly sure so don't
quote me anyone pinching down and giving an opposing team a two-on-one with 10 seconds left,
it's kind of like, you know, Bantam, peewee hockey.
Like, you know, with 10 seconds left in a tie game, don't pinch down.
I mean, you know what I mean?
Unless you're 100 sure you're getting the puck or going to get a chance,
maybe it was one of those kind of brain farts where you're thinking
there's not enough time for them to get the puck and go down and score,. Maybe it was one of those kind of brain farts where you're thinking there's
not enough time for them to get the puck and go down and score.
So you think you can kind of hop in.
I know that's happened to players.
It happened to me.
Fuck.
But all of a sudden, you know,
they go down and they win that game on an amazing pass.
Timo Meier to Pavelski who buries, I think it's 37th.
Like what a season, what a season Pabst is having.
And to get that win on the road is just showing that San Jose is,
I think they're now in the midst of their fourth five wins
or more longer streak.
So if that makes any sense, I can't speak English.
They're on their fourth different example this year
of winning five games in a row or more.
So, I mean, this team, nobody wants to see them.
They're obviously with Martin Jones.
Martin Jones now now he's been
so good i think he uh in five and oh or six and oh in his last six games i mean this guy is feeling
it it was my dark horse for the best that didn't go exactly as planned on our preseason predictions
but having said all that winnipeg gets a lot of a lot of like good play especially last night
out of some lower lower end guys in the lineup. Like, I mean, you're looking at Lowry,
you know, Andrew cop guys that play on the third and fourth line.
They're kind of having dominating, you know,
shifts and efforts where if the jets can get everyone going and they have
their third and fourth lines playing like this, I mean,
Brian little's playing on the third line right now.
That's like when you know, you're deep up front.
I just think that there's a little, you know,
smarter hockey that they can play.
I think that right now they're ready for the playoffs,
but they've got to just fix some of these brain farts, like I'm saying.
It's just little mistakes that kind of end up adding up.
When you play a team like San Jose, they're going to make you pay.
I think two-thirds of the goals in the game were tipped.
The game had more tipped than a community bris.
What's up, Biz?
The goals in the game were tipped.
The game had more tipped than a community bris.
What's up, Biz?
Oh, I was just going to say, I think I might pick San Jose to win the cup.
Not only because of their high-end guys, but just their depth in general.
There's guys we don't even talk about that are close to a point a game. That Timo Meier guy, 59 points this year, never gets talked about.
26 tucks, 33 assists.
This Sorensen kid, I mean, he's another solid contributor to the lineup.
I know he doesn't have crazy.
Playing with Joe.
Yeah, he plays ball.
Yeah, I mean, he's got 16 goals, 11 assists.
That's not like earth-shattering, but these are like your depth guys.
We talked about the Nyquist pickup and how much that's going to help out.
I mean, Pavelski's having an unreal turnaround year.
I know he struggled last year.
You said 37 tucks.
This Kevin LeBanc kid's nasty.
So it's just like there's no weak spots in that lineup.
And even I know we talked about Jack Edwards chirping Haley,
but DeBoer's notorious for liking a tough guy in his lineup.
He loves it.
He loves having a guy who can mix things up.
And he's not a liability. I don't know
what type of impact he's going to have in playoffs
or whether he's even going to be in the lineup,
but he's a
respectable player. He knows his role.
He's not going to take risks offensively.
He's not going to be pinching down the
throw to the slot area
with under 10 seconds left in the offensive zone
to give the other team an odd man rush.
But no, they're very impressive.
And I mean, obviously having that slow start this year,
Carlson, those guys getting used to their type of game,
they've turned things around.
And to me, they're the team to look out for.
Yeah, I think that if Jones can do this,
they can win the cup.
If they don't get great goaltending,
I don't know if they'll be able to.
Also, I mean, this is without Carlson. He's out injured right now. So they do need to win the cup. If they don't get great goaltending, I don't know if they'll be able to. Also, I mean, this is without Carlson.
He's out injured right now, so they do need to win the cup.
I think they need him healthy.
I think he would have to be a part of the team,
even though they're playing great without him.
They'd need him to go all the way, I believe.
And shout out to one more guy.
We've brought him up.
But the same way I bring up Goudreau and other incredible players,
there's a certain amount of people in the league that can take over games.
You see them, and there's nights when they just take over the game.
When they're on the ice, they have the puck, it seems like.
They're creating chances.
And Thomas Hurdle in that game against Winnipeg was so filthy and so nasty,
he was dangling people in the neutral zone.
He was going to the offensive zone, shielding guys.
He's a monster.
He can score.
He can pass.
He's had this, I don't want to say breakout year. I mean, I think it's his best year, but he's been good before, but this has been like
just a consistent dominant basis from him. And that's why they're so good because now he's the
second line center. You got Joe Thornton is your third line center creating this energy on this
third line with Sorenson and LeBanc because Hurdle is good enough now to anchor a second line and to
be a real effective dominant center.
So like you said, Biz, they got a lot of great things going on in San Jose.
No offense to the town.
I hope they're not back in the finals only because I don't really want
to go there again.
There wasn't much to do.
But I loved all the people I met.
Unless they can import like 100 smoke shows and then maybe put them
in our hotel.
And a restaurant that stays open after 9 p.m.
Yeah, specifically maybe some ones that like guys that are maybe not so good looking with huge schnozzes and ugly looking dicks.
Yeah, San Jose made Boston look like Vegas.
They roll up the carpets early there.
Another significant game on Tuesday night.
I wonder if the Jackets finally woke up after the deadline.
Since the deadline and going into Tuesday's game versus the Bruins,
they were only 3-5 since all the moves they made,
averaging only 1.63 goals per game while giving up three goals per game.
Pitiful power play, clicking at just a 10.
They just couldn't seem to get all this talent to mesh.
But I do wonder if they turned the corner Tuesday night,
7-4 thumping of the Bruins.
They did still give up four, but they climbed back in the eighth seed
for today, or for Wednesday anyways.
One for four on the power play, killed off all three penalties,
though they did give up a shorty.
But, you know, they got all, like I said, they got all this talent.
I think they caught the Bruins at a good time as well.
I mean, the Bruins are firmly ensconced in either the second
or third spot in the division.
They're coming off a 19-game point streak, playing their third game in four nights. So, I mean, hey,ins are firmly ensconced in either the second or third spot in the division. They're coming off a 19-game point
streak, playing their third game in four nights. So,
I mean, hey, you got to play the schedule you get, but
you think they might have turned the corner here,
Biz Columbus? Do you think they've finally realized,
okay, we know what skill we have here. We can start
playing to our potential or what?
Quickly, Biz, before you take over,
Ari, I got to call you out. Boston was sitting
at home, sitting in Columbus, waiting
for them, and Columbus played the night before.
It wasn't like they caught Boston in, like, a great, you know what I mean?
Like, it wasn't.
But maybe they were catching Columbus on a good time.
I can agree with R.A. in a sense where maybe he's like,
oh, they just went on a huge run.
Like, chances are they were going to drop a couple after it.
Okay, but that's not, I mean, whatever.
Well, it was more the third game in four nights.
That's, I mean, you know, coming off an emotional, you know,
19-game point in the streak.
I think, you know, they were basically vulnerable.
I'm not making excuses for them.
They still made a game of it.
They were down 5-1.
They got it to 5-4.
But, you know, we're focusing on Columbus here.
You know, this could be a galvanizing win for them
because they need to do something, man.
You made all these moves.
Yamo Kikolainen hitched his wagon to all these moves.
If they don't make the playoffs, man, his job has to be in jeopardy.
And I wonder if this is the one that gets them going.
If I were the GM, I'd want to go back in time and redo what I did at the deadline.
I'm still not comfortable with the lineup that they have assembled.
I don't think that  I don't know if Duchesne maybe fits Torts' style
or playoff style for that matter.
I mean, I know that they're still trying to work out their chemistry.
It hasn't been that long.
But sometimes moves at the deadline can impact your lineup
and all of a sudden you're on this crazy run.
But, I mean, just way too much inconsistency in that lineup.
I don't know how motivated some of those guys are in that locker room.
You know, I don't want to throw Panarin those guys are in that locker room.
You know, I don't want to throw Panarin under the bus,
but, you know, he hasn't scored a power play goal in about 20 games.
He's had one goal in his last 11 games.
Obviously, he started showing some emotion there with that fight.
So now all of a sudden I'm like, okay, all right,
maybe this is the game that's turned things around.
But Christ, man, if you make those and and hinder your future with that with that team and not make playoffs fuck man that's colossal and right now they're they're in a dog fight like montreal's not laying
down they had a huge win and it's uh i i would imagine that this is something that gets them
going because they did beat a very good team but man look out this is not going to be an easy road the last 13 games absolutely not uh we got great races in both
divisions or both conferences rather man i i mean basically every night to me is like a playoffs i
mean you know columbus for all intents and purposes they're in the playoffs right now they're playing
for their lives every game is a must win for them so So, you know, to me, these games are fucking fantastic already.
Well, also with Columbus, too, I think that if you look at if they could get in the playoffs,
they really kind of could beat anyone.
I mean, they have the roster, I believe, when they're playing great to really compete.
Now, this is if Brodsky's playing good.
That third line is filthy.
And Boone Jenner had the hat trick.
And that Josh Anderson, inject that guy's game into my
veins bro that guy is an old school fucking beast he can skate has scored a sick goal last night
uh I think he made it might have been the first goal yeah I tied it up 1-1 but that guy can move
in that line and Foligno centers it like that shows that they have depth it's just about biz
you made a good point like do these guys fit in with the system that they're playing and i know dushane there's times he's
sick he's also times that i don't know like offensively the whole team has struggled so i
guess you're not going to see like his best game so far but i think it's 11 or 12 games he has
five points six points maybe and now saying that they had six goal or they had seven goals over a
six game span so that's just that's i mean I mean, what's anyone going to do in that?
And then they get seven last night.
The only question I have now is can that get them going?
If that game doesn't, like, catapult them to winning a couple in a row,
their schedule's hard.
But if they don't get going on that and start scoring goals
after finally having a night where you really break out,
then they're probably in trouble.
And, listen, I know sometimes I'm a little critical duchesne i've loved his game i think he's nasty in 11 games with columbus
so far two goals three assists and and time has told me that when the going gets tough he doesn't
get going and this is playoff style hockey we just said it all of a sudden we're on a race here like
the playoffs have started for columbus they have to fucking show up every game and bring that intensity so here's his opportunity to show
you if he is if he doesn't produce in these last uh you know 12 games and they don't get into
playoffs or even if they do and then he doesn't produce in playoffs i mean what like there's your
fucking sample size so i'm not being hard on him i'm just being honest with my my assessment and and i hope
the best for him because i hope he gets paid because he's you know he's a very entertaining
he's gonna get paid no matter what yeah i mean but but but then is he gonna end up on a team
who's not gonna make playoffs and he's gonna do a point a game like he did in ottawa when things
are easy and you just fucking show up throw your gear on you get your 20 minutes every night
like what the fuck like what is this all about it's about being a fucking winner is it not like this is your when when times get tough let's
see what you you're made of let me there's some adversity here for him let's let's see if he can
earn those top dollars let me ask you biz what percentage of players in the league do you think
are in it she's strictly for the fucking paycheck and really winning a secondary and i'm not saying
he is i'm just i'm thinking of the question but and i'm not even just talking about the money side of things
where guys only care about that where i'm saying is literally when things get tough and difficult
some guys don't know how to react to that they like the regular season and when they can throw
it in cruise control and and some of you people like like i mean take crosby for example man he
throws it in cruise
control at the start of the year no offense that's not a a knock on him look at him now they need to
get in playoffs he's like hop on boys i know what the fuck i'm doing he's a fucking winner
he's a winner he elevates his game when it gets hard every time they play against washington they
know it's going to be a war what's he do he fucking shows up two goals like it shows up
and i know that's that's just one example i mean there are certain players who elevate their play
in playoffs because they they thrive off the emotion and the intensity of it and there's
certain guys who thrive off just throw it in cruise control for regular season that's a fact
and i'm not labeling dushane as anything i'm saying what i've seen is right now he's a regular
season guy and when things are easy he produces let's see what you can do when shit gets difficult. That's all I'm saying. That's not
a knock. Please I don't want the smoke online. Speaking of the Penguins, Tuesday night another
great game. Caps and Penguins. We had a couple of milestones in that one. Gino Evgeny Malkin,
he hit a thousand points in his career. He had two assists versus the Caps, given 391 goals,
609 assists for 1,000 points in 848 games.
He's the fourth player in Pittsburgh history to do so.
Shouldn't have to tell you who the other three are.
The 88th NHL player to accomplish defeat,
and the fifth Russian-born player to do so after Ovechkin, Fedorov,
McGilney, and Kovalev.
I mean, you know, you guys both played with him.
I mean, this is inevitable, him getting to 1,000.
It's just a point of how high Gino was going to go, I think, at this point.
Yeah, I consider him, you know, he's one of the great players of all time.
I think when you look down the list, at the end of his career, he's top 20.
I think what he's done, he's never had  you want to say something, Grinnelli?
Witt, I mean, if you're going to call him one of the top players of all time
Oh, I know what you're going to bring up.
Your top 10 in getting him those 1,000 points with, I believe,
eight goals and 15 assists.
So, I mean, I think you've contributed to this career.
Listen, when I saw that, I said top 10.
You know what I did?
I looked immediately who was beneath me.
Nobody's down there catching me.
Nobody.
A lot of them aren't there anymore.
A lot of them are done playing.
I think I'm firmly in the top 10 of Evgeny Malkin's career in terms of helping him get points.
And I'll also say this.
Being in the top 10 creates a special little ability to say, hey, I'm in the top 10.
I don't have to say I'm 10th. I'm just in the top 10. Nobody knows where I I'm in the top 10. I don't have to say I'm 10th.
I'm just in the top 10. Nobody knows where I'm sitting in the top 10. Could be fourth.
I'll never say I'm 10th. I'll just say I'm in the top 10. And forever, I think of Genny.
I don't, by the way, I played with Malcolm for three seasons or four seasons. I never even got
to talk to him. He didn't know English. Now I see him doing videos with Crosby shooting pucks from
the stands. And I'm like, I kind of want to meet, meet Gino.
I can be honest.
I never even met him and I'm top 10 in his points.
What a run.
What a run I had in Pittsburgh.
The good old days.
I was actually with Halsey last night.
We had a nice little dinner.
Me, Halsey and Ebs got together.
It was great to see those guys, my old roommates.
And that came out.
I saw that tweet.
You want to go Halsey?
Fucking look at this.
Look who's in the top 10 for Malkin's points.
He goes, holy shit, Whit.
That's pretty legit.
I said, fucking A it is.
Where was I on that list?
You didn't make it.
Was I even on there with like a point?
I don't think you were on there.
I think I had one assist.
All you needed was one to make it.
Oh, by the way, don't forget.
If Gennie Malkin's first NHL goal, Ryan Whitney had the first one.
No way.
That's cool.
That's a cool stat here's
the here's the great part though shot to the net i'm out of position i'm pinching down like i
shouldn't have been i couldn't even see the puck i just whacked at the goalie's pads the puck was
in his pads i don't even think i touched the puck i just whacked at his pads and then somehow gino
came in and like gave another whack and it went in but i got the first assist and i really don't think I touched the puck so it doesn't even matter they don't ask how
they just ask how many I love it thank you um yeah congratulations to Evgeny Malkin got to play
with him too uh funny guy uh very selective about when he knows English and when he doesn't um
I mean we just kind of transitioned out of that playoff talk and
playing when the going gets tough i'm i'm more focused on the 150 158 games he's played in
playoffs he's got 165 points this guy is an absolute fucking gamer and i think he's going
to be most known for that year they made the the cup run and won it when when Sid wasn't I think he was banged up a
little bit and he missed some games and he ended up getting enough 24 games 14 goals 22 assists for
36 points in playoffs so he just one of the all-time greats great personality and Pittsburgh
has been blessed with a few unbelievable high-end picks that have panned out. So congratulations.
It's insane, Penguins fans, like Lemieux, Yager, Crosby, Malka.
Those have been the four guys you've had to root for.
Are you fucking kidding me?
And we're not even including Letang and Flower in that discussion.
Those guys will probably be in the Hall of Fame.
We're not even exactly  and I'm talking Ron Francis.
We're not bringing him up. We're not bringing up Larry Murphy. We're not bringing up a bunch of Fame. And we're not even exactly  and I'm talking Ron Francis.
We're not bringing him up.
We're not bringing up Larry Murphy.
We're not bringing up a bunch of dudes.
Mark Reckie.
It's just the fact that those four  get out of here, Pittsburgh. Their ring of honor is a joke.
Tanking works.
One of those sandwiches.
Go have a  what is it?
A Peroni sandwich?
No, that's a beer I like.
Perogi.
No, what is that place called?
No, it's called Peroni.
Primanti Brothers with the French fries. Primanti's called Peronis. Primanti Brothers?
Primanti Brothers.
Oh, yeah.
Primanti Brothers.
Go stuff one of those down your face and watch these superstars.
Love you guys.
Also, Gino with 1.178 points per game has him 14th overall,
all-time in the NHL history. Really?
14th, yep.
All right.
Come on.
Stat boy.
Also, I mentioned another milestone in the same game.
Alexander Ovechkin had an assist to hit 1,200 points in his 1,072nd game played.
He's the first player in Washington history to do so.
He ties one-time capital Dino Cicerelli for 48th on the all-time list, number 47.
Fittingly enough is Sidney Crosby, who's got 1,206 points and just 931 games played.
Interestingly, Crosby's 1.295 points per game is currently sixth all-time
after Gretzky, Lemieux, Bossy, or Marcel Dion.
Like I just mentioned, Gino's 14th, and Ovi is 19th with 1.12 points per game.
But these guys, man, they just, like I said, every couple weeks,
we just seem to be at another milestone for these guys man they just like i said every couple weeks we just seem
to be at another milestone on for these guys eh biz yeah and uh cool moment on the ice at least
what the announcer said was when uh when crosby and and novetskin were kind of locked in you
looked like they were going to scrap and crosby just said hey dude congrats on 1200 there's i
got it first though i what's it man he's like hey obi man seriously congrats on
1200 he's like oh thanks but i had i had i had it first oh yeah good good to finally see you in the
1200 club there buddy uh but no it was a cool cool moment on the ice but what i love about that
rivalry is is the the respect they have for each other but no no tummy sticks. They still hate each other,
and they both want to win more than they want to be friends.
And this rivalry is going to continue
until those guys are no longer around.
And to me, that's, as a hockey fan
and one who's going to be dialed in the playoffs,
I cannot wait.
I'm praying those two teams meet again
because it's just like, it's,
to me, it's got to be the biggest rivalry in the nhl and it's
been going on forever how many times have they met in playoffs i would say at least six or seven
since they both uh been involved yeah it's definitely up there with you know bird magic
uh maybe like wilton russell definitely one of the one of the great all-time now individual
individual rivalries in sport and we had one one other milestone to talk about on Tuesday.
With the Habs win over Detroit, Carey Price passed Jacques Plante, became the winningest goalie in
Montreal history with his 315th win. He became the ninth active goalie to sit atop his current
franchise's all-time regular season wins list. I know that's a mouthful. But there was one other
incident, same night biz. Well, I don't even know if it was an incident. Basically, people thought
they heard Morgan Rielly utter a homophobic word that we don't use anymore in society and polite society uh it
turns out it was just kind of a coincidental uh audio glitch i guess for lack of a better term
um i don't know if the internet mob jumped on him right away i think people listened they saw the
clip they saw him kind of back at the ref they thought he called the ref a effing f word a
fucking f word.
Turns out, no, he said F and something else,
and somebody else on the other team said raggett, referring to the puck.
If you listen to it, you watch the video, it looked a lot worse than it was.
Biz, I know you had some thoughts on it.
What did you want to say?
I mean, I have a lot of thoughts on it.
First of all, I watched it over and over and over,
and it's clearly a different voice than than when he says fuck he says fuck something and then there's a different voice that
comes on it says ragged and rag it's a term that some guys use in order to eat the puck and you
could see there was a ton of separation between morgan riley and uh and the tampa bay lightning
player who went and ended up picking up the puck they used to be like wit ragged i'm like no i can't
yeah i'm like fuck you you rag it you rag i don't want to get hit okay first things first i know morgan
riley and he's he's the fucking nicest guy and i don't think he would ever use that word let alone
on the ice saying it to someone um and and based off the the referee's reaction he didn't he didn't
give him a penalty or anything.
So don't you think if a ref would have heard that, he would have turned around and been like, what?
Excuse me?
Was it just coincidence?
Yeah, it's a shitty situation because it fucking sent the internet in a storm, and now they had to deal with it.
Now, let me start off by saying people who are verified and people in the media who actually their words carry weight
fuck you if you want to be the first one to give your opinion on it like you know exactly what
happened you're a fucking scumbag all you're doing is trying to rile people up and and bring
yourself attention why don't you let things play out and there's been tons online and then there
was even some girl who afterwards she was like oh sorry for saying out and there's been tons online and then there was even some girl who
afterwards she was like oh sorry for saying something because there's a problem in sports
with it's just like you're feeding into something that you're making up the scenario in your head
they've already dealt with it they already had a press conference about it now let me shift my
attention toward Morgan Riley and the Toronto Maple Leafs handled this with absolute class and
exactly how it should have been handled,
and they shouldn't have had to have handled that whole situation
for people blowing it out of proportion.
Because if you would have listened to the audio, you would have been like,
ah, I got to give this guy benefit of the doubt.
Because, once again, it was a different voice.
So they end up having the press conference.
Morgan Riley, instead of calling Dubas about it, he drove back to the arena
and says, I want to handle this, and I want to let everyone know that that's not what I said.
So tip my cap to Shani, Dubas, and Morgan Riley on the way they handled it.
And I guess they had to handle it that way, but once again, other people are like, oh, they're just covering their tracks.
No, fuck you.
Start giving people benefit of the doubt and stop just trying to create this controversy so you can have some entertainment
on twitter i mean there's a few there's a few media people that i want to call out but i don't
want to i don't want to i don't want to raise this story up again let's let it to rest let's
give morgan benefit of the doubt i don't believe he said that word. And, and let's go as far as I'll
admit it. When I was younger coming up, I had no idea the impact of what that word meant. I used to
say it to guys until that whole, uh, you can play thing came about. It was like, damn, man, like
I got to start respecting people's feelings a little bit more. I didn't, I think that was just
a word I would use to another guy to like, you know, try to get the upper hand. And you know what? And, and, and, and that doesn't, that doesn't say anything about the way my parents raised me. You know, I just, I was just uneducated.
It wasn't, it wasn't. Yeah. I mean, I was uneducated. No, I mean, there was, there was a many words that I said growing up that you can't say now. I didn't know, but yeah, it's not, it was just different. I mean, it's not saying saying it was right i just didn't understand how wrong it was i'm gonna say i'm gonna say that i'll also say though
this so this incident i just have a quick question it was a so viewers must have called in like
well everyone everyone watching everyone who saw okay so it just takes okay so it's people like
all right that's just i don't know that's kind of it's kind of crazy to me how it just caught fire it was like scary to think that all of a sudden that
many people are saying these things about morgan rally the kid was probably like what is going on
right after the game could you imagine where he looks at his phone he's like jesus christ
now keep in mind this isn't something where people like oh did he say it like we should we should look
into this this is those the the social justice warriors who go online.
They don't care if he didn't say it.
They just want to kick up dust, man.
They're fucking losers.
They're fucking  they irritate the hell out of me,
and that's why Twitter and all this shit's turned into a cesspool.
I think
And it's bullshit.
I thought you loved Twitter.
Not anymore.
I don't even go on there anymore.
I just go on there to send out the links to the podcast.
Rarely do I chime in.
No, I mean, conversely, too.
And check the DMs.
Conversely, too, Biz, I think, you know,
given that there have been a couple incidences in the last couple years
of guys, you know, using language like that,
it probably wasn't that much of a leap for some people to say,
oh, here we go again.
They're saying something stupid again.
You know, when you do watch that clip, if you watch it once or twice clip it that's what it how it how it did come across
unless you slowed it down and you know they kind of isolated one one audio because shit i was like
oh fuck man not again i can't believe the guy said it and then you know when they broke the
video dial okay it wasn't it was two different people talking but i think people who may be
conditioned to expect the worst you know it they were thinking oh shit it
wasn't out of the realm of possibility i guess okay but before we'll move on but i think the
main point is that you thought to watch it again and you thought to maybe look into it opposed to
sending a tweet without being 100 sure that's the story what are you gonna do you you did your own
research and you were like oh really oh no actually it wasn't that good as opposed to hearing it and then just getting your phone like a little maggot
and just like getting all of it well not only that but like you know if he did say it i'd be i'd be
disappointed and i'd feel bad for him if if in fact he did say it does he mean does it mean he
doesn't like gay people or no he just used an insensitive term that so you know for whatever reason his
fucking filter didn't go off and he he didn't refrain from saying it obviously after watching
the audio he didn't but could you imagine being the the person to go online and start barking
like you're the fucking you're the you're the end all be all and what you say is what goes
no you're fucking arrogant shut the fuck up yeah once it was clear that once it was clear that that
there was actually no incident then then that was it and kudos to the least for you know taking a
shit situation and you know making a lesson out of it and and by no no way shape or form do i
condone using that word anymore i just hope we all can learn from it and and and move on and and not
just accuse people of saying it if you don't have concrete
evidence. I don't believe Morgan Raleigh said it.
I think that people should wait until they start
accusing people of if they don't
have concrete evidence. Shouldn't be the
first one. Should be people waiting to
see how it plays out. Boys, I think it's time
for some comic relief.
What do you say we go to Teddy Purcell for that?
TP16 coming at you.
Thank you to Budweiser canada
for everything they did and this is obviously going to wrap up um the the west coast wagon
tour we got to thank them the ra tours the ra uh edible tour and uh thank you to budweiser canada
and hopefully you guys enjoy the last interview of that this interview was brought to you by
seat geek buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and Seat Geek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
I've had the Seat Geek app on my phone for years,
and it's by far the easiest way I found to shop for tickets.
I can be anywhere with just a few taps.
I can instantly find seats.
Just use Seat Geek the other day to get some tickets for the Celts.
Looking forward to the playoffs.
I'm not just a Bruins fan.
I like the Celts too.
Also, Seat Geek is designed to make your ticket buying experience easier than ever. It saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices and
find amazing deals. And to get the most bang for your buck, SeatGeek grades every ticket based on
value. You want to spend a lot of dough and press a date? Boom, you can do that. You feel like a
tightwad going by yourself? SeatGeek hooks you up there as well, and every purchase is fully guaranteed,
so you can shop for tickets with confidence.
You're not going to get beat by some dirtbag scalper.
Make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 10 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today. That's promo code Hockey for 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase. Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
Well, folks, you know I suck at introductions,
but this man luckily doesn't really need much of one.
He's been a reoccurring guest,
probably one of the funniest guys we've had on.
With his dog with his dog oh yeah shout out to his puppy eddie vetter or vetter sorry welcome back to the
podcast welcome back so we're out here in la we're in venice you are in manhattan beach
teddy brought us over to a little members only club he's at yesterday talk about living dude
this place you can see the water, little bar, great food.
Like, you're living here.
Yeah, this is life.
I got lucky.
I outsmarted the league for too long.
And now I'm on the left coast.
And you also said to me yesterday, like, I thought it was cool when I went to play in Florida and Tampa.
But no, then I realized, like, L.A. is where you want to be, Manhattan Beach.
Yeah, like, I didn't realize.
I came from Newfoundland, obviously.
I was in Saskatchewan, Maine, Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
Yeah, you never played anywhere.
I couldn't have picked the worst places to play.
And then I came out here.
I was like, oh, wow, the NHL is the best.
And then I was like, oh, but I couldn't afford to buy a place.
Then I got traded around.
I'm like, oh, Florida is close to home.
Florida is nice. And then I came back, oh, Florida's close to home. Florida's nice.
And then I came back out here at the end of my career.
Looking back, I probably shouldn't have signed here
because I might have a chance to still be playing right now.
But because I'm living here now, I'm happy.
So it's like it worked out.
Timing is everything.
And you bought a spot here.
I did.
I bought a spot.
That's why I went to Russia, actually, because Boston,
I didn't want to take it two-way.
And then...
You just wanted cash?
Huh?
You just wanted a bunch of cash?
Yeah, I just wanted to buy off my house.
So I went to Russia.
So four months.
It was worth the four years.
Okay, because you hear horror stories about guys not getting paid their full amount of money.
You, of course, did.
And I remember you said you left your gear there.
Yeah, the boys have this rec hockey at the rink every Friday.
And it's a good bunch of guys, like old Suray who was just on.
He skates like Derek Armstrong, Stolle.
Heatley, right?
Yeah, Heater, who's my favorite.
I think like Jerry Bruckheimer skates.
He can't play, but he scores like nine goals a game.
He's like the North American Putin.
Yeah, exactly.
Like Jerry Bruckheimer, of course, he's's one of the co-owners of the Seattle...
What do we call them?
The Seattle Crankin'?
I hope they end up being the Crackin'.
Or Crackin'.
But I guess that everyone's leaning towards the Sockeyes.
Okay, so Seattle...
I don't mind Sockeyes.
So Jerry Bruckheimer, of course, one of the...
I would say he's one of the majority owners of it.
I think so, yeah.
He owns all this movie stuff out here and all that stuff.
He loves hockey.
He throws those Jerry Bruckheimer hockey tournaments.
I don't know if they're still going.
I went to two years of them.
These places, it's a...
Basically, you've got to sign a non-disclosure.
It's a gong show.
We won't get too much into detail.
But he would play in them, too, and he's not very good.
But when you're that rich or powerful, you're like,
I can play with the best players and I don't care if I suck.
Exactly.
I wouldn't go near him because it's just the the respect of like the aura yeah he's an older guy
too you don't want to like take the puck from him you haven't gone once i don't have any gear so i
gotta text like the king's trainer to get some gear but i just haven't gotten around to it yet
imagine if we had to like buy sticks now like synergies are 300 i think even like tape i just
made up that number i know it's pretty's pretty high though. But like skates,
imagine tape.
Imagine how much of an idiot
you'd feel like
if you had to go buy tape.
Oh my God.
Like if I'm going in
or paying to get your skates sharpened.
Yeah, I know.
I haven't got my
squirrel boys.
I know.
I don't think I'd get them
sharpened again.
And I loved all the trainers.
I wasn't like a high maintenance guy,
but you just like
take that stuff for granted.
Didn't you just
chuck on new wheels and play in them that night? Yeah, every time. I didn't even heat them. You never cared about them. No, I didn't even a high maintenance guy, but you just like take that stuff for granted. Didn't you just chuck on new wheels and play in them that night?
Yeah, every time.
I never cared about that stuff.
No, I didn't even heat them up.
I'll say this.
That's why I couldn't skate.
This may not be you.
I have no desire to play hockey anymore.
I'd rather spend that two hours or maybe two and a half.
It would have took me to drive there, put on my gear, get out there.
And I love the boys too, but I get to do this.
I get the guy interaction.
I'd rather go to like yoga and go somewhere where it's going to like get some mental clarity for me
as opposed to like, you know, going there.
You know, you're going to have beers after.
Yeah, I show up and there's like 10 minutes left.
And he goes for the beers.
Yeah, exactly.
I still think that if we're looking at post-playing career,
some guys just still want to play.
Oh, Scotty Upshaw just got here.
Vedder's going nuts.
Vedder loves him.
Uptalk, what's up, buddy?
We're doing great.
Scotty Upshaw just showed up mid-interview.
We're going to continue, and hopefully Vedder shuts the fuck up
because if he doesn't, I'm going to put a dart in his neck.
He likes Uppy. Uppy's a big music fan. He likes Vedder. So he's after Eddie Vedder shuts the fuck up, because if he doesn't, I'm going to put a dart in his neck. He likes Uppy.
Uppy's a big music fan.
He likes Vedder.
So he's after Eddie Vedder?
Smells good.
Yeah.
Scotty Upshaw complimenting us on the scent of our Venice house.
Yeah, Vedder.
I like Pearl Jam's my favorite band.
Oh, really?
And when I got a dog, I was like, I just want to.
He was like so super fan of
me but i was playing in florida at the time and uh sean thornton big chicklets fan um he uh he
like played in st john's where i grew up he was in the ahl and uh played for the maple leaves and
he was like my favorite play he scored like once every year so he played there for like four years
he had four goals i think but he had like the best celebrations ever.
And they used to call him the bulldog.
He used to beat the shit out of everyone.
And then he would like score and have these awesome celebrations.
So I like loved him.
And then like my first time playing, I think he was in Boston at the time.
First time playing him, I lined up against him.
And I was like, this is like my favorite player.
And I was like, but he might like beat the shit out of me.
And he like talked new for me.
He's like, what's up, i'm like yes and then i got traded to florida and um he was
like i was you know when you get traded to a new team you don't know where you're sitting like you
don't know where to go you don't want to impose you ask i was like i didn't talk until i was
spoken to i was in the league for a long time and but i still i wasn't talking and authority's like
sitting next to me bud how about a big bottle of booze?
I'm like, okay,
we're going to get along good.
And so then we go to Eddie Vedder,
Pearl Jam,
we're playing against Florida.
Sorry, at the Florida rink.
So we went the night before a game
and Thority was like,
I think the manager knows me.
I think we're going to go down
and say hi to Eddie Vedder after.
I was like, this is the coolest.
Oh, Vedder, oh, Vedder.
There he is.
So you're flipping out.
You're like, I'm going to meet him.
I'm going to meet him.
Yeah, we're going to meet.
I already met him actually with Bugsy like years before and like Chris Chelios during
the lockout.
And what I was like, no way he'll remember.
We're going to get down after.
So we go down.
He's like, do you want a beer?
I'm like, yep.
I don't like smoking cigarettes.
I cough every time.
He's like, do you want to smoke?
I'm like, yep.
So I'm like, yeah, give me a few.
Yeah.
So I'm having like American spirits. I'm like, but I'm like, I don't care. It's like, do you want to smoke? I'm like, yep. So I'm like, yeah, give me a few. So I'm having like American spirits.
I'm like, but I'm like, I don't care.
It's the coolest thing ever.
So and then I didn't have my teeth at the time.
And so this is like now we're like eight beers in.
We got a game the next day.
It's like two in the morning.
And he's like, can I ask you a really weird question?
I'm like, yeah, no problem.
Like, what?
I didn't have my teeth.
He's like, can I put a cigarette in your tooth hole? I'm like, you can put your wiener in there if you wanted to.'m like, yeah, no problem. I'm like, what? I didn't have my teeth. He's like, can I put a cigarette in your tooth hole?
I'm like, you can put your wiener
in there if you wanted to,
but like, sure, man.
But I was like,
can I ask you a weird question?
And I was like, he's like, yeah.
I was like, Thorny,
can you take a picture
of him doing that to me?
And we have it.
I'm like, skiggling.
No.
Yeah, he's got like the cigarette
in my tooth hole
and I'm like, try not to cough.
You've gotten some pretty good
celebrity encounters.
I know.
Who's the other one?
Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Larry David.
You met Larry David?
Larry David.
He was at a wedding with him the whole day at his table.
I imagine he's just funny talking about what he ordered for food.
Is he just...
He acts like he's on an episode all day.
He's always on.
He's the funniest guy.
It was Jared Stoll's wedding, and him and Aaron were like coming down the aisle,
and he was like, had his jacket like over his head like this.
He's like, he looked behind him, me and Brad Rich,
and he's like, don't even complain.
He's like, I can't wear my fucking baseball hat here.
I'm like, my bald head is getting a suntan.
And then, so he had his jacket on.
All of a sudden, like he comes to like take it back down over his head.
He had the tag hanging on his jacket.
He forgot to take the tag off his jacket.
He's worth like 500 million.
Yeah, I looked around and we're like,
he's probably going to return it.
Yeah, that's what me and Richard are like.
You bring that back?
You bring that back to HM when you're done?
Oh, okay.
So how does Larry David get when you start chirping him?
He loved it.
He loved it.
Okay, awesome.
And he was like,
he was like, cheers us like really like loud.
So we were calling him like Clinky D the whole time. We were like, Clinky D. And then was like, he was like, cheers us like really like loud. So we were calling him like clinky D the whole time.
We were like clinky D.
And then he like, so he got, he's an older guy and he got, he got banged up like the
night before the wedding.
And there was like these windows that are like floor to ceiling height.
And, and it was like, it's clear, it's glass.
Like he didn't even realize what he was doing.
He got up like to go take a piss piss or leave, walked right into it.
Right into the glass.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, we were dying.
Oh, so this guy, yeah, the Curb Your Enthusiasm is his life.
And every time he would, one of the episodes, I think,
he would skip lines in the buffet line.
So someone was like, can I take a picture?
He's like, man, I got to take your spot, though.
So he's trying to skip the line.
He's like, that's an episode.
Always on. We've got to that's an episode. Always on.
We got to talk about some more Oatsy.
So you're working basically full time for Adam Oats now.
Yeah.
Because we haven't talked to you since we talked to Oatsy, which was awesome. I mean, that was, or maybe we did, but either way, he was talking.
We talked about him.
He was in Encyclopedia.
The Hall of Fame reduction ceremony.
So we didn't get into the Adam Oats talk at all, which, by the way, people were going nuts at that Hall of Fame episode,
just your kind of reenactment of how the night went.
That's the type of insider we need.
Yeah, Teddy's our insider.
He's our insider.
Like Bob McKenzie of Chiglets.
Yeah.
No, I don't know if you heard.
R.A., he broke the Rick Nash story.
Retired.
Oh, really?
Yeah, he's a hardcore journalist.
So he's basically the American Bob McKenzie.
So don't you dare try and take that down.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
I wanted to break the Marty St. Louis coaching thing yesterday,
but I didn't want to.
No, you broke it to us, though.
We knew.
He told me yesterday.
He's like, Marty, tomorrow is going to be named
the Columbus Blue Jackets Power Play Specialist.
And that's what I love, that you didn't
obviously, you'd be throwing him underneath the bus by by saying that but like we don't like we don't care to be that that breaking
yeah i mean i was like that'll be out tomorrow we'll talk about it yeah i kind of react to things
not really like if you got if like like six flames guys got kills on a rookie party that's the type
of stories i want to break you know not saying that i use the flames as an example i don't want i don't want any of them the first thing that came to your head yes because, you know? Not saying that I use the Flames as an example. I don't want any of them.
It was just the first team that came to your head.
Yes, because they like to have a good time,
and they're fucking on a heater this year,
and that's just the reality of the situation
because partying has, to me, no correlation to losing,
and I don't know if you wanted to get into it.
I know we talked about it a little bit last night.
We were at the bar.
You had some very strong words regarding the Ferentz situation.
Yeah, I mean, listen, I got to Edmonton.
He was the captain.
I just didn't think he had to throw like the guys,
especially he's basically directing at the young guys there.
And I was in Tampa with Bugsy.
We had Marty, Vinny, Stammer, Hedman.
Like the year Boston won, like we were five minutes away from going to the finals.
Yeah, that was the 1-0 game.
Yeah, 1-0.
It was a great game.
And hats off to Boston.
They won.
But we went out, and we picked our spots, though.
It was a day off, and we were a night out on the road.
Marty's there.
Vinny's there.
This has been going on for 50 years.
You go out.
Everyone goes out.
The next day, you go to the spa, or you drink fucking 10 waters, and then you go to work the next day. You go out. Everyone goes out. Then the next day you go to the spa or you drink fucking 10 waters and then you go to
work the next day and sweat it out.
Like it's what we do the next night.
Exactly.
And in Edmonton, I got there and for one, it was hard then.
Like the team sucked.
Like I couldn't even go to the grocery store.
Like people would make fun of me.
Oh, yeah.
And like I was a pigeon on the team.
So like imagine if you're Halsey, you're like you were there, you know, like EBS and those
guys. It's like hard for them to go out. So imagine if you're Halsey, you were there, like Ebbs and those guys.
It's hard for them to go out.
So they would always play video games.
We'd have dinner parties, and we'd have drinks,
and then they'd go play video games.
So when Ferentz said that, I was like, come on, man.
For one, I got there too.
He shows up to the bike test, and he had his own bike shoes
and his own bike pedals.
And he does triathlons or marathons with the head coach of the team.
How many times have you ever seen that?
Well, we said that time that you could be a great team that goes out and parties
and still win a lot of games.
I mean, you guys were bad because the Oilers were bad.
I was there.
Yeah, I used this.
You were a guy that I said at the time, sorry,
I said at the time that him saying that is kind of ripping on anyone there.
If you look at the roster, oh, that guy, maybe he was partying too much,
and you're a guy that's like, I didn't do anything.
We were sitting around playing video games.
It's also different if you're the guy pulling the rope.
Let's say you have a Halsey- type season like we had last year with New Jersey
and then you're the one bitching about the issue with the culture I'm okay with that then I'm like
well if this guy was was was putting in the time and work and and leading this team like like and
I respect the career that Ference I do too and I like I like him great guy great person great work
ethic it's yeah it's just like I mean he wasn I mean, he wasn't that impactful, was he?
Was he a number four defenseman at the time?
I think when Boston won, he was like five or six, right?
Yeah.
With him and Cabriolet.
Was Wade Redden there too?
No.
No?
And I'm not taking anything away from him, as I just said.
He had a great career.
Oh, for sure.
And he was a gamer, man.
He fought when he had to.
He blocked shots.
But he's not like a Chera or a number one guy that he can...
Part of the thing, too, is I think that people forget is obviously you're making a lot of money and things are cool.
You're playing in the National Hockey League.
It's your dream job.
But it is very, very stressful.
If you lose two, three in in a row you're starting to feel
it you have a little bit of anxiety building up in your body when when i when we used to go for
beers half of the time i was doing it to be like oh like it just took me out of that reality for
for for the three four hours and you got to blow off and you would laugh so much with your team
i know that's a bad thing the whole time. Well, look at you guys now.
Like, we, well, me and Biz played together for a bit.
Me and you didn't play together.
No, no.
This is like why, this is why you play, like, the friendships and stuff after.
Well, and guys that I was playing with, I probably knew that, like, his daughter was going through something or his family member was going through that.
Whereas, like, I'm not saying you don't learn those types of things by going to the
rink and like being on a strict regimen but you get to know each other you learn a lot of shit
about when you're having beers with your teammates that you might not know and all of a sudden you
you know i'm i'm gonna block that shot not because it might give me a few extra bucks but because i
know it's really gonna make that fucking guy i respect sitting on the bench happy for sure and
and that is like those small little things add up and i mean we
some people may be like yeah you're just justifying it no that's that's how i genuinely felt about
that type of situation yeah and then even like when you get traded like you're still in the nhl
you're still making a ton of cash you're probably going to another place with just as good guys
but you're hurt because like you have all those friendships yeah you're like oh i'm still gonna
play 15 minutes or 17 minutes, whatever.
Maybe I'll play more.
But you're not with those guys that you talked about.
And you've got to meet all new guys.
I know, and you're so awkward.
Yeah, at the beginning.
But I'll give you a prime example.
So I was playing in Phoenix.
Our teams were awesome.
I had Yans, Donor, Acoin, Derek Morris.
We had all these cool personalities.
It was a little bit of an old school mentality still and then my time was up playing in the nhl and i was waiting
to get find a job finally a month into the season i got i signed with phoenix and i went down to
their ahl team on a pto and like not to take anything away from those guys in the locker room
i just didn't fit in and i felt felt it. And it was uncomfortable for me.
And you're talking about like,
I missed all those friendships that I had.
I was almost depressed because I didn't get to go to the rink.
And they're still together playing.
You're like, fuck.
But I wasn't even playing in Phoenix.
I didn't give a shit because I got to go to the rink
and have fun every day.
Because those were my friends.
With the shower with Keith.
I got to fucking shave my dick with a one-bick razor
because of Keith Yandel. And they fucking saw half my cock with a one-bick racer because of Keith Yandel.
And they fucking saw half my cock off.
Maybe I should have got the tip of it for once.
But luckily then I got released.
And then I was picked up by Manchester.
And then boom, it was right back.
I was back with my friends again.
I fell right in.
Like Sean Backman.
You know Sean Backman.
Vinny Laverde.
Andrew Botterchuk.
All these different guys.
Like Forbes, Derek Forbert, who you played with.
Like I'm friends with these guys for life.
Like, yeah, do we talk every day?
No, but.
Yeah, when you see each other, it's right back to those days.
That's like Steve Eminger for me.
We played together for just one year.
And you know what?
He lives in Boston.
It sucks we haven't seen each other.
He's got two kids now.
But I could see him
we'll go to dinner I bet you in the near future and it'll be like we were together every day
exactly quick you're just yeah it's just like you left practice it's nice now when you do have that
it's such a good relationship because it's exactly what it was like when you're playing together but
now you're like dude what's up in life like because we're playing together you know what
guys every day they're going through but now I haven't seen him in so long you catch up you're
interested to hear from guys that's why the golf
trips are so good that we go on so and and like we're basically wrapping up that ferentz discussion
and it's just like like i respect the way he did things because that's hard and he stayed
disciplined and handled his business the way he did but my mind and body needed those nights with
the boys and if i didn't have that, I would have went fucking crazy.
Yeah, it's good to get away.
You need to get away from it.
And that was our way.
So I wouldn't criticize his way of doing things,
but I expect my way to be not criticized at doing things.
Yeah, for sure.
Everyone's different.
And yeah, Ferentz had a family.
His wife is awesome.
His two little girls, they were into everything.
They were athletic, and they were always around.
But to go out and make fun of those young guys like that
and just to basically call everyone out but himself,
I was like, you don't have to do that.
It's so easy just to be quiet.
It kind of came out of nowhere.
You just said it's so easy.
Bill Guerin used to say,
I was told that Bill Guerin used to say this,
it's not that hard to be a good guy.
I know. It's not that hard to be a good guy. It's hard.
I know.
It's not that hard to be a good guy.
I know.
It's not that hard to say, like, thank you or hold the door for someone.
Or just not throw a bunch of jabs at guys once you retire.
Yeah.
It's pretty easy to know not to do that.
And, I mean, he's got his cup, and, like, he had a good career, made a bunch of cash.
Like, just be quiet, man.
Just sail into the sunset.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, speaking of sailing into the sunset, give me your day-to-day now like you were telling me yesterday a little bit but well let's talk about his oats job that's
what i'm saying i want to know like you know wake up i'm sure you talk to ot almost every day like
yeah we talk all the time like what's your what's your day-to-day now ot calls me like 15 times a
day he's like got a new drill like came up with something i'm like i know like you're a magician
like just leave me alone can i sleep in like he calls me like i can wake up it's like 457 text
message like the eastern time or uh west coast time i'm like oh it's yeah i was like i was either
a couple of things i was like just getting home or i haven't like woken up yet because it's monday
um and i had a sunday yeah but no he's awesome like i I wish I had him before because I'd probably still be playing.
But I'm learning so much more.
And at first I thought it was going to be awkward to go around to the guys
because some of the guys you played against.
You're like, I'm better than you?
Yeah, not even that.
Yeah, it's just like I remember we're going to Minnesota,
and I'm like, what's he like?
He's like, yeah, go take Zach Preze and do this drill.
I'm like, he makes 11 million, and he's a pretty good player,
and he's still playing, and he's older than me, and I suck.
So I'm like, but at the same time, now looking back,
I'm just another set of eyes for him, right?
Because I know his language, his diction, what he's talking about,
and I'm all like, hey, Zach, do this, because this is what I did.
He's like, oh, you're not playing anymore.
He's like, Teddy, you're done for a reason.
You're in Russia.
But Otzi just shows me what to do. So I'm like. He's like, Teddy, you're done for some reason. You're in Russia. Yeah.
But Oatsy just shows me what to do.
And I do some of the stuff too, so I understand it.
And then I'm just like, hey, this is like,
maybe try how Oatsy talked about it. And then they'll do it and they'll get it.
And it's like, you go in the summers
and then you work in the mornings.
And then you go out and do this.
You go for dinners.
You have wine with the boys and you travel around.
It's great.
Okay, so there's individual skill coaches in regards to like,
hey, I want to make my hands better,
so you just kind of stick your hand around pucks and stuff like that.
Or the pylons and stuff.
That's like, Oatsy calls it Instagram hands.
It's hilarious.
So what you're saying that he's like a genius at
is putting you in situations that you're going to find yourself in games and go over and over them again to where if you're being,
if you're seeing this,
you're doing this where basically you kind of become a bit of a robot.
Yeah,
for sure.
That situation,
some of the stuff is like,
is boring and it's not like some of the guys go out and they don't even wear
like helmets or like their top gear.
Cause you're not like skating around.
You're just kind of,
it's like very cerebral stuff.
So if you're like a forward or D wit, you left d yeah oh she's gonna throw 500 pucks in left
corner left corner wheel the net or stop in reverse and get it every way one hand with your
skate like how are you gonna get it without getting hit how can you get get the puck and pick your
head up like a half second quicker so you're not gonna get smoked and so you can make a play so
then they're like oh it's like it's efficient. So Witt looks faster.
You look faster because you're getting the puck away quicker.
Exactly, and you're making decisions quicker.
But hockey people are like, oh, Witt must have did more squats this summer, right?
He's faster.
He's quick twitch or whatever.
But it's only because he's processing it faster.
The puck is under control faster, and now you can make a play.
If you think the game fast fast there's definitely a part of
it where you don't have to be as fast exactly guys have made careers out of that okay well think about
it this way is like that there's some guys who are like athletically gifted right have no nature
and the minute their body starts deteriorating you're just like oh that person really fell off
yeah whereas if you have the mind for it you're you're gonna be able to last longer
well they like change their game like here's a prime example joe pavelski yeah joe joe pavelski
is a great example it's like over 30 every year not the best skater but he's smart yeah i think
he's got a good fucking 30 right now i know i think last year was his first off year in quite
a while and then right back this year he's lighting it yeah exactly joe pavelski is just
quickly he is the best at everything.
He's the best golfer.
Yeah, I heard that.
Best ping pong.
He's the guy who wins at everything.
But he's not the best skater, right?
Exactly.
Great call, and he just scores.
Yeah, and he's smart.
A prime example for me, I watch him play with the Coyotes, Stepon.
Like, Stepon's not that fast.
He never was, yeah.
He's a very, very intelligent two-way hockey player
who you're like, ah, you know, he's not that fat.
Every year, over 50 points.
Yeah, consistent, right?
Every year.
And to me, he's a perfect second-line center.
I mean, yeah, just a prime example of the mind over body.
So in the summer then with OT, it's so different.
Because in the summer, you're going to be on the ice.
I know.
So summer, like, travel more. Yeah. Which is fine. I mean, you live in the summer. with OT, it's so different. Because in the summer, you're going to be on the ice. I know. So summer, like, travel more.
Yeah.
Which is fine.
You live in the summer.
I know.
Yeah.
I'm here all the time, so it's not a big deal.
Not a big deal.
Yeah, but the summer, you travel around.
But it's not like I'm going to Moose Jaw to watch a Western Hockey League game,
like renting a car and driving on some shit road.
I'm going to Boston boston new york
toronto florida out here like guys come skate out here all the time in the summer so it's great and
and me and otz get along good and he's he's he's classic yeah i love how you said he's just like
non-stop like chirping and stuff yeah like he calls me like comes up with a new drill he's
oh i'm gonna do this one i'm relax. I just got out of yoga.
Let me breathe for a second.
Teddy, so you're doing a little bit of content work with LA Kings.
I think today they played St. Louis, so that's when we're recording the interview.
That was their 50th game of the season.
They've given up the first goal in hockey games, 43 of those 50 games.
What is going on with LA Kings?
I didn't know that.
What's going on with them i don't know man i
feel bad just because i play i don't care that i played there like but i love the guys yeah exactly
i want the guys to win same with you and like now you know how it is we've all been on bad teams like
so many rumors and like they know what your buddy's getting traded and people just start
getting shriveled dude i know guys making money and your team stinks you're gonna just start
getting ripped.
Yeah.
I have no idea what's going on.
No idea.
I know their power play and PKs stink, but to give up the goal 43 times, the boys are snoozing.
That means like  and you know, it's not the biggest deal when you go down 1-0, but if it happens, 43 or 50 games.
Yeah, you're basically playing from behind every game.
So now we need two minimum to win.
And they can't score.
I saw the stat, and I'm like, okay, this has to be a mistake.
Like, you can't even try.
I bet you an AHL team from the start of the year
could score the first goal more than eight times in the first 50 games.
I know.
Like, come on.
But they ended up winning against St. Louis.
Oh, they did?
Tough loss for St. Louis today. A quickie. Boy, should on. Yeah. But they ended up winning against St. Louis. Oh, they did? Tough loss for St. Louis today.
It is.
Hey, Quickie.
Boy, you should have came out with this.
Quick moves into fourth wing.
Fourth.
Jesus Christ.
Let me start this one over.
Quick moves into fourth and wins among U.S.-born goalies.
Kings top lose.
So it was a 4-3 victory.
Can you imagine if they didn't have Quickie, too?
Oh.
Well, I'll tell you what.
That Peterson kid's pretty good, apparently.
Yeah, he's going to be good.
He's going to be.
Yeah. But nonetheless, to have a starter yeah he's a great guy huh yeah he's awesome he's like just like the most like
laid back dude yeah so laid back but you but then when you like you play with him in practice like
you think because he's so laid back but he never gives up on a puck either like even like in
practice like competitive yeah like the, the rebound's coming in.
The rebound, you're just going to slide it in.
Flurry's like that.
Quickie's diving back.
You're like, get out of here.
Let me score.
I haven't scored in two months.
Let me score in practice.
It's a mentality.
No pucks are going in.
I don't even care if they're shooting it from the side.
I don't care.
I know.
That's beautiful.
What else do you want to talk about, Teddy?
What else do you got going on in your life?
You got a girlfriend?
Yeah, I'm seeing someone
Ooh
We'll leave it at that
Private life
I don't want to talk about private
We're talking about hockey
And living on the left coast
Hey, did you see the kid at the KHL All-Star Game singing?
Yeah, I did
That was a pimp move
I actually, I worked out
I used to work out with him in the summer in Toronto
Oh, really?
Yeah, he's a good kid
Like, Luminaire's too
It was like one of my favorite bands.
I was fired up watching that.
Did you know he could jam like that?
I didn't.
Hey, so my buddy Tyson Berry hangs out with the lead singer of the Lumineers.
Really?
I think he lives in Colorado.
Yeah, they are.
Uppy's a big Lumineer.
Uppy's a big Lumineer.
Oh, Uppy's walking down the stairs.
Uppy's a big Lumineer.
Speaking of good-looking cats.
Seriously.
We're going to interview him next.
People are going to be drooling for this one,
but the Teddy interview is probably going to drop first.
Teddy, are the fans going to see Biz wrenching his nuts the whole time?
We did something at Barstool's headquarters a while back.
He had his shirt up to here.
He was scratching his chest hair the whole time.
I don't mind the chest hair, but is he going to shake someone's hand with it?
I don't care.
I just like having my hands on my pants.
He's just throwing himself around the room right now on the couch.
It's just like a little comfort thing, especially during interviews.
I feel homey and comfortable.
Have you been buzzing on Raya out here?
No, I haven't been doing much Raya because we're working right now.
Oh, okay.
Oh, we're working, really.
We're working so hard.
You have to stay off Raya, Raya, whatever it is.
His nose is touching me right now.
We're eight feet away.
No, Raya is a fun thing to look at,
but it's tough to wheel off of it.
Really?
Well, at least for me, anyway.
Teddy's like, oh, you're the guy.
I got square wheels.
You got struggles.
All right.
Should we wrap up?
Yeah, we're going to wrap up.
Teddy, thanks for joining us. We're going to have you on in a month. Well, Teddy's going to be on the bus with us, too. Oh, yeah, that's right. Should we wrap up? Yeah, we're going to wrap up. Teddy, thanks for joining us.
We're going to have you on in like a month.
Well, Teddy's going to be on the bus with us too.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
We got a lot of shit to talk about.
A little content going.
Love it.
Thanks, boys.
That interview was also brought to you by Capterra.
Do you remember 1999?
We're officially 20 years past that.
So if you're no longer partying like it's 1999,
why does the software you use every day at work feel like it's not quite ready for Y2K? Stop the air off on the right foot and find software.
That's, well, a little more up to date on capterra.com. Capterra is the leading free
online resource to help you find the best software solution for your business. With over 700,000
reviews of products from real software users, discover everything you need to make an
informed decision. Search more than 700 specific categories of software, everything from project
management to email marketing to yoga studio management software. No matter what kind of
software your business needs, Capterra makes it easy to discover the right solution fast.
Join the millions of people who use Capterra every month to find the right tools for their business.
Join the millions of people who use Capterra every month to find the right tools for their business.
Visit Capterra.com slash chiclets for free today to find the right tools to make 2019 the year for your business.
Capterra.com slash chiclets.
Capterra. That's C-A-P-T-E-R-R-A dot com slash chiclets.
Big thanks once again to Teddy Purcell.
He was huge all week for us,
obviously getting some interviews for us.
He's an entertaining character, and a big thanks to him for joining us
for as long as he did.
A couple of notes around the league.
19-year-old defenseman Quinn Hughes
left the University of Michigan after two seasons
and signed the standard three-year
entry-level contract with Vancouver on Sunday.
Hughes, of course, was taken seventh overall by the Canucks
at last year's draft.
He led the Michigan Wolverines in scoring as a defenseman
with 33 points in 32 games this past season.
He had 62 points in 69 collegiate games.
Nice.
When he gets into the lineup, it's actually going to be a mystery
because he did take a puck off his right boot,
blocking a shot Friday night in the college playoffs. But Travis Green, head coach, said once he's ready to be a mystery because he did take a puck off his right boot, blocking a shot Friday night in the college playoffs.
But Travis Green, head coach, said once he's ready to go,
he'll be sporting the killer wheel for the first time.
What do you know about this youngster?
Oh, a kid can motor.
I think he's just going to be a treat to watch out there.
He can skate as well as, you know, a lot of players playing in the NHL.
So he'll be a very good player, I think.
You know, it might take him a little bit,
but I think you've seen more often than not.
These guys can just hop in and play right away.
You remember when McAvoy came in after his season in the playoffs,
how great he was. So this kid's got the same type resume leading up to his NHL,
you know, the beginning of his NHL career. So good luck to him. American boy.
How are you brother? Jack Hughes would be probably the first overall pick.
Also around the league.
I want to mention that in the last
25 years, there's been two players that have recorded 100 plus points in three straight
seasons. When Connor McDavid gets two more points, he will be the third. Do you guys want to give a
couple guesses as to the other two artists? Since 1994, 100 plus points. That guy went,
coming at you, 100 points or more, three straight That guy went. Coming at you.
100 points or more, three straight years since 1994.
Who do you have as the other two?
Sid and Joe?
Nope.
Nope.
Biz, you get a guess, and then I'll tell you.
Oh, fuck.
Damn, this is a good question.
I'm trying to go through my head here. Ovechkin?chkin is one ovechkin is that's 2007 to 2010 alexander ovechkin the other one i don't
think you guys will ever get i don't think you'll ever get i couldn't i wasn't i was i was shocked
that i didn't think of him because how filthy he was. But good old Jeremy Roenick, boys.
Oh, wow.
91 to 94.
Holy shit.
Bing, bang, boom.
Thanks for coming, JR.
Absolute stick on the golf course, too.
And he can pull a prank if you've listened to our show.
Wow.
I would have never guessed that.
Sega 94 God as well.
That guy wits back.
I'm going to make Gretzky's head bleed.
Speaking of stats.
Nikita Kucherov, he set the team record for points in a season with 109.
He said a few games ago, still had 13 games to add to it.
He's on 130-point pace.
The best so far this century has been Joe Thornton's 125 points back in the 05-06 season
when he was traded for a couple of pennies on the dollar,
if we all remember. LeCavalier, he had a 52-goal, 56-assist performance in the 06-07 season. That
was the record Kucherov broke. He actually released a statement through the team, which I
thought was pretty classy. He said, Kuch is an unbelievable player. He's so dominant and talented
that it's no wonder he broke my lightning record for most points in the season. I'd like to personally congratulate
Nikita for the accomplishment and wish
him and the team further success as they approach the playoffs.
I thought that was a nice little note that he
didn't have to do so. Kuch is fucking
rolling, boys. It's nuts. The guy
is on a team that's breaking records,
just dominating, and the funny
race right now for the Lightning, you know what they got
as a race? Who's going to have more
points, the Lightning or Kucherov?
Because he's got 110,
he's got 111, and the Lightning have 110.
So you know you've had a season
when your team's the best goddamn
team in the league, and you
have as many points as your own club.
And
speaking of that, are you going to
dummy off that stat about them clinching?
I was, yeah. Did I say a thunderbiss?
No, go ahead.
Leighton needed 68 games to clinch a playoff berth,
tying the 08-09 Sharks for the second fastest checkmark in the cap era.
The 2009-2010 Capitals did it in 67 games.
But, you know, care for what you wish for.
Sharks and Caps both lost in the first round in those seasons.
So, you know, Leight you wish for. Shoxy and Caps both lost in the first round in those seasons. So, you know, Lightning haven't done anything yet.
Hey, guys, real quick, I just want to talk to you for a second about Roman Swipes.
You know, guys, you know, every time it happens once in a while,
you pop your shot a little quicker than you meant to.
Every guy wants to last longer.
You know, thinking about baseball or Wayne Gretzky stats
or the Pledge of Allegiance backwards in the back of your head doesn't always work.
But the folks at Roman, an online men's health company, are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer, better sex. Roman Swipes are convenient, over-the-counter
wipes that are clinically proven to help you last longer. They're effective, doctor-approved, easy
to use, and fast acting. Sounds too good to be true, right? Well, swipes are the real deal.
Studies have shown up to a 340 increase in stamina after three months of regular use.
Guys, if you want to keep your partner happy, get the Roman Swipes.
They'll ship to you in a discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet right next to your Jimmy.
What makes swipes better than all those creams and foams out there
is the desensitizing effect will not transfer to your partner or numb you.
And they're super easy to use.
Just take the swipes out of the packet, wipe it on your most sensitive areas, and wait
a few minutes.
That's it.
Keep Roman swipes in your back pocket for a longer, better sex and get yours fast with
free two-day shipping by visiting GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets. That's getroman.com slash chicklets.
Boys, I guess this story shouldn't be too much of a surprise for a league that shares the same
name as the league in Slapshot. On Sunday, Robbie Nichols, who owns the Elmira Enforcers of the
Federal Hockey League, stood in the way of the ref as the officials were leaving the ice after
the first period versus the Carolina Thunderbirds. He basically was making a collision inevitable.
The ref had to like walk, bump into him to get by him. But the ref appears to kind of rock backwards.
They do collide. There's a little kerfuffle after before the officials get away from them.
They suspended the game. The referee in chief who basically does the scheduling of all the refs,
he quit. He's fed up with the league.
He said, I've been with the FHL since its first season.
I battled with the league on multiple occasions on the safety of officiating staff.
Today was the last draw.
I cannot in good conscience continue in my role as a supervisor.
This guy, Nichols, he gave an interview to the local media.
He sounds like a real piece of work.
He wanted to ask the ref how he could still call it a goal.
And his quotes are actually said,
the ref chest bumped me. I mean, you could watch the video. He said, the linesman gave me a double fist push to my chest. And he said, it was, quote, not really a big thing. I thought the game was
going to continue. The refs thought their life was threatened. And he asked for police court
out of the building. I mean, he was laughing about it when he gave the interview. So meanwhile,
the feds are still investigating it. Well, the Federal Hockey League investigators are still looking at the matter. They haven't punished him
yet, but it is pending. Boys, I don't know if I've ever seen an owner attack an official on
any level before. Have you guys? No, that's nuts. That's a crazy story. I mean, when your team's
called the Thunderbirds and it's the FHL, I mean, this makes a lot of sense. This kind of fits into
the narrative, I think, of the league.
Quick little backstory. It was Gino Binda, right?
Eugene Binda was the name of the
referee and chief.
Local guy. I think they're from South Boston.
His son, actually. I played against his son
growing up.
Gino Binda Sr.
I will never forgive you, Gino,
if you're hearing this.
My junior year at Thayer Academy, I'm a frigging stud on the Thayer Academy Tigers. We're playing against Lawrence Academy.
Tony Vose, who went to BC, ended up being a stud in college.
He was an unreal hockey and football player at Lawrence Academy.
Big matchup, Thayer versus Lawrence.
I pushed Vose, who is notorious for drawing penalties and diving.
That's why he went to BC. Sorry, Tony. You know it's true. I push Vose, who is notorious for drawing penalties and diving. That's why I went to BC.
Sorry, Tony. You know it's true. I push him barely from behind. He throws his hands up in the air
four minutes into the game at the Iceplex or whatever it's fucking called in Canton.
My dad wasn't even there yet. Biggest game of the year. Gino Benda kicks me out of the game
for hitting from behind. We go on to lose. You know how we lost tony vose walking a buddy of mine
calling green all sorry greens you did get walked he then got screamed at by the coach you were a
hell of a player though he walks green hall to score in overtime as i'm in the corner he's
celebrating it fucking gino been the senior can't fucking believe that still kick me out for nothing
i mean i don't know how to follow that up with the only time i know about a ref and an
owner getting into it is that story i told about in russia and it was actually the owner that was
uh on the team that reed simpson played for the guy who owned all the guns and shit and his his
team was like full of goons right and uh one game you know the ref was just calling all the penalties
on them probably what she should have been because they were just goons running around.
And he came down during the period, and he said,
if you fucking call one more penalty, I'm going to kidnap your family.
And apparently the goon squad was just running around being idiots,
and the ref didn't call one more penalty the rest of the game.
Jesus.
And this guy Nichols, too, he gave an apology, and he said,
we didn't want this to happen we
apologize like we buddy what are you pregnant you're the only guy who fucking hit the referee
nobody else did anything it's not like a collective apology and uh the most stunning thing biz when i
researched this story there's that uh my college town actually had a team in the federal league
a few for one season there was the berkshire battalion um they played in north adams mass
which is my home arena for my intramural team,
which is fucking hilarious.
And shockingly, they won the title, and R.A. was somehow in the goddamn locker room.
Yeah, I was there, boys.
It was crazy.
Yeah, I actually got kicked out later on.
It was like Chelios Jr.
They needed someone to sign out a keg for them.
Speaking of funny shit, have you guys seen this Ryan Getzloffloff bobblehead oh my god no it's incredible describe it all right dude it's
hilarious half of the bobblehead wits is from his draft night when he's got nice flow flowing main
with the uh the old school ducks jersey and the other half is him today so it's bald and no way third ducks jersey so they have the jerseys like
it's legit split in half like you know when they get the when a parent has a jerk like a kid on
each team and they get a jersey like half and half it's like that but the best part is his head is
bald on one side and it's like fucking flowing mane on the other funniest man you know because
you know gets is given like, fucking I don't care.
Do it because that's just classic.
I got to see that.
I'm Googling that one up right now.
Well, I'm going to send you a picture right now.
Oh, we got to get Getz on here someday.
I think he's a retirement guy, Biz.
Someday when he retires, I think Getz comes on, you think?
Absolutely.
I think he'd be more into it when he's done playing a couple years down the line
than he would be right now.
Yeah, he'll come on.
He actually said he would come on,
and then we just were never able to coordinate a time.
But there's a few other things to mention in the hockey world
before we wrap things up.
I got a couple of silly facts, Biz.
I knew you were asking for last episode.
A couple of R.A. facts.
Before I get into R.A.'s facts,
I just want to talk to you about Tommy John for a second.
The most comfortable underwear around, guarantee, right now.
I've had half a dozen pairs for a few years now.
They're outstanding.
When men and women upgrade from their tattered, outdated, multi-pack underwear to Tommy John,
the most comfortable on the planet, they have lots to say about it.
Like myself, man, I will never wear anything else other than Tommy John again.
It's a no-wedgie guarantee, comfortable stay-put waistbands,
a range of fabrics that are luxuriously soft and designed to move with you.
Plus, Tommy John has dress shirts and undershirts that always stay tucked,
ridiculously soft loungewear, and go-anywhere apparel that's versatile enough
to go from boardroom to boxing class.
And for our lady listeners, the new Air Collection is made from quick-drying,
anti-microbial fabric with seamless bonded edges that offer no
visible panty line guarantee. Tommy John is so sure you're going to love the fit and feel that
it's all backed by their best pair you'll ever wear or its free guarantee. That means if you
don't love your first pair, you'll get a full refund. Tommy John, no adjustment needed.
Hire me to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets now and get 20 off your first order. That's
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off. TommyJohn.com slash chicklets. Do you want to hear
them? Sure. All right. The NHL Hurricanes franchise earned their first road win against the Avalanche
franchise in regulation in 25 years. The last time it happened, the Hartford Whalers defeated the Quebec Nordiques
back on February 1st, 1994.
So it took that long for that franchise to beat the other franchise.
Obviously, they both moved cities in the meantime.
Another interesting start.
The most shorthanded goal since the start of the 13-14 season.
St. Louis Blues have 24.
Washington Capitals have 25. Red Wings. St. Louis Blues have 24. Washington Capitals have 25.
Red Wings have 25.
Flyers have 25.
You know why that is?
Why?
That's because so many units have four forwards now,
and forwards don't know what they're doing when they end up having to
actually play deep.
Wow, that's a great point.
If it ends up somehow being a two-on-two rush and one of them's a forward,
you're like, all right, go to that side.
And I think that's why we're seeing more shorthanded goals.
Thanks, Whit.
I'll use your brain, NHL network analyst.
So like I said, Philly, Detroit, and the Capitals all have 25 shorties
since the start of the 13-14 season.
Well, Bergeron and Marchand combined have 26.
So those two combined have more goals
than those four franchises,
which is a freaky number. Also,
Marchand became the sixth player in B's history
to have four consecutive seasons with at least
30 goals. It's a pretty significant thing
to do for an old franchise. And also,
Biz, this one's for you. Most wins
among goaltenders since the start of February.
Number one, Dossie Kemper.
12 wins tied with Vassie.
I can't believe Biz hasn't even mentioned that.
We're talking right now with the Arizona Coyotes in the playoffs, boys.
I know.
I know.
I mention them every podcast.
And with that win on Tuesday, a big bounce-back game.
They got smoked by Chicago on Monday.
Then they had to go into St. Louis.
I mean, Tarasenko is not in the lineup of course that's a big uh
a big hurt for st louis but uh a big 3-1 victory and darcy kemper has been playing out of his mind
it would have been nice to see him get the shutout but whatever and uh yeah coyotes are in a wild
card position uh one more funny story before we finish off the podcast so we had we just had our
boy yans on and unfortunately he texts us after we dropped
the episode um about uh a player on their team named dryden hunt who got called up he ends up
scoring his first ever nhl goal and so he scores the goal and yans goes over to the pile and is
like oh dude they're gonna call it back for offside and he's like he said he could just see
the kid's heart sink.
He was so fucking rattled because it took him 22 games to get his first goal or 21 or whatever it was at the time.
Sorry, man.
And then Jans is just fucking with you, buddy.
And the whole fucking pile erupted laughing.
And he was like  he obviously was a good sport about it.
So, man, Jans  is anyone having more fun than Yans on, on the ice and the NHL right now?
No,
no,
he has a blast.
I mean,
if he's sonking you in the game,
you know,
you're getting,
you get,
if you're getting songed,
you know,
the other guys having fun.
I feel bad too.
We didn't like,
how does he not get mentioned when we're talking about the most
underrated players in the NHL,
the season he's at,
nobody ever talks about him.
Granted,
Florida is not good,
but what a player.
Hey Kino,
hey Kinoeno you like that
all right boys uh that wraps up another fun uh episode lots of good stuff to talk about looking
forward to some games this weekend so we'll have plenty more to discuss on sunday hey biz
yes we will we're gonna have my my lady friend who's uh ex-boyfriend issued me the death threat
on that's gonna be very entertaining nice we'll ask her some in-depth questions of what he's got
going on with his life maybe he's in uh he's in a some in-depth questions of what he's got going on with his life.
Maybe he's in a jail in the middle of nowhere.
Maybe he's actually turned things around.
Could be in a hole in the desert.
Who knows?
Who knows?
And, R.A., you sounded unbelievable today.
You know, obviously no booze and edibles in you,
so maybe keep up with that and keep the sober streak going.
Yeah.
Once again, final thanks to Budweiser Canada for everything they've done for us new amsterdam vodka those are our two alcohol sponsors who have been uh very gracious
giving us a lot of opportunities in order to advance this podcast so we'd appreciate if you
guys maybe thank them as well maybe go on twitter uh maybe go on instagram do what you got to do
but thank you guys for listening and we hope you're happy with all the content we were able to push out
for the West Coast Wagon Tour.
We will see you Monday.
Call yourself a Pink Whitney and have a great weekend.
Can't find a family.
Can't find a family. She loves him
She don't want to leave this way
She beats him
