Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 159 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by New Amsterdam Vodka on this lovely St. Patrick's Day.
Let's go around the table and say hello to the lads.
Mike Iguarnelli, producer, what's up, brother? You look like you had a few pups last night down in Manhattan.
The bottles of Caymus are on the way, boys.
No, he didn't get laid. That's a week. Damn it. You were confident.
I was very confident. Let's hear the story. Any close calls?
I mean, a bunch of close calls. I was sucking face with everyone at the bar, but I mean, that's not
what the bet was here.
The bet was to get a kill, which I did not.
So I'm very disappointed in myself.
I might release a statement later this week, but I'm upset,
and I will be better going forward, I promise.
I feel like you should owe us another meal, too,
for just mugging it up in bars, too.
Daring to see PDA in?
Oh, I mean...
Is that in?
Is that in again?
Or did that never leave?
St. Patrick's Day.
It's St. Patrick's Day in New York City.
It's my first St. Patrick's Day in New York City.
I got to experience it for the first time.
So I was enjoying myself.
And I was trying to win this fucking bet.
I really didn't want to lose.
So I'll be better, boys.
I promise.
All right.
Next up, I'll post my Paul Bizul biz nasty bisonette out in the
desert happy saint patrick's day to you buddy yeah boys um yeah i really got nothing here
kite has been playing a lot at home so just been working games so uh not many fun crazy stories
although i will be going to see post malone tonight in uh in phoenix with i'm going to bring
my buddy taylor pyatt and uh big thanks to joe
siola my my pal listens to the podcast all the time he's the one who got his tickets because
he works with a company here called sedona water so shout out to them and excited for that promo
code biz 20 uh last but not least uh buddy he's on vacation right now orion whitney happy saint
patrick's day tell the listeners where you are right now hey boys how are you it's great to be
talking to you fellas.
And listen, Grinnelli, it's tough to hear that going on.
I almost feel like you've got to start questioning your kissing skills
if you're mugging it up with all these girls
and none of them want to go to the next step.
So that could be a question mark for you.
Biz, Coyotes, tough loss last night.
I had them heavy.
Obviously, they ended up losing.
Connor McDavid, Jesus, what a shot.
Yeah, I'm down in Turks. Turks and
Caicos, boys. Never been here. I don't know if you can see
the background right now. It's beautiful.
I'm talking just bright
blue ocean. It's amazing.
My mom's down here, so she's watching Ryder.
It's not going to be just running around,
chasing the kids so you have some help. It's not
vacation unless you have some help.
Sorry, what, this? How's that work like does your mom stay in a different room no i have this monster
suite it's a two-bedroom suite it's like 3 000 square feet i can't even hear hey mom hey mom
she can't even hear me she can't even hear me so it's incredible to think and then rider's sleeping
we actually got his crib in a closet there There's only two bedrooms, not three.
So he's shutting it down, but it's a pleasure.
And I work hard and I grind.
And those drives to Secaucus and those drives on 95 and dealing with traffic
and dealing with everything else in life,
it's sometimes you deserve the greater things in life.
And life isn't worth living without vacation.
And 1,000 a night hotel rooms.
Yeah, times six.
Come on, that's 6,000 a night hotel rooms yeah times six is it is it pretty like come on that's 6k a night no no no it's not that bad i'm just oh my i haven't had a vacation in
fucking two years man i need one but uh i know you do you it's meant it's more mentally relaxing
than anything because i'll tell you i i'm very thankful this this job that we we've kind of put
together in this podcast to be able to do this from anywhere, that's kind of a huge gift in life,
to be able to do your job from anywhere.
I mean, that's why I think being an author is one of the most incredible
occupations you could have as a person.
You could do it from anywhere.
And so to be able to do this, talk some hockey,
and get into some current happenings around the league
while sitting here with the goddamn ocean behind me
and a lager from Turks and Caicos in my hand.
This is pure living.
Is it still pretty like chill down there as far as like crowd wise?
It's not like,
it's really,
it's uptight.
It's not chill at all.
You seeing what's behind me?
No,
no.
I mean,
it's not like,
there's not like a spring break crowd that comes in,
like misbehaves.
It's like a pretty relaxing.
There might be,
I saw a couple of party goers in the airport.
No, you know, a different part of me maybe would love to be a part of that. But I think right now where I'm at, Relaxing place. There might be. I saw a couple party goers in the airport.
You know, a different part of me maybe would love to be a part of that,
but I think right now where I'm at, nobody's  no spring breakers are going to be hanging out at this place.
It's a little above their tax bracket.
Yeah, definitely.
What did you guys get into for St. Paddy's Day?
Listen, I woke up  you know what I did, guys?
It's Sunday, so I woke up.
I said, I got Ryder.
I'll take Ryder for the beginning.
We went down to the pool, had a little breakfast breakfast nice little buffet on the beach and I just hang out
with him you know what I said I'll I'm gonna record the podcast and then I'll see you at dinner
I'm gonna record from one to three and dinner's at eight uh just those five hours is Ryan time
Ryan time on the beach with the players championship third round I got a fourth round
sorry the final round I got a bunch of action on some certain guys winning.
They're in the mix. You're looking at Rory, looking at Fleetwood.
I got my five hours after there. That's my
time, and I think I'm going to be
well...
I deserved it.
Oh, shit. You're just reminding me. I got a bunch of golfers,
too. I got to check that score. As far as St. Paddy's
Day biz, I'm a wash man. I'm an old
guy. I leave salty. I don't even hang around for the
parade anymore. It's a young man's game, i beat feet i got nothing and i'm very ashamed of
that i got into nothing well some some of us have to work and uh speaking of saint patty's day we
have a very special guest on and steve parsons will be joining us he's not exactly a household
name never got any nhl games but this guy is warrior, and he is part of that St. Patrick's Day massacre
that occurred when the Wilkes-Barre Scranton Penguins
and Syracuse Crunch faced off 17 years ago.
And it was on a Sunday as well and on St. Patrick's Day.
So we got him on, unbelievable storyteller.
Whit, you know him a little bit because your buddy played with him.
Yeah, Brendan Walsh, who's now a police officer in the city of Boston he had a you know quite a long pro career
and him and Pars were teammates in Wilkes-Barre so he had a bunch of stories that he talked to
me about and Walsh is going to come on this at some point come on and join us on Chicklets but
it was a blast and because I liked how you said at the beginning not a household name but for
everyone you're not really a true fan of Spitting Chickens,
I think, if you judge right away the interview by the name
because there's a lot of guys you may not know that have some hilarious stories,
and I thought Pars was great in terms of just being a storyteller
and having a lot of funny things to look back on and tell us about.
And, of course, I promised everyone I found the dancer that I told the story about how her ex-boyfriend issued me a death threat via voicemail.
For those of you who don't know the backstory, I ended up getting with a stripper.
And I didn't know she was kind of seeing a guy at the time.
He ended up finding out and left me a pretty nasty voicemail.
And we're going to play the voicemail again for those of you who missed it so looking forward to sharing that with you later but
in the meantime let's get to some hockey talk all right absolutely and as far as Steve Parsons he
might not be a household name today but when he's trending on hockey database tomorrow might be a
different story we'll check let's bump yeah all nice stuff saturday night uh it's pretty interesting conor
mcgregor renowned uh mma fighter also a boxer as well he was in boston for saint patty's day
uh and he handled the pre-game ceremonial face-off duties uh between the bruins and columbus and boy
was he fucking jacked up man i mean he'd come out he was high-fiving everybody he was exhorting the
crowd to get up in their feet uh he dropped the puck he almost he walked away from chara in the
boone jenna he didn't realize like part of the procedure is to shake the guy's hands.
He also gave the Bruins a pump-up speech before, chanting Boston strong.
But he did commit a bit of a faux pas in that locker room.
I don't think anybody wanted to call him out because he's Conor McGregor.
But he did step on the spoke B in the locker room, kind of like Justin Bieber did.
That's a big no-no.
But I thought Wood sealed the night.
Brad Marchand, overtime game,
and he does the wrist wiggle, patented
Conor McGregor walk, was just a fantastic
cap on the night, Biz. You must have caught it, right?
Man, bring back Budweiser
Canada's Selly season, because that's
the best one I've seen all year. How fitting
that Marchand probably had that cocked and
loaded if he was going to score in the game
or obviously in overtime
to pull that off. And I tell you what, I don't know how some of you feel about Brad Marchand. I think he's to score in the game or obviously in overtime to pull that off.
And I tell you what, I don't know how some of you feel about Brad Marchand.
I think he's so good for the game.
Not only is he a fucking hardworking player,
he backs up everything that he says.
He irritates guys.
He's a soundbite specialist.
Now he's active on Twitter more so lately.
And he started an Instagram too.
So I tell you what, he's fun for the game.
I don't know how Don Cherry is going to react to that McGregor strut wit,
but I loved every minute of it, and he's been a great entertaining player this year.
Marshawn's Canadian.
Don Cherry will love it.
He'll be eating it up on next Saturday night, but I think that it was awesome.
I think when McGregor went in the locker room and was
like, Boston's strong, it was a little
cringeworthy to me. I know maybe
people don't agree with that. I don't know. It was just kind
of awkward, but then when he said the line of
I think is, who's the toughest one in here?
And then you're all the toughest one or something
along that line. It made it a little bit better,
but funny that he knew nothing about
what happens after you drop the puck
like you said already, the handshakes.
He doesn't know.
He's never watched hockey, but that guy is an absolute showman.
It's funny.
Like, I don't know how he has that much energy.
You wonder, is he on wolf?
Probably not.
I think he's just a complete savage.
I think he just knows what he's doing.
He's selling that whiskey now, too.
It's actually a funny story about Conor McGregor.
There's a kid from the South Boston,
actually Joe Carr. And I know him, you know, well enough to say hello. We don't, we're not,
you know, really close friends, but I do know him a little bit. He now runs the, the world surfing league. But back in the day he ended up, uh, he was running like UFC Europe. He
was the head of UFC Europe. And there was an Irish fighter that was coming up in the scene in the UFC
and obviously not McGregor. And, and Joe Carr was talking about him before a fight you know doing
his job in terms of pumping him up getting him trying to fire him up to the people get people
into the fight and he said that this Irish fighter maybe embodied the Irish people a little bit more
because he was modest and hard-working and Conor McGregor saw this and ended up sending texts to Joe Carr's boss at UFC at the time.
Who the fuck is Joe Carr?
I'm going to see him.
I'm going to break him in half.
He ended up sending him DMs too.
I'll fucking kill you.
So it was funny to know this kid from Boston was getting threatened
for calling someone more Irish than Conor McGregor.
Yeah, it was pretty funny stuff,
and who the hell is going to challenge him in the locker room?
Do it.
He'd fucking tear your head off in about two seconds.
So pretty good stuff.
You don't think Chara would dummy him?
Oh, I tell me.
I mean, I think McGregor is like a buck 60.
I think if Chara is in like a bar and McGregor comes at him, he's he's going to kill McGregor.
But well, I think if they play by MMA rules, I don't know, because, you know, he can do
one of those crazy moves that, you know moves that a hockey fighter might not have.
So this might be a touchy subject,
but I was arguing with a buddy before Ronda Rousey lost to Holmes.
Was that her name?
I'm not sure.
That was like the first time she'd lost.
She got dummied.
Yeah, I remember that.
Some people called it.
And my buddy said that
ronda rousey could could beat me up and i'm like listen i respect and it's it's not a good subject
to have a guy and a girl fighting right and i'm like listen it's a little different when she's
involved right a life and death situation if we're not in the octagon there's no way that that that's
happening like i'm not going down to to to a's  I think she's what, a buck 20?
Dude, I think that you wouldn't, but there's a lot of guys who would.
Like I mean, yeah, but like I'm like, come on, man.
For breakfast, ricochet shot.
Yeah, at the time, well, fuck, you can't even get laid anymore.
But at the time, I was like 220 and still training for hockey like and you know
i'm getting in fight with guys my size like i get that she could put me in an arm bar but even then
like is she strong enough to like like to like just like grab my arm and do that once again not
a good conversation to have a guy fighting a girl but like life and death situation man like
outside of the octagon when you're dealing with a guy Char's size compared to McGregor, I think Char is winning every time.
Yeah, like I said, I think it would all depend on the rules, man,
when you can do that.
There are no rules.
Life or death, fucking ball, baby.
Nice.
There we go.
Dude, that was one of the craziest goals I've ever seen in the AHL
the other night.
Joel Hanley of the Texas Stars scored it.
He would come over the red line, just kind of fight it in,
kind of hoping the puck would sort of rim around the boards.
It hit the boards.
It jetted right back out into, like, past the goal line,
and it took a left turn.
It had so much English on the puck that it actually took a left turn
into the net.
Manitoba Moose goalie Eric Connery, he could really do nothing about it.
He'd only look on in disbelief.
He didn't misplay it.
He didn't do nothing wrong.
But I wanted to ask you, Whit, have you ever seen a goal, like,
on that much of a fluky bounce where it literally begs you turn into the net
no i can't remember being in a game i mean i saw a game you know the famous story about
sebastian caron and mark bergman telling him it was frozen water swimming around i've told that
he actually led in one against washington milanichina through like a high just flip shot into the neutral zone that somehow rolled ended up rolling in it was like
end over end that was the craziest goal I've ever seen that wasn't a bad bounce that was just bad
goal pending I don't remember one off the stanchion that ends up in it anytime I played
yeah no I can't think of any crazy goals off the top of my head maybe some of our followers will
send us some videos in.
But, yeah, that's a tough one.
That's actually Comrie's brother, correct?
Yeah.
Mike Comrie's brother who plays net for the Manitoba Moose.
I'll tell you what, that's a goal that goes in and you end up like you're on a minus streak
and you're on for that one.
You're like, this is when you know it's never getting better.
You're ice cold.
You can't get a point. You're minus. Then that one goes in, gives you minus. You're ice cold. You can't get a point.
You're minus.
Then that one goes in, gives you a minus.
You're like, fuck this game.
Eric, did they call him Little Brick Biz?
I'm going to call him.
They didn't call him Brick, even though Wikipedia said they did.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, I don't know.
I like the joke.
I'm just like, I'm not going to fake a laugh for you right now.
That's quite all right.
I appreciate the honesty.
I appreciate it.
I appreciate it.
Thursday, Mitty Witts.
We had another blown empty netter, another sniper, too.
Tyler Sagan coming down wide open, absolute bunny of a layup to seal the game
and the puck line play.
What a one-up 4-1.
Not only did he miss the net, he shot it over the net into the crowd.
It's what is it with snipers this year, man?
This is like the third time a bonafide sniper had a wide-open net
and ganked it.
How do you shoot it over the net that close, though, Whit?
I mean, is that just
Well, the puck rolls off.
I mean, it's not like a  yeah, it's a bad play by him.
A lot of times it's just a bad bounce.
The worst one ever was Craig Smith on Nashville who went in. I'm talking he was like in in the crease and he ripped it over the glass
trying to just roof it into the top shelf while nobody was near him and then the buzzer went i
mean like the the goal celebration went off in nashville you can youtube that one this one say
again i don't know the puck just gets on edge you try flicking it instead of just wristing in
and and like i know it kills some people when that type of stuff,
like the McDavid one, kills people's puck line bets,
but nobody wants those goals more than the guys.
I mean, when you're staring at an empty net, Biss,
I don't care if you're Ovi or I don't care if you're Biss or Net.
You're looking at an empty netter like gold.
It's a free goal.
So these dudes aren't trying to miss.
But when you rip it over the glass like that, yeah,
that's one where you're just shaking your head, going to the bench like,
oh, I'm going to catch them in the heat after for this one.
Yeah, it didn't really matter.
Dallas hung on.
Actually, Radulov did get the empty net a few seconds later to make it 4-1.
But, yeah, it's just unusual to see these guys so talented missing these shots.
Had a couple of records broken in the National Training
and Development Program in America.
Jack Hughes broke the points record,
and Cole Caulfield broke the goals record.
And it happened on the same play.
Cole Caulfield had six goals Friday night.
The sixth one set the career record, 105 goals.
He passed Phil Kessel.
He's got 51 in this season.
He's four goals shy of tying Austin Matthews' single-season record for the program.
And Hughes set the points record by tallying the secondary assist
on that goal. That was his record, setting 190th point. season record for the program and hugh set the points record by telling the secondary assist on
that goal that was his record setting 190th point he passed uh kella for the for that record now
when you consider the names that these guys are passing right now in the program uh it's impressive
as hell u.s hockey is just like on a fucking skyrocket and rise right now i mean these guys
are breaking future hall of famer records man uh i mean mean, the future is great for U.S. hockey.
What's up, Biz?
I've said it before.
I think they have the advantage moving forward,
and that's why more and more guys keep getting drafted in the first round
of that U.S. program.
These guys are training and playing together all year round.
It'd be like Team Canada playing together all year round
where they're just practicing against the best players day in, day out.
I mean, they go back to their watered-down junior teams,
which, hey, that's the way Canada does things.
They have the CHL, and I understand that, and that's not going to change.
But that's an advantage.
And, I mean, you see it over with Sweden and Finland.
They have great programs in place where these guys are training
and developing their skills.
They have weight training coaches, and they're on a regimen,
and you're going to keep seeing it.
And I'm not saying Canada needs to change things,
but they may want to consider looking into it,
maybe do like little camps throughout the course of the season.
I don't know.
But if you're talking about producing high-end talent,
USA has got it figured out, and those guys are some beasts.
And I believe the kid who scored the six goals in the game
has committed to go to Wisconsin
University and I would imagine that if he keeps pace he ain't going to be there long and as far
as Jack Hughes is concerned I mean he's him or that finished kid are going to go one and and
playing the NHL this program is special and and it's also I mean you look back and it's crazy for me to think I
mean that's when you that's when I kind of at least had the first taste of what it's like to
be a pro hockey player even more so than that because that's I mean you go to school which
is a complete grind but right after that we were doing an hour and a half you know to two hour
practices then you'd go up and work out then you'd have the boxing lesson where I'd try to get out of the, and you'd have to have the sparring sessions because I hated
doing that and getting punched in the face. But you were at the rink. You'd be at the rink 2.15,
2.30 to 7 o'clock. Then you're going home, kind of doing homework. Like, it's a full-on
grind of a lifestyle, and I think kids love it. I loved it because at the time, you're thinking
of playing college hockey. Now more so than anything anything these kids are thinking of in the NHL so they're enjoying it but
you're also realizing or you should realize they're putting in they're making their life
about hockey and that's what it takes a lot of times to get to that highest level and and these
kids are doing it and the skill that's coming out is is wild I mean to break the records of the guys
you're talking about it's crazy so I think Jack Hughes is going to do some special things immediately,
and it sounds like this Caulfield kid can snipe.
So Wisconsin, I'm sure, won't be too bad of a time to have a little fun for a year,
go to some tailgates.
Yeah, these guys are tearing it up, and I can't wait to watch them get older
and keep doing it.
Another American, Matty Kachuk, had a five-point night Friday,
two goals, three assists.
He's been having a torrid year, 32 goals, 41 assists in 72 games.
So shout out to Matty having a great year.
Boys, I think we should send it over to Steve Parsons now.
He was pretty entertaining.
I think the audience is going to like him.
This interview was brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift, or searching for
a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best
seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person
for the biggest plays of the year, and SeatGeek
will get you closer to the action for a great value.
Like I mentioned before, I've had the app on my
phone for a long time now. I see Pat's games, Salt's games, Bee's games. I get hooked up all
the time. I punch in how much money I want to spend. SeatGeek does the work for me. It searches
all the sites. I tell them I'm going to be cheap tonight. Well, they'll find me cheap seats. I want
to spend a few bucks to impress the lady. They'll find those tickets for me as well. And the best
part, every purchase is fully guaranteed. So you can shop for tickets on Seat Geek with confidence. Make Seat Geek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of
ticket from sports and concerts to comedy and theater. Best of all, our listeners get 10 off
their first Seat Geek purchase. Just download the Seat Geek app and enter the promo code
Hockey today. That's promo code Hockey for 10 off your first Seat Geek purchase.
Seat Geek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
And now we are pleased to be joined by a very special former Wilkes-Barre Scranton Penguin,
along with many other teams, Steve Parsons, a true legend of the game,
a man that was a part of the St. Paddy's Day Massacre of the Wilkes-Barre Scranton Penguins versus, I think, the Syracuse Crunch maybe 17 years ago as we're recording on St. Patrick's Day.
Welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
How are you, buddy?
Good, boys.
How are you all doing?
We're doing great.
We're doing great.
So I was talking to Brendan Walsh, a big friend of the show that's going to be on soon, and he was giving me some hilarious, harsh stories.
But I first wanted to kind of bring off is when did you play for Wilkes-Barre?
How long were you there?
And because we're talking about that specific fight,
what do you remember of that day?
Well, I was in Pitt for two years.
I was in camp twice.
The first year, I think it was Ivan Halinka was the coach.
He had a bunch of checks, and I started there on a tryout, The first year, I think it was Ivan Holinka was the coach.
He had a bunch of checks, and I started there on a tryout,
ended up in the Wilkes-Barre, and then down at Wheeling,
and then back up with Hershey.
Then the next year, Pitt signed me and brought me back,
and Mario was playing there.
They had me on his team in camp, and Philly Tibbets and them had a bit of a rivalry going.
So I ended up going a couple rounds with Tibbets,
and Mario was picking up gloves and cheering me on.
So it was pretty awesome.
Hey, was that when he cross-checked Mario?
Sorry to interrupt.
Was that when he cross-checked Mario?
Well, Mario ran Billy from behind into the net,
and then Billy got up and chased him down and cross-checked him back.
So I left the bench with my gloves there.
And Billy and I had it out pretty good.
And then through camp and stuff, just being around the team,
I didn't make the big club, obviously,
but that year I think we had 10 or 11 rookies,
like Scuderi and Orpik and Cervic and a bunch of Czechs
and a bunch of young guys.
So we had a bunch of hooligans like myself and Walshie
and Jason McDonald and Tibby and a whole bunch of boys.
We were a rowdy crew for sure. Jason McDonald and Tibby and a whole bunch of boys.
We were a rowdy crew for sure.
Did you ever skirmish with Billy Tibbets
or somebody fought in something like that?
Some wild story like that?
Oh, God, yeah. I farted in the room one day
and he got so mad at me. He wanted to fight.
So I was like, geez, Billy.
As long as we're not overreacting.
Over a fight.
That's a first.
I think he was telling you, I've always heard that Tibbetts was saying,
you invaded my airspace, Parson.
Well, they put me beside him in the room,
and they made me his roommate on the road,
because not many guys were able to hang out with him
without losing their shit or getting pushed around too much.
So Glenn Batchelor came to try him.
God bless him.
What a great guy.
He made us roommates and locker mates to hold each other in check.
Oh, man.
You have any good Glenn Patrick stories?
I played for him in Wheeling.
That was after his stint as head coach when he was in Wilkes-Barre.
So many good ones.
So many good ones.
You know, one of my favorite ones is our team wasn't real strong that year.
We missed the playoffs by about 30 games but he used to come in his pregame speech would
tell us to keep it close boys and we'll get him in the third that's our game plan all right well
let's go get him boys so you know he'd come into the room and he'd be there in the bench press he'd
be pounding off two plates aside in his towel he would go in the hot tub and he'd have a soak and then
he'd get out and be banging off two plates aside
and he'd get up and he'd look at you and say,
gotta make my wife feel safe, boys. I like her
feel good when she's around me.
You bet, Glennie. Whatever you want, buddy.
He was awesome.
Loved him.
So, Steve, as Whit mentioned, today's the 17th
anniversary of the St. Patrick's Day Massacre between
you guys and Syracuse. Now, was that FIFA continuation of something?
Did something happen in the last game with those guys where it carried over
or was this just completely organic all on the same day it happened?
You know, that game, it was a Sunday and Sunday today, too.
Look at that.
You know, and they brought a couple of guys up, Sean Legault, I think,
and Brad Wingfield from the United League, and they brought a couple guys up, Sean Legault, I think, and Brad Wingfield from the United League.
And they brought them into playoffs.
And, you know, our team, we had a bunch of guys with PIMs.
Like, I think we had three or four guys in the top five in the league.
So every year where we went, it was pretty much a shit show every time we played anybody.
And so they brought those guys up.
And, you know, when teams are bringing up guys from the coast in the
u-haul with 300 400 pims it's pretty obvious what they're there to do and of course we're in our
rank on saint patty's day with the third jerseys and not much chance of us backing down so what
are you gonna do right wait so it's funny like the picture you and i don't know the other guy
with no shirt on it's kind of like the famous of you and I don't know the other guy with no shirt on. It's kind of like the famous picture of the St. Paddy's Day Massacre.
How did your tarp end up getting off and then you're squaring off again once everything been ripped off?
Like that must have been your second, at least second fight of that skirmish, no?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I left the bench.
Remember Brendan Buckley?
We all know Buckley.
You like to leave the bench, don't you?
He'll leave the bench for anyone.
They pay my fines, Biz.
First, do what you got to do.
We'll pay your fines.
So I don't know if the statute of limitations is up on that or not,
but yeah, so Buck was on the ice.
He was lefty, and I was right at the bench.
Winger was going up for John Jacobin,
and he was probably big enough to handle himself,
but for some reason I thought I had to get involved.
So I called Buck off the ice and I jumped on
and myself and Jason McDonald grabbed onto Winger
when he was on top of Jacko.
We were throwing kidney shots and choke holds.
And by the time we got up, the linesman had me.
And if you watch the video, I undo my own tie down
and start shedding my stuff.
Well, as I'm shedding my stuff, he's taking his stuff off.
My favorite part of the whole thing is I tried to do the Hulk Hogan
with the t-shirt, but the seam was too tight.
I couldn't rip her, so I had to peel her over the head.
I wasn't strong enough to Hulk Hogan my shirt.
So off we go to Center Ice and have an old Rocky Marciano square off.
And it doesn't get much more Western than that.
The funniest part of that is I've been told by numerous people that when you,
you went to do the Holgan really ripped the shirt,
like after twice it wouldn't break.
And you know,
it was just like a puppy,
like admitting like defeat,
taking the shirt over your head after that.
Oh,
so humbling.
Right.
So you think you're so tough in front of 12,000 people
and you can't even rip your own T-shirt off.
You have three guys on that team with over 300 minutes in pimps,
yourself, Darcy Vero, and Jason McDonald.
Talk a little bit about Darcy Vero because he was undersized.
He was just like a little fucking rodent out there,
and he carved out quite a good career doing that.
Yeah, he carved out someone's eye too, I think.
Honestly, honestly, and I've told him this to his face,
so I'm not talking shit, the dirtiest player I ever played with.
Like, I'm not kidding around.
It's eye gouges and spears and cross checks and slew foot
and every little bit.
And I'd say, Darce, do whatever you want tonight.
I'm with you.
So he'd go in, he'd spray the goalie and spear the first guy that come in,
and my gloves would be off,
and we'd have a nice fun bunch right there on the squad.
But we were playing a preseason game.
It was Wilkes-Barre versus Pittsburgh,
and they put Mario and Wilkes-Barre.
And we're coming to the bench on a change.
It was me, Mac, and Darcy as a line.
And we're coming to the bench,
and Kevin Stevens is coming to the bench.
We're changing on the fly.
Stevens is going into his bench.
This is in Wilkes-Barre.
And Darcy fucking two-hands him right behind the legs.
Artie kind of takes a speed wobble and goes into the bench and looks through,
comes out of his bench, into our bench,
and starts fucking Darcy right in our bench.
It's a charity game in Wilkes-Barre.
Referees blow the whistle.
People are, what's going on?
Artie's in there plucking Darcy.
Darcy, what the fuck was that?
He's like, well, I'm playing for Keepsparse.
Okay, we're going to two-hand guys on the line changes now.
All right.
Holy fuck.
You look at his hockey DB, man.
It's just like every year, minimum 200 minutes in penalties.
And his first year, he went over to Russia,
and I think that was when it was still called the Super League.
He played in Shekhov.
I don't even know how to fucking say it.
He had 511 minutes.
511.
That's ridiculous.
I remember, like, because he played center,
and he killed penalties and took
draws and stuff and obviously darcy vero and steve parson so coach called me parson they called him
darcy and i remember one night we're sitting there and there's about 13 seconds to go in the game and
granny says okay darcy get out there and take the draw so i signed up you say parson
no parson you don't take face-offs, especially in one-goal games. Sit down.
So,
it was always a lot of fun
to play with Darcy.
He's a great teammate.
And anytime we were flat
or anytime we weren't having it,
you always knew
that he was going to bring
something,
some sort of grudge.
He had everyone on the rink
wanting to kill him.
We went into Hartford one night
and I don't even know,
opening draw,
he was fighting.
He speared someone
before the puck dropped.
We had a line brawl two seconds into the game.
He's in the box.
He's telling guys, I'm going to carve your frickin' eyes out.
And, yeah, Hartford was another crazy night too.
Steve, Biz mentioned the three guys who had at least 300 penalty minutes,
but there was another guy on that squad.
He only played 29 games, had a pretty impressive 184 penalty minutes.
Brendan Walsh, what can you tell us about this character?
He's a Boston guy.
He's pretty well-known around here.
What was he like as a teammate, and what kind of character was he like,
you know, in the locker room?
The very best teammate a guy could ever ask for.
You know what?
Like, Walsh, he just brought it.
He brought a level of, like, humor and levity and maturity and grit
and toughnessness and it was
so fun to play with him because he he'd walk in a room and like like he's been there for 10 years
right he just walked in and and he just acted like he'd been on the team forever and and he was he
was a big big part of our group and he was such a like a i don't know like a moral compass for us
in a crazy kind of way we were all all haywire. Yeah, I know.
But he made me feel okay about it.
He's like, Parsh, you're doing what you need to do.
And we had all these guys, and he would just, you know,
I think about Walsh, you know, he's one of those guys,
if you ever had to go to war, he's got to be your first call, right?
A little left-hander from Southie, and he liked to throw,
and he liked to play, and God love Brandon Walsh.
I keep a pretty good touch with him still.
Well, it's funny because I was just chatting
with him like I mentioned before and the other story
that he's told me and I can already
tell right away. You're such a good storyteller.
Walsh is the same way but I'd love to hear
your version of it.
Apparently during AHL camp, I think
it was in Wilkes-Barre, there was a kid from the U
Hall that got called up. Brandon
Christensen or something.
Apparently,
your face was just covered
and vacillated at 8.30 in the morning.
Do you remember this whole shindig?
Oh, Brandon
Christian, the self-proclaimed
house of pain.
He was about 6'4", 280 with a
skull at me. We were in
Pitt that year. Only one was the guy up with Pittsburgh.
And first day of camp, the Pens, Ricky Keough and Glenn Patrick,
they told me, stay away from Ole.
He's on a one-way.
You're on a two-way.
I said, well, I think I can take him.
They said, it doesn't matter.
You go near him, we'll send you to the coast.
So they gave me the red light on Ole in camp, and I was pissed.
So I ended up working through the program.
I ended up down in Wilkes-Barre.
Sunday morning, I think 8 or 9
9 a.m. on a Sunday
camp opens. Yeah,
and I vast up at 8.30 in the
morning on a Sunday and we're standing
out there and Glenn Patrick's telling everybody
on the ice that, you know, it's going to
have some good scrimmages here. Stay away from
Parsons, guys. He's a red light. You guys
can fight yourselves. You don't get to fight him.
And that's when John Brophy was coaching Wheeling and they had oh they had Mark Major and Blue Benefield and
Kenny Tasker all those guys were in Wheeling and they were up in Pittsburgh camp Bruce Watson
and they're all looking at me like fresh meat like they're all gonna go on me I'm like holy
shit I gotta fight like six guys today and uh Glennie gives the red light but I look over and
this guy's looking at me he's chewing
on the end of a stick and he's just eye pumping me the whole time it's like 9 a.m on a sunday
oh geez okay so as soon as we break before we even get to the face off i said you want to go
right now and get it over with sure enough away we go and we're scrapping puck drops he's out there
cross check greg crozier he broke your book a stick over Greg Crozier. Two-handed crow pretty
bad. I leave the bench again. I think I
fought him three or four times. Finally, Glennie calls
the scrimmage. Puts us all on the goal line
and bags kisses for half an hour.
Meanwhile, I got bloody knuckles, fat lip,
three fights. It's 10 a.m. on a Sunday.
Right after, did you even
have breakfast that morning? Probably
the content at the breakfast at the Woodlands.
Yeah, yeah.
Eating good ol' bars on the way to the rink popping apples.
It's insane.
People don't realize what training camps used to be like.
It used to be like a fucking UFC training camp.
Honestly, you just look at it and you look at the lineup
and they got the third line right wing.
I'm a D man.
I'm like, well, I'm not really sure why I'm playing right wing as a left shot.
I'm only going to use my speed.
For your one-timer.
Oh, yeah, exactly.
Protect the puck, Parson.
Get it deep and get the hell off.
It's more like it.
But, you know, a funny story.
I was playing with Boston.
I got a contract in Boston one year,
and I got a shift with Joe Thornton and Glenn Murray.
It was against Washington.
So we get on the ice, and I'm lined up, and Steve Peay comes over.
I said, you want to go?
He's like, yeah, let's go.
Puck drops, away we go.
Decent fight, right?
Punch each other in the face a few times, fall down.
Get out of the box, come back.
The boys give me a tap, and Joe Thornton slides up to me.
He says, hey, good fight.
I said, thanks.
He was like, how many shifts do you think you're
gonna get with me i said i don't know he's like probably not many maybe next time skate around
i'll try and get you a goal then you can fight
what a great guy he was man awesome like he was so cool how many shifts do you think you're gonna get with me probably not very many hey i'm looking parts i'm looking like i'm looking back at your career right
now you don't see many guys from go from the bc junior league to the whl back to the bc junior
league to the quebec league back to the bc junior league and then end up at some some point playing
like the university of al Alberta, Concordia.
What was that whole route for you at the beginning?
Well, I was so conflicted at a young age.
When I was coming through midget and stuff,
I fancied myself a decent player.
And then as I got to junior in the dub,
they didn't want me to play.
They wanted me to fight.
And those Kamloops years, they were stacked, right?
I was on the fifth line in November.
For how many games I've played, I got just as many healthy, they were stacked, right? Like I was on the fifth line in November. Like for how many games I've played,
I got just as many healthy scratches in my career, right?
And busy and all about that.
And it's tough, right?
And so I'm in Kamloops.
I'm on the fifth line.
Haven't played since November.
And I just wasn't cool with just being a one-dimensional guy.
Like I just wasn't settled with it.
And so I tried to be a player.
Found out that I couldn't.
And my first pro camp, my first NHL camp, I was 25.
Like, I went to Pittsburgh in 2000.
That was my first NHL camp.
25, Pittsburgh, 26, Pittsburgh.
I think I was in Boston after that and then New York after that.
So, you know, those days, like, to come out of college at 25
and be a tough guy with zero, very few pro games, you know,
it actually helped me because of the rookie status, the vet status.
So I was a guy that they could put in the lineup.
I didn't have a bunch of veteran games.
And I could play D or forward and fight, be good in the room,
whatever that took kind of thing, right?
So, I don't know.
It took me a long time to come to terms with my role.
But once I did, it was fun and fun.
How long were you there with the Kamloops Blazers?
Like I know you played one game,
but were you there for an extended period of time?
Yeah, so I think January of 93,
I was playing Jean Ray in Cranbrook
and they listed me and brought me up
and I basically lived in Kamloops
and practiced with the team
and they flew me home to Cranbrook
on the weekends to play regular
season and playoffs. That was before
that Kamloops team popped off, right?
That was the year before they won the Memorial Cup
in back-to-back seasons?
Well, the best part is they won three in four years
and I played the year we didn't win, so I told you
something about me.
Like with my luck, right?
So you play with Donor?
Oh yeah, I play with Donor yeah i play with donor and tucker and bomber and iggy and all the boys were there it was a lot of fun so i was
there from like basically from january to november if that makes any sense and uh you know then i
went back to the bchl or something like that when i was 19 i thought you know what i'm willing to
fight and so i end up during the NHL lockout in 94,
the boys came through on an exhibition tour,
and Sandy McCarthy and I ended up getting drunk together.
And he asked me if I was willing to go to play in the Quebec League.
And so I said, sure.
And he made a call, and a week later, I flew to Montreal,
and Mike Carrion was my coach in Laval.
So I played for Carrion, boys.
Oh, geez.
And what? Oh, my God. I look back on So I played for Carrion, boys. Oh, geez. And what?
Oh, my God.
I look back on that.
I can't believe he was allowed to coach people.
I can't even believe it.
Was he a nightmare for you?
Oh, well, he liked me because I'd kind of do anything.
But, I mean, talk about smoking on the bus and sending me after guys.
I remember one night he told me, do you remember Sebastian Bortolo?
Real good player.
And he tells me, Parsons,
I want you to grab Sebastian off the opening
draw. I said, he's got 90
points in 50 games. That's not
the guy I'm supposed to grab.
There's Peter Worrell over there. There's
Jordy Dwyer over there. They've got
LP Charbonneau. They've got guys I can grab. He's like, I want you
to grab Bortolo. So I line
up with Bortolo. I said, listen, he wants me to jump you, but I can't catch you. So the puck drops. If you fuck off, I can grab. He's like, I want you to grab Bordeaux. So I line up at Bordeaux. I said, listen,
he wants me to jump you,
but I can't catch you.
So the puck drops.
If you fuck off,
I can't catch you.
We're all good here.
So the puck drops
and he's doing figure eights
in his own zone.
I'm trying to catch him.
And obviously,
I had him fighting
Peter Worrell instead.
Oh,
Peter Worrell.
Oh,
man.
How'd that go?
He was a monster.
Fortunately for me,
he was only 17 and I was 19. So I got the better of him, but I didn't want to fight him when he was a monster fortunately for me he was only 17 and i was 19 so i got the
better of him but i didn't want to fight him when he was any older than that but he was six six or
six seven with his long arms and he liked doing it but uh at that time i was 19 he was 17 so i did
okay were you guys running uh wild when you were playing in cam loops with with those bunch of
guys i mean tyson nass was on the team, and they had Darcy Tucker,
some guys you'd probably like to have some fun away from the rink.
Oh, yeah.
Well, leave it to me to get busted for curfew my first week on the team.
We go out, and I'm the one that gets roasted of all the guys.
I think they knew.
But, yeah, we went out quite a bit.
It was a lot of fun.
Honestly, though, I didn't feel comfortable in my role,
my place on the team, so it was really unsettling for me at the time.
I didn't embrace it.
It took me a few years to come around on my role.
Steve, was the massacre the craziest on-ice scene that you were ever a part of in your hockey career?
Or was there something even more wild than that?
You know, I mean, that year there was a bunch.
Like that year there was a bunch. Like that year, there was a bunch. Because that record, that 64 pims, a little known fact about that is the record that I broke was actually my own record.
So in 1981, Wally Weir got 59 penalty minutes in the game.
And in 2002, February 7th, I think, I got 61.
I think it was against Rochester.
And Rory Fitzpatrick, he jumped Brooks Orpik in front of the bench.
So I left the bench there and then jumped on him.
And I got 61 pims.
Came back after a seven-game suspension and got 64.
So I'm actually one-two all time.
And, again, you know, leaving the bench, fighting guys,
pulling water bottles, tearing the shirt off.
Like, it's all  in Wilkes-Barre, you guys know how blood-hungry the fans are.
They're bloodthirsty.
They are, like  they really, really thrived on it, right?
So, with 11,000 people cheering your name, like, what are you going to do,
a hot fight?
Kind of got to do it.
You got a 12-game suspension for that.
Will you also find as well?
Well, yeah, they find me my whole check
and then the Penguins reimburse me.
Funny story about that is I
took a 12-gamer with eight games to go.
That summer, I get traded
to Nashville and then Boston signs
me. I go to Boston and I play
four or five preseason
games. Go down and get sent down
to Providence. Play a couple more there.
Opening night comes up tomorrow night. Lineup's on the board. Mike Sullivan's our coach. I go, hey, go down, get sent down to Providence, play a couple more there. Opening night comes up tomorrow night.
Lineup's on the board. Mike Sullivan's
our coach. I go, hey, Sully.
I said, by the way, I got a 12-gamer last
year with eight to go. I think I'm supposed to sit
four games. Parse, you
played like nine preseason games. Shouldn't
you have said something?
What am I going to say? Don't dress me?
I'm going to get suspended for this.
Tom was my fault.
So, anyways, I had to sit four the next year.
That Providence team was good, too.
That was Mike Sullivan's first year coaching.
Me and Brant Myers were on that team.
We became best buddies pretty quick.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, we had Brant on.
He was probably one of our most popular interviews.
Obviously, he's got a pretty wild story and now sober.
What was Sullivan like then?
I heard he's a bit of a hard coach, like hard on the guys.
He was real hard on the guys.
But he was a player's guy, right?
Like, you know what?
He was kind of, how do I say it?
Like, you think about new age coaches now in the new age game.
He was like that back in 02, right?
He thought about puck possession and filling lanes and playing with speed and playing
with pace and tracking through the middle. All those key
words, buzzwords we hear now, Sully
was doing that then. Wow, that's interesting.
Yeah. Well, one
night we went into Bridgeport and
most guys have two or three
sticks for the game, right? So I'm sitting there before
the meeting, I have three sticks in my stall.
He comes in to do his pregame speech.
He looks at me, he looks at myself. What are what are these four parts one fleet shift thanks billy get the morale in the room up
yeah i'm not going to fight eric goddard oh man you got some crazy guys you fought that
he to me i played with him right in pittsburgh oh yeah i it was amazing because he wasn't a big
guy it wasn't a big guy.
He wasn't extremely muscular,
but the way he could get his punches through and how hard he threw,
to me, if I would have had to have played against him,
he would have been the scariest guy I would have considered fighting
because obviously I would have had to line up against the big boys.
But him and Colt Knorr were the scariest to me.
Yeah, well, Orzy was on our team.
Orzy came up at the end of the year,
and the best fight I ever saw was him and Richard Scott.
And Orzy got the wheels beat off him,
but he stood in there the whole way.
And Eric Goddard could throw so hard.
I remember I used the helmet I wore.
It was one of those old iTechs.
He gave me like five grand in a leather jacket
to wear their gear.
So, you know, obviously I'm going to take that.
And Goddard hit me so freaking hard
that I had a lump on my head through my helmet.
It was a good fight.
We had a great build.
But, I mean, back then, guys, it was Goddard.
It was Jody Shelley.
It was Brian McGratton.
It was Ryan Flynn.
It was Kip Brannon.
It was Sean Thornton.
It was every night there was another 230-pounder looking at you, right?
So, Francis Lessard, Steve McLaren, all these guys, right?
So, back in those days, every team had four guys.
So, it didn't take long to get in trouble.
Hey, Pars, another guy we've had on the show is Sean Thornton.
It's funny you just brought him up, but how nuts is it?
I mean, for me, and I think for anyone who's ever played professional hockey,
to think that he did the 600 games in the AHL, grinding, fighting 30, 40 times a year,
and then did 600 and more in the NHL.
Like, how wild is that?
Talking about a guy paying his dues.
You know what I mean?
Like, he could be in Toronto and St. John's for five years
before he ends up in Chicago and Norfolk and stuff to get his chance.
You know, like, that guy earned it. Like, I fought him in both places, in St. John's and and Norfolk and stuff to get his chance you know like that guy earned it like
I fought him in both places in St. John's and in Norfolk and he was always game and not very big
he's only 6'1 or 6'2 he's not a 6'4 monster but game right like totally game can't bully him can't
intimidate him can't talk shit to him and you know he became a pretty good player like I remember in
Norfolk he played four on four he killed penalties he became a good player and you know all the power to him because he had a
lot of reasons to not try and uh he could have got buried but he didn't and those are the guys
that i'm happiest for right him and jody shelly too right those guys they just they stuck with it
man well he was part of that huge fourth line that was the best fourth line in hockey that year they
won the stanley cup am i am i right ra when it was him daniel huge fourth line. That was the best fourth line in hockey that year. They won the Stanley Cup.
Am I right, R.A.?
When it was him, Daniel Paille, and I believe was it Campbell?
Yeah.
He was a fucking player.
They were producing offense.
I mean, you said it.
You had a question, R.A.?
Sorry to hop in there.
No, I wanted to ask him if there's anybody he'd never want to fight again
under any circumstances whatsoever.
Again?
Well, you know, there was a guy in the minors named Steve McLaren
who was so tough.
Like, you couldn't hurt him, right?
Like, I remember I had him one night.
I had him bent over, and I was tagging him, and all of a sudden,
I'm on my knees holding on to his elbows.
And he was just that tough.
And every time that we played against him,
I made sure that I went after him because I didn't want to look like a pussy, right?
So I'd go and challenge him, but it was everything I had in my constitution
to like, to gumption up the courage to do it.
So Steve McLaren's a guy that people don't know about,
but holy cripes, he was tough.
Steve, how do you feel about fighting's role in the game today?
Are you like disappointed it's kind of slowly going away?
Do you think it should go away a little bit?
What's your take on the current state of it?
I'm a little conflicted with it.
I understand why the hesitation, the head injury, the suspension,
and the liability, and the insurances, and the CT.
I get all that.
But there's a lot of courage missing now.
Courage is not rewarded anymore. It's not coveted. CT, I get all that. But there's a lot of courage missing now, right?
Courage is not rewarded anymore.
It's not coveted.
You don't have to be a courageous player as much as you used to.
Like, you can get by by being a skilled guy and taking nights off and being a perimeter player.
And to me, I mean, you can get by.
But to me, the courage isn't rewarded.
And I like players that play with courage.
And so when I see a guy that plays with courage and plays with some courage
and is a good teammate and sticks up for guys, you know,
those are the guys that I gravitate to now. Like, I don't know.
I feel bad because, you know,
fighting was a big part of my career and my legacy, but you know,
I didn't, you know,
I didn't always factor in on the wins and the losses maybe in morale I did,
but not on the wins and the losses.
And so I don't want to double talk to the fight, but I just think the courage is missing and I it's it's hockey's a tough tough
sport you got to be a tough guy to play it and I don't think that everyone's tough anymore and
that's kind of disappointing who do you like nowadays who are your favorite players to watch
that kind of embody everything not only ability to play but but just have that team streak.
Yeah, I mean, Ryan Reeves is a guy that jumps out at you, gets a regular shift, and he
goes like a bull in a china shop everywhere he goes,
right? He's always ready to rumble. Tommy
Wilson, same thing, right? These guys are
game, right? But
obviously, Sid Crosby is the best player in the game,
not even close.
I don't care what anyone says. He's a 200-foot guy.
He can do it any way he wants, but he's got courage. He's a good teammate. He works hard. I don't care what anyone says he's a 200 foot guy he can do any way you want it
but you know he's got courage he's a good teammate he works hard i don't know i like those guys
well pars before we let you go i'm wondering what's been going on since you retired i mean
you played a long time a lot of different places and what's it been like kind of that second stage
in life i guess you could call it when you're just trying to figure out what what you're doing
without the game i got into the oil patch kind of near the end of my career I got into
sales in Calgary and started working with some oil field services companies now I'm working with one
here for a few years and kind of a management role there and we're just kind of riding the
riding the oil patch wave and and I've been in Calgary I think 16 or 17 years now I do a little
bit of coaching.
I go to hockey school.
I work with young guys and try to mentor them and develop them into players.
So between hockey and oil and a wife and three little kids,
I got a six-year-old daughter and two-year-old twins.
My little boy, Charlie, he's two and a half.
He's about 45 pounds already.
He's a bit of a sled.
And I think he's left-handed too so i keep putting the
baseball yeah yeah like walsh but six five so hey you're at uh you're also at a hockey tournament
right now are you not i'm in foam lake saskatchewan right now and we're here for the
st patch state classic our team our company hockey. We've won it three years in a row,
and today we're going to play against the Kandahar Fog
and Randall Gellick.
You know Randall.
Yeah.
He's on the other team there.
We're going to be playing him today at 2.30,
and I'm going for the Lady Bing,
but I don't think I'm going to get her.
I lost my temper yesterday, but we're okay today.
And, yeah, it's a lot of fun.
Randall Gellick sent me a text yesterday after you guys were hanging out having beers in some small bar there and uh he he wanted
me to plug his team he said what's what's his team name he's got there he was all proud of it
oh they're the candahar spitting i don't know what are I got the in ones. I got the mask. I got the condom. I think he says they're
the boner
cats. The boner
cats? Is that what they call themselves?
Yeah. It's literally
a picture of them. You better
beat the boner cats. Jesus.
We'll beat the wheels off them today.
Honest to God. We're a stubborn
prick too. We got a bunch of guys in our team,
a bunch of ex-pros. We all work together.
Randall's out there. He took a stick in the
face yesterday and left the game early.
Geez, Randall.
Long way from the heart, no?
Hey, well, Pars, I mean, listen, I know
as a father with
young kids, I'm sure it's nice for you to get away
with the boys and get some hockey, so we appreciate
you calling in during this trip, and you got to get the boner, Kat.
So good luck in that game.
Hey, thanks, boys.
We'll take care of business today.
I listen to you guys all the time.
It's a real treat.
All my buddies will be listening to this part, too.
Thanks so much.
That interview was also brought to you by NetSuite.
Every company battles challenges as they grow, updating manual processes,
replacing inefficient systems, getting a handle on cash flow. As you scale, you need software that can handle that growth.
We're introducing NetSuite by Oracle. It's the business management software that handles every
aspect of your business in an easy-to-use cloud platform. With NetSuite, you can save time,
money, and unneeded headaches by managing sales, finance, and accounting orders and
HI instantly from your desk or even from your phone. Thousands of the best known brands and fastest growing companies use
NetSuite to manage their business. And now it's available to you. The power of the world's most
popular cloud management system is more affordable than you think. Right now, NetSuite is offering
you valuable insights to overcome the obstacles that are holding you back for free. Don't miss
out on unleashing your business's full potential with this free guide, Crushing the Five Barriers to Growth. You'll
learn how to acquire new customers, increase profits, and finally get real visibility into
your cash flow. Get NetSuite's guide, Crushing the Five Barriers to Growth, when you go to
netsuite.com slash chicklets now. Download their crushing the five barriers to growth guide today at net suite.com slash chicklets net suite.com slash
chicklets.
Big thank you to Steve Parsons for coming on,
especially short notice.
And he's,
he's at that tournament.
So looking forward to hear who won the championship,
but boys coming out of this,
I wanted to talk Leafs cause you know, they've been playing some good hockey all season,
but they've had a tough stretch here.
And I'm going back to Monday, March 11th, against the Lightning.
The Leafs have given up 23 goals in their last four games.
Three of those teams are non-playoff teams too.
Freddie Anderson, who's been awesome most of the year,
has had a tough stretch.
After the 7-6 win over the Flyers on Friday,
he'd allowed 13 goals on his previous 52 shots.
Face, dating back to that Lightning game, of course,
the three-game stretch dropped his season average
and save percentage from 924 to 918.
Credit Chris Johnson for that stretch.
And after that game, though, Austin Matthews, good leadership.
He kind of took the reins in his comments on Anderson and had this to say.
He saved us so many times.
We definitely owed him one, obviously coming back and putting up seven in that game.
He came up with a couple of big saves there in the final seconds of the game to cap it off.
He's been a brick wall for us all year. That our guy and we have to play better for him now i mean hey like i said he's
been stellar all year he had a 924 save percentage probably one of the guys who's in talks for the
vesna um now i'm not blaming anyone not throwing anyone under the bus here's another interesting
stat in the last nine games elise had been without without Travis Dermott and Jake Gardner they have surrendered 38 goals that's an
average of 4.2 goals against per game that's a big enough sample size and that's a bit of a concern
for the Leafs and especially for a guy who they like to to consider a liability on the back end
in Jake Gardner.
So be careful what you wish for, Leafs fans.
That's fucking horrendous, and especially around grind time when teams are buckling down and you can't keep the puck out of your net.
I don't know what the problem is.
If it's the five-man defense, it's the goaltending,
or it's the fact that they don't have defense.
But, boys, Babcock's got some issues here.
Yeah, and I think you lose two good defensemen now.
I mean, that's huge.
I mean, that's guys who can skate, especially those two.
And they didn't get great news on the Gardner injury.
And the issue right now is, like, defensively,
you're missing two guys that can move the puck.
But, I mean, you're giving up six to the Lightning, five to Chicago,
six to Philly, six to Ottawa.
Are you shitting me?
That's your last four games?
You get the playoffs.
I mean, they have like eight regular season games left or whatever it is.
I mean, it's awkward to see if you're a fan.
You're kind of not panicking, but something ain't right here.
So I think that they need those guys back.
The question is when will they be back?
Will they be all right?
I mean, coming back from injury and hopping into the playoffs
isn't exactly easy, so there's a lot of question marks there,
but you could tell Matthews is fired up.
The guys in that team are pissed off,
and I guess that's what you want to see.
Ari, I don't get a chance to watch them very closely.
What do you think the issue is if you do get a chance to watch them?
Toronto, I mean, the D was an issue in the playoffs last year,
and I think that's going to be an issue for them again this year.
They improved a little bit, but I don't think enough to basically beat Boston
because that's who they're going to play in the first round.
As far as their play the last little stretch here,
I think because they're so kind of firmly entrenched in that
either second or third spot in the division,
they know Montreal's not going to catch them.
So I think maybe almost like subconsciously they're relaxing a little bit,
you know, in combination with playing teams that are hungrier.
So I think, you know, that's working against them right now.
I think you see that with other teams too.
They've been kind of peddled to the metal all year.
Now they can't go up or down playoff-wise.
So, you know, they're going to probably lose teams.
They're going to lose to teams with a little more emotion involved, I guess.
Fair enough.
I don't mind that assessment.
A couple more issues involving the Leafs.
Going back to the Chicago game, when the backup goalie for Chicago
ended up knocking off the net in the last seconds when Toronto was buzzing,
Toronto had an opportunity to tie that game up.
What are they going to do with this rule?
I know the one in place now is it's like discretion and ends up being a minor.
But, you know, I mean, what happens if you're in a Stanley Cup Game 7 game
and all of a sudden the team has a chance to tie it
and the goalie just wants to push the net off
and all of a sudden it gets blown down?
To me personally, I think it should be looked upstairs,
especially within the last five minutes of a game.
And a team should be rewarded a penalty shot.
I mean, if you're going to those types of lengths to keep the puck out of your net,
I think other teams should be rewarded a penalty shot.
They need to change that rule.
I agree.
It's the same thing if you cover the puck with your hand in the crease.
You're doing anything it takes to save a goal penalty shot.
So I agree with that one, Biz.
I mean, it's almost like you should be able to review it.
I know people would probably get furious at that.
You don't want to review more than what they already do.
But if you're dealing with a guy purposely pushing the net off its moorings,
there has to be severe consequences for that team.
R.A., what do you think?
I think anytime there's a goalie involved in the refs,
there just seems to be no consistency, whether it's goaltender interference,
whether it's bumping into the goalie.
There's no consistency.
I agree with that.
So I think no matter what, there's just going to be issues.
One ref's going to see it one way, another ref's going to see it another way.
As long as they don't just award a goal, I think I'm fine with a penalty shot
or a penalty, but just don't award a goal in a situation like that.
They should only award goals in an empty net situation,
not knocking the net off.
Absolutely.
And moving to another issue in a Leafs game,
we saw a classic, classic case of tummy sticks.
Like I've never seen before that was caught on
The biggest tummy sticks, and Voracek was disgusted.
Disgusted.
So for those of you who didn't see it, Oscar Lindblom,
I believe that's how you say his name, him and Nylander were
there was an issue with the ice or something,
and it was going to be a defensive zone draw, I believe,
for the Philadelphia Flyers.
And they're just giggling, having a good time.
Keep in mind, at this time the Philadelphia Flyers. And they're just giggling, having a good time. Keep in mind,
at this time, Philadelphia
Flyers are five points out of a
playoff spot and have an opportunity
to beat the Leafs. At the time, it was tied 1-1.
So Voracek looks over
and he's like, I
have this quote here that
people think reading his lips.
Hey, you play for our team, right?
Jesus fucking Christ. And then just shook his head and looked away and discussed. Now, you play for our team, right? Jesus fucking Christ.
And then just shook his head and looked away and discussed.
Now, listen, this is a valuable lesson for a young guy.
And I'm not going to throw this Lindblom under the bus.
I'll just chalk it up to him having a mental error.
But for you kids listening, in the course of a game, that is disgusting.
Warm-ups, yeah, I'm not crazy crazy about it in the course of the game when
you're fighting for your playoff life wait till after the game do you really need to talk about
that dime swedish model that you went to cafe oprah bent there over in the vip bathroom and
have a little giggle on the ice with your fucking uh i think he was a teammate on the national team
at some point give me a fucking break, man.
You're battling for your playoff lives.
And a guy who's played 835 games who you could see Voracek in his face.
He was dialed in.
He's like, okay, what's my face-off responsibility here?
Because you know Babcock probably has eight offensive zone draws
that he's got drawn up for those guys.
Worry about your face-off responsibility.
After the game's over, you can walk down the hall,
and then you can talk about whatever it is you need to talk about.
And some guy after on Twitter was like, oh, I disagree with you on that.
Fuck you, you disagree with me on that.
You never played a game.
Go look at Voracek in the locker room and tell him he's wrong.
So, I don't know.
That's all I've got to say about that.
I don't mean to be a bit of a grump and a dinosaur.
I just think there's a time and a place.
Well said, Biz.
The tummy sticks in warm-ups,
I love that. I know you
hate that. You're a tough guy. I get that.
I love that, but during the game,
dude, you can't be
chatting up. I even think Nylander
was kind of turning around from it. He smiled,
but either way, Voracek just looked like a salty old veteran,
and it was great to see.
Did anyone actually confirm with Voracek that he did give him shit?
I don't know.
I didn't hear the postgame.
There's no chance, no matter what they say after,
he wasn't giving him shit.
The body language, you could tell exactly what was going on
he basically was like a father looking at his kid like the fuck are you doing right now
that was pretty funny stuff and i just talking about rules a minute ago biz uh the annual gm
meetings were in boca raton a couple weeks ago it was the same time as the trade deadline so we
didn't really focus too much on it there was no major news no rules have been changed but i would
say the wheels have started turning on maybe a couple tweaks for next season you know the process is basically for rule change uh somebody
proposes changing it or maybe tweaking something uh the subject gets debated between the board of
governors uh gms there's a formal recommendation made then the recommendation requires approval
from both the competition committee and the board of governors so there's a process for this thing
but a couple things i thought you guys would be interested in one item that gained significant traction in the meetings
is if a skater loses his helmet he must come off the ice immediately or get a two-minute penalty
uh it's similar to what the ahl and other leagues have already done uh what do you think of that one
biz i think that's insurance purposes get to save a few bucks in the insurance category and then
keep the social justice warriors offline from bitching about it.
These guys are professional
athletes. If they lose their helmets and they're
in a scoring situation or in the offensive
zone and they got to
skate off the ice, give me a break.
I couldn't have been more disgusted
when I saw this and I'll tell you right now
anyone who's played, is
playing, will play in the NHL
knows a dream.
A dream is to get your helmet knocked off and score a goal.
And to sell you with no bucket on.
I mean, that's stuff that you could crank.
You could throw yourself around the room to that the rest of your life.
You scoring a goal in the NHL with no helmet on, especially if you had good hair.
I mean, I would have looked terrible with my terrible Jew fro.
I'm not Jewish. I don't know if that's bad, but you know what I'm saying? I can
imagine a guy with flow. Like,
you're dreaming of that.
And also, you know, in the same vein, per
P.L. LeBrun, the league also hopes to get
to a point where helmets are mandatory
in pregame warm-ups. That would need
to go through the proper channels to become a rule, meaning
the NHLPA would have to consent to it.
Biz, do you think the NHLPA eventually votes to do away with no bucky warm-ups um i used to
wear a helmet and warm up i did go a time where i didn't but then i saw the incident that happened
to taylor hall and i believe you were on the team when that happened whit oh yeah that was scary he
fell down and ended up cutting his forehead i mean i i I don't, I mean, I get guys want to look cool out there during warmup.
I just get worried about, especially warmup pucks are flying around everywhere.
Bodies are flying around everywhere.
I may sound like a bit of a hypocrite consider.
I'd said that it was stupid that guys have to get off in the midst of a shift, but yeah,
I don't, I don't see a need why you, why we would want to go without it besides looking
cool on the ice all warm-up.
Hey, Corey Potter, my buddy Corey Potter.
I know you're listening, Potsy.
I know you're listening to this.
You ruined it for the whole league.
You're sitting over there.
You played in Germany this year.
Potsy, you were over at Cologne.
You played for Cologne.
He's probably home now.
You stepped on Halsey's forehead,
and now nobody can wear no buckets in warm-ups.
You prick. You prick. And Halsey, by, and now nobody can wear no buckets in warm-ups.
You prick.
You prick.
And Halsey, by the way, used to fly around.
He'd be going 100 miles an hour.
So it was kind of the perfect storm of Potsy just chilling,
looking out in the arena in Columbus, and Halsey bombing around too quick.
But that sucks.
Keith Yandel has said many times, I mean,
what is a feeling of being in the National League if it isn't skating around with no helmet on and warm-ups?
I mean, if you're Ryan Malone getting your phone numbers thrown at you
like they're hockey pucks flying around the offensive zone.
So good for all the guys who got to experience and kind of shitty for everyone in the future.
Yeah, and that was kind of funny that you brought that up, R.A.
I didn't know you were going to talk about those rules uh that the gms were talking about somebody
dm me a question saying enough you know just food for thought who do you think will be the last guy
in the league to not have a visor on and he said he his guest was ryan o'reilly and and that's a
pretty good pick i'd imagine he's going to play some more time here and like what are some i mean
there's not many guys now
with no visor on. I'd say there's, what, two or three
guys a team?
I'd say Chara.
You think he's going to play longer than O'Reilly?
Chara could go forever.
Bro, if you watched Chara the last couple
years, O'Reilly's a stud. That's the dumbest
thing you've ever said on this part.
Time out. I'm not
convinced that that could happen
he's kind of the tom brady of hockey he takes care of himself his diet's insane all he does
is work out how many more years do you think char could play four probably yeah i was actually just
naming guys that i i was just naming guys that are gonna play without a visor like i could never
picture them you could never get hit in the face of the puck anyway. Nobody could raise it that high. Hey, guys,
Ryan O'Reilly is 28 years old.
He's got 68
points in 71 games. He's going to
outplay Zidane O'Chara. That's not what I meant.
That's not what I meant. No, Grinnell, you've got to stick
by your word. I was just throwing names out.
By the way, I never played
an NHL
game without just
no half shield on, boys.
It was funny, though. Back when I
became a pro, if you were 6'4",
you had to.
If I wore a visor when I turned pro, I would have been
ridiculed even more than I already was.
You were the biggest pussy
if you were a big guy with a half shield
on when I turned pro. I was like,
all right, I'm never wearing one. Then I had to when I got
to the AHL and Russia, I wore one.
But, God, I was just no visor.
I mean, I think of Getzlaff's one who comes to mind too.
Ari, what were some other rules that they discussed?
One other one, actually the DOPS, that's player safety, not podcast safety.
DOPS proposed changing the language in Rule 46.23 on fighting,
specifically as it relates to suckering a guy.
They want to add the words unwilling and defenseless to the rule.
With Judge Paros thinks that it will make it easier to call a match penalty
and to dole out supplemental discipline by adding these two words.
They think it'll give them a little more leeway,
a little more discretion in punishing guys for suckering guys.
It's basically specifically about punching a guy who's unsuspecting or unwilling.
Again, nothing done yet, but I wouldn't be surprised if this language does get added to that rule.
What's up, Wits?
I wouldn't either, but I also think that it brings in areas of,
what do you mean it was a sucker punch?
When you're somebody that's getting ready to throw fists or actually be in a fight,
any little move from somebody else can create the assumption, right, we're going.
Now, I think it'll be easy to tell in terms of coming from the side
and somewhere where a guy doesn't see it coming, unsuspecting.
But if they're going to do sucker punches when you're looking at someone,
there's going to be a gray area of, well, I thought he was ready to hit me.
I mean, what do you mean?
When am I supposed to let him hit me first?
Yeah, it's going to be interesting to see if it depends on what one guy
thinks unwilling or defenseless means because one guy might look at it
and not think it's right.
Let's just let the people online decide.
Yeah, of course.
And one other quick one, Biz, this isn't really like a big deal yet.
Teams on a power play, they want to maybe change it
so the team can decide which face-off circle
that the face-off after a power play is going to be.
You know what I'm saying?
Wow.
I don't mind that.
Yeah, if a team wants to set up, you know, a guy like Ovechkin,
you obviously have a better advantage moving to another circle.
So that's something that's being discussed as well.
There was a note, too.
This is not to do with rules.
John Cooper called Mitch Marner one of the smartest players in NHL history.
I don't know if he was taking headline lessons from Boston or not.
And, you know, all due respect to Mata, you wonder what's going on with Cooper here.
If he's stirring the pot, that's some pretty high praise for a guy who's been in the league three years.
No, it's a stroke-off session.
That's what these coaches do now is they just, like, they're so complimentary of their team.
That way you try to, like, butter them up. So you, I i don't know you're just saying maybe they'll just get a little too
confident and then they just don't play as well and you know you're you're always the good guy
in the media as opposed to being critical remember remember guy guy gee boucher a couple years ago
he's like oh i don't i don't know how we're gonna beat beat these guys. It's like going David versus Goliath.
And it's just like, holy fuck, dude.
Give it a rest.
That was when they made their run all the way to the conference finals against Pitt, I believe.
Yeah, you're right.
A couple years ago.
I have a couple other milestone notes.
We like to give guys their due when they do have a milestone.
But first, we did have another piece of sad news.
Unfortunately, we wanted to pass along.
We want to send our deepest sympathies to San Jose's Evander Kane and his wife.
Evander, he posted a message on Twitter that his wife lost their daughter, Eva, after 26 weeks of
pregnancy. Obviously, a heartbreaking thing to go through for anybody. And he did make it public
and to let people know. So we wanted to acknowledge that and that we send our love to Evander and his
wife. Obviously, it's an awful thing for anybody to go to. So we wanted to acknowledge that and that we send our love to Evander and his wife. Obviously it's an awful thing for anybody to go to.
So we want to pass our thoughts along to those guys and then switch them back
to pucks.
John Tavares became the third player in Leafs team history to score 40 in his
first season with Toronto.
Edzo Olchek did it back in 87, 88 when he had 42.
And of course,
Austin had 40 in his rookie year a couple of years ago.
Steve Stamkos tied Vinny LeCavalier for the most goals in Tampa history
at 383.
Poor Vinny LeCavalier losing all his records here.
He's doing all right.
He made about 120, and he's a 10 out of 10.
Yeah, he's doing fine.
Patrice Bergeron became the sixth player in the Bruins' long history
to record 800 points, so kudos to Bergeron.
And Biz, do you think we should send it over to Laura now?
One more thing before we throw it over, RA.
James Myrtle tweeted this stat out.
He's a writer for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Andreas Johnson becomes only a 14th seventh rounder to score 20-plus goals as a rookie.
Wow.
Yeah.
You know who else was picked in the seventh round?
Tom Brady.
Tom Brady.
Only Palat, Svato, and Zetterberg have done it since 1993.
So congratulations to him on 20-plus goals.
Wasn't Brady in the sixth round?
Oh, you don't even know that, Whit?
You fucking loser.
Sixth round.
Also, I got to  Brendan Walsh is from Dorchester.
He won't be happy if on the podcast it said he's from Celtia
and no one corrected it.
Brendan Walsh is a dot rat, so we just want to clarify that
for our buddy Walsh.
All right, and now let's send it over.
He's just a city guy.
Brendan Walsh is just the city of Boston.
I know, actually, it means a lot when you're from Charlestown,
South D.A., Dorchester.
All right. Absolutely, brother.
All right. Now let's send it over to my future ex-wife, Laura.
This interview was brought to you by Robinhood. Robinhood is an investing app that lets you buy
and sell stocks, ETFs, options, and cryptos, all commission-free. While other brokerages charge up
to 10 for every trade, Robinhood doesn't charge any commission fees so you can trade stocks and keep all your profits.
Plus, there is no account minimum deposit needed to get started, so you can start investing at any level.
The simple, intuitive design of Robinhood makes investing easy for newcomers and experts alike.
View easy-to-understand charts and market data and place a trade in just four taps on your smartphone.
You can also view stock collections, such as the 100 most popular. With Robinhood, you can learn how to
invest in the market as you build your portfolio, discover new stocks, track your favorite companies
and get custom notifications for price movements so you never miss the right moment to invest.
Robinhood is giving listeners of Spittin' Chicklets a a free stock like Apple, Ford, or Sprint to help build your
portfolio. Sign up at chicklets.robinhood.com. That's chicklets.robinhood.com.
And there she is now. Laura is joining us. First of all, thank you for coming on and making time
in your schedule to do so. Let's just get right to it. The reason we're having you on is because your ex-boyfriend
sent me a death threat via voicemail.
Did I ever play the voicemail for you?
No, and why do you still have this?
Well, because I knew eventually I'd be running the best hockey podcast
in the world, and I wanted to get you on to talk about it.
Okay, well, I'm a little nervous to hear it.
I'm already embarrassed.
Oh, don't be.
I'm still alive.
So here it is.
Hey, Paul, this is Laura's boyfriend.
I'm probably sleeping right now because you had a late morning.
But I just want you to know, bro, like,
really there's nothing to do with you,
and you're kind of caught in the middle of it.
But if I find out you're talking to her again, it's not going to be good, okay?
You seem like a nice guy from your voicemail and shit, but I'm not.
I'm not a nice guy at all, dude.
I've done a lot of fucked up shit in my life.
You can't even ask her.
So it would be smart for you probably not to ever talk to her again, okay?
Because if I find out you are, I'll find you,
and I'll find out everything about you, dude.
All right?
It's not going to be good.
You seem like you got a lot going for you, bro.
And to have some kind of black cloud over your head like that isn't good.
All right?
Have a nice day.
Well, that's pretty much it, Laura. I mean, All right. Have a nice day. Well, that's
pretty much it, Laura. I mean, he did wish
me a nice day.
Oh, that's nice.
Hey, Laura.
He watched way too much Sopranos.
Hey, I'm wondering one thing.
Sorry, Biz.
Is there any part of you that
wants to see him again after
hearing that? Has that turned you on a little bit, how psychotic he was?
No, absolutely not.
I know how psychotic he was, and I was young when I got with him,
and it's embarrassing.
Oh, my God.
Were those empty threats, or would he actually have followed through
if his nibbled back?
No, he is psychotic, but he's also a loser, so I don't know.
Was he tough?
Do you think he could have taken me?
No, I don't think so.
I think he is pretty tough, but at the same time, he is, I don't know.
Well, he's old now.
Yeah, but he could bring a machete.
It was like, who cares how tough he is
busy would have stabbed you i'm sure no i don't think he's into weapons he's like he's from
chicago like old school like italian that type of guy but um yeah he's i don't know i definitely
think you could hold your own all Well, my first question is,
I want to know back and think back to the first night you met Biz.
What was your initial reaction of Paul Biz Nasty, Biz Sonette,
self-proclaimed Biz Nasty?
I don't even remember the first night we met.
What?
Laura, you don't remember that?
No.
First of all, I saw you at the W, and I had a crush on you the minute I saw you.
And you would always be at the W hanging out with these guys who were probably up to no good like your ex-boyfriend.
And eventually somehow I got in there and we exchanged numbers and I was excited about it.
And you kept blowing me off.
And then sure as shit, fast forward about a year and i was on that
bachelor party in vegas and we were at the sapphire is that what the name of it was yeah i remember
seeing you at sapphire but i don't remember the first night that i met you well that's a slap in
the face i'm sorry on a scale of one to ten with this biz getting the rack. Let's cut to the nitty-gritty here. Whoa.
Oh, okay.
Wow.
Oh, I don't even remember that either.
Oh, great.
Oh, wow.
This is perfect.
This is just biz.
Like, wait until she tells you about this night because you remember it.
So nothing memorable?
I'm the worst.
But I don't know.
I feel like you're great and you're hot
and everything you do is good. Well, that's a lie because I was changing positions every five seconds, so I didn't know. I feel like you're great and you're hot and everything you do is good.
Well, that's a lie because I was changing positions every five seconds
so I didn't come.
I was just counting the seconds in my head
because you were one of the hottest girls I'd ever slept with.
It was like a fantasy for me.
What I do remember, too, is how nice you were when I saw you at the Sapphire.
There was  I don't know if you were, like, surprised.
What?
Why are you laughing, Whit?
Was she going to be mean.
Well, no, I mean, she was, I don't, I don't want to say the word embarrassed, but she,
you know, she would go to Vegas when she was living in Arizona to probably get away from,
from seeing people like me.
Yeah, I was trying to be like low key.
Exactly.
But you sat on my lap for a while.
Then you took me to the back room you you tried to give
me free dances and then i ended up like saying no no you gotta you gotta make your money you're
wasting time on me and i think that's when you gained a lot of respect for me because when you
came back after that trip we ended up finally meeting up and i mean obviously it wasn't that
no i really liked you but like i knew i never heard the message that Tony left you until now.
But I knew once he left you a message, okay, this is done.
Who wants to deal with that fucking crazy act?
I don't want to get this guy murdered.
I don't want that on my conscious.
Yeah, no, it's not my thing.
What was confusing to me was that he said, don't ever talk to her again,
but then to ask you how crazy he was. So that was really confusing to me was that he said don't ever talk to her again but then to
ask you how crazy he was so i would that was really confusing for me yeah he well let's just
not even get into that he's just um scary are you still stripping only when i have to isn't it
it's exotic dancing darling why don't you move back you move back to Arizona and you can come move in with me
and we'll just live happily ever after.
Okay.
Well, I'm actually going to go there next week.
Oh, I'm not here.
I'm not here.
I'm going to be in New York City.
This is my biz, Adderall.
So back to biz.
So in the rack, is he a generous lover?
Would you call biz a generous lover in bed?
I liked it, yeah.
Did you do overwork in Montreal, Laura?
I know that's kind of like the exotic dancing capital of North America.
I have not, but I heard that the girls are really slutty there.
It's funny because every dancer up there tells you they're a student.
So, I mean, what percentage are actually students, you think?
Do you guys think that there's, like,
are they sluttier over there than here?
Or what do you think?
Absolutely.
And if you're a hockey player, then go for free.
I'm trying to be a nice girl.
What's the most an exotic dancer can make in a really good year?
What's on the high end?
What would she pull down before taxes?
A year?
I don't count that long. you're like month to month day to day day to day gotta respect it out there hustling
laura well laura we uh we want to get you some followers we want all our um our awesome listeners
who are going to be very respectful and be very complimentary on your page. Are we allowed to give away your Instagram?
Yeah.
And they're going to ask me about your deck apparently.
Oh no.
Yeah.
They're going to be like sending emojis of like shrimp and calamari and
stuff.
There's a new anteater emoji that'll be sent to you over and over and
over.
That's hot.
Promo code biz 20 off a 20 off lap dances now, Biz.
Is that going to happen?
Oh, I could get you some business.
You guys got to get together.
You guys got to get together next week, though, Biz.
I mean, if I don't see a video of you guys having a nice dinner with some wine,
I'm going to be severely disappointed.
On Grinnelli.
Well, Laura, what's your Instagram?
It's Laura,YouLongTime.
L-A-R-A and L-U-V.
Do you know Robert Kraft?
No.
Why?
I'm just wondering.
He's the Patriots owner who got busted at the rub and tugs.
LauraLoveYouLongTime.
Why do I have to know him?
Are you throwing me?
It was just a question.
It was just a question.
Laura, we want to thank you for coming on.
And as you mentioned, it's Laura, love you, long time.
And that's L-A-R-A-L-U-V-U-L-O-N-G-T-I-M-E.
So, wow, you got 25,000 followers.
You're a big deal.
I'm all right.
Fuck you.
So good. followers. You're a big deal. I'm alright. Fuck you.
I mean,
having it be love you being the LUVU is like, I couldn't
have guessed that. I mean, that's
so perfect. I knew it wasn't
L-O-V-E-Y-O-U. I'll tell you
that for free. Keep them guessing, Whit.
I like the full metal jacket.
Look at this booty, bitch. Yes, I miss you.
Look at these pictures.
Why do you think I lasted two minutes?
You're stupid.
My tongue game 100, though.
Laura, I want to thank you for coming on.
I miss you.
I really want to get together next time I'm either in Vegas or you're in Arizona,
and I'll treat you to a nice dinner.
All right.
Sounds good. Do you like applebees
fuck you all right we'll talk soon babe that interview was also brought to you by
quip one of the most important things we do for our health every day is brushing our teeth yet
most of us don't do it properly quip is a better electric toothbrush created by dentists and
designers and quip was designed to make brushing your teeth more simple, affordable
and hell, even enjoyable.
Quip has sensitive sonic vibrations
that are gentle enough on your sensitive gums
because people often brush too hard
and some electric toothbrushes are too abrasive.
There's a built-in two-minute timer
pulses every 30 seconds to let you know when to switch
sides because up to 90 of us
do not brush for the two full minutes
or even clean evenly.
There's also a multi-use cover that mounts to your mirror and now mounts to slide over your
bristles for on-the-go brushing because it declutters your sink. It makes traveling with
an electric toothbrush a lot easier. And brush heads are automatically delivered on a dentist
recommended schedule every three months for just 5 because three out of four of us use bristles
that are old, worn out,
and ineffective.
Quip is one of the first electric toothbrushes accepted by the ADA and has thousands of verified
five-star reviews.
I mentioned before I'm a big Quip guy because I used to use all the freebies that my dentist
gave me.
Nah, all set with those.
Quip's the real deal.
I'm on board with Quip from here on out.
That's why I love Quip.
And they're backed by over 20,000 dental professionals. Quip starts at just 25. And if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets,
you get your first refill pack for free with a Quip electric toothbrush. That's your first
refill pack free at G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash chicklets. Once again, thank you to Laura.
dot com slash checklist.
Once again, thank you to Laura.
Hopefully you guys follow her on Instagram.
Be polite.
Do not be rude.
Because if you are, I'll fucking find you and I'll murder you.
Not actually.
The death threats are running off on me.
I want to talk about that little kid that just buzzes around and snipes Genos in Vancouver.
He had a sick shootout goal and a sick goal in regulation.
Elias Pettersson is insane.
His shot is the most accurate in the NHL, and I have stats to back that up.
He's played 60 games this year.
He has 27 goals on 122 shots.
He's shooting at a 22.1 rate for goals.
He's actually tied with Braden Point, who's played in 70 games,
who has 38 goals, and he's actually tied with the exact same shooting percentage.
There are guys who have like 100 shooting percentage
who have had one shot in that.
I'm talking about guys who are like legit players in the NHL
who have played every game, who are over 50 shots on net.
This kid is an absolute stud.
And, Witt, did you see that goal?
It was just incredible.
He had a little bit of a spell where he couldn't score.
He was in a little bit of a slump which totally understandable
I mean how often do you see a guy not have a slump his first year but the stuff he does on
on a nightly basis is crazy to watch and I think that um to come out of nowhere and and and turn
yourself into kind of a an elite level like star I mean I'm not going to say superstar but he's
going to be there I mean next year he could get 100 points if he stays healthy.
But to do this this quickly, and I know I called it before the year.
There was a lot of people calling it.
I'm not taking credit for this kid.
Believe me.
My ego is not that big.
But I will say a lot of people weren't sure what they were getting into
in terms of watching him, and it's been a treat.
All right.
You're going to love this one.
So speaking of shooting percentage, not so good we got to
see the Oilers play against Arizona Coyotes tough loss for the Oats and OT McSnooze and got two and
one but uh Tobias Reeder who used to play for the Arizona Coyotes who now plays with the Edmonton
Oilers went into Saturday's game had 57 games played with 77 shots on net and no goals no he's on pace to beat the record
which was craig adams who played all 82 games one year for the penguins he had 84 shots on net
no goals man he's getting a shot a game one couldn't sneak in not one which is which is
insane so keep an eye on tobias reader a great
kid i feel bad for him that that i mean a lot of guys in that team have struggled this year
um you know our our boy luch fuck man i love him i just want him to turn the corner he had four
goals in january he's got five on the season so i just hope he fucking has a good off season and
comes in and rips it up because he's such a great guy.
And, you know, I'm sure he's dealing with some shit in Edmonton
because, you know, they have a pretty vocal fan base.
How about the balls on Pedersen, though, to pull that move?
I mean, he's a rookie and he pulls the Forsberg move.
I mean, that's such a legendary thing.
You know, he put it on a postage stamp, what, 20 years ago or whatever.
But to try that, just have the balls to try it and then to pull it off, man.
I don't think these young kids even consider that having balls.
I think that kid went down.
He's like, this is how I'm going to score.
This move works all the time in practice.
They don't even consider it having balls.
They're just doing all they know how to do is just light people up.
I mean, I know what you're saying, but it's more just so him just
that's how good he is.
Actually, more like confidence in action, I guess, than hump.
Yes, exactly.
And then also around the league, boys, I wanted to tell
I'm going to give a statement here, Grinnell.
You can mark it down from March 17th.
Witt said that the current format, the current eight teams right now,
that's who's going to get in.
I think Carolina and Columbus are going to get those two wild cards in the east,
and I think it's going to be Dallas and Business Boys Arizona in the west. I think they're going to out-. I think Carolina and Columbus are going to get those two wild cards in the East. And I think it's going to be Dallas and
Business Boys Arizona in the West.
I think they're going to out-battle Minnesota.
I think these are the 16 teams
as of March 17th that we're going to see
playing for Lord Stanley.
Yeah, and who's
not going to be playing for Lord Stanley is the
Buffalo Sabres who have just been
on a colossal
downward spiral.
They are 1-8-1 in their last 10.
Don't go there if you want to get a kill, Grinnelli.
Yeah, four.
Well, I actually do go there.
I got one at Rookie Party the one year.
But, buddy, it's been bad.
And, Grinnelli, I don't know what your futures bet was.
Was it 79 points?
Yeah, 79.5 points. and remember a couple weeks ago i said
i don't know if they're gonna get there and i got a ton of shit for it so i i still don't think
they're gonna get there i think what you need to do in order to win some money is just bet against
them because that way yeah so that's essentially hedge the bet you know i'm like i'm getting i'm
getting all good with the terms now puck land j line, Jesus. What's up, R.A.?
Well, speaking of gambling, I think we should have a little corner action, no?
Let's go, baby.
Let's do it.
We didn't do one last episode.
I wasn't feeling it.
I looked.
I didn't like anything, and I don't want to stare my listeners into shitty bets.
The previous one before that, though, I went 2-2.
I lost 0.6 units.
Not the best one, but, you know, c'est la vie.
You lost 0.62?
0.6 units. Oh, okay. Like know, C'est la vie. You lost.62?.6 units.
Oh, okay.
Like, based on going 2-2.
But I'll tell you right now, like, underdogs on the puck line have been huge.
I mean, I did a dollar AR the other day with Detroit and Ottawa on a puck line action reverse.
Now, a normal 100 AR pays you 400 if both teams hit.
But one team was a plus 500, and one was a plus 400.
I ended up splitting, but I made almost
400 profit on a split A out, which is pretty unusual. What I'm saying is these teams do suck.
They're actually playing with a lot of hot teams like Ottawa. They're showing up. I mean, if you
can get them minus one and a half at a plus 500, it's worth taking a flyer on them for shits and
giggles. As for my picks in this corner, Monday, Chicago is at home versus Vancouver. The Hawks
are playing for their playoff lives. Every game is basically a playoff game for them now. These are the games in hand
they need to win. So take the Hawks on the puck line for a unit Monday night. I think they roll
over Vancouver. And Tuesday, Montreal is at Philly. Same situation. Habs are desperate. Every game is
huge for them. And if Carey Price is starting for them Tuesday in Philly, take the Habs on the money
line for a unit and on the puck line for a half unit.
So those are the picks for this week's, this episode's corner.
How have you been doing overall lately, R.A.?
Dude, I've...
You were on a run for a bit.
Huge run.
Ever since the Edelman Super Bowl MVP,
I've been on a mad heater.
I mean, I've collected, legit collected over 20 grand
just, you know, that I've met my guy and cashed out for, I've collected, legit collected over 20 grand just, you know,
that I've met my guy and cashed out for, not won and carried it over type shit.
I feel like I'm going to cool down, though, because, you know,
when you go on a heater like this, you know it's going to stop at some point.
So I've been kind of like going to a little trepidation lately.
But, yeah, this is definitely one of the best heaters of my career,
both financially and record-wise.
Yeah.
No, that's a  so, fuck, you've probably been winning our listeners some money,
but you won't hear about it until you maybe lose them a few bucks.
We know how it goes.
Yeah, exactly.
They're the worst, those types of people.
Coming out of that, though, I just want to talk about another team
that's had a bit of a collapse is the Colorado Avalanche.
Had a good opportunity getting Anaheim in a back-to-back situation.
They ended up blowing a two-goal lead the other night to drop two straight.
They're six points out of a playoff spot.
They are on Sunday playing New Jersey.
If they don't win that one, I mean, you might as well put the nail in the coffin.
They've been 4-5-1 over their last 10, and fuck, man, they couldn't beat the Ducks.
And I know the D ducks have had a tough year
i i think the ducks are going to be okay moving forward uh with their game the other night the
ducks have lost 372 guys to man games uh due to injury over the course of the season that's uh
that's the most of any team of course arizona follows them uh they had 344 going into Saturday's game against Edmonton Oilers.
So for you Ducks fans, I wouldn't be so down.
You're going to get a nice high draft pick this offseason.
And I would imagine if guys get healthy in the offseason,
you guys will turn things around and maybe be a playoff contender next year.
I agree.
I agree with that.
I also think if you're an Avs fan, wow, that, yeah,
what you have coming is you're golden.
Don't worry about it.
They had one line.
We all knew it.
It's kind of come back to bite them,
but that'll change once you get the possible first.
Yeah, I guess both teams.
I was talking about the Ducks as far as their injuries,
but Colorado moving forward is going to have a solid squad.
There's no doubt about that, but just their top-end guys
just got worn out.
They just don't have any depth on that squad.
And Biz, I will just say we are recording Sunday afternoon,
so that is before Buffalo and Colorado have played today.
So for all the, you know, I know you did throw like some numbers
and records out there, so I just want to make sure
you don't get attacked online for that if they do win tonight or if their records out there. So I just want to make sure you don't get attacked online for that.
If they do win tonight or if their records do change.
A couple of things.
I also want to ask you guys about wit a funny chiropractic story with your,
your girlfriend's chiropractor.
Oh yeah.
Funny.
I was like,
what are you talking about?
So our chiropractor,
my wife and I,
Kelly Cornell,
her husband, Mike actually plays with Bridgeport in the HL.
He's been kind of up and down with them in Worcester, but good guy, tough as shit.
So she was saying that she had a patient.
Now, she can't say their names, right?
You know, you have like the HIPAA, I think it is.
But there was a 50-year-old or 55-year-old woman that listens to Spitting Chicklets.
She heard mention that she likes Spitting Chicklets. So that's what I'm like oh my god, some ladies out there listening to Biz talk about
old strippers he hung out with. So that was interesting to hear. And you had an old one as well
to talk about the podcast, right Grinnell? Well yeah, Dana B
our hockey guy and our cinematographer for the West Coast Wagon Tour
came down the other day and asked if I could send a T-shirt to his aunt
who lives in Cape Cod.
He said she's like a 55-year-old lady, and she's a big fan, huge fan.
So we sent her out a shirt.
She lives in the Cape all year round?
Yeah.
Crazy stuff.
Dana B., hockey guy.
And one more thing to go out for, for you listeners.
That game against Washington and Tampa got very chippy.
Tom Wilson and Eric Cernak, who actually used to play,
he was in the L.A. organization.
He's a nice player, dude.
Yeah, Cernak?
Yeah.
Yeah, he's a beast, too.
You should see this guy off the ice.
He's made some sick plays this year.
He looks like Ivan Drago. But they got into it and that those two teams meet each other again on Wednesday
and Tom Wilson uh shedded the mitts after the officials had gotten in the way I'd imagine that
something ends up transpiring because of that uh Wilson um some people are calling it a questionable
bit hit but he he gave a hit in that game people People are saying he came off the ice and gave it.
I watched a clip.
It wasn't a dirty hit, but I'd imagine sparks are going to fly
when those two teams meet again on Wednesday.
Actually, I just want to give a quick shout-out to the
At-Teal City crew for that Mike Hoffman banner they made.
They made a Hoffman 68 banner in San Jose with the dates
June 19, 2018 to Juneth, 2018, when they acquired
him briefly before they got rid of him again.
I thought that was a pretty clever thing.
Hoffman thought so as well.
He tweeted at those guys.
So, you know, we love creativity like that.
Anytime people make jokes like a friend spitting chiclets memes, I like to appreciate it and
give those guys a shout out.
Absolutely.
And before we leave, boys, just a quick reminder.
Herbal Active still has the Biz 30 promo code for 30 off their products.
That will be ending Tuesday morning.
So you're going to get this on Monday.
Hopefully you guys are able to save a few bucks.
And that's the 100 hemp-based CBD stuff we've been talking about.
So check it out.
Herbal Active is U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.
Make sure you're grabbing some New Amsterdam vodka as well
to enjoy your Pink Whitney.
They've become quite a thing.
I might make one myself a little later to celebrate St. Patrick's Day.
All right, guys.
I'll talk to you boys on Wednesday.
Ciao.
Have a great week, everybody. An angry fist or a wound Filled with hatred and remorse Where it begins
Scratch to the blood
It must decide a rage
Now that fills my lungs
For there are many ways
To kill a man they say
With pain in a sword
But son of bullet fired
From a shapeless gun
To put the shell of a Thompson gun
Walk away me boys
Walk away me boys And Walk away, me boys
And by morning we'll be free
With a golden chair
From your mother, dear
There's much left of the fight for me
