Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello. Feeling hot, hot, hot Feeling hot, hot, hot
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 160 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Let's say hello to the gentlemen today. Let's go to Biz first this time.
Where are you? In the desert right now?
I'm north of the border.
That's a hotel room. Oh, lock up your daughters and wives actually where are you in the desert right now are you traveling north of the border that's a hotel room oh lock up your daughters and wives where are you i got a nice
hot date tonight too vancouver british columbia heard of it oh you flew laura love you long time
up there no by the way i want to thank her for coming on she got a little bit of a chick let's
bump boys i think she's gained about five five thousand instagram followers um as i asked for
people to be somewhat respectful uh commenting on her page uh some people might have missed that part
after we had our nice interview with her so as i said if you do follow her on instagram
just please be respectful she's a nice young lady um i had a great time with her about six
seven years ago a crazy situation happened and we just thought maybe we'd share it with you guys.
So I got a lot more crazy stories where that came from.
We'll have to tell the Bibby Jones one coming up here in a few weeks.
Well, there's Bibby Jones, little Eskimo brothers with Gronk.
Next up, our boy, Whit Dog, with the sunny ocean behind you.
Looking good there, brother.
How are you?
Yeah, it's great to be here still.
I'm still here, in case you guys are wondering.
A little bit of an issue today.
I'll just go into that a little later.
I don't want to just tell the story right now.
No, no, tell it now.
Fuck that.
Let's hear it.
No.
I want it.
All right, so snorkel ends the thing.
Snorkel.
We're going to go snorkeling.
I want to go snorkeling.
Yeah, honey, I'll go snorkeling.
And, you know, he's 15 months old dude sometimes he's pissed off there's he just wants to walk around the whole time like so we're looking around this snorkeling trips the snorkeling
well there's 30 there's 25 to 30 people on the boat it's four hours i'm like listen i i can't do
that if i want to go in after two hours who knows i mean i i don't know how long i'm gonna want to
snorkel i'm good at it i'm really good at breathing through that thing. It's incredible.
Actually, I did it when I was younger, but who knows? I don't want to necessarily go for three
hours. It's the third largest or best reef in the world behind Australia. And I don't know,
somewhere else, maybe Argentina, are they on the water either way? So we go and I finally figure
out, we go to talk to the guy. What about a private boat? What about a private boat party?
We can go in when we want. He says, yeah, your private boat
is 1,300. I'm like,
what? Are you kidding me? 1,300?
By the way,
I'm like, whatever. I'll just
go an extra shift at NHL Network.
I'll cover this. Whatever.
I'll go and have a good time. I end up paying.
It ends up being with tax even more.
It's pathetic to even admit it. What happens?
We go out there.
Ryder starts crying immediately. I'm talking
screaming. Screaming, crying. We get
25 minutes on. I'm like, by the way, where's this reef?
It's 25 minutes away. I don't understand
how far away this can be. Finally, we get there.
He's screaming. All of a sudden, she gets
her, you know, she starts feeling
sick. I don't know. This is too rough water.
I jumped in the water for five seconds.
I saw the sunniest, most beautiful ocean along with these incredibly colored fish.
There was a black fish with a little fluorescent blue along the side.
It was the most incredible five seconds.
You know what happened?
We had to leave.
We were out there for 35 minutes.
It cost me 1,500, 1,600, the biggest waste of a day.
You know what she says driving in? Oh, I'm still sick too, but
at least this will be like something funny for you to talk about
on Chicklets. Yeah, thanks a lot.
I'm looking to pay 1,500
to have stuff to talk about on Chicklets.
I got plenty of stuff to talk about to make people at least
try to laugh. So this whole day
has been a little bit of a disaster, but after this,
you know what? I'm going to go to the golf course.
Tomorrow I have the NCAA games,
and I'm happy as a pig in shit.
I would have given you
more bang for your buck for that fucking money.
Oh, yeah, and they didn't even have...
So she's like, can I get a
life vest? I'm like, you need a life vest to jump
in six feet deep? Why are you wearing a life
vest? No, you're always supposed to have life vests on.
Dude, they give her one of those survival
kits. If you're going to be in the water for 20
days trying to survive one of those, you can't even
get horizontal with this friggin' LifeVest.
She tries to go three feet, and then
that was it. Her stomach hurt. It was just
all she wrote. Whatever. I'm not
going to keep bringing it up. You saw one
fish, and that was... I saw a bunch of beautiful
fish, and one of them was black with blue
on the side. It was insane. It was
black. It was like getting a matted-out escalade so let's let's play a little contest
with our followers let's see if they can send you the fish that they think that you saw they have to
google search it and find it because you probably don't know the name of that fish correct no no no
but like turks and caicos area water is really bright and it's black with a very fluorescent
color on its side.
All right, let's see.
Maybe people know they're fishes who are listening,
and I'm interested to see what you saw for 1,500.
So sorry about your luck, Whit,
but now we just got to work harder on the podcast to pay you back for your trip. Exactly.
I got an extra ad this episode.
Snorkeling's the ultimate road game.
Once you see another fish or a shark,
you realize how fucking vulnerable you are in the water.
Last but not least, our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
Mikey, you had some fun with the boys Tuesday
night, little bas-stool at the Collie.
Bruins spanked Frankie Borelli in the aisles
5-0. Looked like a pretty festive
time. Fill us in. Yeah, I mean, I won
my rent on the game, so that was pretty cool
to start. And yeah, it was nice going
into Frankie's barn and just bending him over
and spanking him. I mean, it was
all Bruins fans in there. I mean, the
whole argument that the Coliseum
is a hard place to play was
single-handedly disproved
last night. It was all Bruins
fans. I saw more McAvoy jerseys than
anyone. It's a tough
look for the Islanders and their
fans because I feel like they can
only rise to the occasion when they're either
playing against Crosby and the Penguins
or the fact that Tavares made his return.
Because Avery made a comment
to Borelli about
how when they would play the Rangers, Rangers
fans would go in there and take over. Well, that's
a fact because they played Boston and
Boston fans had a Bruins chant going
and did Dave post about it?
Oh yeah, there was legit probably with like five or six minutes left the Let's Go Bruins chant going. And did Dave post about it? Oh, yeah. Yeah, there was legit probably with like five or six minutes left,
the Let's Go Bruins chant started and it radiated the place.
The whole place was chanting it.
The whole section in front of us was wearing Bruins jerseys.
Jeez, that's a tough look for Borelli.
And then you got to chalk another point up for Avery because he was
because I think Borelli shunned that comment.
He was like, that's not true.
That's confirmation that for sure
Rangers fans took it over if Bruins
were able to go in there and do it.
Shout out to the Borellis though. The Borellis, they had us there
for before the game and after
the game. Mr. Borelli's restaurant, it's unbelievable.
That guy is unbelievable.
Fantastic Italian food. They did
Barstool Radio there as well, serving
Pink Whitney's, New Amsterdam.
It was a good time.
Yeah, that rink, it's a dump.
You can say what you want.
Cool viewing experience with the game.
We go into the dump.
Good for the restaurant to be nearby.
The thing about Frankie is every game, biggest game in my life.
Dude, 82 games.
You're lucky there's probably going to be more than 82 this year.
Just take, you don't have to
figure out every game talks so much shit that
every game is like the be-all end-all.
You just got waxed at home.
Bruins fans chanting,
go Bruins, go. We want
it. Another awful Bruins chant that
I've heard before. We want it. It being
the cup. If they did that in Nassau calls
can be pathetic either way the Islanders
there my call they're gonna get worked over in the
first round it's been a very special year but they can't
score they can't play offense with these other teams like
these all right
I gotta ask you or I don't know if you
were gonna save it for later
but the char on Martin fight you got to
tip your cap to Martin going up against
Chara and Chara I mean it kind of leads into our McGregor conversation.
He fucking buckled him.
And Martin's no easy pushover.
Literally my next note, Biz, it's funny you said that.
Z versus Matt Martin.
I thought what was really great was Z had some major praise for Martin after the game.
He talked about him in the interview.
It's a good clip.
We can retweet it from the Chicklets account.
He said, I respect him. He's obviously been in the league for a long time. Tough as nails. He's a good clip. We can retweet it from the Chicklets account. He said, I respect him.
He's obviously been in the league for a long time.
Tough as nails.
He's doing his job for his team.
Great job by him.
Chara had some great things to say just about Martin's whole career,
what he's done and how, you know, it's a dying art right now.
And it was a hell of a scrap to you.
I mean, you've got to have some major balls to step in
versus Chara on the ice like that.
And it did.
It actually did kind of feed into McGregor, Rousey, Biz,
free-for-all chat we had.
I was actually just going to say,
I was sitting next to Feidelberg during the game,
and he pointed out Matt Martin's wife to me, Sydney Esiason,
or his fiancee.
Gorgeous girl.
But her face, when he was fighting Zidane O'Chara,
it was like out of a movie.
It's like the girl when the guy was fighting the mountain.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
You're like, you know, this dude shouldn't be fighting this human being.
Like he's a monster.
He's the mountain.
Yeah.
And yeah.
So shout out to him.
That takes a lot of balls.
And, you know, it's nice that he was commenting his career and how he's kind of had some longevity
considering fighting's been slowly,
how would you say that?
Dying.
Going away with the dodo.
Yeah, sorry.
I couldn't put a thought together there.
Shocker.
What else is new?
Okay, so quickly to go back to the McGregor and Chara thing.
I've been taking some heat online for it.
Listen, whatever.
McGregor might win the fight.
Fuck.
But don't tell me it's not going to be
a good fight these people are saying that mcgregor would end them in in like two minutes where it's
just like man this guy's got a wrestling background he's in incredible shape he's got 10 inches in
height i'd imagine his arm length is probably similar to that and fucking he outweighs him by
90 pounds so i don't know i I think I'm picking Chara.
Chara's got a winning mentality.
He can flip that switch.
I'm picking Chara all day.
Yes, McGregor could get inside and somehow pull some sort of arm bar,
whatever those guys and those animals do.
If Chara were to grab him by his left hand, he's 135 pounds.
Chara did 30 pull-ups at training camp one year in the Bruins.
I'm talking arms straight.
None of the bent arm stuff where
the trainers back in the day, one, one,
one. No. Straight arm,
30. He's 265 pounds
and his arms are
I can't imagine how long they are. What is that?
When you do your arm span, it's the same thing
as your height, right? So the guy is a machine.
If you were to grab McGregor and string him out with his left hand and then drill him with
the right, everything's over. So it's the weight issue. I'm not saying it would be impossible,
but yeah, I'm guessing Char would be an enormous favorite if they were meeting outside a bar and
fanual brawl. But nonetheless, MMA fans don't want to hear it. So let's just put it to rest.
Yeah, it was one thing. I wish I thought of it last show, but there's an old clip from a movie.
It's Bruce Lee versus Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
I'm not sure it was Game of Death or one of the great Bruce Lee movies,
but he swears off of Kareem.
It's a karate style, but it's pretty cool because it kind of ties into what we're doing.
Obviously, it was a movie.
It wasn't a legit fight.
And one other quick note, by the way, Frankie Borelli,
The Islanders last won it in 1984,
not 1983. You might want to
know that if you're a super fan of that big guy.
He didn't know their last title?
He said, well, he was on the radio. He was like, the last one
I do is 84,
maybe 83. It's like, that's 84.
That's a very tough look.
Maybe it's a little blurry memory.
I'll give him, he said 84.
Biz, if you're a diehard fan, these people who sleep in their pajamas
like Tavares, the people who get like a new koozie every year of their team,
you know the last year of the title.
Yeah, of course.
It's like a baby thought.
I was trying to get him better for the day because we've been ragging on him
and the Islanders a little bit this episode,
so I was just trying to maybe neutralize it.
But, hey, fuck him.
It just happens when it's Borelli, man.
He just gets torched.
All right, enough of the Isles brewing shit.
We got a little over two weeks left in the schedule,
and there's still three divisions up in the year,
but the Tampa Bay Lightning already wrapped up not only their division
but the President's Trophy.
It's the first in franchise history for them when they beat the
sorry, they beat the Yotes 4-1 on the Gulf Coast Monday night.
Obviously, the team is proud of the accomplishment, as they should be, but it's worth noting that since 2005, only two President's Cup
winners have gone on to win the Stanley Cup, the 2013 Blackhawks and the 2008 Red Wings,
both of those scarring memories for a couple members of this podcast. The Lightning still
has a shot at the all-time points record. They would need to finish off winning eight of nine.
The 96 Wings, who did not win the Cup, finished that year with 131 points.
That's the record they're shooting for.
Tampa could also catch the same Detroit team for most wins in the season.
Detroit won 62 that year.
Tampa currently has 56 wins with nine to go.
What do you got to say, Witt?
One, great job, R.A.
Very smooth.
Very smooth.
Appreciate that.
Second thing, we've said all year that we really haven't talked about them
that much because of how good they've been.
It's like, what do you keep saying week after week?
I mean, to me that makes sense.
But talking about those stats you just gave them, well,
those numbers and their scenario that they're in, it's incredible.
And I think that I love my bet.
I love my bet for them to win the Stanley Cup early in the year.
I believe I got it at 7-1.
It might be 6-1.
It could be 8-1.
I think I'm imagining the 8, maybe 6.
Who knows?
Either way, they look great.
Ironically enough, people say we're biased.
I'm not even a Bruins fan.
People know I love the Penguins.
The Bruins probably could have the best chance of any team in the league beating them.
I don't know.
Like for some reason that matchup,
yeah,
last year they won one game and then got worked over,
but they are just so good.
Tampa.
They're so deep.
They're so fast.
Stamkos is breaking records.
Kucherov's breaking records.
Their team is breaking records.
So they're the favorite.
They're one of the biggest favorites you've,
you've ever seen going into the Stanley cup playoffs.
But for some reason,
I look at everyone,
you know,
struggling and then possibly the Bruins being able to give them a series. Now this relies on Tuca. Absolutely. you've ever seen going into the Stanley Cup playoffs. But for some reason, I look at everyone struggling
and then possibly the Bruins being able to give them a series.
Now, this relies on Tuca absolutely bringing it
and kicking them out left and right.
But right now, they're the overwhelming favorite,
and you've got to just give them congrats and kudos
because a lot of those guys aren't even making that much money
when you look around the league at the other salaries.
Question, do you guys know what the bonus is from the league
for winning the President's Trophy? Is it a guy no is it each of them get a bonus or at least
that's way more than the soup than the cup bonus okay so that okay my bad i was i was asking the
question i know i didn't even know they ever got one but i i mean i'm acting like i'm a sure it's
not 250 but i didn't even know they got one. Yeah I believe there's a bonus
unless they took it out in the last CBA but I know
some guys have gotten them
in recent memory
first of all let's go back to that game
Coyotes outshot them 29-24
so very lucky win for the Tampa
Bay Lightning. Whatever
Stammer gets the record. The guy doesn't even
know what color tape he wants on a stick
does he really get to hold the record. The guy doesn't even know what color tape he wants on his stick. Like, does he really get to hold the record?
Ouch.
Biz, of course, you're referring to in the same game, our friend of the show,
29-year-old Steven Stamko, still young.
He passed Vinny LeCavalier for most goals in Tampa franchise history
with his 384th.
Wasn't one of his patented one-timers, but a nice little tip out front.
Go ahead, Biz.
Yeah, accidental tip. As I mentioned,
he was probably confused in front of the net
just like he is when he's trying to tape his stick.
Coyotes won 56
of the face-offs. They dominated them all
over the ice. Tampa Bay ends up winning that
game 4-1. Coyotes beat them
7-1 at home. Coyotes win the season
series. If they meet in the Stanley Cup Finals,
I say Coyotes in five.
That's pretty much all I've got to say about that.
On a serious note, congratulations
to Stephen Samkos and the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Holy shit, those guys are ridiculous.
Coyotes played out of their
minds and it was 4-1.
They are going to be very difficult to beat.
I think that a Boston and
Tampa conference final
would be electric. Is that even possible?
No.
Listen, that gets and Tampa conference final would be electric. Is that even possible? No. No.
Fuck.
See, and then, listen, that gets back to the playoff format.
Let's not even get into that because people are going to be mad,
swearing at their radios right now or their iPhones.
One thing I kind of wanted to discuss,
and this is going away from what we had planned,
was how do you guys feel about changing the point system to three
for a regular regulation win, two for an overtime win,
and then, of course, one for an overtime loss?
I think that would just  to me, if you win a game in regulation,
it should be more valuable.
And they try to do the point system right now to keep things close.
I actually think that it would allow a team who's maybe back, you know,
eight points with 10 remaining to actually have a chance to come back.
Cause if you're giving more, if you're rewarding teams to win in regulation,
they're going to go for it.
So they would actually have a chance to run the table and catch a team.
Cause like some teams like just hang on for the point in regular season
towards the end
these three-point games I mean yeah so what if you so what if you didn't even need the three
and you went two for a regulation overtime shootout win no I'm sorry two for a regulation
win one for an overtime or shootout win and then the loser gets nothing well yeah I think uh that
would ultimately be kind of I like the three two1 setup just because I feel like if you go all the way
to the end of a shootout, you deserve a point.
It's something, yeah.
Yeah, but whatever.
I mean, I'm not here to argue your point about the
I just think a regulation win should be worth three points.
There's got to be more value in that than winning a shootout.
I agree.
Well, there is a little bit.
They have the ROW, but
that includes overtime. So the
regulation and the overtime wins, they do matter
more. But that's only in tiebreaker
scenarios. You're right.
That wouldn't really bring it to the preseason.
Just some food for thought. What do you think about it?
I think that's Euro style.
I think that's very similar to soccer.
I think they reward you more for the actual
win. It sounds off the top of your head. It sounds like a good
idea, Biz, but I know usually with these things, when you
poke around a little, there seems to be some
detriment somewhere along the line.
But yeah, I don't know. I don't have as much
of an issue with the points right now. I like the
shootout. I think it just seems like people
always want to tinker with the point system.
But yeah, I don't know. I don't know if they're going to
do anything going forward. Actually, they're not, because we just had the GM
meetings, and there's no plans anything points-wise going forward.
So there won't be anything.
I think, well, what they like about it as far as a league standpoint
is it keeps more teams in the race longer, which sells more tickets,
which, hey, if it's a business, I agree with that.
I just think from a team standpoint and for some teams who get hot late,
who aren't that far behind, it is hard to make up ground.
I mean, if you're five points out with, you know, 10 games remaining,
you've got to win fucking eight or nine games
and then hope some teams are going less than 500.
So, you know, I mean, people are going to probably kill me on my math there,
but let's move on.
I didn't notice anything bad, but I wasn't really listening.
I wasn't on the math show.
Going back to Stamkos real quick.
Vinny LeCavier once again released a nice statement through the team,
but he said that he knew the record was going to fall the first time he saw
Stamkos take a one-timer in practice, like however long ago, 10, 12 years ago.
He said, first time he saw him take a one-timer, that's it.
My record's getting broken.
I thought that was interesting.
Stamkos also set the record in his 737th game in his 11th season.
Three fewer seasons, almost 300 fewer games than Vinny,
averaging.52 goals per game for his career.
Stamkos.
And it's his sixth season with at least 30 tucks.
You know, he had a couple injuries a few years ago,
so it's nice to see him get his swagger back and break the record.
Stamkos also, the first time I met him, he's got swagger him get his swagger back and break the record. Stamko's also the first time I
met him, he's got swagger. I mean, I
met him in Vail. I
actually met him at the golf course, I think. I'm talking
Nike shirt, Nike belt. He looks like, is this
guy a Nike rep from the
tour? I mean, he looked, you know, he
has something about him, Biz. I know you've met him, you've
hung out with him. But
I also thought it was interesting to hear him
say one of the people that really helped him it was interesting to hear him say one of the people
that really helped him the most. I think he said one of the people to one of the first people to
really believe in him. I'm assuming he meant at the NHL level because obviously he was a stud
growing up, but he said Rick talking and that's pretty cool. And that kind of explains a lot into
Phoenix's of Arizona's success, excuse me. And that's why I keep bringing him up for coach of
the year. If they get in the playoffs, I, even with the Cooper stuff,
I know we talked about that,
but interesting quote by Sam goes to bring up a coach of an opposing team.
Granted,
they were playing them,
but just to show how,
how much he appreciates talk,
it's efforts in,
in kind of pumping them up.
Well,
I believe when Barry Melrose got fired early into Stan closest first season,
I want to say talk.
It took over as head coach.
I could be mistaken on that,
but Talkett is such a player's coach.
He's gained some big friendships
with guys that he would play now.
Like, look at him and Kessel, man.
They're like good buddies.
They text all the time.
Another example of it is Clayton Keller.
He's had a solid year.
He ended up making the All-Star game,
but there were some spurts in his sophomore slump
where he would go a little stretch of games where he was struggling.
He said he would text talk and he'd say,
Hey, talk, do you mind sitting down and watching some video with me?
Maybe it's becoming more common now, but it wasn't that common back then
where there was that texting and interaction between players and head coaches.
He's the type of guy you want to run through a wall for.
And you saw after he broke the record, he actually pointed to Toc and he said, thank you.
And then Toc kind of gave it the nod.
And Toc doesn't want the praise.
You know, he'll talk to him in the hallway after the game.
No tummy sticks for Toc.
How times have changed.
Scotty Bowman was having the guy in the hotel make guys sign a stick
if they were coming in after curfew.
And that's how he'd find out we'd mentioned.
That's how he'd find out who was coming in late.
It's gone from that, getting a bellman to rat guys out for you,
to a coach texting a player to talk about watching clips.
So that's our style at Spittin' Chick.
Let's get a little bit more of the personality involved and hey and and keep in mind man like like talk it had his experience with the
head coaching in tampa he in fact did take over that year for barry melrose so he had uh barry
melrose head coach of a team that's when barry melrose said that he goes stamp coast ain't ready
he can't play and then and then he got fired I think it was what 12 it was like 16 games into
the season I mean Stamkos finished with 23 goals 23 assists I mean a guy who was 18 years old
stepping in the league putting up those numbers that's pretty good considering he was getting
health bombed actually uh interesting I don't know if we talked about this during the Stamkos
interview is in Stamkos's first year they they would have him not play every game. They would have him sit out some games.
And like work out or something.
Yeah, they would make him work out because he was still fairly small.
I mean, obviously, he's always had that speed,
but he came out of Sarnia very young.
And because he was progressing so much towards like the last 20 games
of the season, Talkett finally said,
guys, we fucking need this guy in the lineup like he's he's an nhl player now he had two goals uh two nights ago and we're we're
playing against the penguins uh can he play maybe yeah so talk him out there help us on the power
play at the top of the circle you know he stands there yeah yeah that spot right over there uh but
no but we kind of went on a bit of a stammer rant but uh you know he's he's come a long way and then
uh and then shout out of course to r Rick Tockett for helping these young guys out
and find their game at the NHL level.
Yeah, well-deserved for stammering.
Also, we hadn't mentioned yet, we are bringing on retired NHL defenseman
Rob Scuderi in a little bit.
What you played with him.
Actually, both you guys played for a little bit.
He's got some good stuff.
Bobby Scud.
Bobby Scud.
He turned into Bobby Scud when Michelle Terrien loved him so much. It wasn't Bobby or it was Bobby Sc stuff. Bobby Scudds. Bobby Scudds. He turned into Bobby Scudds when Michelle Terrian loved him so much.
It wasn't Bobby or it was Bobby Scudds.
Bobby Scudds.
Before we get there, you got to tell a story that he forgot to tell,
and it was involving Rookie Party and Sidney Crosby.
And you told me afterward that you forgot to tell it,
and it is fucking hilarious.
Yeah, I mean, it was  I don't remember the place we were at.
I know we ended up at, like,
Nikki Beach later that night.
This was probably 2005, maybe 2006.
Nikki Beach, this club in New York City.
But, I mean, I don't know.
Maybe I'll get shit for telling this story.
But it was so goddamn funny that
we were forced to go up there as rookies
and we were forced to kind of tell a joke i don't know
if it was tell a story or tell a joke either way you had to get up in front of the entire team
luckily we had seven rookies i've talked about this before i got lucky on the money colby armstrong
eric christiansen sydney crosby a bunch of others that aren't coming to my mind right now but
so we're telling a story and sid gets up and it's his turn to tell the story and
or a joke, either way.
He's in the middle of it and Johnny LeClair,
just the old veteran. He's probably been
to 15 of these things. His teeth are
a little bit red. He's crushing wine.
Just ripping on guys, but in the best
possible way.
Johnny Lacks, shout out to you.
You know I love you. He probably
hates my guts too. I used to drive him insane.
Either way, that's besides the point.
So Sid's telling his Joker story, and Johnny Lacks is like,
hey, Sid, that story sucks.
Actually, go sit in that bowl of ice cream.
And Sid's like, what?
And he's like, yeah, take your pants down and sit in that bowl of ice cream.
One of those big containers.
A monster bowl of ice cream.
Chocolate, vanilla, just scoops of ice cream.
There must have been 100 scoops in there.
And so it says like, all right.
So, you know, down comes his pants.
His boxers come down.
He just sits in the bowl of ice cream.
I think this is kind of like, you know, a lot of other conversations going on.
Either way, it was funny.
Very quick.
Funny, funny thing.
Turns out about two hours later, I'm sitting next to Orp.
He goes, oh, my God, look at Scud's.
Scud's is over there, mowing down
on this ice cream. I'm talking
at an
extraordinary clip
and he's crushing the ice cream that
Crosby's had him.
You must have been on the L.A.
Before we go to Scud's,
he's already said
he'll come back on. There was another funny story from some la party he was at
uh but he'll go into that story i'm sure he'll remember
hey he must have been in the bathroom when he said that and then he probably you know he's
just like oh fucking ice cream he's mucking uh vanilla bean sydrosby, butthole hairs. Very, very funny.
Oh, fuck.
Sorry, Ari.
I had to get him to tell that story.
No, that's a little extra grundle cheese on your fucking Sunday.
That's always nice.
Not sure if you caught Louis Domingue.
It was a quick sit down.
It was quick.
Yeah.
We're talking about Selly's always on the show.
Louis Domingue's postgame.
Selly's.
Have you seen him, Biz?
He gets up a little pocket bike.
I don't know if they still call them pocket bikes.
It's like a tiny little motorcycle and he's fucking flying down the hallway
with the players walking to and from the ice in full fucking goalie gear, man.
Did you catch it, Wits?
It's always nice to have a backup where he's like a fun guy joking around
the room, keeping it light, especially the workload that he gets.
You know, Vazleski, he's a beast.
I mean, although Deming did step in this year when Vesleski went down with a foot injury.
Yeah, so credit to him.
And also, do you want to touch on the Selly issue, Whit?
Oh, no, I was just going to say Doming was like, he was like Luigi in Mario Kart,
just bombing around on that thing.
But it was pretty funny.
I mean, either way, I've been pretty impressed by that guy.
I mean, he struggled a little bit before, but when he played this year,
he's been in front of a great team.
But still, he had some awesome numbers.
He's like the guy from the Saw movie.
As long as your backup is like a good guy and doesn't mind just taking one
off the neck like early in practice on a Tuesday morning,
I'm like, sorry, bro, but it's not.
You know, you don't hit Fleury in the neck, you hit Louis Domingue.
You don't hit Vasilevsky. You get Domingue. Oh, sorry, but it's not. You don't hit Fleury in the neck. You hit Louis Domingue. You don't hit Vasilevsky.
You get Domingue. Oh, sorry, Louis.
All right. What's
the guy in the Saw movie when he comes
on that little trike and he's like, do you want to play a game?
Is that what he says? Full confession,
Biz. I never saw any of the Saw movies.
Yeah.
Not a huge modern horror guy.
I like the old horrors. I'm not a big modern horror
guy. Although this Peel guy dropped Get Out, which I thought was very innovative and good.
Some people didn't like it, but of course, that's how she goes.
And then they're dropping a new one.
That looks insane.
It does.
Looks crazy.
What's it called?
It's called Us.
Yeah, Get Out was phenomenal.
Did win an Oscar for writing.
But yeah, it's called Us.
It's a family.
They're on vacation, but there's like another Us. It's a family. They're on vacation.
But there's like another family that's a carbon copy of them.
And they haven't really revealed a lot in the trailer other than it's real creepy.
The initial reviews from Sundance said it's phenomenal.
The movie's great.
What's interesting, too, is all the actors have to play both roles, like their regular role and then this like other role.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
So I'm looking forward to that.
Biz just mentioned Mario and Luigi.
Speaking of video games,
I'm not sure if you guys caught the Carolina hurricanes latest celebration.
They did a little duck hunting after the game.
Did you see this wit?
I saw it.
Okay.
You look,
you looked like you didn't see it or something.
A couple of dudes.
It was just two guys in like where the Pierre Maguire stand.
It was a whole bench doing it. So just, I saw the two guys in the where the Pierre Maguire stand? Or was it the whole bench doing it?
I saw the two guys in the penalty box, but then someone,
I'm not sure who was throwing the gloves out in the ice,
like as if they were the ducks that they were shooting down.
I don't know, but Don Cherry might stroke out if he sees this.
I'm really down with that one.
And they're getting more innovative about it.
No, they're getting there.
A hundred percent as a, as a hater of it,
they're getting better and better.
I know. I got more original. And then you're just, well, percent as a, as a hater of it. They're getting better and better. I know.
I got more original.
And then you're just, well, here's what, here's the thing.
The duck hunt thing was the perfect example.
They, they have the entire arena to use as terms of the big screen, the noises, the props,
the lights, the exactly all, they have all the props to make this just like a full on,
uh, perfect scenario in terms of like having to be able to you know being
able to show all this shit so i know i just worded that like a complete ra move marbles in my mouth
wit but still you know what i'm saying all that stuff makes it a lot cooler hey they're gonna
start signing guys you never heard of who were like in septicelay they're gonna be putting on
like the old show after the game coming down from the jumbotron with that rope thing and
oh is it i thought i got a bigger laugh on you guys for that one.
Hey, you know, it's got to keep it real biz. We don't,
we don't do fake laughs on the show, right?
Yeah. Well, I mean, help a brother out. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It goes around, comes around.
Speaking of the hurricanes, they've been a nice story this year. You know,
even if Sally's not driving some people crazy,
they're on track to make the playoffs for the first time in 10 years and a big, The Hurricanes, they've been a nice story this year, even if Sully's not driving some people crazy.
They're on track to make the playoffs for the first time in 10 years.
And a big, if perhaps unheralded, part of that success has been Jordan Stahl.
He's more of a defensive specialist, but we did want to acknowledge he got his 500th career point Saturday night in Raleigh
with the goal versus Buffalo.
He's got 213 goals, 287 assists in 883 games.
You know, he's a guy who had some early success with the Pens, won a cup,
and then joined his brother in Carolina.
Thought they were going to play for a long time, but it only was about three years.
Signed that nice 10-year, 60 million ticket.
But, Whit, you played with Stahl in Pittsburgh.
What kind of guys does he like?
What kind of player was he playing with?
Great guy.
Very friendly guy.
Comes from a great family.
His father, Henry,
awesome dude. I mean,
he's one of the guys you'd ask about selling the sperm.
I'd let him dump one of my old lady.
Three fucking NHLers, and then the other one. Hey, he's a handsome jack
bastard, too. He's like the guy who
you can tell he's strong from
farming. He's just like a naturally big
boy, but that's kind of what
Stolze was like. I mean, he came in. He wasn't just wide
thick. He's like 6'2", maybe six, three. And he was able to play at 18 years old, 19 year old season.
He was able to play like shutdown against anyone. He could actually like physically,
nobody could really manhandle him from at such a, such a young age. So he was ready for the NHL
immediately and a unreal rookie year. And he's gone on to just have some great seasons. And I
think you don't hear about him as much.
Eric's probably more talented offensively,
not probably, is more talented offensively
and has had some crazy success in his career.
But Stolze, if you look at him, he got traded in that big deal with Carolina,
but since then they haven't moved him.
I mean, it's like a guy that you don't hear about often
but is so valuable to a team.
And off ice, he's just a really good person. So happy for him. And it's been, it's been a quite a run also for the hurricanes. They've lost five times in the last, I think 44
days. I mean, that's, that's a run that shows this is a true legit playoff team. And I think
that in the first round, no matter who they play, it'll be exciting. I think it'll be great hockey.
Yeah. They're a very exciting team to watch.
Quick stall story.
We were in Pittsburgh.
Winn, I believe you were at the dinner.
I've told this story, I think, once before on this podcast.
Four of us, we went to Umi, the sushi spot in Pittsburgh.
I remember this dinner, Biz.
Yeah, really nice.
It's expensive.
Well, Biz loses the credit card game.
The meal was like 700.
That's a big chink in the armor for a guy who's at that time probably played like six nhl games and uh so i give my credit card over and stalls
he ends up getting up goes i gotta go to the bathroom and then came back and then the waitress
brings over my card hands it to me and hands him his that had been swiped so he went and paid for
the dinner uh knowing that that was gonna going to hurt me for the 700.
So just a great guy.
And keep in mind, he was younger than I was.
He just started playing, too.
So I think it was his rookie year.
So a nice little signing bonus for him.
And we knew he was going to be there.
I think he hit every single bonus in his entry-level contract.
That guy was a stud.
Really surprised how the way things ended in Pitt.
I thought he would have been the perfect third-line center for them until the end of history,
but he wanted to go play with his bro in Carolina.
Whatever. Great
guy. Wish him well. That's all
I got to say about that. Thanks for picking up that
tab, Stolze. Shout out to
Umi also. I think still the
best sushi I ever had. I've had it a lot of places.
I've had it a lot of places
around the world, and Umi is the best.
It was so good that Alexey Kovalev,
when he was then on the Canadians, he had his pilot's
license. He would fly down to have dinner there,
I was told. So, somehow,
randomly, where do you see the best sushi you're ever going to have?
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Who would guess
that? The Berg.
Talking about other guys who hit some
mocks, Vancouver Canucks rookie
phenom Elias Pedersen
assisted on Marcus Gremlin's goal Monday night versus Chicago,
and in doing so, he set the rookie scoring record
for the Vancouver franchise with his 61st point.
He passed the fellow you might have heard of, Pavel Baret.
So far in the year, Pedersen has 27 goals, 34 assists for 61 points in 62 games.
It took Baret 65 games to get to 60 points.
You know, Brock Besseman, Vancouver,
is going to have this unreal one-two punch for years to come.
Biz, we talked about him the other day,
but it seems like he's going to be a guy we're going to be praising
on this show for probably the next, basically, the life of the show.
I mean, five, 10, 20 years, however long he plays for.
Filthy shot, water bug.
He has that, you know, assassin mentality where he just goes and goes.
He's fun to watch.
He's an entertaining player.
And all of a sudden, overnight, the Vancouver Canucks have a superstar.
Funny how quick it can happen.
Actually, wait, did you have something before we go to Scuds?
No, I was just going to say you're welcome, everyone,
who, you know, could thank me when I brought him up before the year.
I think a lot of pools have been changed around the fantasy hockey world
thanks to me bringing up his name.
Before we throw it over to Scud's RA,
I want to bring up a quick incident here.
The fake dump goal by Kevin Hayes.
But he gave it a little knee kick as if he was going to dump it in.
And it backed the defenseman off.
And sure enough, he ended up kicking it to the outside.
The play went behind the net and he ended up bearing it out front.
Now, this happened, I believe, right near the opposing team's bench.
And they were playing L.A. at the time.
Now, if L.A. would have had to watch the fake punt guy on the bench saying,
hey, watch for the fake dump, guys, that was my job in the NHL.
I would have been telling our D-men, watch for the fake dump,
and that wouldn't have happened.
They would have saved themselves a goal.
So the L.A. Kings, if you're looking for a lookout for the fake dump guy,
you're looking at them.
Yeah, Hazy's taking song internationally in Winnipeg.
I was impressed.
I was impressed.
Immediately, I had tweets flying over.
It works.
It works.
The fake dumping goal.
That is funny.
Funny stuff.
All right, boys, let's send it over to Rob Scuderi
for his take on his NHL career.
This interview is brought to you by Herbal Active,
the 100 hemp-based CBD we've been talking about.
They have balms that are great for sore muscles and joints.
They have the drops, which are taken by mouth,
that help out with anxiety, depression.
They help me sleep.
They help with my anxiousness.
They're just great for internal swelling as well.
I've mentioned this before on the podcast. uh, inflammation is a leading cause of disease.
And I take these things every day. I've been staying up on them. Um, I also have the mints
that they, they sell. Uh, those are great for situational, um, issues that were like, let's
say you're, you don't like flying and you just, you get a little spike in anxiety. Hey, take a
couple of minutes. They have five milligrams of CB in each one. They chill you out. They have dog cat treats,
which are, which are amazing. So check out their site. It's herbalactive.com. That's U R B A L
A C T I V.com. You can go to their Instagram or Twitter. You can message them on either for any
types of questions you have for, for things that you may be suffering from to see if they can help out in those areas.
So once again, that's Herbal Active, U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.
And you can find them on herbalactive.com, Instagram, or Twitter, as I mentioned.
Biz20 promo code when you're checking out if you do purchase something for 20 off.
So we're going to have a swipe up for you later this week.
Love you guys, and hopefully you guys enjoy this interview.
We are now pleased to be joined by a longtime teammate and myself,
a very good friend, a lifelong Jets, Mets loser fan,
but a Stanley Cup champion not just once on two different organizations. Rob Scuderi, how are you, bud?
Thanks for coming on Spittin' Chicklets podcast. I am very good. Thank you for
having me. So what are you doing now?
What's up these days? We're going to get to retirement first before we go back. What is your day-to-day
like? Since
retiring from hockey, I guess I could call myself an
entomans enthusiast so
just recycling
cycling through bakery goods and
and seeing how they are
and rating them as
such
I'm not doing much I'm
helping with my kids youth team
and
been doing a development role with an NCBC team.
They play up in New England a lot.
A lot of, say, 18 to 20-year-olds that are trying to find their way out to college
and figure out the best situation for them and move on.
So it's been fun.
They're good kids, so they're fun to work with.
That's what it's all about.
I'm wondering, you did used to tell me,
like, I'm going to become like 300 pounds when I retire. What are you, what are you weighing in that right now? And what is your workout schedule? Like, are you ever in the gym?
Um, yes, I am. You'd be very, very disappointed to know that I have been. So I would, I would say,
yeah, I work out, I work out once a week with free weights,
and then I do a spin class the other time.
I crush it.
Yeah, you got those lower body, those big, fat, quadziers.
You could just crush spin class.
Well, it's the only thing that kept me in the league because my upper body wouldn't get me past peewee hockey right now.
Yeah, you do have one of the worst bodies I've ever seen and played with.
Scuds, you might be a worse dresser than R.A., our other co-host.
What's going on with the old wardrobe these days?
I bet you it's great post-retirement.
Listen, well, first off, the great thing about not having a great body while you play
is that you don't look that bad when you stop.
That's very true. They're like, man, you've kept up you're like not really yeah no well my well i was uh i was talking about this with some
of the guys over the weekend i some of the guys would say hey scuds man it looks like you could
still play and uh i'd say oh wow take it as a compliment now the only problem is they said that
my last couple of years like hey scuds look Scud, it looks like you can still play.
I was like, no, I'm still playing.
I'm on the team.
Yeah, I'm still getting paid.
But as far as the wardrobe, as far as the wardrobe goes,
we all know that style is cyclical,
and I'm just waiting for it to come back, and I'm a patient man.
How many pairs of jeans do you have?
Do you own right now?
Probably the same two I had a couple years ago.
Light and dark, a light and dark suit.
Actually, I can't believe I forgot to bring this up right away.
Scuds is just getting back from Pittsburgh
where they celebrated the 09, the 10-year anniversary
of the 09 championship team.
I got many tweets.
I don't know if people were fucking with me or not.
They said, Whit, why aren't you back for this?
I'm like, God damn it, Chris Kunitz.
And he scored a fucking goal the night before
against the Penguins over the Blackhawks.
He's just torturing souls.
But how was it for you?
How was it to see the group of guys you got to win that first cup with?
And does the city of Pittsburgh still love its beer love its beer um well first of all it was awesome it was uh i thought it was real nice of the
organization i'm not sure if every organization does that uh some type of reunion but um i know
i could speak for everyone that we are real appreciative that the ownership group had us
back uh and kind of honor the team um like i, I don't know if every organization does it, but I thought it was very well done.
And as alumni, we all appreciated it.
The city of Pittsburgh does love its beer and, you know,
was great to see everyone.
Unfortunately, not a few guys could make it,
but I did my best to pick up the slack for those guys not being around.
Was Skilzy there?
Yep. He made the second night. I think he was working first night, to pick up the slack for those guys not being around. Was Skilzy there?
Yep.
He made the second night.
I think he was working first night, but he came down the second night.
So it was good to see him.
So Skilzy's Hal Gill, for those of you listening who don't know who Skilzy is.
He was kind of your  what was he?
Was he your Robin or was he the Batman?
Because you guys were like the dynamic duo who were killing off all those penalties. You won that first family cup in pittsburgh yeah batman and robbins is strong we
called ourselves bits and pieces because uh they had called me the piece at one point needed so we
called ourselves bits and pieces and that's how we got through the game but uh you know certainly
our styles was kind of strange that it that it worked you know usually you wouldn't see that but
you know for some reason we just had some chemistry and uh kind of ran with it worked. Usually you wouldn't see that, but for some reason,
we just had some chemistry and kind of ran with it.
So it was fun to see him and certainly a lot of great memories.
So, hey, when you're going back to that team,
I thought of Mark Eaton right away.
I hadn't thought of him forever when I saw the picture.
Some other guys, like, are you shooting the shit about hockey
or was it more just you're talking about what's going on now like i'm sure the night took you in a bunch of different routes
it's it's it's always a bunch of different things you know certainly you want to know
what guys are up to now and you know how their kids are doing uh you know it's nice to see
um you know what everyone's you know into their kids now our kids are certainly at an age where
they're you know becoming more interesting and more involved with other things.
And it's always great to hear that that side of their family life is good.
And then, you know, the conversation always rotates around,
much like it does in a locker room.
It just swings from, you know, thing to thing.
And some guy will bring up a funny topic or something that happens,
and that rolls into three more stories or four more,
however many it is.
It just keeps going.
And you have some laughs about it.
But that's the great thing about getting together every once in a while,
especially since you don't necessarily remember everything
or you weren't present for everything.
And when you hear someone else's side of it or something else that happens,
it makes it even more funny.
Scuds is the one guy who showed up where you're like,
oh, shit, dude, I even forgot.
I forgot this guy was on the team. that was scuds oh yeah i forget i was on a team um no no i you know what you um
remembered everybody so uh you know the the no concussion problems apparently yet um but the uh
no it was good to see everybody i remembered
everyone so it was it was not it was not a big problem unfortunately not everyone could make it
but it was it was still good okay so who was the one guy who showed up you were surprised
who was there was like was it was sakura there no no sick he didn't make it i think it was uh
sakura talbot uh dupuis couldn't make it. Certainly the guys are playing like Jordan Stahl, Brooks Orpik,
Marc-Andre Fleury, and, you know, but the guys that are still on the team,
you know, came to the little reception that we had after the game last night.
And Cooney was playing for the Blackhawks, so he was able to attend also.
So, you know, like I said, it was good to see everybody.
But, no, I remembered everyone, so it was good.
That's weird. I played 15 games
that year for the team. I think my
invite must have got lost and my
email got sent to the junk box or something.
Yeah, but it's called
an unvitation.
Oh, is that new? Is that like a millennial
thing? It's like a gender
reveal?
It's a Seinfeld joke, so I guess it's
passed on people's time.
Hey, Scuds, did you ever get the chance
to play with Biz? Were you guys ever on the same
team together? Oh, yeah. Really?
Yeah, well, we were
in pit,
and then back when
Biz was giving himself massages,
the table was too
busy with guys, so he'd put some lotion on and start rubbing down his quads.
He's like,
no,
I got it.
I got it guys.
Just rubbing himself down.
Not a high maintenance guy.
Not a high maintenance guy.
You know what?
Sometimes that lines long and you know,
you're at the bottom of the list.
So you gotta,
you gotta take matters into your own hands.
No,
we,
we played and then we played on,
I was,
you know,
as your career is kind of coming down to a close,
but you don't feel like retiring because they're paying you a good amount of money.
We played in Ontario a bit in 16, 17.
Yeah, we played in the American League together,
and that's when he was strolling around in wool suits.
I thought, it's like he got the thing out of a loss and found from the Great Depression.
Just sweating bullets.
I was like, hey,
are you trying to get a role in Boardwalk Empire?
Are you going to West Hollywood for
a call after this
or what?
I can't deny it. I was never
much of a clothes horse.
I can't say anything
about the style. I just sit there and smile and laugh about it because as much as I wish I could disagree,
I just can't.
It was never much of a closed source.
I thought it was Kevin Garnett's draft suit.
I thought it was like a hand-me-down or something.
I got eight buttons on it.
Stefan Marbury.
Yeah, Stefan Marbury special.
And one baby.
Yeah, well, it's vintage.
I'm selling them for  I'll sell them for big prices in a few years.
They probably  actually, I returned them from where they came from.
I probably put them back to the Salvation Army.
Oh, my God.
Hey, dude, I'm wondering, actually, how is, how was the celebrations for both your cups?
I never even talked to you about what you did for parties.
Were they crazy?
I mean, I know there was a lot of drinking, but what was that like?
It's fun.
I mean, each place is a little different.
In Pittsburgh, they won the two cups before in 91 and 92 in their heyday back then.
So not to take away from it, but I think that we had a great parade.
And it would be like a different party every night.
So we went to Mario's house right after the game in Detroit.
And that was a ton of fun.
And we had a blast.
and that was you know it was a ton of fun and we had a had a blast and then the next night was like the downtown night where we took it to uh the south side of Mario's and that was that was
a ton of fun um I can't and then we went back to Mario's house for like an official party where a
lot of the family extended family members were invited um you. He was always very gracious in that regard and always a lot of fun.
As usual, as these memories do,
they get blurry with the
consumption.
Is it still Miller Lite?
Are you still Miller Lite all the time?
Yeah.
I use it as a supplement. I take fish oil and Miller Lite.
Wait. Whoa, whoa. Time out.
Scuds, we're going to have to bleep that out.
We're a Budweiser podcast. I don't know if you
know. Biz is sponsored by
Budweiser Canada.
He doesn't drink.
I like Budweiser
too. I don't discriminate. We're going to have to
send you a case. From then on
out, you can use Biz20 promo code
to get a 20 off discount on Budweiser.
All right, sell it.
Hey, Scud, how's your dad doing?
I got a great story about Scud's dad, but has he ever told you this?
No.
How's he doing first off?
He's doing well.
He's still playing hockey three times a week, and when the hockey season's over, they play golf together.
No, he's doing well. He's hanging out hockey three times a week. And when the hockey season's over, they play golf together. No, he's doing well.
He's hanging out, doing well.
Awesome.
So, now, I'm sure people are aware this far into this interview,
Scud, he just got that dry sense of humor.
He can really bust balls with the best of them.
So, the first time that my dad met Mr. Scuderi,
it was when I joined the Wilkes-Barre team after my season at BU.
So my dad goes to a game.
Mr. Scuderi comes up to him and he's like,
hey, Dan Whitney, you know, what's going on?
Or, you know, Ryan Whitney's dad,
you know, what's going on?
Shooting the shit, gives him a pat on the back.
Great to meet you, Dan.
It's great to meet you.
My dad's like, this guy was the nicest guy in the world.
The best guy, I couldn't believe it.
So he's talking to my dad, just being so personal, making him feel very welcome.
You know, he doesn't know anyone.
He finds out two periods later, Scud's dad had slapped a sticker on my dad's back that said something ridiculous.
Like, I'm a clown or something.
That's why he was being so nice.
He gave him this slap on the back.
My dad's like, motherfucker.
How long after did you figure it out?
Did somebody peel it off his back and say, hey?
So he's like, hey, somebody put a stick on your back
that says you're a clown.
He's like, oh, fuck it.
I thought that guy was just being a nice guy.
He didn't even know my daddy was fucking with him.
Is that the same trip where your dad took a,
he was like taking a bath at two in the morning
and then when he tried, he was on the bus.
He was late to the bus the next day.
No, that was actually two separate dad's trips.
The one dad's trip, he came home with all the...
The dads came home at 2.30, 3 in the morning.
At that time, they used to make us stay with our dads.
Now they're smart enough to put the dads together
and give them their own room.
I see your old man's huge bush and shit.
My dad comes bombing in at 2.30, and he's loud as shit.
But being nice, he wants to allow me to sleep.
Thanks, Dad.
I only got an NHL game tomorrow.
He goes in the bathroom to read his book.
He goes in the bathroom to read his book.
This is after they've all had about 25 beers.
He falls asleep reading his book.
So he wakes up at like 4.30, or I wake up to an absolute smash bash of noise.
He woke up and went to stand up, but his legs were falling asleep while he was fast down on the toilet.
He went crashing into the wall and ripped off the towel holder.
He gets like, ah, fuck.
Oh, God.
Yeah, and then the other time was we were both late to the bus,
and he made the smart decision of going on the media bus.
I was forced to get stared at by Terry,
and so he was the only dad on that one.
Those were fun days, though.
Yeah.
They were good trips. The guys,
dads generally broke curfew, I would say.
Oh, yeah.
You said you drive your kids around to sports.
These soccer parents and hockey parents,
are they as crazy as everyone's saying?
You must have a few things to
say if they are.
Yeah. I guess, there's some, you know what,
I guess the number one thing you can say is
you can't tell a crazy parent what to do
because they're freaking crazy.
There's just nothing you can do.
So you can tell them, look, skating eight times a week
is probably not the best thing for your seven-year-old.
You're going to burn them out.
Send them to Russia.
Yeah, seriously.
But you can't tell them what to do.
So you try to  I'm not against anyone,
but you try to push them in the right direction.
Make sure the kid likes the game.
If he doesn't like the game, he's not going to want to show up.
It's only a matter of time before they burn out.
But like I said, you can't tell. You can't bring
a horse to war, but you can't make them drink. Unfortunately, some of these people are drinking the Kool-Aid
and they think they're going to get ahead at age 7, 8, 9. It's just
not the way it is. There's so much more development to go.
Keep the kid. Keep pace. Keep them on the ice or on the field
wherever it is. there's probably a limit
to what you should be doing and how much to give the kid an actual life maybe.
Let him try some other sports along the way.
When we were in Ontario, that was one of the things
that Scud's came to the rink one day bitching about.
He's like, these fucking parents are crazy, man.
He goes, they got off-ice workouts like three days a week.
They're sending me group emails like, hey,
I don't think your kid's taking it too seriously.
It's like, man, that kid's fucking seven years old, man.
I had a parent one time that asked me about how Boston was,
how it was down at Cambridge.
I said, oh, it's beautiful.
It's like a really fun place.
So whatever, we're talking about the area in Boston in general of Cambridge. I said, oh, it's beautiful. It's like a really fun place. Um, you know,
and I, so whatever, we're talking about the area in Boston general as a, as a great city in town. And I said, and they, well, you know, we're, we're thinking our kid's going to go
to school in the area. So I said, oh, is he going to go to Harvard or something? And I
said, well, we'd like him to. And I'm going, oh, he's going to play hockey. You know, I,
oh, you know, it's fantastic. Like that's great. It was like, well,, oh, he's going to play hockey. You know, it's fantastic. Like, that's great news.
Like, well, we're hoping he's going to play hockey.
You know, he's  right now he's seven.
You got to be kidding me.
It's like, you know, this kid's life planned out already.
I mean, he was the best player on the team.
Won't deny it.
But it's like, hey, that's a long way to go.
I mean, we can all remember the kid that was unbelievable at, you know, peewees.
And it's not as if the kid was a bad kid to get nothing against him.
He just, that's when he hit his peak.
You know, there's nothing against it.
It's just that was it.
So, I mean, sometimes you're going, oh, my God, like, you've got to be kidding me.
Like, could you please lay off this kid?
Can you imagine the pressure at that age, you know, to try to pull this off?
They're already looking at real estate.
He's got 10 years to go before he's even eligible to go to college.
Well, actually, I mean, you never give yourself enough credit.
But people do, I think, realize, you know,
how great of a player you turned into defensively, just a beast.
But, I mean, fifth-round pick, you went to BC, played four years,
and you, you know, pretty much knew your job. But you played, fifth round pick, you went to BC, played four years,
and you pretty much knew your job, but you played a while in the minors.
And then Michelle Tarian getting the job in Pittsburgh, I mean,
you were Bobby Scudds to him. We always called you Bobby Scudds.
What's up, Bobby Scudds? And if you look back, I mean, if it had been different, right?
Like what year did you go on waivers in Wilkes-Barre or leaving Penguins camp?
And you're like, all right, I don't even know, like, am I going to make the NHL?
I have no idea at this point.
Yeah, well, you know, it's always, when you look back in your career,
it's kind of crazy, you know, the turns you might take.
You know, but some guys are ready for the league right away.
Some guys have that poise, maturity, skill, whatever it is.
I mean, Whit, you had it.
You know, you were ready for the league at a much younger age.
I wasn't.
I needed a little more time. That's, that's fine.
I was never ashamed of that. It's just the path I had to take. But, um,
you know,
we came out of the full season lockout and I became a through the loopholes and
the contract negotiations, I became a free agent.
So they Pittsburgh offered me a one, uh, excuse me, a one way deal.
And I was, you know, obviously you're pretty pumped for that after you've been in the minors for four years, pretty much.
You're pretty pumped to get a one-way deal.
And, you know, the way it happened with camp and we drafted Sid and the team, you know, they thought that we were going to be this cup contender.
And I think we lost the first 10 games and it was you know it was it was just
tough because now you went from thinking you were going to be a contender and now you're fighting
for your job you know as you guys know you're there's always something to play for it's a
cliche but it's 100 true and you're playing for your job and you know do you have a future in
this league uh you know I got bumped actually Wittits probably the one who bumped me he got called up the bastard and uh you know i was i got cast to the sidelines and um you know it it happens but i went to the
i played for terrian i think the team was like 20 and 0 at the time and then um when they made
some changes in pit you know i got the call and i got called up and you know what night
plex you play the rest of the year was you know pretty good year like good learning experience and you take those things and you
move ahead and uh you know I was lucky enough that it blossomed into a long NHL career but
you know certainly when you look back on a time it's pretty amazing um you know the turn to take
like even Mark Eaton like he was a guy who was I think he was going to go to West Point but I think
he had a certain condition medically might've been asthma or
something that it couldn't go. He did two years in the USHL after that,
got a full ride to Notre Dame and then signed, you know,
a pretty great free agent deal out of college. I mean, not that army,
you know, West Point's an awesome place, but you know,
you look at sometimes the crazy stories that guys have along the way.
And it's you know and it's pretty interesting.
There's no linear path to the league for the guys that aren't labeled
at a young age to get there.
No, it's true.
You know what's crazy is thinking back to that year where the Penguins
brought in Gonchar and that year that they thought they were going to be
good, Sid's rookie year.
I don't mind saying this now because Gaunch is so incredible,
but do you remember him the first 25 games of that season?
It was like the worst hockey I think he could have ever played in his life.
They were booing him. Remember they were just booing him?
Yeah, they were booing everybody, and we probably deserved it.
It was bad.
I think it was one of those things that you try to throw together on the fly.
You know, drafting Sid was such an organizational changing thing.
And now it's like, instead of this maybe slow rebuild that you think, you know, you get jump-started with Sid.
And, you know, it felt like we kind of tried to throw it together.
And it's tough.
You have that many guys coming from that many different places.
It's tough to mesh in a short amount of time.
And we clearly just didn't.
And when individually, you know, you're not playing well as a team,
no one looks good.
You know, nobody looks good.
And, yeah, it was ugly.
Scott, I want to ask about Terrian.
I mean, you were in his good books for most of your career with him.
Do you have any funny Terrian stories you can tee up for us?
Let's see.
I mean, what's got some of you on?
Okay.
Well, I mean, the first one that comes to mind is,
I think, one of my favorites.
We're playing Edmonton at home,
and this will get any press because you can YouTube it.
You're going to get...
I think we lost 3-1
to Edmonton at home. 3-0.
I think Horkoff had a hard hat trick.
I want to say it's 3-1,
but I'll go 3-0. Horkoff
had the hat trick, and Terian,
if you look it up, that's when he went on his rant about
the deer sauce.
I don't know how long the rant was, but it was pretty extensive.
So the next night we went to Columbus.
So we go to the, you know, we're at the pregame meeting.
They made some changes.
I think we called up Danny Sabourin.
So Danny said, who's going to start that night?
You know, good guy.
And before the game, Terian has this, you know, epic start that night you know good guy and before the game karen has this you know
epic video of you know like look at this missed hit look at this terrible pass you know so he's
going through it and then he gives us this speech like listen this guy danny sabran has worked his
way up from the minors it's taken him you know he had a he had a shot early i think and then you
know just like i said about the linear thing yeah you know, it took him a while to get back.
And he's battled back in the minors.
He's done this.
He's done that.
Like, you guys better play for this guy because he's earned every single bit
of this chance.
And trust me, we all believe that.
We're not disputing that.
So we're in Columbus, me and Witter in the starting lineup,
and we had this press play that a lot of teams do where if you lose the faceoff, so we're in Columbus, uh, me and Witter in the starting lineup.
And we had this,
this press play that a lot of teams do where if you lose the face off, the defenseman kind of jump up on the wingers,
you know,
to seal them off.
So it's not just an easy option to get into the zone.
So we're,
you know,
warmed up and everyone's nervous.
Like,
okay,
let's just,
you know,
we've got a young team.
Let's get,
let's get down to business here.
Like,
you know,
okay, let's, let's scratch it off last night.
Drop the puck.
It's Sergei Fedorov, Rick Nash, maybe Zhirdev.
I can't remember the D.
So me and Whit jump up on our wingers, and the defenseman sends it,
and it kind of, I don't know, it doesn't quite make it for an icing,
but we did
our jobs like okay they didn't get control so sabo comes out to play the puck and he's you were
thinking okay he's just gonna put it behind a net or make a safe player and he goes to like
like he was ron hexdahl he tries to rip this puck but it doesn't go anywhere it goes right
onto the stick of sergey fedorov who's standing maybe at the top of the circles on the board
It goes right onto the stick of Sergei Fedorov,
who's standing maybe at the top of the circles on the board.
He passes it cross-eyed to Rick Nash.
I mean, and it's just  it's a tap-in.
And it's 10 seconds into the game.
10 seconds, and we had that.
So that's how we start the game.
Then later in the game  I mean, the game's obviously not going well.
At some point, Witt was going maybe the fastest he's ever skated.
He's going  you know. He's hustling back.
Like I said, we've all got something to play for,
or at least you're learning or something.
He's busting his butt back, and it's as if someone put a 2x4 and drilled it into the ice that he didn't see.
He just takes this tower, and now he's sliding on his stomach
as Marc-Andre Fleury had come out to play a puck
at about maybe 10 feet above the crease.
Oh, so Sabu had already got pulled?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Sabu's gone.
He's gone by now.
So Witt's out,
and he takes out Flowers. So it's a complete
yard sale. There's Flowers crap everywhere.
It's bright yellow, so you can see it.
Witt's crap's everywhere. We're on the bench.
I mean, you're crying.
You know, your eyes are tearing from the laughing already,
but you can't laugh because Terian is behind you,
and you're going, oh, my God, don't laugh, don't laugh, don't laugh, don't laugh.
Some of the older guys couldn't, you know, it just didn't matter.
I think Lyle Lodlum was there, and he goes, oh, my God.
The whole game doesn't go well. We lose
maybe 6-1 or 6-0.
We got into
Chicago, so we fly to Chicago that
night. And as Witt
and I were roommates, we turn on the television
and we all know the SportsCenter
opening theme.
The last picture on the highlights
of the opening kind of montage is
with sliding into flour,
taking them out crap everywhere.
So it was,
it was an interesting,
it was an interesting game.
That was one.
That was one really good story.
And what do you remember in Montreal?
That game we played.
Remember Steve Bay.
Jen,
do you remember what I'm going to say
is this the same Montreal trip where you're like
just bring us to the Ritz car
this is the same time it was when we were screaming at the cab
he'd take us to the Ritz and he'd drive us 20 feet up
the only thing I heard about that story
the only thing I have to say is
that that was completely true
but I think we actually gave the guy more money
than he should have had because we're so sorry.
No, we did.
I thought I said that.
He's like, double the money.
Sorry. We weren't
screaming rude, but like, buddy, can you just
please take us to the Ritz-Carlton already?
I know I dropped an asphalt.
I'm like, give us a fucking Ritz-Pond.
He might have driven us 50 yards, maybe.
And here we felt we were the ones that didn't understand.
Give people the Steve Bay-Ginwa.
Steve Bay-Ginwa.
All right.
Look, the guy's an NHL hockey player,
but he's certainly not on the scoring list.
So we're playing this game,
and he's all over the place the first period i mean
he's dishing pucks he's holding guys off i mean he's either he had the period of his life where
as michelle probably said we probably didn't play very well most likely it was probably a
combination of both so we come into the first we come and you know you go to the intermission and
coach comes in he's going to say a couple words and he comes in he's like what the fuck guys steve beijing look like wayne fucking gretzky so i mean even though you agree i mean
you're just you're crying laughing but uh no he was he definitely had some some good meetings
with guys i'm sure what can attest oh yeah i've told a couple funny stories. Hey, do you remember what Heatley said to me
when I was doing what I used to do to the knob of my stick?
Oh, yeah.
When you licked it, and he's like, that's fucked up, man.
Yeah, dude.
I used to always have to put baby powder on my stick,
and Scud would always be like, what are you doing?
But I needed to be able to move my hand.
And then it would get too slippery.
So I'd have to, like, lick it or, like, lick my fingers and try to get, like, some of it off.
And Scud's used to always say, what is wrong with you?
And then one time I'm out there doing it, and I see Heatley looking at me with a face.
And he goes, what the fuck are you doing?
Oh, yeah, that's fucked up, man.
What are you doing?
Scud's like, see, I'm not the only one.
Yeah, it's clearly not the only one.
But, no, yeah, tearing yeah tearing that those are definitely some fun
times and i played for daryl sutter as well he's a character he had some you know definitely some uh
unique stories that were that were pretty funny okay well let's get into la a little bit i want
to hear some of those sutter stories because i've heard he's like he's just a cartoon character in the room between periods yeah uh and then of course the differences in cup wins I mean one you're
you know you're at Mario's in Pittsburgh and the other one you're fucking hanging out with David
Beckham and and other celebrities yeah yeah no well I mean well Sutter was you know he came in
and again was it was a coaching change in the middle of the year we had Terry Murray
and uh you know they bring in Sutter for Sutter for definitely a hardcore disciplinarian.
I like him, but he was just super dry.
He came in one time, and we were playing St. Louis.
You probably remember they had Sabatka and Schwartz at the time.
Good players, tough guys to play against, but not overly big. Definitely played bigger than their size. in St. Louis and uh you probably remember they had Sabatka and Schwartz at the time good players
like tough guys to play against but not not overly big played big definitely played bigger than their
size always played tough so they were just kind of running around uh the first period on us we're
at home at the Staples Center and these guys are like running around us and they're hitting guys
you know and they're dominating the period so Sutter comes in between periods and he's like, hey, guys,
I will be the first one to go say something to the refs about Sabatkin and Schwartz
because those guys are running around and I don't want anyone to get hurt in here.
Now, I mean, to some, you know, some guys maybe that don't get it are going,
oh, okay, you know, that's a real nice of a, but clearly being the complete opposite,
being completely
sarcastic you know they're they're play tough but they're not overly big guys so for him to come in
oh these guys are running around but don't worry i'm gonna tell the ref because i'm afraid one of
our guys is gonna get hurt that was pretty funny and then the other time um he said he was i was
having a particularly terrible first period. I can't remember where.
And when you, when you play like to,
you guys know how the lineups are on the board.
So they'll have the four lines.
They got the 3d kind of all laid out.
So I was on the second pairing with Dowdy.
It was Mitchell, Mitchell, Voinov, me, Dewey,
and then Martinez and green.
So he comes in the first year, he goes, our, Dewey, and then Martinez and Green. So he comes in the first three.
He goes, our lefty got to fucking pick it up.
They got to pick it up.
And he goes, not the guy in the first line.
And the guy in the third line is fine too, but our lefty got to pick it up.
So I clearly figured out there's only three in the left side,
and he just eliminated the first and the third.
But, again, it's like something fun like if you realize what's
going on you know you laugh at it you get
the point you kind of move on
it's all his delivery too because he's
he doesn't talk at a pace like this
he's like I'm gonna have to
talk to the referees guys
I don't want to get hurt
and he's fucking
bent over and he's sitting on the floor
yeah he's hunched over and he's sitting on the floor. Yeah, he's hunched over.
He comes in, his shirt's untucked, you know,
within 10 seconds of the period being ended.
He's hunched down, his tie's hanging,
and he's kind of like leaning over.
He's got his hands on his knees and he's talking.
But, I mean, certainly if you appreciate the delivery,
it was hilarious, but you also got the point, and that was part of what made him a good coach.
You know, we had, like him and Penner always had some good exchanges.
It was an interesting dynamic, the odd couple.
But it was, no, he certainly kept you on your toes,
and that's what made him effective.
And then, of course, the cup win and the celebration.
I heard  well, I kind of know because a couple guys told me,
like that playoff run, like when you guys got the eighth seed
and you made the run there, that like every round it was like,
oh, okay, let's go out and party.
I mean, if we finish the eighth seed, we knocked off number one,
and then you guys just kept winning and the party would continue.
And you guys were knocking teams off in four and five games.
I think you only lost three games or four games that whole cup run.
Yeah, no, it was a good run.
It was kind of  the whole division that year was really close.
I mean, I think we had a terrible last weekend and ended up
we almost won the division and then we dropped to the eighth seed.
It was, it was that close and it was not like we thought we were playing bad, you know,
but certainly it just wasn't, it just wasn't clicking for us until maybe the last 10 games.
We did pretty well, but we had that bad last weekend, which kind of leaves you bad station
and malpendence to the playoffs.
But, um, we just, I think we just played loose, you know.
It's not as if we didn't have expectations for ourselves,
but you just kind of relax.
Like, hey, look, there's not a whole lot where the eighth seed  let's just, you know, kind of go out and give it the best try.
Not like  that's not a loser attitude.
That's really just what it's all about.
Let's make it happen.
And it just clicked.
And the guys were  everyone was playing well.
We had a good group.
We had a nice mix of veterans and young guys and skill and role players.
It all just kind of clicked at the right time.
And we definitely enjoyed ourselves.
So after the first round, I think we had  we won in
we beat Vancouver in five games.
The other series, I think two of the series in the Western
might have went to seven.
So we clearly had at least 10 days off.
So the coaches always gave us a couple of days off,
and guys definitely enjoyed themselves.
You should celebrate it and enjoy the moment and then move on.
But we definitely ripped it up a little bit between series,
but because you had the extra time.
So, Scud, other than my fall columbus are there any other ones that
are very memorable because i know the one that uh chris kelleher is involved in must be up top
of the list at the old hershey barn hershey barn we used to play in yeah yeah that was that was a
great one because again uh i think i think terry was was kind of honest case. And he was, you know,
it was one of those things where you're,
you're just holding onto the stick a little too tight and,
and he was just trying to do his job, but he had this, this hilarious fall.
I mean, that was, that was, I think he was the level of the boards,
just parallel to the, to the dasher. And, you know,
everyone's been there and I've had plenty of good falls.
No one
was laughing harder than me at the point where
you're getting up
and you're laughing at yourself.
I think actually when I was playing against
Penns, he had a pretty good one.
It was one of those where
every hockey player has been there at some point and you
step on the puck and you just
the way your body is at the time, you just can't seem to get it out from underneath you and he was
slipped several times have maintained his balance where it's almost just better if you went down
and uh you know they basically just went back and scored and then the same game i think mac green was
coming down like one of these plays where you're the defenseman coming up on the play late into the offensive zone. Pucks come up to the blue line, no pressure,
absolutely nothing there. He just kind of just takes a half digger, runs into the wall,
two on one the other way, goal. And that's usually the way it happens. You know, you make a terrible
fall and then they end up scoring on top of it. But I've had plenty myself. And you got to learn to laugh at it because, I don't know,
I think not many people appreciated a good fall as much as Witt and I.
So you got to be able to laugh at it.
I think Dewey loved him too.
He was a big fall fan.
I mean, Scud, is that the point now where I see you fall and right away I'm like,
oh, my God, I wish Scud was with me.
Like a good fall where it's a
straight up snipe job from somebody in the top row it's like how can you not laugh at that yeah
it's it's it's it's it never gets old it's just one of those things that i don't know some people
appreciate more than others and i think the i think the funniest ones are the guys that
almost make excuses for it like oh well no, well, no, you don't understand. I have this like, listen, just, just roll with it.
It was funny. You know, don't, don't deny it.
It happens to everyone at some point, just, just have a good one.
Do you, do you skate at all anymore?
I play a couple of times.
I have a couple of friends here that I played junior with before I went to
college. So I'll play, I'm a, I'm uh I'm a I'm a half half schedule
guy so I'll play one or two times a month and uh it's fun I enjoy it but that that's about that's
about all I have in me because I go on the ice with my boys um you know a few times a week and
I work with the with the junior team so I try not to go three rinks in a day I've learned is
is never a good thing so um but I do like to go on everyinks in a day. I've learned it is never a good thing.
So, but I do like to go on every once in a while.
And those guys were fun to play with when I was younger and still good company now.
So I like to get out with them.
Well, dude, I mean, I think that skating now is probably fun,
but I mean, do you at least try to hop into the rush now?
Are you like, I'm going to get involved offensively?
I mean, there was a time when Scudds would scream,
you know when you're wheeling the corner as a forward in the offensive zone,
the dude would be like, hey, hey, Scudds would yell, no, no, no, no,
because he didn't want the pass back to the point.
No, no, no.
I'm still, you know, when you play in the men's league sometimes,
like you know what you're signed up for so you can't complain.
Yeah.
But sometimes I still do the same thing.
I kind of drift around, make a breakout pass.
I'll jump into the play occasionally, but mostly there just to kind of get a little sweat,
move the puck, and enjoy the company.
Scott, you're what the league refers to as an analytic nightmare now.
So I would assume towards the end same. I was when I played.
Towards the end there, off the glass and out.
I'll never forget when you forgot to clear that puck.
Where were we?
We were in Iowa.
And we were like, oh, let's put the veteran D on the back end.
We're up 5-4 late in this game.
And you fucking rimmed it around.
I think you're still using wood sticks in
2016 right to their team and they were d to d it was in the back of our net luckily we won that
game in overtime but uh that was my my fondest memory of you in the jungle yeah that will be uh
yeah certainly my game isn't you know someone that's doing it now is just doing it differently
like you just hold on to the puck a little longer.
And that's what happens.
The game changes 10 years from now.
You know, the new guys will be saying that about the guys that play the game now.
It's just the way it goes.
I was fortunate.
I always considered just to play my game in the era that where it was useful.
You know, if I was playing the same exact game now, you know, be useless.
But it was at least I was able to serve a purpose in the era that I played.
The good thing about when Scud was in the minors was the meals after the game
in the NHL and the HL would be the same because you just get like a sub
from some shitbag place.
He's like, I'm good with a little chicken parm sub,
maybe it doesn't even have to be warm.
Sometimes, you know, you guys know how it is.
It's just like repetitive.
You know, it's a lot of the same food.
It's a long season.
So every once in a while, I used to mix it up in Wilkes-Barre
and just go to Sheetz, get a turkey sub, a little soda.
Wawa?
What's the other one, the competitor?
Wawa is pretty solid.
They've got a great steak and cheese there.
But just to mix it up
I still did it even at the NHL level
there's a place in Delhi in LA
I used to go to Rinaldi's
that was pretty solid before games too
a bologna sandwich
you were the original
Johnny ham and cheese
like I said you got to mix it up not every day
but you know sometimes you get sick of the
same thing i mean sometimes you're eating that meal and uh you know nothing i'm complaining
about the meal the food was delicious and everything like that but you know when you've
had it so many times sometimes you're looking at it you're like i'm literally just eating this to
live you know i i just want to i just want to mix it up. Anything different will be fantastic at this point.
Oh, Scott, you're a beauty.
Thank you very much.
Stanley, two-time Stanley Cup champion, Rob Scuderi.
Thanks for coming on, and I hope we see each other soon.
It would be nice to get together and have a couple of Miller Lights
or Budweiser's.
No problem, buddy.
Yeah, no problem.
Thanks for having me, fellas.
Thank you, Scott.
That interview was also brought to you by Credit Karma Tax. April 15th is coming in hot, but relax.
Credit Karma Tax is here for you because they make doing your taxes fast, easy, and free.
Credit Karma Tax is a premium online tax product that is always free for everyone for both state
and federal taxes. Some free services do not include things like mortgage interest deductions,
property tax deductions, rental property income, or self-employment tax,
amongst other things.
So you may end up paying to file your taxes with these services.
With Credit Karma Tax, free means free.
Just go to creditkarma.com slash tax to get started.
Filing your state and federal taxes is 100 free.
Plus you get free audit defense.
This means they'll set you up with pros to help guide you through the audit
process for free.
And they have an accurate calculations guarantee.
So get the refund you deserve and not a penny less.
Credit comma taxes help millions of people by offering tax filing services
for free that they'd have to pay for almost anywhere else.
Credit Karma Tax is the smart, easy, and 100 free way to do your taxes.
Go to creditkarma.com slash tax and file for free today.
That's creditkarma.com slash tax.
Creditkarma.com slash tax.
Big thank you to Scuds for coming on.com slash tax. Big.
Thank you to Scuds for coming on.
Uh,
some great stories.
Uh,
there was a few that he couldn't tell.
He was a little timid in his first,
uh,
kind of uncensored interview after retiring,
but a great career for him.
And,
boys,
before we get back into hockey,
I ended up going to a post Malone concert where my buddy,
uh,
Joe Sciola.
And I brought my buddy.
You're right over there.
Grinnelli?
Yeah, she's sneezing.
Allergic to kills.
Wow, I think that's it.
Call.
Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing.
Call. I don't even have anything to say.
I have nothing to say to that.
Hey, listen, I'm coming. The repairman's
coming to NYC, buddy. I'm coming to the repairman's coming to NYC, buddy.
I'm coming to help you get laid.
Don't worry.
I'll be there on Thursday.
I need Uncle Biz.
There's Boogeyman, dude.
Now he's really done.
Boogeyman.
Oh, shut up.
So the big shout out to my buddy, Joe Sciola, who brought me and Taylor
Piat, who finally was able to get out of the house since he's had his
beautiful new newborn, Penelope.
So we go to the Post malone concert first thing great um
he puts on an unbelievable show he's got some bangers he i wouldn't i wouldn't put him in like
the like the top echelon of rapper category i'd actually and i'm gonna get smoke for this i would
consider him the nickelback of rap now before before some of you people jump down my throat,
his rap is a little weird in a sense where they have a formula
and an algorithm of the beats they're cranking out
where they're not like gangster beats.
They kind of get your endorphins pumping.
Would you agree Grinnell is one of those young guys?
Yeah.
I'm a huge fan of his producer, Lou Bell.
He's from Boston.
His producer's a Boston guy.
Right, but like Sunflower and some of these other songs
kind of have a little bit more of a poppy tone to it.
Yeah, I've always thought of him as more of a singer, though.
I don't think like rap.
I picture him as a singer.
Is he considered hip-hop?
I think he's like hip-hop RB.
I think he started as a rapper,
and he's kind of transitioning into
uh singing which is smart because you can only keep that rap thing going so long especially
being a white guy who's putting out poppy rap songs uh but he lip-synced a little bit uh was
okay with that though because when he did sing uh he was very talented. I was shocked to hear how long these people wait to see him perform.
There was girls that showed up there at 1 o'clock
because we were fortunate enough where we got VIP tickets,
but there was a gate behind us where these girls had been sitting there
from 2 o'clock, and then the show didn't go on until like 8.30.
So they just sat there the entire time to see this guy play.
Now, another weird thing,
there must have been a rapper that went on before him.
Well, this guy came out to the VIP section and he stood on that gate thing
and he was just handing out 100 bills,
but he was making the people scream his name
before he did it. Did you grab one? You definitely
grabbed one. No, me and Paisey were
looking at each other like, what is this?
Where are we? He's like, hold on, Paisey, I'll be right back.
Hold my phone. Anyway, it was a cool experience uh shout out to post malone i
hope people don't knock me for the nickelback of rap comment and sure as shit they both have a song
called rock star so that's kind of the cherry on top uh we can move on and uh once again thank you
to my buddy joe for the tickets i i i like some of his songs. I know what you're saying, a little poppish,
but the always tired tattoo on your forehead,
as funny as that may be,
I would slam my son's forehead through a wall
if he had always tired on there.
What do you do?
It doesn't matter.
He's plenty of money.
He's funny.
People love him, but fuck you, buddy.
He just looks like he stinks doesn't he
like he must actually heard though i've heard of what i always thought was a wives tale similar to
like the the old tale like um who was it uh kim what was her name puffy's girl little kim little
kim got a stomach pump because she had too much cum in it like that's the wives tale like there's
a i've heard that about like so many different like i've always i've also heard that post malone
like made a couple broads pass out
from the smell of his B.O.
That's the same type of rumor that I've heard.
But yeah, I think he just reeks.
Uppy told me when he went and saw Jim James,
who's the lead singer of My Morning Jacket,
and he actually got us a bunch of pictures signed from Bonnaroo
because we went to see him live there.
He said that he's very pungent in the smell
department. These people, they're rockers.
They just don't care about that.
As I said, Post Malone,
his taint area
should be on Fear Factor. I bet you it's the
stinkiest taint going.
I put him up there with Frank
Fleming from Barstool for stinkiest taint
in the league.
Definitely don't want to go
spelunking anywhere near either one of those.
I haven't been to a rap concert
in probably 25 years, Biz. I'll give you a guess.
The last rap concert I went to.
Ja Rule.
No. 25
years. I don't even know if he was around.
I saw the Beastie Boys on the Check Your Head
tour. Shit, that was like
92, 93. Beastie Boys are awesome.
Yeah, man.
It was their first album, too, where they kind of like really played their own instruments.
Like it was the third one, which was at the Paul's Boutique.
So it was kind of a new style for them.
It was phenomenal.
And I got one of the, I don't think I've ever confessed to going to this concert.
It was, I want to say 89 or 90.
I saw MC Hammer in concert.
No way.
Yeah.
What was that like?
Was he good live?
Very white.
It was,
uh,
it was cause it was New England.
Are you saying he didn't have the respect from his brothers? And so it was a predominantly white,
white crowd.
No,
no,
I just,
it was all New England's fucking 99 white.
I think that's probably why the crowd was white.
Plus I think,
well,
MC Hammer appealed a lot more to white people. He didn't have a ton of street cred when he was when he well that's what
i think that's what i was thinking yeah i mean and you know i i didn't see a ton of black people
in there put it this way for mc hammer but yeah he was i mean he ran the fucking show when he was
he was a star i mean he's got one of the top selling rap albums ever but uh yeah it was
interesting robert parish was there too i saw him at. Wow. That's kind of cool that you saw the Beastie Boys.
Much respect.
Thanks, brother.
It was an honor to see them.
Meanwhile.
Honor.
Yeah, dude.
They're one of the greatest.
Beastie Boys are like innovators.
I think Eminem mentions them in his speeches.
Yeah.
Can't see them anymore, either.
Back to the Pucks.
Pittsburgh superstar Gino Malkin was hurt
in Saturday's loss to the Blues.
He took a cross check from Robert Bortuzzo during the game.
A lot of people think that's where he got hurt.
Regardless, he's listed as weak to weak with an upper body injury.
Back in February, the team got a taste of life without Gino
when he missed five games with an injury and one due to a suspension.
The team went 2-4 in that time.
They'll obviously want to avoid slipping too far and end up in the eighth seed
and playing Tampa.
Probably don't want that to happen to you right now.
I'll tell you one team that, you know, looking at these numbers,
they might not be as scary as people thought.
And they're the San Jose Sharks goal numbers.
They kind of jumped out of the page, Abby.
They have the worst combined save percentage of any team in the NHL,
not just playoff teams, any team.
Adam Gretz for NBC Sports,
they're a pretty good in-depth article with a lot of stats.
Martin Jones got a respectable record, 34-15-5.
Goals against 2-9-1 is rough, but the save percentage is 8-9-8.
I mean, that's bad for a number one goaltender.
Backup Aaron Dell with 17-9-7.
Again, that's certainly a respectable record for a backup.
But 3.10 goals against and a.890
save percentage. I can't imagine that instills a ton of confidence in Peter DeBoer's
confidence he has in his goaltenders. I can't imagine it's too huge with those
numbers. Among the 55 goalies that have appeared in at least 20 games
this season, Jones and Dell rank 48th and 55th
respectively in overall save percentage
there's man it doesn't look fucking great when you take a better look here huh yeah i mean we
had martin jones to win the vez at the start of the year i thought that was a solid pick i thought
that was a sleeper yeah and uh i mean jesus christ for talk about one team that has come
this long without winning a stanley cup and finally they've assembled an unbelievable team.
And the last time they went to the Cup, Martin Jones was a big reason
why they did so.
And could you imagine that now that they put the pieces in place
in front of him that he's unable to perform in playoffs
with the team that they have?
That would be absolutely colossal, I'm telling you,
especially with Joe Thornton in that locker room now.
We don't know how much longer he's going to play.
His body's falling apart.
The minute he leaves, it's just a different aura in that locker room.
They need him to fucking step up and be ready to go for this run
because this is their chance.
Their time is now.
And I hope for him and them that he can figure it out
because if there's one guy who deserves a Stanley Cup,
I would have put Joe Thornton ahead of Olvey.
But I'm happy Olvey got his.
Joe Thornton deserves his as well.
Couldn't agree more, Biz.
And I think there's a lot of parallels to the San Jose Sharks this year
and the Capitals.
It's the team that's been there forever.
It's the team that can't get over the hump,
that just can't get that Stanley Cup, and you're rooting for them
the same way people wanted to see Ovechkin win it.
Joe Thornton, you're right, Biz, it's probably even more so.
So the only difference is that the Washington Capitals were going into this last year's playoffs with Braden Holpe.
He'd had success in the past.
They had that rocking net that you need to really trust a true run to the Cup Finals.
And with the goaltending in San Jose, you really can't.
I mean, if you put Fleury on their roster, Tuukka Rask, say say what you want. If you want to be a Tuka Rask, you're an
idiot, you know, carry price. There's a lot of goalies you put in San Jose's team. You're like,
dude, they're the favorite. They're going to, they're going to win the Stanley cup. So either
way, it's, it's a big, it's a big test for both those guys. And, and I say both those guys,
ideally it will only be one. It will be Martin Jones. If it's both those guys, there's probably
an issue for the most part
at some point in the playoffs.
But it should be an interesting storyline to watch.
And I just want to kind of re-up what you said, Biz,
that get Joe Thornton a Stanley Cup.
I feel like we could possibly, without even knowing him,
get maybe a look to the Cup party.
No cameras, but he's like, Biz, just come and take it all in.
I'd be down for it.
One other note.
He said business.
I didn't do that on purpose.
But that just.
You can come, R.A.
R.A. got me earlier in the episode.
That was just a reciprocation.
That was a locker room chirp to the core.
I mean, that does not go by a locker room without someone saying what Biz said.
Hey, there's only one of us who drank out of the Stanley Cup here.
That's all I'll say.
Oh, shit.
No, there's actually one other kind of crazy note.
Over the past 25 years, there have only been 16 teams to finish in the bottom five in save percentage
and still make the playoffs that season.
14 of those teams lost in either the first or second round.
The two other teams went to the Stanley Cup final and lost. The 0-9 Red Wings, which Chris Osgood, this was crazy, like you just said
about turning it on for the playoffs. Osgood had an 8-8-7 regular season save percentage. He went
up to a 9-2-6 in the playoffs. And the other team was the Oilers in 0-6. But they had picked up
Dwayne Rolison at the trade deadline. that kind of wiped out the regular season but I'll
tell you man the Sharks are really going to want to catch Calgary
for the Pacific and avoid playing the Golden Knights
Holy shit R.A. you are buzzing
today. Yep.
A lot of credit to you.
TSN might pick you up. We got to
find a replacement Grinnell.
Dwayne Rolison by the way what a run
he had on that Oilers team. A lot of
funny Dwayne Rolison stories out there from Cogliano, Sam Gagne, Horkoff.
Very funny Rolly the goalie stories.
We'll have to get those guys on someday.
Maybe, guys, you can join me.
Thanks a lot.
Thought we were friends.
Hey, so I lined up the Tampa Bay Lightning rookie party one year while I was playing in Arizona.
That's basically what I did.
I played for the Coyotes as a healthy scratch, and I would line up other teams' rookie parties at the W. Scottsdale.
This guy was the drunkest guy in the world when I saw him.
With a dip in, I guess, too.
And he must have got his suit at a secondhand store.
That was Kevin Durant's draft suit.
This guy had like a five-button suit.
This thing was like he was swimming in it.
It was a concert suit.
I was like, man, how much money have you made made go get a nice tailored suit for crying out loud but nonetheless a great guy what
a great career so uh i i would imagine seeing him that night that there are a ton of duane
roland stories and if you're an oilers fan that magical run when chris pronger dominated if
roland doesn't get hurt in carolina game, you're probably Stanley Cup champs because it
still went to seven in an incredible game.
I think Mark, was it Jussie Markkinen?
Jussie Markkinen, yeah.
And maybe Ty Conklin was there too.
Either way, little Dwayne Rolison.
We got to get some Rolise stories though.
What else we got? I think that's one of the most underrated
Stanley Cups of this century too because
it was certainly the most unlikely
Edmonton versus Carolina.
Hey guys, real quick.
I just want to talk to you for a second about Indochino guys.
Everyone looks better with a suit on. There's no doubt about it.
And you feel more confident.
You feel better as a dude walking around with a nice fresh suit on.
And Indochino was the world's most exciting made to measure menswear company.
They make suits and shirts to our exact measurements for an unparalleled fit
and comfort.
Looking to get married?
We have tons of options for those looking to outfit their wedding party.
Guys love the wide selection of high-quality fabrics and colors to choose from.
Not to mention the option to personalize the details, including your lapel, lining, pockets, buttons, and writing your own monogram.
Here's how it works.
You visit a stylist at our showroom and have them take your measurements personally or measure at home yourself and shop online at Indochino.com.
You choose your fabric inside and out.
You choose your design customizations, submit your measurements with your choices,
and then you relax while your suit gets professionally tailored and mailed to you in a couple of weeks.
This week, our listeners can get any premium Indochino suit for just 359 at Indochino.com
when entering Chicklets at checkout.
That's 50 off the regular price for a made-to-measure premium suit.
Plus, shipping is free.
That's Indochino.com, promo code Chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
for any premium suit for just 359 and free shipping.
It's an incredible deal for a premium made-to-measure suit.
Once you go custom, you don't go back.
Also, on Monday, the Florida Panthers signed 22-year-old puck-moving
defenseman Brady Keeper from the University of Maine.
They signed him to do a two-year entry-level deal worth 2.7 million.
He had 22 points in each of his two collegiate seasons,
I'm sorry, 44 points in 73 collegiate games overall.
Keepers of Manitoba, and he's the first ever member
of the Pimichickamack
Cree Nation to play in the NHL, so it's a
huge accomplishment for him, as well as a huge
source of pride for everyone back home.
He's gone from Manitoba to Maine to South Florida,
so it's a pretty huge culture
shock, no doubt. Wits, you had a little more
information on him?
Well, I mean, I read the articles. I talked to my good friend billy ryan we talked about the kosovo we drove we talked about
50 sheep bill ryan well he's also a hell of a scout for the florida panthers and he went up
and watched this kid a bunch i think he was one of the main reasons he signed there and just some
really cool stories coming out of this signing it's like this is honestly one of the best things
about our our job i should say when we talk about this, it's just bringing up awesome stories from around the league.
And this is one that goes back into our interview with two,
two and kind of shows how special, you know,
someone like this making it to the NHL and actually getting a chance at the
highest level,
how much it means to people around this town and all the stuff I've heard
about him. Great kid. I mean, he went from two years ago,
he's playing in the Manitoba Junior Hockey League.
He played for the same team Tutu played.
And now, listen, I can't pronounce my own name.
So let alone just give me a little leeway in pronouncing his team.
The Opus Kauaiak Cree Nation Blizzard.
But he played there.
He went to Maine.
And when he got to Maine, he was out of his element, man. He man he just like you know Tutu talked about how different it is when you leave home and you leave
this life that's been so normal and now quickly to go into how different his life is where he's from
he was asked uh by Eric Joyce one of the guys with the Panthers you know he works in the front
office there he said hey what's your house's address he's like oh here's the road he's like
what house number is he's like we don't really have numbers on the houses. Everyone just knows where everyone
lives. So it's, it's so different. And two, two went into that. But when he got to Maine, I mean,
this was so, so much of a life change for him that it was really hard. And he also went there
with a son. He went there with his girlfriend. He's a, he's a stepdad to an, to another,
another son. And so, you know, he's in family housing at Maine. He's got this entirely different lifestyle.
He actually bought three or four different round-trip flights,
or not round-trip, sorry, trips home.
He bought a couple trips home three or four times.
His credit card ended up getting maxed out.
The coaches told him, no, no, you can't leave.
And in that time, he really leaned on Jordan Tutu,
and he talked to Tutu about, you know, how hard it was,
how different the lifestyle was.
I don't
think I can do this. And this is a kid that's so special in a sense that the last two summers,
a bunch of teams have asked him to go to their NHL development camps in the summer.
He said he'll go, he's agreed. And then he doesn't come because he's ended up saying,
I needed to be home making money for my family. Like I'm a father, I'm a husband. And so the
stuff that this kid's gone through and the path that he's taken, this is the type of thing where when this news broke back where he's from, there were kids cheering. There were kids chanting outside of school, going bananas, cheering for him, happy for him. He had 63 cents. 63 cents in his bank account.
account when he signed this contract biz. He had 63 cents. He went to the airport. He went to the airport. They had to pay it. You know, he had a couple extra bags. He got a stick. He's got his
hockey equipment, his clothes. He's meeting the team in Dallas. Dude, he had to have money wired
from a Florida Panthers, someone that works for the Panthers to pay for the baggage fees. And he
got 92,500 when he signed, he's going to get about 95,000 for the rest of the season being up with the Panthers.
And he's going to get another 92,500 when July 1st hits.
And it's just to hear his representative from Octagon, I don't have it written down.
I feel bad.
But a guy who's been with him a long time and him to say, I've been a part of a lot of signings
and guys who have signed for 50 to 60 million and set them up for life.
But this is the coolest signing I've ever been a part of.
This is truly life-changing.
So it's a kid that we're going to root for.
It's a kid with a ton of skills.
Right now, what I've been told is he's not a great skater, but he's got good technique.
You'll be able to maybe fix that, be able to get a little bit quicker if he just gets a little bit leaner, a little stronger.
He's never worked out in his life.
He's just a true athlete.
So good luck to him.
And I really hope he gets in a game pretty soon with the Panthers because his quotes on how much it's meant to him and how much that
it's meant to the people back where he's from, you know, this was an article and this was also
talking to people I know. And I mean, the fact that he comes from a place that, you know, there
was a national emergency in Canada in 2016, there was a state of emergency called where he's from
when five kids committed suicide. And then in the, in the weeks after that, 140 kids attempted it.
And to hear that, like, it just like to even think that number it's,
it's, it's bone chilling to think of that many kids going through that many
issues up where he's from. And,
and to to mention how hard a lifestyle that can be.
So to be the guy who ends up getting a chance to play at that top level for
this kid and Brady keeper,
we're rooting for you because I don't think, and is tutu's quote i agree though obviously i don't
he said i don't think that he understands how much of a difference he'll make to the kids and
the people where he's from so this is like it's it's the best hockey news you can get and it's
a cool story and i try i tell people to read up on him and read up on what he's gone through to
get where he is and just root for him going forward. Fuck. First of all, well said. That was incredible. I didn't know that much about
the situation, but not to deflect anything from him, but that just goes to show how Jordan Tutu
paved the way. He had somebody to talk to and to ask questions to because he was unfamiliar with
what he was getting himself into, as was Jordan Tutu when he was the first one right so like if Jordan Tutu hadn't done that this kid might have quit or or went home or
so you talk about mentors and how important they are there's a prime example so uh shout out to
our boy Toots uh who who obviously came on the podcast and set the swear word record uh we love
you buddy and great job and just a great story and way to tell it with. And one last thing I really, really appreciated reading this part.
He was cut three different times in a two year span by a triple A team.
And, you know, he ended up saying that his dad told him, hey, if you want it bad enough, you'll keep going back.
And, you know, just to hear like a father giving him that, you know, those words of encouragement means a lot.
I just like we said, you know, I said it 15 times, but good for him and we're rooting for him.
Yeah, exactly. It's a great story.
And these kids, they come from a situation that's that's a real rough one.
And they give them inspiration, hope to the kids back home.
So, like you said, we're rooting for this kid big time.
I'm going to switch it over to the world of gambling right now.
I know it's become very popular with a lot of our listeners out there.
I'm not sure if you guys saw this ticket that was posted on Twitter via,
who was the guy's name?
At covers underscore Vegas.
They found a ticket.
Somebody put a hundred dollars on the Islanders to win the division at the
beginning of the year.
They were a hundred to one on November 1st to win the fucking Metro division,
not the conference. I mean, that's a month in when they were probably around first place
right they weren't doing bad at all uh and it's a 400 ticket either it's not like a 10 ticket uh
the seller's trying to sell it i guess it's uh at pro swap and people have uh gambling tickets
they could sell them and you know for a percentage or whatever uh this guy's asking 13 400 for a percentage or whatever. This guy's asking 13,400 for a potential 40,000 ticket.
That's a pretty big ask.
I mean, he's basically asking for a third of what the winnings would be.
Would you bite on that one, Wits?
I would never give him that buyout.
There isn't a chance the Islanders win that division.
Really?
Wow, okay.
You don't even think they're going to be one of the top three teams.
No, no, it's fine. I mean, they've
kind of tailed off a little bit.
Yeah, that was my hot take, and I
don't throw out hot takes. I thought that they wouldn't
finish in the top three division.
I was just saying, to buy it for
13,000,
we were talking about what Grinnelli could do with
the Buffalo ticket as far as
you could just like
Start a file with it.
Hedge it.
You're saying hedge it.
Wipe his ass with it.
Yeah, you could hedge it.
You could just bet against the Islanders to lose in actual games
leading up to the final games and probably make it back.
Then who knows?
Maybe you end up turning that thing into 40,000.
I don't know.
Yeah, it would be a convoluted hedge.
I was thinking of that myself.
You buy  especially if a person bought it for that number.
It would be tough to figure out exactly how you would hedge it
with so many games left.
But, yeah, I mean, they're only two points back with nine to go.
It's not a bad ticket to be holding on, but it is a tough way to hedge.
Also, speaking of gambling, Stas Pucklineback has got a gift Tuesday night.
I sent you guys the video.
Alexander Radulov was going down, coming down the left wing.
He had an open net, about to make the game,
about to give a two-goal lead to Dallas.
Fucking Mike Hoffman throws his fucking stick,
knocks the puck away, and the ref awarded the goal right away to Radulov.
Been kind of keeping tabs on these awarded goals all year.
A couple guys got screwed earlier in the year when there were penalties.
They probably should have gotten them.
But it was interesting. The ref right away called it a goal, gave the puck linebackers, on these awarded goals all year. A couple guys got screwed earlier in the year when there were penalties. They probably should have gotten them.
But it was interesting.
The goalie, I'm sorry, the ref right away called it a goal,
gave the puck line back as a win.
What do you think of that?
It's a pretty easy call for the ref, right?
No doubter.
No doubter.
If you've got an empty net in front of you,
no matter what you do, if you cause the guy not to score,
he's getting the goal.
Or he should, at least.
Yeah, exactly.
It was a no-brainer.
But I just, you know.
If it was me and Gino Benda was roughing, he'd probably give the other team a call.
You know, but as, you know, we're big puck line guys here.
So to see someone get the cover on a thrown stick was pretty funny to me anyways.
Let's talk about the gambling corner now.
We already brought up gambling.
This episode's gambling corner is brought to you by ZipRecruiter.
Hiring is challenging, but there's one place you can go where hiring is simple, fast, and smart,
a place where growing businesses connect to qualified candidates.
That place is ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter sends your job to over 100 of the web's leading job boards,
but they don't stop there. With their powerful matching technology, ZipRecruiter scans thousands of resumes
to find people with the right experience and invite them to apply to your job. As applications come in, ZipRecruiter analyzes
each one and spotlights the top candidates so you never miss a great match. ZipRecruiter is so
effective that 80 of employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate through
the site within the first day. And right now, our listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free at this exclusive web
address, ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. That's
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Once more, ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Last week, I should say last episode, I went 2-1 for a plus 1.2 units.
And it's all thanks to Max Domi, man.
He flat out out-hustled Gutis and Konechny to a dumped-in puck,
slammed home an empty net, gave us the cover,
gave everybody the cover who followed through.
It was a huge win for me, no doubt.
Just another note to guys gambling right now.
The last couple weeks of the season, very dangerous time to be betting.
I would say to expect the
unexpected teams you kind of think are going to win
might not. You might want to maybe
pull your bets back a little bit. Maybe
not go as heavy as you normally would because there's a lot
of weird... Never!
A lot of weird
turnouts, a lot of weird results this time of year.
So in that vein, this is who I'm picking.
Thursday, Columbus
at Edmonton. I think Columbus is finally finding their form after all those deadline pickups. who I'm picking. Thursday, Columbus at Edmonton.
I think Columbus is finally finding their form after all those deadline pickups.
So I'm going to take Columbus, a puck line, just a puck line bet for a unit.
I think they're going to win.
I don't think they're going to be too cheap of a buy that night.
It's tough to predict these odds two days out, man. It's tough to do.
So I'm just going to take Columbus puck line.
Friday, San Jose at Anaheim.
San Jose is going to do whatever they can do to avoid Vegas in the first round.
I know I just kind of dumped, I didn't really dump on the goalies.
I reported their stats, but either way, I like San Jose.
Same situation, puck line for a unit.
I'm not touching the money line on either of the games.
So there you go.
Hopefully we'll see what happens.
And I know no one's going to hear this before the game's played
because the game's being played on Wednesday and this episode drops Thursday,
but Leafs lost again on Tuesday to Nashville 3-0.
I would hammer the Leafs tonight against the Sabres.
They have
Inventive.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
They'll be a huge favorite.
Oh, really?
What do you think?
I'm going to guess right now. Actually, I? What do you think? Am I an idiot?
I'm going to guess right now.
Actually, I could probably look it up.
Maybe already look it up while I'm guessing.
Where's the game?
In Buffalo.
Okay, so the Leafs back-to-back with a little bit of travel.
I still think the Leafs are minus 215 money line.
I mean, they've been struggling, so I don't know.
I thought this would be a perfect game for them.
The better teams, the teams in the playoffs against these.
It's almost better to take Buffalo, I feel like, at this point.
Just odds-wise, just a little bit.
Let's just take this out completely.
My side has them at minus 145.
Okay, okay.
I'll admit that I'm a horrific gambler and that I was wrong here.
Maybe because the Leafs have been playing so bad and they're on a back-to-back,
it's not as bad as I thought.
Yeah, they're minus 145.
And if you want them on the puck line, that's plus 170.
I think basically.
Okay, Biz, I'm doing this.
I'm on it, Biz.
All right, let's see.
Let's see how my first plays out.
Yeah, I'm hammering both.
I love it.
Those are great odds.
You can put the Leafs against the Sabres right now.
Yeah, the plus 170.
My only trepidation
would be that the Leafs,
they really don't have
a ton to play for.
They're probably figuring
that it's going to be tough
to catch Boston.
They're basically kind of
locked in on that third spot.
Yeah, but Babcock's
not going to be treating it
like that.
Yeah, yeah, good point.
And we have to give
a little shout out
to Nylander,
who's produced
at a 62-point pace
the past two months.
I know I've been a little bit hard on him.
Of course, I mentioned with the tummy sticks thing,
he hadn't had the best start to the year after he finally signed.
Only Marner, Tavares, and Matthews have scored more among Leafs forwards.
Needed six weeks to get up to speed, but he's been fine since.
So that was actually a tweet sent out by Myrtle
where I figured I'd be
able to sneak in a little compliment for
Nylander. Would you guys say I've been a little
hard on him? Yeah, that was veteran though right there.
And you gave some credit. That's just how we do.
Always give credit. How we do.
Yeah, how we do.
You said before the show you had a story about
feet you wanted to share with the boys,
with the crowd.
Yeah, very interesting.
So our good pal Rudy works at Barstool Sports, won a national championship at Denver.
I was at the bar with him on Saturday and Saturday night.
And so he recently had gone on the Caller Daddy or did a video with the Caller Daddy girls or something.
It was on their Instagram.
So he's gotten a ton of new follows.
So long story short, we're out at the bar,
and I think he posted an Instagram story,
and some guy replied to it and was like,
I will pay you money for a picture of your feet right now.
I'll pay you a ton of money for a picture of your feet.
So we're like, you know what?
We're just going to make this guy's day. Who's RexRyan at Gmail.com?
Yeah.
So he took his shoes off at the bar, sent the guy a picture.
And then the guy was sending him some pretty dirty messages back.
And he's like, apparently we looked at the guy's Instagram and he's like a, he's like
a sex slave.
He has, he's got like pictures of him with like a leash around his neck.
And so, yeah, that, that's my story about feet.
So you guys,
that was nice.
This guy is Rudy.
He's just making his day.
You know,
we're just sitting there and we're like,
you know what?
We'll just,
we'll make this guy's day.
I was like,
Rudy,
take,
take,
take your shoes off.
And Rudy snapped a pic of his feet and sent it over.
Uh,
funny you say that about the sex slave.
So I,
uh,
I have a friend who,
uh,
who works at a plastic surgeon's office and a girl was coming in for breast augmentation and she brought in a guy with her and she was like, oh, is this your husband?
It's like, oh, no, it's just a friend.
And long story short, they got closer and closer and she was telling her like, hey, I'm like a girl who goes over and I make guys my sex slave where these guys will pay her large amounts of money.
And she comes over,
ties them up,
like puts gag balls on them and just beats the wheels off these guys.
And they'll pay her,
you know,
five,
600 bucks to come over for a few hours.
And then she leaves.
There's no,
like no sex exchanged.
They,
she just beats the fucking wheels off them.
Like,
you know,
put nipple clamps on them.
You know, like, starts boxing
their balls, kind of like we were talking about
the one episode. I've seen some guys down
Turks that are probably into that freakish
shit. Oh, think about all these single
guys, single older guys who go to Thailand.
Yeah, I know.
There's a guy who does, like, the
stuff around the house.
Like, he's like a handyman, for lack of a better term, this guy.
He told me, I go over to Thailand every year.
He's like 60 years old from Ireland.
I'm like, Jesus, what is he doing in Thailand?
Yeah, there's a lot of fucking creepy shit that goes on over there.
Can I get my painting, please?
Did you say poor people go to Turks?
Is that what you wrote in our text?
No, no, no, no, no.
I did not say that.
It was the Barstool radio clip chirping Ryan for going to Turks and Caicos
saying that's not an NHL island.
That's not an NHL players island.
It looks pretty NHL to me.
I mean, if this isn't  that might be the dumbest thing dave's ever said in his life
this place is as nhl as it gets and by the way saint parts he brings up saint parts there's no
golf course there you think i'm gonna go somewhere where there's a golf course i mean i'm here
spending thousands of dollars to go scuba diving i'm under the ground i'm like the guy from uh
little mermaid under the sea take it from me down here at better where it is wetter under the sea take it from me down here with betha where it is wetter under the sea
holy shit minutes and you think that like this isn't an nhl place fuck off dave dave just works
his dick off i'll give him credit but he's so miserable that he's not on vacation as often as i
am because he's like oh i'm just i'm still growing my company i'm still growing my company i mean
when he's done i've reached a level where i'm happy he hasn't I mean, when he's done, I've reached a level where I'm happy. He hasn't. Good for him.
When he's done, he's going to be doing the exact same thing
minus the two episodes of Chicklets
every day. So he can shit on Turks and Caicos
all he wants. Love it. Good little rant there.
Should we talk about that Cassian Maroon
fight? Reverse tummy sticks. The old buddy's
going at it.
Yeah, they had the dinner
before the game too, right, Biz?
I believe so, yeah. These guys, a couple of gamers, hey,
they were getting a little irritated with each other.
Edmonton was getting pumped, and Cass stepped up.
Cass has been one of the bright spots on that team this year.
You know, I sent out a post on Instagram a while back
just congratulating him when he got that deal.
You know, he's really turned his life around.
You know, he's sober, and I'm really happy for him and his family and
he's really
I think he's got 12 or 13 goals this year
and he's going to be going
to the playoffs too, well Maroon is so good
for him, a little delayed chicklets
bump, but I think that about wraps
it up boys, we went over quite a few
topics, actually there was an NHL
PA players poll, it just dropped
Wednesday morning.
We'll address that next episode because there were some categories
that were a little off the beaten path I think you guys might appreciate.
So everybody, have a great weekend and enjoy your team.
And before we leave, I just want to wish the UC Irvine Anteaters,
who are this 13th seed in the South Bracket of March Madness,
all the luck in the world.
You know I love.
We got Northeastern.
We got Northeastern.
You missed Anteaters.
I don't give a shit, dude.
You think I'm not cheering for a team called the Anteaters?
You're fucking high.
I actually thought you meant the team we have to go to Vegas.
I'm a Huntington hound this week.
Those scumbags over at Northeastern.
Let's get us to Vegas, boys.
Let's go.
Let's get to Vegas. What seed are they? 14 or something? We'reeastern. Let's get us to Vegas, boys. Let's go. Let's get to Vegas.
What seat are they? 14 or something?
We're screwed. I panicked. I'm sorry, boys.
I fucked that one up. I fucked that up bad.
You could have picked who?
When we got to pick,
the cameras are on. I go
up and I go to pick Belmont because Belmont
is the best pick. Apparently, someone
picked Belmont right before me. I wasn't paying attention.
I had a lot of people around me.
I panicked, and I picked Northeastern.
They're playing Kansas in the first round.
And you could have had another
10 or 9 seed, and you took Northeastern?
No, there wasn't much left on the table. I was one of the
last guys to go, but I probably could have
got a better pick. So you were one of the last
guys to go, but Belmont went just before you?
Yeah, I think Belmont went. No one really knew
what they were picking. I'll tell you who I blame.
I blame Brett Merriman. Brett Merriman was in my ear.
He's a Northeastern alum saying,
oh, they got this guy Vasa.
You mean the guy who had us
take the Pacific Coast Highway
instead of taking the one that would get
us there three hours sooner?
So we're staring out at the ocean
in the dark?
If I have a moment around Brett where I just kind of like,
you know, you doze off and like daydream a little bit,
I would look at him and be like,
this is the fucking kid who wanted to see the sunset on the Pacific Coast
highway and cost us an extra seven hours.
We do love Brett.
I love Brett.
Big Brett guy.
Two quick things.
On the Marshawn comment about him being great for the league,
some people are crying and shit.
He's 11th in scoring.
This guy's on social media trolling his teammates, having a good time.
Has he crossed the line a couple times with some dirty plays,
licking a guy's face?
Yeah, I don't condone that.
He's made mistakes.
But he fucking brings it to the edge.
And every time his name's mentioned, your skin crawls,
and you stare at the TV and you yell and he's a polarizing figure.
If you don't think he's good for the NHL, then you're a moron.
So fuck you.
Don't message me on Twitter.
Don't message me on Instagram.
Kiss my ass.
Brad Marchand is good for the NHL.
Everything in movies, you need the good guy and you need the villain.
And he's a villain and i
fucking embrace that because he doesn't give a shit and he's entertaining as fuck if he licked
me in the face yeah would i be thinking a little bit differently maybe depends how it's been how
many fucking uh molly capsules i had in me i guess with authority and also based on last last thing
quickly here the u U S program thing.
I made a comment compliment them on how they run their business.
That is not the only reason why the,
the amount of NHLers that are U S born are on the rise.
There are other factors. I just didn't mention them. I mean,
let's look at the fact that just more kids are signing up for minor hockey in
the United States. Let's look at the fact that hockey is becoming so expensive in Canada,
and that's the reason probably why less Canadians are signing up
and there's less Canadians at the NHL than there used to be.
What are some other factors?
Maybe a bunch of Canadian hockey players.
300 million people in our country.
300 million people.
Right, but more and more are signing up to play hockey, which is the result.
Right, and then I would think that all these older hockey players
who played in the NHL who now settle down in these NHL cities
who have children and now they become coaches,
that's got to help the development.
So there's plenty of factors.
I just mentioned one.
People assume because I mentioned one was the only reason
why the United States in the last, I think in the last nine years, since 2010,
the percentage of NHLers
that are US-born has gone up 11.
Well, there's a lot of factors
that contribute to that. I mentioned one.
Get off my fucking ass. Don't tweet me or
Instagram me about that one anymore. Lay off biz.
He doesn't like it. Lay off him, everyone.
Kiss my ass.
Kiss my ass.
All right. Guys, it's a pleasure talking to you.
Next time I talk to you, I'll be stateside.
I'll be back in the shed.
I'll be ending March, and golf season's coming up.
Peace out.
Okay. It's better down where it's wetter Take it from me Up on the shore they work all day
Out in the sun they slave away
While they keep boating
Full time floating under the sea
Ha ha ha
Ha ha ha
Tell you all the fish is happy
As a whole
