Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. hello everybody welcome to episode 161 of spit and chiclets presented by new amsterdam vodka
let's say hello to the guys today mikey granelli producer what's going on brother
what's up guys uh uncle biz is in town so the drought has ended the drought has
officially ended boys so uh i'm a i'm a pretty happy guy good one all right i loved it he loved
his own joke yeah boys i'm in nyc so you want to give me the quick intro there all right yeah i was
gonna say next up uh boy biz nasty who's down nyc you've been down there for a few days correct
it's been awesome i guess you kind of call it a vacation.
Not really, though, because I'm putting the work in.
But I've had a few nights out with Grinnell.
Larry Flowers, we've mentioned him.
He's the fall guy on the podcast.
But he's with Lupo and all those guys.
He brought me to Due West, which is a local bar slash restaurant
that Lupo's part owner in.
Pull.
I mean, I'll pass this one over to Grinnell.
I've never seen a condensed,
such a condensed amount of attractive women in my entire life in one place.
There wasn't one ugly person in there.
Like I was the ugliest person in there.
Like every single person in that bar was gorgeous in the food.
Amazing.
And the music amazing.
I had a time in my life.
Yeah,
it was,
it was a good setup.
Thank you to Larry flowers. And, uh, and of course loophole for taking care of us. food amazing and the music amazing i had a time in my life yeah it was it was a good setup thank
you to larry flowers and uh and of course loophole for taking care of us then we went to this place
called the flower room uh the floor room because they say it in french it was opened up by tau
group recently it's at the top floor of this building it has a beautiful view of a complete
circular view of the entire city the eiffel tower was just right there uh granelli snapped a quick
pick put it on his IG, and this
one guy's turnt me about being the creepy old
guy to go to clubs. It's not a fucking club.
It's a lounge. And if you don't know the fucking difference,
you're a peasant. The music
isn't too loud. I'm able to converse
with whoever I want to converse with.
There wasn't too many ugly females
there. We actually brought out a girlfriend of mine
named Heidi who had a friend with her.
Just some classy girls. Nothing crazy. we didn't do anything with them though
they were just the friends using some honey to like catch some bees one of those type no no comment
but one thing that happened was is i went to the bathroom and i handed my card over i said i you
know i'll get the booze they ordered two two drinks, two doubles. I get the fucking check, 108 for two drinks.
Insane.
That's ridiculous.
Look how mad R.A. is.
I mean, 108 for two fucking drinks.
I better be getting a fucking Bob Craft hand gallop if I'm paying that kind of money for a drink.
Well, and before we introduce Witt, or should we do it right now?
Well, let's bring him in.
The final member of the cast, Ryan Whitney, fresh off vacation.
How was Trix and Keiko's guy?
Awesome.
I'm so pissed off.
I'm back in the real world like a peasant.
Don't even get me started on my trip home.
We'll talk about that later.
Well, I was going to ask you, the last Instagram story I saw was you putting
soya sauce.
Soya?
Fuck off.
Soy sauce on your piece of, what is it?
Sushi?
The sushi roll?
I'm struggling right now.
You're putting on your soy sauce with your miniature turkey baster
onto your sushi roll.
Yeah, it was probably the most National League thing I've ever seen,
just like miniature little easy way to put exactly as much soy sauce
on your sushi as you want. So that was
a great ending. It was a great ending. It was a great
trip. I mean, I'm back home now. I'm ready to
just do some work. Actually, we
should probably mention that we just did some work and we had
a great interview with Matthew Barnaby.
So that'll be coming up in a little bit for you.
The former pest, Matthew Barnaby
himself, had some great quotes for us. So we
just finished that and it's a pleasure to quotes for us. So we just finished that.
And it's a pleasure to be back.
And what else we got, R.A.? Holy shit, we got some great stuff coming from Barnaby.
I'm sorry, Biz.
Did you just  was that an Eiffel Tower?
Was that a joke?
Or did you call the Empire State Building the Eiffel Tower a minute ago?
Oh, shit.
I did that last night, too.
I asked Lee.
I was like, oh, is that the Empire State Building?
I was like, are they in Vegas?
Like, what is he talking about?
I've been fucking  I dummied that
intro there. Like I said, my fucking...
No, I think you're...
Is Biz like... Is he just right
in his element right now? Is this like NYC
Biz just bombing around?
I have only a couple glasses of wine.
The performance he put on at Due West
was some of the best Biz performance I've ever
seen. I mean, right
when we walked in, he had
the girls across from us, three girls to
the right of us. I've never
seen something like it. It was unbelievable.
I just looked at Larry
Flowers and was like, this is unbelievable
what we're watching right now. It's like
McDavid in his prime.
You live a different life
when, well, I guess especially
biz, but when we're in town, I mean, you basically just go back to pigeon life
when he's not around you in NYC.
Yeah, I said that to Biz last night.
It kind of hit me last night when we were at this, like,
I called it a famous people bar because I had no business being there.
Is this due west?
No, this was the flower room or whatever.
And I was like, I got to be a millionaire.
I don't know.
I can't be going back to these
2 drink bars anymore.
I wasn't even
able to get in there. Our friend had to put me
on the list. There was a special list you had to be
on. So thank you to Tao Group for
having us. And I'll definitely be
heading back there when I'm back.
I'll give you a quick little tire pump. You know who you look like with
the beard right now? Oscar Isaac,
the famous actor. You know who he is?
I'm not a big name guy.
Yeah, you definitely know. He's been in a bunch of
movies inside. Llewyn Davis.
I mean, I can name 50 movies.
Llewyn Davis?
Inside Llewyn Davis. It was a Coen Brothers
movie. He was in the last couple
Star Wars that come out.
I'll take that. I'll take it.
He's a handsome fella.
He's a well-known actor,
so you're looking like him in the right light today.
Anyways, let's go to the fucking next.
Is he batting 1,000 in NYC?
On to hockey.
On to hockey.
Our boy, Jelly Song.
Keep the end of the week.
Song has taken off, by the way.
Jesus, I've gotten more Song tweets than Pink Whitney tweets,
and those things have been
steadily coming in. But Sonk,
can we get a Sonk t-shirt, please?
T-shirts are coming, boys. The t-shirts are coming.
I had Halsey Taylor Hall text
to me. He said, hey, do you have the clip of him
doing Sonk in a game? Do we
have that? I actually haven't responded
to you. Sorry, Halsey. Can we get that
clip or is that not out there? Unfortunately,
the NHL doesn't let us tweet or post their highlights
unless they post them first, so they would have to do that.
So that's a story for another day.
So anyways, he played in his 900th career game Saturday night.
Also early in the week, he set the franchise record for most points
in a single season by a Panthers defenseman with 58.
He surpassed Robert Svela, who had 57 back in that magical 96 season
when the Panthers went to the Cup.
He also set the franchise record for power play points in a single season
with 38.
He beat Ole Okunin's record of 37 back in 06.
We've been talking about him for a while now.
I mean, I'm sure listeners might be getting tired of it.
We're not, though, because he's a local guy.
He's a buddy, friend of the program.
And what more can we say about him? He's having a fucking monster year. Yeah, I, because he's a local guy. He's a buddy, friend of the program, man.
What more can we say about him?
He's having a fucking monster year.
Yeah, I actually think it's incredible.
Congrats to him.
But we'll really talk when he gets that 1,000th game.
900 is a congrats, Keno.
Good job.
But it's not going to be like me describing it on the podcast type moment.
But good job on the points.
You just lightened it up.
Yeah, don't worry, Biz.
You won't have to buy anything anytime soon.
Dude, did you see the play Vincent Trocek made?
I mean, you talk about all hot.
It was late in the game, 6-3.
The goalies pulled.
I don't know why.
They're down three goals.
I think it was Bergeron shot it from near the blue line.
Now, Vincent Trocek dove like Superman, knocked the puck away with a stick. I was just, you know, the season's gone.
They're fucking not going to go to the playoffs.
It's 6-3, 30 seconds left.
I just thought it was
an incredible display
of like basically hot,
hot by the guy to do that.
Yeah, but you're saving
yourself a minus.
Exactly.
Thank you very much.
You're thinking he's doing
this for the team.
He's like, I don't want
another minus.
I don't want to play.
Like that is all based on
like, dude, I don't care
if we lose 7-3 or 6-3.
I do not want another minus.
I've already been out
for one probably. Yep. I do not want one of the minuses. I've already been out for one, probably.
Yep. I second
that motion. Good stuff
anyways. Did you guys happen to catch
Ron Bergen? Did he jump in the booth with the Kings the other
night? I did.
Very, very impressive.
For the audience who might have missed it.
And we are about to begin the second
period. Why don't we take it away, gentlemen?
And turn down to the ice.
You and I shared a couple of Molsons.
I only had one.
You only had one.
And I had 15.
Go, Kings!
Go, Kings, go!
Come on, people!
You don't mind if I bite into this burrito right now, do you?
Oh, I will. When does the kiss cam start? I don't mind if I bite into this burrito right now when does the
kiss cam start something like this Kopitar with a buck the ability skates
up the eyes is a shot I go he scores put that baby to bed without a diaper for
those of you at home we've had to stop action on the ice several times feral
cats have have run onto the ice they killed the penalty
yes just shoot oh well they don't have the puck it's the first time i've ever been on the kiss
cam this is one of the greatest nights of my life i got to kiss a burrito i mean just when you think
ron burgundy's gone he comes back again and i'll tell you man he's still fucking funny it's uh it's
one of the most enduring iconic characters of movies from the last 30 years,
and it still works.
I don't know if you saw him walking through the hallway.
There was a fan dressed up like him, and Will Ferrell recognized him,
gave him the pointy fingers.
It was pretty funny shit, but I don't think Ron Burgundy is ever going to get tired.
LA has done a good job of keeping fans entertained through a tough season.
They had Snoop Dogg earlier.
They got Ron Burgundy.
They do a great job with GameOps.
So, hey, everyone's going to have
tough seasons, but great job by them trying to
grow the game and
getting the social media buzzing.
You think he gets paid to do that? Oh, fuck.
I bet.
He's a big-time fan.
I think he's got season tickets as well.
Or he can go when he wants.
I don't know if he's got seasons, but whenever he calls in,
they bring him in.
They've got a few celebrities that go all the time.
David Beckham frequents as well.
Ellen Degeneres is  Degeneres, is that how you say it?
Yeah, Degeneres, yeah.
Ellen Degenerate.
Degenerate.
Andy Lasser is the guy's name.
He's like the producer of the show.
So, yeah, they've got a lot of celebs, but great job.
What else have we got? Mark Giordano had a goal and two assists in vancouver saturday night to extend
his point streak to seven games and he also became just the third nhl defenseman age 35 or older to
tally 70 points in a season sergey zuboff and nicholas lidstrom were the other two uh he also
the fourth oldest defenseman to record 70 points in a season. He's got 16 goals, 56 assists in 73 games.
His current seven-game streak, he's got two goals, eight assists for 10 points.
You know, Biz, we were talking, well, he won the Norris Trophy.
He's certainly got a hell of a case.
I know Bernsie and Morgan Riley are both having months.
Diaz as well.
What do you think, Whit?
Who's the favorite for the Norris?
I think it's wide open as much as it's ever been.
I think it's really wide open.
There wouldn't be an argument if you give it to any of these guys.
It's one of those years where everyone's deserving.
There isn't really a huge clear-cut winner, but I'd give it to Giordano.
Part of it is one of those, what's the old term, R.A.,
when you've been around a while?
He's played in the league a long time.
He deserves it.
You know what I'm talking about?
Kind of like a pick, like, you know, that he,
it's like deservingly because you've been around a long time.
I mean, it's like maybe if he's 23 years old having this season,
he doesn't get it.
But I think this year he will.
I think this year he deserves it.
The fact that I can't think of what that term's called, pathetic,
just shows what I'm really like in terms of vocab and talking.
But still, it's been a great year.
Calgary's been not a surprise team,
but I don't think anyone saw him being this good.
They thought they'd be good, but there were question marks.
He's led them.
He's been through a lot.
You know, the story of him going to Russia
when he couldn't get the contract he wanted and dealing with that.
Before, I think it was the KHL Super League we're talking,
way different style, the wild, wild west.
So I think that it would be a great story if he wins it,
and I think he probably will.
Would he be the oldest player to win a Norris?
No, he wouldn't.
The oldest Norris Trophy winner was Nick Lidstrom,
who we just mentioned.
He was 40 when he won it back in 2011.
Shocker.
The youngest Norris Trophy winner, a guy named Bobby,
I'm not sure if you've heard of him, 19 years old,
when he won his first Norris trophy.
All right.
Also, Biz, we were talking the other day about Ryan Donato's impact in Minnesota.
And it's been a pretty big impact.
They have four goals, 11 assists in 16 games.
You know, versus Charlie Coyle, who's got a goal and two assists in 13 games with the Bruins.
I know, Biz, you brought up whether it was a good trade for the Bees or not.
I think they're just guys who are basically put in two different roles. I mean, Donato's in the top with the Bruins. I know Biz, you brought up whether it was a good trade for the Bees or not. I think they're just guys who
are basically put in two different roles. I mean,
Donato's in the top six role in Minnesota.
Boston sort of gave him the audition
earlier in the year. Didn't really pan out for him, whereas
Coyle, he's kind of bumping up and down the
lineup. He's not really in a consistent role
right now, but he's doing all the little things
you need him to do. He's playing a 200-foot game.
He's playing hard in the corners, along the
boards. He's just not doing those things that maybe show up
in box scores, but what's your take
on it there, Biz? Yeah, you
said it, different roles. I mean, I'm happy for Donato
because he was kind of getting shit on online by
Bruins fans, and being a hometown boy,
that's a difficult thing. Sometimes playing at home
can be a little bit stressful.
Obviously, so far, a great move,
but look how well the Bs have been playing.
Maybe Coyle's given him that depth at the center ice position.
Is that where he's been playing, center?
Yeah, he's been there among other spots, too.
Cassidy's been kind of bumping him around.
But I think, you know, it's a move I think they maybe made for the playoffs
because it makes the team better defensively,
whereas if they had Donato in the lineup, they're obviously not as good defensively.
So, I think it's one of those moves that helps both teams.
What would you say, you?
Yeah, I agree.
Biz said it correctly.
Happy for Donato.
Citroen, Massachusetts, my hometown.
So I think that it hasn't been too surprising to see him light it up.
But, you know, he just wasn't going to be doing that in Boston.
They decided that.
So it kind of makes sense.
I think that it's a trade that, you know,
could really help both teams like you guys said.
So there's not much else more to say.
But quickly, Bruins-wise, how about that Uyghur not knowing
that Achari was a lefty?
Did you see that fight last night?
I actually wrote that down to talk about.
And yeah, he got his wheels knocked off.
Oh, I'm not sure.
I don't know if he knew he was a lefty.
And then you're dead, right?
Yeah.
No, I mean, yeah, he got pumped.
Whatever.
You live and you learn.
But a guy like that, he stood in there the entire time.
I don't know if he listens to the show or has buddies who do.
I love that.
Fucking pick your shit back up and go back out there and do it again.
Don't be discouraged by getting the wheels beat off you.
But he, I mean, fuck.
I didn't know how tough that other guy was.
How do you pronounce his last name?
Achari.
Achari.
Achari. but if you're
if you're fighting a guy biz like i mean i think it was different for you because you'd kind of be
like pre-scouting and know who you were going up against that night but if somebody's a lefty and
you don't know what you're what is there even anything you can do if he's just throwing hammers
like that no you i mean you got to catch your timing you gotta you gotta throw when you're
when you're crossing in front of them even if if you're throwing shitty small ones that aren't even connecting,
as long as they're getting in front of his punches
where you can kind of deflect off your arm and not hit your face.
I mean, basically that's what you're trying to do.
Or you grab on with your right and then you start throwing left.
But I couldn't throw both ways.
My lefts were mofons.
Oh, I can't imagine mine.
Five words.
Check the game notes, bud.
Check the fucking game notes.
We were talking about the President's Trophy
and what the players get for that.
It turns out the President's Trophy pays out 3.8
of the 16 million playoff bonus pool,
which means the Tampa Bay players will get about 608,000
to split as a result of winning the President's Trophy. million dollar playoff bonus pool uh which means the tampa bay players will get about 608 grand to
split as a result of winning the president's trophy uh biz calculated that it comes out to
about 25 grand a guy you get 25 grand in the middle of fucking march falls out of the sky
what are you doing with that with me biz free money well so for some of those guys it's a front
wipe they probably spend that at that gooch or the louis vuitton so you know you know
kucherov's getting the abcrombie and Fitch tracksuit,
and then he's going to get the Louis Vuitton sneakers and handbags.
But, no, that's a nice little chump change for some guys.
And then for other guys who are like the depth guys, fuck, dude,
that's like your summer training and a nice vacay with the old lady.
I mean, maybe not a wit vacation, but a nice vacation.
Stammer's like, perfect.
I was going to get my car washed on the way home.
I didn't have anything to tip the guy.
This is what a great day.
What a season we're having, boys.
How much does summer training cost to play a biz?
Interesting.
I bet you Stammer's probably spending 25,000 to 30,000.
It's a one-stop shop.
I think there's a couple people that are very expensive,
but I think the average NHLer, I'm going to say, is spending
I'm saying if you pull the whole league summer training,
I think 4,000 to 6,000.
I would say at least 10,000 now.
Average?
I would say the average.
I know everyone I talk to
I can't afford to pay that.
Man, it's literally your job and it's a
write-off every guy who goes to biosteel i would say over 10 because they have ice it doesn't cost
the boston guys that well i mean yeah i mean but those are the low-end guys and i don't know anyone
anyone i don't know anyone training for less than five wow okay. Okay. Okay. And in order to keep up,
the results are there.
All those guys who are paying 20,
which,
which a 20 is not that crazy because you were making league minimum,
even if you're in the highest tax bracket,
here we go.
I'm going to get chirped about mentioning taxes again.
You know,
that's,
that's a two week paycheck,
but that's your,
that's your livelihood.
And you're getting,
that's like with meal plans,
massage,
like acupuncture and all that. It it's a some of these places have unbelievable setups
gary roberts got one um we mentioned matt nickel all the time i'd imagine andy o'brien who um by
the way i will be interviewing later on tonight that will be coming out in a few weeks so i'm
excited for that one he's going to be a very interesting guy to get some information off of about how he trains guys and advances in strength and conditioning.
Yeah, things have come a long way from our pitchfork and hay
on the family farm all summer, that's for sure.
Are these owners and fucking CEOs and upper management of teams, man?
They just keep stepping in it this year, it seems like.
Edmonton Oilers CEO Bob Nicholson, he spoke at the team's season
ticket holder breakfast Thursday morning. You know, in addition to the usual steel corporate
platitudes that get said at these type of events, Nicholson also appeared to blame Tobias Reeder
for the Oilers field season, which is a pretty preposterous thing to do when you think of the
many mistakes Oilers management has made. Even worse, he mispronounced his name over and over, they said.
Basically, Toby Rita will not be signed at the end of the year.
He hasn't scored a goal.
Toby Rita has missed so many breakaways.
If Toby Rita had scored 10 or 12 goals by now,
we'd probably be in a playoff position.
Those are some pretty harsh words for your CEO to come out with.
I mean, a guy who's not one of your top four or five guys in the team
he's basically basically blaming the lack of playoffs on him you know not shoddy goaltending
or a shitty roster or the lack of a cornerstone d after all these draft picks but you know tobias
rita uh so i don't know what did you think of these comments biz um yeah i mean there's a lot
of issues going on in edmonton and a point to Tobias reader. I mean, fuck,
maybe he listens to the podcast.
We mentioned last week,
he's on pace to beat the national hockey league record that Craig,
Craig Adams set in Pittsburgh when he went a full 82 game season without
scoring a goal with 84 shots on net.
I believe he might be close to tied to that.
So he'll probably end up breaking that record unless he pots one in the back of the net.
I'd imagine he's probably going to get one
at the last game of the year,
kind of like that kid from Detroit did last year
or a couple of years ago where he actually had two.
He went the full year without scoring
at two in the last game.
But listen, we've seen a few issues this year
with management calling out guys.
We saw it in Dallas with Jamie Benn and Tyler Sagan,
which is a little bit more understandable
considering those guys are making 10-plus a year.
And that was probably just kind of a slap in the ass
to get that team going, which it did help.
But with this many games left
and the way that management's been in Edmonton,
holy fuck, man, look in the mirror.
It's a shame because he's done so much in in the hockey world including with hockey canada that i feel like you
know nowadays like this will overshadow uh you know at least for the for the time being but uh
yeah not the best thing to say but then he also apologized i don't know if we want to roll the
audio or not of his apology but uh yeah i think
it's over and done with well the thing about his apology nicholson apologized to rita but it was
before reader actually read the comments so he just kind of laughed he's like oh don't worry
about it and then he read the comments and reader actually he was he said i can't believe it it's
disappointing i'm offended by it uh it's tough to read getting thrown under the bus i'm not proud
of the season i have but he went a little too far. I think Bob knows that too. The timing was weird
given that we're still in the race.
It's not right to single anybody out in the race.
Right. So, I mean, he wasn't shy about
calling him out, but it does appear that, you know,
he accepted the apology because he's the fucking CEO
and everybody's moving along.
But, yeah, you feel bad for a guy getting shored that bad
from the CEO.
Yeah. I think you guys just both
said that very well.
Kind of an embarrassing look for another embarrassing season.
I mean, right now for the Oilers. Not to be outdone, Eugene Melnick takes the reins away from Bob Nicholson.
Was it Ian Mendez?
Was that his name?
Yeah.
The reporter, all right?
Yeah.
It's just listening to the radio, just getting carved.
Yeah, he must have realized the Senators haven't had any dopey news lately,
and he quickly rectified that by calling a local reporter,
Ian Mendes, Bush League, and while doing a radio interview,
he also had some other words to say about his own organization.
I think we did a terrible job in communicating exactly what the plan is
in a rebuild.
I mean, this is the fucking owner.
And about the Maple Leafs, I thought this was funny.
They're going to have a tough time winning a Stanley Cup without defense
because they are hitting the cap.
They can't bring anybody new in, so they're stuck.
That's where you have to be careful.
I mean, I think it's hilarious, this guy whose team is a fucking
schmoosh-mooshin' right now telling the Leafs they're not going to win a Cup
because they don't have defense.
And he also called, though, just for good measure, the mayor.
He said Ottawa's mayor should keep his mouth shut as well.
So he's just fucking hitting for the cycle lately.
Kind of starting to like this guy in a weird way
because he's a walking soundbite.
But on a serious note, Ian Mendez, very respected in his field
and a respectful guy.
A lot of media came to back him up afterward.
So a tough look, especially going after a guy as credible as
him and uh fuck boys yeah i feel bad for the the ottawa senators fans we talked about that in the
last month and just what that that organization is going through doesn't look like they're going
to get a new arena downtown anytime soon unless uh eugene melnick gets off his wallet but on a
lighter note there are some fun things going on uh in ot in Ottawa. Brady Kachuk had a floss off with a fan the other night.
Brady Kachuk got dummied, so actually gave the fan a puck as a result of his loss.
And then we saw the Ottawa fan chugging those beers.
Now, maybe, just maybe, Eugene Melnick will have enough money to afford a new arena
because this guy crushed like six fucking beers in a row
and held them all at the same time,
which I'd imagine at an Ottawa Senators game is probably 100.
And you know those beers at games, it's cocaine beer.
It's crack.
There's crack in those beers, dude.
If you drink beers at Bruins, any arenas games, you get waffled.
That guy was probably walking out like cross-eyed.
What, they put a little molly in him?
He said, the Senators are going to win the cup this year.
They're like, buddy, they're fucking dead, lads.
No, not the team I just watched
play.
That was a pretty impressive beer waterfall.
I think he had about six of them going at once.
That was a cool shot, like you said, Bisabal,
Brady flossing off with the kid. We've seen a lot of
interactions, I think, with players and fans,
young fans giving them pucks and sticks.
I know it's always going on, but it just seems like the players
are doing it a lot more this year.
I'm calling it now.
That chug by the Ottawa fan is the TSN turning point
for the Ottawa Senators organization.
It's all uphill from here.
That guy changed the complete momentum of that franchise,
so you should be kissing his fucking feet, Ottawa fans.
And they won.
They beat Edmonton last night.
Of course they did.
I just told you.
Exactly.
We're on.
Yeah.
I said, be careful betting against them later this season.
And let's not mention anything about that Ottawa guy who wrote that thread
about the organization because he was very upset that we mentioned him
on this fucking podcast.
And then he ends up attaching a link to a deadspin article about Barstool and the fact that why he
doesn't want his name mentioned on our podcast. How about this? Listen, I won't mention your
fucking name on my podcast, but be a free thinker. At least you're going to fucking tag a deadspin
article. Those fucking hypocrites are dropping rape jokes at Barstool fans have to dig out of the grave
these people walking on their fucking high horse
give me a break man
I love it
and they don't think for themselves
they just link to an article that somebody
who's had a complete agenda
you think I need to fucking mention your name on my fucking podcast
fuck off
somebody said
somebody tweeted me,
you guys need to get
disassociated from Barstool or something. I said,
no, we don't. Don't come at me. We're
Barstool here. We're part of the squad. Get the
fuck out of here.
Hey, I haven't gotten one phone call. I was calling
Dave a pigeon when he was winning.
This thing just started. I mean, I'm part
of this. And the only reason we mentioned that
guy's name is because anytime we source
somebody's work, we want to give them the recognition
they deserve. So you know what, buddy? I won't mention
your fucking name. I didn't even
know your fucking name.
Already had to dig it up. In that vein,
Bruce McCurdy of the Edmonton Journal
is the source of all those quotes, by the way,
now that you mention it. He's going back to Ottawa
real quick. They do got some bright lights on the horizon.
Brady Kachak, Thomas Chabot, Eric Branstrom,
the kid they picked up in the recent trade.
There are some bright lights ahead,
but I think when the owner's the problem,
there's not much you can do as a fan.
Also, boys, this reminds me of the same fucking thing.
We need people to go check out Stanford Steve's tweet
about Scott Van Pelt's one final word
or whatever thing is from his show,
where he talks about people who are upset about Tom Izzo coaching too hard
and how hard he was on his players.
And he had a great message.
It was an unreal little two-minute video of Scott Van Pelt.
I'm a huge fan of that guy, SVP, talking about don't be offended
if it has nothing to do with you.
It's just a big thing, and I think a lot of the barstool hate is people mad.
All you got to do is not read the website.
Don't listen to the podcast.
It's the current day of letting stuff that doesn't even involve you bother you.
It makes no sense.
So I know I'm going to just keep repeating what Van Pelt said,
but check that out because that goes into the same thing
as we were talking about before.
Yeah, I tweeted it out.
Sometimes I get my wires crossed a little bit,
but if you're not going to like me or don't want your name mentioned on my podcast because of my association of Barstool, have a reason for it.
Your own fucking reason, not deadspin link to an article reason.
It's a fucking joke.
Anyway, let's move on, not give this any more attention.
Enough of that bullshit.
I think we should take it to Matthew Bonner because his interview was fantastic.
This interview was brought to you by Roman.
Every guy wants to last longer.
But thinking about baseball or saying the Pledge of Allegiance in your head
or counting backwards doesn't always work.
But the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer, better sex.
Roman Swipes are convenient, over-the-counter wipes
that are clinically proven to help you last longer.
They're effective, doctor-approved, easy to use, and fast acting.
Sounds too good to be true, right?
Well, swipes are the real deal.
Studies have shown up to a 340 increase in stamina
after three months of regular use.
Roman swipes will ship to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet. What makes swipes better than all those
creams and foams out there is the desensitizing effect will not transfer to your partner or numb
you. And they're super easy to use. Just take the swipes out of the packet, wipe it on your most
sensitive areas, and wait a few minutes. That's it. Keep Roman swipes in your back pocket for
longer, better sex, and get yours fast with free two-day shipping by visiting GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
And our next guest, he was drafted in the fourth round of the 92 draft, 83rd overall by the Buffalo Sabres.
He went on to play in 834 NHL games over 14 seasons with seven different clubs.
He racked up a very impressive 2,562 career penalty minutes,
averaged out to 3.07 penalty minutes per game.
He also led the league in penalty minutes twice in 96 and 01.
He was your classic hate him on other teams but love him on your own team player.
Welcome to Spitting Chicklets, Matthew Bonneby.
How are you guys?
Yeah, that's a lot of beatings.
2,500 minutes is a lot of beatings over those years.
So thanks for the introduction, but you're bringing my 14 concussions
right to the forefront for sure.
That was a lie too because even his own ESC may tell him.
Exactly.
I love it.
I love it.
What do you got to these days matthew i host the show on on sirius xm and then i literally travel i live in ottawa and
i get to do the show from home which is absolutely awesome i don't have to travel that much for that
i do a lot of events uh for charity all over canada and the united states and and my son's
a hockey player he plays in the ush. And my son's a hockey player.
He plays in the USHL.
And my daughter lives in Buffalo before she goes off to Arizona State
in a little bit.
Yeah, yeah.
That's the worst thing you can do as a dad.
Send your daughter.
Essentially, I'm spending 50,000 for my daughter to go party for four years.
So, yeah, not a great thing uh to send your
daughter there i'm much more comfortable sending my son to penn state to play hockey he'll be fine
but i'm not quite sure she's my partier i'll uh i'll hire some security for i'll make sure i'll
keep an eye on her make sure there's no uh savage greasy hockey players trying to get at her
just keep checkering away that's all i ask oh he's a fucking handsome
fella no he is he's had that body since he's been about 12 years old so still makes us all look i
remember a story when his uh when i was coaching him he was probably 11 years old at the time and
he comes out of the shower and no one showers at 11 years old my my son looked like he had a chewed
up caramel for for a wiener at that age and the
the kid comes out of the shower and his dad jeff is there and i go hey kids can't shower while i'm
giving a speech after a game like i'm uncomfortable if i'm out of the room i just don't want to be
around any of that he goes yeah pretty pretty developed isn't he i'm like oh yeah yeah making
the coach feel bad watching him come out of the shower here.
Oh, God.
Let's not even go there.
We'll be facing backlash before this interview even starts.
You were born in Ottawa.
I was, yes.
Yeah.
And you played in the Q, though.
What happened there?
Were you just not drafted into the Ontario Hockey League?
No.
When I was 15, I moved across the border to Hull.
I didn't grow until I was later, so we actually ended up moving.
I got cut from AA at the time in Bantam,
and then I played two years of essentially A hockey across the border.
And then I grew at 17, but I wasn't eligible for the Ontario draft.
I was drafted last overall in the Quebec league in my second year eligible.
So I was very fortunate to go to an expansion team.
Probably if I don't go to an expansion team and fight 13 times in two days,
we're not having this conversation here today.
Unreal, Barney, that you just brought it up first,
because this is one thing we talked about prior we had to ask from a boat.
I need the backstory of going into those two days what you thought would happen if you knew
this was going to happen and was 13 ever a realistic number for what you thought the
fight number would total up to be well i was a talented guy i had 93 points in 39 games i
had a very strapped that's why i i yeah not a big deal it was very average hockey so let's not
put too much emphasis on that.
Most guys couldn't skate and they were wearing Lang skates at the time.
But I went to camp thinking, you know, I'm pretty talented. I can,
I can do some things here. After two days, I realized I was 148 pounds,
my first year junior.
So I was probably six feet, 148.
And I went to camp and realized after two days that i i really probably wasn't going
to make it and i remember calling home so my mother and brother were going to come watch me
uh play on day three through five and i said don't don't waste your time i'm not going to make this
team and my brother just said to me he's 14 years older he said you have to stand out in some way
never told me to fight or do anything but you have to do something to stand out and uh i just then
the next day just
asked who the toughest guy was and i'd never had a fight in my life i was always kind of an asshole
as a kid uh you know you know using my mouth for for my words and trying to get people off their
game but i i asked who the toughest guy was and they said this guy gila faye who was about
6'4 225 at the time and i proceeded to fight him about nine times in the next 24 hours
and lost every single one.
I don't think I landed one punch.
So it was certainly not the best way to make a team.
And I was fortunate that the coach really took a liking to me
and they were expansion and not that talented
and kind of used me as their team identity.
So very fortunate, very lucky to have a coach that believed in me
or at least thought I was a little bit crazy when I probably wasn't that crazy.
Alain Chaney was his name?
He was, yeah, Alain Chaney.
Yeah, he called me the kamikaze, which was fun.
He goes, kid could take so many beatings and would always come back for more.
He was a great guy.
Yeah, he was a scout for the Quebec Nordiques
and the Anaheim Ducks when they won the Cup.
And he loved toughness.
Anytime we were down by two goals,
especially my second year,
he would go, do whatever you want.
Pick five guys and do whatever you want.
And I'd grab the five toughest guys we had.
We had a pretty tough team.
That Quebec League at the time
with Donald Brashear and Ojek and Sandy McCarthy,
there was a plethora of guys that were so tough.
But he would literally let me run the gauntlet,
and I'd obviously take the three toughest guys with me
so I could grab the fourth toughest guy on the ice
and maybe lay a beating on him so I wouldn't have to do it by myself.
And you had no points at Christmas.
You ended up finishing with nine goals and five assists.
You kind of started finding your game offensively.
And then the next year you had your breakout year,
and then you ended up
getting drafted.
Yeah.
I never even thought about the draft.
I didn't think I was even in the conversation and I got off to a good
start and you know,
they always come out with the list at Christmas and central scouting comes
out with the list.
And my brother is the one that looked at the paper.
He's like,
you're,
you're,
you're rated.
And I go,
who's rated for what? Like, is there an off ice thing that I, that I you're you're rated and i go rated for what like is there
an off ice thing but i that i did like what am i getting rated for and he sent me uh something i
can't remember just just told me and and and i found out that i was rated and i was like oh okay
this is this is a possibility and it didn't put much stock into it until we went through and then
started talking to scouts throughout the year and uh it just became more of a reality that maybe it was feasible that I would make it. And
even that year, I really didn't feel that I had a chance until the next year when I started to
put on weight. And the next year at 19, I started seeing people that were making the NHL. I was
like, okay, I think I'm as good as them. Maybe not. In my third year, I had a really, really good year and had a great statistical year,
probably my favorite statistical year of my career at any level,
and really thought that I had a chance if I kept on developing to be an NHL player.
Matt, at what point did you know that you were probably going to have to drop the gloves
more than the average bear in order to carve out a pro career?
Probably one of my first practices in Buffalo when john muckler was my coach he he called a meeting to center ice and we had pat lafontaine and mcgillney and
dale or chuck and you know brad may rob ray but those were the the offensive guys
and he called us all into center ice and i i tried to make a move on doug bodger at the time and i
admit it failed miserably i tried to toe drag and went back the other way you know trying to toe drag
with a 14 pound wooden stick is not conducive to uh the new nhl uh certainly didn't work out for
me but he called everyone into the to the center ice and said parney hey i just want to ask you a
question how many how many points did you get last year in junior? And I was pretty proud, right?
I was like, 111.
Only in 60-something games, no big deal.
And he goes, how many goals you got?
I go, 44.
He goes, all right, that's never going to fucking happen in this league ever, ever, ever again.
Dump the puck when you get to the red line and just go fucking hit someone.
So I think it was that reality right there that I was not going to be a
scorer and I knew how I was going to make my money in the NHL.
You just brought up two guys, Ray and May.
So when you were an up-and-coming Buffalo,
what kind of influence did those guys have on you when it came to fighting in
the NHL and kind of figuring out that role?
I was very fortunate.
I was very lucky to have those guys lead the way and I was very fortunate. I was very lucky to have those guys lead the way and I was very protected. I say it all the time that, you know, Rob and Brad were so tough. So on that team, I literally got to fight guys my own size, guys that were 185, 195, maybe 200. And they fought the Tony Twist, the Dave Browns, the Chino O'Jicks.
twist the dave browns the the chino ojix now if i wanted to step out of my weight class and fight the heavyweights i certainly could but i didn't have to because those guys took them on every
single night so they they shielded me and protected me uh in an era that was very very tough and when
things got out of control they got out of control quickly so i think just learning how to be a pro
and uh learning the pro games but most most essentially uh just them protecting me on a
given night is shielding me to have like the third toughest guy or the fourth toughest guy
on any given night was probably the biggest thing that they did for me in my career through my first
six years essentially and then things got ugly when i got traded to pittsburgh and then i was
the only tough guy on that team and then tampa bay now you're fighting the stew grimson and the
tony twist all the big boys every single night and in Tampa Bay. Now you're fighting the Stu Grimson and the Tony twist,
all the big boys every single night.
And you got shit dripping down your leg in the,
in the afternoon nap.
I don't sleep anymore in afternoons because I still think of the fucking
grim reaper beating the fuck out of me.
So naps are not a thing that I do anymore.
And it's because of that trade.
I should have stayed in Buffalo.
I was so well,
so well,
so well treated there.
And unfortunately it took a turn for the worse, but no regrets.
Well, I got a bunch of NHL questions,
but I'm also interested in the 92-93 season, Barney,
because there's three teams you played for in the Quebec League.
You had about 120 points.
You had close to 450 pims, and then you finished the year with Buffalo
where somehow you get, I think, two fights in two games.
So that whole season, how are you moving from Quebec League team
to Quebec League team and then ending in the NHL with just quick two bouts?
What are your first two fights that you remember of that season,
the NHL, I mean?
Yeah, I started the year in the NHL, so I came back late for camp
and missed the first few games, and we had a really good team in junior and when I came back we were like 0-6 or something and then we lost a couple
more games in a row and and I can't remember how many games I played there but I was really sour
and we had a really really good team and I we had fired Alan Shaney and I it becomes kind of
you know historic because I'm very loyal to people that are good to me.
He was great to me, gave me the chance.
I wouldn't have been drafted without him.
And we weren't winning, so I went into our GM.
I said, you've got to fucking do something.
We have a really good fucking team, and we are at the bottom of the standings.
And I'm thinking he's going to trade a couple guys and make a move,
and we're going to have a better team, doesn't it?
Well, about 12 hours later, I'm traded to Redon.
And I'm off.
I'm off.
I'm on a Greyhound bus for the second leading scorer in the league,
Martin Tongue, who was at the time a 20-year-old and drafted by Tampa Bay,
I believe, Tampa Bay or Calgary, but a very good player.
And I was like, oh, fuck, I love it here.
Like, I love Quebec City.
If you guys have ever been to Quebec City,
it's the most beautiful women in the world.
Oh, my God, it's a time.
Yeah, why did I want to leave Quebec City?
No chance.
I was like, I was pushing in with pocket twos,
and I just got called with pocket kings.
That's what happened.
So I got moved to Verdun and get there,
and right away, absolutely loved it there.
I'm living downtown Montreal as a 19 year old,
not again,
conducive to being a pro,
but I love my team.
I loved living in Montreal.
We had a really,
really fun team.
We weren't that great.
We were going to make the playoffs and the GM actually came up to me like a
day before the trade deadline and goes,
I will do whatever you want because you've done so much for us. If you want to get traded, We were going to make the playoffs, and the GM actually came up to me like a day before the trade deadline and goes,
I will do whatever you want because you've done so much for us.
If you want to get traded, if you don't, it would help us if we trade you.
But if you want to stay with us for the run, we respect that. And I had a chance to go play for Alan Chaney again for Victoriaville,
who was trying to acquire me for the playoff run.
And we had Alexander,ague was our lead guy.
And I just said, you know what?
I really want a chance to win in my last year before I turned pro.
And they traded me and went there.
And we lost in six games because Alexander Dague was a douche
and took a five-minute major and was very selfish.
But that's a great story that I just didn't like him very much.
Whoa.
Can we dive into that a little bit more?
The Dagle.
Yeah, Dagle Bagel.
I just remember him taking a cross-check because I wanted to win.
You know, I knew I was turning pro.
We all knew he was going to be the number one overall pick in the NHL draft
that year, but he took a cross-checking penalty.
It was stupid, and we ended up losing the game when we had a chance to claw
back into the series.
I just remember grabbing him in the locker room after the game,
and he looked at me and he goes,
I've already signed my contract.
I don't need this shit.
And I was like, oh, my God.
Oh, no.
What a loser.
Did you know he was going to be a bust?
Did you have any type of feeling?
NBA-like.
Yeah, that's it.
No, I didn't think he was going to be a bust.
The only thing is I didn't think he had a lot of hockey sense.
He's one of those kids that was so much faster than everyone at that level.
He had seven breakaways a game, guys.
He scored two points a game at a young age.
I think as a 16-year-old or 17-year-old, two points a game.
He was ridiculous.
But he had seven breakaways a game.
He literally, every time he touched the puck at home, they would play the roadrunner because he was ridiculous. But he had seven breakaways a game. Like he was, he literally, every time he touched the puck at home,
they would play the roadrunner because he was gone and he would take off.
And D in the Quebec league are not very good.
Like if you can skate backwards, you're a number one D.
Like you're the guy.
You are the guy.
So I didn't think he would be as good as everyone thought,
but I didn't think he would be as bad and big a bust as he was.
Before we get on to your time in Buffalo,
can you talk about your time working at McDonald's?
Yeah, yeah.
I ended up quitting school.
And worked at McDonald's.
Well, I didn't have a lot of options.
I was working construction with my uncle, too,
actually making very good money.
But my mom said that if you're going to play hockey.
We need help. We're not very wealthy. And you're going to help us pay. So I didn't last long,
though, guys. I lasted probably a month. And McDonald's was not for me. I was more of an
entrepreneur and went back to my uncle who had a construction business. And yeah, I made a lot
more money working with him. Yeah, slapping Slapping burgers on, on patties was,
was not for Matthew Barnaby at the time, even though I was very, very,
very poor.
When you just said you didn't last long, I thought you might say a day,
a month, it's like seven years. That's like going to Russia,
working a month.
It was long. It was long. And I was taking the bus to get there.
So just imagine taking the bus actually probably ate up most of my salary there back in the day.
Yeah, they actually, I could picture your last day.
It goes, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
You're cool.
Fuck you.
I'm out.
Like half, it was a half baked.
Hold on.
Let me get those fries.
I don't even think so.
I think it was just walk out and don't even say anything to anyone ever again.
Leave your 12 paycheck and I'm good.
Could you imagine camera phones existed back then?
How many rights he was feeding the customers
like you see nowadays on Instagram videos?
He'd be all over Barstool.
It would be great.
Yeah, I'd be all over it.
Yeah, if there was camera phones and shit,
I would have done to some of the people
that were working there
and some of the people that you were having to report to.
It would have been fun.
Barney, recently on this episode,
we talked about kind of fan interactions with players.
And I don't remember what brought it up.
Maybe I don't remember what it was, maybe a thing in the USHL actually,
but I'm wondering in your run of the, not only the NHL,
but junior and always being the guy you were that other fans hated.
Did you ever have any beefs withs with opposing fans in other arenas?
Yeah, I mean, almost everyone I went into, I got death threats.
I mean, when we played Philadelphia, I can't remember, it was 97.
I mean, I was getting death threats at the hotel,
and I'd get shit thrown on me as I'd walk into the rink.
So I'd always wear a shitty suit into Philadelphia
because I knew I was getting fucking doused with fear as I was walking into the ring because
they're,
they're hovering above you as you walk into the entrance into that center.
So you get doused with beer and again,
death threats.
Not that I ever took them serious.
If someone's going to kill me over a fucking game of hockey,
kill me.
I probably go to a better spot.
I know I'm going to a warm spot.
I'm not going to somewhere chilly.
Um,
if they do kill me,
but,
interaction.
Yeah. Atlanta was a good one.
Atlanta, for some reason, they hated me so much there,
and I was always in the jumbotron,
and they'd play movie clips with me being just a moron.
Like, they'd pull up those, you know, any movie, Revenge of the Nerds, whatever it might be, and they'd put my face and put them onto people.
And I'd always have this one couple couple and the guy would always come down and
just start yelling.
You fucking suck.
You're terrible.
Whatever.
I would obviously I'm giving them the line,
right?
Yeah.
I make a million five,
go back to your fucking job.
I'll sign your lunch pail tomorrow morning and stop having that.
Stop having that fucking bitch.
That wife of yours fucking call me at my hotel.
Like I'm,
I'm not doing her like she, she can have you. I me at my hotel. I'm not doing her.
She can have you.
I don't want her.
I'm good where I am.
So are there others?
Yeah.
I think every building that I went into, there was some nasty shit signed
and yelled at.
I still remember probably the best one.
I never got fined.
And Colin Campbell, thank God God because I was in Carolina
one night one of the seven fans that were at the game
and they were right behind our bench
there was a mom dad
and two kids and the girls
they were screaming at me and I'm on the bench
and I think I was in Pittsburgh
at the time I might have been in New York
and I'm getting screamed at
you fucking suck you fucking
plug whatever I'm talking to mom, you know, you're you fucking suck. You fucking plug, whatever.
I'm talking to mom, like the mom's yelling at me and whatever.
And I just give her like, like I'm playing with my, you know,
what my crank and I'm looking at her and I'm making gestures back to her.
And she wrote in to Gary Bettman and the NHL.
And they're like, this guy is disgusting. And it disgusts me.
We're not renewing our season tickets to this guy so they call me and I'm like guys they started it I just
finished it like if they're gonna if they're gonna swear at me in front of their kids and then
complain because I'm doing things back in front of their kids don't start I said I never start I
don't like starting fights but if you started there's nothing I won't say to make you cry
I promise I'm going to win at the end of the day I will nothing i won't say to make you cry i promise i'm going to win
at the end of the day i will say anything above and beyond to make you cry and lose the argument
so they didn't find me thank god because they didn't want to look bad in front of uh you know
just in front of the general public because yeah what i did was a little crude a little rude but
it is what it is don't start and you won won't get offended. It's Thanksgiving in the Barnaby household,
and everyone's going around saying what they're thankful for.
It's Matthew.
He's like, I had nine people cancel their season tickets this year in the NHL.
It's been a hell of a year.
Hell of a year.
I love it.
Yes, yes.
It was all Carolina, so they weren't coming back anymore at that time.
Barnes, you're most known for your time in Buffalo.
Let's start at the beginning.
You had some legendary players on these teams.
You know, one, Rob Ray, who's a guy you gravitated towards.
Just talk about your relationship with him and just how funny the guy is.
He is fun.
We had a lot of great times back in the day.
I mean, it was just crazy.
Such a different era. But, yeah, we had so much fun on the ice we had so much fun off the ice and then we
we lived together so we had so many answers and we're so different like i love clothes um i love
being you know just out there and having fun and rob's more serious but he likes to have fun
he he's never bought a shirt in his life. He's never bought a suit.
He's the guy that goes on a West Coast trip for seven days and brings a toothbrush.
Doesn't bring toothpaste because he's going to expect his roommate to bring it.
But we had some fun times.
He loved going out.
He loves his beers.
He doesn't drink anymore.
I think it's been probably 10 years since he's had a drink.
But fun guy back in the day but complete opposites and one
good robbery story we battled so much we're such complete opposites and we respected each other so
much but we're such complete opposites that i kind of played off it and i remember one day you guys
might even be too young to remember the first original one-piece stick it was it was the bush
you guys remember the bush oh i remember the bush okay okay so thepiece stick. It was the Bush. You guys remember the Bush? Oh, I remember the Bush.
Okay, okay.
So the Bush stick was the original one-piece,
and Rob Ray was not a great hockey player, right?
I think we can all say that.
I mean, stick handling was at a premium
if you could keep it within four pieces.
And the one, we used to practice at Buff State
when we were in Buffalo. We'd go over to Buff State to practice because buff state when we were in buffalo we'd go over to buff
state to practice because we didn't have a practice facility so we'd all get our gear on
and go over there and and he just got his he got his bush stick about i want to say a month later
than everyone else for some reason first of all they didn't really want him using the stick i
think and he got he got. And he was just waiting.
He was so proud.
It was all fucking taped up with graveyard on it
or whatever he used to put on his stick.
And in front of all the guys, I go, watch this.
And I go, Razor, can I see your stick?
And he was all proud.
He was just all proud.
He had his first one-piece stick, but he only had one.
And he gave it to me.
And I started flexing.
He goes, be careful, be careful.
And all of a sudden, I just stepped on the blade and broke it
and he fucking lost his
mind like when I say
lost his mind the fucking
wires touched and he went
absolutely crazy so now
we're on the bus Lindy rubs at the front and all
the red maids look at me like oh fuck here
we go and we're going toe to toe
on the bus I mean
full haymakers back and forth.
And I'm not landing too many.
He's landing most.
But I won't go down.
And I hit him with one at the end.
And he just looks at me.
He fucking starts screaming.
And he headbutts me right in the face and knocks my three-front teeth out
that were already fake.
But he knocks them all out.
And all the guys are like, what the fuck?
There's blood all over the place.
There's a broken bush stick.
And Rob Ray just looks at you and goes, you are an asshole.
And we went to practice.
It was a great day.
Jesus Christ.
Now, let's talk about all-time best goalies.
We always talk about Paddy Wyer and Matty Rodor.
And rightfully so.
They are two of the greats.
But you play with Dominic Hasek, man.
I feel like his name doesn't get mentioned nearly
enough when we talk about the best goalies ever.
First off, how
great of a goalie is he playing with
them, and how crazy was he, too, in the locker
room? Because goalies are all nuts.
First of all, is it Marty Brodeur
or Matty Brodeur? I didn't know there was a Matty Brodeur.
Hey, Barney, I said that was the
worstest accent ever.
Holy fuck, Matty Brodeur. I was like, holy, I'm the worst his accent ever. Holy fuck.
Maddie Brodeur.
Maddie Brodeur.
Holy fuck.
Maddie.
That's a tough one for you.
It's okay. We'll cover up.
We'll see what we do.
We'll edit that out later on.
My Canadian accent will come out
very shortly if it hasn't already.
Dominic Hasek is one of the biggest douchebags I've ever met in my life.
Wow.
I will say, yeah, not a great guy.
Not a great guy.
Not a well-liked teammate.
A little on the cheap side, possibly.
Oh, cheap and just the way he was with everyone.
He was so big in his own country, in Czechoslovakia,
that he could do no wrong.
But here's what I'll say.
I grew up watching Marty Roeder, Patrick Waugh,
and then playing as Marty Roeder in junior
and then in the NHL for my whole career.
Both phenomenal.
I mean, absolute legends.
But I think I have a bias towards
and i can say that because i don't like the guy so when i say he is the best of all time
i truly believe dominic hasik is the best of all time uh what he did for our team uh we were a
bunch of guys that worked really hard loved loved playing the game, battled every single day, practiced and would do anything
for each other, fight and have fun off. We did everything.
But it wasn't any of that possible. The Northeast Divisions
and having the success we did, our success, not Stanley Cubs,
but our success that we did, because we were successful for a bunch of years,
was on him uh he was
phenomenal he gave us a chance every single night and my greatest thing with him is we'd be down two
to one after the second period and he would stand up and literally say boys you give them two one
two on one three on two breakaways i stop them all you guys just find a way to fucking score
one goal or two goal, we win the game.
And we would fucking, I mean, we would
cheat. We would cheat
more than fucking Bill Clinton on Hillary.
I mean, we were gone.
We were fucking gone.
And we just could find a way to score
one or two goals and we'd win the game.
But it was all undone.
He's the best of all time, in my
opinion. Was he a bad teammate or was it just all an ego thing with him
he's just a weird dude i mean he's just a weird dude and it has to be
it has to be his way and there's no other way and it just he treats young guys. I felt he treated people like shit sometimes, and that really irked me.
Couldn't take a joke.
He was cheap.
I mean, just you name it, he did it.
Yeah.
As a person, I don't like him.
I don't respect him.
But as a player, I respect him more than probably any player I've ever played with.
Were the locals aware of this, or were they all fooled?
No, they were all thrilled.
They was all Dominic Hasek, Dominic.
And none of the rumors were true that he was sleeping with someone's wife
or someone was sleeping with his wife.
Those were all bullshit.
Our team was a, was a debacle at the time in the,
in the fact that we had John Muckler that,
that hated Pat LaFontaine and loved Dominic Hasek.
And Ted Nolan hated Dominic Hasek and loved the guys like myself and Rob Ray
and wanted to play a tough style.
So it was a debacle at the time.
And it was really, you know, probably because of Dom and John Muckler,
why it all blew up.
But, yeah, everyone thought he was God, and rightfully so.
He was a God in Buffalo and should be a God for his hockey play alone.
Guys, before we go any further, I wanted to talk to you for a minute
about Martin Bow Jeans.
These things, super comfy, man.
Martin Bow is a New York-based startup brand that's changed the way you buy
jeans online with their ridiculously comfortable premium denim,
a fair price point, and convenient free home try-on program. I've had a couple pairs of Martin Bow for a while now. Love them. Love them.
Super comfy. They're premium handcrafted jeans. You can feel the difference right when you put
them on. It's premium denim, which means insane comfort. And if you wear jeans every day, or if
you're the guy that wears the same pair of jeans multiple days in a row looking at you, it's a cool
thing to do. That's fine. There's nothing to worry about it, but you want to do it with your Martin Bow jeans, all right?
There's no ugly back pocket embroidery or weird stitching, just simple aesthetics for a great
looking jeans because Martin Bow makes these jeans themselves in their own factory. By shipping
directly to you, they also eliminate retail mock-ups, typical of luxury denim, and they can
provide these at an incredible price point. For those unsure between weight sizes, you must try the home try-on program.
You get an additional size for free to try at the comfort of your own home.
Keep the one that fits perfectly and send the other one back in the prepaid return label
inside every box.
So convenient.
You can't beat it.
They got a wide selection of washes, fits, and unique denims.
More than just your standard blue jeans, they also have khaki jeans.
Check those bad boys out. All right. of washes, fits, and unique denims. More than just your standard blue jeans, they also have khaki jeans.
Check those bad boys out.
All right, these jeans are already on the price for the quality, but the deal gets even better
for our spit and chiclets listeners.
Go to martinbow.com.
That's M-O-T-T-A-N-D-B-O-W.com backslash chiclets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Again, that's martinbow.com backslash chiclets.
Matthew, you mentioned shitting your pants during your pregame naps a few minutes ago.
I know some guys like the fight.
We've had Milan Lucic on a cold morning.
They used to get off on it.
They really thrived on fighting.
You look like a guy who's always having fun out there, smiling and laughing.
Were you enjoying it, or was that just kind of part of part of the routine i guess you know what once i got into it like that was pre-game nap so
it's like a schoolyard fight every single day that you went to a game back then you know that
it's not like that anymore but it was like a schoolyard fight so if you didn't get nervous
i mean there's something wrong with you and the guys i had to fight for the most part were probably
40 pounds heavier and three inches taller so you know when you when you look at that that that that was the hard hard
part about it was just knowing that you had to fight once I was into it once the game started
I wasn't scared anymore I wasn't afraid to fight once the game started because I was there it was
the it was it was the wait time that was a struggle for me in the pregame naps not the night before
but in the pregame nap just knowing in a few hours,
you were probably going to have to fight one tough guy,
and you had the risk of breaking your orbital bone, getting a concussion,
breaking your nose, losing teeth, breaking your jaw, whatever it may be.
That was the hard part.
But once I got on the ice and I was in it, I loved it.
I loved it.
It's like you took on a different persona, and it wasn't Matthew Barnaby.
Because off the ice, I liked that fun. I loved it. I had a great time's like you took on a different persona, and it wasn't Matthew Barney. Because off the ice, I like to have fun.
I love to have a great time.
But I'm actually more subdued.
And when I got on there, it's like I took an alter ego
and absolutely loved being the center of attention and doing what I did.
Barney, that's the anticipation that would kill me as well.
I think I'm right here in saying it was 197 NHL regular season fights.
Am I right with my math?
I'm not sure.
I know it's around 200, so that number makes sense.
Okay, and of all those, who are the most
203 there? Sorry.
What?
You're like, Biz, you could have said 203 there.
You could have given me a couple more than 200.
Yeah, it's 203.5, by the uh no i i i'm not sure the number i know it's around 200 but
i've never actually counted well i just flex in my math skills but who are the most proud
like which guy that doesn't fight that you finally sucked into one that you were the most proud of
that doesn't fight that i most sucked in bill Lindsay one night. He was chirping all game long.
I didn't think that he was going to have to put out.
So I started like a five on five against him in Florida,
just telling everyone like, I'm going to start this
and you guys are going to grab everyone.
I want Lindsay left alone.
So once they did it and I grabbed them,
I was able to just beat the living fucking tar out of him.
Like he's one of those guys you could just look in the stands and just
punch him in the face.
And I mean,
he wasn't going to ever,
ever,
ever hurt you.
So he was one that I really enjoyed.
You know,
my,
probably my most famous fight is against Garth Snow.
We had fought the year before in the minors and I fucking hated him.
I mean,
I hated him in the minors.
He,
he,
he's, he's very him in the minors.
He's very coy in the way that he uses his words.
He's able to chirp with the best of them.
But we played him when he was in Philadelphia. And we had a tough game with Brad.
And Buckner was on the ice at the time.
And I remember him.
I just got a little shot from Shane Antoski.
And I just said, if anything ever starts, I want a shot at Gar Snow here at some point
so once this happened everyone paired
off and then I teed off
on Gar Snow for a long
long time because everyone else
was with another guy
fighting so I was able to fight him and then
you know when you have free reign on a goaltender
to be able to just punch away
it's a great feeling because I didn't get many wins
so I knew this was a for sure one.
And then Rod Rinnemore twice.
Rod was  Rod the Bod was a very strong guy but wasn't the best fighter.
And the reason his nose is kind of the way it is now, I take very big pride in it,
is because I broke it twice.
So, yeah, those are some of the guys that I love fighting.
Who was your first NHL fight with, Matthew?
Sean Hill.
Sean Hill.
First NHL game.
Yeah, I picked a big one.
I picked a big one there.
It's funny, my roommate, of course I won.
If I say I lost to Sean Hill, if I say I lost to Sean Hill,
I'm going to get no respect on spit on the, on spit and chiclets here.
So definitely one.
My,
my roommate actually tweeted me the other day,
Doug McDonald plays at the University of Wisconsin.
He's my roommate in,
in Rochester for a bit.
But he remembers,
he was like,
you got to tell the story on,
on your podcast that,
you know,
you,
you called,
first of all,
you asked if it was okay to call in the bed next to him
before the on the pregame nap uh that you were going to fight lilo line or mike keen or you know
one of the one of the tough guys and then you end up fighting my roommate in college sean hill
so he goes i thought you were a lot tougher and then you fight sean hill so you should be a little
embarrassed but i'm going to say i got the win and And then, uh, Ryan McGill, my second game against Philadelphia, uh, I did not get the
win, but I didn't get the loss.
He head butted me halfway through and got kicked out of the game.
So I'll, I'll, I'll take, uh, I won my first one and probably lost as this said, my law,
my last one 96, except for Bill.
I, I, I, I take a little offense because I think Sean Hill would probably feed me my lunch so for you to say
that you might get beat up by Sean Hill
would be embarrassing I mean right now
I know I'm feeling pretty
pussy right now Barney but my other question
or not other question my main question
is you kind of were really into not
you weren't the beginning but you also really
thrived on celebrating after fights
I mean if you want to fight I mean
you were going to try to embarrass the guy as much as possible you just loved kind of giving it to guys but you also really thrived on celebrating after fights. I mean, if you want to fight, I mean, God,
you were going to try to embarrass the guy as much as possible.
You just loved kind of giving it to guys and going off into the box,
you know, giving a nice little show.
Yeah, I mean, for the most, again, when you fight guys like Ty Domi
on a nightly basis, it's two grimps and you're going to lose your fair share.
I just tried to make sure because when I thought it was,
you know, most of the time was to pump my team up.
We were losing 2-0.
If we were ever losing 2-0, I was going to fight.
That was set in my mind.
Anytime we're down 2-0, I'm going to fight,
try to change the momentum right away.
It doesn't matter who I'm going to do.
But if you're losing 2-0 in Toronto
and you fight Ty Dole and he's punching you in the face,
I didn't want him to think that he was hurting me.
Now, sometimes it hurt.
Most of the time it didn't because usually you don't feel right busy in the middle of a fight.
You don't feel the punches until after.
I just wanted to try to piss him off and let my team know that it wasn't hurting,
that he wasn't doing anything to me and that I could laugh it off.
Now, it might hurt later on, but at that point, I just wanted the opposing fans, my fans,
to know that he wasn't getting the best of me, even if it looked like that. So that was the
reason I did it, was to try to piss them off as well. And sometimes when you laugh at someone so
much, they might change up their attack and try to force something. If they were able to force
something, the longer it went for me, I in i was in really good condition and then maybe i could slip in a punch or two along the way make it look a little
better so essentially i wanted to piss them off and and have my team think that we won the fight
maybe when we really did barnes i think it's hilarious that you say that because there'd be
some times where you would get you know bambied where you'd go black and basically get knocked
out uh standing up or a guy would break your nose or cut you open where you probably should have
went to the locker room,
but there was not a chicken fucking Dick's chance in hell.
I was going to the locker room and letting him get that upper hand mentally
on me.
I was going right to the box.
I was going to collect my thoughts.
And then after I went back towards the bench,
then I would maybe go in the dressing room to get stitched up.
The funniest thing is,
it's funny you bring that up because Stu Grimson, the Grim Reaper, who I absolutely love now,
we hate each other and shit that I yelled at him over the years.
I wish I could take him back because I like him so much.
Now he's such a class guy in just everything that he does
and so articulate in the way that he speaks.
And as an analyst, as a person, I respect him so much.
But I remember fighting him the the
one time in Pittsburgh he was playing for Los Angeles and he hit me so many times and I wouldn't
go down and he just looked at me goes kid he doesn't swear he goes kid go down and I just
looked at him I go I'm not going down he punched me one more time and he just looked at me goes
you're stupid and he goes refs come on in here. And the ref came in and I just went to the box. He just looks at me and goes, what's wrong with you?
He goes, go down. Just go down. I go, I can't go down.
I'll look even worse if I go down. So I further
your comment. Yeah, we have a little bit of pride.
Well, I want to get in a little bit to Pittsburgh, a place that Biz and I
obviously had the chance to play at
and live in, great city.
But you announced your presence with authority there,
and some of the guys you play with, I mean,
Iago right away comes to mind,
especially because you were in New York with them later.
But what was your initial thoughts getting there?
I know you said you wish you'd stayed in Buffalo,
but how did that whole entire thing go down in terms of you getting there,
and then what did you think of your overall time at Pittsburgh?
Yeah, I love Pittsburgh, and I'll get to that in a second.
But I love Teddy Nolan, our coach in Buffalo, obviously.
He gave me a chance, just like L.A.
Cheney gave me a chance in junior, and he was unrightfully let go by the Buffalo Sabres.
Coach of the year, then offered a one-year contract
and Lindy Ruff came in and I held it back
probably a little that he was let go
and probably didn't give him the chance that I should have.
But, you know, you live and you learn
and I asked to be traded.
It took almost a year and a half before
they did trade me to Pittsburgh for Stu Barnes
who was not only a great player but a great guy
and did great things for the Buffalo Sabres when he went there, led them to their Stanley
Cup run in 99, which I'm glad they lost, by the way, because that would have killed me
if I asked to get traded.
And they won a Stanley Cup and knowing that I'd never have a ring and all my fucking buddies
would.
So I'm glad they lost in 99.
I'm sad for the city of Buffalo, but fuck that.
Who cares?
When I went to Pittsburgh, I was welcomed with open arms.
Again, I had a brutal reality check when you show up
and now you're not protected by Rob Ray and Brad May.
And instead of fighting the third guy or the fourth guy,
you're fighting super heavies every single night.
So I think I got a lot of respect from the players. obviously the city took me in and and treated me so well and I was I was uh just
just elaborate with with the fact that I got to play with Yager and Lemieux and Straka and Lang
so many great guys and great players uh it was really three great years with great people and a great city.
Very fortunate with the trade
that I went to a spot that
I was very lucky to make my home.
Was Yogs a freak in the gym
back then just like he was towards the end of his
career?
He would always
leave practice early
but I hung out with him a lot
because my family my first year they
stayed in buffalo and i i had i had two young kids at the time and so my family stayed in buffalo so
i most of the time i was at yager's place after and he's not a big drinker um he works really
hard but he he kind of was on his own on his We would work out there, whereas he would do his stuff.
He would leave practice really early.
He would go home.
His mom would have his borscht or whatever the fuck he ate and have it ready for him.
Then he would nap for three hours.
Then he would get up, and I'd be at his house and having a couple beers, watching games, whatever.
He'd get on the stationary bike right there and start working out at home.
And he'd get on the stationary bike right there and start working out at home.
So most of the time back then, he did most of his work at home away from the rink where some people would have said, oh my God, this guy is so lazy because he's not doing it at
the rink.
But he was doing it at home way before.
And then it became such a big thing.
We know of him in the later stops and him needing a key because he wasn't working out
at 11 o'clock at night.
Well, he was doing that way back when, but he was doing it at home.
So I was privy to that and watching him, just the dedication he had.
The one thing he had, he wanted to be the best.
Every day, he wanted to be the best.
And he'd actually mock himself going, I suck, I suck.
Like if he didn't score for two games, and I'd be going 39 games going,
I'm good, I'm good. This guy's going 39 games going i'm good i'm good this guy's going
i'm great i'm fucking awesome and this guy's going two games and not scoring and he's going like
i i gotta find a way and he he tinkered with everything he was always trying to be the best
and that's where i take away from him is just always wanting to do the best every single day
and looking at other players to make himself better.
Yeah, Constantine's like, hey, you're in a bit of a slump.
You're like, what are you talking about?
I had a secondary assist 10 games ago.
Oh, yeah.
Are you kidding?
I always say he goes, oh, man, I only had 13 points this month.
That's a great year.
Are you kidding?
13 points.
I can negotiate with that in arbitration
um alexei kovalev was one more guy i want to ask you about in pittsburgh just his natural talent i
heard rumors of him just showing up to camp having not skated all summer and he'd be the best guy on
the ice he would play us one on three after practice you know we always play three on three
and you know you'd have your game after practice and and play for 20 minutes and
have fun he would take us on one on three uh days and and you know it would be it would be a fight
he's the most talented player i've ever played with now let me run through a list of players
i played with pat lafontaine alexander mcgillney joe sack peter forsberg, Mario Lemieux, Mark Messier, Brian Leach, Eric Lindros, to name a few.
He is by far the most talented player I've ever played with in my life.
He's also the most underachieving thousand-point man I've ever seen, and I like him.
It's no disrespect, because I like him a lot.
He can do anything he wants.
He just had to decide he wanted to play.
And when Alexei wanted to play,
there's no reason
he shouldn't score a goal game. That's how
good he is. His snapshot was incredible.
His stakes, his hands,
I mean, everything he wanted to do
and he was strong as a bull. I mean, he had
to be 6'2",
220. He used a 110 flex stick. I mean, ridiculous. And he was strong as a bull. I mean, he had to be 6'2", 20.
He used a 110 flex stick.
I mean, ridiculous.
And he still got lean on it.
Like, it was absolutely ridiculous.
So, the most talented guy I've ever seen in my life, Tharnon.
You talked about a few of those star players that you play with.
A couple of the names you dropped were in New York.
Now, when you went there, you guys had kind of like a super team.
I'd imagine you guys were probably spending the most in the entire league,
but just like disappointing results.
Like what was, like what just wasn't going on there?
We had, I think our payroll back then, and that was in 01.
Oh, I was there 01 to 04.
I think our payroll was 85 million back then, guys.
I mean, we had so many guys making 10 million, 7 million.
It was ridiculous.
I mean, we had Pavel Bure at times.
I can't remember who all played together at one time.
But while I was there alone, we had Lindros, Leach, Medved, Bure, Marc Messier, Blurry.
Hey, you know what's crazy? Hey, Barney, you know what's nuts is that you're not even
saying Bobby Hulik. He was making
9 million on that team.
Best story ever for Bobby Hulik.
We didn't have success
on that team because there was just too many guys
and we couldn't.
I don't want to say like the Tampa Bay Lightning, but John Cooper
does a great job of
keeping everyone happy. It's hard when you have so many superstars to keep everyone happy with ice time
it's a really really hard thing to do and we went through coaches like they were pez dispensers I
mean they just pumped them out and just get a new one let's just pump it out baby so we went I think
I had six coaches in about three years you can't can't just get a new coach.
We're all making 10 million.
It doesn't matter.
But Bobby Holy,
that best thing I've ever heard from Bobby Holy come sitting on the bench
with it one day.
And we had signed him for 9 million a year for five years.
We got 45 million back in like,
Oh two or three,
whatever it was.
And he's the,
he's,
he's one of my favorite teammates of all time.
Smart, intellectual. I mean, he is the he's he's one of my favorite teammates of all time smart intellectual i mean he is
hard worker honest he's more american than any american i've ever met i mean he's from
czechoslovakia and he looks at me and he goes bonnie didn't glenn say they're like watching
me play for the last 10 years and i'm like what do you mean he He goes, if Bobby Hulik on third line or fourth line and play penalty kill,
maybe a little second unit power play for 20 seconds,
we probably will make the playoffs and we might win the cup.
And I'm like, okay.
He goes, well, I'm first line here and first unit power play.
We aren't making the fucking playoffs.
And I fucking started dying.
He's like,
he's like,
they give me nine,
9 million a year.
I have to sign it,
but Bobby,
holy,
not worth 9 million a year.
I still use a wooden stick.
Oh,
fuck.
Great,
great man.
Or he came over from New Jersey.
Did he not?
And they had a pretty structured system.
Yeah. I'm glad you brought that up.
We had video one time, and Glenn Sather actually came back to be our coach
because the president, Spencer, ran out, and he was going around the room
asking guys that had won cups before, you know,
is this the way they did it when they won cups?
And they were all like, yes, lads, that's the way we did it.
That's the way we did it.
And they look at Bobby Holi, can he give a fuck he had he had four more years at
nine million dollars left they weren't getting rid of him and if they were they were going to
pay him hard um and he looked at it he's like bobby is this the way you guys did it new jersey
like same systems that we do and he looks at him he goes you know what slats no that's not what we
did we had structure We had structure.
We had accountability.
We all played for each other.
We don't see anything like that here.
And I just looked at him and I was like, oh, God.
And Slats just goes beating over.
Get the fuck out.
Yeah, he was great.
I love Bobby.
Jesus Christ.
Were the boys pissed at him after that?
Oh, well, no, a couple.
I'd say some of the guys that were there, like Mark Messi at the time,
was a little sour probably because him and Slats were really close.
But a lot of us were like, fuck, yeah, this is a shit show here.
Like, this is a shit show.
Like, we went through five coaches in a few years, and you're going to say it's on us?
Like, you guys need the accountability and we need a structure.
We had no structure.
Theo Fleury, I love him, but I don't think I  I played with him for two years.
I don't think I practiced with him three times.
Like, I don't even remember seeing him at the rink.
And I love the guy, but I don't remember seeing him at the rink
and I certainly don't remember him, you know, putting it all out. I remember Theo Fleury literally would put his skates on untied and skate
out there.
And literally they weren't even tied up like very loosely.
It was,
I was like,
how the hell isn't he breaking his ankle here?
Like,
I have no idea how he isn't breaking his ankle.
So no,
it was total dysfunction.
Having said that,
I love the guys there.
I love the city.
Love playing at MSG.
It was truly a dream come true to having played in such a great spot.
Last question about the Rangers and MSG,
and we have to ask whenever we talk to anyone who played with Mess.
So what are your thoughts?
Right when you met him, what did you think about him,
and did he ever do anything as memorable as most people say
about just being around him? You know what what i didn't see that side of him he
had a girlfriend when i was with him but just going back to meeting him for the first time uh
it's the only guy i've ever been nervous to meet ever like i walked in that room like that that's
the moose like that's that's that's the man um he was my lineman. He was my centerman for, you know, the better part of three years.
So I was fortunate to be around him a lot, meetings with, um, dinners.
And, uh, he was awesome in great shape for his age at the time.
I, he, he was, he was everything I thought he would be. Uh,
but as for stories, like we would go late night back to his house and,
and his, and his girl would be there. Um,
and we'd play pool to
all all hours of the morning and just have so much fun uh with leach he leach was close brian leach
and then lindros they all lived within well they were in the higher rent district i was about 30
blocks closer uh to the city yeah the lord 7700 and 1,000 to park your car was low-rent district back then.
Oh, my God.
Those guys were in the scene.
Yeah, yeah.
You don't put a lot of money away unless you're one of the big boys.
But, yeah, I loved the Moose.
I loved playing with him.
It's pretty special to say I got to play on a line with Marc Messier for the better part of three years.
But no crazy stories.
No, he was just a very good leader, very methodical. Um, you know,
all the stories that I heard before, very methodical.
He's one guy that thinks every aspect of everything that he does on and off
the ice now. And, uh, yeah, just an amazing man.
Matthew back to Ted Nolan for a second. Was he blackballed by owners?
I know that was kind of a rumor going around that, you know, he supposedly went up the backstairs to the owner in Buffalo, but it was he blackballed by owners? I know that was kind of a rumor going around that he supposedly went up the
back stairs to the owner in Buffalo, but was he
blackballed? Do you buy that theory?
I do buy that theory
and I love him. I think
it's part of
two things. He did go behind
the general manager's back and he can't
do that. And I didn't understand that at the
time, but you can't go above
your boss to another boss. You just can't do it. He did that. I think the second part at the time but you you can't go above your boss to another boss
and you just can't do it he did that I think the second part of that thing is he did get another
opportunity at some point and he went to the Islanders uh but he didn't stay in tune with
the league and also with the one thing about Teddy is he's such a motivator uh that's what he what he
lived and died with he wasn't much of an X and O's guy. And I think that hurt him not knowing the league
and staying in tune with the league once he lost his job.
You lose your job, you move on,
you work even harder to get that job back.
You learn the league, you learn the players even more.
I don't think he did that.
But as much as I don't think he should have lost his job,
I don't think he had the right to really get another job
after not staying in tune with the league.
So as much as I love him, I think he hurt himself a lot as well.
What's crazy is we've been going almost an hour here.
We haven't even touched on Tampa Bay,
and then obviously you finished with three different teams
in your last three years.
Well, Chicago and Tampa Bay, I was there for a hot second,
so I think you're okay there.
Yeah, but you play with some other great players there.
Do you have any other crazy stories from the other teams you played for
other than the Rangers and Buffalo?
Crazy.
Well, Tampa was just a shit  I don't want to say
we were really bad when I got traded there.
The reason I got traded to Tampa from Pittsburgh is, if you guys remember,
we had a European coach because we had so many Czechoslovakian players.
So we brought in Ivan Holinka because we had so many Czechoslovakians.
So they thought that was a great idea.
Now I dreamed of playing in the National Hockey League,
and Pittsburgh brought in a European coach.
It did not work out.
So one day I'm screaming at Bob Probert and Brad Brown, all the tough guys,
and I don't play one shift the whole game
until about five minutes left in the game,
and Ivan Holinka goes,
Barney, you're up next.
And I said, fuck you, not a chance.
I'm going out there with five minutes left,
up 5-0 with Kobe and all these guys
and all this shit that I've yelled at them.
So one thing happens, I don't go on the ice,
and I go up to our GM, Craig Patrick, and ask him to be traded.
He traded me three days later to Tampa Bay.
So I was very fortunate that he respected me enough to trade me.
I go to Tampa, torts hated me, didn't play me.
I played 30 seconds a night, told me I sucked, told me I couldn't skate.
And then obviously I got traded from there and went to New York.
But I had the ability to go to Tampa Bay as much as I hated playing there
because I didn't play a lot.
I signed a three-year contract.
Thank you for the money.
I really appreciate it, but I got to play with Marty St. Louis,
and Vinny LeCavalier and Brad Richards, great guys,
but Marty St. Louis is the classiest guy, hardest working guy I've ever played.
And everyone knows the story of not being drafted and playing at University of Vermont.
But Marty St. Louis, for all those kids out there, and I know a lot of kids listen to your podcast.
My kid listens to every single one.
He's 20 years old and listens to it.
And I tell him the Marty St. Louis story every chance I get.
Not everyone's going to like you as a player.
Not everyone's going to like you as a player. Not everyone's going to respect you. But if you believe in yourself and truly believe that you can be a
player and believe in yourself in any facet of life, just buckle down, work hard, and be the
best you can be. It doesn't mean you're going to have the ultimate success, but you're going to
give yourself the best chance. And when I look back at my time in Tampa Bay, I was so fortunate
to play with a guy like Marty St. Louis and learn learn from him even though uh it didn't start off the way that he
wanted his career he certainly ended the way he wanted and hardest worker I've ever seen so any
kid and all the young hockey players that listen uh to spit and chiclets and you guys every week
uh take that as motivation because it truly I saw it, and it's amazing what you can do when you really, really commit yourself.
Not half in, not 75 in, but 120 put yourself in like Marty St. Louis did
because hardest worker I've ever seen, Hall of Famer,
and so proud to have been his teammate.
Fantastic advice and fantastic words about Marty.
I just had one more question for you, Matthew.
Other than Buffalo, obviously,
what's the one city you would have liked to have had a few more seasons in?
I would say Colorado.
You know, I hated Chicago because we just weren't there yet.
We had no fans in the stands.
It was before the Madhouse on Madison really, really became.
We were kind of probably the last team before Caves and Kane came in.
But Colorado, what a special, special bunch of guys.
We had a really good team.
We didn't have a great goaltender.
I'm not blaming it on David Abisher.
But if we had a really good goaltender,
if we had Patrick Wofford one more year after that lockout season,
I mean, we win a Stanley Cup.
To play with Joe Sackett, just such a class guy.
Peter Forsberg, he was banged up, a class guy.
And Tame Wasolani, Paul Correa.
We had so many great players.
And on the back end, Rob Blake and Adam Foote.
To have turned down that contract, I blame my wife at the time
because she didn't want to go to the West Coast.
That story for another day.
Then she took half my money.
That's another story.
Yeah, round two.
So when I look back at that, Colorado having a chance to play there,
great fans, great spot to live.
I wish I would have signed a longer-term deal there
rather than going for a little bit more money in Chicago
to that shitstorm that was there.
Well, Matty, we got to thank you for coming on and wrap up.
We don't want to take up too much of your time.
A couple things, though.
You're starting your own podcast, I believe?
I am, yes, yes.
Episode one was last week and got one taping tomorrow.
So it's a lot of fun.
I'll be doing one a week and maybe go from there.
But Matthew Barnard will be unfiltered so uh just giving my opinion on everything i my favorite part of it though guys is
i interview my mom every week and my mom is a tire fire she's she's funny she loves drambuie
she loves wine so i always try to get her to have a couple before she comes in and nothing's off
limits uh she's she's a lot of fun so if you guys have a chance to listen, Matthew Barnaby, Unfiltered,
will be going strong from here on out.
But love listening to you guys every single week.
I know everyone just absolutely loves your podcast.
What you guys do is amazing.
Keep doing great work and being who you guys are.
And if it's anything like this interview,
I'm sure it'll be an unbelievable success.
Thank you for coming on.
And shout out to the three-goal game,
the hat trick you had in front of your mom on Mother's
Day. We didn't get a chance to talk about it, but I'm pretty
sure we covered everything else. Right, Whit?
I mean, I got to hear it at some point, so
we'll do that on round two, and you can also tell
us about the wife not
letting you go out to the West Coast. So we got
more to talk about. Yeah, yeah.
All good.
We're good. I got in shit that night because I just had my kid about
six days earlier on
and I said the greatest moment was my mom
seeing me play when my wife
just delivered my first kid, Matthew Jr.
So yeah, mom was shit-faced
at that game too. So great, great
moment, great hat trick, and thanks again
guys. I really appreciate it. That interview was also brought to you by SoFi. Did you know you're being underpaid by your
bank account? That's where SoFi money comes in. SoFi is an online personal finance company that
makes products people want and love, and they're not afraid to push against the status quo to do
it. SoFi just launched SoFi money. It gives you the best of both checking and savings all in
one account. You'll earn 2.23 interest, so you make way more on your money. Plus, you'll pay no
fees, no account fees, overdraft fees, foreign transaction fees, and even your ATM fees get
reimbursed. With more money and no fees, it's never been easier to spend and save at the same time.
And if you don't think it could get any better, it does.
SoFi money also gets you SoFi membership.
You can get access to exclusive events like tickets to the Big East basketball tournament,
free one-on-one career coaching, and more.
Learn how SoFi can help you get your money right and open a SoFi money account now at
SoFi.com slash chicklets.
That's S-O-F-I.com slash chicklets.
Thank you very much to Matthew Barnaby.
There's plenty more where that came from, I think, boys.
So maybe another round where he's got some classic stories
and ask him some other things.
But moving back to the current state of the NHL and what's going on,
and I'm taking some heat, and I deserve it.
I deserve it. I deserve it.
First one, I always call myself out when I said I think that Carolina
and Columbus will be the two teams in.
Montreal won't be.
Well, right now, it looks different than that,
and that's because Montreal's played well.
Carolina has too.
They're the two teams.
It looks like Columbus won't get in.
And it's incredible to see because with what happened at the deadline
and all the stuff we talked about to see them play
this poorly um you know they're playing vancouver tonight it's an enormous game for these guys they
do have a game in hand with montreal but still they're struggling to try to maintain pace and
get into this race they're all four and one in their last five road games uh panarin has i think
a goal in the 15 games since duchesne over. It's just been thing after thing, issue after issue.
And you look at, like, Dubois, you know, a big-time center for a young player for this guy.
He doesn't have points in 11 games.
So it's just  it's like you thought this team was going to take off
and maybe compete for going on a run in the spring.
And it's been really poor play by a lot of guys.
So crazy to think that they made all those moves and still might not get in.
I thought it was a bit of a bozo move going for it this year.
I said that right from the beginning.
It looks like I'm going to be right on that one.
But one thing I was not right about was the avalanche.
I thought they were toast, especially the way their second half of the season
is gone, especially after losing their captain for some time.
They're on a four-game win streak.
They've won five of their last six since losing to Atlantiscog.
This Grubauer has been lights out.
He's 6-2 in his last eight games with three shutouts,
a 9.67 save percentage,
and a goals-against average of one in that stretch of game.
So they're fucking buzzing right now,
and Arizona's kind of went the other way.
They've had a tough road trip so far.
Right now we're recording, and they're currently in the third period
of that game down to the Islanders 1-0.
So they're going to need this win.
They don't get any points in this game.
They've only got one point in those four games on that Eastern road trip.
The good news for the Arizona Coyotes,
they do have a head-to-head matchup against Colorado in Colorado,
and they also play Minnesota at home.
So even if they don't muster up any points on Sunday while we're recording
here, they will have an opportunity to put their fate in their own hands.
Yeah, we've got a couple of bond burners in each conference down to the last
spot, so it's going to be fun these last couple weeks of the season.
A couple of other notes we wanted to get to.
The tallest player in NHL history, Zidane O'Chara,
will be back for 22nd NHL season in his 14th in Boston.
He re-upped with the Bruins for another year at a one-year,
2 million contract.
It's the same 1.75 million in incentives as this season.
Basically, he has to play 10 games.
The Bruins make the playoffs.
Pretty easy stuff.
Very team-friendly deal, as I said,
which will allow the team to sign McAvoy,
Carlo, Heinen.
They got all these guys.
They got to sign.
It makes some extra dough for them.
Also, one other note, Zidano scored his 200th career goal Saturday night in Sunrise against the Panthers.
He's the 22nd defenseman to hit 200 goals in his career.
So, congrats to Z.
I couldn't believe only 22 guys have gotten 200 goals playing D in the NHL.
I would have said 50 if you were to ask me.
But that's incredible.
What a run.
And it's funny.
Obviously, Char isn't the player he once was when he was, if not the best in the league,
easily one of those guys.
But since he started playing a little less role, that's kind of what he needed.
As you get older, it makes total sense.
But he's not that 26, 27-minute-per-game guy now.
But still, when he goes out there in 19, 20 minutes,
he can make some really good plays.
And there's times that, you know, he looks maybe a little too slow,
a little too old.
But I think his entire career, there's been times where he's kind of,
you know, looked bad on some plays.
Just because of how big he is,
it's naturally going to not look as flawless as some other guys.
But still, an incredible career and the fact that he's still doing it.
I think in a newspaper article it was similar.
Brady's playing older.
Same city, Chara's doing it.
So it's crazy to see he has enormous respect from everyone.
And I think the workload being lessened is allowing him to play in the NHL still.
Absolutely.
First ballot Hall of Famer.
And to me, the biggest thing about keeping him around,
and especially in an era where more and more young guys are coming to the league
without having to spend any time in the minors,
and really not having that structure and guys to show him what being a pro is about.
I mean, here, Grinnell, roll the audio from McAvoy.
Of course, he got that contract extension today.
What has he meant to your development as a defenseman?
I mean, it's really hard to put into words.
It's kind of indescribable just how much he's helped me grow into myself,
and I'm still developing in so many ways on and off the ice,
but having someone like him who is just really a consummate pro,
off the ice but having someone like him who is just really a consummate pro like everything he does is just the perfect example for how uh you know how everyone on our team should act and how
a lot of guys uh you know who strive to have the career he's had should behave and uh i'm just very
lucky um you know i don't take it for granted to be able to play with a guy like that and there
and there you have it i mean he's just setting the example for the next wave of players.
And I know we're very complimentary towards Boston.
I have no ties to Boston.
I don't care about the Bruins.
What I do care about and respect is the way they conduct themselves and the way they run their organization.
And that's why I praise them so much on this podcast.
And I know a lot of you think it's because I have the Barstool affiliation
and there's a lot of guys from Boston on this podcast.
That ain't the case.
If they start struggling and making bad moves, then I'll give it to them.
But another great signing, and congratulations to Z on a historic career.
Also, Biz, I think any time that a player ethers a reporter,
regardless of who they play for, we have to bring attention to that.
And after Bruins beat reporter Joe Hagedy raised the question in a column whether the Bruins were better off
not having Torrey Krug in the lineup.
Marshawn did absolutely ether him.
He said, what kind of garbage is this, Hags?
You don't even watch the games.
You just stand at the snack bar the whole time.
Now, they do have a good rapport.
They bust each other's balls a lot in the locker room.
But Marshawn taking it to Twitter in front of, like, the whole world,
it was just a fucking absolutely savage move.
And then Grinelli, you added your two cents in a blog as well, right?
Yeah, I mean, this is a guy that also said Patrice Bergeron was in decline
in 2017, so credibility I wouldn't really say is Joe Haggerty's strong suit.
Boom!
Come on, actually.
I'm going to stay out of this one.
Yeah, I mean, I don't, whatever.
I thought it was pretty funny to think that in the future you could have guys just going at reporters
on Twitter, like who knows in 10 years where it will be at.
But it's certainly entertaining.
But I think that those two guys probably laughed when they saw each other.
I remember in the lockout, Haggerty was always in our locker room.
It was Yandel and I skating with a lot of the Bruins guys.
So they always kind of busted balls.
So I think just being public, people don't really necessarily think
or want to think that it's somewhat friendly fire.
Yeah, it's definitely friendly fire.
And, you know, people like to gang up on reporters more so than they used to before.
It's just fun, entertaining.
Also, too, was it Bardown tweeted out,
Garrett Sparks made an incredible must-see stick save at Leafs practice.
And David Pasternak retweeted it and said,
Tuka Rask makes those saves every day, which is kind of funny.
I don't know, maybe a little cocky,
but it did prompt one listen that's asked me the question,
if it was possible the social media friendly bees lose to the Leafs in the
first round because, quote, hockey karma doesn't like this stuff, end quote.
And on the follow-up tweet, he said for me to chime in,
because you went back at him, you're like, not a chance.
And listen, I'm big on the karma side of things.
Things have been going really good for the Bees and not so good for the Leafs.
And if anything, you know, Boston players have been trolling the Leafs organization.
That's happening.
And it's funny and it's comical.
I have no skin in the game and it's fun to watch
because it's stuff for me to talk about on the podcast.
Now, things can change very, very quickly.
And Toronto has guns.
They have players that are  and they got Freddie Anderson in net
and he can get hot too.
So, I don't know.
I'd be weary of this first-round matchup.
I'm kind of getting that sense of like, whoa,
I think it might be Washington's year to beat Pittsburgh.
I'm getting that feeling again, boys.
I'm getting that feeling.
Uh-oh.
A little tingle in the nuggets for you, Biz.
A couple of actually somewhat significant injuries that happened
since the last show.
Washington defenseman Michael Kempney,
he's going to be out indefinitely with a lower body injury after he got tangled up with Tampa's Cedric Paquette. He'd been John Carlson's partner pretty
much most of the year on the top pair. Pretty solid and contributed to the cup win last year.
Six goals, 19 assists in 71 games played. Christian DeJuice will slide into a spot.
Another injury, the Bruins lost fourth line center Sean Correlli. He's going to be out a month with
a broken hand. He suffered in the win over Jersey the other night tough break for him he'd been having a
great year like that whole fourth line as uh sounds like he'll probably miss the first round should be
back for the second should the Bruins move on um what's your take biz on Kempe you think is that a
huge hole or is that something that they shouldn't have a problem overcoming um I'm having a up I
don't know who that is you're talking about the guy from Boston?
No, Michael Kempney, the defenseman from Washington.
I have no idea who that is.
It just sucks that you threw it over to me because I don't know anything about it.
I respect you.
Oh, do you want
Are we keeping this in the fucking podcast?
I mean, I think that's fucking hilarious.
You know how many guys  I don't know who they are.
Jesus Christ.
People think I know everyone.
I'm trying to
I never heard of that.
You get killed in YC and you're fucking asking me about hockey players? Michael Kempney was  well, I don't know who they are. Jesus Christ. People think I know everyone. I'm trying to get killed in NYC, and you're fucking asking me about hockey players?
Michael Kempney was, I don't want to say trash, but in the Blackhawks organization, right,
he wasn't doing much.
He wasn't playing much.
And all of a sudden, he went over to Washington and played a ton and played great.
So that's a big loss.
I don't care if he's not your number one guy.
That guy played huge minutes.
All of a sudden, you don't have him for the playoffs the tough tough loss juice is a hell of a player they're
very skilled and then on the corrali one i think that actually hurts the bruins a lot more than
people think that fourth line when it was you know him wagner and achari like they would they were
they were dominant at times and wags has had a great year i know i keep bringing him up peasant
can't hit a drive straight to save his life but But at the same time, Corrales really matters,
and I think losing him will hurt.
They have some guys you can step in, but still, when you're that fast,
I know he doesn't have the most skill in the world,
but he's one of the fastest players I've seen in the league.
That guy flies around, and kind of just from his size
and how fast he skates, he creates opportunities.
So that's a tough loss for them.
Yeah, and don't take offense to the fact, if you're that guy and you listen to the
pod, if I didn't know who you were. He probably doesn't even
know who you are. Well, there you go.
And nobody knew who the fuck I was as a player.
The only time they figured out when I was tweeting out dumb
shit. I'd like to mention
congratulations to Marc-Andre Fleury
and his beautiful wife,
Veronique. They welcomed
a beautiful, healthy boy
to the world on March 27th.
Oh, he got a boy.
He had girls before, right?
Yeah.
James Fleury was born at 39 weeks.
He weighed 9.3 pounds and was 22 inches in length.
So congratulations to the Fleuries.
I mean, fuck, man.
This guy just doesn't miss.
No, he doesn't.
His wife's a missile.
He's got a beautiful family.
He's got a beautiful smile.
He's got zillions in the bank.
He lives in Vegas.
Hey, hey, hey, boys, real quick.
I want to talk to you about SeatGeek once again.
Everybody knows buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there's a simple way to do it with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event,
whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour like the Stones this summer,
shopping for the perfect gift for an upcoming anniversary, or looking for a last
minute deal to see your favorite NHL team now that the playoffs are coming. SeatGeek helps you find
the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed. Nothing beats being there in person for the
biggest plays of the year, and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
Like I say every week, I've had the app on my phone for ages. It works fantastic. I'm going to be firing up for the playoffs, hopefully do a couple road trips. It's so easy
to use. I can be anywhere. Boom, a couple taps. I find seats. I buy them. I use it all the time.
SeatGeek saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices and find deals.
And if you're feeling cheap, man, SeatGeek will take care of you. Want to spend on the low end?
Or if you're trying to impress a new dame or a new hugger, boom, dough you tell me you want to you want to spend as much as you can they'll take
care of that way because every purchase is fully guaranteed you could shop with confidence make
seat geek your go-to app to find the best deals on every type of ticket from sports and concerts
to comedy and theater best of all our listeners get ten dollars off their first seat geek purchase
just download the seat geek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
I also got to shout out to Officer Antonik from the NYPD that yelled out
Biz Nasty on the, oh, the megaphone.
I actually wrote it down.
He shouted out Biz Nasty on the megaphone outside of this bar
so i went over started talking to him a great guy they he plays for the hockey team and they got a
big game coming up so i gotta wish him luck for that uh his teeth were terrible he had a huge
grab a gap in his teeth like michael strahan but he was chirping himself he's like look at my jibs
and you know kind of self-deprecating kind of how we are on the podcast, which actually reminded me of this girl
when I was in high school, when I played
North Bay, and she had the biggest
tits in the world for high school.
Like, none bigger. I think one of the boys,
I don't know, taken her down. And she had this huge
Michael Strahan gap in her teeth, too.
We used to call her Gappy Guns.
So, shout out to Gappy Guns
from North Bay Central.
I don't even know what high school I went to.
I didn't even show up.
She's like, I got Invisalign, Paul.
Well, maybe now.
And she was pretty.
She just had the straight-hand gap.
What can you do?
I used to have a gap in my teeth until I got them knocked out
and then got a nice fake one.
So shout out to Officer Antonick,
and good luck in your game against the fire crew.
I have a Mia Kel culpa as well, too.
I fucked up last podcast.
I have that, what do you call it, numerical dyslexia.
Like I see numbers, and then when I say them, they come out opposite.
Oh, that's what it's called you have?
Yeah, I had it written down.
I actually had it written down.
Which is funny because you said that, Charlie, R.A.,
which is funny because you messed up a few numbers.
I believe Giordano was the fourth oldest player to ever get,
and you said third, to ever get 70-plus points.
Well, it's funny because one of the notes you sent over,
I included that, and then I included a note that I got from the story too.
So there was  because he was third in one thing and fourth in another.
Maybe somebody got it wrong then.
Someone that I got it from got it wrong.
And the other thing was the amount of games that Charlie Coyle had played.
He's played 14, not 13.
So whatever. It's all right
though. Hey, we all have our mistakes. No, I corrected
it. Soya sauce. I corrected
it, brother. I added
it up to the minute. Anyways, I said fucking
I was correcting Frankie Borelli and I
said the wrong date,
the wrong year, the first time. I know the
Islanders won the Cups from 80, 81, 82,
83. I got dyslexia and I
said they've won it in 84, not 83.
I'm pretty clear on that stuff.
So, you know, I know who won the Cups.
There were a couple suspensions too, guys.
I don't know if you caught those while we were gone.
Ottawa's J.G. Peugeot got a game for boarding Vancouver's Ashton Sautner
Wednesday night.
He already served the suspension in.
Tampa's Yanni Gord got two games for an illegal check to Jordan Stahl's head
Thursday night. Very similar to the Eichel hit on Soderbergh. He's got one more game left
to serve. And also elite prospects. They tweeted this out. They said that a hockey dad made a fake
website to enhance his son's profile. They said, so another father just tried to get us to manipulate
his son's stats. One, he bought a domain. Two, created a fake website
trying to make it look official. Three, entered his son's fake stats under the stats menu option.
Four, contacted us claiming our official stats were off. Then Elite Prospect said he might have
a hard time explaining the fact that his son is the only player listed in the stats section
or that the domain was registered just hours before he submitted the update request.
I mean, these snake-and-tay-you-make you make it parents are hysterical but they gotta clean it up a little bit huh that's a tough look that's a very tough look i mean i'm surprised it's like cyber subterfuge
i'm honestly there's probably a chance the kid doesn't even really know either which is the
saddest part like but yeah that's just a tough imagine if it came out if it was just like
barnaby after just doing the interview
for his kid. He's like, trying to get
some stats from him. It came out
if it was a father that actually played in the NHL.
I mean,
slimy move, but if it means getting your kid
a free scally, I mean, come on here.
Save a couple bucks. I might be that
dad. Get his 20
fucking promo code on there too.
Yeah, I think the father needs a little something
more elaborate than what he come up with uh also vsin it's uh brent musburger's gambling outfit
there uh they sent out a tweet the other day they said that a visiting team in vegas was too drunk
to be served at dinner at 7 p.m on a friday night uh they were playing saturday in vegas they went
out to dinner seven o'clock they were too buckled uh The restaurant had to say, no, we can't serve you.
They come out and beat Vegas the next day.
I'm not going to name any teams here.
If you want to go do the math and look at the schedule,
you might be able to figure out who it was.
But they said basically the team pulled a Mickey Mantle,
went out and got bombed all day and played again the next day.
I find it hard to believe that.
I'm sure the restaurant's opinion of of too drunk to be served like the guys
are probably like uh we've just had a fun afternoon everyone's had like four beers and we're just a
loud group to begin with because i mean to be too drunk to be served you have to have guys like
throwing up at the table if i own the restaurant i think if it's a bunch of loud guys in vegas i
mean you're not going to serve them dinner they They're spiking rolls off each other's heads.
Shoot checking each other every few minutes.
Where do you draw the line?
Throwing food?
Yeah, that's where you got to get a private room.
Yeah, true.
Check food at each other.
Biz, were you crying on the plane ride to New York or something? Were you a little emotional?
I get really emotional on planes, and especially when I watch movies.
I actually was going to Jared Stoll's golf tournament one year in Saskatchewan.
Saskatchewan, did I say that right?
Gordo always corrects me.
Boyd Gordon, he's always, you're not saying it right.
Shut the fuck up, Gordo.
Come on the podcast and chirp me, you fucking pussy.
Anyway, so I was going to Jared Stoll's golf tournament,
and I watched that Justin Bieber one.
This is years back, his documentary.
I was fucking crying, and I watched that Justin Bieber one. This is years back, his documentary. And I was fucking crying and I was kind of like, I was turning around
and make sure the boys weren't seeing me crying at the Justin Bieber documentary.
But I noticed every time I watch like a somewhat of an emotional movie
on the airplane, I'm fucking bawling.
I watched that A Star is Born.
I cried like four times during it.
And then even Bohemian Rhapsody, I cried a little bit.
Like, come on.
These are all on planes?
I actually had a nice pod on the way over
from Vancouver to NYC, boys.
Are those nice?
I had to have a pod yesterday.
I was 25th row on a jet blue flight
with my son in between me.
Up and down, up and down,
up and down. Kid falls asleep five
minutes before we're landing.
Worst flight home, complete gong show trying to fly with kids.
But I'll ask you.
I wasn't in a pod.
Well, I mean, I don't know.
Your kid must have been getting emotional because he's flying like I do.
Gee, is that a fact that people get more emotional on flights?
It seems to be a recent topic of conversation between a lot of people.
I mean, I do as well.
I watched A Star is Born on the flight as well, and I was crying.
Well, people are crying now on a plane watching it.
I mean, that's not exactly like a tear-free film when people are watching it on the ground.
I don't know if I would have cried if I was on the ground.
Interesting, Biz, because I remember Riggs was on,
it might have been Bastu Radio a couple weeks ago,
and he said he was flying, and he was watching Crazy Rich
Asians, which is not a sad movie by any
stretch, and he said he cried, he teared up
a few times watching that movie on a plane.
So there could be, I don't know,
some validity to it. A weakened emotional state
when flying. Something about the pressure, cabin
pressure being 35,000 feet up makes
you a pussy, I guess.
I'm a softie, too. No, no, I'm a softie.
I know I'm a softie. You guys, I, I cried the other day or started to,
when he was talking about,
uh,
uh,
is it Brady keeper?
Yeah.
Yes.
Great story.
Great.
Yeah.
It's a great story.
I was getting teared up,
man.
I I'm an emotional mess.
I have one more note.
I wanted to share with you guys.
I thought this was pretty cool.
Uh,
with an assist on Thursday night,
Alex Steen and his father,
Thomas joined a very exclusive father,
son,
600 point club on just the fourth duo to accomplish that feat. Uh, Just on Thursday night, Alex Steen and his father, Thomas, joined a very exclusive father-son 600-point club,
just the fourth duo to accomplish that feat.
The other ones, Peter and Paul Stastny, Bobby and Brett Hull,
Gordy and Mark Howe, and both Thomas and Alex are the fourth one.
So that's quite an accomplishment.
And in the same vein, I thought it was pretty funny, Max Domi reached 200 career points in his 297th game played,
doing it in 539 fewer games than his dad, Ty,
who recorded his 200th point in his 836th game.
I thought those are some pretty interesting father-son notes.
Yep, and that is.
And last thing, Don Cherry was going off on Kuznetsov on Hockey Night in Canada.
Not happy about his bird.
The bird, the bird, the bird, the bird, the bird, the bird, the bird.
So Don Sherry getting just torched online about his old man yelling at
clouds takes lately.
So that'll wrap things up though, boys.
That was a good pod.
Barnaby was incredible.
Whit, glad you had a great vacation.
I'm sorry that you're back to reality and congratulations to Grinnell for
finally getting that pee pee wet this week.
All it took was,
uh,
was my butthole.
Power bottom.
Hey,
this.
Have a great week,
everybody.
Celebrate. Good times. Come on. Let's celebrate. Celebrate good times.
Come on.
Let's celebrate.
There's a party going on right here.
A celebration to last throughout the years.
So bring your good times and your laughter too.
We're going to celebrate your party with you
Come on now
Celebration
Let's all celebrate and have a good time
Celebration
