Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 169 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
In the thick of the playoffs, still here, lovin' every night, let's go to the boys, say hello, it's another thriller this evening, we just had a double overtime, man, let's go to Whitney first.
I'm sure you're not happy with the result, Vegas just lost in game six and double overtime to San Jose not good for the fucking the wallet no not good for the wallet at all but because I'm such a loser I had him puck line so I was fucked right when I
went to overtime so I don't even really care besides the fact that Vegas was my pick but wow
I mean we're not going to get into that game we're going to get into another series first
right but either way when we talk about that that was some ugly double overtime yeah shit by the
vegas golden knights tough way to get tough way to get to a loss we'll get to that a little later
next up uh boy biz nasty paul bissonette are you home yeah you're always on the fucking go you're
back home now right boys yeah i was away for two weeks, finally back in Arizona, excited to rest up for a little bit here.
But happy Easter to everyone.
Had a great trip to Canada, closed on that property up in Victoria, B.C.
Got to see my friends.
And I tell you what, boys, I can't remember the last time I was as hungover
as I was waking up this morning.
I went on an absolute heater the last few days,
and then last night got out of control.
Went up going to this country bar called Duke's in Victoria,
and a little bit of a Cocktoberfest, but nonetheless,
a lot of great dudes there, good conversation,
and ran into one of my old rugby buddies.
I didn't play, but he used to play, Sean White.
He actually played for Team Canada, a great guy,
a bit of a honey badger,. Good times. Excited to talk
about hockey.
Yes, we are. But last but not least, our
producer, Mikey Grinelli down in New York City.
What's up there, brother? What's up,
guys? I'm broke and I am in New York City.
Didn't get to spend Easter with my family today,
but at least I get to spend it with the
Chicklets fam. Yeah, exactly.
We missed you at Game 5 the other night. I was hoping
you made it up, but unfortunately your flight got canceled, right?
Yeah, that's a joke.
I Ubered all the way to JFK.
As I'm getting off in the terminal, I get the notification on my phone.
My flight's been canceled, and all the flights that night have been canceled.
So they don't have to pay for your Uber?
No, my mom said that too, though.
My mom was like, they should have to pay for your Uber.
That's bullshit because they didn't give you enough notice of time.
But that's JetBlue for you. Well well okay so what would happen for instance if like
you needed to stay in a hotel because it was canceled so do they have to pay for your hotel
they don't have to do anything really i thought if a flight was canceled and it was because of
the airline that they would have to compensate your your hotel hey you know those like planes
they had to shut down because a couple of them were going down?
Yeah.
So apparently one of the airlines that flies to Ireland from Boston was using those planes,
so now they can't use them, right?
So the airline is forcing everyone on a bus.
They bus you like six hours to upstate New York, and you take off from there on a different
plane, but you can't cancel your ticket, so people are just losing their shit.
Oh, my God.
Are you for real?
They're losing their mind.
Imagine if we're on a bus six hours for then a seven-hour flight.
Fuck that.
So the back story for people who don't know is there was a certain type of plane
that it's not very old.
It was just built, correct?
Yeah.
It was a new Boeing plane.
And two of them have gone down over the last, I'd say, a year's time, that it's it's not very old it was just built correct yeah it was a new boeing plane and and
and two of them have gone down over the last i'd say a year's time maybe even less so obviously
they had to do a recall on these and some uh airlines will not fly them and uh and then now
obviously that's led to a few problems including that one a six hour bus it's like you're back in
the echl at the booster bus. For a seven hour
flight to Ireland to go get buckled for two
weeks because that's pretty much all you do when you go to Ireland.
But boys,
for the first time ever, both number
one seeds lost in round one of the
NHL playoffs because
Friday night the Colorado Avalanche
smoked the Calgary Flames 5-1
to finish the Flames off in just five
games to win the open-round series.
They'll face the winner of San Jose-Vegas,
which is going to a Game 7 later this week.
The first time since 08 that Colorado has gotten out of the first round.
Quite simply, boys, Colorado was better in all areas of the game.
They outplayed the Flames, and they deserve to move on.
Mike Smith really didn't come to be a problem like we thought he might be.
He saw a shitload of rubber, 205 shots in five games games it was 21 more shots than the number two goalie who played one
more game than he did but he played fine it was just Calgary Calgary's big guns didn't show up
Colorado's did and that was the difference Whit how did you see this one come out I was I was
surprised I really was I thought Calgary was going to win this series. I thought Calgary, like we said, we questioned the goaltending,
but I thought they were built to possibly go on a run if they got some goaltending.
Turns out they did, and they just couldn't score.
They couldn't score.
When you look back on a series and a first-round exit,
when you're the number one seed, immediately you look to the stars, right?
That's just how it goes.
When you're the high-paid guys, you're the ones that will always take the heat.
You're the ones that are probably going to get the credit when you win.
But, you know, Johnny Goudreau and Sean Monaghan, it was just
it was tough sledding for them.
And the deciding game in Calgary, Johnny Goudreau,
I think he had three breakaways, a penalty shot.
He just couldn't buy a goal.
And sometimes, you know, that just happens.
There's been a lot of great players in this league that have had first-round,
you know, burnouts where they didn't produce and they were expected to.
And I don't think that this really defines Johnny Goudreau as a player
because he's so good and he had such an incredible regular season.
But what happens is, you know, people bring it up.
And next year in the playoffs, then all of a sudden the questions arise.
And whether it's fair or not, that's kind of the case in Calgary this year,
I thought.
And then when you look at Colorado, their stars were just incredible.
I mean, Rontanen and McKinnon, it's like that's what you look at
in this series because along with Grubauer, too, who was fantastic,
it was domination already.
You said it best.
Yeah.
I wouldn't say they laid an egg, the big boys, for Calgary
because, as you mentioned, they were getting opportunities.
It just seemed nothing was going right for Johnny,
and you could just tell by his body language and facial reactions in Game 5.
I know.
He was so dynamic to get these chances.
Right.
And then when they're not going in and you're used to them going in,
it's just like, what am I going to do right now?
Yeah.
And unfortunately for guys like that is you're simply based off production.
Like they don't  like nobody wants to hear,
did you get it done or didn't you?
So I would expect them to, you know, have an off season
where they do some self-reflection and have to come back next year because all of a sudden
you can't not have productive offseasons in continuing years
because then all of a sudden you're just going to get that label.
I want to go back to Game 4, and I would just say overall
things were just not going Calgary's way, and of course,
credit to how well Colorado did play.
Calgary was up 2-1 late in the third and uh backland it was a really tough call on him i thought it was a soft call he literally had his
stick very in tight to him and just the way i believe it was landis cock we ended up getting
the trip and call against he like landgaard opened up a certain way,
and the top of Backlund's blade just got caught in the top of the foot
of Lannisgaard, and it kind of swung him around.
It just looked bad, where I thought it was a soft call.
And then, of course, special teams was a big issue for Calgary,
especially late in this series.
Of course, giving up a couple power play goals in the last game there.
And then, of course, giving up that late goal in game four,
which to me, when they lost that one in OT, that series was pretty much over.
And I said McKinnon before, but Mark Giordano,
who today was actually named a finalist with the Norris Trophy
along with Victor Hedman and Brent Burns,
he came out and said after,
for anyone who doesn't think that McKinnon is one of the best,
if not the best, they might want to look at this series.
He can really turn it up to another level.
He's a tough player to play against.
I thought he really took control and led their team.
I mean, that's one of the best defensemen in the world saying that,
and it just shows this guy has reached, reached another level. I mean,
I couldn't believe the, the, the, the,
the dynamic skating while stick handling is so crazy because he's buzzing by
people. It doesn't even, it looks like guys are standing still.
And some of these passes to Rontan and who also had a six series,
some incredible one-timer goals. He had that one,
the tying goal and then the winning goal in OT.
Those guys took over.
Is it Makar or Maker, Grinelli?
It's Makar.
Makar, Cal Makar.
I'll still mess that up.
I'm so bad with names.
He is nasty.
I mean, he's an unreal puck-moving defenseman right now,
hopping out of college.
I think people weren't expecting that much.
Even the coaches had said, I said before, I don't know, we'll see.
Well, now you can play him 20 minutes a game.
He looks great.
So Colorado going forward, Ari, I know you have a huge futures bet on him.
Jesus.
I remember saying they weren't going to make the playoffs,
and now it's like they are going to give any team they play a test. Yeah, it was one of those ones I put in
back in like February or March, 80 to one, throw a couple of hundred on them and kind of forgot
about it. And then, you know, I know I picked Calgary in the series, but when I called my
bookie for the odds when the series opened, it was, you know, Calgary was 10, 12. And I was like,
man, Colorado shouldn't be this big of a dog. So I actually ended up betting them in the series,
and I bet them to win in five games at 9-1,
which was the only type of that bet I made all first round, and I hit that.
So, yeah, go Colorado.
That's my second team.
And you know they're for real when in that game, game four,
that Calgary desperately needed to win because that ended up being the series.
Colorado had 52 shots.
Yeah, they were dominating.
Like, that's domination.
And we talked about the fact that Calgary had the more balanced lineup.
And, I mean, Colorado is very top-heavy,
but, you know, we kind of underestimated their depth,
and their depth is hitting their stride right now
and really becoming a factor for
that hockey team yeah calgary only had one forward with more than one goal matthew kachuk and they
were both in game one uh was it calgary they got uh four goals in game one but then they only got
seven over the course of the next four games they you know like i said their big guns didn't get it
done yeah i think also one of the biggest deals of last summer ended up being at a huge pickup
colorado they got philip grubauer in the Brooks Olympic deal.
They immediately signed him to a three-year, 10 million deal.
He ends up taking over the number one role, and he was huge in round one,
4-1 with a 1-9-0 and a 9-3-9.
He wants the pickup.
I mean, that's a guy who started the first two games for Washington last year.
Granted, they lost to Columbus, but him going over there wasn't mentioned,
and he really did make a difference.
The one save was just so unreal.
But, yeah, I mean, I more than anything, I'm shocked that we got the two number one seeds out for the first time ever or whatever.
When did that start?
The 70s or the 60s, all right, when they started doing one through eight?
Because before then, it wasn't like number one.
Yeah, well, they expanded six teams to 12 in 67-68.
But actually, there were two years.
I actually found it reading up.
It was 80 and 81 where they actually seeded one through 16.
There was actually two seasons they did that.
Yeah.
That's my move.
Well, either way, I mean, how wide open is the Cup right now?
I mean, boom, number one seed.
It's both gone.
And I think people look to Tampa to go on a longer run than Calgary might.
But, Jesus, I mean, right now it's both gone and I think people look to Tampa to go on a longer run than Calgary might but Jesus I mean right now it's just it's wide open and uh one last thing we we have to mention
uh James Neal healthy scratch in that final game of that series uh took some heat for the the the
maybe the lazy back check on uh ended up being the OT winner uh. And I think that that was kind of the nail in the coffin
as far as putting him in the press box.
But just talk about a guy who went to a new team,
got the big ticket,
and just never, just couldn't catch a stride this year.
No confidence, and it just snowballed
and got worse and worse.
So, you know, he's a guy who from time to time
listens to the show, and he's a great guy. And I can he can have a big off season to come back and turn around because
playing in canada and making that type of money and struggling and especially if you're doing it
for for a long period of time it's it's got to be deaf difficult on the mental health like you got
you got to know he's getting ripped probably when when he goes in public, people asking him, like, hey, what are you doing? When are you going to turn things around?
We're going to have power play.
He went to the cup finals two years in a row.
He comes in, new team.
Immediately wasn't put on that line with Gaudreau-Monahan
because Lindholm kind of got that spot.
Whatever.
That's not an excuse.
But then he got  dude, he got all the teeth knocked out.
He had a bunch of other injuries.
It's sometimes you just  there's years when things don't go right and that's when you're like all right man i need this summer to just kind of read to get things going again and i think he will uh i
mean calgary as disappointing as this is they're i mean they they look like they could be really
good again next year too so they just got to learn from this year but definitely a quick exit and
then unfortunately uh the longer the run the more rat king shirts we would have sold so that sucks
yeah that was a bummer too and one more note on neil this was his first season not scoring 20
goals which i i thought i actually double checked it when i read it i couldn't believe he had scored
at least 20 in every single season until this one so and uh whitney keeping with your wide open
theme i don't know if you saw nikita zdorov's tweet after Colorado beat Calgary.
How was your bracket he tweeted out?
Keep it in that vein, basically.
It's not great, Nikita.
Yeah, a lot of shitty brackets.
We had another series.
He's like, oh, really?
Me neither.
He's like, I had Calgary winning.
He's like, mine's terrible, too.
I had Calgary winning.
Hey, he's got a little cocky.
That's Adoro's got a little bit of cockiness to him.
He murders people too.
He murders a mutant.
He struts around out there and he pokes his chest out.
Yeah, big bear.
Yeah, I love to mix it up on Twitter.
Well, Colorado-Calgary wasn't the only handshake line since our last episode.
The Blues and Jets also took part in the tradition after St. Louis finished off Winnipeg 3-2 in Game 6.
It was the only game of the series won by the home team.
I guess it can be summed up with a Spaceballs quote.
May the Schwartz be with you.
Because Jaden Schwartz lit the fucking Jets up the last two games.
Natural hat trick in the clincher.
He had the overtime winner as well.
This series was as even as I thought, boys. The last two games, natural hat trick in the clincher. He had the overtime winner as well.
This series was as even as I thought, boys.
Each team scored 16 goals, but the Blues just got better time goals.
They just scored the more opportune time.
They outscored them, what, 10-6 in the third period over the course of the series.
They got 10 of their 16 goals in the third period as well.
So, again, very evenly matched, but St. Louis scored more
when it counted more.
Fizz, what's your take, brother?
What a weird series, and how about the momentum shifts?
I mean, fuck, everything I've picked so far has gone to shit.
And I mentioned that I didn't like St. Louis moving forward
after they dropped the two games at home, and they were going back to Winnipeg
where I was assuming that Winnipeg were going to figure out a way to win a game at home. I mean, they have the craziest
rink in the NHL as far as how loud it is in there. And sure as shit, I said I would have switched my
pick if I was able to, but I did stick with St. Louis. Let's not forget that. They open up that
game. Winnipeg ends up scoring 12 seconds
in. Lowry got one right away. So now the fans are into it. And now all of a sudden, Winnipeg's going
home. And then the hazy ends up getting a beautiful goal. He actually had a very similar goal to win
it in overtime against the Blackhawks earlier in the season. Do you remember that power move when
he cuts from the right side of the ice towards the net and uses his left leg as protection oh do i remember that power move that power move is going to put about 40 million
dollars in his bank account this summer so i love a power move so all signs are saying hey
this was a fragile team uh in in the past and they have had uh not so great luck in playoffs
and in through adversity have not been
able to get past it uh binnington going back to back losses for the first time in his in his pro
career in the nhl so i'm like hey what do we got here you know is that going to get to him and then
all of a sudden the winnipeg fans get a little bit cocky you look nervous you look and guess what the fucking tide changes back the other way three
unanswered in the third period including that one that truba you can't rag on the guy because
you're taught late in games if if it's along the wall, instead of throwing that puck away, you never know.
You just go to the wall and eat it.
But guess what?
You do that when there's about five seconds left.
Or in the corner, not necessarily right behind the net.
Sure, but even anywhere against the wall, if it's three, four, five seconds,
because no matter what, you're just going to put your body weight on it and it's going to be tough for a team to set up a play,
even if they were able to muster that puck out but fuck i think he did it
with what like 20 to me is that a panic situation is that when you're like oh oh shit like and then
all of a sudden he made up his mind he just went to the wall and at that point it's like oh no now
i've lost my ability to actually get rid of this thing. And they've created a battle with about 20 to 25 seconds left.
I think it was.
I mean, you try to think you're going to make a play,
but if you don't want to rim it around the wall and all of a sudden you're like,
I'm going to eat it.
Yeah.
I mean, once you make that decision up, you're in one.
You're trying to eat that thing.
And with good players that are trying to get a loose puck to tie a game up,
they are going to get the  I mean, like you can only do that for
You can only do that, what, for two, three seconds is great
if you actually hold it against the wall for two, three.
Usually, like, guys can't even hold it at all.
So either way, it goes around the wall quick.
And Jaden Schwartz, I mean, that's out of midair.
That's so sick.
That puck, it wasn't slow either.
It was like a little rocket.
Bing, bang.
Bing, bang. And all of a sudden, it's behind
the net. You're like, oh my god.
Shout out to YP.
Bananas. I think his celebration ended up
on the Jumbotron for game
six. Literally just type that out. That's
hilarious. He's dancing with his
pet rat or whatever that ferret
is. I think it's a ferret.
I was
just amazed because man, two nothing. That goes in to a ferret. But I was just amazed because, man, 2-0.
So that goes in to a couple stats I have about Winnipeg season in general.
And it was like from the All-Star game on, man, they just didn't have it.
They did not have it.
And if you look at last year when they went to the conference finals
and they had a nice little run in the playoffs,
they finished the regular season winning 11 out of 12.
And this year, after the All-Star break, they were 16, 15, and 3.
And they finished their last seven games 2-4-1.
And going into the playoffs like that, they just never had anything going.
They never had their mojo.
And, Biz, I remember I think I shit on you when you said Tampa had peaked too soon.
I'm now on the board that you can peak too soon.
You have to play good going into the playoffs.
This is, like, total evidence this year.
I mean, if you're struggling last 10 games or, you know, 20 games,
it's like you're not in the thick of things.
Like, these teams battling.
And the last thing I'll say about Winnipeg, because you just brought up or one of you guys did,
the nine losses this year in the regular season
when leading after two periods.
Nine.
It led the league.
Good teams are up after the second, dude.
They closed the door.
And they weren't able to do that.
And in game one, they led going into the third, they lost.
And in game five, they led going into the third, and they. And in game five, they led going into the third, and they lost.
And the regular season was a sign of things to come.
And Winnipeg didn't have it this year, and St. Louis is deservingly moving on.
And, fuck, we got to talk about our boy Hazy.
When it was 2-0, that Perot made a nice little play just inside the blue line.
And Hazy's a smart player.
He kind of hangs in behind the defenseman,
assuming there might be a turnover.
So he ends up getting a short little breakaway in tight,
and that puck was going in.
And he kind of  it was going so slow, he reached around Bennington,
and when he tried to poke in, he actually knocked it out of harm's way.
And then that was  I mean, I can't say TSN turning point
because they might send the cease and desist over.
And I think James Duffy jabbed me on national TV about it.
What did he say?
Because he said TSN turning point.
By the way, that's TSN-owned property.
We'll have to send the cease and desist.
I said it last episode, so maybe he was jabbing at me,
but that was
a huge pivotal moment, and that was the
other momentum shift where, I mean, do you
remember that, R.A.? Yeah, 3-0.
I tweeted it. It said that series
was indicative of just how crazy a series
can turn on a dime. I mean, if
Kevin scores that, and he did nothing
wrong. I mean, you're trained to make sure the puck gets into the
net. That's what he was trying to do.
And it was actually Colton Pareko made a nice play.
He wrapped him up enough so that it was Kevin's own stick
who knocked the puck out of the crease because of the defensive play.
Otherwise, they go up 3-0.
They probably go on to win the game, and then, you know,
they get a chance to clinch instead.
Pareko makes the play.
The puck doesn't go in the net.
They tie it, come back to win, and it's just insane that,
how it turns on a dime.
One thing that was a little odd was when it seemed like Winnipeg was
complaining about that tying goal when the net was headed off the moorings.
To me, that's a blatant goal.
And obviously he got tripped up by the Winnipeg player.
Sundquist slid in.
And I don't know who put the puck in front of the net.
Who got that one?
I'm not sure off the top of their head, Biz.
But I know what you're talking about because I think what teams do now
is they realize that goaltender interference is such a clusterfuck
that if we complain, hey, the worst, you know,
we might have this goal taken down.
Right, but it's also different when the coach after the game
is still a little pissed off about it being like, you know, I think we need a little bit more consistency here where it's just like man that
was a fucking goal if you would have had that goal disallowed that mts center would have the roof
would have came off no if they if they didn't allow that goal it was going to be such injustice
because if you looked at it maybe there was a rule because the net was like off it could have
got called back but everyone's seeing that replay that has seen a game of hockey in their life was like that's a goal like well
there yeah there is a rule now if it is knocked off by the defending player that if it enters the
net where the net would have been on it does count so that one was was was pretty uh was pretty cut
dry and i mean talk about the guy who got everything going ryan o'reilly
that guy is so cool he didn't he doesn't even celebrate when he scores did you see that he i
mean he's he's what got things going in that third period he's just cool cool as a cucumber that one
he had a hell of a series and i mean st louis st louis is a good team you look at them and
and like petrangelo leads them in scoring in the first round.
You know what I mean?
That's a defenseman who I think is severely underrated.
I mean, he's 25 minutes a game.
He gets six assists.
Doesn't have a goal yet.
He'll definitely score in the second round.
That's a wit guarantee, so book it the other way.
But, you know, you look around, and Ryan O'Reilly is their leader all year.
He's doing the same exact stuff in the playoffs.
I think these guys love playing for Craig Marubi.
I think they love playing for him.
He's got tons of respect.
Kind of got a Rick Talkett vibe a little bit of a guy who fucking did it.
He played like an absolute warrior, and he knows what he's doing coaching now,
and guys love playing for those guys.
And I just think it's a team that you know with
how wide open this league is who would be surprised if St. Louis goes on to win now yeah and I thought
it was interesting when Bennington went right off the ice after game five when they won that one
late and I thought it was a little cheeky but I'm sure he didn't want to be there any longer he
wanted to get right home to try to seal things in game six.
And one last thing.
Now we're going back-to-back weeks here where I'm kind of chirping media members.
This Paul Gackle guy, apparently he's originally from Winnipeg.
Did you see how he wrote,
came across a couple six-year-old tweets from Binnington that seemed culturally insensitive.
I'm surprised I haven't heard anything about it.
He'd get torched for this if he played in the Bay Area
because now he lives in San Jose, this Paul Gacko guy.
Oh, you just stumbled across six-year-old tweets?
Come on, man.
And some of the shit that was said, it wasn't even that bad.
And Bennington just said, listen, I was young,
and I've said stupid things before.
And basically this Gacko guy just tried to create a big shit storm and get this guy off his game.
I thought when people do that, it's a little shitty.
If you went back to like 10 years ago on my like AOL away messages or whatever, I would be busted.
But it wouldn't be for bad and sensitive things.
It would be for like the most pathetic like quotes I used to put up there about being
dedicated. I was a complete
nerd.
AIM profile,
I remember in middle school having
hard work.
I don't even remember the quote.
I think I had one that was
like, game seven.
Just like, game seven. What the fuck
does that mean? Hanging off a branch, saying, hang in there with hockey nerd as my buddy says he's like you'd
still be a virgin if you broke your leg in high school thank god they didn't have the internet
when i was fucking young that's all i'll say biz did you notice um bennington after game four he
stole a page out of pronger's book they lost that game in overtime but he went over and took the
game winning puck that winnipeg school and he took it off the ice for them.
A little page out of Pronger's book.
I don't know if you caught that or not.
Yeah.
Yeah, that was pretty funny.
And, yeah, like last week, last episode, I was singing the praises of Connor,
Shifley, and Wheeler.
They had, at that point, five points through four games.
Well, games five and six, the Blues kept them pointless,
held them to 10 combined shots in a collective minus seven.
So, you know, like you guys were saying, the Blues, their Team D was dedicated.
They got it done, and they're moving on.
Excuse me.
They're going to play the winner of Dallas-Nashville, which we'll get to shortly.
First, though, Boston-Toronto.
This one wasn't without controversy.
Today they played game six.
Boston was on the ropes, but Marshawn Rask led the way.
The Bruins in game six grabbed the 4-2 win, forced yet another game seven between these two.
It's the third time in history that two teams have played three consecutive
game sevens in the series they met each other.
What do you got on this series?
How it's played out so far?
I got a lot.
I got a lot because you know where I live.
So this is, you know, the number one thing I'm watching.
So do I start with game five or, you know, we got to catch up on both games, correct?
Yeah.
So, well, first I'll start with Portnoy.
When you got to give credit, he is unbelievable on Twitter during the Bruins playoffs games.
Every tweet is long, but it's just perfectly said every time.
And he knows the Leafs, they haven't won a series in what seems like decades.
And he's like all over them, but it's all making sense.
So credit to him for being the ultimate troll during the Bruins playoff run.
I'm going to go to game five quick first.
And I know we should mention we're talking to Byron Defoe.
We interviewed Byron Defoe tonight,
so we get in a little bit of the goalie interference call from this game five,
but we can talk about it now.
We'll bring his interview to you a little bit later.
But, man, I don't understand how that goal stood up.
I really don't.
I think that being called a goal on the ice obviously makes it that
if you can't tell 100, it's going to be the original call.
But did anyone else not think that Hyman, on his own,
pushed and bumped into Rask?
And when goalies get touched at all, dude, that's it.
At least that's what I thought.
I thought that means no goal.
I was watching.
I go, that's going to be no goal.
And I was shocked.
I mean, maybe I'm in the minority, but I was shocked when that stood up.
From a non-biased perspective, and actually a guy who's
I'm not biased.
Well, I'm rooting for the Leafs, so obviously I'm going to want them to win,
so I'm right for the first time all playoffs.
But I believe he got cross-checked right before that by Chara.
He gets up and kind of gives him one back.
And as he does that, yes, he forcefully initiates contact on his own
by losing an edge and stepping back.
Now, some people are saying that Rax was halfway out of the crease,
so the contact was initiated outside the crease.
Whatever, that's a bit of a gray area.
I don't really care.
But the fact that it was called a goal and it remained a goal,
I was okay with.
I could have seen it getting overturned.
Now, there has been a lot of bitching about officiating
throughout this whole series.
I think this series should be 3-3.
I think every team who's played better has won that game.
And what's crazy about it is there has been no momentum carried over from game to game
it's just like you don't know what team you're getting and uh i thought boston just dominated
toronto in game six i thought toronto had an unbelievable game plan in game five to end up
taking the series lead um to me to me i i think think Toronto can pull this away.
They just need a little bit more from JT.
I mean,
Matthews right now is kind of carrying the team.
JT was good today.
He was,
but, but X,
right.
But I mean,
like Matthews is far and away out playing him and,
and not only just as far as the playing,
but also point production.
So,
I mean,
if,
if JT could just kind of pull one out of his ass in game seven
and it becomes as advertised, you know, I think I still like my pick,
Leafs in seven.
And for Friday, quickly to game five, because you're dead on busy.
Every game is so different.
Game five, though, I played golf Friday.
It was in a great mood.
I opened up a big bottle of wine.
You know which kind it was.
For a Friday night game five, Bruins-Toronto.
That was the most boring hockey game I've ever watched in my life.
I mean, it's like you can't really rip the Bruins now
because they showed up big time today, Sunday that is, and got a huge win.
But, God, that was like  to get it back to seven,
I guess it doesn't matter now, but, Jesus, was that a bad effort.
The teams couldn't put three passes together.
And that's the other thing.
They're talking about the ice.
Man, I don't know.
Like, bad ice sucks.
I'll be the first to admit it.
You know, if you're a skilled guy, which I was, thank you.
I know bad ice stinks.
You can't snap it tape to tape flat with bad ice.
But both teams are playing on it.
So I've heard so much complaining.
It's kind of like, all right, guys, enough.
I mean, it's a little warm in Boston, I guess.
But let's just kind of grind it out.
Yeah, it does seem like the three games they played there,
it has been a little extra humid on those days.
And as far as the controversial goal Friday, I saw it in real time,
so I kind of had to wait.
And contrary to what people think, I don't get every replay up in the press box.
Sometimes I don't get any.
But I saw it the next day, and yeah, I would have definitely thought
it came back based on what we saw in the series.
But they called it a goal on the ice, so they left it.
But bottom line is the Bruins didn't play well enough to win that game.
I thought there was way too much dipsy-do.
They're looking for this, I think, because the top line had so many
like tic-tac-toe gorgeous plays all year.
They're still in that mentality where they have to do it all the time.
And, you know, I think they just got to get more shots to the net,
which is what they did on Sunday, and they ended up winning the game.
Toronto played well Sunday.
It was a seesaw game, a seesaw battle.
But the Bs just, you know, a little bit better.
And let's not forget to mention too the
the boston bruins goal that ended up getting them on the board was offside so let's just call it a
wash here toronto deserved to win that game they executed perfectly and uh are you guys still
confident in the bruins going back home uh just because of like the history. Yeah. But like you said, I mean, this is a full blown
toss up. I mean, I'm very interested to see the line. My guess is the Bruins will be minus 140,
minus 130, maybe RA because they're at home, maybe a little less Toronto plus 110. But
it's going to be I think it's going to be a hell of a game. I hope it's I hope it's a great game.
And shout out to Krejci who that pass to DeBrusque on the winning goal
today. What a dish. I think that
ended up being the winning goal, right? Yeah.
So what a pass that was.
And I've said before, when they went
to their cups, he was their leading scorer.
So he's looked good. But the Bruins
until game six,
they hadn't played
a solid game.
A Bruins regular season type game.
Cassidy said it, and they did.
They did in game six.
So we got two game sevens coming up Tuesday night.
Should be a blast.
A few players we have to mention.
Morgan Riley's been incredible.
They're chances.
Screwed on the no Norris.
He got screwed.
Screwed.
He should have got a nomination.
I'm not saying anyone didn't deserve it.
If I could have subbed someone out, I would pick Hedman
and know that it's not based on his playoff performance.
I just thought that Giordano deserved it, and I also thought Burns.
Anyway, let's get away from that.
Morgan Rielly, when he's on the ice, their chances for skyrocket.
So he's taking that next step.
He's chipping in offensively in this series.
And this is kind of his playoff, what do you call it, coming out party.
Oh, coming out party.
You got it.
There you go.
And Carlo has been ridiculous.
This kid's only 22 years old.
He's a stud.
Do they have him locked in yet?
No.
Oh, God.
But you know what, dude?
He doesn't really have numbers to get an enormous deal.
He's getting four and a half, five minimum.
He's a hell of a player, dude.
I think today just his skating is so good for a big guy.
I mean, he can pivot with people.
He's big and strong.
He hammered Tavares one time against the wall.
Great player.
And Krug takes a lot of heat.
Krug had nine shots on net today.
So, I mean, you can say what you want, like defensively,
but that guy's moving the puck.
And when he's playing like that active,
the Bruins are just such a tough team to deal with.
But I'm glad you brought up Carlo.
I actually forgot to write his name down during the game today.
But that's another coming out party, right?
You tweeted out after the game, you thought Rask had a good game already.
I wasn't crazy about the two that he let in,
and he didn't face a ton of shots.
You're a Rask lover.
I'm a little bit scared of him going into game seven.
I'm kind of seeing maybe where the Rask haters have somewhat of a point.
He has not been great.
He's been outplayed by Anderson this series.
No doubt.
Freddie's been better than him consistently throughout the series.
But what I think he deserved kudos because it was an elimination game.
I thought he was, you know, he was fucking good in the game.
He needed to be good.
And yeah, the Matthews goal, he probably wanted that one back, probably overplayed it a little too much
to his left. But, you know, I don't know. I think he gets beat up so easy in this town. So I probably
do defend them a little. I don't have a thousand percent confidence in him right now. He doesn't
look a ton of confidence like emanating from him right now. Sometimes he just looks slow in his
net, like he's like not in any hurry or whatever. But fuck, man.
He's got us this far.
I'm as confident, I guess, as I've been
all series. I'm still with them, man.
I don't think they're going to lose. I think they're probably
going to be like 1.40, like Whit said, as far as
odds, because basically it's a series line
because it's game seven. It's
the last game.
Honestly, if they did lose
and it was his fault, I'm going to shut my Twitter off because I don't even want to listen
to people anymore.
A few other notable things.
Leafs fans getting a little crazy online,
really not happy with the amount of ice time that Patrick Marleau
is receiving right now.
They think that there's other guys that are more deserving.
And at the fact that he's playing more now than he was in the regular season,
people are saying, well, why?
I think he's slowing down a little bit.
He should be a fourth-line player.
But Babcock is stubborn.
And if it's his guy and then all of a sudden the media
and other people are saying he shouldn't be doing it,
he almost does it just to spite them.
You think so?
He's just like, ah, fuck this.
Apparently one of  Meg Babcock, and I don't spend a ton of time
following the Leafs or his coaching career,
but one of his issues is he's very stubborn.
Kasperi Kapanen, dude can play.
I mean, I kind of thought of him this year as a guy who plays with Matthews and a player who
Matthews maybe makes great, kind of.
Oh man, he's great in the playoffs too. He
flies and he's got way better hands. He's had a
couple power moves, hazy
styles to the front of the net. So,
another player that's impressive for
Toronto. It should be a great Game 7 and
like I said, I just
think it's a coin flip. To say
you're 100 sure either one of these teams is winning Game 7 is a lie.
And another thing, too, is I know we've been pumping Matthews' tires,
but as a Leafs fan, you have to be excited about the fact
that he's gotten over the playoff hump,
where now he knows how to find his space, where to pick his spots,
and also that execution gene come playoff time is very difficult.
And remember, he didn't have the best playoff last year,
so now he's really stepped up for that Leaf team.
And I know everybody was stroking Marner off in game one,
but I would say overall, Matthews is probably,
other than maybe Anderson, him and Anderson will split it.
They've been the best players for that Leaf team.
So as you guys said, should be an interesting game seven.
Yeah, looking forward to it.
Bees, like I said, they got to stop being finicky.
Just fucking throw shots at the net.
That's what they need to do.
Next series we're going to talk about.
Actually, the game six just concluded a few minutes ago.
San Jose has forced a game seven.
They dropped game one.
Vegas won the next three.
They had a chance to wrap things up.
Thursday's game five, but San Jose won by the same five to two score.
They won in game one.
Thomas Hurdle's been on fire.
He's got his third and fourth.
I think he got the game winner tonight too, right?
Yep.
Shorty.
Double overtime with Shorty as well.
Here's another one, man.
I mean, this is another game seven.
I'm sure San Jose  well, actually, this is a pick-em too.
This is a game seven.
It's probably going to be a pick-em as well.
Biz, any surprise with this
series? How'd you have it?
I'm shocked how quickly
Martin Jones has turned everything around.
What's scary for
Vegas is now he gets to go home
where now he's got confidence.
That's a guy, when he gets confidence and he gets
rolling, he's kicking.
Tonight, he had 59 shots on goal, turned away, what, 57 of them?
Where'd that game go, 2-2 in overtime?
Yes, it was 1-1.
Oh, it was 1-1.
Excuse me.
So he had 58 stops tonight.
And I don't know.
I just think this is a very resilient group.
Things didn't look good for them.
I picked Vegas at six.
I mean, Vegas completely outplayed them tonight,
and they should have closed the series out in six.
But I think if the Sharks can get over this hump,
I only think things get a little bit easier moving forward for them
because they're going to end up playing Colorado if San Jose wins this, correct?
Yes.
Like, I think Vegas is a better team than Colorado.
Oh, gee, and you think San Jose is too?
Yeah, I think San Jose just kind of had the bad luck
of having to play a very good opponent the first round
who wasn't very good early in the season,
who caught stride towards the end.
We talked about teams getting hot in the second half of the year
and coming in with that confidence.
Vegas has done just that.
This is a classic case of
because of the way things are set up now
that two really good teams
have to meet in the first round and one of them is going to be
gone. And we're seeing it with the Boston
Toronto series too. Either team,
like the way Boston played
in today's game,
that's a,
that's a cup contender right there. Oh yeah.
But then you don't know what you're getting.
Right.
So we'll see if they move on.
I think Martin Jones,
that is incredible.
I think he was horrible too.
He,
it looked like he didn't like,
it looked like he almost had like the yips kind of,
he was getting scored on early in games.
And you were like, Oh my God. Like, and actually the numbers came out today that he was actually
pretty good the entire series with the lead but when they were down he was just worse and worse
but to come back and do what he's done that performance tonight was one of the best
goaltending performances of the season the whole league there's 31 teams and the whole
fucking league there weren't many efforts like there was
by him tonight in goal.
And I was actually talking to Jimmy Howard.
We were texting.
He's going to come on the show soon enough, Howie.
Thanks, buddy.
He's having a little wine.
He just got back from Napa.
And I was like, dude, how about Jones?
Like, this is unreal.
He was just terrible.
And look at this game.
This was in the third period.
And he goes, yeah, but, dude, we all know it just takes one game
to sometimes change everything.
And it's so true.
They were counting.
Vegas was moving on.
They were going to finish him off in game five, right?
And Jones played good.
And then he played incredible.
And now, dude, that one thing happened.
Game five, he played good and got a win.
And then he has one of the best games of his life tonight.
And now who knows in seven.
All of a sudden, if you're a fan of Vegas, dude,
you're going against a goalie who looked unbeatable in game seven.
Could be a disaster.
So that should be a great one, and Logan Couture, man,
I don't know if you remember the year they lost to Pittsburgh in the cup final.
He led the playoffs in scoring that year with 30 points.
This guy's a gamer, and he lives for the playoff
moments. He lives for getting teeth knocked
out. He's just one of those guys that's so
good at every aspect of the
game. He scored a goal tonight. I think it
was on Nate Schmidt.
Kind of a one-on-one. Just a great move.
He pulls it in, pushes it out, and just fires
one right above the pad of Fleury.
Beauty goal to make it 1-0
San Jose.
So Thomas Hurdle, too, already mentioned him coming out party this year and to get that winner.
I think that's probably one Fleury wants back.
I would consider Logan Couture underrated.
He doesn't get talked about enough.
But he makes a lot of, like, I mean, he's in the all-star game, I feel like, a lot.
I just know that you don't hear his name that often.
Right, but just as far as maybe in that elite status,
he doesn't get mentioned enough.
But, I mean, he's had a solid career point-wise,
and in playoff, his numbers stay pretty much the same.
I mean, he's played 101 playoff games with 86 points,
37 tucks and 49 assists.
Like you said, the one year he led all of playoffs in points.
And it's weird because he doesn't look like he's a big, strong guy.
He doesn't look like the smoothest skater, but he's just always like
Just a gamer.
Yeah.
Which is funny because they have another guy who's similar to that,
like Pavelski.
Just, you know, like you said, just guys who are probably good
at everything they do.
They got the ping pong table in the locker room.
They're good at that.
You go to the golf course, they're a scratch golfer.
Yep, that's Pavelski.
Fuck him.
Love that guy.
Yeah, both teams' big guns are getting the job done.
And, you know, with Jones, like you were saying,
he's either really good or really bad.
I mean, obviously tonight 58 saves, but before that,
2-2 with an 8-6-6 hate percentage and a 4-3-7 goals against before tonight.
Get yanked twice, and then he comes out and pitches a gem tonight.
So who knows what we're going to get game seven out of him.
That's Tuesday night at 10 o'clock, by the way.
What's up, Ed?
And two more things quickly.
A lot changed also when in game five the Sharks got Mark Edward Vlasic back.
And this guy's an elite defender, man.
He does it very quietly.
He's not very physical.
Great stick, great gap.
You get that guy back, that's a huge relief.
That's breaking the puck out.
That's just 25 minutes of, you know, you're comfortable.
He's out there.
So that was big.
And then not to call out Shea Theodore because he's done some great things.
This was regular season and this playoff series.
But that OT winner, for people who watch that,
he's such a great skater that he caught up easily to Hurdle
and kind of came in on him and was pushing Hurdle off the angle
but didn't go stick on puck.
His stick's kind of just there.
He could have easily thrown his stick out, tried to poke check that puck away,
but I don't know if he figured Fleury was comfortable from that angle,
but to not go stick on puck and give that extra effort when you're there because you're such a
good skater uh really tough play defensively by him on that winner but uh no doubt that that should
be another special game seven Tuesday I'm gonna need a little Adderall or a couple of large coffees
to get going on that one because after the bees we got another one coming up wait I was surprised
that he didn't go stick on puck either.
Hurdle wasn't moving that fast.
I can understand Theodore maybe not wanting to extend himself
where he thought Hurdle would do a little yipsy-daisy,
like a toe drag and bring it away.
A dipsy-doozy.
Yeah, a dipsy-doozy.
But you're on the power play, so you have guys tracking back,
and he wasn't going fast enough as it is,
and there wasn't a guy too far behind them.
So,
you know,
he's a solid player.
Just one of those things where,
where you watch it and you're like,
man,
just go stick on puck.
It's a nothing play there.
And anyway,
that's,
that's pretty much all I got to say about that series so far.
Yeah.
I was more surprised.
Marc-Andre Fleury didn't make the save than the defenseman
kind of gank on that.
But before we go any further,
I want to talk to you for a second about Indochino.
I used them recently.
I had a great experience with Indochino.
If you're not familiar with them,
they're the world's most exciting,
made-to-measure menswear company.
They make suits and shirts to your exact measurements
for an unparalleled fit and comfort.
Looking to get married?
They have tons of options.
Looking to outfit their wedding party? Guys love the wide selection of high-quality fabrics and colors to
choose from, not to mention the option to personalize the details, including your lapel,
lining, pockets, buttons, and writing your own monogram. Here's how it works. I went and visited
a stylist at a showroom. There's over 40 of them in North America. I have them take my measurements
personally. You can also measure at home and send them to Indochino.com. You choose your fabric inside and out. You choose
your custom design customizations. You submit your measurements with your choices, and then you relax
while your suit gets professionally tailored and made to you in a couple of weeks, mailed to you
in a couple of weeks. This week, our listeners can get any premium Indochino suit for just 379
at Indochino.com when entering chiclets at checkout. That's 50
off the regular price for a made-to-measure premium suit, plus the shipping is free,
which you can't beat. Again, that's Indochino.com, promo code is CHICLETS for any premium suit
for just 379 with free shipping. It's an incredible deal for a premium made-to-measure
suit. I got one. I'm working on number two right now because once you go custom, you don't go back. Game seven, boys, that's what
we like. So we'll get one of those, actually two of those Tuesday night. The next series we're
going to take a look at. For the second time in three games during the series, Dallas has won in
Nashville and now the underdog stars have a 3-2 series lead with the chance to wrap it up Monday
night in Big D. Ben Bishop has been immense for Dallas, 3-2 with a 9-3-5 save percentage,
2-1-8 goals against.
They're also getting results from the big guns, Jamie Benn, Tyler Sagan,
Radulov, they're all getting things done.
On D, we know about Klingberg.
We've heard a lot about Miro Hishkin, but this kid, Issa Lindell,
he's been a huge presence for Dallas this series.
Pair of assists, but he's playing over 25 minutes a game.
Guy wasn't really too familiar with beforehand,
but he's caught my eye.
On the Nashville side, they're just not getting a lot from their big guns, man.
And that's why they find themselves in the hole.
Biz, what do you got on this series, brother?
Well, I knew that game was over the minute Gavin DeGraw face-planted
after the anthem.
You can't recover from that.
And that's all on him.
You're trying to get the home crowd going,
and now all of a sudden the Predators player has got to be embarrassed
because their anthem guy can't even stand up on the ice.
Is it true he didn't even bring it up after or something, too?
He was embarrassed by it?
Like, buddy, you've got to own that.
You just face-planted on the ice.
Well, I mean, know your surroundings.
He's just getting reckless out there on the carpet.
I mean, if I were to go drop a ceremonial face-off,
which I had with the Tucson Road Rudders, you're welcome.
But, bud, you're like tiptoeing out there.
I'm not going to be the guy taking a face plant.
I know how slippery the ice is, and even I'm being careful.
This guy's just getting lazy, and he costs them the game.
They couldn't recover from that.
And just overall, a great series by Dallas and talk about another team that's catching stride at the perfect
time whereas similar to Winnipeg Nashville second half of the season they just seems like they
couldn't get up for for meaningless games I mean knowing how their track record with how much
playoff hockey they played in the last few,
sometimes it's a dog days right before playoffs kicks in.
And if you take that for granted and don't ramp up and find your game next
thing,
you know,
maybe you just can't flip on that switch and talk about,
I mean,
fuck man.
If they get bounced in the first round this year,
I know that they have a very tamed fan base.
Their fan base is not online ripping their own teams.
They're usually pretty supportive.
Would you not say that they're one of the more supportive fan bases?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
They're one of the least likely fan bases to turn against their team and
call them scumbags.
Like say the Maple Leafs are going to do after they lose fucking Tuesday.
Well,
yeah,
it's just,
there's a lot of a finger pointing and blaming people.
I mean, like, what do you guys say? Do you think at a certain point that fan base, just cause it's just there's a lot of finger pointing and blaming people i mean like
what do you guys say do you think at a certain point that fan base just because it's like hey
like some some major changes need to be made around here well their window's definitely not
getting any like longer i'd say two more years after this before i get into the dallas nashville
series i gotta bring something up i got a buddy of mine who listens to the podcast.
It's like,
wait,
you fucking asshole.
You and biz,
uh,
you guys are in the regular season and you're talking,
Hey,
it's guaranteed to be Nashville Winnipeg second round.
Like doesn't even matter.
Well,
it's going to be a great second round rematch like last year.
Well,
Hey,
asshole.
At the time, St. Louis was the worst team in the league.
Dallas' owner was carving their two best players,
and the Blackhawks were shit.
So for a while it did look like Winnipeg and Nashville was better
than everyone else in that division.
But no, I mean, now it has changed.
And the Dallas Stars, like you said, Biz, perfect timing to get everything going.
Ben Bishop's been phenomenal all year.
He had a great season.
But what's really impressive is that Dallas figured out we cannot play run and gun.
We can't win.
And to prove that, to prove that, Dallas scored 209 goals this year in the regular season.
That was the third fewest in the entire league
and they're the only team uh they're actually the they're the only team in the playoffs um that were
what how did i fuck this up oh they were the only they were the least of any playoff team
for goal score that's what it was i just couldn't like read my writing no i love it when you fuck
up makes me feel better about myself.
I mean, I struggled right there, big time.
But they got 16 goals in the series.
So after not being able to score well all year and playing great D,
well, they've kind of  they've turned it into what is a great defense does.
It makes a good offense, right?
You get some confidence out of your D.
And you got Esa Lindell, who's a huge find,
and they do have some D who can move the puck.
And Zuccarello was such a good trade.
You wonder why it took him so long to get a little help for those guys.
He's been great.
But they're a defensively sound team now.
And then if you look the same way I said with Colorado-Calgary
in terms of stars outplaying stars, it's the same exact thing.
And you know what?
After that guy ripped those Dallas Stars players this year
and carved those guys, you wonder what's going to happen.
Well, they, of course, like I think everyone who knew Jamie Benn as a player
picked it up, the team got into the playoffs,
and in the biggest game of the year the other night, he gets three assists.
Sagan gets one-on-one with eight shots, and Radulov gets two goals.
Radulov wasn't called out in the media when all that stuff went down,
but these guys are showing up to play.
And the play Jamie Benn made on one of Radulov's goals,
he went and he buried Ryan Ellis before they got to the puck,
just a complete man-missile play.
And then he fires a backhand pass to Radulov, who buries one.
So it's Dallas' stars taking over.
It's, you know, Nashville's stars being really quiet.
You're not hearing much, and that's kind of how this series has gone.
And Ben Bishop, man, shout-out to him because what a season he had.
He had one bad game in this series, and other than that, he's been solid.
Yeah, like I said, man, Nashville's big guns.
They're not getting it done.
Rocco Grimaldi's the leading goal scorer.
He's got three goals.
Ryan Johansson and Kyle Torres, they didn't get their first goal
until the fifth game of the season.
Torres is on the fourth line now.
Like, what happened there, Biz?
I have no fucking clue.
They bring him over, big deal.
What has happened to him as a player there?
It's very surprising.
Which is odd because when the game turned to not as tight checking
and it was more run and gun up the ice, he flourished.
I mean, that's his game.
He's got what he had, one of the best wristers in the game.
Great shot.
Can't score any goals anymore.
And, I mean, it's tough too because he's not exactly built
for fourth line
center material no like that's when you got to get in the corners and get a little bit
exactly they're not paying they're paying them to push the pace um you know zone entries and
making plays and uh yeah that's that's that's very disappointing and talk about that fall from grace
very quick i mean i don't know if it's kind of a james neal situation where it's just like all of
a sudden a bad year and then you got to go hit the recharge and reset button in the offseason. But I don't
know. That's a great question. Yeah, basically, you know, Nashville's not cashing in when they
get the chances. Dallas is. And, you know, we can't blame it on Pekka Rene. He's a guy we've
picked on in the past. But basically, a lot of the goals are because of Nashville breakdowns
and Nashville coverage issues. It's not really anything Rene's doing, Rob.
And what did I say before the series about Nashville's power play,
the worst power play in the league this year?
They're 0 for 10 in the series.
You're shaking your head because you don't win.
If you don't score on the power play, you don't win.
So it's not surprising at all that they're looking like they're on the verge of getting knocked out and losing the series.
I mean,
special teams,
massive come post season and talk about a team who's been saved by their
power play.
Boston has seven power play goals in that Toronto series.
And they had,
I think they've had one in every single game.
So if Boston power play hadn't showed up,
then this series probably over.
Yep. And as far as game six, that's a Monday at eight 30 with Dallas Nashville. So if Boston power play hadn't showed up, then this series would probably be over.
Yep.
And as far as game six, that's Monday at 830 with Dallas-Nashville.
And we've got one more series to talk about,
and I think this is probably the juiciest topic we've been saving until the end.
According to sports cliches, this series hasn't started yet because the home team is yet to lose.
It's been home team, home team all series.
Well, despite that, the defending champion Capitals flexed their muscles Saturday versus Carolina,
spanked them six, nothing, took a 3-2 series lead.
You feel like they might have, I don't know,
finally hit that Ironman shoot button
and they kind of looked like the team they were last season
when they won the Cup.
Having said that, I don't know.
Carolina's been scrappy.
Last game was the only game they were really bad, I'd say.
Do you think they forced a game seven or what, Witz?
It was the only game they were really bad, I'd say.
Do you think they forced a game seven or what, Witz?
I don't know, but I have admitted many times on this.
I'm not tough.
I'm very soft, actually.
But if I was Dougie Hamilton,
I would try to fight somebody the first shift of the next game.
How stupid is that?
He's an offensive defenseman fighting the playoffs.
That play he pulled off in that game,
letting up because he saw it was Ovechkin and people are saying,
Oh,
maybe he thought it was icing.
That was a very,
very embarrassing moment for an NHL hockey player in a playoff game.
And he's had a great series.
So I'm,
I'm, I'm,
this is harsh,
but that is like,
I mean,
you think Flamingo
in a playoff game is bad?
How do you go in the locker room and see your teammates after that play?
Ovechkin is a complete machine, but, man, you got to go in and get that puck.
And it was a blowout, but still, it was just shocking to see.
You asked me do I think they'll force a game seven.
I actually do.
I think the crowd in Carolina is incredible.
I think that team's good.
It looks like Shvetchnikov actually will not play, I don't think.
No, he's already been ruled out.
Yeah, he's already been ruled out.
That sucks.
That kid was playing good.
But, yeah, there's a lot more going on in this series.
But that was right off my head that that play was crazy.
Now, let me ask you, what are his teammates thinking when they see that?
And, by the way, it was only 2-0 in the second period.
That game was still very much short.
I know.
I'm telling you right now, without talking to anyone on that team,
there were guys that were disgusted.
I don't need to talk to guys on the team.
Biz, do you think I'm wrong here?
Yeah, I just think it was a brain fart.
You know, I don't watch him enough.
Brains are different.
Listen, I think that he hesitated a little too much to begin with and then by the time he he turned and saw him
he was like oh shit i maybe i i taught i timed this wrong and now i'm not going to make myself
vulnerable and then like yeah obviously that's bailing out at the last second. And like I said, man, I always try to see the best in guys,
and I know guys fuck up out there.
It doesn't look good, and you're going to get ripped online for it.
But it's one of those things where if he comes back and has a big game six
and tucks one and they win, it's forgettable.
I just remember, like, Terry and his coach,
all you had to do was get the puck over to your partner.
And if you took on a monster hit and had a like the worst concussion he'd be like so pretty like that was what you
needed to do though like just get the puck to the other side so i don't know i always have that i
always think of that it definitely helps that it was a six nothing game there was a lot of other
factors that uh for the reason they lost if they that 3-2 and that's the winner, that's a dream haunter.
That one's going to ruin your summer.
But, I mean, I don't know.
Biz, do you think they forced a game seven?
I think that because of the OC situation,
there's a spark that's been lit underneath Washington,
and I think that they take it in six.
I was very complimentary of Rob Brindamore
and how he handled the situation earlier in the series
with the officiating call on Furland when he got kicked out.
He, God, that was a dangerous play,
and he made it seem like it was nothing
when Oshie got sent right to the wall.
And I think that a lot of people were confused as to how he could have handled one situation so perfectly and then the next maybe just choose your words a little more wisely
I think that that was a reactionary hit I don't think it was as dirty as it ended up turning out
to be with with Oshie now being out for an extended period of time.
Surprised that there was no suspension.
He didn't get a game, correct?
No, I don't even think he got a hearing.
No, nothing.
I mean, that's a tough position to put somebody else in.
What kind of put it towards 50-50 is the angle that Ochi was on,
and it's kind of as if he turned into the boards
where it looked like he was going maybe a little more north-south
than he ended up.
Do you get what I'm saying?
It wasn't necessarily an east and west
where he came in straight towards the boards.
He gave him that shove in the back
where maybe he thought Ochi was going towards the goal line.
And as Ochi got pushed, he kind of lost his edge on his one skate,
and it spun him right into the boards, and obviously the rest is history.
Yeah, I think it was a play we see often, Biz, in games,
little shoves like that, and it just had a real bad result.
I don't think there was anything malicious about it.
Speaking of Oshie, he did get surgery on his fractured right clavicle.
He's going to be out indefinitely.
I'm safe to say we won't see him for the rest of this series.
It'll be determined if the Capitals move on, if he's going to be back.
The Caps did call up Devante Smith-Pelly,
who was a monster for them in the cup run last year.
So we'll see if he has a little bit of that magic left.
I don't know.
Did you happen to see the tweet that the Caps put out
regarding the Dougie Hamilton thing?
Play to the whistle, babe.
That's some pretty heavy trolling from a team calling you babe.
Yeah, it's still up there, too.
They didn't take it down.
Yeah, play to the whistle, babe.
And, yeah, man, that was just one of those plays.
Like, I mean, I understand, like you say, you like to see every side of things,
which is fair, and a lot of people should do that.
But it's just tough to defend.
I mean, whether he thought it was ice and you quit on the play,
you gave the puck away, it ended up in the net,
and fucking 3-0 is a huge lead, and every goal counts in the playoffs.
It's just  I wouldn't say it's unforgivable.
You know, like you guys said, if he comes back and he's a monster
in the next game, teammates will forgive him.
But, you know, you kind of look at that, and then you say,
geez, this guy's been traded twice before he's 25,
and, you know, is that some indicative of some reason why?
But those two, they're back at it Monday night.
The Caps can close it out.
Game six, seven o'clock in Raleigh.
If you're viewing pleasure, what do you got, Biz?
We have to congratulate Ovi because with 64 goals now in playoffs,
he passed Evgeny Malkin for the most by a Russian-born player.
So congratulations to Ovi.
Cross and sauces, baby.
Cross and sauces, knocking guys out.
And going back to Oshie, that's probably the most significant loss to a team
so far in playoffs this year, correct?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Off the top of my head, yeah.
I mean, it's been a pretty healthy playoff,
and I don't want to give it the reverse chicklet bump,
but that's going to be a tough one for Washington to get over.
They're definitely going to need some guys to step up
and hopefully some guys to fill in that top six role yeah so uh that gets everybody caught up on the
series that are still going on again a couple of game sevens coming up this week uh we're gonna
send it over to Byron Defoe now he's a guy I used to root for about 20 years ago over the garden in
Boston so it was pretty cool to catch up with him and get his perspective on this goaltender
interference bullshit so without further ado,
let's send it over to Byron Defoe. This interview is brought to you by Can I Brands. If you're a regular listener or follow me on Instagram, you've heard what CBD can do. Now experience it for
yourself. Can I Brands is rolling out massive selection of CBD wellness products this year
in four unique experiences. Can I Boost, sublingual CBD oils and oral sprays to boost
focused and energy? Can I mend all natural CBD balms and creams for post-workout recovery and
pain management? Can I fresh nutrient-packed CBD oral sprays for mental clarity, balance,
and immune support? Can I sleep natural non-habit forming CBD sublingual oils and sprays for mental clarity, balance, and immune support. Can I sleep? Natural, non-habit forming
CBD, sublingual oils, and sprays to help you sleep. Can I Brands wants you to feel amazing.
Use the Biz20 promo code to get 20 off your purchase at canibrands.com. That's C-A-N-I-B-R-A-N-D D S.com guys.
Um,
I,
this is the company that I've started, uh,
with some individuals.
Um,
uh,
Cindy Crosby's trainers being one of them.
We had them on Andy O'Brien a few weeks ago.
Um,
basically in,
in each different product,
they,
they use not only the CBD,
but other things that might help in that area.
Uh,
I've been using them.
I'm very pleased with the, the response to the products. I've been using them. I'm very pleased with the response of the products.
I'm obviously sleeping well.
I really like the men's as far as the lotions where you can rub it on
and get a little bit of pain relief.
I've got knee surgery on my left knee, still have to do my right ACL,
and my body's just banged up.
So this CBD has really helped as well as the Focus one. I mean, sometimes I get just banged up. So this CBD has really helped, um, as well as the focus one.
I mean, sometimes I get going to a coyotes game and I got to record a podcast in the same day.
Whereas, you know, you, you don't maybe feel as naturally fresh as you'd like to,
where I'll just take some of these tinctures and, and, uh, it's, it's awesome. So, uh, can I brands
that's a C A N I B R A N-D-S. And candybrands.com.
Follow them on social media.
20 off Biz20 promo code.
All natural CBD.
And I'm happy to welcome our next guest to the show.
He played in 415 games over 12 NHL seasons for four clubs,
including the Thrash down in Atlanta.
He was a Vezina finalist in 1999, who ultimately lost to Dominic Kasich,
as well as a second-team All-Star that year.
I enjoyed watching him here in Boston for several seasons.
Welcome to the show, Byron Defoe.
Hey, guys. Thanks for having me.
So what do you got to these days, Byron?
We haven't seen much except for on Twitter.
Are you skating at all? Are you just kind of doing the dad thing?
What's going on in your life these days?
skating at all? You're just kind of doing the dad thing. What's going on in your life these days?
Yeah, no, I moved back to British Columbia after, I guess it was, geez, I don't know,
after the lockout year when I was in Atlanta and raised a couple of boys and, you know, doing some real estate type developments around here. And so it's been a good time away from the rink.
And, you know, I was able to coach my youngest son,
who's heading off to junior next year.
So it's been a good time, a good time.
I do miss Beantown, though, I must say.
Oh, really?
Where'd you live when you played for the Bees, the Bullwins?
Yeah, I was North Shore.
So I lived in Linfield for a couple years and then moved out to Middleton.
And so I was there five years.
And, yeah, it was a great town.
I mean, it was different back then, of course,
because we practiced out in Wilmington.
We didn't have that fancy-dancy warrior arena.
Yeah, you had Restuchka or whatever it was called.
Yeah, it was crap.
But the one they got downtown there sure is nice,
and it would be nice to live downtown
and enjoy all the festivities that Boston can give you.
Yeah, back when you were in town, the players didn't live in town
because basically it was still all city residents,
and then the city changed, everybody moved out, and now all the players seem to live a stone's throw from was still all city residents. And then, you know, the city changed. Everybody moved out.
Now all the players seem to live a stone's throw from the garden.
So anyways, we would chat.
And I know you've been watching the games.
I want to get your perspective on this goaltender interference bullshit.
There's so much inconsistency.
We saw the San Jose series, well, pretty much swing on a call that was made.
A goal was disallowed.
Then they actually gave the team a power play.
And then in Boston Friday night, we saw a very similar play
where the goal was allowed.
So as a goaltender, Byron, what's your take on this?
Why can't they get these calls right after the fact?
Well, you know, it's a slippery slope in my opinion.
And, you know, what I've seen over the last few years now is,
and, you know, Witts, you being a D-man, you can appreciate this.
I feel they've taken all the
power away from the fenceman because you're not allowed to hold up you're not allowed to cross
check you're not allowed to touch anybody basically in front of the net it seems like now
and and then of course they've they've you know the goaltender is taboo you can't touch him you
can't even go near him and i mean you know, I'm a little bit old school, but you know what?
When I played, like, you battled to see the puck,
to find the puck, to stop the puck.
And now I find it seems like the guys,
once they feel that pressure of someone in their crease or touching them, they automatically look to the referee.
And, you know, it's the NHL's fault.
They're the ones who brought this upon themselves.
And, you know, tuka's goal there the
other night in boston um it was called the goal on the ice i feel that you know it could have gone
either way and i felt they made the right call only because it was called the goal on the ice
if the ref had said no it was goal interference on the ice and they went upstairs then i would
have said yeah the right call would have been goal interference. So, you know, it's just, it's so much up for interpretation now.
And, you know, I don't know who's in the situation room, but, you know, as a former
goaltender, you can have an idea of what guys are trying to do or trying not to do, but
you still don't know the be all and end all and what's really happening when that guy's
trying to interfere with the goaltender.
Well, as a defenseman, I'm actually going to admit I literally never boxed one guy out,
so the rules didn't matter to me.
But basically, I think what you're saying and what I think is that the bigger reaction the goalie gives,
it's like that almost guarantees they call it no goal on the ice,
which then if you go and it's kind of 50-50, it stands.
call it no goal on the ice, which then if you go and it's kind of 50-50, it stands.
So it almost felt to me like Tuca hindered himself by not giving a big kind of reaction soccer style.
And then from then, he's not in position to make the save, but he didn't show the ref,
oh, I'm fucked.
I'm stuck here.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, let's be honest.
I mean, remember Dominic Hasek.
You'd think that guy would ever not try and make a save or give up
or go half-hardly across the crease.
I mean, you know, he's from that, you know, cloth of you do anything
and everything to stop a puck.
And that's changed now.
And, I mean, you know, rightfully so.
I can see why the goaltenders do try and do a soccer move
and pretend they were shot because someone had their toe
in their crease and you know what I mean and I think it's bullshit like I just I think the game
the integrity of the game is in question with it and more importantly when you look at you know
playoffs and you said earlier how it can swing a game uh you know it's just uh it's it's tough
to watch sometimes and and you know you feel for the players you feel for the situation room you feel for the referees and most importantly you feel
for the fans Byron I'm not going to talk about uh how Hyman got in his way on that goal that was
allowed but just as a goalie how much is that affecting his push off his right leg to slide
left because a lot of people are saying he probably wasn't going to get there anyway but uh just as from a goalie perspective i was just curious yeah you know i i
i looked at that biz i was trying to figure that out too because i mean you know without question
it was it was going to be a tough save but you know looking at it hyman did look like he tried
to cross check uh i'm not sure the defenseman was for boston but uh and then he
actually stumbled himself back into rask and so you know hey it will it definitely hindered him
what he've got there still i don't know right and and again if that's part of the the ruling
you know there's another interpretation by the ref for the situation room which
you know only tuka rask knows whether he would have got there if Hyman was there or not, right?
Yeah, interesting.
Well, I'm more interested than the current goalie fiasco, goaltender interference we're
talking.
I'm actually interested in your career.
And, you know, I was looking up some HockeyDB and checking you out there, and I see that
your main, you know, your big rookie year after playing some
games with, I believe it was Washington, you
go to LA. And so you step
in that year, you play 47 games
and Wayne Gretzky's on that team.
Yari Curry's on that team. Like,
what is it like for a guy who wasn't really
proven in the NHL to go in and just be
around the great one? And you must have some classic
stories about him.
Oh yeah, without question i mean
you know i was drafted by washington and and kind of kicked around the minors uh in in baltimore and
portland uh maine for a couple years and and then uh i believe it was the lockout year of 93 94
they sent me to phoenix or loaned me to Phoenix, which was the old Phoenix Roadrunners.
And so your guys are stomping ground there.
And it was the best thing for my career because that was L.A.'s farm team.
And so I got to play in front of the L.A. Brass every night, you know,
and I had a pretty good year there and ended up getting traded at the draft
that following summer.
So I went into L. la uh not knowing what to expect
kelly rudy was was uh the main guy had been there forever and uh oh great guy and for me just one of
the best partners i ever had i learned so much from him and uh you know i still talk to him every
once in a while now like he's just a super guy but um he actually, we were about a week before training camp,
and he wanted to play out when we were playing shinny and stuff.
And so he would put on the gear and play as a forward
while he ended up falling and breaking his ankle.
So, you know, I mean, you know how hockey works, right?
You get an opportunity, you better take advantage of it.
So that's kind of how I got thrown into the starting role. And, and, and, and it worked out pretty good for me
for the couple of years that I was there. But yeah, playing with Gretzky was, I mean, you know,
like all of us, he was an idol of mine growing up. And I still remember the first, first day of that
shinny hockey, you know, sitting in my in my stall and and and him come walking in with
one of his kids at the time and you know I just felt in awe you know what I mean he was such an
horror about him and and I'd never seen him in person before so you know he right away came over
introduced himself as Wayne Gretzky I'm like you know no shit man but uh but he he was a classic. He was a total old-school player, just liked his pops after the games.
But showed up, worked hard every day,
and obviously was the best player ever to play the game, in my opinion.
But actually, I've got a good story about him.
So it was myself and Sean O'Donnell who were the the two rookies on the team
that year and uh i think we were in pittsburgh uh you know in october or something and so we won
the game and we were staying overnight which is rare uh so when you get an opportunity to stay
overnight you better go out and take advantage of it and And so him and Rick Talkett grabbed Sean and I and said, hey, you guys are coming for dinner with us.
And so we're like, all right, perfect.
So, you know, the car picks us up in the tunnel.
We whip out to, you know, downtown Pittsburgh.
And we kind of get dropped off in this alley.
And we walk down and all of a sudden this door opens in the side street, like real shady.
And all I'm thinking of like is, is Goodfellas when, you know, and they're going through the
kitchen to get to the restaurant. And so we, we, we walk in and, and end up going through this back
alley or kitchen area. And all of a sudden we come out, we're in this, you know, strip joint slash
really high end restaurant and private table in
the back and you know drinks are coming it was like it was for Sean and I were just like oh my
god this is the NHL this is awesome going back to Gretz for a second how how long does it take for
that ought to wear off where he just becomes another guy in the room is it like you know
six times a dozen times I would just like be overwhelmed all the time every time I saw Gretzky in
there.
Yeah. I mean, it never does wear off. I mean, you know, even today, right.
He's, he's still Wayne Gretzky. I mean, there's just no one like him,
but, but yeah, I mean, like any teammate, you, you know,
as you get to know them more and more, you're more and more comfortable and,
and, you know, he's just one of the guys but uh
but you know he was pretty special to play with and and uh um you know unfortunately he got traded
uh to st louis near the end of that season so i got you know just about a year to play with him
but uh like in la i mean you know he was a list you know, you talk Robert De Niro or Al Pacino.
He was on that level?
Wayne, I swear to God, Wayne Gretzky was on that level.
And he always said to all of us guys, especially the young guys,
he's like, hey, you guys ever need to get in anywhere, you know,
just let me know and I'll get you set up.
So it was pretty cool.
Did you ever take him up on that?
The one thing, I wanted to go to the Playboy Mansion
because I just wanted to see what it was like.
And I can't remember what happened.
We had tickets to get in, or I don't know what was going on,
but I never did make it.
But, yeah, no, he was a real treat
and one of the highlights of my career to play with.
I'm still waiting for you to finish that story about the strip club.
Well, yeah.
A good time was had by all.
That's all I can say.
Did you ever see any teammates ever argue with them or talk back?
Does anyone ever get like fresh back to him?
Or was it,
did you just have so much respect that no one would ever like argue with the
guy, his stature?
You know, the only one who would really give him shit, it was Marty Mc the guy his stature you know the only one who uh would
really give him shit it was marty mcsorley and you know our marty obviously had history with him
in edmonton and you know they grew up together playing there as kids basically so marty i mean
he did stuff to wayne that uh you know i was like, seriously?
I'm not even going to tell you some of the things.
It's just unbelievable. You're talking about Prince.
Oh, yeah, exactly.
You got to give us one.
Give us a PG one.
I don't even know if he did anything PG,
but we're talking Marty McSorley, right?
Okay, I'll try and make this as as clean as i can we were in i think we were in washington and it was an off day so we
just had a practice and uh marty bought a bunch of pizzas for the boys after practice and he put
one of the pizzas in uh in wayne stall and uh wayne came and opened it up and instead of a pizza,
Marty had left a deposit
that usually you would leave in a toilet.
It was...
Oh, man.
Somebody knows about the custard.
Marty's a sick bastard.
Yeah.
Anyone that could give him crap
would be Marty.
He was the one. No, I mean, Wayne know, anyone that could give him crap would be Marty. He was the one.
But, no, I mean, Wayne, he was a big card player,
so he'd be at the back of the plane playing cards, high, high stakes,
and I stayed away from that part of the table, that's for sure.
A little different tax bracket.
Well, everybody talks about how Gretzky was an A-lister.
I heard Marty McSorley ran that town just as much as Gretzky did.
Well, Marty, I think, you know, he was single, right?
So he took advantage of it.
You know, Wayne was obviously married to Janet and had kids
and was a little more of a statesman.
But, yeah, no, Marty, he took full advantage of it.
Most of us lived in Manhattan Beach,
which was, you know, a pretty incredible place to live when you're playing hockey.
And Marty, I remember we had one.
Was he getting celebrity kills?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Off the top of my head, I can't think of who was there and around at the time.
But there was always someone that was, oh, I recognize that, you know, it could have been a, you know, B rated movie or whatever.
But, uh, we did have, we did have a Halloween party at, uh, I think it was at Talkett's place.
And, you know, we all showed up their wives and, and what have you girlfriends. And,
and Marty comes walking in with two girls that,
I'm not going to say he paid for them, but he probably did.
And, you know, one was dressed in a nurse's outfit.
The other one was like in a dominatrix outfit.
And you could just see all the girlfriends and wives, you know,
the daggers going.
It was so funny.
And Marty just thought it was the funniest thing ever,
walking with these two.
I actually brought a playmate to a Halloween party
when I was playing with the coyotes.
And she ended up getting so crippled.
And she was wearing this little Pocahontas outfit.
And her top had fallen off when she was so wasted
and basically passed out.
And her tits were hanging.
And all the wives were just mortified.
They're like, Miz, you piece of trash.
Well, I mean, I show up to the rink the next day,
and I'm like, boys, I'm sorry about that.
Because it kind of halted the party a little bit.
All the wives were like, who is this girl?
And the boys were like, don't you ever apologize for that.
I was just going to say, the older guys were the happiest guys there, I'm sure.
Yeah, so it was  but she was cool about it the next day.
She actually sent me a text being like, hey,
I hope I made a good impression on your teammates.
So we had a good laugh about it.
She actually recently just got married, the one that got away.
Anyway.
Got away running.
So, Byron, so you had a couple years with the Kings.
Then you get traded to Boston. Then you get traded to
Boston. When you get traded to the Bruins, was it a shock, a disappointment? Was it a fresh
opportunity? What was going through your brain when that happened? Yeah, it was, well, it was
definitely a shock. You know, I just signed a two-year deal that summer in LA and, you know,
after renting for a couple years, I asked my agent if I should buy a house and he said, oh yeah,
for sure. So I bought a place in Manhattan Beach and was supposed to close on it, you know, after renting for a couple of years, I asked my agent if I should buy a house. And he said, oh, yeah, yeah, for sure.
So I bought a place in Manhattan Beach and was supposed to close on it, you know, right before training camp.
And literally the day that I was closing, I got the call from Dave Taylor, the GM of the Kings, saying, we just traded you to Boston.
I was just like, holy shit.
Like, what do you do? So my moving truck, instead of just going across town was
going 3000 miles across country instead. But you know what, for me, it was it was obviously the
best thing for my career. And it was, it's pretty cool to go from, you know, a market of LA that,
you know, was a really cool place to play and live, but definitely not a hockey, you know was a really cool place to play and live but definitely not a hockey you know mecca that
Boston was and is and so uh to to you know go to a different experience like that was was
really cool and uh you know my work was cut out because uh Jim Carrey was uh was here was there
at the time and uh you know Pat Burns had come in as the new coach.
And so it was kind of a fresh start from everyone.
I know the Bruins, I think they had finished.
Well, yeah, they finished last the year before because they ended up getting Joe Thornton first overall.
So it was a great opportunity.
And after the first month or so of Kerry and I kind of split,
I kind of just took the bull by the horns and never looked back.
And that's where it went from there.
You mentioned Pat Burns, one of the all-time great coaches.
What was it like playing for him, and how did he help your career?
Burns still to this day is my favorite coach of all time.
And I had some pretty good coaches over my career but uh just one of those
guys that was uh uh you know honest and and called a spade a spade you know he was hard on his players
but he rewarded you and you know he didn't play in the head games that you see some of these guys
do and and uh you just always knew where you're where you stood with him and um and and you know
as hard as he was he was like a really good
guy off the ice like he was he was pretty funny and i had uh gotten into harleys when i was in la
and so i bought a harley when i was in boston as well and and pat was a big harley guy and so i
remember one summer i went up to laconia in new hampshire there for bike week and it's kind of
pretty cool to be sitting at a bar,
having a beer with Pat Burns, you know, in the middle of the summer,
getting ready for the next season to start, you know.
But, no, he was a really good guy, and God rest his soul.
Sad to see him leave us.
But, you know, one story I do remember with him that kind of is what he was
all about was
we were in nashville uh i just had a no game and so we had a practice and we were on a bit of a
slump and he used to always wear these uh like compression shorts or bike shorts basically
and you know he had a bit of a belly on him and and so he he came in before practice and wanted to kind of have a team meeting we're all
sitting around and he walks in with these tight shorts on and and his tight shirt with the belly
hanging out and you know it started off civil but then he started getting fired up he started
getting really pissed off and yelling at us and he goes to pick up the big gatorade container that
you know it's got all the gatorade and the mix the attorneys a mix for you and he goes to pick up the big Gatorade container that you know it's got all the Gatorade
and the mix the attorneys mix for you and he he had thought it was empty so he went to pick it up
to throw it across the room and it was full and so he you know half picked it up and then it just
fell and you know went all over the place and he ends up throwing his back out so you can just
imagine he's you know we're trying not to laugh because he's pissed off and now he up throwing his back out. So you can just imagine he's, you know, we're trying not to laugh
because he's pissed off and now he just threw his back out
and, you know, he kind of just stopped what he was saying
and just limped back to the coach's room.
And I remember looking over at Bork and he was just trying not to laugh.
But that was Pat Burns.
Byron, I got a question about Joe Thornton.
So, you know, no one really talks about this.
When he first came in the league, he was highly touted first overall,
and he ended up having a pretty tough first year in the NHL.
What was that like being in the locker room with him then?
And, you know, was he still really positive?
Like what was the feeling around the Bruins organization?
Did they think they maybe had a bust on their hands?
You know, I don't think they ever thought that he was a bust,
but it was a tough year for him.
I mean, I don't know his numbers right now, but I'm sure they were pretty dismal.
Seven points, three goals, four assists.
Yeah.
And he wore number six.
And he wore number six.
He wore number six, which is probably the worst thing, right?
I wore number six. Byron, what the fuck is probably the worst thing, right? I wore number six.
Byron, what the fuck's wrong with six?
You're a defenseman.
The number one overall pick is going to come in and wear six?
Come on.
I agree with that.
Yeah.
I mean, Joe Thornton is one of my favorite guys of all time.
He came in as this 18-year-old kid, no upper body, long, curly, goldilocks hair.
One of those guys that was just kind of dopey and didn't seem to have a care in the world.
He had a tough go.
Burns didn't put faith in him.
Again, he's an 18 year old kid and,
and we needed to kind of come out of the gates and win. And so, you know,
he was a fourth liner to start and didn't get PP time and, and yeah, he,
he definitely paid his dues that first year. But I mean,
I think in the playoffs he, he, you know, started to show some stuff.
And then definitely his second season, Pat had given him a lot more leeway.
I think he changed his number, which is probably the best thing he could do.
You were one of many, many Boston Bruins who fought with Harry Sindenova
over money at some point.
Is that what led to your ultimate departure from the team,
was him being a hardliner
and you wanting to get what you were probably worth?
You know, Harry did, I think, an incredible job for Jeremy Jacobs and the Boston Bruins.
I mean, he did what he was paid to do, right?
And, you know, it was frustrating at times as a player dealing with him personally
and also, you know, not going out and getting someone at the trade deadline
or paying one of our guys to stay or something.
So, you know, that was tough.
You know, I did go through a holdout with him where, you know, I sat.
Oh, God, I don't think I signed till the middle of November. And, you know,
after having, well,
I think that was when I was up for the Vesna the year before. So, you know,
that, that was frustrating and, and you know, it's,
it's part of the business and it's the part of the business that as a player,
you don't really like to get involved with. But you know, like I said,
I think Harry did what he was paid to do,
and from that side of the business, he did a good job at it.
I still remember a quote he put in the Boston Globe about me doing a North End shakedown with what I was asking for or something like that.
I mean, it's  you know, you got to give the guys a credit. He was pretty good in the media. with what I was asking for or something like that.
You know, you got to give the guys a credit.
He was pretty good in the media.
I mean, you know, a lot of people didn't like him,
but he came up with some good one-liners once in a while. And at the end of the day, you know what,
I got five really great years of my life living in Boston and playing there.
And, you know, when I left left it was uh you know there was a
bunch of factors of why it happened and and uh you know it was uh unfortunate because i really
did want to stay in boston but uh you know that's part of the business too right you can't make all
the rules for yourself well you know you end up becoming um a part of the storied franchise, the Atlanta Thrashers.
What a joke that place was, huh?
Holy shit was that place.
I can't imagine the year you were there because I knew a guy there
that was there when it was a complete joke maybe five years after you.
So, or four years after you.
I mean, just what was that like going from an original six team to Atlanta?
It was, you know, again, everything happens for a reason,
and you've got to make the most of how it all works out.
You know, I  yeah, he got me speechless on that.
I remember one game having the Detroit Red Wings come in,
and I swear to God there were 16,000 people in the building,
which was really rare for us.
And 13,000 of them were Detroit Red Wing fans.
Like it was ridiculous.
Great place to live.
People were incredible.
You know,
I met some really great people.
I,
I lived in a place called Sugarloaf Country Club, and it was pretty cool. I had
Andrew Jones from Atlanta Braves. He was my neighbor. Kevin Millwood was a pitcher. He was
a couple doors down the road. I had a couple football players in there. T-Boz was there.
Michael Vick was there. So it was kind of a who's who of atlanta which uh as you can see where i'm
going with this didn't seem to focus a lot on hockey look humble brag yeah but uh yeah no it
was uh it was it was a tough grind i had some injury problems and and the team wasn't very good
and and you know ultimately you know i i lasted a couple years there, and then we had the lockout year, and, you know, that was it.
I kind of said, after my eighth knee surgery, enough's enough.
Let's move on.
Byron, you played with Francis Lessard when you were in Atlanta.
We've talked about him a few times on this podcast.
Could you describe for our listeners what it was like
watching him put on his ankle tape?
Yeah, I think I saw that on Twitter somewhere earlier in the year.
He, Frankie, was a beauty.
He's tough as nails, I got to tell you.
And I think part of that was he had to have solid footing.
And, like, I kid you not, I mean, I'm sure you've talked about it,
but, yeah, he would use a full roll of sock tape per ankle.
I've never seen anything like it.
And what was funny is, you know, the coach would come in
and, you know, do his pregame meeting or whatever,
and, you know, guys are all quiet.
And then, you know, just as the coach leaves,
all of a sudden you just hear the whack, whack, whack, whack
of this sock tape going around.
It would just stop in your tracks,
and especially the first time you ever heard it.
You're like, is this guy serious?
Yeah, that would take 10 minutes
too. You're like, when's this going to stop?
Usually it's two times around your shin pad.
Yeah, you know
guys are kind of, come on boys, let's get
a goal. You kind of almost have to
just stop and wait until Frankie's done.
Then you go, okay, yeah, yeah, come on.
Same way, different way, whatever. Let's go.
It's funny. So you were basically a like kind
of a victim of the lockout byron because if there was no lockout you probably would have still played
the next year right yeah well who knows right i mean uh like i said i my body was getting a little
beat up at the time and and uh but yeah i mean it was the worst time for me uh as and you know a lot
of guys actually and and actually uh was it wits did
you play you played in russia for a year didn't you oh yeah how was that oh it was a fucking joke
i mean okay okay it was it was i would have paid anything to bend on the atlanta thrashers when
you're sitting in Russia.
The Atlanta Thrashers are like playing for the Montreal Canadiens
if you're sitting in Russia.
I'll take any sort of American food and National Hockey League lifestyle.
I don't care where it is when you talk about Russia.
But still, Atlanta was the Russian team of the NHL.
I mean, I remember Colby Armstrong went there from Pittsburgh.
We were good, and he was just like,
this is the worst thing of all time right now.
Nobody cares.
Yeah, the culture was pretty tough.
It was tough sledding, without question.
But, no, the reason I brought up Russia is,
so the lockout year happened.
I didn't go anywhere.
I just stayed in Atlanta and, you know,
skated until they basically called the season at Christmas
and said, okay, we're done.
And the following season, I didn't sign anywhere.
And so basically I had moved on and said, okay, well, I've got two boys,
little kids I'm going to raise and figure out what I'm going to do with my life type thing.
And it was late October I got a call from my agent saying that uh russia it was
omsk omsk avant-garde uh they they'll give you a million bucks tax-free to go for four months
and you know i'm sitting there going you know hey a million bucks is a million bucks i don't
care who you are right and oh i'm going fuck that yeah you know like it, a million bucks is a million bucks. I don't care who you are. Right. And I'm going, fuck that. Yeah. You know, like,
like four months. Yeah. I can get in shape and I can suck this up.
You know, I mean, uh, you know,
the wife can come over once or twice and see what's going on and, you know,
we'll figure it out. And, uh, so, uh, I,
so I signed a contract and I,
I flew 12 hour flight from Atlanta direct to Moscow,
jumped on another flight, which was Aeroflat, which is the Russian airline,
which what a terrible name for an airline.
But so three hours straight into Siberia, and so that's Omsk, right?
And it was the worst 30 days of my life.
So I'll try and make this story as short as possible
because I was going to write a book about this one day.
It's got a little bit of James Bond and everything in it.
So I show up there and my stepdad actually met everything in it. But so I show up there and, and my, my stepdad actually met me in
Moscow. He said he would come over and, you know, check it all out with me, which I thought was
pretty cool. So I met him in Moscow and both of us jumped on this flight, got into, into Siberia
and they had a stay at the army barracks for the first couple of days until I found a place to live.
So, you know, my first, you know, look at Russia is I'm staying in these army barracks,
these cots, and, you know, just bizarre.
So I ended up getting a little apartment right across the street from the rink,
which was perfect.
a little apartment right across the street from the rink, which was perfect. And, and, uh,
there was, uh, Norm Miracle was, was the goaltender there. And Vitaly Yakovlev,
who I played with in LA, those are the only two English speaking guys on the team.
Everyone else is Russian. All the coaches are Russian who spoke no English I had an interpreter who was a girl who had gone to University of Vermont for four years and so she would you know get get get me through the day when
they're you know teaching teaching you stuff or whatever the coaches are saying and so I had I
played the first couple games you know it was fine was fine. You know, we won, whatever.
And then I went out for the next game, and I tweaked my groin.
And, you know, when you tweak your groin, it's like, okay, you know,
it's not pulled, but if I push it, I could be out for a while.
So I skated over the bench, and this is in a warm-up.
I'm supposed to be playing,
and I told the trainer in my broken Russian that, hey, I got a bad groin, I can't play,
you know, and so he's like, well, no, you have to play, I said, well, no, I'm not,
so I go to the dressing room, and so they send me to the doctors, And I don't know if you guys like horror movies.
I love watching horror movies.
You see those hospitals that are like, you know, the lights are half broken and the white tiles actually like coffee stains.
Looks like an asylum.
That's where I was.
They sent me to an asylum.
And so I go in and I'm just like, this is nuts. So the doctor checks me out. Again,
I don't get any feedback. I don't know what's going on. So, you know, basically I say to him,
okay, so I got a, you know, sore groin, you know, a couple of days, ice it up. I should be good to
go. Right. And the docs was like, yep, yep, yep. So next day I go to the rink and the president
of the organization,
this guy that walked around in this funky suit with a mustache,
he calls me into his office.
So I go in and he doesn't allow the interpreter with me.
And he puts a contract in front of me that's all written in Russian.
And he says, you sign.
And I said, okay, no, I'm not signing something I can't read.
You know, can the interpreter read this for me? He's like, no, no, you sign. So I said, no, I'm not signing something I can't read. Can the interpreter read this for me?
He's like, no, no, you sign.
So I said, well, I'm not signing.
So he let the interpreter look at it.
So what they had done is the doctor had said that I had a bad groin
before I even got there, and I was going to be out for a long time,
and so they wanted to do the million-dollar salary
and reduce it to 400,000.
So, again, Wits, you've been to Russia.
When you're there and you're mentally going,
okay, I'm here for four months.
I know how much I'm making every day.
I can stomach it for that.
But then they pull the rug out from under you and say,
we're going to give you two and a half times less than what you're mentally there's no there's no rules there they just they just do what they
want so basically and that's what the interpreter said she said if you don't sign it byron they're
gonna they're they're not gonna give you a dime and i now i've been there almost a month now and
so you know i'm expecting my they pay you every month, right? I'm expecting the first check.
And so she's like, they won't, they won't give you a dime. So I got,
I was pissed. And so I said, okay, fine. So I signed it in front of him,
you know, shook his hand. Yup. Okay. Awesome, buddy. Yup. Here you go.
And I went back to my apartment, called my wife and I said,
I'm coming home tomorrow is payday. I'm going to wire you the
funds. Once it hits our Atlanta account, let me know. Cause then I'm getting on a flight and I'm
getting out of here. And so I got my paycheck, which was pro prorated to, you know, 400 of
instead of a million for one month. And I i uh sent it over to our our account and
my wife said yeah it's there i said okay well i'll see you in in 24 hours and if i don't
something went really wrong and so what i did is like i didn't tell anybody what i was doing
except for the interpreter and she had her husband pick me up and i went over in the middle of the
night to the rink went and took all my uh gear because i didn't want to leave my gear there
and and i just made my stall look like you know i still had stuff there so that because i we were
playing the next day and i was supposed to play and so i got all my stuff back to the apartment
oh and this is the James Bond part.
I kid you not, I'm walking down the hallway after I packed up my gear.
And, you know, it's the middle of the night.
There's no one there.
And as I'm walking down the hallway, all of a sudden I see the president come walking.
You know, he's in his suit with a funky mustache.
And I literally, like, dodge into a broom closet.
And he walks by.
He doesn't see me.
And so, you know, you got to remember, guys, we're're in russia like who the hell knows what could happen right and i end up uh getting all my
stuff get back to the apartment the guy picks me up in the morning i go to the airport get on the
plane fly to moscow and then i've got to change airports to get to an international airport
to fly fly to Atlanta so when I get land in in Moscow my phone is blowing up because now it's
like you know 10 in the morning the guys are like where are you at pregame skate you know what's
going on you know this that and I'm just I'm ignoring all calls and so i get to uh take a
cab over to the international airport go into the immigration or sorry check in at delta and you
know give my passport you know my flight's ready to go you're all good as i'm walking to go to
immigration the guy is like mr defoe mr defoe and like i was gonna crap my pants right then and
there i thought you know you're you're done and i turn around and what i've done is i'd left my
my ticket on the counter right go back grab the ticket go through immigration got this army dude
with an m16 sitting there that's my big one get through there they they stamp my passport
now i'm into delta so i'm feeling pretty good my phone's still blowing up people are freaking out
i'm just thinking they're gonna you know call the the armed guard and grab me and uh i end up
getting on the flight and and so this is december 1st so it's cold there. So I'm still not
feeling good until I know we're in the air.
So we're backing up
heading down the runway
all of a sudden the captain comes on and goes
we're going to be pulling in
for a de-ice because their wings are frozen.
So I'm just like
oh my god, you've got to be kidding me.
It's like the movie Argo.
You just wait until it comes off the ground.
Seriously.
Like, I'm not making any of this shit up, I'm telling you.
And so, you know, we sit there for 10 minutes.
I'm just freaking out, sweating away, you know.
And finally, we get on the runway, you know, ripping down there, take off,
get up in the air.
I'm in first class, and the Stew stewie comes up and i'm like i need a double jack right now and that was it man i never looked
back after that i'm never going back to russia you had a defect from russia and you're not even
russian for christ sake all because the khl bait and switched you you know what that is it's the wild wild west over there man like i you know some guys i think
have pretty good experiences but uh you know it's just uh we'll put it this way so you remember
sergey samson off right oh yeah he was a good good buddy of mine in in boston and and he played over there in the lockout year, and he quit.
He's Russian.
That's how bad it is.
Well, Byron, we want to thank you for coming on.
And surprisingly, I thought Robert Bertuzzo would never be beat
for the you-knows dropped in an interview.
And we have some loyal followers and you know,
we're going to get a, you know, count going. So good luck.
Cause once it's all added up, you might in fact have the title,
take it away from Robert Bortuzzo.
I'll take it. I'll take, I've been out of practice, you know,
there you go. Thanks again, Byron. Thanks so much for coming on coming on man it was a real pleasure to talk to you
that interview was also brought to you by The Tragically Hip.
For 30 years, The Tragically Hip has resided at the heart of the Canadian musical zeitgeist
for evoking a strong emotional connection between their music and their fans,
which remains unrivaled in this country.
Rob Baker, Gordon Downey, Johnny Faye, Paul Langlois, and Gord Sinclair
grew up in Kingston, Ontario, and have achieved the enviable status of a band
that enjoys both mass popularity with over 8 million albums sold worldwide, as well as the recognition of
peers through numerous accolades, including 14 Juno Awards. The Tragically Hip continually
released and toured the world over the course of their career. Most recently, the band members were
named as recipients of the Order of Canada. The Tragically Hip concluded a cross-Canada tour in 2016
following the release of their final studio album, Man, Machine, Poem.
The final date on the Man, Machine, Poem tour from their hometown
was broadcast live nationally on radio, television, and online
and was the second most viewed program in Canadian history,
only surpassed by the 2010 Olympic gold medal hockey game.
The documentary film of the tour,
longtime run-in premiered at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival.
Listen to This is the Tragically Hip on Spotify.
Once again, big thanks to Byron Defoe for joining us.
Like I said a few minutes ago, he's a guy I enjoyed watching years ago, so it's always cool to catch up with these guys years later here on Chicklet.
So glad to hear he's doing well.
A couple little small news items.
Witt, you already mentioned the Norris Trophy finalists, Brent Burns,
Giordano, and Hedman, the three of them.
We also learned who the Vesna finalists were.
No surprise here.
Bishop, Lehner, and Vasilevsky.
The other big story, Stevie Wye, as everyone's known for seemingly years now,
has finally gone to Detroit to take all their general manager duties.
So that's kind of your off-ice news going on.
Biz, what do you got shaking? You're always up to no good.
Well,
I was kind of surprised that Witt was
shocked when they announced that he was
going to become general manager. I just thought
when he left as
general manager for the Lightning
that it was inevitable that he was going to end up being...
No, I wasn't shocked.
I wasn't shocked. What I said was this kid wrote me like the night before or whatever.
It was like, hey, he's getting named tomorrow.
And that hadn't been named yet.
He was getting named tomorrow.
Oh, okay.
And I was like, I don't know what this guy's talking about.
And then the next day it actually did come out.
I was like, oh, I would have tweeted it.
Oh, so what you were a little confused at was how quickly it happened maybe?
Like did you think that he was going to get named maybe like not until next year?
I didn't know when it would go down because I didn't
I wasn't sure if Ken Holland's contract was up.
I mean, everyone figured this is what was going to happen.
But, no, I don't know.
I don't really know.
I just was kind of waiting.
I hadn't heard anything yet.
Nobody had.
So I think everyone figured it was the case.
But to not hear news, I mean, I guess it was the worst kept secret in Detroit, right?
Like everyone knew it was going to happen.
It was just a matter of time.
But it's pretty crazy to see him go back there.
It's cool.
And Steve Eisenman, this guy's a living legend.
It's the guy who, I mean, he won the Conn Smythe on one knee.
He literally couldn't get up and down the stairs on the plane.
I mean, just incredible pain threshold, I've been told, by former teammates.
The highest people I've ever witnessed.
Just one of the greatest competitors of all time, a Hall of Famer.
Funny guy, too.
Cleary was telling me that he says that Cleary's the reason he didn't get 700 goals
because Bear was his center his final season.
So you just  I mean, the other thing Cleary was telling me was hilarious.
He goes, I was playing golf the other day.
I was at Oakland.
I was practicing, and I was chipping and putting on the green on the 18th green
by myself, and Eisenman comes zooming by in a golf cart with his wife,
and Bear's like, I didn't even really realize, so I don't pay attention.
All of a sudden, he yells out,
aren't you supposed to be developing players?
Because that's good.
So I guess if you're a funny guy, like, try it.
I mean, it doesn't seem like, you know, like he's like a loud humor type guy,
but, you know, leaves a lot.
I think just leaves people excited that he's back in Detroit.
Oh, absolutely.
Gives them hope.
I mean, they're one of the worst teams in the league this year.
They had a decent finish, but he gets a blank canvas there.
And if he's able to construct another dynasty, to me,
he'll single-handedly be the greatest person to go from being a player
and his relevance as a player to not only shifting it to
management. Well, you know, you haven't seen a lot of legends go back to like run the teams that
they've played for be successful. No, because they've already painted their Mona Lisa. They
want to go enjoy the rest of their life. Like why? Like, like, no, no, I no offense to the decision
that Stevie, why me? But if I made as much money as him, you'd never fucking see me again.
I'd be in Hawaii getting sucked.
My dick sucked off the torso every day by some stranger.
Come on.
You can tell the job means a lot to him because who voluntarily moves
from Southwest Florida to Detroit as well?
Well, there's another thing.
And another thing we got to mention is Grinnelli made up some shirts.
And it says, I'm back, bitches, with number 19 and a C on the front.
So go check those out at the store.
R.A., who are these girls you've been hanging out with on Twitter?
Not a big deal.
A couple of listeners of the show, they invited me for a pregame shot.
And I had some time before the show, so I met them at Sully's Tap and did a little Jamo.
I'm not a big Jamison guy, but I did a shot of Jamo.
They're actually from California.
They moved to Minnesota.
I think one of them was meeting their boyfriend there,
so I went out and hung out with them for a few.
It's always great to meet our listeners, male, female, whatever.
I don't discriminate.
Well, a lot better when there's smoke shows and they're buying the shots.
Yeah, as opposed to some weirdo.
I'm usually in a hallway smoking a joint when I'm usually meeting my listeners.
So it was nice to meet some hotties and do some shots with them.
Speaking of our listeners, I got a text today from Officer Ross Yandel.
Grinnelli, this involves you.
Hey, Whit, if Grinnelli doesn't send me a song shirt soon,
the next time he shows up at the grand or any bar in Boston,
besides the greatest bar, he's getting arrested.
So I don't, I think you told me you were going to send stuff before.
So I sent like 15 to Keith.
I didn't send any to him.
So that's, that's on me.
And I will accept the arrest.
If, if I do not say he'll drag you, he'll be dragging you down.
He'll tie you to the paddy wagon.
He'll be riding circles around the se'll tie you to the paddy wagon.
He'll be riding circles around the seaport with you dragging behind the car.
What a video that would be though.
Me getting ripped out of the grand by, by him.
And I would just be yelling song.
Then I'd have to pick up the tab again.
I have a question.
Ruffin rowdy was this past weekend.
What number was that?
Ruffin rowdy eight or nine?
Eight. Eight.
Eight.
So Spider ended up getting choked out in the crowd.
What happened?
There was just a fight, and he just happened to, you know,
be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
I think he tried to step in and break it up,
and a cop ran over and threw him in a chokehold.
So this fight, so Grinnelli and I had the bet, right?
Yep.
Mike, shut up.
Listeners, let me get your opinion.
Grinnelli has a fighter.
I have a fighter, okay?
Before the fight, Grinnelli's fighter backs out.
I win, okay?
Somebody filled in for your scumbag fighter and beat my guy. Your guy didn't beat my guy. I win. Okay. Somebody filled in for your scumbag fighter and beat my guy.
Your guy didn't beat my guy.
I won.
And you actually wrote me.
Hey,
wait,
you're my guy backed out.
You won.
And then all of a sudden I see you on Twitter.
I didn't even know there was a replacement going.
I went,
I went Grinnelly.
You lost your guy.
Didn't fight.
See,
that's what I thought as well. But then I received a text from Devlin who was at rough and rowdy,
who said I won. So he said text from Devlin who was at Ruff and Rowdy who said, I won.
Who the fuck? Devlin,
shut up.
What do you mean he won? He had a guy that
didn't fight. You didn't win shit.
And I think the listeners are going to be on my side.
But you lost.
No, I didn't because my guy versus
your guy, I won no decision
or whatever it's called.
What is it called? Only in Ruff and Rowdy would they make him fight another guy or whatever it's called uh uh uh what is it called when you're only in
rough and rowdy would they make him fight another guy if it's regular boxing that guy gets the win
it's over there yeah i i would say it's a wash where i won't take the win there but i ain't
fucking doing shit for you i would if i was with see i would rule it no action because the the bet
was you know your fighter versus his fighter so if one fighter isn't there, then that just nullifies
the bet. Nobody wins, nobody loses because
you made the bet unless you amended
it and said, okay, this is the new guy and we're still going to
continue the action. But if you bet each guy
has a guy and one guy doesn't show, then it should
just be no action. Rip the ticket up.
I think that's fair. I think that's very fair.
Okay. I'm pretty sure that's
what Vegas does.
Compromise is when both sides
are left unfulfilled.
So, I agree.
I agree as well.
I'll be a fucking bookie
judge from now on. Hey, guys,
real quick, I want to talk to you for a second about
SeatGeek. As we know, buying
tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
As you know, I've had the SeatGeek app on my phone for ages.
It's by far the easiest way I've used to shop for tickets.
I used it the other night.
Friday, got my Bruins Leafs tickets.
Boom, I got hooked up.
A few taps, and I was all set because SeatGeek saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices and find deals.
Every purchase is fully guaranteed, so you can shop confidently.
You want to spend a lot of money?
Tell them.
They'll hook you up.
You want to be a cheap skinflint?
They'll hook you up there as well.
So make SeatGeek your go-to app to find the best deals on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 10 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code
hockey for ten dollars off your first seat geek purchase seat geek right seat right now right from
your phone uh what else uh fucking biz any other crazy wackadoodle stories you got for us oh i got
a pretty wild story i don't know how many people are still listening because we've been going pretty
long all right want a table because i went to victoria and it reminded me of this wild story that when uh
we were it was during the lockout and Max Talbot was throwing these games in Quebec I think he
threw about five or six charity games through that lockout and I ended up flying out there to go
playing too and this was uh I want to say it was before Canadian Thanksgiving so I fly out to Montreal playing these games I end up going two
for two I took down an absolute missile so I'm on top of the world you know these French girls man
they're dirtier than guys so I'm flying back out to Victoria and I have to connect in Vancouver
so I land in Vancouver and I have like a two two and a half hour layover so I hit up a Vancouver and I have like a two, two and a half hour layover. So I hit up a bar and I ended up grabbing a meal.
Wow. There's this nice looking lady, a little older woman next to me.
Well, we started shooting the shit. She's originally from Kelowna,
lives in California now.
She's going back up to Kelowna for Canadian Thanksgiving and you know,
just start shooting the shit and we can, we,
we start hitting it off and there's a number exchange and you know,
talks turned a little bit sexual.
So I signed up my bill and I said the bar in the airport at the bar in the
airport.
So I ended up signing my bill.
I said,
why don't you let me walk you over to your gate?
And as we're walking over,
I say,
Hey,
let's go have sex in that handicap bathroom over there.
And she's like,
you're bad.
And I said,
I fucking know.
I said,
let's go.
You got no, Hey, you got no idea i'm handicapped you have no idea so so here's the here's the problem with the story obviously
some people would be like dude that's ridiculous you went in the handicapped bathroom it was one
that was like tucked away where yes if somebody would have came knocking in order to use it i
would have felt bad but it was one of those ones it was like a family one too where you could have
went like change the diapers so whatever guys i'm i'm obviously have a sickness
here i'm a horny guy so i ended up bringing her this in this bathroom and absolutely beating the
wheels off her and as in sex some of you people might get offended by that as well and as as i'm
about to blow she's like come all over me and take a picture. So I came all over her.
Dude, shut the fuck up. I swear to God, I still have her number on my phone.
And it was insane.
I ended up texting all my buddies like, dude, you would never guess what just happened.
Oh, bitch, you used the jizz filter?
Yeah.
All right, you are a fucking clown.
I love it. But yeah got a i got a notch in
the airport that was uh that was a wild one of the wild stories i had from from my my crazy days
man that's phenomenal yeah i mean that's just like but you know you got the tats you're all
ripped up and you're sitting there and she's already loving you and then you you know when
you say that she's like this is this is a man that like i probably yeah like i get my
rocks off just like a bad fucking she probably thought you were a criminal i i get my rocks
off at doing things in in weird situations like you know i need that oh you don't say
well yeah i mean so i mean all right would you fuck a girl in an airport
fuck yeah oh yeah i mean that's the type of shit i used to do all the time when i was young
dumb and full of cum in my 20s i would do all that stuff i i love these stories because i was
kind of like you when i was younger until i settled down like i i remember when i was driving
home with two stranger bros i didn't even know them and like what i was hitting on one girl she
wanted nothing to do with me and then it was me and the other girl left and she's like here drive my car i'm drunk and she put on a cd and i i knew
everywhere in the cd it was arrowsmith she's like oh my god you like arrowsmith i'm like only old
shit she's like turned on by that next thing i know i'm like in her fucking house getting bit
first time i've get bit by a girl in bed it's just like random shit like driving home from a
bar with two strangers next thing i know i'm fucking going out of it you should be an uber driver like on the side you would be on you would have yeah you
would actually oh if you picked me up though i'd be like fucking i was just thinking that all right
all right did you like when she bit you did it get you going it was wild dude i was i'd never been
bit before in the rack and i was you know on top of her and i was like oh that was like a fucking
mouse in the apartment or something she bit me me right on my chest. I was like,
all right.
Would you let a girl eat your ass?
I mean, I have. So
I guess, yeah, I mean,
don't draw any conclusions. It's not my old
lady. I wouldn't have fucking married her if she did.
See, that's where I draw
the line. It's like, I know I like that. So
I might have to marry someone who does do it. I mean,
I ain't saying Monday through Friday.
When we're in Vegas
and a couple tequila shots
get a little crazy, maybe a couple
Dolly Partons in us as well.
This is unbelievable.
Biz needs to be in Vegas
doing tequila to get his ass eaten.
Biz gets his ass eaten.
He has to be in Vegas
to drink a tequila.
No, no. At Rough and Rowdy. No, he has to be in Vegas to drink a tequila. No, no, no, no.
This could have been at Rough and Rowdy who would have had someone eating his ass.
Time out.
This raises a different conversation.
There's things that I would do with a girl where it's a strictly sexual relationship
than I would want to do with my girlfriend.
Like, I'm not  you know what I'm saying?
Like, you don't treat them like a farm animal.
You can't have your chick eat your hoop every
night before bed.
Hey, did you put the kids down? Alright, time to eat my ass.
Come on here.
Let's not get in front of a fire hydrant
though beforehand for a good hoop cleaning.
No. You need to come use
my toilet.
By the way, that toilet's like broken.
It's the biggest lemon. I bought a lemon toilet.
Have I ever...
What, Biz?
All right.
Have you ever let a girl piss on you?
No.
Never was into water sports.
No.
No.
And the thing, the ass-eating...
How are people into that?
During an orgy, too, Biz.
I watched this documentary on this crazy guy,
and he would have chick shit in his mouth.
Yeah, I'm going now.
I haven't watched Game of Thrones yet.
This is enough.
Listeners, I love you.
With the shit in the mouth got me.
It's 12.20 on Monday.
I'm playing in a golf tournament in like 10 hours.
Love you guys.
Hey, listen.
I draw the line at a urine on my foot, but that's about it.
That's fucking great.
That's as crazy as I'm getting.
No, what an ending.
What an ending.
All right, everyone, listen, have a great week.
We've got a couple of Game 7s we'll be discussing later on.
Enjoy the playoffs, and we're going to wrap it up tonight.
I think we've gone long enough yet.
We'll see you on a moonlight ride
There's someone I
used to see
but she don't give a damn
for me
Well let me get to the point
Let's roll another joint
Turn the radio to loud
I'm too alone to be proud
And you don't know how it feels
You don't know how it feels
