Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 170 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
In the thick of the playoffs, in the midst of all these Game 7s, great time, great time.
Let's say hi to the boys. Get crackin' here. Ryan Whitney, what is going on, brother?
Not much, actually. Watching Game 7, Washington versus Carolina right now.
And Ajo just made it 2-1. So I'm excited, boys. We got a lot to talk about here.
This is another action-packed Game 7 we got going.
The NHL is alive. We are alive.
I am just going poor.
I'll get to a little
gambling chatter later. Biz, what's going on, brother?
You're back home, right?
Back in Arizona, and holy shit,
that game on Tuesday might have been the
craziest hockey game I've ever seen.
We will get to that in about, what,
15, 20 minutes.
But let's say hi to our boy, Mikey, first.
Producer Mikey Gridley in New York City.
What's up, brother?
What's up, boys?
The Bruins moved on, so I'm a happy camper.
I'm still broke, but I'm happy.
I'm happy broke.
Didn't you bet them for the series?
I did, but I had Vegas alternate puck line last night,
and that really fucked me.
Oh, God.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
But, yeah, Boston, Toronto, man, wow.
Thanks in large part to Tuca Rask.
Hopefully he'll shut some people up.
The Bees beat the Leafs 5-1 Tuesday here in Boston
to capture the first-round series between the two.
The game was much closer than the score.
The Bees got a couple empty netters.
And anybody who had the under, I have sympathy for you, Bergeron.
2.8 seconds left to put the game over.
They didn't even drop the puck for a face-off
after. Did you notice that, Witts?
No. I mean, why would you?
It's unusual that it happens.
I thought, honestly, the Leafs
outplayed the Bruins for a fair amount of the game
last night. They certainly did enough to win,
but ironically, it was Rask who made
the saves when he needed to, and Freddie
who didn't. That first goal to Nordstrom, he's got to make that save right there.
And, you know, you give the lead up in a game seven,
that's huge momentum.
Biz, what's your take on the game?
Yeah, I mean, Rask outplayed Anderson.
You know, my heart goes out to Anderson.
That was a tough first one to give up.
And thankfully the Leafs overall reeled it back in.
I thought the first period was was pretty
even overall even though Boston did go up to nothing in the second period though the Leafs
just they they put Boston on the ropes Boston had no answer um and and Toronto was just they were
rolling four lines and it was working um Ennis was buzzing. He ended up setting up Tavares early on in that second period
to get that score to 2-1.
And if not for Rask, boys, as you mentioned, he had a ton of haters.
You tweeted something out after basically saying,
hey, where are the haters at now?
Rask is a big reason why they're moving on,
and he rose up to the occasion, Whit.
Guys, guys, guys. From 1969
until
yesterday,
Boston's played Toronto
in six series in the playoffs.
They've won all six.
It's the longest consecutive
series win
versus one opponent in NHL history.
It's actually tied with Edmonton
over Winnipeg Phoenix organization
from 83 to now.
But these Toronto Maple Leafs, they can't beat the Bruins.
I mean, I can't imagine being a Maple Leafs fan.
And last year, you know, you see, all right, our team looks good.
The Bruins are really good.
God, they have our number.
We're going in.
Heartbreaking fashion, game seven.
They lose.
Well, what do they do?
They go out and they make maybe the best free agent signing in league history
or one of the biggest in John Tavares this summer.
All right, we got the same club back, and we're adding Johnny T.
And the Bruins didn't do a ton this summer, did they, fellas?
And we got them now.
We got them.
And as the season went along, you know,
they played some great games back and forth. We got them. We got them. Nope, you don't got them. We got them. And as the season went along, you know, they played some great games back and forth.
We got them.
We got them.
Nope, you don't got them.
You got nothing.
Nothing's changed.
Right now, as a Toronto Maple Leafs fan, you got to be disgusted.
I feel sorry for them.
I really do because they got a lot of people who just love hockey there.
The Leafs are loved and hated all throughout North America, but the fans are passionate, and they have to watch the same team
pound their team every time the chips are on the table.
We had another game seven, Boston-Toronto, and they got worked.
And, yeah, it was way closer than 5-1.
And, R.A., you make great points that Toronto had a lot of momentum,
especially in the second.
But in the end, they didn't get it done.
And I'll tell you right now,
Austin Matthews playing 18 and a half minutes or whatever it was.
What the fuck is that?
What is that?
Am I, am I taking crazy pills?
The guy is on the biggest heater I've ever seen.
People said, ah, there's some,
maybe some playoff stumbles for Austin Matthews.
What'd he do? He came out buzzing in this series. ever seen. People said, ah, there's some, maybe some playoff stumbles for Austin Matthews. What
did he do? He came out buzzing in this series. He looked incredible. And he plays 18 and a half
minutes. Zach Hyman played like 10 seconds less than him, whatever it was. What the, what is going
on? Play your horses, bro. Get him out there. Get that guy going. He's feeling it. And so there's
just so many other thoughts on that game tuka
rask what an effort i mean you gotta be you gotta look at that guy and say that nothing he nothing
he can do until he wins a cup will make the bruins fans and the tuka haters happy it's it that that
is for sure until he wins a cup there will always be the people that say hey he's not that good he
can't win us a cup tim thomas played out of his mind the best hockey in a bubble.
He caught the best hockey he could ever imagine playing,
and he led the Bruins to a Stanley Cup, and Tuukka Rask gets punished for it.
And Game 7 was a big time showing for him.
I was happy for him knowing him, and he deserved it.
So the Bruins move on, and Toronto Maple Leafs fans
must be a depressed bunch of losers right now.
And we'll briefly touch on the Rask
comments by Bruce Cassidy,
RA. I thought that was pretty cool of Cassidy
to kind of, you know, acknowledge the fact that
he knows it's a city that's very hard
on people when they don't play well, but
it's time for them to acknowledge the fact that he
did play well in that game seven.
Absolutely. Cassidy's such a breath
of fresh air, especially compared to Julian.
Not against Julian.
He just didn't give anything to the press.
He also made a big point of acknowledging Julian Edelman
chugging the beer in the luxury box,
who, by the way, I got to meet in the luxury box
at the same time, a little bit after that happened
with Portnoy.
I sat with Dave for the game seven,
two years in a row we sat together.
We got another victory last night, too.
It was good luck charm.
You're Davey Boy's good luck charm.
You might be mine.
Are you a Team Portnoy guy now because of that or what?
I'm not a Team Portnoy guy.
I mean, I'm not going to wear a sweatsuit and fucking, like,
bow to him like those folks do.
But, I mean, me and Dave, we got along fine.
We had a good time.
I'll tell you, man, walking around the garden with him,
it's like being behind a celebrity.
We were kind of in single file as we were going down to Edelman's box.
And, like, we got, like, the security escort and everything. Like like they came up to him like dave mr edelman would like to
visit his box so he brought me with him and like literally as i'm walking behind him every head is
turning like people yelling prez prez prez it's it's fucking hilarious walking around with him
in boston all right was um edelman asking you for style tips um he did it's funny enough he had a
jersey on last night not me no he didn't ask me for style tips but i did. It's funny enough. He had a jersey on last night, not me.
No, he didn't ask me for style tips, but I did thank him.
I showed him a screenshot of my 10,000 winning from the Super Bowl.
I told him.
I said, thanks. No way.
Cabbage.
He goes, yeah, where's my cut?
You had him for MVP?
Edelman for MVP?
Yeah.
I forgot about that.
Holy shit.
Did he ask you for a cut of the winnings?
He goes, where's my cut?
Yeah, we had a couple laughs.
You said, get me a supermodel notch, and then we'll talk.
Yeah, seriously.
Just give me something you can fucking work through.
He's like, no, dude, I know this one that loves Aerosmith.
If you still know the songs, if you still know the words to that song,
I got her.
Careful, she bite.
Hey, did you bet the game?
You know what?
I didn't because I already had them for the series.
Yeah, that's what my buddy said, too.
I had them for the cup. And then, in fact my buddy said too. I had them for the cup.
And then if I lose, now I'm compounding my losses by another nickel
because that's probably when we're going to bet on them.
So I just laid off it.
What about Dave?
I don't think he did anything.
He might be retired.
He's a bigger loser than I am gambling.
And boys, of course, the storyline in Toronto,
media likes to point the finger.
Babcock is taking some heat for his stubbornness. I mentioned it even before the game about how you know he likes to roll four lines
somebody had an interesting tweet at when uh he was with um with Detroit I want to say it was
this uh their their second cup run when uh they split with Pittsburgh that um you know their fourth
line had played only one shift less than the Datsuk line in that whole game, in game seven.
I mean, I'd have to go back and find the tweet,
but it was just interesting to hear, you know, once again,
that Babcock's stubbornness might have cost them a series win.
Whatever.
I'm nor here nor there about it.
Of course, the Gardner tweets were rolling out at the fact that, you know,
once again in a game seven, a big game, he did go go minus three i don't know how many of those were on the
empty nets uh but uh it seems as if though his time in toronto may be finished there's articles
coming out that are pro gardeners saying they should keep him around oh he's gone right no and
that's fine everyone's going to have their opinion on the media side. But other than that, I mean, some other comments,
maybe JT didn't bring it as much as they'd hoped.
Obviously, scoring in that game seven probably took a little bit
extra pressure off from how that series is over.
So things in Toronto should be interesting moving forward.
As far as Boston's concerned um an interesting stat here they're
going to end up going against columbus and uh and there's going to be a few teams actually who
swept as in the islanders and columbus who are now going to play a team uh that has gone to seven
games three times in the 21st century has a team coming off the sweep met a team that just went seven games in the playoffs.
All three times the team that just went seven games beat the team that swept.
So that's a very interesting stat moving forward.
I know we have some picks to make, but overall,
any more opinions or comments on that series?
Of course, Kadri, the suspension there may come into effect
considering Coyle had such a good series for Boston.
I know we were a little skeptical
about him coming into playoffs because
at the deadline all the way to the end
of the season, he wasn't really
contributing offensively. But all
of a sudden, playoffs hits and that's seven games,
three goals and assists, and that's a
big-time performance from a kid from Boston.
Oh, he was fabulous.
Handsome, handsome bastard, too.
He played great.
Three goals.
He looked awesome.
And I also want to mention, the same way we talked about Nashville's power play,
just killing them, getting to the playoffs,
well, the Bruins just pulled off the sixth highest power play percentage
in one series since 1977.
Forty-three percent they were in the first round.
Seven goals on 16 attempts, I believe it was.
So that's what special teams can do, man.
You know, they can carry you.
And so it was great of Boston to kind of show up on that end.
And, I mean, yeah, there's not much else to say about this series besides right now, Toronto is just knowing they got no meaningful hockey until a year from now
because they're going to get in the playoffs.
And it's another season of we're going to have to play the goddamn Bruins.
And I'm going to play devil's advocate.
I don't think Babcock did as bad as a job coaching in that series
as everyone's making out to be.
I thought they were very prepared for that game.
Seven didn't take any penalties in that game.
They outshot and outhit Boston.
As we mentioned, if Rask doesn't show up to play, boys,
I think that's the Leafs game.
I had them in seven.
I was happy with my pick.
I was happy with the way they played.
But unfortunately, I've been getting throttled on my series picks.
One other note on Jake Godden.
I think that Godden's his personal house of horrors.
He's the only Leaf that was on the 13, 18, and 19 teams. Not only did he lose all three game sevens,
he was on the ice for the decisive game-winning goal at all three of those two. So that guy,
he's probably never going to want to fucking go back to Toronto. Also, another guy I thought
we didn't see enough of or didn't really do a lot was Nylander. I mean, the only real play I
really remembered from him was when he had that misplay in game two and it ended up in his own net.
I thought he should have done a lot more, especially after his holdout.
He's probably under a bit more of a microscope.
And Marcus Johansson, he's a guy who struggled a little bit during the series.
He's a talented guy, but he ended up scoring that goal last night.
It probably maybe swing his playoffs around front,
give him a jolt of confidence.
So I'm interested to see what he does moving forward.
As far as Johansson, he did have an illness halfway through the series.
I don't know if it was a stomach virus or something,
so that'll always throw a guy off for a week or 10 days.
So I'm going to give him the pass.
But once again, big goal.
I think he had the game winner last night or on Tuesday night, did he not?
Second goal, yeah.
Second goal, ended up being the game winner.
And to me, that was the undercover steal of the deadline so hopefully he picks it up and and makes me look somewhat
intelligent as far as the neil andrew situation i i've been hard on him and listen there's nothing
no ill will towards him but when you're going to hold out for for that type of money not having
proven anything in playoffs and and i know that's right that's market value now and you can make every analytical argument you want but i didn't see fucking shit last year in playoffs
that would tell me that this guy's a guy that i want around for a long period of time and a guy
that i want to pay seven million bucks a year and once again he showed me everything that i thought
i knew about him now he's still young i hope that he he has a good off season comes back and battles back hard
because if he puts out another playoff performance like that I would assume he's going to be on the
way out but who the I mean other than who's going to want that that salary cap hit the the average
salary of seven million a year when when a guy can't get you over the hump he ain't a playoff
guy and that's exactly what he showed me And I've said that about other guys before.
And he's going to be that until he shows me differently.
So I know that that might rub some Toronto Maple Leafs guys the wrong way
and think that I'm picking on one of their boys.
But all I care about when I'm playing on a team
is whether a guy's helping me win or a guy's helping me lose.
And if he ain't helping me win, I mean, don't take it personally.
Glad he got paid.
Glad he got his money, as I always say about every guy.
But fuck, man.
When the push came to shove, I don't know.
He ain't there.
Guys, to our audience, we were able to get Mike Commodore last minute, boy.
Should we send it over to Commie?
He had some good stuff on there.
Yes, yes, yes.
Well, folks, you heard our opinion on
the toronto boston series and now we brought in our hockey insider mike commodore he's on the line
commie uh what'd you think overall that uh seven game series you know i thought it was a fantastic
series i thought the boston bruins played great i thought toronto played well too but they're just
missing some leadership at the top.
I mean, the coaching just isn't up to snuff.
But other than that, it was a great series.
The better team won.
What mistakes did he make, Babcock, this series,
if you think he made mistakes?
Look, I'm going to be totally honest.
That guy makes me so sick I can't even watch the league games.
So what I would do, and the few ones where I do have to watch during the season
and the playoffs a little bit, when it's on the TV at a bar, let's say,
they always win, so I don't watch.
But what I would do is after the game I'd kind of look at the stats
and do and kind of look on Twitter a little bit.
It seems like, anyways, from what I'm reading, that, I mean,
I don't think he was playing Matthews enough.
That's kind of five on five or whatever.
That seems to be kind of a thing in game seven.
I mean, the kid had five goals in seven games, didn't he?
And how is he not out there like one of your leading guys out there
on even strength?
Like he should be one of your leading ice time guys, period.
But that seems to be kind of the big thing with him.
Other than that, I'm not sure, to be honest.
I mean, so your only opinion on Babcock throughout that series was'm not sure to be honest. I mean, that's so your own, your only, uh,
your only opinion on Babcock throughout that series was maybe time
management for certain guys.
I would say,
yeah.
From what I read.
Well,
some people would say,
keep in mind,
I can't watch the fucking game.
It makes me too sick,
but some people say,
go,
go ahead.
Well,
no,
some people were,
were,
were saying that the fourth line was one of their best lines last
night and Ennis was on it.
And that's why they kept pumping them out there.
Right.
I did hear that the fourth line,
that maybe you saw the fourth line on the ice a little bit too much.
And hey, look, I'm all for playing the fourth line a little bit too much.
I mean, the Flames' fourth line was their best line too.
They were out in five.
I mean, I think at some point you just got to say, you know what,
these are my best players.
I'm going to pump them out and hope for the best. mean if you want to lose you want to lose going down swinging no
i completely agree i think that the top end guys could have definitely uh used some more ice time
and especially at the fact that one of the criticisms during the regular season was the
fact that he he held them back now you would assume the reason he did that was to save their energy for playoffs but nothing
changed right it was the same basically the same amount of ice time and i i want to say that
matthews only had a few more shifts than the fourth line in that third period when it's do or die
yeah like i get it like you don't want to burn your guys out like if that's what he was doing
during the regular season towards the end,
maybe I get that.
That makes a little bit of sense.
You don't want to pump Austin Matthews and Marner and their top guys out there for 30 minutes a night leading up to the playoffs.
I understand that.
If you're saving them a little bit, I get that.
You had a playoff series.
You had your slot locked up forever.
So I understand that.
But then use them.
I mean, you would think.
I would think anyways, and I'm not a coach, but if it was me, if it was me behind the bench, I'd be like, you know what?
We need goals. These are my best players. These guys are going to be out there all the time. If
we're going to lose, we're going to lose because these guys just don't get it done. They get shut
down a bit. I'm going to gamble on my best players and not on my fourth line guys. Nothing against
the fourth liners, but that's what I would do. Kami, we know we know you know deserves get nothing to do with it in the playoffs but do you think
toronto outplayed them in the series that seems to be a popular sentiment among a lot of people
yeah i will say and i don't like well actually i got nothing against the leech so i don't find
giving them compliments uh yeah i mean i think they're better than they were last year um yeah
i do think they played better definitely than last year.
I think throughout the whole series, I don't know.
From what I read, I would say, and I watched a lot,
and I watched a lot of the highlights and stuff.
Read a lot, I should say.
Yeah, I think kind of the popular opinion was that they might have,
by and large, maybe outplayed the Bruins a little bit.
But at the end of the series, it doesn't really matter.
The Bruins won four games and the Leafs won three.
I mean, they had two.
I mean, their big shot was, I mean, you should be able to,
well, winning game seven on the road isn't easy.
But, I mean, their big opportunity was probably game six at home.
Now, I mean, you're coming home.
You got the home fans.
I mean, it's time to close it out.
And, I mean,oston's gritty what can
you say well drake showed up drake showed up to game six in toronto uh what are your thoughts on
that yeah that drake curse there might be something to it everywhere i mean he shows up if it doesn't
matter if it's like a usc fight hockey what else has he showed up to and whoever whatever he's got
on them they're done literally everything he showed up to? And whoever, whatever he's got on them, they're done. Literally everything he showed up to with the team's Jersey.
They've lost maybe one win out of all of them.
I mean,
maybe the Leafs keep,
keep the same lineup if they can.
I know they're going to,
well,
they're going to have to pay martyr and just ban that guy from the
building.
Well,
then they brought Biba to Boston,
man.
I don't know what the,
that was like doubling down on the fucking bad right there,
bringing,
bringing him in after Drake.
But another question for you, Mikey.
If it's another coach that gets knocked out in the first round three years
in a row in Toronto, is the media calling for his head right now,
or is Babcock getting a little bit of a pass here?
I think from what I hear, I've got a bunch of text messages
from guys in Toronto.
Apparently he is getting roasted, which does make me happy.
But do I think he's going to be done?
I don't think so. I know, I think his
contract's pretty front-loaded. Not that
money means anything to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They make so much money, it's ridiculous, so they don't care
about financials.
Yeah, I don't know.
I hate the guy, and I'd love to see him canned.
I'd do a backflip, my first backflip
ever, but I think
he probably gets a little benefit of the doubt,
but he better do something next year.
But I don't know what they do, like with their cap situation.
I mean, I'm assuming Mitch Meyer is going to want at least 11 million.
Tommy, I thought that you would enjoy this one.
This is a tweet James Myrtle sent out last night,
and it goes, Babcock's quote,
I think we've got a couple of guys coming that will help us up front for sure
and make us bigger up front.
And then Myrtle tweeted out, I literally have no idea who he means.
And then someone below him responded, why Leonard?
That might have been the tweet of the night.
That is funny.
Like, I don't know what else they need up front.
The thing that really bothers me with him is that, you know,
I watched a little bit of his press conference there because I had to.
I was sitting in front of a TV over at James Neal's house, and it was on,
so I'm not going to change the channel.
And he takes zero responsibility.
It's not like, well, you know what?
Yeah, maybe I could have put him out, you know,
Austin Matthews out there a little bit.
You know, maybe I could have done this a little bit different.
I'm not talking about taking all the responsibility,
but this guy's writing books about being a fucking leader
and this and that, that he's a leader of men
and all this bullshit.
And all this fucker ever does is he gets in front of the mic there
and it's like, well, you know, our players, this, and our and our you know the pucks they shot went in and yeah sure there was like a
weak goal here and there but that goaltender by and large for the series i think was pretty good
and it's just it's just deflection it's like oh it's not my fault it's this guy's fault you can't
wait to put it on somebody else which is not a fucking move of a leader i'm sorry to tell you
how how much do you think the caudry uh suspension affected
everything uh i don't know maybe a little bit i don't think i mean that caudry is it
anal charl might tear that guy's head off next year if he if he played whenever his
contract up i mean that guy's a good player. I mean, he'd be very irritating to play against.
I don't think it makes a difference, to be honest.
No.
I don't think he's a game-changer like that, personally.
Nothing against him.
I think he's a good player, but no.
Goddard or not, the Bruins win.
He's still got three more years left on his deal, so he's not going anywhere.
Yeah, you were close, though, Callme.
You were pretty close.
Almost.
Callme.
Three years, whatever.
Are you in Calgary right now, Mike?
No, I'm actually sitting in the phone booth here in the lounge in the Vancouver airport.
I'm on my way to Maui.
Westhead already lost my fucking golf clubs.
I'm not even pissed about it because I'm sure I'll get them tomorrow.
But I flew from Calgary to Vancouver, put my golf clubs on the plane.
I'm starting to think that maybe Babcock's kid works for baggage claims
because how do the clubs not get on one flight, get to Vancouver?
I go to go with your customers.
They're like, yeah, your bags aren't here.
I'm like, oh, Jesus.
I'm like, all right, whatever.
Who are you going to Maui with?
Paul, I'm going to Maui with my girlfriend.
Thank you very much for asking.
It's a nice little
couple's getaway. That explains the golf clubs. You'll be spending all your time on the golf
course by yourself. I know. Well, yes, actually, if I have to, I will. I told her, she's like,
you're going to bring your clubs. I'm like, well, you know, I've never actually never been to Hawaii.
It's my second last date to get done. After this, all I have is Arkansas. I'm like, well, look,
I'm out there. I got to bring well, look, I'm out there.
I got to bring my golf clubs.
I'm just going to play it.
We're there for a week.
I'm just going to play like a round two at the most.
I'm going to get there and I'm going to be playing golf every day.
That's a wit move.
Yeah, just completely avoid the girl at all costs.
Yeah.
Well, I'll hang out with her after the sun goes down.
Did you say you're going with another couple?
Is that what you said?
No,
it's a couple,
like,
no,
a couple trip,
not couples.
There's nobody.
We don't know anybody there.
I don't anyways.
Um,
if you've never,
if you've never been Maui's,
it's absolutely gorgeous.
Hawaii is one of those places you go to and it actually exceeds expectations.
Are you,
are you a big snorkel guy?
I've never done it before in my life.
I'm actually kind of scared.
Not,
I can swim to save my life for a small distance,
but I'm not real good in the water.
I sink, but I think I'm going to try.
I heard it's unreal there.
I got to try.
Go to Honolua Bay.
I'll tweet it at you, too.
It's phenomenal.
It's a great spot.
Actually, when I talked about Calgary, before you left,
what was the mood like in Cowtown?
Was it still depressed?
Was everybody still bummed out?
Very depressed.
Very, very depressed.
It was not a good scene.
The biggest question mark going into the playoffs was Mike Smith.
Mike Smith answered the call to anybody that watched even a period of the series.
Mike Smith was unbelievable.
Everybody else, not so much.
And, yeah, that was a quick exit there were high
expectations they delayed like there's major construction due on 17th ave where that's where
all the bars are for people that haven't been there the red mile they delayed that till after
the playoff run you know because all the bars and restaurants they want to take advantage of
everybody out boozing and uh yeah you can uh get it ended up only being a nine day delay. So you can start the construction back up dreams over.
Have you talked to James Neal at all?
Yeah, I was with him yesterday.
How's he doing?
How's the morale around there?
Around James?
Well, everybody in general around James, you know what, James, his morale is good.
He knows it was a tough year.
He owned it for whoever didn't see any of his clippings or anything like that.
He owned it to the media.
He didn't make any excuses.
I actually think for James, this will be a, you know what?
I mean, it would have been great to go to the finals and have a great playoff run and
however that turned out, but it didn't happen.
I actually think it'll be a good thing for James that if they're going to be out, be
out early.
And now for the first time in a couple of years if they're going to be out be out early and now for
the first time in a couple of years he's going to have a full summer get his shit together have a
full summer workouts etc and i mean he knows that he needs to show up to calgary next training camp
in the best shape of his life and really really ready to go and i think he can do it
call me i i mean i think it was mean, I think it was so important.
I think it was so important that you just mentioned that he hasn't had any time.
I mean, you go to the cup finals a couple years in a row, dude,
your body's done, especially when you get a little older.
And the real deal, I mean, he's a great guy, right?
He's having a good time in the summer.
He deserves it.
So he needs some rest and I think he'll be flying next year.
I don't know what will be going on but it was a it was a disaster from the beginning and that just
happens occasionally wouldn't you say i would say yeah i mean look first off i mean he didn't play
well a couple things i think i'm not speaking for james but this is what i think you know what he
when he came in here and signed he thought he'd be with good draw on hand that didn't work out
peter's bringing in lynn home who we we had in Carolina so he didn't get that opportunity
that's not an excuse but that's not the greatest start and then he just looked he looked a little
bit slow pretty much all year and like I said he's realized it you know you get on the I mean
you're playing against young guys now I mean mean, you're playing against 21, 22, 23-year-olds. When you get on the other side of 30,
you got to take care of yourself a little bit more,
and the game's getting faster.
And like you just said, his last  basically his summers were like
the last two years where it's like, well, I'm going to get a little bit of rest
and just get ready in training camp.
You know, the last two summers he's entered, he's been hurt.
So this year he's not hurt.
He'll be ready to go.
And we'll see.
I mean, obviously it's a huge summer for him when you get a contract like that.
And, like I said, he knows that he's not, like, dodging it
or blaming somebody else.
He knows it's on him.
So we'll see what he does.
And also, like, it's just some years everything just goes wrong.
The teeth get knocked out.
It's like when it rains, it pours.
And then it can easily switch the other way you know that yeah for sure it's not the end of the
world i mean it was an awful year for him i think you know it's i mean first year in canada you know
not off making a lot of money not up to a good start you feel like you're playing home games
and it's like every time you touch the puck it feels like everybody's just all over you you turn the puck over and you can hear the boos and yeah I mean it's definitely
a tough start but if he comes back to Calgary next year comes in shape gets off to a good start
people forget. Kami I gotta ask you about one last thing the the situation last night well two
nights ago now when this drops uh game seven between San Jose and Vegas, midway through that third period,
off the faceoff, Eakin gives Pavelski a cross check around the chest area.
And, of course, you know the rest.
What did you make of that overall situation?
Overall situation, I think that's a tough one.
Obviously, I hope Pavelski's okay.
I can understand why the refs called it.
When a guy's laying on the ice motionless with blood coming out of his head,
I mean, I've never been a ref, but I would imagine he just kind of reacts.
For Eakin, personally, I don't think that was a penalty.
I don't think it was a penalty, period.
Maybe two minutes if you want to give him something, I guess.
I mean, it was kind of like a cross-check push to the chest.
It was just a series of unfortunate events.
It caught Pavelski off balance.
Then Pavelski kind of run into Stastny,
who's trying to get out to the point,
gets his arms tangled up and smashes his head off the ice.
Yeah, I mean, it's just shitty for everybody involved,
Pavelski and the Knights.
I mean, I guess at the end of it, don't give up four goals on the power play.
I mean, I understand you might give up one, maybe give up two,
but giving up four. But yeah, I mean, it was, I mean, it was kind of,
it turned into a great game obviously, but that's unfortunate for the Knights.
And to be honest, I didn't think San Jose would pull it out in overtime.
I don't think they play enough players.
Like, especially on the back end, there's four guys.
Like, those guys look gassed.
I thought the Knights were going to win in overtime because they were,
to me, they looked like they were really moving.
But it didn't work out, and San Jose's on the next round.
Tommy, what other series or antics have caught your eye these playoffs?
I mean, the Columbus just straight up beating Tampa
obviously was a big one.
I didn't see much of the Dallas-Nashville.
I actually didn't see much of that at all.
Winnipeg, I didn't see a whole lot of the Winnipeg-Nashville either.
I guess the big one for me was...
Winnipeg-St. Louis.
Winnipeg-St. Louis.
St. Louis is on fire.
I mean, last place in the league in January
and they're going on to the second round. That's amazing.
I think the Jets have
some questions to answer too this offseason, but
the big one for me and I think for everybody,
I mean, I think these playoffs have been incredible.
I know Game 7 is going on right
now with the Hurricanes in Washington, but
it's basically been upset city.
But yeah, I mean,
Columbus
looks good.
We'll see.
Hopefully this time off hasn't hurt him too bad,
but they are playing my Bruins.
So I'm good either way.
What's on tap for Hawaii, call me.
Well, if my girlfriend listens to this, I hope she tunes out.
It's a couple of one couple us it's a very a
romantic week uh when she turns it off it's gonna be yeah well yeah it is but i'm bringing my golf
clubs yeah and i told her i'm only golfing once or twice but i heard there's a real nice spot
called mckenna out there discovery property with those places are unreal yeah i'm gonna try and get
out there i think russ cortenel sells property there because they're just in the midst
of getting that thing going.
I would say a lot goes for between 5 million and 10 million.
I think it's a shitload, and Russ was out here.
I think he's not out here anymore.
He's at another one of their properties.
He was out here for like three years, though.
I mean, call me.
This could end up being you play every day and then twice one day.
This could be you playing twice.
You might play 10 rounds.
I mean, my girlfriend will see me once the sun goes down.
Other than that, I'm going to be at the golf course.
When I go on vacation with the wife, I literally have breakfast with her,
and then I see her for dinner, and I golf.
Don't you want, you don't,
don't you want your significant other to be happy on vacation?
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
Great point.
So go to the street.
I'll pay for the spot.
I heard there's a great spa, great spa by McKenna.
I already looked that up.
I'll be dropping her off.
I'll see you after dark.
Well, call me.
We don't want you to miss your flight.
We want to thank you for coming on.
And I don't want to be a dead horse,
but just overall.
So,
so really no feelings have changed towards Babcock and his coaching
abilities.
No,
none.
I'm so happy.
The Bruins one,
I can barely fucking contain myself is a good way to put it.
I love the Boston Bruins.
They've made all my dreams come true the last two years.
Thank you, Boston.
Hey, you're welcome.
All right, Call Me.
We appreciate it.
Could be another Babcock having to meet Matthews in the summer in Scottsdale.
Who knows what's going to happen?
But, dude, have a very safe flight.
Hit them straight, as you always do, and I'm expecting a couple low rounds.
All right, I'm'm gonna do my best that interview was also brought to you by trip actions there's a reason half of business
travelers do not use their company's chosen travel management platform booking business travel is
still ridiculously outdated time consuming and costly if you are frustrated with your company's
travel management program or lack thereof you you need to look into TripActions.
They take the pain out of corporate travel with a complete solution that helps businesses save and keeps employees happy.
The reason TripActions works so well is it's the first travel management platform designed from the ground up with the road warrior in mind.
It's easy to book your company's business travel from the app or desktop.
business travel from the app or desktop. With 24-7 proactive support around the globe and incentives for employees to save on travel expenses, companies large and small see over
90 adoption and save up to 34 on travel spend when they use TripActions. Companies from Lyft
to Sara Lee's Frozen Bakery trust TripActions with their business travel. TripActions rewards
travelers for saving their company money and they'll reward you just for checking them out.
Reshape your company's travel business travel today with TripActions rewards travelers for saving their company money, and they'll reward you just for checking them out. Reshape your company's business travel today with TripActions.
Go to tripactions.com slash chicklets,
complete a 30-minute demo with the TripActions account executive,
and you'll save 20 off booking fees in 2019.
But it's this month only.
TripActions.com slash chicklets for a free demo and 20 off booking fees in 2019.
TripActions.com slash chicklets for a free demo and 20 off booking fees in 2019. TripActions.com slash chicklets.
Big thanks once again to our boy, Kami.
He just tells it like it is every time he comes on Chicklets.
He's always a great guest, great guy.
Love hanging out with him.
But, boys, we had another doozy Tuesday night.
Game 7 in the Bay Area.
Had a little bit of everything.
Huge controversy.
One of the most insane comebacks ever.
A game seven overtime.
And at the end, the San Jose Sharks move on after their 5-4 win.
Eliminated last year's Western Conference champs, the Vegas Golden Knights.
When Barclay Goodrow, is it Goodrow or Goodrow,
slipped behind Derek Englund to accept the unreal Eric Carlson feed.
Beat Marc-Andre Fleury.
Boom, sent them on to the next round.
Wits, biz, unreal stuff.
Biz, what was your take on that game?
Okay, well, I was watching that one.
First and foremost, thank you to both those teams for providing
probably the most entertainment a series has provided in a long time
as far as different storylines.
We had the Evander Kane, Ryan Reeves situation.
Then we had the coaches going at it because DeBoer thought that Gallant
was ripping on guys on the ice, which, in fact, he fired back with
that he wasn't and called DeBoer a clown in the midst of it.
For those of you who don't really know the storyline,
you can go online and read it.
Gallant said that he was talking to the officials regarding the embellishment
maybe that Couture had flung around after he got high-sticked in the face.
And then the other one was when Evander Kane asked him a question
about when he's going to put Ryan Reeves on the ice longer than four minutes.
He fired back saying he's playing 10 minutes a game.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, that led us right into Game 7, and it looked like Vegas was
going to win that. As soon as San Jose
hit the post when it was 2-0,
and then it went back the other way
and they made it 3-0, I was like,
oh God, this game's over. That was
a crazy turn of events.
Well, first and foremost,
congratulations to the San Jose Sharks
capitalizing on that five
minute power play,
battling through the adversity, and elevating their play in honor of their captain who had gone down.
Very resilient group.
Like, goosebumps when you read the quotes about what Joe Thornton said by the bench.
He said, go get three fucking goals for Pavs.
Or he said something like that and then and then
couture is like we're going to get four or something something like that anyway you can
go read the quotes uh that are posted online um as far as everything that went down with i've
talked to about 15 to 20 guys and everyone's in agreement that that was not a five-minute major. That was just a crazy, crazy sequence of events.
Most times throughout a hockey game,
you're going to see a centerman snap a drawback
and then receive some type of cross-check from the opposing centerman.
Yes or no?
Yes.
It just so happens when he pushed Pavs with the cross-check,
right away you see Pavavs lose his balance
and that's a guy who's very steady on his feet as stastny's going out to his board side appointment
that happens 99 of the time for that inside winger he ends up bumping into pavs and restricts
pavs from getting his arm out arms out in order to brace his fall freak situation when I saw it
happen I saw it in real time just as everyone else did because we didn't get a replay right away or
at least the feet I was watching we did right away I knew something was up I'm like Pavs doesn't just
stay down like that and it looked like he was like convulsing almost and just trying to, you know, get onto his side or whatever it may be.
Then of course, as, as they kept rolling the tape in real time,
you see his elevate,
his head elevate off the ice and you see him bleeding.
And then they ended up going to commercial break.
And I started tweeting out on like, Jesus Christ,
are we going to get a replay on that?
I thought maybe it was so vicious that they weren't going to show it again
because they didn't want to gross out the viewer.
They end up coming back from break, and as they came back from break,
they were kicking Eakins out of the game.
And I'm thinking, oh, no.
I'm like, I hope this guy didn't do anything that was that grotesque
that Pavs is now in this situation where he needs to be helped off the ice
by his teammates.
Well, after seeing the replay, my heart sank for everyone involved.
I never want to see what happened to Pavs happen to any player.
Even if that was a guy who I was competing against
and I fucking hate on the ice, you never wanted to see that.
And my heart sank for Eakins,
considering that he'd just taken a five-minute major,
got sent to the locker room,
where no one on the ice really knew
what the fuck was going on.
I mean, other than the fact that Stastny could argue it
because he was involved in it saying, like,
Bud, like, I didn't do that on purpose,
and Eakins didn't slam his head into the ice.
Then apparently the refs go over to Gallant and say that
he struck him in the head with a stick and got him in the face.
Well, then obviously Gallant's probably getting word from up top,
being like, that never happened.
He cross-checked him in the chest area.
Then San Jose ends up capitalizing on that power play,
which I have nothing against either of these teams.
I have no skin in the game.
Obviously, I picked Vegas to win in six,
but I've also said before playoffs,
I'd love to see Joe Thornton
win a Stanley Cup so this if roles were reversed and San Jose was up by three and Pavelski would
have gave Eakins a cross check and that identical situation would have happened I would be saying
the exact same thing that was just very unfortunate and the people San Jose fans have been fucking
coming at me with gutless comments all day like go suck a dick and this and that and i'm like guys all i'm doing is sticking up for
eakins in a sense where that shouldn't have been a five minute major they're like well it should
have it should have been a high sticking goal the second one they scored guys sure whatever i don't
give a shit but this brings it all back to the point where five-minute majors should be reviewable, especially in playoffs.
That was such a pivotal moment in the series where it ended up costing
Vegas a series.
Oh, they should have kept four to their net.
Sure, whatever, but they should have never been on the fucking penalty kill
for a five-minute major.
Am I taking crazy pills here?
No, if you watch that and you think that that was a five-minute major,
you're the stupidest person I've ever talked to that watches hockey.
You're an idiot if you think that was a five-minute major.
Seriously, you're dumb.
And I'll tell you this right now.
When the media comes in and talks to players in the regular season,
it's one thing, right?
It's one of 82.
It's a grind.
Well, when you're coming after the playoff games, everything's the aunties up. It's a little crazier. People, emotions are, you know,
running wild, let alone going in and talking after game seven, having all said, having said all that
Jonathan Marshall show said it perfectly. It was a very honest from the heart, uh, opinion on what
he thought happened,
and I thought he said it perfectly.
And that's a guy who's coming off one of the most heartbreaking losses.
Actually, Gallant said after that this loss was more heartbreaking
than them losing the Cup last year.
I think that he said, you know, we go into the Cup Finals last year,
and this loss, like, hurts more right now just because of the way it happened.
That happens maybe 1,000 times every season in the NHL.
You lose a draw, and you give the guy a push, a cross check.
I tweeted it.
It was five minutes for pushing.
Pavelski, amazing guy.
Actually, people should know.
I've said it before.
He's good at everything.
Actually, he's amazing at everything.
Everything that guy does.
He's the person who drives you crazy because he's good at everything.
So I hope he's okay.
Very scary to see.
But what a joke.
What a joke of a call.
And I don't know if you saw my  I went on Spittin' Chicklets Instagram account last night.
I played golf in a tournament.
Heartbreaking loss.
Don't  go into that later.
And I come back, and I'm having people over for the Bruins game.
So, you know, people are here.
Everyone's drinking.
Everyone's having a grand old time.
I was an hour late because we lost in the eighth goddamn playoff hole.
If I was going to fucking lose, why wasn't it on the first hole?
No, I missed the whole first period of the Bruins.
But I come in.
So we start having beers, watching the game.
I got some hardcore Bruins fans.
These guys are like honeydew donuts drinking, trashy Boston Bruins fans.
So we're going nuts.
We're happy.
But then I'm like, all right, I could sit down and watch Vegas Golden Knights,
San Jose Sharks.
I'm pumped up.
I still haven't showered yet, though, right?
And I've been drinking, so whatever.
The game goes on and goes on, and Vegas looks great, just totally in control.
You know, San Jose had a lot of good, you know, glimpses of good hockey,
but it was Vegas' game.
It was Vegas''s game so what did
i do i went and said it's three nothing i'm gonna go hop in the shower and i'm gonna i'm gonna go
i'm gonna go hop in the shower i'm gonna wash off wash off the loss from the golf course wash off
the stench wash off everything else i get out of the goddamn shower and it's four to three. I go, what the fuck? I checked my phone.
My wife was sleeping. I go, what the fuck? She woke up. What? What? I go, it's four to
three sharks. She's like, shut up. Either way. I go downstairs. I said, what happened?
What happened? I'm checking Twitter. I see the penalty. I just about puked. That is so
unacceptable. And if you don't know hockey,
if you showed somebody hockey for the first time ever, and then explain to them what happened,
they would say, wait, you can't review that? Like, it makes no sense. Biz, you've said it for a long
time. They can sit and review if a guy went off sides 11 minutes before the goal,
but they can't go review a five-minute major to make sure they got the call right?
That changes a game, changes it forever?
It was just the most bizarre situation.
And, yeah, I mean, the PK didn't do great, dude.
Bad breaks happened.
This was a horrific break.
Bad breaks happened.
So you got to look and you got to say we should have been better.
We should have won that game anyways.
But holy shit, when they scored right off the bat and Couture's yelling,
that's one, that's one, with their leader down, I was looking back.
If I'd been watching that live, oh my God,
that was the perfect beginning of this masterpiece.
And one thing, or a few things that got overlooked,
the fact that there'd already been a bit of a rift between Gallant and the referees in previous games
with him saying great job on maybe the Couture embellishment,
maybe held him back as far as trying to argue that call
where he's like, listen, we got a 3-0 lead.
I don't need to put us down five on three shorthanded.
Let's just get this five-minute kill and move on to the next series.
Because a lot of people are wondering, why didn't he say anything?
Why didn't he call the ref over?
Not like it would have changed anything,
but at least it would have given him a little time to calm down.
Okay?
So you've got to imagine the guys up top are in his ear being like,
dude, Eakins just pushed off like a little cross-check.
That's a two-minute penalty.
I would say give him two. It's That's a two-minute penalty. I would say give him two.
It's not even a two-minute penalty.
Sure.
I'm going to say two minutes so I can land right in the middle
as far as not being any type of bias.
Give him a two-minute cross check because it was a cross check.
Okay?
Let's just say that.
And then the fact that after they'd scored the first one,
like what was it, six seconds in,
that Gallant didn't call a timeout.
I don't mind after the first one, Baze,
but after the second one, he's got to call a timeout.
That's two, that's quick, and you're like,
all right, we still have the lead.
Let's try to at least chat here.
Well, apparently the refs thought he did call one because there was a delay, and then they looked at him,
and he's like, I didn't fucking call a timeout. So so they lined them back up and then they end up getting two more now another
crazy aspect of all this is emotions take over over the course of the game san jose sharks captain
have just gone down everybody on the san jose bench thinks it was a dirty play by eakins they
haven't seen the replay i can't imagine they've seen the replay.
Maybe they showed it on the Jumbotron, but I don't get that feed.
So anyone live in attendance would have to tweet at me
that they actually showed the replay.
Now everyone on the Vegas bench is like, oh, shit,
Eakins might have fucking got him in the head,
and that's why he was bleeding off the ice.
So all of a sudden Vegas emotions get sunk and are like, oh, God.
And then San Jose is like, let's fucking go. off the ice so all of a sudden vegas emotions get sunk and are like oh god and then san jose's like
let's fucking go yeah our favorite teammate our leader is he just got fucking cheap shotted in
terms of what they're thinking absolutely so that whole momentum switch uh shift and and and mental
change had a shit ton to do with it i would imagine once that vegas finally tied it up and
went into the locker room and then they found out what
really happened and saw the replay,
then everything was back
to neutral. But too little,
too late. And as I've said,
San Jose fans, I have no
problem with you guys scoring four on the
PP moving on. I'm happy for your
organization. I've said I want
Joe Thornton to win a Stanley Cup. My
whole dilemma here is the fact that if that had happened to one of your
players where he was kicked out and then they scored four on the power play,
you would be up in arms.
So please don't come from a biased standpoint.
Just think rationally.
Something needs to change.
Five-minute majors in playoffs, minimum.
I'm okay with regular season as well,
but minimum in playoffs need to be reviewed.
R.A., what are your thoughts?
Yeah, what I didn't like was that you could see
neither ref went to make a call originally.
I mean, they weren't calling a penalty until they saw the injury.
And so what's happening now is they're reacting to something that,
A, they didn't see, and, B, something that didn't happen
because the cross-check, I mean, that's not what caused the injury.
It was, like you said, Biz, it was a fluke thing.
It was a tough situation.
And then series supervisor Don Van Massenhoven, his statement said,
the referees called the cross-checking penalty for an infraction
that caused a significant injury.
In their judgment, the infraction and its result merited a major penalty.
They didn't fucking see it, though.
Exactly.
That's a fucking bullshit cover-up.
Exactly.
They didn't even, and if they did, they would have called it right away.
Neither of them called it right away.
They were reacting to something, again, that didn't really happen.
Gallant said the ref skated over the bench and said he high-sticked him in the head
or in the face or whatever it was, and that's what caused the bleeding.
No, the fact that he couldn't free up his arms when colliding with stastny which we've mentioned three or four times now was accidental contact when pavelski
was was off balance went down and hammered his head off the ice point fucking blank i don't care
how biased you are about the sharks that's exactly what happened if If you say otherwise, you're wrong. The statement, it was Van Massenhoven you said, R.A.?
Yes.
That statement was disgusting.
Oh, terrible.
Come out and say we fucked up.
Right?
Fucked up too.
Swear.
I wouldn't even say fucked up in the press release.
I wouldn't even say fucked up with.
I think that their hands are tied at the fact that they're not able to.
No, that's  dude, that is  unless they're being told from the top
if a guy's injured, call a penalty on someone, it is on them
because they didn't see shit.
And to judge based on injury is such a joke
because hockey's a crazy fast game,
and people get injured on fluke accidental plays all the time.
It happens.
I mean, dude, you cannot at that moment in Game 7 make that call without seeing it.
And I'll tell you what.
There's a couple stats from this game that blew me away.
One, Kevin LeBanc became the fastest four points in NHL playoff history in four minutes.
He got four points on that power play, a goal and three assists.
He was a stud.
That was incredible.
I've been talking about him for a while.
Martin Jones, who we felt horrible for and we were giving it to, we kind of had to, he became only the sixth goalie all time
with four wins in a series to get pulled twice in that same series.
So pretty crazy to be able to flip your game around like that.
And in San Jose, I mean, in an incredible game,
in one of the most entertaining wild hockey games you'll ever see forever,
they became only the fifth team to ever win game six and seven in overtime
in playoff history.
So it was a crazy night.
And the one and the other, the other the other thing sorry go ahead well
well i was gonna from a psychological standpoint at blaming the referees and and i'm okay with you
taking that standpoint could you imagine that happened and all of a sudden you didn't see it
right there was no initial call on the play the captain of the san jose sharps is lying on the ice
and he's bleeding from his head right now he's got two, three San Jose players in his face saying,
what the fuck?
Are you fucking kidding me?
Look.
Then all of a sudden you're like, oh, shit.
That's your job.
You don't want to be the referee to miss that, right?
I know.
I know.
I know what you're saying.
So they need to be given that second look where if they would have seen the replay,
they could have easily went up to DeBoer and said,
listen, I know where you and the fans are coming from,
and you're going to boo, and you're going to throw shit on the ice, as they did.
But look, I watched it.
It was accidental.
And by the time that game is over, DeBoer is going to get to look at it,
as are the fans, and the ones who are thinking rationally
are going to see exactly the way it played out. i am not going to blame the referees on this i do blame the
response after the game which i thought was dog shit i thought they doubled down on their fuck up
and and i i mean i i can keep saying it till i'm blue in the face let him let him get a look at it
i know but like dude it would it would really suck if something happened
and they didn't call it, but there's four dudes on the ice.
Get together, and if not one of those dudes saw anything,
you can't call anything.
Dude, that's how it works, man.
Sure.
Calls are missed.
Phantom calls are made.
That's hockey, but you can't make it
without knowing and and i'm not trying to like play both sides here refereeing is tough dude i
mean and the same way players make mistake refs are gonna make mistake so we're drilling these
guys but man sometimes it's like you gotta like just figure out a way to at least put your pick on the line, dude.
If you didn't see anything there, you cannot call a penalty.
That's just my opinion, and if you don't agree with me, you're wrong.
Yeah, shit calls happen all the time, and generally things come out in the wash.
A lot of teams are going to get fucked one night, then they're going to fuck someone another night.
But I think what people are underestimating here is just how big of a decision the refs made.
I mean, you're talking about a quarter of the period.
They're going to have a power play,
a permanent power play for a quarter of the period.
And they're tossing fucking.
I'm just trying to be sympathetic to every party where,
where I'm just trying to be logical about everything.
Whereas if I was in that situation,
I might panic and not know,
know what to do.
And maybe they thought,
Hey,
we'll just give them the five
to shut everyone up.
There's no way they end up scoring four, which is insane.
And the other thing, I'm sorry, they tossed Cody Eakin.
He's one of the best penalty killers Vegas has.
So it was like a two-fold thing.
They throw him out of the game, and they couldn't kill that fucking penalty
because they tossed him.
So I just think people forgot how big that is.
Five minutes of a fucking period. That's a lot of time to have the most ludicrous thing too is people like oh
well they shouldn't have blown a 3-1 lead in the series it's like buddy they put up 60 shots in
game six like these these two teams are battling and then like oh they shouldn't have gave up four
on the power play no shit sherlock where'd you find your first clue? Pretty crazy that it actually, in 98, the Blues against the Kings,
same exact thing happened.
It was actually 88.
Was it 88?
The miracle in Manchester?
I thought it was Blues-Kings.
I thought it was 98, but maybe it was 88.
But the Blues scored four goals in three minutes of a five-minute major
to go up 4-3 when they were down 3-0.
So that actually had happened before, whether it was 88 or 98.
I do not know.
But you know what, guys?
Like, it's crazy to think that that kind of fluky game got San Jose
through the first round.
And it's like, will they win the Cup now?
Like, can they win the cup can martin jones
continue what he's done the second half of that series and can they take advantage of just a very
lucky break i mean that's what i'm going to say they took advantage on the power play but
this would be wild if this is what led san jose to win a stand oh i could see it for sure being
what rallies them and gets them going um depending on Pavelski's health. Exactly, and we want to reiterate, we wish the best for him.
We wish him a speedy recovery.
I hope he's not out too long, but we know with the head injuries,
you've got to take them seriously nowadays
and allow him the proper time to heal.
A few other things about that series.
Up until Game 7, the first team to score in every game had won.
So in the first six games, the first team to score ended up winning the won. So in the first six games, the first team to score
ended up winning the game.
Obviously not the case in game seven.
And I found the quote,
you've got to give credit to Jumbo.
As soon as we got to the bench, he said,
you guys go out there and get fucking three goals right now.
When a man who's played 20 years orders you around like that,
bosses you around, you've got to do it.
So we got four.
And that's some goosebump shit right there.
Vegas tying it up, that was such karma.
I was like, oh, my God.
It almost makes it more painful, I think, that they lost.
You know, if they end up losing 4-3 on those four goals,
it's like they're just furious.
But to tie it up and give yourself a chance after coming back from that,
just an incredible, incredible hockey game.
I mean, it was the most wild thing I've ever watched.
And to sum it all up, not being biased, I don't want any hockey team,
no matter who you're rooting for,
I don't want anyone losing a hockey game like that.
I don't think it's just.
I think that they should just change the rule
and allow referees to see that replay.
So that's all I got for you guys.
Yeah, I mean, I tweeted last night.
I said, our worst fears are realized.
Like the refs finally fucking blew a series for a team.
A lot of people argued the same thing.
Oh, they don't give up four goals.
It's like, well, asshole, they've got four goals
because they called the fucking school.
That's totally different.
I don't understand.
Some people just aren't rational,
and we can keep beating the dead horse i think we should just move on yeah by the by the way does anybody lie more than coaches when they say i haven't seen the video
yet like you know they fucking watch it on the bench like right after they always say i haven't
seen the video it's like come on what are you doing now they have ipads like in their face all
game exactly but yeah like we said one one of the greatest playoff games ever.
You'll definitely remember
what you wear when you watch that.
But hey, guys, real quick for a sec.
I want to talk to you about Roman.
You know, most guys have tried
different ways to last longer.
Thinking about old baseball stats
or Wayne Gretzky's goals in 1980
and stuff like that doesn't always work.
That's why the folks at Roman,
an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes.
The secret to longer lasting sex.
Guys, we all want to last a little longer. I mean, maybe not two days long, but, you know, sometimes stuff happens and we all want to keep our partner satisfied. And that's why Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, fast acting and doctor recommended, but they don't require a prescription, which is key. Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet,
unmarked packaging, and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever
you need it, right next to your gym you had. Swipes are great. They will not transfer to your
partner, so you can last longer without worrying. And they're super easy to use. Just take the
swipes out of the packet, apply, let it dry, and you're good to go, guys. That's it.
All right.
Keep Roman swipes in your back pocket for longer, better sex and get yours fast with free two-day shipping by visiting GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Going to go to another series that had an overtime winner as well uh monday night in dallas the stars sent the preds home in six when john klingberg rifled an alexander radulov shot past pecorine with three
minutes left in ot uh klingberg actually credited uh backup coley anton hudobin for giving him the
shooting tip told him to go low glove and that's where the puck went in he said he was laughing
about he said about hudobin after the game if you know hudobin he's a fucking character so it's
pretty funny uh in baseball we have what they call pitcher's duels.
In this series, Biz, I thought it was a goalie's duel,
and Ben Bishop won this particular joust.
He was unbelievable.
I watched that full game six and well-deserved.
By the way, how does a goalie lose a tooth?
Do you guys know that he had a missing tooth on him?
Yeah, I think he got his helmet rattled so hard one night
that the cage hit him in the mouth and knocked his tooth out.
Really?
So hockey guy.
That is crazy.
It was his own mask that knocked his tooth out?
Yeah, part of the mask or helmet, yeah.
I was going to send him a C and D because he's stealing our logo.
Dude, how about Ben Bishop with a 6-1 career playoff overtime record?
I mean, like, that's incredible.
I mean, when the game's on the line, he looks so good this series.
And, man, I underestimated Dallas big time.
Jim Montgomery, I think in the last 10 years,
he's only the fifth coach to move on to the second round,
first-year coach, that is.
He has that team playing solid D, man.
And when you've got a goalie like that and a couple studs up front,
man, they're dangerous.
And Nashville, well, we talked about it with Winnipeg too.
Both those teams all year left something to be desired.
Absolutely.
And ultimately it was the power play that let them down.
It was atrocious.
They had Forsberg net front.
And I know that Simmons went down.
I mean, Simmons necessarily didn't have the biggest impact when coming over
from Philadelphia.
I think I got a stat line here.
He had 19 games in one goal and two assists.
That's just not going to get it done.
They had no net front presence.
Their power play looked lost.
They would get it and just like they'd just be around the perimeter.
There was no threat at all.
Their best player in the series was Grimaldi.
Just a very disappointing effort from all the top guys up front from Nashville.
I thought Yossi was a stud.
I thought he had a great series.
I thought Subban was decent as well.
I'm not really sure why Subban gets booed every time he touches the puck in Dallas.
Yeah, it does make you think a little bit because he gets booed an awful lot for a guy
who doesn't have a rivalry with all these teams.
You know what I'm saying?
He does get booed more frequently than other puck movement defensemen in the league.
But moving away from Nashville, just congratulations to Dallas, their fan base,
and really their top-end guys who were dealing with a lot of negativity
earlier in the season.
So this should definitely be a monkey off their back.
And, man, that's going to be a very interesting series moving forward,
and I'd imagine a low-scoring one with them in St. Louis.
Yeah, we'll be getting to our previews in a little bit,
but I think somebody did see Dallas in six.
Yep, all right, all right.
Did you lose a series?
Yeah, I lost Tampa.
Yeah, I lost Tampa, I lost Calgary, and I lost Vegas.
Considering everything, though, and everybody's brackets,
I would say you have one of the nicest brackets going right now,
even if you do finish, what, five and three?
I'm three and four
right now carolina by the way just tied at three three if carolina wins this game tonight i'll go
four and four of my which which hey with how the first round's gone that's a decent first round
if carolina ends up winning this game tonight i would have gone one and seven in my playoff
predictions and keep in mind uh after game four of the st louis winnipeg series i made a comment like i was like i i didn't
switch but i said it too yeah because i i like the momentum that winnipeg was carrying so i've
just been pathetic with my picks and team and guys people listening if i don't pick your team
it's no ill will i just based it off information i was giving every Every person who roots for me. It's ill will from me. I don't pick your team. I hate your team.
Who else do we got left to break down?
I got a cough. I sound like a grandma that's smoking
fucking Tarrington's. Obviously, Carolina
Washington's playing right now, so we can't break this
game seven down quite yet. We should
jump into our previews.
We're going to go in the order in which they start, which
means we're going to go back to Boston. They're taking on
the Columbus Blue Jackets.
It's the first ever playoffs matchup between these two franchises
and Columbus' first time ever in the second round after they swept Tampa.
Game one, Thursday at 7 o'clock.
Boston won two of the three regular season meetings this season.
On the gambling side of things, Boston's a 7-8 favorite.
That's 160 to make 100 on the Bruins or 100 to make 140 on Columbus.
The Bruins actually kind of got
it's unusual to get healthier during the playoffs
but they actually did in the first round.
They got more back in the lineup. Johansson,
Corrales. So they might even be better than they were
going into Toronto. Columbus, obviously
they're fucking stacked. They're rolling right now.
Biz, how do you see this one shaking out, brother? Don't forget
to include your pick as well.
Oh man. I mean, we're going to find out if Columbus were frauds or not in this round.
They were rolling.
They were the LA Kings I mentioned when they ended up getting that eighth seed
and they just hit stride at the perfect time and just  they dummied Tampa.
Like, it wasn't even close.
So now that Bobrovsky's got some confidence in that full lineup of a very,
very good top nine,
very top,
their top nine is very skilled and dynamic.
Their back ends healthy and looks great.
It's going to be difficult for me to pick against the Bruins,
but I'm going to have to go with Columbus in this one.
Even though I did mention that stat in the 21st century
that there's been three meetings between teams
that have swept a team, meeting a team who has went game seven,
and all three times that the team who have went seven games,
like Boston did, has ended up winning the next series.
So I don't know, boys.
I'm very happy for that Columbus fan base.
Seeing their packed practice where they had held a little inter-squad game
in order to remain in game shape was very cool.
I wish them the best of luck.
And for the second round in a row, I'm going to be going against the Bruins, guys.
Did they light the cannons off for goals in that?
I'm not.
I'm serious.
They probably did.
It was at their practice rink, though, wasn't it?
Oh, it was?
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
No, it wasn't.
It wasn't?
Nope.
It was definitely at their main rink.
Yeah, it's at their main rink.
I'll call that one.
All right.
That's all right.
It looks like a smaller rink.
You know what?
They might have blacked out the top seats.
Maybe they did that.
That's maybe what they did because it definitely looks smaller.
In the same way we've seen Nashville over time with success,
with making the playoffs and winning some rounds,
become a real great hockey town,
I think you're starting to see it in Columbus.
I think these people love the Blue Jackets.
They've had nothing to cheer about considering this was the first round
they ever won since they came into the league.
It's taken fire there. I mean, everyone thinks of the Ohio state Buckeyes in Columbus, and I'm not saying Columbus is close to as fun of a place as Nashville, but God damn,
those people love the blue jackets right now. They're a fun team to watch. They play fast.
They play hard. They play tough. And I think that the city is going wild so by the time they get
back to columbus after starting one and two in boston they're going to be revved up and going
absolutely crazy it's really hard for me to pick this series as it is for me to pick every series
because i'm never right i i mean i i look i look at i look at the boston bruins and as r.a you said
they're they got they got more healthy.
I think Wags is battling a little something.
I don't know if he's 100 healthy.
And Poshinok at times did look like he could have been injured,
but then there was times he looked great.
So I don't know.
I'm just kind of guessing here.
I don't know if they're 100 healthy.
No one really is after a seven-game series.
But I'm going to pick the Bruins.
I just  part of it is the layoff really can kill momentum.
And, Biz, I didn't even know that stat.
I'm a stat guy.
I thought I would have known it.
But that  it kind of makes sense to me because you get in that groove
of every other day and you're playing great
and you run over the best team in the league.
If they could have done  if they could have picked,
they would have two days off and started again.
Boom, let's get it going again.
And the Bruins are going to be doing that, and they're going to be at home too,
so they didn't have to deal with any travel after that win on Tuesday night.
So I'm on the Bruins, but I can't wait to watch this series.
I mean, you look at Columbus's lines.
I mean, I don't know how to say this kid's last name, this Texier.
Is that it? Texier?
Have you seen this kid?
He played in Finland this year. He's 19 years old. how to say this kid's last name this texier is that it texier have you seen this kid he played
in finland this year he's 19 years old he's born in france and he's looked phenomenal i mean he had
two goals and an assist in the four games he came right over after his season in finland and played
in the ahl for seven games had seven points boom call him up gets two games in the regular season
and he's in the lineup playing on the second power play unit.
So, you know, they're deep, and they've got some guys who can love playoffs.
We've talked about Anderson a bunch.
He's actually playing with that kid with Foligno centering them,
and Duchesne really shut up biz in the first round with a monster series.
So I know I'm talking about Columbus.
I just don't think this is going to be easy, but I am picking theins in seven yeah Alexandre Texier is uh four games played in playoffs two goals one
assist and when you're getting contributions from guys that other teams don't even know about
and especially considering the depth they already have up front in Columbus
uh that's a big boost I think also this series is uh and I mean, oh, captain obvious I am, right?
Goaltending decides.
This is one where it's like Bobrovsky can be so good or he can struggle.
Tuca had the game seven, but people say he has his struggles.
So if one of those guys plays great and the other doesn't, you know,
vice versa, it's like I think the better goaltender in this series,
the team will get the win, and that's usually the case.
But these two guys can get so hot and cold that it could be real scary
for the Bruins if they, you know, game one,
Bobrovsky makes like 50 saves or something, 45 saves,
and you're like, oh, boy, is he in one of these grooves right now?
Yeah, for forwards, man, both teams got a lot of high-end skill
in their top six.
Bergeron and Krejci down the middle versus Dubois and Duchesne.
That Dubois, man, he's really blossomed. He's still only 20 years old.
I know. He's a monster. People are kind of
on Columbus when they pick him up. Gotta love that
two-line center matchup, though, for the Bruins.
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
As far as defense, Columbus is top here.
I give them the edge over Boston's top here,
but I think if you add the rest of the D, they probably
level off a little more even there.
As far as the goalies, both goalies know what it's like to feel the heat.
Bob was aces in round one.
Tuca won back-to-back elimination games.
It was the best Bruin in game seven.
But when Bob struggles in the playoffs, it's really ugly.
Tuca hasn't had a perfect playoffs, but it's never been hideous.
So I got to give the edge to Tuca.
Let me see.
Also, Columbus, when they won that first round series,
I know it was a big part of the team history the first time they won a series,
but they seemed a little too happy jumping up and down on the bench like that.
I thought maybe
No, R.A., they beat the best team of all time.
All right, all right.
They never won.
I just never really seen the team celebrate that much off their first round.
But you're right.
First series win ever, too.
There's a lot.
San Jose, when they made it 4-3 last night, was jumping around the bench
like they won the cup.
That was fucking insane, though.
But anyways, Boston is waiting.
All right, all right, all right.
So maybe they were excited.
But anyways, they seemed a little excited.
Kudos for what they did.
It was a huge accomplishment.
I just took notice of it.
A lot of excitement.
I love the Homer standpoint.
He's not being aggressive about it.
He's not sending anthrax over to the guy's place.
Anyways, Boston has way more playoff experience.
And based on playoff history, the edge and goal,
then you add in the stat reference by Biz about teams that get swept
versus teams that go seven.
I got the Bruins in six, man.
Biz, how many did you say you had?
I'm going to go Columbus in six, guys.
Okay.
All right.
So, yeah, it's a good series.
That's kicking off thursday night
seven o'clock tune in uh next up we got dallas and st louis these are two franchises that came
into the league together back in 1967 they're gonna square off for the first time since 2016
the blues won that in the second round in uh seven games game one is thursday at 9 30 in the season
series the stars won three of the four matchups they They outscored St. Louis 13-7 in those games.
Of course, the playoffs, it's a new animal now.
The Blues are favorites, 7-8 favorites.
That's the same as before, 160 to make 100 on the Blues
or one to make 140 on Dallas.
I think this series is going to be very similar to Dallas and Nashville.
These teams are very similar as well.
Not a ton of scoring, strong goal attendance,
nice high-end finishes up front, but also everybody kind of chips in a bit.
What do you got this one going with?
Oh, man.
This is a defensive battle.
I mean, they're not going to open up either team.
They're going to grind away goals.
I just can't really pick against St. Louis.
I'm just talking about Dallas National Series.
I say I really underestimated Dallas.
I'm not underestimating them, but something's going on in St.
Louis.
And right now in my mind,
I'm looking at a San Jose St.
Louis Western conference final, but man,
last place in the league in January and moving on to the second round where
you've been sitting around waiting to play too.
I mean, this team has figured something out.
We've talked about Ben Nasty, Jordan Bennington with just this incredible rookie season.
And at times, a couple times, I guess Winnipeg maybe came back to earth
from this outer-worldly performance he's had.
It was outer-worldly.
I should make that up.
Either way, it sounded pretty smooth when I said it.
And we'll wonder what's going to happen.
I mean, Winnipeg was a really good team, so you understand he has a couple off games.
But, man, so is Dallas.
And they got these guys who can score.
Dallas, both arenas will be going nuts.
And I guess at this point, second round and on, every arena in the NHL playoffs is going crazy.
But Dallas is fired up.
It's been quite a while.
And the Blues, this entire run they've been on since the disastrous first
couple months has been magical.
So, you know, Ryan O'Reilly matching up against Jamie Benn, Tyler Sagan.
You know, Tarasenko versus Radulov.
There's a lot of matchups up front and on the back end that are huge.
And you look at the D, and I know, Ari,
you kind of give the breakdowns a little bit but the
D are really hard to decipher between who you give the edge to I think you know Petrangelo is probably
the best defenseman overall in the series but you know Dallas has these young guys who can wheel
and this Esalen Dell's made some big steps we heard Jamie Benn talk about him uh you know Heskinen's
19 years old he's playing like he's 29 so it's a bunch of different things that are going to kind of come together
as the series goes along to figure out who's got the edge here.
But I'm on the Blues in seven.
I'm going seven in all these, I think.
Dallas Stars fans are going to hate me for this one,
but I'm going to go with St. Louis in seven.
Oh, they're probably happy because you would have gotten,
if you picked them, they'd lose.
Sure, sure.
But I'll be getting some hate tweets and some nasty DMs.
But goaltending, I'm going to say it's a wash.
Great goaltenders on either side.
Coming into it, I would have thought that, you know,
Dallas might struggle offensively.
Well, kind of like they have all season.
They haven't scored that many goals this year against a very good back end.
But fuck, man, they were able to get
it done against nashville who probably has one of the best back back ends in the entire national
hockey league and they were able to just find ways to win um obviously i'm confident in that
that forward group in dallas i'm just maybe a little concerned about their depth up front and
who's gonna who's gonna pull on the rope pull on the rope because their deeper lines haven't really provided much offense.
And for the top end guys to pull the rope for that long all throughout the season
and now the first round of playoffs, I mean, it just gets a little bit weight-bearing.
And I just think that I like St. Louis up front a little bit more.
I would call both back ends a wash as
well where I just think that home ice is going to play such a huge factor in this one and because
of St. Louis and the success they had in the second half of the season they were able to get that so
like I said this one's a coin flip no disrespect to either team I think it's going to be an
incredible series but I'm going to go I have to go with St. Louis in seven looks but I'm going to have to go with St. Louis in seven. Looks like I'm going to have to be the odd duck out once again.
There's a lot of matchups, too.
The Cogliano, Fox, Akumo, they shut down Nashville's top line pretty well.
You're going to see if they're going to be able to do the same thing
to Perron, O'Reilly, and Tarasenko.
It wasn't just the top line.
The Blues also got contributions throughout the lineup versus Winnipeg.
Schwartz had an unreal series.
Sundquist, Bozak, Shen, all those guys chipped in.
Alex Petrangelo is unreal.
I have a hard time giving either team the edge at forward or defense here.
They're just like we just said.
They're so well evenly matched.
I got to give Bishop a slight edge because of the experience
and his first-round play.
I think this is going to play out like the first series did for Dallas.
They look like a well-oiled machine right now with a real focus on Team D.
Home ice didn't matter to them last series. They went into Nashville. They look like a well-oiled machine right now with a real focus on team D home ice.
Didn't matter to them last series.
They went into Nashville.
They had no problem winning there.
I like Dallas winning.
I like Dallas and six.
I just think their lack of goal scoring and the fact that I don't think
they're going to be able to hang,
uh,
uh,
um,
prevent St.
Louis is power play.
Like they did Nashville,
Nashville went old for 14.
I mean,
that's the only reason they lost
that series if they score two more goals even three out of those those power plays i think that
they advance especially in game six man they i think they had four power plays in game six six
in order to seal that thing and just couldn't get one ends up going overtime of course we know the
rest is history but uh hey i'm down with it, though, R.A.,
because you seem to be the master of picks.
In the spirit of full disclosure,
I do have a future ticket on Dallas at 45-1,
so I probably should throw that in there.
I can't bet against them if I have a future that big on them.
Fair enough.
Really hoping for a Dallas-Colorado Western Conference final.
Speaking of Colorado, they're the last series
we're going to be previewing right now. Colorado are going to be taking on San Jose. They're going to
look to continue their upsetting ways after taking out number one seed Calgary in five
games in the first round. They're going to be taking on a Sharks team that went seven plus games at Vegas.
This will be the fifth time that the teams have met in the postseason, the last time way back in
2010. Game one will be Friday night in the season series. The Sharks won
all three games.
And in the series, betting-wise, the Sharks are six and a half, seven and a half. That's a buck
50 to make a buck on the Sharks or 100 to make 130 on the Avalanche. Nathan McKinnon, we talked
about him a lot. We're going to be talking about a lot more. He's pretty much unstoppable. San Jose,
I mean, they came back from the dead last night to win that game. I'm sorry, Tuesday night to win that game.
People see it as a coin flip maybe.
I think this series is a lot closer than those odds, put it that way.
Biz, how do you see this one shaking out?
Well, I mentioned it regarding the Vegas-San Jose series.
I think that that momentum that they're taking out of Game 7
is going to carry them pretty deep into the playoffs.
Obviously, that injury to Pavelski is going to carry them pretty deep into the playoffs. Obviously, that injury to Pavelski is going to hurt them.
Great net front presence, just a sneaky goal-scoring type,
but plenty of other options up front for San Jose.
This one, once again, is just going to come down to forward depth to me.
And to me, Colorado has been so top-heavy, and those guys are buzzing,
and those are the type of top line that can carry a team.
But to me, the depth is what's going to do it.
And getting Vlasic back for San Jose was so huge.
He ended up doing a pretty good job against that top line for Vegas,
and I think that that's going to become a factor as well.
I think that Jones getting past the first round has gave him
that extra added
confidence that he didn't have. I still would like to give Grubauer that edge in net just because of
how well he played down the stretch and of course in that first round. And once again, Colorado
fans, do not take any offense to this, but I got to go with San Jose, and I got to go with San Jose in six.
I love this Colorado team, and imagine how good they're going to be when they get one of the top.
What pick did they get?
They got a high pick, didn't they?
Fourth.
Fourth, right?
They're going to get another stud there, but I don't think it's their time yet.
I thought it was huge.
They go in.
They beat Calgary.
I didn't see it.
I didn't see it.
That's not a surprise, but I didn't see that i didn't see it that's not a surprise but i didn't see that
happening they went in they dusted them mckinnon's uh right now left right top player in the league
he's looked like that the first round i mean just dominating performances conor mcdavid likes
skating through the neutral zone we've talked about that a bunch i look at their d right i mean
it's a great great six-man unit i mean i look at ian cole right why I mean, it's a great, great six-man unit. I mean, I look at Ian Cole, right?
Why did Pittsburgh get rid of him?
What the fuck?
I mean, that guy's solid.
Couples time Stanley Cup winner.
Tyson Barry can move the puck.
They've brought in this stud, Cal McCarr.
So there's a lot there, but they're young, man.
They're young, and they're coming off a big win,
and without tons of depth up front,
even though they got some guys that can play fourth line,
like Tyson Joseph's playing on the fourth line.
He's got a ton of skill, things like that.
Matt Nieto, BU boy, shout out BU.
But San Jose, I think this is a special time for them
after that crazy game.
The team that they do have, I thought Carlson really got better
as that series went along.
Last night, I mean, he had the great assist on the game winner.
There were times, I mean, he was EK65, blowing past guys while he's gliding
through the neutral zone, weaving in and out of traffic.
So, man, if he gets to that level he did when Ottawa lost in Game 7 to Pittsburgh
that year, holy shit, do you remember how much he dominated
through those first three rounds?
He can take over games. They obviously got Brent Burns Burns Pavelski's health's an enormous question an enormous question
so if he's back that's great I'm on the Sharks though I'm on the Sharks and I know I said I'm
going seven every series but I'm on the Sharks in six and the biggest thing I would have feared if
I was Colorado and and we talked about how the year started for San Jose when when Carlson and
Burns just really couldn't get in rhythm.
They weren't able to win any games, and just something was off.
I felt that way at the start of the playoffs in their series against Vegas.
But all of a sudden, as you just mentioned,
Carlson just kind of found his rhythm,
and everybody's in sync all of a sudden.
And when they got hot during the regular season, they were unstoppable.
They wanted that stretch there where I think Carlson had a point
in how many straight games.
It was an insane run.
And I just get that same feeling that San Jose needed something.
They got their bounce.
Now they're over their first hump where they just look really good now to me.
Tomas Hurdle, Holy shit, man.
That guy.
What a tank.
After the game, he was screaming into the camera.
I saw him going nuts.
Just a different player than years past.
And, I mean, he's able to take over games as well.
So he's looked awesome.
Timo Meier's a monster too.
And it's just a really good team.
It took kind of a miracle for them to win that first-round series,
but here they are.
You got to, in my opinion, you got to love them over Colorado.
Colorado in that first round.
They not only produced, they shut down Calgary's top guys.
Thanks in large part to Eric Johnson, Ian Coyle,
you were just talking about.
Kyle Soderbergh was used a lot defensively.
They're going to need to do the same against guys like Hurle, Couture, Pavelski if he plays,
Evander Kane.
San Jose's challenge is to somehow slow down Nathan McKinnon and his
linemates, Slander, Scoggin, Rantanen.
They didn't do a great job of keeping Vegas' studs off the board.
Stone and Patch, you're ready, lit them up pretty good.
As far as the D, Burns, Carlson, Vlasic definitely gives San Jose the edge
on the back end here.
Jones is more experienced, goaltending,
but he also has that Jekyll and Hyde tendency.
I mean, even last night, that third goal he gave up was terrible.
It looked like it was curtains on that third goal he gave up.
Of course, we know how that changed.
Ray Ferraro said Razor goes, if they get an all-on, make it.
Because at the beginning of the period, it's 2-0.
He's like, they can't go all out right now
because if they give up the third, it's over.
And they did, and it wasn't
over but that was a stinker did you have colorado in the first round all right i did i picked
calgary on the show boat i when i called for the lines that night uh colorado was a pretty big dog
so i ended up taking them for the series yeah oh but in our picks you didn't yeah whatever the
money matters buddy yeah well i always say it's the money picks that matter but yeah, San Jose, I don't know if they're always going to be able
to build Martin Jones out like they always seem to do.
It's a smaller sample size, but I give the nod to Grubauer
just because he doesn't do the Jekyll and Hyde thing.
As for the forwards, the Avs top forwards may be a little better
than San Jose's top forwards, but they probably balance out altogether.
Even so, I've seen enough in the first round to know I like McKinnon
and I like the Avs, and I'm going Colorado in here. Respect. Wow. Oh my God. Washington just missed
a wide open net with two minutes left. Hey guys, before we get to that, I just want to talk to you
for a second about Stitch Fix. Stitch Fix is an online personal styling service that delivers
your favorite clothing brands right to your door. And you know, personal styling, it's like a
fingerprint. Everyone has their own, even myself. And, you know, personal style, and it's like a fingerprint.
Everyone has their own, even myself.
And whatever your style, the experts, stylists at Stitch Fix are ready to help you express yourself.
To get started, go to stitchfix.com slash check.
Let's answer a few questions about your preferred style.
In your personal shop, it will ship you a box of clothes, shoes, and accessories.
There's no commitment required, and you only pay for what you keep.
Shipping, exchanges, and returns are always free. Plus the 20 styling fee is automatically applied
to it. Anything you keep from your box, guys. You'll never have to think about looking good
again with Stitch Fix. Get started today at stitchfix.com slash chicklets and get an extra
25 off when you keep everything in your box. That's stitchfix.com slash chicklets.
Stitchfix.com slash chicklets.
Wow.
Holy shit, boys.
That was unbelievable.
Listen, we recorded earlier, Carolina, Washington.
We thought it might end before we finished.
We could do what we needed to do.
It went to overtime.
We all split up like the Avengers.
We fucking met up after the game's over.
We just got a double overtime.
Game seven classic.
Caps, I thought they were gassed all
OT. Fucking could never get
that pendulum to swing the other way. Brock McGinn
tipped the Justin Williams shot in double OT
to win it. Send the Canes on.
Unreal biz. Where were you?
What were you doing when it happened? Unreal stuff.
Third longest Game 7 in NHL history.
President's Trophy winner
gone. Defending Stanley Cup champions, gone.
All four division winners, gone.
Six of nine teams that hit at least 100 points this season, gone.
All four wildcard teams that advanced.
This has been fucking banana lance.
I mean, is there any other word for it?
I mean, I know we've got the t-shirts coming out.
I was waiting for it i mean i know we got the t-shirts coming out i was that might be the first and only one this episode but uh what what do you think of all this
biz you said it best banana lance there makes nothing makes any sense it's like what is what
is up is down what is down is up who's gonna're going to win easily. No, the other team wins.
You're an idiot.
You're wrong.
These teams fighting to get into the playoffs, grinding the last month's show.
You've got to be playing your game, going into the playoffs.
It doesn't matter if you're playing a 150-point team, dude.
You've just got to go.
And they have.
And it was an incredible effort by Carolina.
I didn't give them a chance to win that
series.
I might have said whatever I said about
Carolina. I think I said a couple
good things, but in my head, I said,
I think Washington's going to work them.
Great coaching by Rod
Brindamore. Justin Williams, are you kidding
me with this guy? Are you
kidding me? How would you like to be
Justin Williams? Your nickname's
Mr. Game 7? Mine's
Scummer. Sick.
You know how much I want to be called
Mr. Game 7? He wins
another one. He gets an assist on the play.
Of course. Of course he does.
Legendary career and in
an enormous upset where the
Washington Capitals never looked that good.
I mean, we got to miss you on the goal in game six and what have you not there,
but it was a disappointing display by a couple of guys on Washington.
And, you know, you see who scored tonight finally his first goal.
What the fuck?
Why can't I?
Berksky.
No, not him.
The other guy.
Koozie.
Koozie.
Koozie.
Listen to me right now, guys.
Can't even think.
Because Netsov gets his first goal in Game 7.
He didn't do much the rest of the series.
Carolina outplayed him.
They really did.
And to see another team go down 3-2 and come back and win both just like the sharks did is wild
well uh you talked about mr game seven justin williams going to elimination games so not only
just game sevens 24 games played 16 goals 12 assists for 28 points and uh that's a that's a
pretty good record the only guy who's got more uh more
points per game and in elimination games is Patrick Kane where he's got six goals 18 assists
for 24 points and that's as far as points per game the only one higher is Patrick Kane so
uh 28 points as I mentioned in 24 games very impressive for Justin Williams
yeah boys crazy sorry go ahead no no no go ahead bud as far as you know all these upsets and games. Very impressive for Justin Williams. Yeah, boys.
Sorry, go ahead, Whit.
No, no, no. Go ahead, bud.
As far as all these upsets and whatever,
I think it's just indicative of the parity in the league right now. I mean, the gap between
great teams and bad teams used to be huge
and it's so much smaller now. And these
so-called mid-tier teams,
they're not that far from the top.
I mean, I'm trying real hard not to gloat
right now because this, like you just said to Whit a second ago,
this series played out exactly like I thought.
The Caps wouldn't stop coming.
I'm sorry, the Canes wouldn't stop coming.
Like tonight, they were losing by goals twice.
They come back.
And then I think they just wore the Caps down.
The Caps were tired.
They didn't do shit in OT, and they fucking broke through.
It was great stuff.
I don't know if I said that stat properly.
It's six goals, 18 assists for 24 points, and 19 games for Patrick Kane.
I'm just reiterating.
I don't know if I said that right the first time,
but he leads the way in elimination games as far as points per game.
Sorry, Whit.
No, that's okay.
All right, you bring up the parity thing.
What did you end up saying that with?
That the gap between great teams and bad
teams it used to be huge and i think it's just so much smaller now because there's just so much
talent like think of experienced teams 25 years ago they were bad i mean they're just there's just
so many good hockey players now yep yep and that's exactly what it was and carolina just i said it
before they're well coached and they they they know exactly how they're going to game plan against teams.
They've gotten some great goaltending.
Moraszek's been awesome.
I mean, I just do want to point out,
of all the people that are going to be catching heat
in the Washington Capitals,
Alexander Ovechkin will not be catching heat
because what a true generational-type talent.
A once-in-every in every 25 years type of guy
where you see him dominate the regular season forever last year finally gets over the hump
wins the stanley cup great playoff performer hits everything that moves just the ultimate hockey
player he dominated this series that was like maybe the best series I've ever  he's ever had possibly.
The second goal in this game, he toe-dragged
he beat Hamilton off the wall again,
and he toe-dragged Slavin or whatever, Slavin,
and then he fed it over to Wilson.
It's just incredible effort, and just having him do it wasn't enough,
but you've got to give props to a legend who shows up like that
in a first-round exit.
All nine of Ovechkin's points in this series were primary,
four goals and five primary assists,
so that just tells you the kind of round he had.
You mentioned Slavin.
That guy had himself a series.
R.A., you got the numbers on him?
He's nasty.
Yeah, Slavin, man, what a coming-out party he had as well.
Eight assists in the seven games to lead the team with eight points.
Unreal showing by him.
Another young defenseman who really, like I said, had a coming out party
like the kid Lindell in Dallas.
Kind of reminds me of him a little bit.
Yeah, overall, I thought that Canes outplayed the Caps the whole series.
I think they deserve to win.
I underestimated them in the playoffs,
and we should have an interesting matchup in round two as far as Carolina
Hurricanes and the Islanders, a bunch of underdogs just going at it.
No doubt.
And we just mentioned Mrazek.
I mean, what a story for him.
He kind of backed up Howard the last few years,
had some down years in Detroit, got straight at the Philly last year,
basically could barely get in the game.
And now he's leading the team in the second round.
And I'll tell you,
you got to commend him, too,
because Washington wasn't getting any shots in OT,
and it's tough for a goalie sometimes not seeing any rubber.
He can lose his concentration.
You can see a real bad goal coming, but he hung in there,
made that huge save on Ovechkin the one time.
You know, took one off the helmet, too.
So, you know, kudos to Marazic, and kudos to all the Canes.
It was a fantastic showing by them. So, actually, it's funny because of the situation.
We're working a double time and a half right now we're going to go right into the preview with the Islanders in Carolina uh it feels like the Islanders beat the Penguins about a month ago
boys uh honestly because of like I said the situation I don't have my usual stats I checked
for a line there was no line yet I'm not sure what the head-to-head was on this but we'll jump
right into it I mean, I can't see...
I can't really pick against Carolina, man. I just
think, like I said last series, they got this sort of
like Jenny Sequa going on,
but Robin Lane was unreal
last series. It's going to be a great matchup
and goaltenders right there.
Biz, what do you got on this series?
I just like the layover for
the Islanders and the rest
coming into this one. I feel like that wasover for the Islanders and the rest coming into this one.
I feel like that was such a dogfight for Carolina.
And, you know, going back to that stat again,
I just don't like it in favor of Carolina.
I'm going to pick the Islanders and I'm going to be generous and say six.
I know we've been hard on the Islanders, and we've ripped their fans quite a bit.
I wasn't happy about the Taveras situation,
but I'm on the wagon now.
They just suffocated Pittsburgh,
and to me that was a more talented team than Carolina,
and I would imagine that they make quick work of Carolina as well.
So you went against the stat that made
you pick Columbus
too. You're not going with that
stat that you brought up.
I'm not feeling it
on the East Coast.
I'm not feeling that.
I'm feeling myself.
You know what that song is?
Can I tell you what I think about this
series? Sure.
I think the Islanders are going to roll.
I think the New York Islanders are going to go on and win this series
in five games.
Matthew Barzell, what a series he had.
Eberle, dominating, dominating.
Playoff ebbs.
They said he couldn't do it in Edmonton.
Trade him to Long Island.
Well, he can play in the playoffs.
You saw that firsthand.
Anders Lee, playoff-style performer.
You go up and down the lineup.
Josh Bailey was great.
Brock Nelson.
I mean, these are a lot of veteran players that know what it takes to win in the playoffs.
I say that while looking at Valtteri Filippola's name.
He's won a Stanley Cup.
He's going to make an impact with them and stifling defense.
It's just  and the goaltending, that's the real question.
I mean, it was.
Robin Leonard, he's playing as good as he ever has,
and it's a pretty cool story actually with what he's been through
with mental health and how good he's feeling now
and how great he's playing.
So I like Caroline a lot, and I love the Islanders to win this series.
I absolutely love them.
And here's the truest best part for me, the best part about it all.
If the Islanders lose, I'm still happy as shit.
I don't care.
I want them to lose.
I just think they're going to win.
So I'm going into this round loving life as a winner winner.
I'm sorry.
You said how many games?
Five.
Okay.
Man, honestly, I think this series is just going to fuel Carolina
with tons of confidence knocking off the cup champs like that.
I think they're feeling themselves right now.
I think they got a little bit of an edge in D over the Islanders.
The Islanders probably get the nod forward-wise.
The goalies, I mean, I'll call them a wash right now.
I know Lane has probably got better numbers, but Mrazek just beat, again,
the cup champs seven games.
I thought he impressed the hell out of me.
He's been a great story.
I'm sticking with the Hurricanes once again, except this time it's going to go seven. I'm going to go Canes in seven games. I thought he impressed the hell out of me. He's been a great story. I'm sticking with the hurricanes once again,
except this time it's going to go seven. I'm going to go canes in seven here.
So I know I said quick work in six. You guys know what I meant.
Yeah, I know what you meant. I had you, buddy. I had you.
He's getting late too. I got a little bit of marijuana's in me.
As opposed to earlier when you only had a very little in you.
Oh, I didn't have any.
I was smoking my Eagle Energy.
Quick shout out.
There we go.
Actually, yeah, Grinnelly just gave me a heads up for the gambling corner.
They've got some lines out.
Bruins, like I said, they're minus 160 in their series.
I'm probably going to lay off that one.
I usually don't lay that much dough.
Plus, I already got them futures up the wazoo.
I am going to take dallas however
in that series they're a plus 140 i'm going to take them in the series for five units um also
per custom i'm going to take them in game one as well didn't work out that great last time but
either way uh they're going to take that for two and a half units uh also i like colorado in that
series as well uh they're at about a plus 130. So I'm going to throw.
I'm feeling frisky.
I'm going to throw 10 units on Colorado this time.
Whoa, what the fuck does 10 units mean?
It's whatever you average bet in.
That's a unit.
Some people say it's 1.
Okay, so what's that mean for you, R.A.?
5,000.
Sometimes a unit for me is 500.
It depends, honestly, the week.
It could be 1,000.
Okay, so what would it be in this series?
I'm going to probably have at least 1,000 on Colorado this year.
Oh, that's not that crazy.
It just sounded intense.
You said 10 units.
I'm like, this guy's throwing 10 grand on the fucking series?
So to wrap up that other one, I'm going to go Colorado, 10 units.
And again, a unit's not a hard and fast number.
It's whatever you want it to be.
Average unit could be 100, could be 10, whatever.
For me, it fluctuates week to week.
Plus 130.
I'm going to bet them a game one, two.
I don't have a line in front of me on that one yet.
And in the final series, I'm going to take, what do we got?
Carolina and the Islanders.
I'm sorry.
I got to go with the Carolina, man.
I got to stick with them.
I'm going to take them for the series for five units.
We don't have a price yet, but they're probably going to be an underdog.
And per custom, take them in game one as well for two and a half units.
So, bucket, I'm going to roll with the dogs.
Like I said, I already got the Bs on futures,
so I'm not going to compound potential losses there.
Plus, I don't like 160 too high for me.
Fair enough.
That wraps things up.
Sorry it ran a little long, folks, but we had a lot of information to give
especially with
the way the Vegas and
San Jose series wrapped up.
Once again, we just
wish everyone well and we're sorry if
we didn't pick your teams. Just
don't be chirping me on Twitter.
I got one last thing
before we sign off in the saga
of the Yandel brothers
versus Grinnelli and the song gear.
I got a text message from Brian to from Keith Yandel to Brian and I.
Fucking Grinnelli.
Are you kidding me?
He sent me two song shirts, not 15.
Brian responds, fucking North Shore, greasy scumbag Grinnelli.
He's done to us. So scumbag Grinnelli.
He's done to us.
So, dude, Grinnelli.
Yeah, that's a tough look.
That's a tough look.
So I'm going to come in hair on fire tomorrow into Barstool because I said I wanted at least 15 shirts sent to Keith.
Wow.
Okay, so I'm very happy I actually brought this up because I said to them,
I go, dude, I'm shocked that he would have sent two because he's just really good at this shit.
But you told somebody else to and they didn't.
Text them back and say Biz was buying, so they only sent two.
Biz's alligator arms came out, so it's one and a half, actually.
Oh, the bam-bams kicking in.
Yeah, it is.
All right, I got to go, guys.
All right, love you guys.
Go Isles!
Here's a little song I wrote.
You might want to sing it note for note.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
Don't worry, be happy In every life we have some trouble
But when you worry you make it double
Don't worry, be happy
Don't worry, be happy now.
