Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 171 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
We're a man down tonight, we're going to explain that in a second.
Let's say hello to the boys that are here first.
Paul, Biznasty, Bissonette, are you in the desert or are you gallivanting elsewhere these days?
I'm in the desert, excuse excuse me but I am very excited I am coming to Boston we're going to record a few live podcasts and we're going to have that viewing party and I am going to get shit faced I'm going
to get RA at a charity event drunk on Thursday at that viewing party what do you say G what's up
boys uh yeah I'm just going to send well wishes to Ryan Whitney and I'm not just saying that because on Thursday at that viewing party. What do you say, G? What's up, boys?
Yeah, I'm just going to send well wishes to Ryan Whitney,
and I'm not just saying that because I'm in one of the biggest gambling holes of my life, and I could use his bailout.
So, Ryan, if you're listening, I could use a bailout here.
But well wishes to Whitney, and, yeah, Biz, I'm excited.
This is going to be fun, boys.
Yeah, our guy, the Whit Dog, 171 episodes.
Well, he did 170 plus the ones we did that before uh we joined boston i mean he had a pretty good iron man streak i gotta say close to 185
straight episodes and he texted us he's sick as a dog he's going and throwing i think it's coming
out both ends poor guy had a bang in tonight uh what's up he facetimed well his wife facetimed me
uh before the show to let just to kind of like know that, you know, he couldn't do it.
And I heard him in the background.
He was like, like the sickest I've ever heard anyone yelling, Cordelli, I'll pay you.
I'll pay you to fill in for me.
I'll pay you to fill in for me.
Wow.
So he feels guilty about this.
For all you people out there during his playing days, he used to say he was soft.
Fuck you. This guy wanted
to be here. This was supposed to be his flu game,
but he's so sick and his
fever's so bad that he just can't do it.
That's an Ironman streak at the
Keith Yandel level. That's true.
That's a long podcast Ironman streak.
But other than that,
R.A., some very entertaining hockey
to start the second round. Wow, it's
crazy. I mean, we always say you can't beat OT in the playoffs, Biz,
and we've been blessed with extra hockey for seven straight nights.
We're recording on Sunday.
We had seven straight nights with an overtime hockey game.
Sunday, San Jose beat Vegas.
Monday, Dallas knocks off Nashville to win the series.
Tuesday, San Jose knocks off Vegas to win that series.
Wednesday, Carolina eliminates Washington in Game 7.
Thursday, Boston beats Columbus. Friday, Carolina eliminates Washington in game seven.
Thursday, Boston beats Columbus.
Friday, Carolina blanks who they beat the Islanders.
Saturday, Columbus evens up the series with Boston.
And, well, if San Jose ties up this game,
then we're going to have eight trade nights with overtime.
It's been unbelievable.
We've had three games with multiple overtimes.
And, Biz, I was doing a little poking around.
You know me.
I'm a hockey nerd.
I like to poke around and look at stuff. I did a little research and I realized that all the eight teams left right now,
all of them represent a different era of expansion in the NHL.
I'm not sure if you saw my tweet the other day.
We have one original six team, the Bruins.
We have two teams from the 1967 expansion, Dallas,
which used to be in Minnesota, and St. Louis.
We have one team from the 1970s expansion, the Islanders.
We have two teams from the 79 WHA expansion, the Avalanche and the Hurricanes,
one from the 90s expansion, San Jose, and one from 2000s expansion, Columbus.
Holy shit, stat guy all right today.
I thought you were going to name off the Seattle names again,
the McCrankens or whatever uh you
mentioned the hockey nerd comment speaking of hockey nerds we have one coming on in today's
episode derrick step on is going to be joining us oh man one of the funnest time i've ever digging
up dirt on a guy coming on this show because everyone was so happy to get him but you can
just tell how much his teammates love him based on how much they are ragging on him through text. So I'm excited for you guys to hear that interview.
But yeah, dude, the parody's great.
The games have been unbelievable.
And man, still very unpredictable.
It seems like the momentum shifts have just been insane
throughout all these playoff games.
Yeah, we're going to go dallas and st louis first
that series is tied at one uh game one tarasenko and bennington led the way for the blues it was
three two open series open win uh tarasenko got his third and fourth of the postseason bennington
made 16 saves in the third period dallas was all over them but could never get the equalizer
thanks to bennington i was a rare off night for bishop i thought game one he gave up three goals
on 20 shots i definitely wanted that first one by Fabry back, probably the second one by Tarasenko
as well. But in game two, Dallas stunned the home crowd by scoring three first period goals and
Bishop had a nice bounce back. The Stars went 4-2 to even the series at one each. I'll tell you,
this Dallas rookie, I think his name is Ruppe. Ruppe Hintz, he had a huge game for Dallas
Saturday. Two goals, an absolutely gorgeous assist on Miro Hishkin and Talley.
This kid, I heard his name earlier this year.
I've been seeing him play all playoffs.
This kid's impressed the hell out of me.
He was a second-round pick back in 15.
He's in the second year of his entry-level deal.
Played in Finland, came to North America in 17, played in the AHL for a year.
And the kid's been lighting up this playoffs.
Hey, Biz?
Yeah, I would agree.
Well, going back to the Bishop comment,
he didn't look like himself in that first game.
You know, I mean, he's gotten a ton of work,
and especially in that first round, he stood on his head.
So I'm sure the boys rallied for him in that second game
just based on  and got him some goal support
based on the fact that he's done so much for them.
You mentioned those two goals.
Fabry, let's talk about Fabry a little bit first of all.
That was his first of the playoffs.
I am so happy for that kid.
All right, me and Witt have mentioned it a few times on this podcast.
When we went to training camp the one year together on a PTO in St. Louis,
it was his first NHL training camp.
He was fucking lighting it to the point where i was i was like this guy is going to
be a superstar in the nhl and obviously we know what's happened over the course of the last few
years with him having back-to-back acl tears uh and then even midway through this year uh he hurt
his shoulder i believe it happened actually in a game in Arizona. And, you know, finally worked to get himself back in the lineup.
And if he can even be three-quarters of how good he was in that original
training camp in that first season of how he was becoming an impactful NHL
player, he's going to be just all right.
Because you look at all these deals that these kids are signing outside of
their entry-level contracts, well, just because of the injuries, this guy's gotten fucked out of a lot of money
based on what potential he had.
Very unfortunate, but very happy for him to get that first softie between the legs.
But nonetheless, hopefully it gets his confidence going.
And, I mean, how about that winning goal by Tarasenko?
He, I mean, that was disgusting.
Just a straight power move and the minute he
brought it from backhand to forehand it was like a little touch of the wrist and boom right up top
shelf a gorgeous winner and a big win for for for St. Louis to get things started at home
they get the health serve hold serve excuse me in that first game but the second game
Dallas just came playing and one of the criticisms I did criticisms I did have of them was secondary
scoring and we saw a bit of that uh towards the end of that the first round and then of course
in that game too St. Louis they got within a goal uh early in the third but they could never get the
equalizer they did themselves no favors went 0 for 5 in that second game on the power, but they could never get the equalizer. They did themselves no favors, went 0-5 in that second game on the power play.
But again, the story to me was Bishop.
Since going down 2-1 in Nashville, Bishop's been 4-1.
Goals against over 1.90, save percentage 9-4-1.
He's 11-3 his record.
I think he's in the zone right now.
I think he's going to stay there.
These games are going to be tight, checking affairs, biz, all low scoring.
I think what we've seen so far was what we're going to continue to see
for the rest of the series here.
And it started getting a little bit chippy in that second game,
which is something that Dallas, you know,
I don't think that Nashville-Dallas series got very chippy.
Not a ton of scrums after whistles.
But another crazy note is when it went four on four in that hockey game,
in game two, there was three goals on that four on four,
two of which by Dallas.
And, you know, we talk about that big pickup
at the deadline for Zuccarello.
He starts a few of those plays in that first period.
The first goal was by Hintz when he made that beautiful pass
when he found that weak side slot area.
And then it was on the the half wall just just coming outside
their zone he made that beautiful backhand sauce towards the middle of the ice when i believe it
was hiskin and who ended up tapping that uh tapping that goal and on a beautiful feed from
hints when he went through uh the defender's legs um another guy we got to mention that series uh
petrangelo uh seven assists now in these playoffs.
He's been an absolute stud back there.
And I don't know, I'm very interested to see how this series plays out.
I'm still very confident in St. Louis.
But, man, I think everyone has been sleeping on Dallas except for you.
Yeah, I can't say I'm going to argue with you here.
I think people are underestimating
them i don't know why i think people maybe went with reputation the first round thinking nashville
still as good a contender as they they used to be but i don't think they're as good as they were two
years ago and yeah yeah st louis has been a buzzsaw since january and uh i think dallas is
gonna slow them down as you know they did last game uh my my fear for St. Louis, considering I'm rooting for them,
is the fact that we still haven't seen a lot from Radulov and Sagan in this series.
I would assume that these guys pop off at home in one of these next two games.
So very interesting.
Happy that it's tied 1-1 because you know me, I'm a hockey nerd.
I want to see as much hockey as possible.
I hope all of these series go to seven.
Absolutely. And game three is Monday night at 8 o'clock in Dallas. So be sure to check
that out. The next series we're going to take a look at probably as a bit of a surprise to most
people. I can't say I'm too surprised. Hurricanes went into Brooklyn and won both games to grab a
two-nothing series lead going back to raucous Raleigh. The Islanders have managed just one
goal in two games,
and that was actually deflected in by Canes defenseman Jacob Slavin.
Game one was the Peter Mrazik show, stopped all 31 Islanders' shots
as the Canes beat them 1-0 in overtime.
I mean, he was incredible.
Unfortunately, he was hurt today.
He looked like he might have pulled something going side to side in the net.
He was replaced by Curtis McElhinney, a guy who I was looking forward to seeing.
I obviously didn't want to see him under these circumstances.
But, Biz, we got another one of these e-bug situations today, man.
And it stuns me that the games of this magnitude, the NHL playoffs,
that they're so close to having a guy who played Stony Brook Club hockey
playing in an NHL game.
To get you up to speed, basically every building, every home team
has to provide an emergency goalie. And, again, what speed, basically every building, every home team has to provide an
emergency goalie. And again, what's crazy is he could play for either team. The guy's sitting
there and could get someone to play for either team. What happened today was this guy sat on
the bench for Carolina, but he didn't end up getting used. But what I looked up, the Charlotte
Checkers are in the playoffs, but they clinched their last series, Friday biz. Now, I don't really
know the intricacies of call-up rules during the playoffs but could they not have called up one of the checkers goalies to bring up
to this to the game today or is that a violation of some sort of call-up rules or what i'm not
exactly sure but it is pretty crazy to think about that if something freak happened and two goalies
went down you could be using a a guy who was you know an investment banker the earlier in that day
uh another thing too is is what if this kid grew up an Islanders fan?
And he's thinking, here's my chance, man.
He's got the fucking posters on his wall in his room.
Think about the colossal news story that would happen
if that ended up being a case where some investment banker
threw a hockey game because he was staying loyal to his longtime team.
Now, McElhinney ended up coming in.
I got a tweet here.
This is NHL Public Relations.
Curtis, is that how you say it?
McElhinney?
McElhinney, yep.
McElhinney, yeah, of the Canes, is the first goaltender in NHL history
to make his first three postseason appearances with three different teams.
He also played with Toronto and Calgary.
And in every single situation, he came in in relief, correct?
Yes.
He's never started a playoff game before.
He still hasn't started a playoff game.
So I would imagine that probably next game he may in fact get his first start.
But just talk about a guy who's bounced around
and really just gets the job done when he's called upon.
So congratulations to him.
He really shut the door on that second game.
Now I guess let's go back to the whole breakdown of the series.
Fuck, man, it feels like I'm watching New Jersey devil hockey
when they were making their runs to the cup with Mark Roderick.
You know, I can appreciate a good goaltending battle,
but watching it on TV is a little bit difficult and and i and i'm not just criticizing it because it's the islanders and you know i know
you islanders fans think i hate you i just like a little bit more goal scoring i'm even okay with
it with a 2-1 game preferably i'm 3-2 4-3 is a as a fucking that you got you got every dollar worth of a ticket especially if the home team
wins but uh but um just a little boring now i want to talk about some guys specifically who
who have stepped up in this second round for carolina uh jordan stall so far and and he didn't
have the best season very average 50 games played this year only 11 goals and 17 assists. And I believe when they got this guy over from Pittsburgh,
they thought he was going to be able to take that next step.
I think he's pretty much just stayed exactly what he was in Pittsburgh
as a third-line center underneath the two big boys there.
But he is right now having a monster playoff.
In his nine games so far, he's got four goals and three assists.
And so far in this first round, he had the OT winner in game one.
And I believe he had an assist on Niederreiter's goal as well,
which ended up being the game winner for Carolina in game two as well.
And it was just a good play by Stahl down below the goal line
to go low to high, just a big boy working the walls properly.
So he's been a stud.
And as I mentioned, another guy that I got to talk about
is Nito Nidorider.
He was very quiet in the first round, only one assist.
He ended up having the primary assist on the OT winner by Stahl
and, of course, ended up having the winner on a surgical tip
in game two.
So, I mean, Carolina's banged up right now.
And Rob Brindamore talked about it in the post-game comments after game two.
He says, man, like, I got to credit these guys.
Like, they're banged up.
We got some guys that'll line up.
And I'm just throwing lines together.
And they're just mucking it up, staying in these games,
not giving up any, you know, a lot of offense anyway,
and just been able to find a way to win.
I mean, especially in game two when going into the third period,
they didn't really have anything.
And then bang, bang, you know, within 48 seconds,
they ended up winning the game in the first minute and a half
of that third period.
So a very interesting game.
Another guy, that Warren Fogle, is that how you say his name?
Yeah.
Oh, he's been unreal.
They've been calling him McLovin.
They've been calling him.
Connor McLovin.
I mean, he had 10 goals all season.
He's already got five in these playoffs.
And that was a beauty.
He got hit with the stretch pass in game two, comes right down the wing.
And Leonard didn't even have a chance to move on.
He hit the back of the net and popped back out. I think it went all the way 200 feet down the wing and Leonard didn't even have a chance to move on it was it hit the
back of the net and popped back out I think it went all the way 200 feet down the other end of
the ice so they just been getting some awesome contributions uh do anything uh do we know
anything about the Mrazek injury uh he's day-to-day I was actually just going to give an update because
it was a rough day for the uh the Canes they got the W but it was costly uh Trevor Van Riemsdyk
was hurt after a hit from Clautterbuck early in the game.
This is actually the first shift of the game.
Carolina went down to 5-D right away, so
they had to play shorthanded. Makes the win even
more impressive. Who else
was out there? Oh, Saku
Manalanen. I probably butchered that name.
He's going to get surgery for a hand injury.
He's going to miss 10 to 14 days.
Like I said, Mrazic's considered
day-to-day. The Hurricanes are likely to call Alex Nedolikovic from Charlotte
to bring up to back up McElhinney next game, presumably.
So, man, not to mention they've already lost Shvetsnikov, Furland,
and there was another one, Martinuk.
They already lost all these guys.
So these guys lose six guys already from the starters,
and they're still chugging along, man, which just like I said,
it just makes everything they're doing much more impressive i want to give the uh the
goalie we were just talking about todd scrolla he's a 27 year old long islander that played last
played collegially in 2016 he was the emergency backup goalie today uh yeah biz if there is a team
whose fan would throw a game for the playoffs it was definitely there you go he's from long island
i didn't even know that exactly yeah i was just I was just saying, like, how can you do that in a playoff game?
I get if it's like the end of a regular season game
where it just so happens two goalies went down the same game.
It's just like, what's the probability on that?
But, yeah, I'm just really surprised that there is not a system in place
considering they weren't in a game, in the minor league team anyway,
in Charlotte, and the fact that he wasn't up and ready to go
just in case something happened.
We can't forget to talk about Trotz's post-game comments after game two.
He just was like, hey, these guys played hard.
I mean, they ended up putting quite a bit of offense on the board. I mean,
27 shots and limited Carolina
to 18. I mean, they didn't give
Carolina. Carolina didn't have anything other than
that 48-second stretch, and it was boom,
boom, and then they held on
late. There was a big post.
I forget what pointman fired
a bomb, and it ended up getting the
pipe, and then Lee was
off to the side of that, just missed the empty net.
So I don't think the Islanders are out of the series,
based off the fact that we just talked about all those injuries
and the fact that they have to scramble and put these lines together
that haven't been comfortable playing together.
I mean, if Jordan Stahl and Nita Ryder can keep getting the job done
and they can keep shutting the door, sure.
But I would imagine that the offense picks up at least a little bit one thing that has murdered the the the islanders it it
didn't bite him in the ass in the first round but they were going into that game before barzell
ended up scoring on the power play they were one for their last 15 and we know what happens to team
that struggle struggle on the power play and and unable to put up any type of offense
with a man advantage in Nashville.
I mean, that was the difference in their series.
I think if they have a competent power play,
they could have probably pulled out of that Dallas series.
Another note on Razic too.
Game one was his ninth career playoff win, Biz,
and it was his fifth career playoff shutout.
That's absolutely insane. I mean, nine wins and five of them are shutouts in his playoff career that's
that's crazy but you know both teams i think they're making each team work for each other
the isles are making the canes work for every inch to get canes are making the isles work for
every inch so canes are just getting a bit of an advantage i'd say they definitely getting the
bounces i mean christ fucking the island has hit more pipes than pookie in new jack city today i
mean they must have hit the post six or seven times today.
And I'll tell you, that Jacob Slavin, man, we talked about him before,
but what a stud out there.
First game, game high, 24-16, plays in all situations.
He makes things happen at both ends.
He's one of these guys that really raised his game in the playoffs.
And same on the Isles, their defenseman, I would say probably Slavin's counterpart,
Ryan Pollock.
This guy's been unreal as well.
And to touch on this as well, and this relating to the other two series we still have to mention in the breakdowns,
is every team that went to seven games beat the team who they met
who had swept the round before.
So it goes back to the fact that it's happened three times in the 21st century
where a team has met, a team who has gone seven has met a team that has swept in the first round.
And we said it last podcast, every time the team that's gone seven games has ended up winning that
series. Now, to me, you mentioned a stat before the playoffs even started, the team to win the
first game usually wins what percentage of the series?
I know it used to be around 65 roughly.
That was an irate fact.
I never confirmed, but it's over 60.
Think of how important those games won for the teams
who had just gone seven games.
And I guess we're going to toss it to the interview when we come back.
We're going to have to break it down on a different example
of how important that game was for Boston winning winning game one whereas carolina ends up winning both uh i
mean they're sitting pretty going home if they can split at home i like their chances winning
that series but i wouldn't count uh islanders just out yet though yeah a lot of hockey left
game three is wednesday at seven o'clock so do check that out but yeah let's go send it over to
arizona coyote derek step in now we talked to him for a little bit pretty good guy interesting cat Game three is Wednesday at 7 o'clock, so do check that out. But, yeah, let's go send it over to Arizona Coyote, Derek Stepin.
Now we talked to him for a little bit.
Pretty good guy, interesting cat.
So we're going to send it over there now.
Ladies and gentlemen, I want to welcome a friend of mine to the podcast.
This will be his first time joining us,
and he's been bugging me all year to come on.
And he's a member of the Arizona Coyotes,
but originally played at the University of Wisconsin, born inings Minnesota so a bit of controversy going there going on there
that we'll get into he was drafted in the second round of the NHL entry draft 51st overall by the
New York Rangers where he spent seven glorious seasons got to live the life in the Big Apple
and then and then my beloved Coyotes picked him up. And what a great addition it's been.
Welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Derek, step on.
Hey, thanks for having me, guys.
Maybe a little French name on the end there.
How'd you like that?
That's nice.
That's nice.
I don't know if I'm overly crazy about being French,
but I'll take it today.
So Witt's not here.
He's dodging you.
We're sorry about that one.
But R.A., my co-host, is very excited to interview a hockey nerd.
Would you say you're a bit of a hockey nerd, Steph?
I would say I enjoy the game of hockey, yes.
I would say that I pretty much watch it from day one
to the last puck is dropped.
So you're watching a lot of the playoffs then, I assume.
Yeah. You know what?
Actually, I got two little ones.
So the early games are kind of on in the background.
I don't get to watch them as close, but I get the late night ones always.
Now, as for players, Derek, who has been the biggest surprise for you so far?
I know you play against these guys and you know what their tendencies are,
but who has really jumped out so far?
I was like, holy shit, I didn't know this guy was this good.
You know what?
I would tell you that the team that I've been most impressed with is Dallas.
I think Dallas has been really strong.
I wasn't sure how they were going to kind of mold together towards the end of the year,
and they've been playing really rock solid.
Obviously, there's a lot of surprises that have gone on early on i mean if i was a if i were to tell you if we had
this conversation before the playoffs started i think i probably would have gotten maybe three
maybe two out of the eight uh teams that are are still remaining oh perfect you can join the show
with that percentage yeah yeah i mean... Yeah, go ahead.
I cut you off.
I said I went one for eight on the first round.
Yeah, I've probably been right there with you,
to be honest with you.
I've been pretty surprised with what I thought I knew,
and I think that's the biggest thing I learned,
is I don't know anything.
What would you say was the craziest part of the first round?
I mean, I'm assuming you've fallen into that San Jose-Vegas situation.
Yeah, that game was by far the craziest one.
I mean, it was a good hockey game too towards the end there,
and even overtime.
I'm glad they got overtime.
I think it was the right thing to at least let teams go in the locker room
and come back out and play to the next goal.
But it was a good hockey game.
That was the craziest one for sure.
Obviously, the four games that Columbus beat up on Tampa, those were
I mean, I watched those games pretty closely because I got a lot of buddies there.
Columbus looked in control a lot of the time, which I was really impressed with.
Did you expect any upsets at all, Derek?
Just because of the parity in the league, everything's so close now at all.
I mean, did you figure maybe one of these teams might get knocked off
in the first round?
I thought most of my upsets were in the West.
I mean, I wasn't sure what was going to happen in the West.
I thought the East was a little more clear-cut of who was going to advance
and who wasn't going to. But the West, I wasn't really sure, but I mean,
I guess I was wrong on both sides. So I, well, I guess I,
what do I know what I'm talking about?
I know you're on a team, so you obviously don't root for other teams,
but are there a lot of players that you personally root for that you're kind
of like cheering on maybe some old teammates?
Cause you got so many of them out there.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, obviously there's a lot in Tampa I was rooting for.
Currently, I got Zook that I'm cheering on.
That's one of my favorite guys.
And to see him doing well in Dallas, I'm really happy for him
because he got traded and then he blocked a shot
and missed pretty much the remainder of the season.
So to see him hit the ground running in Dallas is great too.
All right, that's enough about this playoffs.
Let's get to know about Derek Stepon.
From Minnesota but ended up going to University of Wisconsin.
I've already gotten the story, but how did that happen?
Yeah, well, when I went to Shattuck my junior year in high school,
I was  I mean, I grew up watching gopher hockey.
Um, the Minnesota wild, uh, came a little bit later.
I was probably 14 or, uh, I might've been a little bit younger than that, like 10 ish.
And so I watched, I watched Minnesota golden gopher hockey.
And I, I, I mean, that was my, my gut said I wanted to end up being a gopher and I just
never got recruited there.
Um, and I went on a couple visits and the first visit
I went to uh Madison Wisconsin and um I didn't go on another visit um they offered me a scholarship
and I didn't need to see anything else I saw what I wanted to go to step when you go on these
recruiting trips so I don't know how many you went on but obviously when you went to Wisconsin, like, do they just get you fucked up?
So, no, not really.
I think that was like the older way of doing it.
I think there is cases where kids are going out when they go on their recruits. But, you know, I think it's kind of a, for me,
I'll just speak on my personal recruiting.
Wisconsin, in the state of Wisconsin, I don't even know if it's still a state law,
but you're allowed to drink with your parents.
And so my dad was there.
So me and my dad were having beers the whole entire visit.
What do you mean?
It doesn't matter how old you are are as long as you're with your
parents you can have drinks i don't i don't know the ruling it's gotta be some type of age limit
yeah yeah no like i don't think you can be 10 years old and drinking but i think if
i think if you're like i would say 16 and 18 they're up yeah i think you're free to drink
with your parents that's we're gonna have to get to the bar we're gonna have to do a little bit of digging and we went you've never spent the day
in the minors correct eric i did i was one of the silver spooners like biz fuck you i spent time
in the coast you don't know what it's like to grind it out on on the buses
uh what was your first nhl moment, Derek, that you knew, like,
you've arrived, whether you get bundled by a guy you grew up watching
or scored a goal?
What was that first moment you're like, okay, man, I've arrived here?
So we did that Traverse City, like, rookie camp.
And no one really knew what to expect when I got to camp.
Even to the rookie camp, they were like, I don't really know what's going to happen New York was kind of in a um a switch over with a
new coach and they wanted to go younger they had an older group there um and there were some spots
for you know for guys to take jobs and uh so when I got to Traverse City I played with this Russian guy Evgeny Gravchev
and we had a great tournament and we played really well in that Traverse City tournament
I kind of got on the radar there um and then I played uh torches our coach and I played all
seven preseason games that year um and I was okay in those it was kind was kind of a little bit of sloppy hockey.
And then first game in Buffalo, I was fortunate enough to score a couple goals.
And at that point, Torch brought me in and was like,
you bought yourself 20 games.
No way. He said that?
Yeah. He's like, we don't really know what's going on here,
but you got yourself a little bit of wiggle room here. So just bear with me.
So I played, I was on the third group.
I was playing actually with Sean Avery and Ruslan Fedotenko at the time.
And then I kind of, then I like,
I played one more game or something like that.
And then I got moved down and I was playing with Brandon Pruss and Derek
Bougard and like Torts doesn't really play his fourth line,
especially when he was in New York.
So we were playing like two minutes a night and I played like that for like
20 games.
And like, I was like,
are they just going to send me down and let me play or what's going on here?
And then like, I don't know what they had.
They had something else going on with the older guy.
And Torts came up to me and he's like, get ready to play.
You're playing
with gabbert control off tomorrow and then i played i played a ton and now and the rest is
history so uh ryan mcdonald one of the guys i texted to get some dirt on you he goes you got
to ask him about some torch stories specifically the aaron borough story the stewbickle story and
then the brian boyle story of sitting on the bench.
So we got three to get through here and I'm excited for this little hot stove.
Yeah. All right. Well, which one do you want to start with?
Give me the Aaron Voros.
Yeah. Okay. So I wasn't, I wasn't in New York yet.
This was the year right before I got there,
but I got the story from the guys that were there.
They had like this team meeting and
um torts used to like used to do like a cool board and like every once in a while would have
these sheets of like filling out you know kind of similar to like you know what he's talking about
like mental toughness and uh they were having like a team meeting in the locker room and they
all had pens there they were like writing down um what they needed and what they what how they're
going to continue to grow as a team and uh torts is kind of just talking in the middle and torts
like is telling the team like you know what and boros is uh he's been scratched a few times
uh that i think that like he's been scratched like a couple games in a row or something like that
torts torts is like where's where's aaron he this
guy he's coming to the rink he's just working hard he's not saying anything he's just you know
that stuff that we need where is he and morris is like a few people down i guess and he like
leaned over leaned in the middle like snapped his fingers and like pointed at him like hey right here
that corner loads and torres just blew a gasket it's like did you just shoot me you want to know why you're not playing
like just teed off
on him and went like I get like the guys
were like it went from like hey this is
like this is good keep working you're gonna get
back in the lineup to like you're
done with you because you just flick your
finger and shot at me
and like
Brad Richards had a story kind of similar to it where he like
dropped his pen and did the same thing.
Like,
Oh,
drop my pen.
And Torres is like,
did you just snap me?
Richie was like,
uh,
I'm just,
I just need my pen back.
Um,
what's the stupid one?
The stupid one's the best one by far.
I don't know if you guys remember at the world cup,
uh, there was that, uh, uh, The Stu Bigelow one's the best one by far. I don't know if you guys remember at the World Cup,
there was all the football guys were kneeling during the national anthem.
And we were all there.
We were, you know, Team USA.
And Torch comes in after practice.
No one comments on the kneeling for anthems.
I'm going to handle it.
Like no one say anything about it.
Just when they ask you, say no comment because i know they're gonna ask so afterwards in the media he had he told the media when they asked him he said
if anybody sits during the national anthem they can stay there because they're not going to play
and then stu bickle went on to tweet at like torch at the time and was like
i often stood for the national anthem and i still
sat on the bench and so i showed torts and he like got into it with like him and stew had a
good relationship and it was uh it was i mean it was one of those things where if you know stew a
little bit better it's it's like such a stew pickle comment and uh so those those are like it's it torches he was like one of my favorite coaches too uh just
like the way he is intensity and there's really no filter there so like if you know more like the
stories are even better what about brian boyle that was mentioned as well i don't know if that
one was any good the brian boyle one which one is that i'm thinking he's talking i don't know if that one was any good the brian boyle one which one is that
i'm thinking he's talking i don't know which one that is brian boyle is maybe it'll come
yeah brian boyle had something i think it was again before we got there
brian boyle got like got hurt playing in the knicks gym or something like that
i was playing basketball playing one-on-one, and rolled an ankle.
And Torch did his typical thing and just went off on him.
I'm not 100 sure on the Brian Boyle one, but I don't know.
Boyle had some good stories about coaching for the Kings.
I'm trying to think of his name right now.
Oh, Murray.
We've gotten Murray stories on this one, on this part.
Yeah, and he said he had some good ones too there.
And I actually went to school with Andy's youngest, Jordy,
who I'm still pretty close with.
So their family, they got some good stories with Andy.
Andy's an intense man.
Derek, you mentioned Sean Avery a couple minutes ago.
First off, don't park your bike anywhere near him
or you'll end up getting dusted on Instagram.
What was he like as a teammate
and how often did he frustrate his
teammates by pulling the shit he pulled?
Sean, I love you, pal. We're just asking questions here if you're listening.
Yeah,
you know what?
A's was...
I'm grateful
for whatever reason, he was great to me
and Ryan McDonough. He kind of, he never was too hard on us,
but the one thing I will say is the other young guys coming up,
he gave a real hard time too. And, uh, some days it was, it was, uh,
one of those things where he was the,
the center of attention in the locker room and all the guys were getting a
great laugh with it.
And then other days, he was just, you know,
he was kind of doing his own thing,
and he was on his own page and his own agenda.
But he was, in my few years with him, he was great to me,
which, I mean, again, for what reason, I'm not sure.
He was awesome to me and McDonough.
But the other young guys, he usually got the group laughing at him and had some fun with them.
He was pretty hard on Brandon Dubinsky. Was he not?
Yes. Yes. Him and Duby got into it quite a bit. Uh,
they were mostly the ones that were going head to head. Um,
they seemed to always butt heads and some days it was just more so age,
just trying to stir the pot a little bit
and uh one thing about you that i learned is you're you're very old school in the sense where
you're not a big gym guy you're you're you think you're just a naturally born hockey player where
you like skating a lot in the summer and not a lot of gym time yeah i'd say that to mcdonough
he probably got he probably got that from him.
McDonough is obviously a big gym guy.
He's an absolute machine.
There's a lot of guys in the league now that are that way.
And listen, you got to stay in shape.
That's the new NHL, and you got to work out.
It's not that I don't work out.
It's just that I think that there needs to be more on ice in the summer because I always tell the guys I've never squatted or benched a puck into the net. Derek, you used to play with Kevin Hayes and I texted him before the episode
and asked if he had any good stories about playing with you. He said you guys used to hang out
together all the time and that you'd have a bunch. So yeah. Can you tell us a good Kevin Hayes story?
together all the time and that you'd have a bunch.
So, yeah, can you tell us a good Kevin Hayes story?
Oh, man, where do we start with Hayes?
There's a lot of good ones.
I mean, he's one of those guys that when he came into the league right away,
he was liked by pretty much every guy on the team.
So I'm trying to think of a good Hayes story.
He's got  I'm trying to think.
Give me a second.
Maybe come back to me on a Hayes story. I'll think think of one i'll go through your archives a little bit here yeah we're kind of putting you on the spot quite a bit here i got a text from alex golegoski another guy that i asked
about you uh he he then threw a couple texts out to other guys to do some more uh due diligence
um oh what he wrote this yeah he is constantly grinding at home with the kids despite his full-time nanny
loves talking about how hard he's grinding at home they said you come to the rink about like
how hard you're working at home meanwhile you got like three people on staff yeah well see that's
what i tell him is that i tell him that i get dad of the year every year and goose is he's just
jealous that he's always second in that category.
So that's probably why he's saying it.
But, yeah, no, we have two little ones right now.
I'm the only guy in the league that's got two little ones,
just so we're making that clear.
We got two busy ones, and we always, me and Goose,
always joke who's going to get dad of the year.
So I think he's just trying to  he knows my wife's going to be listening,
so he's trying to take me down a few pegs.
But I know his long game.
I'm ahead of it already.
I love spending time with the kids, obviously.
That's the first and easiest answer.
But anybody that has kids knows that uh the days get longer and those wives of ours
and those mothers of ours are they're rock stars to be able to do that on a consistent basis uh
you know i always i always tell my wife that you know i i'm not quite sure how she does it because
i do like two days with them and i can't even keep my eyes open you're like when's when's the
next road trip?
Check your schedule.
Can we go a few days early, coach?
Yeah.
I'm going to get him back for that.
I see what he's doing there.
Well, he's got more.
And we're going to keep it PG, obviously,
because we know the wife's going to be listening. But his follow-up text was,
I've been to dinner with him probably 100 times and he's ordered a petite filet with a side of brussels sprouts and four
bud lights every single time no appies no sharing plates just a six ounce filet and a side of
brussels sprouts so what are your comments on that, you psychopath? Listen, that is 100 true.
I don't know what it is.
When the season gets going, like, I just can't eat.
So I keep it simple and keep it to what I know works.
I know that the petite filet is going to get the engines going tomorrow.
These guys, like, they always like to go on Y going tomorrow um these guys like they always like
to go on yelp and find these hole-in-the-wall restaurants and i just like to find a spot that's
going to give me food quickly as possible and and get in and out of there um i'm not much of a foodie
like goose is but um yeah he oh man how many more do you how many more texas does he  oh, man. How many more typefaces has he got?
Did he come on the show already?
Yeah, he has, but he was firing them towards me.
But Schenner kind of went a little harder on you in a sense
where he said that you drank more Bud Lights the night before a game.
He said you would usually go back to the room
and get a large bucket sent up to the room and you would watch hockey.
Oh, these two guys
are picking on me now um which is very not a lot of guys having a couple pops night before
mostly it's protein shakes and uh you know carb loading and the whole kit brutal i'll tell you
this much i'm not afraid of a bud light tonight before the game um i'm not gonna i don't think
i think shenanner's large bucket
comment is a little hurtful.
I'd say it's more of a small bucket rather than a large one.
I don't think it's quite the large.
But, yeah, no, I have a couple beers, kind of relax.
He takes the edge off and allows me to get some good night's ease.
And that's just kind of what I've always done.
I've always been that way, even going back to my New York days.
It's kind of how the system, that's how I get the engine going on all cylinders.
You just mentioned New York.
Good, because I actually wanted to bring up the trade from a couple years ago.
There was a lot of chatter that you were going to get traded due to cap reasons,
but was it still a shock to you when it happened because the ranges were all you had known in your professional life?
Yeah, I would tell you this much.
ranges were all you had known in your professional life? Yeah. When I got, I would tell you this much when it did happen, I would say I was surprised. I wasn't shocked. Um, I didn't, I wasn't sure if
it was going to happen. If, if, if, um, if like there was going to be somebody out there that
was going to be willing to, to make that move. Um, but when it did happen, my phone rang
and I'll never forget it.
It was Jeff Gorton in New York
and I knew right away.
I was outside playing with my son
and it was just basically,
he was like,
hey, how's it going?
And I was like,
good, where am I headed?
And he was like,
Arizona.
Like I said,
I would say more of a surprise than shock.
It didn't blow me off my feet because there was a lot of chatter about it.
And I knew that Arizona had been interested in the summer prior.
Just kind of through the connections I have, I kind of caught wind of it.
And so for it to happen the next summer, it didn't,
it didn't really knock me off my seat. What was the biggest adjustment going from like an old
school, original 16 plan and a media Mecca to a newer franchise in a non-traditional market where
the spotlight isn't as bright? How was that? You know what, there wasn't actually the adjustment
kind of happened quickly. Um, it wasn't too bad.
It was, it was kind of one of those things where going, being in the city, uh, to come
into Scottsdale, that was probably the biggest adjustment.
Um, it felt like New York, we were kind of, there's always something going on and we're
always moving.
I lived out in the suburbs.
Uh, I had to take the train in to get to morning skate i had like seven o'clock wake
up um and now i came down to scottsdale and it was like i drive everywhere and i'm you know close
to home all the time and um it certainly that was probably the biggest adjustment and i think
in the end it was an adjustment that i actually kind of enjoyed making because like i said i get
to spend more time at home sleep more time in my own bed.
In New York, we used to joke that the suburb guys played 82 road games
because you get into the city and then you sleep in the hotel
across the street from the garden, and then you're back home at 1 o'clock
because it takes an hour to get home with traffic after the game.
Well, it's funny that you mentioned traffic because another story
that i got was you ended up uh being late for a playoff game one time because you were stuck in
traffic when you were three miles away from the rink well that happened a lot actually in my time
there the playoff one was obviously way more intense uh you don't ever want to be late to a
regular season game but a playoff game was, it was, it was kind of insane,
but that's what happened all the time.
I mean, I lived, I lived on 70,
I think at the time I was on 70th street,
the gardens on 34th and it took me, you know,
almost an hour and 40 minutes to get to five blocks away.
And we almost didn't make it then.
Like that already, Artem Anisinoissan off he at one point he actually just pulled his car over into a parking garage and ran to the rink
because the traffic wasn't moving and he didn't he's like i gotta get to the game um
that's that's new york for you the lights are all screwed up and you could sit you can literally sit
in one spot for 25 minutes um but yeah i don't like being late either so you can imagine how much i was sweating
well i was gonna say you're probably a mental midget how'd you end up playing in that game
i don't remember actually i really don't i i know that i know that speaking of adjustments when i
since i've gotten here to scottsdale, down here in Arizona,
I feel like I've actually changed my ways quite a bit in the sense that I used to be like,
have to be at the game at 345.
And I had all these things I had to go through.
And I think I can thank Alex Goligosky, maybe not right away after all the dirt he gave you,
but he kind of helped me along that way because he's super laid back.
And, you know, if it was up to him for a seven o'clock game he'd show up at 6 40 throw his
equipment on and go play oh he's got he's got like alligator blood just no pulse it's insane
none none whatsoever which he's kind of rubbed off on me a little bit like i said i gotta thank him
but maybe not right away well hey what were some crazy stories of playing at NYC,
maybe rolling around with a guy like Marion Gabra?
Because at that time when he was there, he probably made, what,
60 million, 70 million already playing hockey.
Do you have any crazy baller stories?
Well, with Gabby, I don't know if you've had anybody that knows him.
Uh,
he has like this warehouse.
Um,
if you go on his Instagram,
you can kind of see part of it of like just exotic cars.
Like he's got like,
I want to say he's got like 20 or 25 exotic cars.
And like a,
basically like a warehouse back.
I think he's in trenchant.
Is that what it is?
That's not right.
Um, so he's got like he loves
his cars um you obviously heard the henrik lundqvist story i was listening in listening
when he was on about the helicopter that was that was pretty sweet actually too like we were
none of us were mad because he was helicoptering to his plane. That's pretty  that's something that I don't think I'll ever see again.
Were you ever a recipient of one of his bottles of wine as MVP of the game
that he had a shutout in?
Yeah, but he doesn't give it to MVP.
He just literally eats a sheet of paper and just closes his eyes
and points his finger.
And that's who he gives it to. He doesn't give it to MVP. So yeah, I was,
I want a couple, uh,
I'm trying to think of some good stories on those. Um,
so Hank did a Henrik Lundqvist wine shout out, uh,
actually when Daniel Carcillo was in New York, uh,
every time he scored, he did a Car Bomb book special,
and he got books for guys because he wanted to get guys smarter
rather than drink.
Half the guys can't read it, and books on tape didn't exist back then.
Yeah, so he used to pick specific books for guys,
and they usually had something to do with what was going on in their life.
And it was, you know, like how to propose to a girl
or how to become a father if someone was expecting.
Like it was pretty good.
We got a good chuckle out of that.
I got a two-part for you.
First off, which Rick Tarket like to play for?
And second, who's more intense, Torts or Tarket?
First of all, Tark is, I think he's a great coach,
bench coach at the time in the sense of he keeps the group focused in
and what we want to do in our game plan um when
it comes to day-to-day stuff with talk he's always teaching he's always trying to give you ideas on
how to how to do something different i think he's he's by far one of the the better coaches i've had
and um you know keeping your your mind in the game and uh keeping you keeping the guys like
around it and making sure that we're getting our rest
but also getting our work in and he's a big rep guy um intensity wise um i think talk will get to
torts's intensity at some point but i think torts definitely at least when i had him towards my
changed a little bit now that he's in columbus but when i had him his intensity was high um but
they're very similar
in that sense too where Todd gets worked up on the bench and I think it's a good thing you know I
think that's one of the things that you know every team talks about how you kind of take on the
identity of your coach I think that's what he's been able to do in the sense of keeping guys kind
of in the game you know keeping guys around it and teaching all the time, but also having some of that intensity that you need.
So, I mean, I've really enjoyed my two years with them.
I think I speak for most of the guys that they really enjoyed
talking to as a coach.
And, Steph, not only the intensity, but a guy that you can approach
afterward.
Like, nothing's personal.
When you're coming off the ice and he's just going to hold you accountable.
If he didn't do something that he wanted as far as system wise,
he's going to harp on you. And there's always a fine line.
And obviously talks played and his track record speaks for itself,
where when he's saying it,
typically guys might listen more that so than when it's like a, you know,
a guy who's got a belly on him and never played the game.
Yeah. I like, I think that's that's i mean i think that's probably
the best thing about it he is approachable you know if there is a moment in game where
i disagree with him and we we have it on the bench it's it's gone from his his memory right
afterwards it's not that he's going to hold it against me we we move on past it we you got to
have thick skin he's always said that and he wants you to be able to come in and talk to him if you have an issue, because I think that's a good way to, I mean,
you have to have that. If not, it's just, you just build up this anger that just doesn't allow
you to perform. So yeah, I think there's good communication lines. I think there's moments
where you can get in that battle with them and, and it's just, that's exactly what it is.
Just that battle at that moment, then you move on.
You've been a Coyote for two seasons now.
Not long enough time to get comfortable with everything.
What's the best part of playing out there that you probably didn't expect
when you got sent out there?
The weather.
Yeah, obvious.
I mean, yeah.
No, I mean, I think there's, I really do believe that it's kind of been Yeah, obvious. It's kind of fun to kind of be in that role where I'm trying to help along as many guys as I can that are, you know, want to listen and are willing to listen.
I'm willing to chat with them.
And I've really enjoyed that.
I think that's kind of the coolest thing I've liked so far here in Arizona.
Did you learn a lot about being a leader from Ryan Callahan when he was your captain in New York?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Callahan was one of the guys that, you know, when I was first in the league,
there was a group of those guys that kind of took me under their wing
and showed me the ropes a little bit.
So if I can be someone's Callahan, I would love to.
Steph, I want to know, because we talked about you being a bit of a hockey nerd.
Who are some of the guys in the league that you play against on a game-to-game basis
where don't get brought up enough where you're like,
this guy is far and above one of the most underrated guys in the league?
Oh, there's a lot of them.
I really think that the league is starting to switch over a little bit
to where there's not going to be many guys that can't play.
There's going to be three lines of really deep skill.
I think I'm trying to think of a couple.
I'm a big fan.
I don't think this guy gets enough credit.
I think I'm a big fan of Jared Spurgeon.
I think he's a guy that kind of gets hidden in the suitors
and the dumbas of the world there.
I think Spurgeon is a solid defenseman.
A forward that I really enjoy, I don't know,
there's some guys that are starting to,
I like a Badger teammate of mine, like Craig Smith in Nashville.
I think he doesn't get as much credit as he should.
There's just so many guys now in the league that, you know,
don't really get a whole lot of chatter that, you know, like on our team,
Vinny Henestrosa didn't get as much chatter as he should. I mean,
he was a stud down the stretch for us. There's so many though.
And I think that's, I mean, that's great for our sport.
And I think that's what like there's,
there's guys though that are getting rated underrated that I think are
superstars and not even close to underrated, too.
I don't know how Barkov keeps getting underrated.
He's a stud.
He's rated.
Yeah, it's like the old Louis Erickson.
If everyone calls you underrated, how can you be underrated anymore, right?
Yeah, exactly.
I think if everyone in the league is looking at him he's underrated i
think he's very highly rated he should be it's warranted yeah exactly i one more for you how
long before the bitterness of not making the playoffs does that fade like does it take you
know a month two months a couple weeks after the season ends before that like shitty feeling goes
away oh i mean i think i think I think it kind of goes and flows.
I mean, I'm super jealous of all the guys that are still playing right now.
It's like the best time of the year to be playing hockey.
So, I mean, I think for me at least, until like the
I'd say after this round, then it kind of starts to fade.
But the first two rounds I think are still kind of sour because you're watching these guys having so much fun you know you're
playing against the same team every single night you're you're it's it's such a great game in the
playoffs it's just so different than the regular season well you had a pretty close sniff at the
stanley cup you guys ended up going to the finals one year against la uh you had a pretty good playoff 24
games played five goals 10 assists talk about that run man and just falling up short yeah it was you
know what it was uh actually uh it was elaine vignoles first year in new york um and we started
the year pretty pretty horrible and actually we were like 500 after like 20 games and the 10 games we won.
I don't know if you guys remember it, like Hank,
Henry Glonquist was out of his mind. Like he was making ridiculous saves in all 10 of those games.
And he was taking like 50 shots a night.
And then we had like this meeting in, in Tampa and I'll never forget it.
It was kind of like, Hey, we got to get it.
We got to figure it out here.
Like the older guys were like, it's not even close to good enough.
And then from then on, we just, we defended hard and we were, we were lights out the rest
of the year.
And then we got in the playoffs.
We played Philly in the first round and then we played Washington in the second round,
Montreal in the third round.
And we lost to LA in the finals.
And it was crazy
like through the runs like we were we were just rolling over teams um we no we didn't play that
wasn't the we played Pittsburgh at some point too because that was the year that uh Marty's mom
Marty St. Louis mom passed away when we were in Pittsburgh. Philly, Pitt, Montreal, I think.
Came back from 3-1 in Pittsburgh.
And like I said, it's the best time of the year.
And you just, you get on these runs
and you get into such autopilot mode
and the games are so like intense
and every little detail counts
and any mistake ends up in the back of your net.
But that high you get
after you win a series is something you can't explain well all right can explain different
highs but just definitely not that one um i know you're still in arizona right now you go back to
minnesota in the summer where you have a cottage and you're also a member of the beauty league
correct yeah yes a little birdie told me that you might be flying up to get some coverage of the beauty league correct yeah yes a little birdie told me that you might be
flying up to get some coverage of the beauty league i might come down there and interview
some guys it'd be fun to get some content and see how you guys roll that's such a great setup
for guys that are just trying to keep in shape over the summer you're getting high level games
uh and probably the best pace of play of anywhere in the offseason?
Yeah, I mean, it's great for, you know, people in Minnesota that want to come out and watch some hockey in the summer, but I think the biggest thing is, and what guys love the most,
is it's a great skate.
You only have a few guys on the bench, and you're able to, you know, get on the ice.
It's four on four, so gotta you can't you can't coast
around you gotta actually move your feet otherwise you look like a swab out there um so it's a it's
a great skate um yeah it's it's a lot of fun there is moments where it's a little little
globe trottery but it's i mean that's good that's the way it should be in the summer
well buddy we want to thank you for coming on we wish you about the best of off seasons come back in next year and ready to make the playoffs with the coyotes the biggest undercover
wagon in the league yeah thank you i appreciate you guys having me i really enjoyed it except
for all the bud light talks you guys making me out to be that's the shit that i'm talking about
like you should be comfortable coming on here and being like, yeah, I have 12 fucking Bud lights.
Uh,
David,
David,
I make six and a half.
I'm going to kiss my ass.
I'll have 20 Bud lights if I want.
I'm,
I'm not afraid of a Bud light,
but I'm going to get goose back for that.
And Shannon,
feel free to send me,
feel free to send me any dirt and I'll bring it up on the next podcast that we
have them on.
I love it.
I love it.
Well, I really do appreciate you guys having me.
Biz, I can get off your back now for getting me on the show.
Oh, and the last comment, and this came in from basically every guy that I asked,
was body like a milk bag.
So sorry about that one, but a nice way to end the interview.
And I think they look like R. like ra without a shirt on so i
don't know maybe you want to get me some more dirt after hearing that but uh that's yeah they're just
jealous because i got a body like grabs oh fuck off all right buddy take it easy
that interview was also brought to you by chad brownlee This could be the first night of the rest of our lives. We started something right.
That interview was also brought to you by Chad Brownlee.
Former Vancouver Canuck draft pick turned country singer Chad Brownlee
currently sits at number one on the country radio chats
with his single, Forever's Gotta Start Somewhere.
Not only is this already a country radio hit,
it also has over 8 million global streams.
Be sure to check out Forever's Gotta Start Somewhere as well as the rest of chad brownlee catalog streaming on spotify now
big thank you to derrick step on um love having him part of the coyotes organization
a great example for the young guys ra and uh nice to nice to have the hockey nerds come on once in a
while absolutely man i love talking stats and all that hockey DB stuff with
guys. It's good stuff. But
I'm going to turn our attention back to the series that are going
on. And Boston, Columbus is tied
at one each. Each team has won an
overtime game, 3-2 in the series so
far. Game one, Charlie Coyle
made up for an ugly turnover earlier in the game
by scoring the tying goal, then the winning goal,
5-15 in overtime. He converted
a real sweet feed from Marcus Johansson.
What's up, Grinnelly?
We got to give R.A. some credit here, Biz.
He designed a pretty sweet shirt.
He designed a pretty sweet shirt with the king of the South Shore.
That was R.A.'s idea.
Oh, I didn't know that was R.A.'s idea.
Fucking right, it's R.A.
Yeah, Grinnelly texted me Thursday.
I put my own spin on it.
I put my own Game of Thrones spin on it, but he did
a hell of a good job thinking that one up.
Yeah, I think I would have three of them
for you in 24 hours. Grinnelly asked me for t-shirt
ideas. I shit out three of them for him.
Were you on any type of drugs when you
gave him the ideas?
Not meanwhile. You had to be on something for
the Ninja Turtles one. Well, I mean, I'm
fucking weed to give it. I mean, I always get
THC in me, but yeah, you talked about the rat.
I thought I masked the splinter.
And, yeah, we don't want to tease him too much.
We get some nice ones coming out.
But, yeah, going back to the bees, man, they're up 1-0
and seemingly in control of that first game, Biz.
And then, boom, 13 seconds.
Columbus gets two goals.
The thing switches in a hurry.
Fortunately, Coyle built himself out for that pretty atrocious error,
got the game tied up, went overtime in game two.
Poof, Matt Duchesne, man.
Talk about a chip that's bumped.
He made an unreal little nifty move.
He kicked a rebound to himself.
He beat Raskin double overtime.
He didn't score in his first nine career playoff games.
He's got four in his last five games.
What do you got on this series so far?
Going back to game one, very similar situation to the Carolina Hurricanes
early in that third period, just bang, bang.
Same thing with Columbus.
I mean, they were getting dominated.
They didn't have anything.
And then all of a sudden they got those two goals.
Talk about Seth Jones, man.
Holy shit.
That guy is having a monster playoffs.
To me, he solidified himself in this stretch of hockey.
He's probably top five defenseman in the league.
Nowhere out near top eight.
He's a stud, and he keeps getting better and better,
and that trade keeps looking worse and worse for Nashville.
But, yeah, the Bruins ended up mustering out that win,
and we talk about a guy making up for
his mistake Charlie Coyle uh he had a pretty bad turnover which uh led to that first I believe it
was the first goal for Columbus and that kind of got them going and gave them life and then he sure
shit ends up getting the tying uh goal and then uh and then of course the OT winner and uh Milbury
has been hard on Johansson since he's came over.
I know he didn't have the best end of the season,
and the first round he ended up going down with illness.
But I tell you what, man, he's starting to fucking make some plays.
And on both of those coil goals, he was the primary assist guy,
and he's looked mighty impressive.
And I mentioned that pure domination by the Bruins.
They pretty much outshot him 2-1.
It was 37 shots to 22 for Columbus in that first game.
Both teams' power plays were dog shit.
So that should be interesting going forward.
If Boston can pick up the power play like they had it going in the first round,
they should be all right.
Guys, I think what's kind of interesting about the Bruins' power play is,
at least from my point of view, I never really thought it looked that good in the first round i know they converted
at like a ridiculous rate but like it never really impressed me that much i don't know how
are you're saying like they weren't necessarily snapping around the best it just seems as
you're saying maybe it was more so toronto's penalty kill that was just atrocious yes exactly
so now they're meeting a team who has a legitimate penalty kill
and they may in fact find some trouble.
So regarding that next game, and this is what I talked about
before going to that interview about how that momentum shift
as far as the team who played seven games like the Bruins did,
winning that first game is so important
because always being the team that swept the team in the first round,
your first game
is always going to be a little funky you haven't played you know that that that level and that
speed even though you try to mimic it in practice and you try to Columbus try to have that blue and
white game in front of their crowd it just ain't the same so they just looked flat in that first
game all of a sudden now they found their legs underneath them they ended up mustering out that second overtime win in uh in Boston now they get they go home with the split and to me they have all the advantage
now because not only are they fresh they finally found their game the Bruins have been playing a
lot of hockey and I'm not going to speculate but would you guys and they may have even said this in the media,
Posterdok looks like he might be hurting and same with Bergeron.
There's something going on there. They're banged up
a little bit.
Yeah, my issue
with the Bruins as a fan is just too much
dipsy-do. They're just not paying the full price
out there. They're looking always for that extra pass.
Jake DeBrus the other night, he's
at fucking five feet from the goalie and he drops it drops a drop pass behind him when he
should be shooting on net they're just like i said they scored a lot of pretty goals all year and
it's like they think they can still do that but it's like no man you gotta you gotta get dirty
you gotta score fucking dirty goals unless you're of course you're atemi panarin man he's killing
the bees like i said two goals and an assist, his price is going up every day, Biz.
How do you think Hawks fans feel knowing that they actually traded this guy instead of holding on to him, man?
They must be sick every day.
Yeah, it's a little nauseating.
And as you said, he's just picked up his play.
Another guy who  I keep getting tweets about this.
I talked about Duchesne and how he hadn't been able to produce
when the going got tough up until a certain point.
He's been un-fucking-believable this playoff.
So now he's a playoff performer.
So what, was I not right by saying that when he wasn't?
People just want to keep shoving it down my throat.
I'm fucking happy for the guy.
How many more times do I have to say it?
Do they think I'm like, do I have a Matt Duchesne voodoo doll or something?
What the fuck is going on here?
It's like they lose all context. Like, yeah, idiot.
When I said it, it was true.
Fucking things change. It happens.
It's fucking crazy. But there have been a couple other stories
too that a little bit, well, this one was
on the ice. Brad Marsh, up to
his antics again. He didn't lick anybody,
but I'm not sure if he caught it, but he
stepped on Cam Atkinson's stick. I'm guessing he didn't do it by accident. He ended't lick anybody, but I'm not sure if he caught up as he stepped on Cam Atkinson stick.
I'm guessing he didn't do it by accident.
He ended up breaking his stick.
They held some words.
Atkinson gave him a little push.
And then Atkinson said something to the media or after actually,
I shouldn't say the media asked him about it.
Did you happen to catch that clip is.
Oh yeah.
He's been trolling the media as well.
How about the Riley Nash comment when they mentioned how many hits he had?
And he goes, I don't think Riley Nash had that many hits the entire time he was here
had you ever seen or heard of a guy breaking a dude's stick with a skate oh yeah oh yeah that's
that's a you gotta remember too is when i was coming up in like the echl and the ahl there
wasn't really video there was like one feed so the amount of dirty shit that was going on off
of face-offs and stuff like that now like now everything's caught and magnified they have every
single angle of how the you know the blade went into his stick blade and it's just like hey like
it was a harmless thing like there's going to be the the brad marshall haters and the people who
want integrity in the game who hate that.
But to me, it's entertainment.
It's just another storyline.
Now I get another funny quote from Marshawn in the newspaper
or on Twitter or on video.
And there was two after that game.
He dropped the Riley Nash chirp, which I'm sure they're buddies,
and he had a good laugh about it too.
And now they're making memes about it for Atkinson being pissed off about it.
So whatever.
I mean, it adds bad blood to the series,
and I'm excited to see where this one goes.
And I picked Columbus, and I'm very confident about my pick
after they ended up getting that second game overtime win.
Biz, I feel like you and Brad Marchand would be best friends.
Is that a crazy statement?
It's weird because I tend to
give people benefit of the doubt
because I understand how different people's
personalities are for the same reason that
I see somewhat
of good in Sean Avery or
I mean, who's another
example that I
could use? Dubinsky also
got in the mix too, Biz.
Did you hear his comments about the boys at the Garden?
Yes.
Like, fucking right, man.
And he looked right into the camera when he said it, like WWE style.
So, Brandon Dubinsky's getting his swagger back.
I like that.
It's funny shit.
And keep in mind, like, if you're a Bruins fan, you can't be any bit pissed
off considering the amount of trolling that Brad Marchand's been doing this season and going back to even last season in the playoffs when he was
looking at a guy's face yeah I mean and if the crowd fucking isn't that loud which it didn't
sound loud on TV and that TV is not always the best indication because not the mic doesn't always
pick everything up but I was in the building twice last week and there were lots of times during the
games I was like man it's kind of quiet in here for the playoffs like I, I don't know. I know a nervous crowd is like less likely to cheer.
And I don't know if there's like complacency because of the success in the
area for the last several years, but I got a kick out of it.
I thought it was pretty funny when he said that.
I certainly wasn't insulted.
I mean, as long as guys aren't crossing the line,
and I know Brad Marchand is a guy who has crossed the line before,
like the face licking, like I can have a chuckle about it,
but I can understand where people are like, yo, like get this guy in a cage. Like this guy's out
of control. Right. Uh, but, but as I said, it just, it, it, it adds a different storyline.
Um, I see as entertainment. Oh, and another guy of an example I wanted to use when I, when I,
I forgot about it was Dion Phaneuf. Like the way he used to do interviews in the media,
like people used to hate him and think he was arrogant,
but that was just his personality.
And he was getting a kick out of being like that.
And that's why I, you know,
I never really took him that seriously and I was able to laugh about it.
So, but, oh, I guess I know what your guys' answer are,
but there are hockey fans out there who all they want is integrity and they
want it to be plain vanilla and everyone to respect each other but like that's not that fun that's not fun for me
like i need i need some some like when conor mcgregor makes 20 million a fight there's a
reason why because i want to watch because like whether you want to see him get his face caved in
or you want to see him back up all his shit talk. He's got your eyes and your ears.
Hey guys, hang on real quick. I just want to talk to you for a second about Robinhood.
Robinhood is an investing app that lets you buy and sell stocks, ETFs, options, and cryptos,
all commission-free. While all the brokerages charge up to 10 for every trade, Robinhood
doesn't charge any commission fees, so you can trade stocks and keep all your profits. Plus,
there's no account minimum deposit needed to get started, so you can start stocks and keep all your profits. Plus, there's no account minimum deposit needed to get started so you can start investing at any level. The simple, intuitive design of
Robinhood makes investing easy for newcomers and experts alike. View easy-to-understand charts and
market data and place a trade in just four taps on your smartphone. You can also view stock
collections, such as the 100 most popular. With Robinhood, you can learn how to invest in the
market as you build your portfolio. Discover new stocks, track your favorite companies, and get custom notifications for price
movements so you never miss the right moment to invest. Robinhood has given listeners of
Spittin' Chicklets a free stock like Apple, Ford, or Sprint to help build your portfolio.
Sign up at chicklets.robinhood.com. Also, as far as the Bruins in game two, don't take penalties
in overtime. Don't give the ref the option to call. And far as the Bruins in game two, don't take penalties in overtime.
Don't give the ref the option to call.
And I had some Bruins fans in my feed,
like complaining about the call.
It's like,
dude,
I love Bergeron,
but he tripped the guy.
I mean,
Jones is coming behind the net.
They showed the replay.
It was fucking a textbook trip.
That's going to get called 99.99 out of a hundred times.
They called it and they couldn't kill the penalty.
The Bruins didn't deserve to win that game.
I have no problems fucking saying that whatsoever.
Also, too, Columbus has held the lead for just 7 minutes and 33 seconds
of this series, and they got a split coming out of Boston.
So, yeah, Biz, I agree.
They got to be feeling really good going home to a bond that's never hosted
a second-round game before.
Game three is going to be Tuesday night in Columbus at 7 o'clock,
so be sure to tune into that one.
And the last series we're going to take a look at, actually,
the game just ended as we're talking here.
Colorado evened up the series with San Jose 1-1.
Colorado actually got the empty net goal.
I had them on the puck line, but San Jose pulled the goalie,
ended up fucking making it a one-goal game.
So I went and made a couple bucks, but would have won a few more
if they held that two-goal lead.
Either way, the Sharks smacked Colorado in Game 1 Friday.
Biz in San Jose grabbed an early series lead.
Burns, he was a fucking monster.
Goal and three helpers.
He led the way in the series open win.
But Colorado, they had two one-goal leads in that game,
plenty of opportunities to double the lead.
Never got it done because of Martin Jones.
Had a great game the other night.
And as we've seen in the playoffs, the team squandered his chances.
It comes back to bite him in the ass.
San Jose put the game away with a third goal, second period.
That happened in large part due to Burns and Joe Thornton's line.
And again, tonight, Colorado tied up.
Obviously, we've been taping, so we really can't analyze this game as much.
But, Biz, what do you got on this series so far, buddy?
So, I was talking to some people, and they were a little nervous about San Jose
at the fact that they were, you know, Joe Thornton's getting a little older obviously Pavelski's out of the lineup they're
they're a little bit banged up he didn't know if they could carry it over and I tell you what I
it's kind of like the start of the season when they when they struggled like early in that Vegas
series and now all of a sudden they got their mojo man they got everyone contributing of course
Nyquist finally gets his first of the playoffs,
so things are even more so starting to go their way.
And it seems they completely gained all that momentum
from when they rallied around their captain.
And Joe Thornton has a huge game one.
That Kevin LeBanc, another honey badger,
another guy who's been providing offense in these playoffs,
he gets his third.
Brent Burns,
four primary points in that game one, which as a defenseman, I believe it's the first time since like the early 80s that a defenseman's put up four primary points in a playoff game. So he's
looking more and more like a stud. We're seeing a lot of breakout performances from defensemen
in this playoffs. Of course, Carlson, who had nine assists in that first round,
he's one to mention.
Slavin in Carolina, who we accidentally glanced over,
he's got 10 apples in these playoffs so far.
So he's getting it done offensively.
So some guys in the back end getting it done.
And then, of course, Timo Meier ended up,
he was the guy who scored that fifth goal for san jose he he looks awesome he's just a fucking honey badger another horse for that team
they got so many guys pulling the rope right now and the fact that they're they're doing what
they're doing now uh without pavelski well at least in that game one uh very impressive in game
two though um which has ended uh it's a 4-3 win for for the avalanche it actually
ended while we were on uh recording this uh podcast uh big bounce back performance and another
team that i was a little bit nervous about because if they drop that one i think they're toast
but now they're going back home they get the split uh they finally get a little bit of momentum, and you talk about a beat-up team in San Jose.
I don't know.
It's going to be interesting moving forward to see if that's going to end up
what they're doing now is going to end up tailing off
as far as the offense they're able to provide
or if they're going to be able to keep getting it done.
Yeah, and before I forget, Game 3 is Tuesday in Denver at 10 o'clock.
And, yeah, Colorado's got to be psyched.
They go, they split, they got a road split, first two.
They're getting performances from their top guys.
Ranthony and McKinnon have been tearing it up once again.
I think they got, I'm not sure.
I'm taking a look at the stats here.
I know Landerscore got a goal tonight, and McKinnon did get an empty net.
The stats aren't updated on NHL.com yet,
so I'm not sure what they've done for the year so far.
But this team, man, I don't see them losing, man.
I know I picked them for the series.
They just, like I said, they're just kind of like firing on all cylinders.
I think McKinnon's putting in a hell of a leadership role.
He's just got this team on his back.
They're kind of like following what he's doing right now.
Again, Philip Grubauer was a guy I gave the advantage to a net
just because I think he doesn't have that health of skelter tendency
that we've seen out of Jones so far this playoffs. But I still have as much confidence in this bet as when I took it
Colorado I like them you know if not take at least one at home probably probably two it wouldn't
surprise me at all Colorado hasn't hosted a second round series in a while so you could assume they'll
be pretty jacked up there but I'm looking forward to this man this is a good series a lot of speed
a lot of talent and it's going to be interesting if San Jose maybe shot their water
a little bit too much versus Vegas in the first round.
Another thing, too, is I know I criticized the secondary scoring
for Colorado just as I criticized Dallas'.
I might have overlooked their depth up front.
That Nieto's chipped in offensively.
He's got three goals now. And then another thing, too, we mentioned the defensemen's chipped in offensively. He's got three goals now.
And then another thing too,
we mentioned the defenseman who had been contributing offensively,
Tyson Berry ended up getting his first of the playoffs.
And aside from that, he's got seven assists as well.
So he's, he's getting it done.
There's another guy I said,
who's going to get paid this off season with come July 1st,
after he's only got one year left on his deal.
Of course, that's when he's going to be able to re-up with a team he's already with,
potentially eight years, up to eight years anyway.
The way he's playing, man, I see him getting all of Reckman-Larsen money, 8.25.
I mean, that's a pretty good starting point for a guy who put up more points than Oliver,
and now he's been also getting the job done in playoffs.
If they end up going to the third round or even going to the Stanley Cup Finals,
he might look closer to nine.
So very interested moving back to Colorado.
And I actually talked to Tyson Berry's old man,
and he said the noise inside of the Pepsi Center has been fucking insane.
He goes, one of the loudest, if not the loudest barn I've ever been in.
So they're going to be bringing the noise, and things should be interesting.
Yeah, Biz, I'm looking forward to the rest of this series, too.
These two teams are pretty entertaining.
But there was some other news going on in the NHL we'd like to get you up to speed on.
The Hot Trophy finalists were named, and really no surprise with the three guys who were named,
although I'm sure fans of other teams might have wanted their guy.
Sid Crosby, Nikita Kucherov, and Connor McDavid are the three finalists.
I know Nate McKinnon, Johnny Gaudreau, Alexander Barkov, Pat Kane,
even Jordan Biddington, Brad Marchand.
Fans of those guys probably thought they might have got a nod.
But what do you think, Biz?
I think Kucherov should win it.
There were some people online saying crosby
shouldn't have been in the conversation but uh somebody send me some stats here penguins five
versus five with crosby on the ice their goal deferential they had 82 goals 443 against
where the penguins five on five without crosby on ice, they scored 91 goals and gave up 107.
So that's a fucking massive, massive difference,
and that just tells you the type of impact a player has on his team.
Just to give some perspective, some people were saying
Kane should have been in there instead of him.
Kane at five versus five, he's been on for 84 goals for and 67 against,
which is a plus-17 rating.
And when he's off, they were a minus-19 differential.
McDavid was only a plus-2 when he was on the ice,
and when he wasn't on the ice, they were a minus-34.
So that's a pretty big swing.
Like Crosby, 55 goals more for when he's on the ice, they were minus 34. So that's a pretty big swing. Like Crosby, you know, 55 goals more four when he's on the ice.
That tells you a lot to do about how he led that Penguins team into playoffs.
And what we came to find out is really he's
him and a few other guys is all they had
because when he got shut down in that playoff series,
there was no one else to fall back on.
So I think that Crosby deserves to be in the conversation this year. got shut down in that playoff series there was no one else to fall back on so i think the crosby
deserves to be in the conversation this year and uh i mean uh the other guy you said was mcdavid
right yes he's responsible for 50 of his team's offense i mean it's pretty self-describing and uh
but i do think nikita kucherov should win it are you in agreement i am yeah yeah he's i mean he's
so far ahead of everybody points-wise.
It's kind of his to lose.
I'd be shocked.
Even if David does deserve it because he's hit such a good year
and a tough team.
But, yeah, it's definitely Kucherov to lose.
And the call to finalists were also announced.
We got one of each position.
We got a goalie, a forward, and a defenseman.
Let's see.
We got Pedersen, Beninting, and Dahlin are the three finalists for the call to the trophy. Like I said, a defenseman, goalie see, we got Pedersen, Bennington, and Dallin are the three finalists for the Call
the Trophy. Like I said, a defenseman goalie and a forward. Pedersen would look like he was running
away with this thing early in the year. Then Bennington come out of nowhere in January. He
might have stole it. Dallin had a nice, pretty consistent year for Buffalo. Probably turned it
on a little later in the year, I'd say. If I had to pick one man, this is a tough one. I was hoping
Brady could chuck it in there. He's obviously a friend of the show.
We were probably pulling for him, but it didn't happen.
Bennington, he was phenomenal.
I think probably going to give the edge to him there,
only because Pedersen kind of tailed off a little as the season wore on.
Whoa, you think Bennington's going to win Rookie of the Year?
I think he might, man.
I think there's no way to give it to a guy that had that small of a sample size.
And I do think he deserves to be on there instead of
I'm going to forget his name off the top of my head in Buffalo.
Dolan?
Yeah, sorry.
I was drawing a blank there.
I thought Heskinen should have been there instead of him.
And a lot of people are going to say I'm fucking crazy,
but I believe that the East Coast bias played into it.
I think that he had nine more points.
Dolan had nine more points than Heskinen.
But we're talking about a team who was a lot more offensive
and who scored more goals than Dallas did,
but Heskinen fucking had a decent amount of points,
and he led their team in five-on-five play by two minutes.
We're talking about a guy who was playing against top line,
shutting guys down, getting it done offensively,
and just lugging ice.
I mean, what other numbers do you need to see?
And we're talking about a playoff team as opposed to a team
that was basically tanking towards the end of the season.
They were rubbish. So to me, I think that Heskinen deserves to be there instead of Dahl in. team as opposed to a team that was fucking basically tanking towards the end of the season.
They were rubbish. So to me, I think that Heskinen deserves to be there instead of Dallin.
And some people would argue that he should be there instead of Bennington. I don't give a shit.
I think Pedersen's going to win it, but I think Heskinen should have been on the list. And I think that Bennington's going to finish second because he's on there and Dallin probably get
third. And I think it's a note
yeah worth noting biz that these this is one of the awards that's voted on by the pro hockey
writers association so you know i'm not criticizing the body at large but a lot of these people don't
get to see a lot of teams play i mean i know because i looked at the joint who watches dallas
no offense to them but who the fuck is watching dallas right i mean mean, if you're covering a team, you're a beat writer,
you're traveling, you're living in, you know,
you're basically part of a team that you're covering.
You're with them so much.
You're not going to have a lot of time opportunities to watch other teams.
And when you do,
I don't think you've seen enough that you should really be voting on these
awards. I'm not saying people aren't qualified.
I looked into joining the PHWA years ago when I was started with Boston.
And I was like,
I think a lot of people like to join it because they get a vote
but what good is having a vote if you really don't
see enough of the players to throw a vote
on so I think that's something to keep in mind
that sure and I'm not shitting on everyone who
votes but I think it's really tough for
a lot of the people who do vote to get a full
like comprehensive like
like viewing of everybody
who's up sure and
another thing too I don't really like arguing about who should have been in knowing that he
wouldn't have won anyway.
Pedersen's going to win ahead of Heskinen.
Like that's a,
that's a no brainer.
I think the guy had 30 talks,
like as a rookie and he missed some time.
So,
you know,
same goes for the goaltending situation.
Like I thought Darcy Kemper should have maybe got a nod for the Vesna.
He had an incredible year,
maybe not a big enough sample size.
Nobody's probably really watching many Coyotes games
when they're surrounded by the big markets.
But once again, he probably wouldn't have won,
so I ain't going to sit here and argue the fact that he should have been nominated.
Yeah, and other stuff we can argue about.
Although I just did for 10 minutes.
Some other news from the juniors, actually.
Jack Hughes passed Alexander Ovechkin for the points record on the under 18 teams at the World Juniors.
Biz, Biz Grinelli, what do you got on this, brother?
That's your forte.
Yeah, this kid's a stud.
I mean, he's an absolute stud.
I think a lot of people were worried going into the draft.
And you saw it a couple of weeks ago that people were starting to say that they didn't know if he was NHL ready.
And you could see Capo Caco selected first. The numbers speak for themselves. This kid is just breaking every
single record you can at this national development program. Sometimes you almost want to pick second
because you just never know, of course, where you can't be the one to make the mistake. I mean,
in a prime example of that, even though there weren't that strong of drafts
when they got Yakupov, was Edmonton.
Like, now you get slaughtered for making the wrong pick
as opposed to like, wow, we couldn't get him.
Somebody else got him in front of us.
Cole Caulfield is another name on that U18
coming out of the National Development Program.
I mean, Jack Hughes is really overshadowing him.
But this kid is like a goal-scoring machine he's just broke the brinkett's record yeah and
another thing too is i haven't had a long enough time to look at these prospects coming up and
whether it's a deep draft or not because we have to focus so much time on studying the actual nhl
but uh is it a deep draft class it is it is a deep draft class and i think you're actually
going to see not anytime really soon but this is going to be one of those draft class where in five six years
down the line you're like holy shit that that draft class produced you know five six studs
it'll never be the o3 draft that i was in best draft of all time suck it everyone don't even
argue someone tries to say it was one that was like 20 years before ours not a chance we'll see by the time it's all said and done how many hall of famers um
i gotta ask you a question g or unless you have more ra um just i wanted to ask grinnell about
miles wood uh instagram getting hacked there was oh an nhl player miles wood got his instagram
hacked yeah he sent out a message said oh sorry
about that I got hacked Grinnell he's got the details for us so yeah all right like you said
uh Miles Wood's Instagram got hacked and you know I was I was out with a girl on Friday night
who happened to be a recipient of uh one of the DMs from the hacker of Miles Wood's Instagram
and it's funny because all right I don't know if you remember about three
months ago, you texted me Miles Woods phone number in order to get him on the show in the future. I
believe it was your biz texted me his phone number. That was me. Yeah. And I'm on the show
in the future. So, uh, this girl is, is, you know, she's texting him, she's texting this,
this number and it's, it's like a random California area code. And then it goes to like an email address and it's like a random email
address. It's a blatant catfish situation here. It's like, no, I won't.
And long story short, nudes ended up being sent.
There were naked pictures sent and come to find out in the morning.
She thinks she's DMing with miles would come to find out in the morning.
We cross-referenced the phone numbers and I'm like,
hey, I don't think you were DMing with Miles Wood. Five minutes later or 10 minutes later,
you see on the Instagram, he posts a story, my Instagram got hacked last night. So as a
professional athlete, that has to be one of the most stressful fucking things in the world to
wake up in the morning and just scroll through your DMs
and you just see that someone was going through them and messaging people pretending to be you.
Oh yeah. That is pretty fucked up. He must not check it soon enough to know. I mean,
I would know if somebody hacked my Instagram, I go on it like probably every, every 90 minutes
minimum. This was late night though. I'm talking is this is 1 a.m that this girl's
getting dms from miles wood and and i'm i'm going crazy because i'm like holy shit like you gotta
act up on this miles wood's one of the hottest dudes in the nhl like you gotta move on this
100 she's trying to go on um okay so here comes mine uh talk about stressful situations so
when i first started twitter uh now this is my second account so at the start of my
my second time around that would be biz nasty 2.0 correct correct so i'm in vegas with a bunch of
guys and this is uh at nhl all-star break and i was doing some fun uh video content in vegas um
and obviously after new year's on new year, one of my teammates had sent me a
happy New Year's in like cocaine lines. And a girl was like bending over and sniffing the lines.
It was like a funny meme thing, right? So I saved it and sent it to a couple of buddies. Ha ha,
funny. Happy New Year with cocaine lines. You're the funniest. Well, somehow when I was filming this content when I was in Las Vegas,
my phone had opened up my pictures and started sending out the cocaine picture
on my Twitter.
And I did like a content piece for about 90 minutes, but it kept hitting it.
So it sent the fucking picture out on my Twitter like 20 times.
And so I finally get on my phone and like,
I'm just going to go stroll, see what's going on.
If I got any texts, all these people on my Twitter like,
oh dude, your NHL career is over, like you're hooped.
But as I kept scrolling, the fact that it kept sending out more and more,
people were like, oh, well, obviously he got hacked. So luckily it had sent it out more than once because were like oh well obviously he got hacked so luckily it had
sent it out more than once because once i would have been fucked so then i went on and i was like
hey folks i got hacked like and then everyone was like oh yeah like we figured like why would you
send that out 20 times like you're not a complete moron well i had to fucking cover it up because i
couldn't delete them off my phone for some reason. It wasn't, the pictures were not, I had to go inside the casino and go on some,
in some office and log on to my Twitter and delete all these things on.
So they were up there for a good like three hours.
What year was this?
This would have been like my second or third year in Vegas or in AZ.
How stressful was that feeling?
Oh, my fucking heart dropped.
I'm like, I'm done.
I'm toast.
That's got to be luckily.
I saw that it had done it multiple times and that people started tweeting like,
oh, he must've been hacked.
So I'm like, okay, I'm going with that story.
I'm running with it.
I mean, I'm, I'm all, you know, I like a good meme and I, I get a good chuckle
out of that, but, but damn it, that was colossal.
And that had
been after i got already gotten called in a couple times to smarten up on there because my my pr guy
for my team had reached out and he was like bro like what the fuck you just had this talk a week
ago man come on now did you take did you take the picture that somebody else take the picture
no no it was it was a picture that was like circulating online.
Oh, it was a rando.
Oh, okay.
It was a rando.
It was just like, but yeah, they probably thought it was me partying
because I was in Vegas and it was, oh, sure as shit,
it was the same time when the Charlie Sheen thing was big.
So they must have been like, oh, this guy's on the coke train too.
Hey, Grinnelly, you were talking earlier in the show, like, I gotta hit
up Uncle Witt. I gotta hit up Uncle Witt. Instead of
hitting up Uncle Witt for money, why don't you listen to
Uncle Rare and use his fucking picks for money?
True that. I mean, I've been hitting
75 of his playoffs
and you're dead broke eating fucking ramen
noodles because you don't listen to me. Why not?
R.A., I
deserve to do a public walk of atonement
through the streets of New York City and just have the lady behind me. Shame. Shame. Well, I deserve to do a public walk of atonement through the streets of New York City
and just have the lady behind me.
Shame. Shame.
Well, I want to know more about your Hulu subscription.
What's going on with this thing?
I'll go to war with Hulu.
You know, I'm just trying to do my job, boys.
I'm just trying to watch hockey and tweet out content and write blogs
just so I can make this podcast do as best as possible for our listeners.
And we have Hulu TV over here
just bending me over.
Crash is all the time? I pay
40 a month and
every 10 minutes or so,
it just goes out. It just says,
please wait, loading game or
cancel, can't watch this. It's
outrageous. I'd be
able to afford a good service
if I indeed listened to to rear admiral's
pick so that it all comes back to me though now we're gonna have our listeners going to war with
hulu this should be fun they probably should because you know if if i'm missing tweets and
if i'm missing stuff that's it's on hulu and so all right saying fuck hulu. Or not R.A. Grinelli's saying fuck Hulu.
You know who I'm saying fuck you to?
Who? The NCAA.
Virginia basketball player Kyle Guy and his fiancee
couldn't start their wedding registry because it's against NCAA rules.
Fuck you.
Davo Sweeney just signed a 93 million deal
as a head coach of the Clemson football team and you got
college athletes who can't start a fucking wedding registry give me a goddamn break the most corrupt
fucking program going is the ncaa fuck you i'm so happy i never went and played college hockey
you people are scum scumbags i second that that. The reason I pretty much don't watch NCAA football or basketball anymore,
not that fucking one guy matters, but I hate the NCAA.
Like you just said, they're wicked scumbags.
These kids are like practically hostages.
They can't do anything.
They get people exploiting them all up and down.
It's like, see you later, man.
I don't want to support an organization like the NCAA, so I don't.
I know it's going to have no negligible effect,
but it feels good for me anyways.
I remember hearing something in the midst of that Josh Rosen thing
because when he first started out playing college football,
which he seems like a good guy, and I've been asking around about him,
and people said, yeah, he's not a bad guy.
He came from a rich family, I think.
He's a little bit  maybe he was a little bit arrogant and early
in his UCLA career, but he made a little bit like uh maybe was a little bit arrogant early in his ucla career
um but he made a comment something like i don't need this game where he's just like i'm happy
living my life and i could go work a normal job and i guess it was taken completely out of context
um whereas he he said i get where it could be taken out of context because i have teammates
who were like uh at team meals were taking doggy bags home because they just couldn't afford any food and I'm thinking like this is
ridiculous like they're working for a franchise that's making oodles and oodles of money where
some of these guys don't come from good families but they're talented athletes so they end up
getting a full ride but they're they're they're doing what seven hours of schooling. Then they go to the field for five, six hours of practice.
And they can't even get meal money.
And they can't even capitalize off their own name, which is crazy to me.
Like, what do you mean?
He's a star player.
A jersey's got his name on it.
Or maybe it's not a jersey with a name on it.
It's just got the number.
He should be able to go do an autograph signing and make 5,000
so he can afford to take his girlfriend to the movies
or bring her to a nice dinner on Valentine's Day.
Like, come on here, man.
So let's spread the wealth out a little bit.
93 million for a head coach over 10 years,
and these guys can't even get fucking proper meals?
Some of them anyway?
You know what pisses me off too is when they somehow get the FBI
to be their fucking leg breakers for them.
Like the FBI setting up sting operations.
Like, dude, there's fucking all this shit going on in this country,
in this planet, and you're setting up sting operations
to catch fucking guys getting schmear on their bagel
because they fucking play football.
Get the fuck out of here.
FBI, go do fucking crime.
Don't be doing the NCAA's dirty work for them.
But that just shows you there's probably some fucking level of corruption somewhere. You know what they always say.
Follow the money. Speaking of money,
let's get doing some more. Oh, I'm sorry.
Go ahead, Biz. You have one more. No, no. I was pumped for
the R.A.'s Gambling Corner. Let's hear it.
Let's fucking go. Grinnelly.
Make Grinnelly some money.
Alright. Only a couple picks this week
because the playoffs. I got some fucking large
wages out there on the series, but
I'm looking at Boston, Columbus, Tuesday night. And I think other than Rask, I don't think the Bruins have played anywhere near
their best yet. Not taking away anything from Columbus. Just, uh, I've seen Boston play and
they haven't looked as good as I expect them to be. Uh, but they're a pretty good road team. They
won two out of three up in Toronto and I expect them to play a near perfect road game Tuesday in
Columbus. So I'm taking the Bruins on the money line for five units. I think it's about even money right now, so it'll be five for five. And I think it's
going to be another goalie battle, and I like the under five and a half goals for five as well. So
Bruins money line for five and under five and a half for five units, both Tuesday night. Those
are only two plays until we meet again later this week. Awesome. Hey, guys, real quick, I want to talk to you for a second about 23andMe.
This Mother's Day, for a limited time only,
23andMe is taking 30 off their Health and Ancestry Kit until May 13th.
A 23andMe Health and Ancestry Kit is the perfect gift for Mother's Day.
Celebrate what makes mom special with personalized genetic insights
on her health, traits, and more.
With the Health and Ancestry
Kit, you and mom can celebrate your genetic similarities and differences as you explore
your shared connection with over 125 personalized genetic reports on your health traits and more.
I took part in this a couple months ago. It was incredible, man. I couldn't believe how much of
my ancestry I was unaware of, all these physical things that you might not be aware of. 23andMe
hooks you up, dude. It's actually incredible. And moms will love the gift because you guys share
the same DNA. With the 23andMe Health and Ancestry Kit, she can discover how her genes might influence
her health and so much more. Find out where the family's from. You might not have known you,
but a little Swedish in you, a little Irish in you. 23andMe will tell you that. 23andMe,
great reports. Mom can learn how her DNA influences her facial features,
taste, smell, and other traits.
It's a great gift.
She can learn about her genetics and how it could influence her health
and also yourself because you're related to her, okay?
This Mother's Day, get 30 off 23andMe's Health and Ancestry Kit
at 23andMe.com slash chicklets.
That's the number 23andMe.com slash chicklets. That's the number, 23andme.com slash chicklets.
Again, that's 23andme.com slash chicklets.
Offer ends May 13th.
And one correction I need to make.
I think I said there was three series also this year
that were going from a team going seven games
to a team going against a team who had swept.
I was thinking of Colorado who beat Calgary in five
as going against the rest of the team.
So if I made that mistake, I'm apologetic on that one.
Seth Jones, we talked about him earlier.
He had 38 minutes played in that game too.
I forgot to mention that when I was ranting about how awesome he is.
Funny story.
He's underpaid, huh?
Don't you think he's really underpaid?
He signed a deal where it's like, hey, you're not going to get a bridge deal.
Like Oliver Ekman-Larsen did the same deal where right out of his entry level,
he made 6 million a year for six years.
Seth Jones, I believe, got 5.5 million.
I think that was a six-year deal as well.
Hey, Biz, did you hear about fucking the Shady McCoy tweeting out spoilers
to this Avengers Endgame movie that just come out this weekend,
made a billion dollars, and this asshole tweeted out spoilers about it?
Well, time out.
Didn't Zaw from Barstool do that as well?
And that's why I put this down in my memo pad.
Yeah.
Well, first, yeah, Shady McCoy, who's on Buffalo now, he tweeted out,
and it was, you know, I'm not the biggest Avengers guy.
I come across it only because some other idiot fucking retweeted it,
not Zar in this case.
But, yeah, I mean, there's a million people,
a billion people on the planet want to see this movie,
and I know how to avoid spoilers.
You basically don't go online.
But the thing just came out Friday, and this fucking asshole saw it,
gives one of the key parts of the end you know key spoiler away and then yeah
zat tweeted it out and he was very apologetic i think he deleted people were pissed i don't care
about about movies that much if somebody tweeted out a spoiler is that just a complete asshole
dick move it's a total douchebag move i mean i honestly not the biggest avengers guy i what i
didn't really care i got spoiled i still went and saw it i liked it i'm not the biggest Avengers guy. I didn't really care. I got spoiled. I still went and saw it. I liked it.
I'm not the biggest fan of the series out there.
But I know how much it means to people.
Like, same with Game of Thrones.
Like, something probably happened tonight where if I'm not going on Twitter right now
because there'll be Game of Thrones spoilers on Twitter right now.
So I'm going to avoid Twitter.
But for a movie that came out Friday, you should be able to go on Twitter.
But what happened to Biz is, like, not only when he tweets it, when other people like that tweet, you know how on Twitter, if somebody likes something,
it shows up in your feed now. So when people are liking Shady McCoy's tweet, it starts showing up
in other people's timeline. So now these people are getting spoiled by doing nothing. They just
were on fucking Twitter and they were getting Avengers spoiled because of McCoy. And then all
these other people who tweeted at him or retweeted them or liked it or whatever. So it was a fucking
huge clusterfuck, man. Hey, so i went to dinner the other night with a guy
who played with leshawn mccoy you're talking about the running back right yeah yeah he ain't the
sharpest knife in the drawer i think he's made like 60 million playing and uh and they were
stretching i think this was uh two seasons ago and uh and he asked the guy that I went to dinner with, he's like,
hey, how much money have you saved up from your career?
And he told him the answer, and the guy just kind of followed back.
And he's like, dude, you've made quite a bit.
How much have you saved?
And he's like, oh, I only have like 2 million left.
I think he made 58 million up until this point.
The guy's got two sheets left.
Like these guys go go some of them
just spend their money like donkeys well i mean when alan iverson played he used to like buy new
clothes everywhere he went he would okay so here's here's a story i've heard about alan iverson
that his financial guy and friend was smart enough to see how ridiculous he was with his money. And I think him and his wife got together and
I don't know if they like hit it or, or forced them to do it, but they put 20 million aside.
And now he's on a salary where he gets a million dollars of it every year. So that, that, that
financial advisor gets to work with the 20 million and he'll just cut them off a check for a million
at the start of every year, which I mean, imagine he's probably figured it out
and toned down the spending at least a little bit.
But that's all he had left by the time he was all said and done,
maybe a few years after retirement.
Allen Iverson has probably made 150 million in his career.
Some of the craziest ones are Antoine Walker.
Is he the one who played for the Miami Heat?
And the Celtics, yeah.
He went through 200 million.
Now, I think the NFL and NBA, and I'm not sure if the NHL has done it,
but they have these courses in place where they can help these guys
how to learn how to
Financial literacy courses.
Yeah, and it's hard.
You have to be sympathetic to the fact
that a lot of these guys
who are getting those big paydays,
they've never had money.
They don't have to manage money.
They came up from nothing.
So you can't blame them.
They just need proper guidance.
And back then without social media
and other people knowing what was,
other people were doing with their money,
it was hard for them.
They just fucking spent it.
Yeah. I mean, picture being dirt poor, growing up fucking, you know,
eating cereal or water.
And then all of a sudden you have a hundred million dollars in the bank and
you know, you don't have the,
the maybe discipline or emotional maturity to handle it.
And you can see why this happens a lot, but yeah,
it is good that leagues are starting to, Oh, actually they started a while ago.
You know, letting guys know that there are better ways to handle your money.
So, you know, hopefully those incidences incidences will stop happening with that frequency.
What do you got there, Biz?
The only thing I forgot to mention when we were breaking down Boston and Columbus
was the fact that in that overtime goal that Coyle scored,
Wierenski, and kids, this is a lesson to you.
Don't stop playing until you hear the whistle.
Wierenski thought that play was offside.
He stops backpedaling and he puts his arm up.
And that gave Coyle that extra step in order to beat him back to the net.
That was the reason that Coyle had that back and tap in from Johansson.
So, like, I used to be a little bit guilty of it sometimes too
where I would always put my arm up.
But kids, unless you hear that whistle and you think it's offside,
just keep playing because that one ended up costing them a game.
Bernsie put it up my hoop tonight to the tune of about 1750.
So shout out Brent Burns for that one.
I bet Colorado on the puck line.
Well, I had a money line, but I had a puck line.
They actually scored the empty netter.
They go up two goals, and then Bernsie scored with 10 seconds left.
So instead of winning 1250, I lost 500.
Well, guess what?
We're just going to make the money back sound as T-shirts.
Sorry, Bernsie.
Bugsy Bernsie.
Boys, I think we've pretty much covered it all.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
We're bummed out that our boy Witt couldn't be here tonight, Biz,
but I think he'd be happy with what he did in his steed.
Yeah. Love you, Witter.
Hopefully you don't die. We need you.
Alright, everybody.
Listen, have a great week. Enjoy the playoffs
and we'll check back with you Thursday.
Money, money, money, money. Money, money, money, money.
Money.
Money, money, money, money.
Money, money, money, money.
