Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 172 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
We're coming to you from the Intercontinental Hotel here in Boston.
Biz Nasty is in town. What is going on, buddy? Welcome to Boston. I do not stay at the Intercontinental. Is that a Drake line in one of his rap songs?
I don't know. All I know is he mushes every team he likes.
Absolutely. Great to be here.
I love recording live and very excited to be sitting next to R.A.
who's got a cough and who's been hacking all over me for the last 30, I guess 10 minutes.
I won't exaggerate it.
So if I get sick, R.A., I'm going to be fucking pissed, bro.
Just don't blame any STDs on me.
Next up, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, buddy?
Guys, what's up?
It's a pleasure to be back, man.
Getting that Ironman streak.
Thank you for a couple clicks.
Not too many.
A couple clicks for the new guy.
If you play hockey, you know what we're talking about.
I mean, listen, guys.
That was a battle.
That was a grind.
I was thinking about coming in here like an Asian in an airport with a mask on,
but I'm good now, dude.
I'm money now.
I'm feeling great.
That night, I don't know if you want me to bring you through the night.
Oh, yeah, let's go.
Let's get the Coles notes.
Holy shit, boys.
Holy shit.
So, Saturday morning, planned on going to the game with a buddy, his wife and my wife.
A little night in at the Bruins game, second round.
So I'm going to play golf in the morning.
I wake up.
She's like, I don't feel very good.
I'm like, do I have to cancel golf?
She's like, no, my mom's coming to get right.
I was like, okay, yeah, I feel better.
No, thank you.
All right, I'll be home after.
I'll be home after.
She's like, all right.
I get a text on the third hole. I'm even through three. Not a big home after. She's like, all right. I get a text on the third hole.
I'm even through three.
Not a big deal.
And she's like, listen, I'm puking now.
I'm done.
Ryder's at my mom's, but I'm not going to game.
You got to get someone else to go.
I'm like, oh, shucks.
All right.
I'll text a buddy.
So I text a buddy.
He's in.
All right.
And then I tell my other buddy who's bringing his wife.
Hey, like, breeze out.
So he's like, oh, all right.
Well, as long as my wife or something do, I'll get a buddy, too. So wife hey like breeze out so he's like oh all right well uh as
long as my wife or something do i'll get a buddy too so we'll we're like boys so uh you know all
right so fired up i get home she's sick i'm just sitting there i'm helping her out being a good
husband you know doing all the things you're supposed to do when your significant other's sick
ra should know that and i head into the game feeling great we meet up for beers before having
a great old time.
We all hammer the Bruins.
They go up 1-0.
We're drinking beers.
We're just, it's perfect.
Like, end of the third period, first overtime, I'm like, oh, I'm not feeling great, boys.
Like, I'm not feeling good.
They're like, really?
I'm like, yeah, I don't know.
Like, I'm kind of pretty sick.
I don't know.
I'm kind of worried.
Am I getting sick? Like, no, you'll be fine fine just drink a little bit more so you know another course light
i'm like shit something wrong by the way in the middle of all this i'm like fucking around with
my wedding ring thing goes flying to like two rows in front of me i'm like i'm like that thing's gone
i'm like i'll get it after it's probably somebody's feet obviously forgot to get it. You'll know why in a minute.
I end up going to the bathroom.
Running to the bathroom at the intermission before double OT.
I'm in there fucking puking.
I'm shitting.
It's a disaster in a garden bathroom. Oh, my God.
Please tell me it was a private suite bathroom.
It was a club level, but it wasn't.
But no, I mean, there wasn't like people. I mean, there was people in there. It wasn't private suite bathroom. It was a club level, but it was not. But it wasn't. But no, I mean, there wasn't like people.
I mean, there was people in there.
It wasn't my own unit.
Dude.
So I walk out of the stall.
There's this one guy in there.
He's like, Whitney.
Holy fuck.
How banged up are you?
You drunk.
I'm like, fuck you.
I'm sick.
He's like, yeah, whatever, buddy.
Holy fuck.
Go Bruins.
So I like stumble back
to the seat this is now i had gone once i ran back again now i come back and it's the it's
plays going on right this is now in the second intermission you can't get back to your seat
till the whistle dushane scores i'm standing up top like this so i'm just like fuck i'm white as
a ghost just dying i'm like oh my god my buddies walk by like are you all right i'm like no
so i'm walking out now our podcast is successful right people enjoy it especially in boston i'm at
the game a lot of people are recognizing me they're like whitney how fucked up are you
figure out how to drink i'm walking by people i'm like shut the fuck i know i know the flu
so i go outside i'm standing outside waiting because my in-laws were at the game.
I texted my father.
I'm like, dude, I need a ride home.
I'm fucked up.
He's like, all right, I'll come get you.
I'm at a streetlight.
People are walking by like, you pussy Whitney.
Holy fuck.
Spitting shit.
Can't drink.
I was honestly leaning against the streetlight.
Like, shut the fuck up, buddy.
I'm sick.
You have no idea.
I could drink you under the
table fuck off and people are just laughing at me so i end up getting in the car i puke in his car
no dude i got i got the window down but it's covered the side of his car oh that's all right
as long as you're not going inside get the 250 uber charge yeah i i said that i go dude if i
was in an uber the guy'd probably kick me out right now. So I got home all night throwing up.
Next day, woke up, called Grinnelli.
Couldn't do it, but I wanted you guys to know, listen, there was no chance I was podcasting that.
Oh, no, that's fine.
You know when you're sick.
I had nothing in the tank.
But now I'm back.
All right.
Have you missed an episode yet?
No.
So you have your Iron Man streak going.
Yeah, I guess I do.
Yeah, you do.
I also have an iron man streak
as well yeah all right show up granelli and collect paychecks you got the best job in the
world you got no no no no and and i'm sorry if i offended you there granelle you do you put in a
lot of work because when we finish the podcast you usually have to uh go the rest of the night by by
editing it so those people listening who chirp Grinnelli online,
this guy is working in the trenches constantly.
And a big reason probably why this happened.
So I wake up the other morning,
and I have a bad habit of always checking my phone when I wake up.
I wish I didn't.
You know.
So I go to Instagram, and sure as shit,
the first thing that pops up is a spit and chiclets Instagram.
I know what you're talking about.
And in the last episode, there was a few things I said.
I said Tyson Berry deserves 9 million.
Obviously, he's my buddy.
People think I'm delusional.
I know.
I'm just tire pumping my buddy.
He's probably going to get 7.5 million, maybe closer to 8 million.
Hey, keep going like this.
But hey, if he scores next game, it's going to be 11 million
because I'm his agent now.
Anyway, so I said something about Seth Jones
and probably how he's,
I would say he's probably in the top five
to minimum top eight defenseman in the league.
Oh, he's incredible.
Well, Grinelli grabbed my quote
and it's there, so I read it
and then I look up and it's Cam Atkinson.
This picture.
Now, I'm like, no way.
I'm like, is this Spittin' Chicklets meme?
Is this like a funny thing?
Seth's black, I think.
So I text the group chat.
I go, did you post this and screenshot it?
And he goes, yes, like with no other reply.
And I'm like, you know Seth Jones is black, right?
And he's like, yeah. Yes, Ih jones is black right and he's like yeah yes i know and i'm like his mother's white well that guy it could be the whitest guy in the world other
than ryan whitney from connecticut yeah it's cam atkinson but so to be fair this guy's up grinding
all night chopping the podcast so he's probably not seeing straight he's on his phone all day
keeping up with the instagrams and the tweets.
Getty Images got you, right?
Fuck Getty Images.
Getty Images fucked me so hard. So I go on Getty to type in to find the picture for the Photoshop.
I type in Seth Jones.
I click on the most popular picture of Seth Jones, which just happened to be a picture of Cam Atkinson.
Well, probably because they messed up and put Cam Atkinson and everyone's just laughing about it. So I look at the picture. It says Seth Jones, which just happened to be a picture of Cam Atkinson. Well, probably because they messed up and put Cam Atkinson and everyone's just laughing about it.
So I look at the picture.
It says Seth Jones.
I look at his jersey number.
It says three.
You can't really see the one.
Not my fault.
Seth Jones isn't the darkest dude in the world.
You know, I mean, I think he's half black.
So I wasn't sure.
So I'm thinking it could be the end of a long shift.
You know, he's gassed.
He's white in the face. He's, you know, he's been out there for a while. I don't know. He I'm thinking it could be the end of a long shift. You know, he's gassed. He's white in the face.
He's been out there for a while.
I don't know.
He's white.
He went white.
Ricochet shot.
He's saying he's light-skinned brother.
I don't know.
I think he's kind of like, he's like a half guy.
Yeah.
I mean, either way, the fact, your response on this chicklet group chat was so funny.
He goes, yes.
I was like, then, uh, Getty Images fucked me.
Yeah, well, they did.
They did.
Whoever was wearing a Getty did fuck up the caption on Getty Images.
I mean, they should know that you could see the three on the jersey, but the helmet was
right there.
You could see the one three on the helmet.
What were some of the comments?
Because you got it down pretty quick.
It was up for about three minutes, and it had about 150 comments.
And the top comment was who runs this
clown show instagram so people who uh who rip on the instagram or the tweets if grinelli gets one
little thing wrong but this guy's at it all day all night running both accounts he's our horse
oh speaking of another scenario was he uh he was pumping Adam Fox's tires.
And I would say a feminist came at him pretty good.
Because he said he's, I think, the only college hockey defenseman to ever average over a point and a half.
Per game.
Per game.
Meanwhile, he averaged one.
He was a point and a half.
It was 1.45.
Right.
So he just rounded up whatever.
And then, obviously, all the people who just want to stir shit up on Twitter went after him.
All over.5, they went after you over that many.
Whatever.
People are always going to be nerds about it, so he chimed back.
People usually fall back and forth.
You can chirp them back, and they'll be like,
ah, whatever, we chirp each other.
While this girl goes at him and lists off like 10 female NCAA hockey players
who had had over a point a game defenseman,
female defenseman who had gone over a point and a half per game,
basically insinuating like he was being sexist for not including the women in it,
where it's like, Jesus Christ, man.
So she kind of was going after Barstool a little bit,
and I killed her with kindness.
Oh, my God.
That's just a little ridiculous.
So also I wanted to tell you guys,
I listened to my first ever spit and chiclets.
That's wild.
Puke.
So as you know, I don't like listening to my voice.
I've never listened, but I was like, I got to catch up.
I got to see how the boys did without me.
So I'm listening.
So I wrote down a couple things.
It's basically like watching tape. You know what I'm listening so i wrote down a couple things wrote down it's basically like watching tape you know what i mean so i wrote down a couple things opening song who
fucking picked that song granoli picks all the music what is that song that was uh that was some
song by aerosmith that song sucks okay okay that song we've used it like 15 times oh my god that's
it's like have you heard it it's's like, oh, I don't know.
And then the guy's just like, ooh.
I was like, what is this beginning?
Either way.
You guys had me laughing.
Grinnelli's just getting shit canned today.
I support you on the music, Mike.
By the way, what was the last thing I had here?
Oh, step on interview.
Awesome.
I really enjoyed listening to him.
Funny guy.
The one thing he said that I was like,
I have to bring up.
If kids on official
recruiting visits aren't getting banged
up anymore, I think he said, I don't know if
they do that anymore, I'll puke.
Because that's what official visits
were. That's what they are. You go there,
you have an absolute time, the boys get
you buckled, and you enjoy college
life. So if that's changed, I'm disgusted and embarrassed to ever have been a college hockey player.
Hopefully that's going to always remain one of the things you do is get after it with the boys on an official visit.
Other than that, you guys sounded great.
I missed being on there.
There were things that I was like, oh, I would have said this.
I would have said this.
So I might have to check in another one after this.
Maybe I'll become a listener now.
I was driving home Last trip for me
This season
At NHL Network
I'm sorry everyone
You know I know
Sometimes you like
To see the nerdy wit
On television
At NHL Net
But I was driving
Driving on 95
Through these shit bag
Towns in Connecticut
Fucking Norwalk
Stanford
Danbury
Greenwich
And I just started
Thinking back We used to play The And I just started thinking back.
We used to play the Connecticut.
I just think it back to these rich little spoiled Connecticut kids that were good at hockey.
The Connecticut Yankees are a team we used to play against.
I fucking hated these kids so much.
Now I've grown to.
Ryan Shannon, I grew up playing against him.
We've become buddies.
God, did I hate these kids growing up.
Little rich fucks, Connecticut Yankees.
What a name if you're from Connecticut.
But they're a great team.
But I'm done doing that
drive until next NHL season
and I'm chicklets here moving forward.
Love it. We're happy to have you back
and all your energy.
R.A., I have
to bring this up. The Simpsons
were all over the Ottawa
Senators recently.
You must have been stroking your cock after that.
This is incredible
yeah my feed was full of it on twitter uh the only thing is i just i mean i haven't watched
the simpsons in years so i was like okay that's funny but it just wasn't the same oomph like maybe
15 20 years ago i mean it's cool the simpsons i did a hockey thing but i i guess like i just
i don't have that same plaque and passion for the latest simpsons it's the first everyone knows the
first 10 seasons but if you're the senators you're the Senators, you're like,
we can't even get by the goddamn
Simpsons. I think you've got to embrace
it if you're Ottawa. I think we
talked about it. The guy chugging the beer.
And now all of a sudden you're on the Simpsons
of one of the most famous cartoons, if not
the most famous cartoon of all time.
Hey, I think
you take that as a win, Ottawa Senators fans.
And let's keep the ball rolling here.
We got some momentum.
You guys are going to be fine.
Did you hear about the controversy, the little fallout after?
I guess there was a scene.
You know Ralph Wiggum, the dummy classmate and Lisa's classmate?
Let me guess.
Somebody was offended by his character?
Yes.
He said they were doing something about Newfoundland,
and they were doing something about Newfies.
And he's like, look at me.
I'm a Newfie.
And then he like clubs like a stuffed baby seal
and knocks the tat off.
He's like, I'm a Newfie.
I'm a Newfie.
So needless to say, you know.
People got pissed at that?
Oh, yeah.
Newfies were pissed.
I mean, I don't know how pissed they were.
They should have just had him crack open a beer
and crush it and say, I'm a New fiend, as opposed to crushing the baby seal.
That would have probably gone over well.
Yeah, I could see why people might have took offense to it.
Or they have him get screeched in and then get a kill.
Or have him get STD, because a lot of them don't wear rubbers out there.
St. FX, we talked about that.
Or George Street, just get after it.
Is St. FX near there?
I don't know.
We played them at BU once.
That's a college, right?
Yeah, it's a Canadian college.
I don't think that's in New England. I think they're
close to there. Anywhere around there. Maybe
it's closer to Halifax. I'm not great
with the geography thing. I think you guys know that.
But do you guys want to jump
into some hockey here? Sure. Hey, me, Phil
English, that's impossible. Before we do...
I don't even know what that's from, who said
it, anything, but I still... I'll say
this. His delivery on the Simpson jokes are way better in person.
Yes, yes.
Very good.
I dealt with him in person for many episodes.
I always liked him a little more then as well.
So getting into these playoffs, this is incredible.
We're halfway through the second round,
and it's one of the most memorable playoffs I can ever imagine.
So the fact that we've got these teams going on right
now I know that there's not some you know
there's some teams that aren't very traditional that
look like they could be in the Easter Carpets final
the Stanley Cup so it's just a crazy year
and we can get into it first with
who Carolina New York and before
we do that one thing we didn't mention on
the podcast in the last few episodes
was the fact that you know there was
some crazy shit that went down in the first round.
Of course, the Sharks, Golden Knights, and Leafs-Bruins Game 2.
And shockingly enough, the referees from Leafs-Bruins Game 2
and the Knights-Sharks Game 7 are no longer working the playoffs.
And apparently they were supposed to keep going and working the games,
and the league felt that, hey, let's put these guys on the shelf
just based on the amount of traction it gained online.
I respect that.
That's punishment for not doing your job correctly.
You get healthy scratched if you fucking play like shit in a game.
I mean, you have a bad night, and that's what happens.
Yeah, I'm not sure how the
conversation goes behind the scenes i would imagine that they're also trying to protect these guys too
because like if you put if you put these guys right back in the mix who knows how they're
going to react like you know maybe they're going to be nervous and second guessing themselves even
more after that type of stuff happens so um i i think we got to be a little sympathetic as to the fact that these guys
made a mistake and all of a sudden they're just getting dragged
through the mud for
a week online.
Someone sent a tweet,
I don't know who it was,
because NBA has a lot of issues
with officiating, even more so.
They're having enormous issues and I think
Mark Cuban went on a rant about it.
It's always an issue in the playoffs, especially as social media gets bigger and bigger.
But there was a quote, and it was Kevin McHale talking about going after a ref when he was playing back in the day.
And he's like, what the fuck are you doing tonight?
Just flip it on this ref.
And this goes a long way.
As a former player, this would go a long way.
The ref says, Kevin, dude, I'm just having an off night.
As a player, you have them too.
Like, I'm having a bad night right now.
And Kevin goes, I'm not saying one more word to you.
I'm not saying one more word to you.
Because just to say that to me, dude, things are moving quick tonight.
I ain't got it tonight.
It happens as players.
It happens as refs.
I think to be open as a ref and say that means a lot.
And think about the San Jose situation.
Maybe when that puck was dropped,
for whatever reason he was thinking about a play before that,
where he's thinking nothing significant is going to happen
right off the puck drop,
so he hadn't just tuned in right away,
whereas that split second that he missed,
it's like, oh, shit.
It's like Kerry Frazier talked about.
That one second where he said that guy was in his sight line,
he missed the play, and he didn't see it, so he couldn't call it.
They said if you don't see what happened, you can't call it.
So basically the opposite happened.
And if you follow Kerry Frazier on Twitter,
he kind of explained and went through what his feelings were regarding that
and plenty of other stuff in the officiating with this Stanley Cup playoffs.
Kerry Frazier, if you're listening, I owe you a text back.
He sent me a text.
I've been running around.
But he said he's got something in the works with golf.
I've got to give him a call back.
Apparently, he's a stick.
I told you about this.
I texted you the whole thing, how he wants you to join his golf club.
He talked about it with Biz.
It's like this exclusive golf club he wants you to join.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah, I texted you one time.
No response, but I'm sure you were busy.
You do a lot for us. Hold on.
All right, guys, let me call him back.
What's the worst thing you ever said to a referee, Biz, in any level?
You know, I didn't play much, of course.
And I was really good to the refs in the NHL.
Like, I would always get them water.
Like, I know you think I'm probably kidding. That was your job.
But I would put water bottle in a Gatorade
bottle because I would always sit closest to the middle
where the linesman
would come over and just stand between the benches.
I think that's just protocol, so there's no Donnie
Brooks in between TV timeouts.
But
I mean,
yeah, I would imagine there's a few times I
fucking lost it.
I snapped once and Mark Recchi made me go apologize after the game.
What did you say?
On a linesman who got an offside call incorrect, I think it was.
I don't remember who the linesman was.
I think I just called him.
I don't know.
It was bad.
Either way, it wasn't great.
And Reckie's like, dude, I was a rookie, too.
He's like, what the fuck are you doing? He's like, go in there and apologize to that guy i was like i'm sorry sorry he's like it's
all right buddy the guy knew i think he respected rex wrecking ball being like dude what are you
doing he's like it's all right i'm just gonna drink drink away my sorrow wearing number like
51 at the time i don't know i i think i still had six before 19 but either way i had no business
talking to a ref like that or a lining.
I mean, the refs, the league has to do something, but they don't want to roast them online, so to speak, too much.
I mean, they have to sort of discipline them for the mistakes, but they don't want to go too heavy on them.
I just want them to maybe do a little bit of media after.
Yeah.
How fucking awesome would that be?
Media can ask them a question.
They can explain, I just missed it, or they can explain their opinion.
It'll never happen, but it would be must-watch TV.
Yeah, I think it would.
And like you said, Whit, the first round was great.
Sometimes we get a shitty second round over the years,
but that's not happening this time.
Carolina, the Islanders, Wednesday night in a raucous Raleigh barn,
the Carolina Hurricanes, continued their unlikely march to the Wales finals
by pushing the Islanders to the brink with the 5-2 win in game four two empty netters made it look like a blowout was much
closer than that the story of the game for me was Curtis McElhinney it's a guy I've talked about
quite a bit on the show 35 year old journeyman backup was very good made 28 saves he won his
first ever playoff start becoming the oldest goalie to start his first playoff game and we
did mention last time his three first appearances
were for three different teams.
That's the first guy.
And they were all in relief.
Amazing story.
I'm really happy for the guy.
And I'll say this before I let Witt go off on that series.
Imagine Carolina wins the Cup.
They are banged up right now going through injuries.
They've had to use both goalies,
which was a question for Panger you actually had,
who's going to be joining us later,
is teams that have the advantage of going with two guys all year.
Yeah.
And one guy doesn't get burnt out.
We kind of talked about that going into playoffs
where that's where they might have the advantage.
Very similar to the Islanders situation,
although they have went with Leonard this entire
playoffs, but
it is amazing what they've done.
It's just that next guy up mentality.
Extremely
well coached. They haven't stopped what they're
doing.
What was the other thing I wanted to mention
about them?
The fact that they got that extra
day before the game was huge for them
because they are a little banged up guys are a little tired where they got back probably because
of that maybe well correct because he he took warm-up not knowing if he was going to play or
not correct that's what rob brindamore said and he so he got the green light and i mean you look
at the islanders where they're probably like,
man, we're sitting on these two losses for an extra off day.
It fucking sucks, man.
There's a lot of thinking that's going on in your head.
You just want the puck to drop when you're in that situation.
So just amazing what they've done
and how many guys have stepped up for them
in order to be where they're at right now.
It's awesome to watch.
And back to McElhinney,
that stat of being the oldest goalie
to ever start a playoff game is awesome.
The guy before who did it, I don't
remember his name, which is bad of me because I
just saw this graphic they put up
at NHL Network. I think the picture
was black and white.
I think it was. If it wasn't black
and white, it was like the original
Technicolor. Then Grinelli sent
it in from getty images
wait that was a perfect see-up
so either way the fact that they have him is is interesting because they would have never got him
when toronto put him on waivers if scott darling hadn't got hurt right before camp after we talked
to him yeah and so that was a bad luck that was a bummermer for Darls. But they grabbed him when that injury happened.
And Toronto did not want to lose him.
They risked it.
But they lost him.
And people said before, like, oh, the Islanders, they're going to get to play against the backup.
Dude, he's not the backup.
Mrazic and McElhinney were a tandem this year.
It was those two guys.
And it was not one's better than the other.
Mrazic got the start in the playoffs because he got a little hot
down the stretch. That's all it was.
McElhinney coming in and then getting a start
was not a step down for the
Hurricanes. Mrazic, but in Austin, I felt bad
for him. You saw him slam a stick. He was bummed out that
he got hurt, but still, they
have a guy that's able to go in
and do a great job and get a win. What a cool story
that is. The Islanders.
The Islanders. Let me talk to you about the new york islanders or the brooklyn islanders as dave portnoy is calling
them now because it's a different team that's for sure that's for sure yeah when you're playing in
a different arena my first thing is to all you islanders fans i actually feel really bad for you
because it sucks that you weren't able to play this round in the nassau policy that that blows
and even as a fan watching these games those two games suck to watch it's not even fun it was quiet
guys eating sushi it's just it isn't what hockey is and they have this incredible home ice advantage
at the collie that they just don't have so it really sucks as an islanders fan because i can
almost guarantee it wouldn't have been 2-0 Carolina.
Having said all that, they lost that game yesterday.
They gave a valiant effort.
It's 2-2.
They go down 3-2.
They got two shots in the final 14 minutes.
Two fucking shots on net in the final 14 minutes when you need a goal.
So you can complain all you want about anything else.
You do not have the offense with your season on the line.
And you know what's
weird is I picked him. People say
you picked him to mush him.
You picked him to mush him. You have the power
to pick against who you want
to. You can pick who you want to
lose by picking them to win because you're that much of a
mush. But you're that much of a mush. Fucking Thanos over here.
But you're that much of a mush.
Maybe that's true.
Maybe I have some money on Carolina in this series once I picked them in the Spitting Chicklets podcast,
and then I realized what's going to happen.
Maybe this was all a plan.
But you know what?
In the end, in the end, Islanders, I told you.
I told you all year you wouldn't make the playoffs.
I was wrong. I admitted it. I told you all year. You wouldn't make the playoffs. I was wrong.
I admitted it. I told you you
wouldn't beat the Penguins. I was wrong.
I admitted it.
I also told you you wouldn't do shit
in the long run. You wouldn't win the Stanley Cup.
And I was right. You do not
have the offense to compete
at a high level in the Stanley Cup playoffs.
They have three goals in three games.
Two of which have gone off the Carolina Hurricanes.
You have one goal in the second round scored off your stick
without hitting a white or red jersey.
You are not that good of a team.
And Borelli and the rest of your pack of mutants that come after me,
I've been correct.
I've been wrong before, but I've been correct this round.
So to understand me saying,
I wasn't rooting for you to lose. I picked you.
I picked
you guys. So in the end,
I was right about what this team had
in this round moving forward. It sucks
to see because they got screwed on a
plane in their home building. I don't think
they'll get swept. You can't get swept, guys.
You just swept someone. Don't make me
film a video of me sweeping up
my kitchen floors. The floors just got redone. It looks great. Don't make me film a video of me sweeping up my kitchen floors. The floors just got redone.
It looks great.
Don't make me a video of sweeping up my kitchen floor with maybe a cutout picture of the Islanders,
Borelli's face, Borelli's pizza, and like a Brooklyn Islanders logo.
I don't want to do that.
I don't want to have to do that.
But that video could come if there is a sweep.
Yeah.
To try to actually bid.
And by the way, sorry.
I'm all over the map.
Brock Nelson, padding, Matt Guajani on the head.
What are you doing, Brock?
American hero, Borelli calls you.
What are you doing?
I'm hoping we get up to that beauty league and we can talk to him.
I think he's a Minnesota guy, right?
Maybe we could talk to him about that this summer.
No idea, but yeah, I'm a big karma guy.
He was getting a little cocky there.
And then not only that ra
but he goes around the net and gives dougie hamilton a little cold shoulder yeah and by the
way like i love i love this whole dougie hamilton uh escapades during these playoffs because
obviously he was uh ripped on pretty hard for dodging the ovechkin hit that led to a goal
has there been a guy in this playoffs
who's been more abused than Dougie Hamilton
and just kind of like, whatever,
he just puts his head down and takes it?
Yeah, he's getting the last laugh, isn't he?
Yes, he is. He's just keeping calm.
Yeah, and in case our listeners weren't sure
what we were talking about,
after Josh Bailey tied the game out,
Brock Nelson decided to pat Curtis McElhinney on the head,
kind of like, good kid, good kid type thing.
And after that, the Islanders were outscored,
3-0, completely outplayed.
So you wonder, what do you think in doing that?
I mean, it's a pretty condescending thing
to do to a PIA in the league, isn't it?
And it also probably could have gotten a way bigger response.
Like, if somebody pats your goalie on the head,
you can go sucker him, I think.
Yeah, yeah.
It's kind of crazy.
Yeah, yeah.
Go drink out of his water bottle behind the
net yeah that's right i mean that's even worse i would say patting the goalie on the head after
he gets scored on than drinking his water to actually like touch him and like yeah walk him
now i'll play devil's advocate here maybe it was a flyby where he's worried because
but mack laney was a little bit far of his net where he was just making sure if i make contact
with him i wanted to make sure i was i was coming in peace where it was like a little tap either way you could say that
sure so that's maybe how uh how why he did it that might be how some islanders fans may have
interpreted it where it wasn't malicious now i i wouldn't have been pleased about it and if i was
dougie hamilton after he did that and then got the cold shoulder, I would have hit the eject button on my gloves
and I would have caved that fucking guy's face in.
Now that's just me.
I'm a little bit more old school.
Don't touch my fucking goalie.
And in Carolina's case, two guys that I wrote down on my phone here,
Justin Williams.
How long has he been doing this for Christ's sake?
151 playoff games.
He's still scoring.
He got that goal last night on the sickest play by Ajo.
If people want to argue, talk about that play.
Leonard made a good job stopping the puck on a rim around.
He then did a good job of getting the puck in the air.
That's the goalie's job.
Get it in the air to get it around the forward.
While Ajo's hand-eye is such a complete joke.
Knocks it out of midair.
Then throws this perfect pass to Justin Williams. He didn't get a ton on it, but still.eye is such a complete joke. Knocks it out in midair, then throws this perfect pass to Justin Williams,
who didn't get a ton on it, but still enough to get a huge goal.
And he gave an interview after on the ice, and it's like,
this guy's been scoring big goals in the playoffs for like 15 years.
Well, eventually you're just playing with the house's money,
where in most cases a lot of guys would be nervous in those situations,
where he's like, even if I don't score, my resume speaks for itself.
But then he's like, oops, just so happens he's in the right place at the right time
because he's so relaxed because he is playing with the house's money.
And then bloop.
And never, that guy never played in the NHL, never spent the game.
He has no clue.
Oh, one of those guys.
One of those guys that went from two years in the O to the NHL and just hasn't stopped.
Like Derek Stepon.
And one thing that we did forget to mention was he had a hat trick in his first game.
Ever NHL game.
Oh, yeah.
So we didn't bring that up.
Did he?
He was very humble about it.
He was like, yeah, I scored a couple and Tort said I could stick around.
He had a hat trick.
That's the only thing.
Oh, you got to fucking yell that off the top of a roof, bro.
In that interview, he didn't mention that?
You're right.
Yeah.
What a joke.
Step-on's humbleness made me want to puke.
Just kidding, Step.
Love you.
But I actually got a text from Sean Avery after and says,
how do you not ask him about the assist on that third goal he scored?
And I'm like, oh, who assisted on it?
He's like, I did.
He goes goes it was
the nicest assist i've ever seen in my life sean avery talking about his own assist on derrick
step on school that we didn't mention on the podcast so sorry for not bringing that up for
all you rangers fans but uh there you go how soon before we got a headline former uh nhl is shot
dead by homeless man on fifth avenue oh the one the other day, I actually laughed out loud.
He's like, bro, it's too early for this.
It was like, not yet.
So that's just beautiful stuff, his Instagram wars.
Last person I want to mention on Carolina, Jacob Slavin.
Dude, did you steal my notes?
No, no, I'm a fucking note machine in my head.
I don't need that computer.
R.A. has 5,000 stickers on his computer.
Grateful Dead, Star Trek.
No, don't be saying the dead.
There's four Star Wars.
What's the Clemson Tiger in there for?
Dude, you know what's funny?
Yeti.
I guess he got a Yeti and decided,
I'm going to put the sticker on my computer.
Actually, when we were down in New York for...
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
New York.
New York. Whatever hotel we were down in New York for... Whoa, whoa, whoa. New York. New York.
Whatever hotel we were at, I walked out, and I had a Houston hat on.
And the Jets were playing Houston that day.
A bunch of Houston people were like, hey, y'all, what's going on?
Are you from Houston?
I'm like, no, from Boston.
And they were big Clemson fans because the quarterback on the Texans was a Clemson guy.
And they gave you a sticker for your Clemson Tigers.
There you go.
Really?
Total rambunctious.
Okay, that makes sense.
Well, back to Jacob Slavin.
11 assists in the playoffs right now, which is outstanding.
And this guy's playing an enormous role.
He's a great skater.
I don't think people know a lot about this guy.
I don't blame you because Carolina, you don't see him on national TV.
This has been a surprise season.
But he is a horse.
And I remember a couple years ago,
he had a play on Connor McDavid that really opened
my eyes for how good of a skater he was.
And the pass last night to Tara Vinen on the
first goal was awesome. Just a seeing eye
through the box pass that was perfect.
And it's a guy that's kind of like Carolina's
whole season. Playing
out of their mind after having
an off year last year, as the whole team did.
So it's a guy that's really carrying that D,
and it's a good D.
Of course, a guy like Dak gets lost
playing in not a major market,
but he was one of the guys who got sent by the Carolina,
or if not the only guy,
to the NHL Media Day in Chicago.
So we did a What's in the Box.
Oh, really?
He never made it anywhere?
Well, yeah, it didn't end up making it.
He's a pretty quiet
guy i ended up getting married last summer he was an interesting guy i spoke to him a little bit
afterward and uh but you know when people get sent to those obviously this kid's a good player yeah
they send their big dog i just don't know enough about the league where i knew who he was i don't
follow carolina that closely but i was like i'm to keep an eye on this kid, and he's been unbelievable.
If you were not faking
being sick last episode, you would have heard me talk
about all these D around
the NHL playoffs who have been having
some coming out parties, and
he's probably at the top of the list.
I got laughed at for giving Carolina's D the
edge over the Islanders, because it was based
on basically Slavin and Hamilton. He actually
has 12 assists. He's got two more.
He's tied for the league.
He's got one on the empty netters, I guess, or something.
Yeah, he's tied for the league leading.
I actually think that's crazy that you got laughed at for that
because I would say overall team defense going into that series,
I would have given Islanders the nod just based on their structure
and Trotz's systems.
But Falk, how about his goal too?
That was sick.
How nice is it to get to come out of the penalty box and actually get the breakaway?
It's a dream.
You kill off the...
Please, please, please.
Well, your team just killed it off and then you get to score a goal by coming out of...
You get rewarded for taking a minor.
Yeah.
He also was...
I didn't realize his fourth round pick, man.
I mean, that's a fucking gem to find in the fourth round.
Never missed the game.
And last but not least, Hurricanes fans, that building was banana lands.
We have to tip our cap to you.
I mean, it's hard to give the advantage to one building.
I said on TV that they asked what's the hardest building left to play.
And granted, they're all tough besides Brooklyn.
And I was like, I think Carolina might be right there.
Carolina might be there.
And Scott Stevens told me when he played them later in his career,
near the end of his career in the Devils in a playoff series,
he's like, it was a complete madhouse.
So it's great to see, and those fans deserve it.
I understand why they don't necessarily show up a ton when the team isn't good.
But when they're good, they come in droves and they're loud.
And included in that fan base are the cheerleaders they have.
And they are nice.
Rockets?
Rockets.
I actually met a group of them.
Remember walking by Dallas?
I actually met a group of them over Christmas break
when I was at the barstool Christmas party.
We went out after that Bowery bar,
and we met a group of six or seven of them.
I'll leave it at that.
But awesome, awesome group of girls, very attractive.
And what do we got next?
I would say the tailgating helps out, too,
because people get nice and juiced up.
There's a tailgating scene down there.
That factors in.
People are more gassed up.
They're going to make a lot more noise in the building, too.
And I would also put them in a level of class with nashville predators fans whereas they're they're not too aggressive online
all they want all they demanded all year was just for other people's respects for their team
and and they they're not very malicious they're not the type of uh fan base like let's use frankie
as an example not a lot of frankie borelli's in the Carolina Hurricanes. Frankie's just a wounded
dog now. I mean,
I called him a psychopath, which he is,
and I haven't even heard from the kid anymore.
What happened to him?
He had a battle going.
This series is not over.
I've seen crazier things before. We've seen
a reverse sweep in
the last few years when the Kings did it
to the San Jose Sharks.
So let's not count Frankie out.
And keep in mind, we still got some picks here that we got to hopefully get right.
Yeah, actually had some notes on that.
The Islanders are trying to avoid becoming just the fourth team to get swept in the second
round after doing the sweeping in the first round.
They swept Pittsburgh.
What a shame.
A hundred and ninety times in NHL history a team has trailed 3-0.
Four of those, 190, rallied back to win, like we just said.
75-0 in one of them, so who knows?
They got a little historical precedence there.
They could do it.
As for the Canes, since being down 3-2 to the cap,
they've reeled off five straight wins with three of them coming on the road.
Outscored opponents 17-8.
They've done it with two different goalies, and they're undefeated at home 4-0.
So I don't know, man.
I think the Isles are toast.
I think they get a game.
They better get a game.
You can't let me make that video in my kitchen.
That it for that?
Yeah, I'm just trying to imagine Frankie Borelli
and how he's doing.
I think we've got to move on to the next series, though.
Boys, real quick before we go any further,
I want to talk to you for a second about DoorDash.
It's dinner time, but your stomach is rumbling, and you
still don't know what you're going to eat tonight. Sound
familiar? With DoorDash, you don't need
to get up from the couch to get a good meal going.
DoorDash connects you to
all your favorite restaurants in your city.
Ordering is easy. Just use the DoorDash
app and choose what you want to eat, and your
Dash will bring it right to you wherever you are.
Not only is that burger place you love on DoorDash already,
but over 310,000 other amazing restaurants are too.
DoorDash connects you with door-to-door delivery in over 3,300 cities
in all 50 states across the United States and Canada.
Order from your local go-tos or choose from your favorite chains like
Chipotle, Wendy's, Chick-fil-A, and the Cheesecake Factory.
Don't worry about dinner.
Let dinner come to you with DoorDash.
Right now, our listeners can get 5 off their first order when you download the DoorDash app and enter the promo code CHICKLETS.
That's 5 off your first order when you download the DoorDash app from the App Store and enter promo code CHICKLETS.
Again, that's promo code CHICKLETS for 5 off your first order from DoorDash.
Lots to talk about in this one.
Columbus Blue Jackets won their first ever second round home game Tuesday
as they beat the Bruins 2-1 in a nail-biting, eventful Game 3
to snag a 2-1 series lead.
The talk of this one, Brad Marchand, little shots of the back of the head.
I got shit online.
I called it dirty, but I also said he wasn't going to get
suspended he didn't get suspended
Biz you said you had a lot to say about this
what you take brother
oh man okay well
let's first off by saying I
established that I thought it was dirty
and cowardly
I'm a little more old school
that's been established I thought it was a little
aggressive of a punch. I wasn't crazy about how hard it was and the guy was on his knees.
I love Brad Marchand in the way he plays and in the way he competes. I think he's great for the
league in the simple fact that he's polarizing and he brings entertainment constantly i mean as you can see we're now talking about him again as was the entire universe
hockey universe anyway the last 48 hours uh i wasn't crazy about that one uh if he would have
gotten a game i i would have been okay with it and and i know that that i i didn't think he was going to get a game similar to what ra said i just i was like damn like i've kind of not made excuses for him but
hey i was like you know he used to play like that he's done some dirty things he's done some things
in the meantime that are kind of like borderline like stepping on the stick and just kind of like
chirping guys obviously going back with a face licking. Nobody was hurt, still a little bit like,
oh, do I think he should have got suspended for that?
No, but he got a pee-pee whack.
I think that giving him a game here would have said,
yo, you've been getting a little out of hand.
You've been riding this wave of riding that line.
This is kind of a slap on the wrist saying,
tone your shit down because as as as some
old school people might say oh whatever he's it's a game within a game he was just giving a little
shot to try to get that guy off his game in the climate we're in now with with you know worrying
about player safety and in head injuries i just thought it was i i wasn't crazy about the punch
and listen i i'm old school,
but I used to handle my business face to face
and I used to drop the Mets, right?
I didn't play like Marshawn did.
Now, I'm not going back off my comments
saying he's good for the league
because in an entertainment aspect he is
and I would still want him on my team with.
If he had gotten suspended for this,
I would have fucking lost my mind sure
that that was come on that was not a suspension i people who say it's a suspension you hate
marshawn you hate the bruins you might be a columbus fan that is not a suspension in the
stanley cup playoffs and the day it becomes one is going to be a sad day in the nhl here's what
i don't understand how do you't understand. How do you not
fine him? How do you not get a fine for that? Give him the maximum fine, 5,000. He doesn't
notice it. It's spare change for him. It's not about the money. It's about setting the precedent
that that's not cool. That's not going to be allowed because with no punishment, with no
suspension and no fine, it's like, okay, well, if the ref's not looking, I can punch someone in the back of the head whenever I want.
The issue with the whole thing is that it was such a rat play because the guy's on his fucking knees.
And you know what?
If he wasn't on his knees and the other thing I want to say is if you just stayed there after and he stands up and says, all right, I want to do something.
Skating away was the weaseliest,
is that a word?
It was the worst part about it.
It was the punch and he's on his knees
and skating away.
Not a suspension,
but should have been a fine
and just a rat move.
Marchand's a rat.
This is exactly what he does.
He cannot help himself.
We've said it before.
We're also going to say that
you can argue he's the best
left wing in hockey. If
he was a part of the three finalists
for the Hart Trophy, no one would have said a word.
He's that good. He's had that good
of a season. He also
doesn't have a point in four straight games. That hasn't
happened this year. So what do you think he's
doing? He's pissed off. He's
fucking rattled.
When he gets like that, he does dirty shit. That's who he's pissed off he's fucking rattled and he's when he when he gets like that he does
dirty shit yeah that's who he is yeah and i'll tell you right now every guy in the bruin still
loves him and loves him as a teammate and bruins fans i've heard a lot of bruins fans i do respect
saying it was a scumbag move but they still love him and that's and he knows it he doesn't care
he's built he's built to play a game in the nhl where he does not mind one bit if you hate his guts.
He probably, and this is a complete guess.
This is me just making a wild stab at the fact that he's not scoring.
He could have been like, fuck it.
I'm going to just do something like a little rap.
Maybe that'll get me going.
Everyone will hate me even more. Self-motivated.
That's how people think.
Go ahead.
And then taking Columbus maybe out of their rhythm that they have going on right now
where maybe they look to retaliate towards him.
One of the comments you made is you think they should have fined him for the punch,
whereas to kind of set the example like, hey, you just can't go do that,
whereas I was okay with them not finding him when he stepped on the guy's stick.
But, R.A., would you not say maybe if they would have fined him in that case,
then it would have led to him kind of getting that slap on the wrist
where maybe he wouldn't have punched the guy in the back of the head?
Because it was, I mean, what was it, the game before?
Or maybe it was, I think it was the game before we stepped on Calvert's stick.
Or not Calvert, Atkinson.
Jesus Christ.
I think that was game one.
Fuck me, sorry. sorry either way it doesn't
matter that that's that's enough that's just it's such a rat move he's a little fucking rat and and
i don't know if that would have been worthy of anything stepping on a guy's stick dude well
that's that's why i was i was a little surprised that he at least didn't get like a a phone call
or or a fine and also why i was surprised
he didn't get a game because like now you're setting the precedent in today's nhl where
dude like it wasn't like they were in a scrum and he gave him a little pop like this guy was on his
knees he was facing the other way and we're talking about like he gave his fucking head a pretty good
jolt there like it was a nice little butt and jab like it was jenner wasn't jenner kind of saw
it at the end and someone jenner would have like lost his mind well another thing too is is i don't
know if it was earlier or later uh in that game where he got his stick high on jenner as well
where he kind of gave him a little cross check to the face that's funny because everyone's giving me
shit for saying he wouldn't get suspended for the punch but i said if he were going to suspend him
for anything in that game it would have been the cross check to the face
right because he got the sticks up so high did you see barnaby's quote about it though on twitter
he said he was smart he gave him a shot not hot enough for suspension but hoping they will try
to get revenge planting the seed yeah i mean listen you can look at it either way and obviously
barnaby played that game to a tee and that's probably Barnaby bringing to you exactly what his mentality would have been uh you know in that series at that point in time
where they they felt vulnerable right I wouldn't I wouldn't say really at any point in time in in
the Toronto series Boston felt vulnerable no I mean they lost game three the similar to this but
they didn't look as bad as they do now. They don't look good.
They don't look good.
And I know we should get into Columbus.
They deserve a lot of talk.
Oh, well, we will.
But I was at Game 2, and I watched Game 3.
Pasternak is  something's wrong.
This is  you do not play like this without injury.
I'm just  I'm saying, like, he's so good. I'm just saying, I'm saying,
he's so good,
I'm watching him play right now,
something isn't there.
And he also,
he hurt his ankle as well a little bit on a play.
Into the boards.
Yeah, when he got in that collision.
And going back to that Toronto series,
Boston was very opportunistic
on their power plays.
They went 7 for 16 in the first round.
Well, they're 1 for 10 in this round so far.
And we mentioned Brad Marchand not having points,
and their big boys really not getting it done.
Credit Columbus for that as well.
And we also mentioned the fact that maybe some of these B's guys
might be a little banged up.
It's been a long season.
The season's a long grind.
And to me, Columbus coming off that sweep
and then now getting the last two games
in a row now being up to one with game four at home i i think the balls are in their court and
boston's on their heels right now and i'm in a couple different group chats with you know buddies
around here that are huge bruins fans and they're like the bruins showing no balls this is
unacceptable fucking getting out work getting out hustled, can't score.
What's up with Bergeron?
Guys, sometimes injuries happen, and they happen at shitty times for teams.
The Bruins' main players aren't healthy.
I'm not saying Marchand's injured, but something is off with Bergeron and Pasternak.
And when you look at guys, and they're not playing the same way they were all year,
they didn't forget how to play hockey.
Columbus is doing a great job,
but when you're injured, dude,
there's only so much you can do.
And that seven-game series was a complete battle,
and then they hopped right into this series.
Columbus had all the break.
It made sense the Bruins won game one,
still took them overtime.
Now Columbus gets rest.
Now, we thought that the extra day off
might really help the Bruins.
It really didn't.
You know, they didn't look any better.
They didn't look any better at all.
So this team is really good that they're playing against.
They do seem healthy.
I know Wierenski might be battling something.
Him and Seth Jones, holy shit.
What a team Columbus has.
Fucking Jones.
And Bobrovsky is the only goalie out there playing right now, I think.
I could be wrong.
Call me out if I am.
Who has two Vesna trophies.
Current players with two Vesna trophies, he's in that
form. This guy is inconsistent
sometimes. And there's going to be worries for
a team out there that gives him 80 million. There will
be, because there's times that he can shut it down.
But when he's on, holy shit.
And right now, he's no
different. He's feeling
it. You've seen the pictures. He's loving
playing there. They're having a blast.
They're like the Beatles in Columbus right now.
The place is going crazy.
It's great to see.
But this team is good.
And add that to a banged-up Bruins team.
Not only a banged-up team,
their best players are banged up.
And this is what happens.
It's shitty luck for the Bruins and their fans.
And they're not completely out of this
because they did hit a bunch of posts.
But Game 4 is a must-win for the Bruins and their fans. And they're not completely out of this because they did hit a bunch of posts. But game four is a must win for the Bruins.
Wits talk.
He's making up for lost time after that last missed episode.
You're in all boys.
He's down a page out of Pangolin.
I tell you right now, I missed that episode.
I'm like, this ain't good.
I need this.
I need to talk on this podcast.
We don't really need him, all right?
Do we?
Fuck off.
I listen to that thing.
You guys need me.
Fuck.
I'll tell you that.
I'll start my own from you guys.
You had a needle. There we go.
I almost felt bad
for Bob after because Marshawn
Punch and Harrington in the back of the head overshadowed
Bobrovsky's outstanding performance.
I'm sure you felt so bad for Bob.
Listen, R.A. might drop some
Homer comments on Twitter.
He's a big fan. Yeah, but he's a fan.
The fact that he's saying this right now, I respect a lot.
I mean, I think I do a good job of straddling the line.
I mean, I've been doing this for 12 years now affiliated with Barstool.
And, you know, there are blogs.
I don't really write blogs much anymore.
But I would be an obvious homer if I was complaining about the rest.
But I always try to cut it down the middle.
I know people get on me.
But part of mine is he didn't get suspended.
But Brodsky, 9-4-3 save percentage this series.
The playoffs, 9-3-7 with a 1-8-8.
I mean, he must have had 6-7-10 bell saves the other night.
He's clearly the difference in this series right now.
And then, of course, the other side, Tuca.
If he ends up losing this series, the idiots in this town are going to be like,
oh, Rashki, I got it done again.
Tuca's playing out of his fucking mind, too.
This ain't Tuca's fault.
Exactly.
But you know how the idiots in this fucking town are going to play it.
I don't know.
They're already getting on the big dogs.
I've been hearing rumblings.
Well, there's another thing, too, is you have such a historic city as far as sports franchises are concerned.
And you have a team that's had a very good, successful season.
You get out of the first round, and now you're matched up against a very good Columbus team who's hitting their stride.
And we mentioned about the Bs being a little bit banged up like you're you're you're high-end guys are battling through stuff and bergeron is the ultimate professional the ultimate
leader he ain't gonna say shit about being injured none of them he's gonna rub some fucking deep cold
on it take a couple advil and he's gonna go out there and battle for your city so if you're you're
one of those types of people who gets really critical
about the guys and everything
they've done for you and the organization
online, you need to shut
the fuck up. Put some testing on it.
Yeah, it's just wild to hear
like, you watch this top
line all year dominate.
Them and the Colorado top line are the best two lines
in the league all year. And now
they're not. You now they're not.
You think they're not trying?
People are like, compete harder.
Buddy, you've seen how good they are.
You can tell they're not the same right now.
Use your brain.
They're hurt.
I mean, they didn't forget how to play hockey.
Figure it out.
Fucking Tony from Tewksbury.
I think they got out-muscled a little last game, too, and I think they're going to put David Backus into the lineup
Thursday night, tonight's game.
By the way, well, by the time this drops, it might be too late.
Nine hours, we're having our watch body tonight.
It should be pretty exciting.
We'll see some people tonight.
We'll see you guys tonight, hopefully.
Of course, we've got to talk about Matt Duchesne.
Should I bend over for this one, or what?
I don't understand.
You don't need to bend over, though.
I think he should when you clean his hoop with your tongue.
He said in one of his post-game interviews that this is so great
because some of the guys on the team aiming at himself
have struggled in the playoffs before.
So he acknowledged to everyone that he's had playoff struggles.
You acknowledged it, and you got shit for it.
Yeah.
Okay, so you're saying that I couldn't be logical and level-headed
and assess the situation for what it was without having people come after me on twitter
that's shocking but no i'm very happy for him in a back-to-back games he ends up getting the ot
winner and uh or sorry the game winner i should say and uh this has been matthew shane's coming
out party and and he continues to roll very happy for him he's such a good guy and and then there was a
clip of him on i think nhl or maybe he posted to his own instagram he's fuck got the acoustic guitar
out again he did it again again singing to his newborn baby voice of an angel oh wow he had a
tweet that i was i thought was awesome it was a video of a little kid in a duchene jersey doing
his celebration from the double ot winner when it was puking.
And he wrote like, this is like one of the, I'm paraphrasing, this is one of the coolest things about playing in the NHL.
This was me, you know, dreaming of being a player I loved.
And now somebody's like, that's, I don't think people understand like how incredible it is to see a little kid with your jersey on.
Because you think back to being 7, 8, 10 years old
and having your favorite player, and it's like, dude, I'm there now.
It's a full-blown dream come true, and I'm happy for him.
Yeah, and obviously with me being a little bit critical,
people just assume that I don't like the guy.
He's an unbelievable person, very kind, very sensitive,
and a great example of a player who's at the top of his game,
who shows a lot of class.
And, you know, basically the complete opposite of me.
Guys, I want to add...
What do you guys think he's going to get this summer?
I mean, you're talking about the other guys getting paid.
Well, Tyson Berry's getting 10.
Tyson Berry's getting 13.
Duchesne, I see somewhere out there seven years
if he's not going back to Columbus.
Which, by the way, I don't think Panarin and Wrofski are back. I wouldn't be shocked if Duchesne, I see somewhere out there seven years if he's not going back to Columbus.
Which, by the way, I don't think Panarin and Wabrowski are back.
I wouldn't be shocked if Duchesne goes back.
Look at how fun it is right now.
But let's take away the years because it could be eight in Colorado.
I mean, sorry, Columbus.
Seven years averages out to ten a year.
Nine, five a year. I mean, I think he'll get in that range.
I think he will if he goes to open market.
Yeah, I'd pay him 9.
Let's say his AAV ends up being 9.
How are you?
Find him as much as you want.
Are you kidding me?
Imagine his two weeks.
What will his two weeks be?
It'll be about 600 every two weeks.
675 every two weeks?
Thank you!
That's what they call getting paid.
When Keith Kachuk was playing with the Phoenix Coyotes,
Shane Dolan was telling me every two weeks his paycheck would be half a million dollars.
I mean, I think if you're making 10,000 or 11,000 11 It's over that Every two weeks
Let me just go buy a 400,000 car
Because I'm getting another one of these in two weeks
I mean
Duchesne, Panarin, and Bobrovsky
They're all going to get gigantic fucking ratings
They're all playing fantastic
Should we mention
Boone Jenner as well
He's been outstanding
What a playoff type guy
They get a lot of them.
Him and Anderson and Foligno.
Guys that just live for the playoffs.
He drew that penalty that ended up leading to the game winner
when Duchesne scored on that power play.
He's just been doing it all.
That was a bad penalty by Bergeron too.
Sure.
He's had a couple of uncharacteristically bad ones.
Sorry, Buzz.
The last stat I want to just talk to everyone about Columbus is the fact that March 21st,
they lost to the Edmonton Oilers 4-1.
They had a big meeting.
They figured this isn't good enough.
We're fucking going to miss the playoffs.
They went out and they waxed Vancouver the next night.
And you know what they've done since then?
They've gone 13-2.
And their only two losses are to the Bruins in the regular season and to the Bruins in Game 1.
And during that span, their power play is at 28 and their PK is at 92.
Wow.
So we're talking about a team that is playing as good,
if not better, than anyone in the league.
And we'll see how Boston can kind of get game four going.
I said it coming in after watching them sweep the first round against Tampa.
I said this is the LA Kings of when they beat the President's Trophy winner, Vancouver Canucks, in five games.
And everyone was like, oh, my God.
These guys have hit stride.
They're a well-oiled machine.
Everything is going right.
And they're getting quick, like, performance in that by Brobowski.
And they got a city falling in love with them.
And they got a city that's going banana land.
West, in Game 3 between San Jose and Colorado in Denver Tuesday,
Logan Couture scored his first playoff hat-trick to lead the Sharks to a 4-2 win
to take a 2-1 series lead.
We've talked about how he just raises his game when the stakes are high
and he's done it again.
His three goals put him in the postseason lead with nine goals.
The next guy down the list only has six.
And his 12 points have him tied for the playoff lead with Slavin, McKinnon,
and Mark Stone, who's obviously not playing anymore.
San Jose has four of the top nine point getters in the playoffs right now,
Couture, Burns, Carlson, and Hurdle.
And, hey, Martin Jones, I mean, I picked on him a little bit on the show.
His numbers weren't good, but we've got to give credit where it's due.
He's turned his game around.
He's been absolutely phenomenal.
I mean, his playoff numbers don't look good,
but his last three or four games he's been outstanding.
He's definitely recaptured that form that led the San Jose to a cup run
a few years back.
So what do you got on this one with Doug?
Logan Kacharga.
Assassin.
What a complete gamer.
What a gamer.
And the fact that before game three he said to the media in the locker room,
they said this on the broadcast, I got to be better.
Joe Pavelski's out.
I look to myself to have to try to lead the broadcast. I got to be better. Joe Pavelski's out. I look to myself to have to try to lead this team.
I got to be better.
Gets a fucking hat trick.
Are you kidding me?
You're cool enough where you get to say you have to be better,
and that night you get the hat trick, not even like a couple games later.
You do it the day you said, I have to be better.
So watching him is incredible.
And he doesn't blow you away.
He's not the fastest player. doesn't have the hardest shot,
but what he does have is a stupid high hockey IQ.
And it's crazy how he thinks the game.
Even Cal McCarr, am I saying his name right?
Cal McCarr.
I'm getting it.
Cal McCarr, he can skate like the wind.
The other night he kind of hounded him down,
stripped him of the puck along the wall, gave a guy a little mini breakaway,
forget who it was, might have been Hurdle.
Either way, it's just like defensively he does stuff while also being able
to score and getting in the position to score so often that you understand why i mean this guy led
the playoffs in scoring when they went to the cup final and lost to pittsburgh right now he's doing
the same exact thing his play has been awesome they're missing pevelski which is a huge loss
but him hurdle and timo meyer are guys that are stepping up and looking awesome.
So I think this series is far from done,
but right now you've got to look at San Jose,
even with an enormous loss of Pavs, Little Joe,
looking at them is like, man, can Colorado kind of compete with them?
When they're on, it's really hard to deal with.
Hurdle's been a beast the entire series,
and then Timo Meier, who leads the playoffs right now in 5-on-5 scoring chances.
That's a lot.
I mean, that's a pretty ballsy stat.
In 5-on-5, you've got to be good in this league, especially come playoff time.
So they look great, and those guys are the main reason.
Yeah, to me, I loved San Jose's depth up front coming into this one.
Just go back to Logan Kutcher for a second.
Nine goals in 10 games.
He's second with the most postseason goals since 2010.
Alexander Ovechkin has 50.
Logan Couture is in second with 43.
Now, I would say that, and I want to say I touched on this last episode,
he is probably one of the, I'd say top five, top ten for sure,
playoff performers that are still playing in the league to this day.
And you mentioned that he's not the fastest guy.
He's not the most skilled.
His motor is, to me, what's the most impressive.
He's never given up on plays.
He's always making the right play at the right time.
He's kind of a honey badger in a sense.
And another thing, too, he doesn't waste any type of energy chirping.
He plays between the whistles.
When the puck drops, he's ready to go.
And you mentioned that play when Cal McCarr broke away from him behind the net.
Didn't give up on it.
Stayed on his ass.
And it's so annoying playing against guys like that.
It's so annoying.
It's like, fuck this guy.
And he just
keeps putting his head down and going to work and uh very impressive from the minute uh you know he
got the boys rallied in game seven against vegas uh after scoring the first goal on that five on
four five minute power play uh you could tell he's on a mission and he took that one personally
because his boy pavs went down and it's very inspirational to watch uh Pavs could return the series as well they mentioned that last night I thought they
showed some hot battle and back from being down to nothing but Couture 35 seconds after they tied
it he put he gave him the dagger and of course he got the empty net uh uh Nate McKinnon he's still
unbelievable he played almost 25 minutes the other night that snapshot off the rush. When he's coming down, it's Sackick now.
It's off one
foot, bar down. The noises these
shots are making, it's the coolest part.
Ding! Place goes wild.
I couldn't do that if I stood there
with 20 pucks, not skating.
Tried to hit the crossbar to make that noise.
He's just flick of the wrist, bar down,
but they
need more from other guys in Colorado.
You can't rely every single night on him and Rontanen.
Is it me or have there seemingly been like 9 million posts in every game every night?
I mean, I know obviously it seems like a lot more than we're used to.
I don't know.
Absolutely.
Specifically in that Colorado-San Jose game.
Boston, too.
Yeah.
Even the Islanders-Carolina.
I know the Islanders hit like seven posts the other night.
I couldn't watch that when I was flying first class here to Boston.
So that series, Colorado's got to get game four.
I mean, that's enormous tonight.
So two teams that really have to win tonight in games that mean a lot.
But when San Jose's forward units are going along with Burns,
the way he's played, and Carlson carlson looks carlson looks like eric carlson right now yeah and you know you said
all right martin jones we were all over him good for him it's a pretty cool story to be i mean the
guy was lost it was like a pitcher who couldn't hit the plate throw a strike and now he's fucking
firing in bbs on the on the black so it's uh pretty cool to see and a tough loss for colorado we got to give a couple stick taps to calvert because at
the end of game two when colorado ended up scoring on that empty net which ended up being the game
winner yeah i know which ended up fucking ra for the puck line but uh but calvert at the blue line
and you young kids listening i know i told you you guys, played to the end of the whistle
regarding the offside in the Columbus series in game one.
But he's just inside his own defensive blue line.
He takes a monster hit from Brent Burns in order to make that play to get it out
so they go down and get that goal.
And he ended up, he was out to injury in game three because of that hit.
It was a massive hit.
Brent Burns just crippled him.
But just an awesome play for him to stand in there and get it done.
And as I mentioned, ended up being the game winner.
So stick taps to Calvert.
And before we move on, Colorado, if you're a fan of Colorado for tonight,
they've got to stop turning it over.
There were so many sloppy turnovers.
One of them led to the Meyer goal, which was an awesome rush, but he did
pick off a pass.
You've got to just not be as sloppy
on home ice. I don't think it's
crazy to think that they could tie it up, but if you're
turning over pucks to a team like San Jose,
it's just close to impossible to win.
You're going to pay for it. Also, they've got to
work on that power
play, Reg. They 0-4
last game. They had the 6-1-4 late in the game.
Couldn't do anything with it. I said this before the playoffs about
Nashville. You don't win
the cup without a good power play. It's
so hard to score 5-on-5
that if you don't have success, and if
you're at least not building momentum, you're done.
Yep.
The last series we're going to talk about, the always
pivotal Game 4 down in Big D
Wednesday night. Stars coach Jim Montgomery flipped his centers around, wanted to shake things up.
He got the desired results as the Stars beat the Blues 4-2 to even up that series,
and now it's a best of three.
Dickinson, Sagan, Zuccarello tallied five points for a plus three.
Sagan, Zuccarello, Ben, Radulov all have nine points in the playoffs.
They're getting balanced scoring, but the big play in this game was Esa Lindell doing the triple Lindy in the corner half
the battle with Bortuzzo.
He gets called for the dive, Bortuzzo for the slash.
But the whole hockey world was all over him.
Hockey comic.
Go ahead, Vince.
Well, that was in game three.
Okay.
You're right.
I'm sorry.
I fucked my notes up.
That's fine.
No worries.
So let's go back to game three.
Very intense game.
Of course, the topic of conversation was Bertuzzo and Lindell.
Lindell went down three times.
First of all, I thought it was hilarious because, I mean, it wasn't me cross-checking him, and I have no skin in that series.
So it was kind of funny because you get to go on Twitter and just read all the people and then all of a sudden the memes start flying everywhere uh thought it was very
very interesting how sometimes the hockey gods just love to show up and then sure as shit on
that game winner that patty maroon scored he gave lindell a little shove in the back now hey you try
to make a fool of the referees out there young kids you know sometimes
they might see the next one and say fuck you you dove on the last three you fucker i ain't calling
shit you fucking stand up on those the boy who cried cannonball yeah so patty maroon gets away
with a little bit of a push off and then goes off the side of the net nice little play to him he goes
backhand to forehand right fucking in the net and that ended up being the game winner so that was a huge swing
of momentum of course they get to steal one in Dallas and and now you know they're playing with
the house's money because even if they lose game four they get to go home tied 2-2 so I thought
that was very interesting uh I I believe at the start of game three as well Dallas Stars fan chucks a beer at the St. Louis bench.
It's chaos down there, pandemonium.
I don't know if you saw that, R.A.
I saw the clip, GIF online.
I wasn't sure what the whole story was.
Who's like, that's such an asshole thing to do,
fucking like throw a full beer at a fucking...
Why wouldn't you just drink it?
I don't know.
Listen, I'm not putting all you Dallas Stars fans in a group,
but I've been seeing a lot of cesspool Twitter action from some Dallas Stars fans,
especially in Game 4 regarding defending Ben Bishop for what I thought was
listen, he got slashed right in the back area there.
It wasn't crazy hard.
Should it have been a penalty?
Yes, of course.
But, I mean, he flopped a little bit.
Let's not fucking deny that because if that was another team's goalie who flopped like that, you'd be calling him a flopper.
So let's just not be biased.
Let's take it for what it is and give me a logical breakdown.
So they're all online because Riggs, the golf guy from Barstool, calls him a bozo.
No, that's his name.
Oh, okay, bozo.
calls him a bozo no that's his name okay bozo he he you know he mentioned the flop and a bunch of dallas people were like oh when when people get high stick they always go down and shed their
gloves and stick and it's just like yeah but it wasn't a high stick to face you fucking moron
he tapped him on the back when you get when you get slashed in the back and goalies don't have a
lot of padding there i'm sure it might have hurt yeah that's not what what happens i mean like that
if that happened to him in practice that would he would not have no he would have shot a
puck at his teammate in line but uh then down then the lindell thing quick i was i was horizontal in
bed the first dive i like sat up a little i was like oh the second one i like jumped out of bed
and the third one i collapsed down i was like oh my god where's my phone i was like holy shit and you know, where's my phone? I was like, holy shit.
And you know, Bertuzzo's flipping out.
He's like, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know.
I was like, dude, I was just losing my mind at Lindell because right away, Alexander Steen,
who if you're talking about respected players in the NHL, is top of the list.
Every guy in the league respects Alexander Steen.
Went up to him and you could tell he's just, I don't know what he's saying, but probably
like, are you fucking kidding me?
You Finnish fucking diver.
So it was a tough look.
And for karma to come back and get him, Biz, I'm glad you brought that up.
The hockey gods never forget.
They do not ever forget.
And with Bishop and the other act right there, definitely got to call a penalty.
That's the only thing I didn't understand. The ref was sitting right there, definitely got a call penalty. That's the only thing I didn't understand.
The ref was sitting right there and didn't call a penalty.
Like Perron legit, I don't know if Perron wanted it to look like he was trying to like slash his stick.
That was a blatant slash to the back of a goalie.
So an embellishment for sure, but a no call there was wild.
It led to a pretty good chain of events as well because then Jamie Benn gave Bennington a little bit of a love tap.
I mean, it was a love tap.
Bennington came up high on Jamie Benn.
Naturally, Ben didn't go down.
No, exactly.
For those of you listening, Jamie Benn made comments or there's a rumor that he doesn't like eating pussy.
So that was R.A. chiming in with Ben doesn't like to go down. Oh, I thought when you texted the group that I thought you meant because he's like a rumor that he doesn't like eating pussy so that was uh r.a chiming in with ben doesn't like to go down oh i thought you when you texted the group that i thought you meant
because he's like a tough bastard well he is but he is he is too so he's he got he's got both things
going for him doesn't like to eat pussy though but then uh well then bennington you know he he
got a rough in mind if i hit and ben but did you see the clip of him skating off the ice he slashed
bishop fucking when he was going off the ice he He got another two minutes for that. Well, there was a little
something going on between Bishop and
one of the St. Louis players. It's a really tough
video. I think somebody filmed it with a baked potato.
But
Bishop kind of did the turnaround
and kept talking to him and then
eventually made the full turn. And then
as Bishop was going in the door a little
bit, Binnington
came by and gave him a little whack. Which, if you guys don't know, Binnington has a little bit, Bennington came by and gave him a little whack,
which if you guys don't know,
Bennington has a little bit of a history of his wires crossing.
He's a gamer.
And hey, I love it.
I think it's both teams just sticking up for one another.
And this is what playoff hockey becomes.
They showed Bennington in a brawl with the Texas Stars
when he was on San Antonio.
Yeah.
And you could tell. I mean, I think there was also another clip ofas stars when he was on san antonio yeah um and you could
tell i mean i think there was also another clip of him fighting when he was on the providence
bruins so he has no problem getting involved in the physical stuff and certainly you could tell by
him going after ben there that he was just furious at how that game was going and for those
non-hardcore hockey fans when a goalie and another player on the team gets involved, some goalies are kind of like there's like a goalie between goalie feud.
Leave my fucking guys alone.
If there's an issue between you and him, I'm the other goalie.
I'll solve it.
It's just kind of like when there's a scrum down at the other end.
Usually a goalie like Marc-Andre Fleury did it earlier this year
where he skated out against Calgary.
And he was like, let's fucking go.
Because you blockered one of my guys.
Now I've got to stick up for my boy.
If there's a scrum, let the players figure it out.
Don't do anything goalie or I'm coming down.
That's kind of where it's at.
Also in that series, Rupe Hintz.
So for people who don't know, Rupe Hintz is a rookie this year
with the Dallas Stars, and he's a player.
And whoever's doing the scouting
over in Finland,
Haskinen wasn't that hard to find, right?
I mean, that's a very high pick that anyone would have
taken. But Rupe Hintz and Esa Lindell
are Finnish guys, so they know what they're
doing in terms of bringing these people over.
And Dallas needed to make a switch for Game 4.
They looked, alright, listen, we lost Game 3
at home. Not a must-win, but you're
looking at it. We can't lose both at home
and they broke up the big guns of Radulov, Ben
and Sagan, and they put Hintz in between
Radulov and Ben, and they put
Zuccarello with Sagan and Dickinson
and it worked wonders, Dickinson scored
a big goal, Rupe Hintz had a big
goal on an awesome 3 on 2, I think it was
Radulov to Ben who then gave Hintz
a sick pass through the seam, so
I like breaking those guys up, because when they're not scoring,
and Zuccarello allows them to do that,
and Hintz's development and taking that next step allows them to do that
because they have guys who can play top offensive roles besides those three now.
Patrick Sharp made some good comments on NBC talking about looking like an absolute man-missile.
Have we ever
mentioned him in the man rocket category? He's
got to be top five. Yeah, I talked to him when I did
that chicklets thing that night, the Vegas
got fucked. I kept looking at him.
I'm like, what are you doing not in Hollywood
Sharpie? He wrote me a message
saying, yeah, thanks for the tire pumps, but I'm like, I'm not
even really pumping your tires. I'm just hard
looking at you. I want to lick your nuts.
Anyway, he talked about and this is a guy with credibility. He's got Stanley Cubs and he was one of those top really pumping your tires i'm just hard looking at you i want to lick your nuts anyway um no but
he talked about and this is a guy with credibility he's got stanley cups and he was one of those top
end players where he said sometimes the top line you get a little bit complacent you're playing
with the big boys where all of a sudden you break them up and you're trying to impress your new
line mates yeah and that's exactly what they did and it worked out for him and it was an interesting
comment that you know that's maybe an element that I wouldn't have known
because that never had to happen to me.
I was more of the anchor where I was being,
somebody was being forced to play with me.
A couple other things.
Yeah, Haskin in that pass to tie it the other night.
And then, of course, the shorthanded goal by Cogliano.
Oh, man.
I was really surprised that Bishop didn't come out and play that puck.
I'm sorry, not Bishop.
It was Binnington.
Didn't come out and play that puck.
And I know a lot of people say it depends really on the goalie.
It ended up being kind of far away from the net.
But right when you see a puck get by a defenseman at top,
it was done up top running the point on the umbrella.
If a puck gets by him, you almost know it's going to be a two-on-one most of the time.
And that way you could tell.
And Coggs did his thing.
Man, one of the best skaters in the league.
Still should have the Ironman streak.
He got fucked in that suspension.
I love Coggs.
One of the funniest.
If people ever ask me, who's the funniest guy in the league that I wouldn't know is funny?
Andrew Cogliano.
Does incredible imitations.
His teammates love him. And so to
see him score that big goal wasn't a surprise
and it was enormous in Game 3 even though they ended up
losing that one. Cogliano, another
guy off the ice, just very dedicated
to the game. Big on supplements.
Big time on his
gym time. Needs a high pH
in his water and all that.
Just the ultimate professional
and a great guy to have around.
So happy for him to get it going offensively.
And I think that pretty much wraps it up.
I think we should go to Panger now
because he talks a lot about the Blues.
He's their color guy.
So we got to interview him.
He told some funny stories from his career.
And he goes into the Blues
and how special their season's been.
So right now we're going to give you Darren Panger.
We are now joined by a good friend of mine in the business,
we'll say, a panger, Darren Panger with us right now. This guy, I just want everyone to know before
you go on and talk, has been very friendly to me from the time we met when I was playing in the
league. And I know you're a golf nut just like me. And if you're not following around the St.
Louis Blues, one of the best stories of the NHL season if you're not following around the St. Louis Blues, one of the best
stories of the NHL season, you're either following them around or you're on the golf course. So
I want to say thanks for joining us on the Pickles Podcast finally.
It is my pleasure to be a part of this one and only famous award-winning show. Heard lots about
it. I mean, listen, I've been around so long, I never thought I was going to get the call.
So I'm really thrilled to be to be on it today because
a lot of my buddies that aren't real NHL guys a lot of friends a lot of hockey
friends sons they're all big fans of spitting chicklets and they always let
me know what's going on who are the guests what's being said and so I'm
thrilled to be here. Thanks, fellas.
Witter just  I think Witter went and took a piss.
He completely cut you off.
No, I never did.
Pretty much so, yeah.
I'm going to throw the lights on here for the fellas.
So, all right, I want to talk first and foremost,
before we get into career and some funny questions I have for you,
you've been around this Blues team all year. And what a story it's been.
January 3rd, I believe R.A. just told me,
was the day that they were sitting last place in the goddamn NHL.
And you've seen this turnaround, and right now they're leading their second round series 2-1.
Fantastic goaltending.
Talk to me about what it's been like to just be around that team
and kind of seeing what's changed midseason.
And I don't remember seeing anything like it.
I know it's maybe happened before but it's wild i thought when you came to camp as a uh as a walk on you
and biz nasty i thought that certainly i would finally get my chance to be a uh a stanley cup
broadcaster for a local team but obviously that didn't happen. So now things changed, and I end up watching the group this year.
And you guys both had good camps, by the way.
Thought both of you guys deserved a better fate.
I talked to Army about that later, but sorry about that, fellas.
But anyway, the season did go.
The beginnings were incredibly high in terms of expectations.
I mean, everybody around the league thought you added O'Reilly,
you added Bozak, you have the same current guy,
you have a great group of D.
What's to go wrong?
So it was really disappointing at the beginning,
and there's not a person in St. Louis that wouldn't say the same.
But there was always something special about this group. They went on the road and they won in Winnipeg. They
won in Colorado. They'd go into Tampa Bay and they'd win. They won against all the best teams
on the road. And I'm between the benches a lot. And you guys know what it's like being on the
bench when the team doesn't care about one another or the team, you know, that they're checked out,
or, you know, that they're all in and it's just not going really well. There was a lot of times that they were so into it and they'd
went on the road and I was so pumped up for them. I'm thinking this team is going to be really good.
And then they go home and for whatever reason, expectations, crowd, maybe some bad goals again,
maybe some bad time. They had no confidence and it was quiet and guys were coming in. Patrick
Liney, five goals. Elias Pettersson, five points. Brock Besser, three goals. I mean, it was painful
to see how they were performing at home and I felt bad for them. But then they go back out on the road
and they beat another great team. So I'm thinking to myself, they got something good here. It's just
got to come out on a regular basis. And I got to tell you, boys, it's been a fun ride. It's been
four months of watching the same hockey night in and night out. And this is what the game's all about.
Guys caring for one another. They go out. They like each other. You know, they have good dinners
together. They play cards on the plane together. They play golf together whenever they can.
They like each other. And that's why I think this team is doing really well.
Well, Panger, if Biz and I had made that team, it really could have happened
because it happened before.
It's called Major League.
It was in baseball.
It's a movie.
That would have been a complete joke.
They were a way better team than having me and him around.
Hey, speak for yourself, buddy.
No, really.
Biz was good.
Biz was good on the left.
You had a rough time, but I thought Biz was really good.
Biz was good.
Biz was good on the left.
You had a rough time, but I thought Biz was really good.
Panger, did people blow the Bertuzzo-Stafford turnaround fight a little out of proportion, or do you think that that was a moment
where maybe these guys were so fed up of all the pressure
and all the expectations where they were just like,
fuck it, let's gel a little bit more together?
Because sometimes after scraps in practice, that happens.
You know, I mean, Zach Sanford's a good kid.
You guys have probably seen him around.
He's a good player, a good kid.
What happened on that day was he found out that morning with meetings with the coach
that he was going to be a healthy scratch.
They started a drill.
I was right behind them.
I'm in the stands like everybody is at the mills, which is their practice facility. And I'm watching, we're watching and the drills are
getting a little bit more intense. Three on threes down low, four on fours down low, five on fives
down low, cross checking, slashing. Here we go. And here we go. And, and basically Sanford's,
Sanford got a stick up high and actually smoked for Robert Bortuzzo. I mean, got him high and
hard, and people didn't see that in the
video, but all of a sudden, Bortz's
helmet and visor was back
in the back of his head, and he'd had enough, and he snapped.
And what happened after that
was quiet. You know what?
No one was real proud of it, and you guys
have been down this road before, but
they were embarrassed.
I mean, the whole team had
looked themselves in the mirror and said this isn't good enough pressure was on they're at home
and then they had a hard drill and then you know Craig Berube he's a he's a guy that looks you in
the eye and says I want this team to be more aggressive and Robert Bortuzzo by the way signed
a new three-year deal after that and I tell tell you what, Stanford, he was a regular. So everybody kind of
won on that and the team really did respond. Is it overblown? You know what, Biff? I don't think
it's overblown. I think it's part of hockey and coming together as a team. And I think it was a
necessary ingredient for this team to get together. Love it. Daniel, what specific change or changes
did the Blues make that allowed them to turn the season around in such a stunning fashion was it like a specific roster move maybe Bennington was there a closed door meeting that
got people's attention what allowed them to like have such a turnaround such so late in the season
I think there's yeah I think there's a couple of things I think one of the things that happened was
uh they were uh on a western swing just before Christmas I, I, I'm not sure how the meeting went. Um, but, uh, but I,
I did find out that, that Doug Armstrong, you know,
had to get together with these guys. I mean,
he was either going to blow this thing up, um, you know,
start making deals and prominent players. I mean,
obviously teams are on the NHL where they were sniffing in the weeds here.
They're, they're looking at good players here. Who,
who can we get from the St. Louis blues with all the expectations so high?
So was he going to, was he going to tear it apart or,
or was he going to say to these guys, you know what,
I'm going to double down on you guys. And the year before that,
he didn't double down on them because he didn't like,
they lost about seven or eight like goal games that they just weren't together.
And he says, what am I going to do?
Double down on you guys right now.
And, uh, and, and he ended up trading staff me and he ended up getting some
assets and what have you, and they didn't make the playoffs.
But this time around,
he put this team together and he said the right things to them.
He said, listen, it's not like I'm going to give you forever,
but there's probably a period of time here where I got to figure out whether you guys care about each other or you're going to
look around and some of your buddies are not going to be here. And so look around and that's a,
that's a great thing to say to anybody, because if you care about your teammates, you know,
you don't want them gone. And, and they had the makings of a good team. So I think by number one,
army doubling down, obviously the coaching change,
Mike Yeo is a really good coach, but Craig
Berube can handle personalities
in a big way because the way he deals
with things, just black and white, no
gray area. And the other thing was,
you're right, early January,
Jordan Vinnienkin comes in
and he shuts out Philadelphia.
And then he continues on his role. They
started playing really, really well. And they started back started back checking like they cared about each other they started
honestly they started playing from the front of their sweaters instead of the back i know that's
maybe overused but i think in this situation it is very accurate they checked their egos finally
at the door and said okay what do we have to do to be good again and be winners and that's what
they did and all of that came together and but I do believe it started with Army saying what he said to some of these players or the whole
group. I'm not sure if it's the whole group or some of the players, but I do know that he doubled
down on the group. Now, you've been around the organization for a while. You're familiar with,
you know, the depth of the organization, the minor leaguers. Did you know that Jordan
Bennington was going to be this good at the NHL level?
Well, no.
I mean, that'd be a crazy statement.
I think I would be a really good executive in the league working for somebody if I knew that.
But I do pay attention to goalies.
You deliver a golf course, not even work, and get out of here.
I'd be selling Mira Golf Club somewhere, you know, getting 4 back.
I'd be selling Mira Golf Club somewhere, you know, getting 4 back.
I do believe, after watching him, I went back to my training camp notes, and not this past training camp, but the year before.
And I said, boy, Binnington's improved.
Seems to be more competitive, you know, but it was his fourth year or third year pro.
And I said, he seems to be really taking some steps here. But at that same time, a prospect
named Vili Huso was on board. And Vili had come over from Finland and he was a high, you know,
a third round pick, but a different goalie than Bennington, a little bit thicker, a little bit
more calm in the net. Bennington, as you guys know, he's very thin.
But I think both you guys, you and Whit, were at camp.
You wouldn't even  like, he was so skinny,
it was hard to seriously take him as an NHL goaltender.
All that being said now
He's, like, skilled?
He was.
He was  I said at one point, I said, he's like a model from Prague or something.
Like his legs, he just looks so skinny, this guy.
And I remember saying to him, like, how many games did you play last year?
And he said, like, 55, 60.
Like, he can play the games.
And sometimes that's overblown, like how skinny a guy is.
Or for me, I mean mean I remember how obviously the
first time that the Blackhawks saw me at training camp our coach was Cliff Corral his wife saw me
Lynn A's her name she saw me getting off the team bus and she asked me she asked Cliff her husband
that that that stick boy he sure is a cute little fella. And he says, well, I got good news
and bad news. Like he's my goalie. And so I, I, I get what first impressions are. And my first
impression of Jordan was, boy, I'm not sure if he's got the stamina to be able to be an NHL goalie.
Well, I saw him this year in training camp and he was a way different goalie. And the first thing I
said to him was, I don't know what you've done with your hands but they're in a better position and he goes I changed my hands I did it last year he was in Providence
and I'm like I love him love where your hands are and his angles have always been good his
fundamentals have always been good but I think he tried to become a blocker like all the big goalies
you know tuck the arms into the side lean into shot reverse vh all that methodical stuff that
doesn't work for a goalie
his size. And now he's like, what he did last year with Providence was fantastic. And then he came to
training camp and I thought he was excellent at training camp. Really, really good. But again,
the goalie of the future is Billy Huso. So everybody's really paying attention to him.
So it was a shame for Jordan, but I give him a lot of credit for having the,
So it was a shame for Jordan, but I give him a lot of credit for having the, you know what, the self-motivation and the belief and the 14 layers of skin that he's grown over the years.
You know what?
I'm really good.
I'm really good. And I'm going to shut the door behind me.
And that's exactly what he's done.
He's taken a great opportunity and he's running with it.
I love it.
It seems like the thing he's developed the most is between his ears because, I mean, when he got asked are you nervous and he looked right at the reporter he goes do i look nervous
you know when you can sense if someone's full of shit or not if they actually are a little bit he
didn't have a fucking care in the world and sometimes spending that much time in the minors
allows you to grow that you know that mental state where all of a sudden now you finally get called
up and it's your shot where he's like, I got nothing to lose, man.
I've been down in the minors for three, four years.
There's another guy who's probably going to come take my job.
Fucking bring it, baby.
Yeah, five years and 201 games.
At one point, just to give you some perspective, at one point,
and I talked to Yanni Gord, who just signed, what, a five-year,
5 million deal with the Tampa Bay Lightning like early in the year. Is that good? I said, Yanni, do, who just signed, what, a five-year, 5 million deal with the Tampa Bay Lightning, like, early in the year.
Is that good?
I said, Yanni, do you know anybody?
He said, yeah, that's fairly good.
That's what Tyson Nash gets in TV in Phoenix.
And so, anyway, I said, do you know anybody on the Blues team?
And he goes, well, yeah.
I was teammates with Jordan Binnington.
And I said, Jordan Binnington? Like, where? You played in the Quebec League. He played in the blues team. And he goes, well, yeah, I was teammates with Jordan Binnington. And I said,
Jordan Binnington, like where you played in the Quebec league, he played in Ontario league. You're in different organizations. He goes, yeah, we were both in Kalamazoo together for the K wings
in the East coast hockey league for about 40 games. I said, like, that's unbelievable. And
look where they both are right now both guys grinding it out trying to
be NHL players and uh I mean just fascinating that like that's why I call it three four layers
of skin 201 minor league games you know getting shoved around at one point the blue said we want
you to go to the east coast league he finally said I'm not going I'll I'm going home until you find
me a place and and as it turns out, his really good friend,
Malcolm Subban, early last year, got picked up on waivers by Vegas. That opened up a door with
Providence who needed a goalie. The Blues had an extra goalie that was a good American League
goalie in Jordan Binnington. They took him on there. And I give Providence a lot of credit.
They played a goalie that wasn't even in their system. Wow, yeah, that's rare.
And he became an all-star.
That's rare.
He was an all-star.
And so then he gained confidence, and look where he is right now.
Wow, not a lot of people probably know this story.
It's very interesting to ask you about that and get a little bit more in-depth.
Whit, do you have a follow-up on Bennington?
No, no.
I mean, that's actually  I had known a little of that, but no, I do not.
Go ahead.
Another guy I wanted to ask you about who's probably been through a mental
grind is Fabry.
And when me and Whit went to training camp,
I actually talked about him last podcast, but he was like,
he was like a little Johnny Goudreau out there.
I thought his kid's going to be here.
Remember?
It was crazy.
I think he's a phenomenal kid.
I've  you know, the older we get and the more  like, my kids are his age.
Actually, my kids are older than his kids.
And I love being in a position of being a team broadcaster for a lot of reasons.
But I like it when you get to really know a person
and you get to know their personalities.
But more than anything else, you get to know when they're down
and when they don't have any confidence.
And maybe you can say something to them.
Maybe you can, you know, reiterate, you know, how good they are
or whatever it might be.
And this kid has got such game.
When the game's on the line, I'll tell any scout that asks me a question,
anybody that wants to talk about Robbie Fabry, I'll say,
I'll tell you what, here's the analytics I know.
When the game's hot and on the line, he wants the ball.
So what else do you want?
Like that's him all the way.
So when you watch a Blues game and they're down by one
and there's four minutes to go, he's not dumping it in.
He's making a play.
He's holding on to the puck. He's giving it everything he's go. He's not dumping it in. He's making a play. He's holding on to the puck.
He's giving it everything he's got.
He's really competitive.
And he's not the biggest guy, but he's 190 pounds.
He's become a man now.
And he's working his tail off after two ACL reconstructive surgeries.
But more than anything else, I got to tell you, he's just got game.
And the other thing with, he's learning to play a little bit of golf.
And I had a chance to play some golf to play a little bit of golf and I had
a chance to play some golf with him a little while ago when the weather was good here. And the kids
got some, he's got, he's got a good move to him. He's going to be a good golfer. So that's even
just as important as his game on the, on the rink, of course. Yeah, I know. I just, we were so happy
to see him back and it was just a tough two years. So he's just, we, we just, it was cool for us to
get to know him and then to see him go through that. It just a tough two years. So it was cool for us to get to know him,
and then to see him go through that, it was tough.
So I'm just happy for him now.
We knew that you're buddies with him there.
I'm also curious.
All right, so when I watch the Blues,
it's like every night it's the same exact thing.
They just know exactly what it takes to win,
and it's almost like Berube, he demands,
I don't want to say demands
respect but they all love him they love playing for him and so whatever he's saying to them they're
buying it and every night it's so consistent and i just wonder like being around him every day
do you notice that in practice and stuff are they doing the same type drills is it like that
methodical because it right now it's like a machine. You just know they never really have off nights.
No, I had an old coach, and you guys know him well.
Daryl Sutter was a  when I was growing up with the Blackhawks organization,
he was the captain, and then he retired, and he was my assistant coach
my first year in the NHL.
And then as years went on, I actually got sent down because I tore my ACL,
and I went down to Indianapolis, and Darryl Sutter was my coach.
And we won a championship there with a great group of guys, by the way.
Bruce Cassidy was on my team, who's coaching right now.
And we had a lot of really good players on that team.
And the one thing I've noticed is that Craig Berube, who's a good friend of Daryl, he's got a lot of Daryl in him.
He's, you know, if you look at the warm-up, the morning skate, not the, so the morning skate,
what he does, you know, everybody's stretching at the very end of it. He goes around, he taps them all on the butt, says a couple of words to them. You know, I can picture him in the locker
room kind of leaning over to them and saying, we need you. You know, we need a lot more from you or we need this from you.
And that's a little bit of Daryl.
I think he's got  you know, he learned a little bit from Hitch
because he had him as a young kid.
And then when he was in Philly together, I know they talked
because he was in the minors.
So there's a little bit of that tactical stuff as well from Hitch,
which you need to have.
But I think he's got his own personality I think he's got I think he's got the ability to pat you on the back
pat you on the shoulder and kick in the ball and and you know like he pats you on the back when
you don't have confidence and he kicks you in the balls when you've got too much and says hey
let's go we need a little more from you and I I love that from him and I think he's done a great
job of that with the blues.
He's instilled confidence. They didn't have it early on for whatever reason,
they didn't have confidence, which I find hard to believe, but they didn't.
And he found the right way to do it and stay to them and build them up and make
them accountable. And he has fun too. He's a coach.
He loves talking hockey guys. He, you could call him any time of the day.
I can call him any time of the day. I can call him any time of the day.
I'm telling you, he answers the phone, and he just wants to talk about hockey.
And you've got to love that part of him.
He doesn't have a whole bunch of sayings.
He doesn't, you know, there's no Berube Hitchinary to him.
It's just him.
He's just a hockey guy, and he wants to win a championship here at the NHL level.
He wants to win a Stanley Cup.
That's all he wants to win a championship here at the NHL level. He wants to win a Stanley Cup. That's all he wants to do.
Panga, given the regular season success of the Islanders
and the Canes using two goalies,
and you add in the league's copycat tendencies,
are we going to start seeing teams maybe using more tandem situations,
or did we just get a pair of anomalies this year?
No, I think we've had that for a little bit of time.
I think we're quickly finding out that you can't just have one guy playing 75 games anymore.
It won't happen.
They're not fresh enough.
And, you know, I think the other part is, too, like, there's not a lot of practice time.
So it is hard for the second guy to stay sharp.
Like, the practices now, guys guys and and biz you and with you
guys see this it's it i'd love to play nowadays it's a it's a it's optional and then it's an
optional and then it's an optional and then you travel like there's and then there's a bunch of
free-flowing european style drills nothing game related and that's why you're seeing so many
two-on-ones that are misplayed three-on-tw ones that are misplayed, three on twos that are misplayed.
I mean, I just believe that it's a free flowing, you know, NHL.
So there's mistakes are going to happen,
but it's hard to be that other goalie as well.
So both guys got to stay sharp.
They got to play games.
And I mean, it's rare.
Listen, you can have Carey Price and paying 15 million a year.
If you can find that in your, in your, you know, in find that in your cap. But look at the Boston
Bruins right now. I mean, Yaro Halak was phenomenal this year. They're paying him good money to be a
backup goalie. But during the year, was he a backup goalie? Not really. They were both kind of the
one A's or one B, I don't know what you call them. Two number one. And that's the way they
balance it out. And that's why you've got two fresh guys. Even Bobrovsky didn't play all the games this year.
He had some help along the way so that he's a fresher guy right now in the playoffs.
And for those listening who don't know,
Darren Pang had a professional career as a goaltender.
There might be a few out there, Panger, who didn't know that,
but I wanted to talk to you a little bit.
That's why we're asking you so many goalie questions, of course.
We want to talk about your career a little bit i noticed that you played for the ottawa 67s uh in the ohl and had famous probably the most famous junior coach of all
time brian kilray as the head coach the greatest of all time is no question i always enjoy when
somebody asks me my junior days because uh every time see a former Ottawa 67 or a fellow teammate, for example, Bradshaw is a great coach for Columbus and Bruce Cassidy is a great coach for, you know, for the Boston Bruins. good he had so many good sayings he would say stuff to me in between periods that if it were
said now when it got out there you you like you couldn't believe some of the things he said like
for example i've had a few like that let's hear let's hear an example yeah give us well i i mean
how far i can go with it but there was there's a number of different things we were playing a game
in uh in this in the sioux it was my year, the year we won the Memorial Cup. And I was celebrating my, I guess it would have been my
19th birthday or would I have turned 20? I'm a February birthday, so I might have been turning
20. But it was my third year of major junior A. And we were out in Sudbury and I got a couple of
buddies, Darcy Roy and Bradshaw and Cassie and all the guys. We're having a good old time. I'm
having a birthday. We had a couple of days off between Sudbury and Sault Ste. Marie,
and we decided to go out.
We got a little ripped up, and it was a real fun night.
I guess my hotel room was probably a Motel 6 or something like that,
and it didn't go very well.
And I guess the maids and the manager told Killer what happened,
and our room was a bit of a disaster.
Anyway, I play the next next night we're in the sioux and i give up three bad ones in the first period and there's
these huge pucks that are way up there and i'm not sure if they're still there that was 1984 so
huge pucks up there that are on display that say the suzanne greyhound he comes into the room
and all he says to me is happy fucking birthday.
And he says,
Pang,
happy fucking birthday.
And,
uh, he said,
you couldn't stop those three pucks.
They were up there,
you know,
and he went on and on and on and all the boys are looking at me.
And,
you know,
it was just one of those teen moments where everybody loved it.
And killer was the best.
And sure enough,
next day puts me right back in the net again, patch me on the back gives me all kinds of confidence says come on ping pong let's go you know and that that's just he was just the best i mean
panger that was the pg-13 version buddy i know what happened and you were yeah that was like
ra parties and you probably bought two hot ones back to the hotel room,
and it was a fuck fest all night, and all of a sudden there was some noise coming in.
Next thing you go, Motley Crue, and you just destroy the room, and then you got to play the next night.
Come on here.
You don't got to hold back, baby.
Well, number one.
Let's check this podcast.
Number one.
You know what number one is?
I never liked Motley Crue.
So it could not have been that music.
No, I met you.
I had a heart attack. I met you went Motley Crue on the room as in destroyed it.
Oh, and again, look at me.
I'm just a little fella.
I wouldn't do that.
I might do flips on the bed or something like that.
But yeah, there you go, big guy.
And no, that never happened.
I had a bunch of good roommates.
We had a couple of pops.
Fair enough.
You know that.
Okay. You played that. Okay.
You played six professional seasons, though,
and you actually finally got your sniff in the NHL in your first year, actually.
You played a game for the Chicago Broncos.
I did.
You guys know Jim Ralph pretty well, huh?
Jimmy Ralph, one of the funnest.
He's a little too old for us.
Oh, come on.
One of the funnest guys ever, and he does the radio for the Leafs,
but he's an unbelievable public. Oh, I know Jim Ralph. Never mind. Oh, come on. One of the funnest guys ever, and he does the radio for the Leafs, but he's an unbelievable public
Oh, I know Jim Rowe.
Never mind.
I know Jim Rowe.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's a great public speaker, but he was also a highly touted
a very highly touted goalie for the Blackhawks.
Played for the 67s as a 15-year-old and played four years there,
and I followed him up.
So I was there after him.
And then I signed with the Blackhawks. So I followed him up there.
We were roommates in Milwaukee,
my first year pro where,
where coach Cliff Corral's wife thought I was a sick boy and Ralphie and I
were partners.
And so he's the next guy getting called up.
Warren scored density and Murray Bannerman of the goalies.
And,
and I know going down to the minors that I'm the backup goaltender to Jim
Ralph.
And this was going to be a great year. And him and were roommates and and uh all good well he ends up tearing an
MCL playing in Toledo Ohio on 25 cent beer night and uh anyway he was uh he was he ended up being
done and uh done for the year sure enough two weeks later, Bannerman gets hurt.
Skordensky, you know, the guy, I get called up.
Skordensky gets hurt, and I get to play my first game in Minnesota.
I just turned 21.
It was my first year pro, and I got to play against Bobby Smith
and Steve Payne, guys I grew up idolizing.
They played for the Ottawa 67.
They used to watch them as kids, and Steve Payne had two goals on me. Bobby Smith made some plays. Don Beaupre was in the other
net. I mean, I was like, you got to be kidding me. But the funniest part about my first NHL game was,
do you believe, this is, it's hard to believe with only four letters,
Pang is an easy thing. I could have put tape on the back of my sweater. Do you think I had a name plate on the back of my sweater for my first NHL game?
Nothing. So I go into
Minnesota. I got no name on the back. I play the game and
it was about halfway through the first period. It was a commercial
break and some guy in the crowd yells out,
hey Pang, the Pee Wees are on next stick around.
And I'm, I'm sitting there thinking to myself, I'm five, four and a half.
I was 132 pounds and I'm thinking, Oh my goodness. I am in the big show.
It was sold out the Hawks and the Hawks and the, and the North stars.
They hate each other. Uh uh Al Secord Dino
Ciccarelli the whole group so anyway that was my first uh foray into it and I got I got to stay
there for a couple of weeks uh made an NHL paycheck remember buying my mother how much
I was making uh 90,000 so I think I had about a I think I might have made 90,000. So I think I had about a, I think I might have made like 13,000,
something like that, in that time that I was up.
Wow.
Pretty good, huh?
Bennington's making seven times that this year.
That's crazy.
It's called inflation, all right?
Yeah.
I know, I know.
He's going to get paid too this summer.
Yeah, but I was making 22.5 in the minors so i mean my
per diem was 13 a day this was a bonus man i was living life yeah exactly people at the game
they're like they're filming rookie of the year hockey version what the fuck's this who is this
uh hey you know another guy that now is uh making waves in the NHL in a different way that you
played with though and was a hell of a player I I've been told was was is Bruce Cassidy right
oh he's a great player absolutely he was unbelievable he was as a rookie in the Ontario
Hockey League he had over 110 points I mean as a defenseman, like he, he was so calm, cool, and collected. It was,
it was, he was incredible. I'd never seen a guy like the fire was at its hottest. And that guy
was like, he didn't have a pulse. He would make a play. He would toe drag a guy in front of the net.
He would, the first time I got traded to Ottawa from Belleville, I was the first goalie drafted
by the Belleville Bulls. And then the second year, I got traded to my hometown of Ottawa, thank God. And it ends up that Bruce Cassidy says to me,
so can you play the puck? What's going on? Like, what do you like? And I go,
Brucey, you're in trouble. Play it back to me. I can play the puck. And no problems there.
Sure enough, he's got pressure on him. He's got the puck. He's on his backhand right in front of me, maybe 10 feet.
And he high saucers a backhand hoister to me right to my glove.
I catch it, put it down.
He peels off.
I pass him the puck.
And he goes down the other way.
And he goes, that's a great play.
I'm like, great play?
I didn't expect that.
But that's Brucey.
Brad Shaw and Bruce Cassidy were tremendous together.
They were unbelievable.
One's a right-hand shot, one's a left-hand shot,
and they could do it all.
They were great.
Panga, like you mentioned earlier, you were around when it was both an IHL
and an AHL in the 80s.
So I want to ask, how insane did some of those affairs get
because of the fights?
And did you ever have a scrap yourself as a goalie?
I had a scrap in major junior A.
I mean, honestly, I got the shit kicked out of me.
It was embarrassing.
Love the honesty.
Yeah, it was terrible.
I got a goalie named Darren Kosar.
And the saddest thing, my mother was up visiting from Ottawa,
and she drove, and she stayed at the same hotel.
There's only so many hotels in Belleville.
And it was a wicked brawl, five on five. And I tried to join into a fight to help out a teammate and
goalie came and really he really hurt me bad like he hit me so bad he ragdolled me I was probably
125 pounds at that point a rookie in the OHL and uh it was a rugged one. So that was my one. NHL, no fights for me.
The IHL, we had a situation one time where I'd never seen it before in my life.
We were getting ready to go on a bus heading to Kalamazoo or Indianapolis
or wherever.
I don't know where we were going.
And our coach, Dennis DeRogier, who's still a Saginaw native.
He was my head coach in Saginaw.
He was my head coach in Saginaw.
Seriously, Ben. Yeah, he was a wild man, apparently. He was my head coach in Saginaw. He was my head coach in Saginaw. Seriously, Ben.
Yeah, he was a wild man, apparently, so I can't wait to hear this one.
So he's just in the beginning part of it.
He'd probably only been out of playing for maybe three, four years.
And so he had a couple of good friends on our team, Mel Hewitt,
and who else was there? There's another fella, Mel Hewitt and this other guy.
And, uh, he ends up, uh, we're getting on the bus to go on this trip.
So we all got a couple of cold beers in the back and we're getting ready to go.
We probably have McDonald's and we just finished losing the game seven to six.
And next thing you know, like we're, we're kind of, you know,
what's going on at the front of the bus.
So we all kind of peer out there and, and, uh, we're like, what's going on? There's of the bus? So we all kind of peer out there and, and we're like, what's going on?
There's a fight right in the landing area, right.
As we're taking off, like we're, you know, the, the, the bus,
the door is open. I'm like, what the hell's going on?
And Mel Hewitt and our coach and another one of our players are in a full
pledge brawl. So Rosie's, I mean, he's trying's, I mean, he's trying to go hard on them.
I mean, he's fighting them hard.
And next thing you know, they've taken their gear off the bus.
And Rosie comes in.
He's got a little, I don't know, he had a little shiner.
He got nicked up a little bit.
And we're like, what the fuck's going on?
He's like, let's go.
Bus is going.
And we leave.
And our two teammates are sitting there with their bags right there.
And I'm thinking to myself, we're in the IHL.
What is going on here?
And a lot of our guys, because they were American League players
from the Springfield Indians, but they moved right directly to the IHL.
We were the number one team from the Blackhawks.
So there was only four or five teams that were number one affiliate.
The rest of them were number two affiliate.
So you can imagine some of the gong shows
that we had going on right there.
It was unbelievable.
And anyway, that was one.
The second one was I was in Saginaw
and I got, four of us got beat up by some locals.
Eight locals jumped us out of a bar
and I got my front tooth knocked out of me.
Peter Horchak was our captain and I got into the bar and I said, Chucky, you got to come here.
We've been hit. And he said, been hit? I just bought a new 320i BMW. I was rolling really hard,
you know, making 22.5 in the minors, but I bought this beautiful gray BMW. And he said, not the car, not the BMW.
I said, Chucky, we've been hit.
You got to get here.
I lost my tooth.
And so that ended up being front page of Saginaw news stuff.
So anyway, that's the miners.
What are you going to do?
It's a jungle.
You go through it.
And you know me.
I got out of the car the boys told me to stay
in the car and lock the door I'm like I can't do
that I open up my door I jump
out of the car and I got popped like
three or four times right in the melon and my
tooth is lying there I'm like this is no good
so anyway that was it
for me not much of a fighter boys
yeah we can tell
but eventually you worked your way up to
the NHL level and you
actually did color for the arizona coyotes and uh well green gretzky was head coach and from what
i'm hearing from all these uh all the people in this organization is you guys used to go out and
have some pretty iconic dinners where he would just light the hot stove and you guys would just
sling stories all night long that's what i love about Wayne. I love him to this day.
He's a hot stover and I actually, I met him up.
He has a house here in St. Louis of all places because obviously Janet's from
here, but he loves it here and called the other day and said, let's,
let's head over to sportsman's. It's a little local establishment.
And we sat there, had a few pops again, and that's what we talk about,
golf and hockey.
And we did that in Arizona.
I always called them the Phoenix Coyotes because when I was there for four
years, that's what the Coyotes were, were the Phoenix Coyotes.
But I got to tell you, I had a blast.
Mike Barnett was a GM.
You had, obviously, Wayne Talk.
You had Ulf Samuelsson.
It was just a great group of guys, and everybody wanted to talk hockey.
Everybody wanted a hot stove.
There was a couple of times where Wayne's on the plane,
and we're heading into a certain city, and he's like, let's go.
We're going right back down.
They've got a couple of pops waiting for us down at the bar,
and we're going to go talk about it, you know,
hot stove and talk about some players. And it never stopped.
Biz, it was like, I've had a lot of fun being a broadcaster. I have fun.
I've done, I've done this for, I don't know, since 1990.
Those four years were incredible. They were incredible years, pal.
And I know they didn't win, but Wayne involved every single person,
and that's what made it so much fun.
Every day was a great day.
Every day was a hot stove day.
And all he wanted to do was win,
and unfortunately he couldn't get that done there in Arizona.
And everyone who texted me about stories for you knew you wouldn't mention this one.
When one day you were heading into the rink, and you had a coffee in your hands, and I don't know if you were playing on your phone, but you weren't mention this one when one day you were heading into the rink and you had a coffee in your hands and i don't know if you were playing on your phone but you weren't paying attention
and you walked right by a forklift and went ass over tea kettle and they caught it on surveillance
and we're going to be setting it out in a little blog on our twitter so everyone can see it because
it's on youtube actually one of the funniest things i've ever seen. What happened there? You've never walked by a forklift before?
And on YouTube, it's called Pang Goes Bang.
Yeah.
And we've got to thank Todd Walsh for that.
He doesn't take the blame, but there's no question that the ace reporter was part of it.
How did you know who it is?
Oh, sometimes.
Absolutely.
Wait.
Come on. I'm walking down, sometimes. Absolutely. Wait. Come on.
I'm walking down those stairs.
Life's good.
I think I got a brand new pair of khakis on there.
I'm looking good.
Those things were a nightmare.
Were those like the Jenko ones, the wide leg?
Oh, no.
I had stylist ones, pal.
Are you kidding me?
I went to a place.
I went to a five foot five and under place and made me look slim and everything.
They were good.
They were sharp.
Check the video.
Maybe the camera makes them look a little wider.
Check the video, guys.
It's right there on YouTube.
Pang goes bang.
We're going to have a vote on our social media
to see whether those are too wide
or not. We're going to see if you got ripped off
at your nice suit making place or whatever.
You check that out. here's the deal about that that uh the forklift okay number one i'm walking down there and yes no doubt people that know me know i wasn't paying
much attention okay but there's two things that came to mind for me number one the the new york
rangers were in town and i could hear a t the bus was in front of me and I could hear that the bus was rolling. Okay.
So I'm thinking to myself, number one, all right, walk down there,
got it going, not thinking about the bus just yet.
The driver of the forklift says morning panger.
So I looked at, you can't see this this i looked to my right and i said morning
probably said morning big boy something i stole from jd uh john d i just i say that because i'm
you know everybody's a big boy so i say hey big boy good morning and then i don't see that the
legs because they're so low to the ground that they're there and i'm telling you what i ripped
the bottom of my pants i ripped the bottom of my pants. I ripped the knee
of my pants. And don't forget, I had like, I have no ACL. I had, at that point, I had six surgeries
on my left knee. It hurt like hell. So I got to pick myself up, get all my books up, spill my
coffee, try to act normal, wipe my pants, and then look up, and I saw that bus.
And I'm thinking to myself, they're in the bus,
and they saw this whole thing happening.
This is not going to be good. Yeah, you can see it in the video,
but the good news is you'll never have to wear those pants again.
Yeah.
Hey, Panger, what do you make of your Ottawa 67s going 12-0
in the first three rounds of OHL playoffs?
They're unbelievable.
They're unbelievable.
They traded for Mikey DiPietro, but before that,
they had another goaltender that was, I mean, really, really good.
And they're money.
They're good.
They got a lot of drafted players.
They remind me of the team that we won the Memorial Cup with in 1984.
I'm  last year I went back there because they had me drop the puck.
I don't know.
I don't like
Humble brag.
Not a big deal.
Yeah.
I don't want to say that Brian Kilray voted me as the top 50 of all time
that I dropped the puck.
But anyway, you know, that's
Just a humble brag, eh? But, I mean, if that happened, you know, that's... Just a couple of brag, eh?
But I mean, if that happened, you know, then that was really,
actually I am more humbled than what I'm talking about.
So I did get to do that.
So I got to know a couple of the guys, including Wendell Clark's son,
who's on that team, that's the Washington Draft pick.
And Cedric Andre is a small goalie that at one point Steve Eisenman was going to a game in
Saginaw this year and he and he watched the game on the way back he called me he says holy
smoke fang I saw a goalie and he was like you and I said you saw that who'd you see and he says
Ottawa 67 I said that's Cedric Andre and he goes oh my god he's small and he's he's a he's a really
quick little guy so he'll be the goalie of the future there, but Mikey DiPietro is
probably going to lead to the promised land here. It's a good team. Good city.
They're sold out. The place is alive. I love it because of what's going
on. Not the Ottawa Senators themselves, but some of the things
that that owner has done there. The junior team needed
some help. They needed to have a winning environment.
The people love hockey there, and they've been a little bit disturbed
with what's been going on on the other side of it,
although some good things are happening, obviously, with them,
but still, it's sold out.
It's 10,000-seat arena right there at the Civic Center, as you know,
and it's a great spot when it's full.
Pang, you played with a couple of Boston Savages
on you with the Saginaw Generals.
Brian Noonan from Celti and Eddie Consign from Charlestown.
What kind of animals were they off the ice?
They seemed like they were probably a couple of hell raises back then.
Oh, man.
Noons, all we heard about was Noons and Celti.
I mean, come on.
He's got like 19 family members.
He knows everybody there.
Noons was, and still is. He's still a good friend.
He was unbelievable
because, number one, we started out
at training camp together.
And if you remember, he went to the Western Hockey
League from Southie
and scored 50 goals.
So here's this guy that comes
to training camp, and I'm looking
at all these guys, like, what's that they got?
Like, this guy scored 50 goals. He's like a noodle. So we call them noodles.
And so Noon
and I started out in Saginaw.
Then he went to Halifax. I went to Halifax.
I went to Chicago at the same time he went to Chicago.
And then we both ended up in Indianapolis on that same team I was talking about
that won the Turner Cup.
So that's how, like, we were together almost like our whole pro careers
until he, obviously, I retired really early in my career, only six years.
And then he continued on.
And I tell you what, I love noodles. When we were in
Saginaw, especially, I mean, you're together every day. You're doing everything. You go to movies,
you're drinking beers, you're going out. But the one thing I remember too, is we were in Hartford
and it was our rookie kind of, we didn't have the same rookie dinners as you have today,
where the rookies spend unbelievable amounts of money. We just went out to a bar.
I think it was called the Russian Lady in Hartford,
and a popular old bar.
And I think the Minnesota Twins were playing the World Series.
And so all the veterans got us all drinking,
and that was just a common thing.
And Nunes and I didn't mind that.
We did that for three years in the minors.
So we were having a good old time.
But I noticed Nunes was really not doing very well.
And the vets were like,
keep going, keep going. And in the meantime, they put some chew and some cigarette butts and all
kinds of stuff in a little shot glass. And they wanted Noons to drink it. And I was looking at
Noons and he was sicker than a dog anyway. So I grabbed it and I chugged it down myself. And I
could see the vets kind of looking, no, you know, in slow motion when you're about to chugged it down myself and I could see the vets kind of looking no you know in slow motion
when you're about to chug something that's not good they're like no and anyway so I always tell
that to noodles I said no I saved you from all that disastrous junk they put in that shot glass
I drank it with the agameister and uh it's funny how the little goalie had no problem with it but
that was one of the things we had bonding experiences all over the place.
And I love Nunes.
I think he's just a  he was a phenomenal guy.
And when he won the Stanley Cup in 1994 with the New York Rangers,
that was my first year with ESPN.
I was on the ice.
I got to see Steve Larmer, an old teammate, and I got to see Brian Noonan.
And that was incredible.
When you can see a former teammate win a Stanley Cup there,
it doesn't get much better than that.
A lot of people say he scored that goal too, not Messier.
You're darn right he scored that goal.
There is no question in the world he scored that goal.
But, you know, that's Noon. Do you think Noon's going to take that away from Marc Messier There is no question in the world he scored that goal. But you know what? That's Noon. Do you think
Noon's going to take that away from Mark Massey?
Not a chance in the world. But if you just have
to look at the replay, it's right there.
It's right there. He scored that goal.
Massey's stick never got on that puck.
Maybe that's why Ryan Smith won't do it.
You're a beauty.
Hey, Pagger. Fuck fuck this is good but um before we let you go i gotta ask the one
last question i'm most interested in and that is this this golf trip you got with the with a
crazy crew of uh hockey people far and wide i think it's kenny holland john buchigras ray ferraro
many others right and what is it it? Ireland a couple times.
Band in Dunes, I hear.
What is up this summer?
Nova Scotia.
Like, how'd that all come together?
What's the whole crew like there?
Because I have a big one that I talk about frequently on here.
Yeah, I love yours.
I follow you guys, too.
Yours is way better.
You guys have got helicopters and stuff.
That's because we got Jennifer Carlson money.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
Didn't you have somebody?
Wasn't it Brad May that jumped out of the helicopter
and the cows were coming or something like that?
Yeah, we were in  I think I might have told this, but
We were in Ireland.
We had the helicopters back from Old Head.
And, you know, it's a lot of money, but you go into Old Head, you play 36,
you don't have to stay there and go for a long bus ride.
That's how we do it.
It's an NHL trip.
And, you know, these pilots have never really had guys crush as many beers
as we had, and all of a sudden, like, on an hour ride,
Mayday's like, hey, land this helicopter,
or I'm going to piss all over this fucking helicopter.
I'll tell you that right now.
You're down in the field with all the cows looking at you and the people in the house miles away.
Why is there a helicopter in my field?
Guys are hosing.
I've never seen that.
That's the difference between us.
I just don't have that kind of cabbage.
That's the bottom line.
We have a good time. First time I ever went with Kenny Holland was 2001.
And the first time I went to Scotland was with, it was a great group. We surprised Steve Eisman for his thousandth game. And we went with Alan Trammell, the great third baseman,
and a buddy named Bob Moran
from Detroit and we went that was the first time that I set that up and then in 01 I got in touch
with or Kenny got in touch with me and we had Joey Kosher that I played a lot of golf with and
and a bunch of guys so that that was 01 and then it continued on in 05 I went back with Steve and
then Kenny's group is is just so well organized
and you know what you're going to get the whole way around.
And so we've been to Scotland and we've been to Ireland.
We've been to Bannon Dunes.
We are going up to Cabot Cliffs and Cabot Links this August.
John Bucciagras is in there.
I was in the group with Bucci when,
I can't remember what course,
I think it might have been Royal County down,
but I'm not sure that he had a two on a par five or a three on a par five.
He was humming, boy.
He was rolling.
And so we're going up to Cabot Cliffs and Cabot Links,
and Ray Ferraro is there, and we got Kenny.
We got a bunch of a lot of the similar guys that are just great guys.
Kenny's so well organized.
Everybody gets a laminated, basically a passport itinerary.
You know all your two-man matches.
You know what money's in the pot.
You know what, you know, at the end of the day, you're either a field filler,
you're a pigeon, or you're a winner.
And that's the way he describes everybody.
So it really puts a lot of pressure on you to do well.
If you don't come up with any money, he lets you know it.
Everybody lets you know it.
Anyway, we might be looking for one more.
I think he called it single-digit field filler.
Anybody know a pigeon out there to come to Cabot Lynx?
Love to have them.
Yeah, we know a lot of them.
We got one of them, our co-host, Ryan Wheatley.
I don't know if you've met him before.
Panger, last thing before we let you go prediction on what you think that's going to go on the rest of playoffs for the st louis blues you think they're going to get by dallas
uh yeah i mean being up i mean being up where they're up right now they've uh i don't think
either team has really played their best biz, and I think that's really good.
I do believe, and I'll say this, I said this before,
I think this is a seven-game series.
I think it comes back to St. Louis for the seventh game, far from over.
But I am impressed with a lot of these young players that aren't phased by anything.
This Miro Heiskanen, I'm just, I don't know about,
you're a defense were a defensive
Are you sure I had Buffalo fans bitching at me all day yesterday
because I thought maybe he deserved to be in there other than Darlene?
I was going to say, did you notice that you say Darlene properly now
because you got so much grief?
Oh, man, I got torched online for saying that.
How were you saying it?
And someone  the one stat that impressed me is the fact that he led
their entire team at five-on-five ice time throughout the course
of the whole season.
Like, this is a team that was one of the  allowed the least amount of goals.
Like, this guy was relied upon to, like, shut down top lines as a, what,
18-year-old defenseman, or has he hit 19 yet?
Yeah, he just just turning 19.
He's phenomenal.
And so it takes a new
And you know what?
And Bennington's unbelievable.
And obviously, your main guy is going to win it all anyway.
So Elias Patterson is going to win it all.
So it's not going to matter at the end of the day.
But being in the top three, I can  I mean, my career ended rather quickly.
But I actually was lucky enough to be a finalist for the caller trophy.
And it's really cool because you live with it forever.
And I always feel bad for the guys that end up fourth or fifth because,
I mean, it's just something that's kind of cool.
And I feel bad for Haskins because I think he's an unbelievable defenseman,
but that's the luck of the draw.
This was a really strong rookie crop because Brady Kachuk was unbelievable.
I think the future is pretty darn good in the NHL.
And not to boot, a free trip to Vegas with the most important thing here.
That's exactly right.
That's what we're talking about.
Banger, I did have an intro queued up for you,
and I did have a mention that you were called the trophy finalist in 1988,
just for the record.
I did get a 5,000 bonus for that.
That's fucked up, Panger.
He didn't share that with me, or I would have had that on a silver platter.
I knew you would have, Whit.
I knew you had my back, pal.
Hey, this is great, man.
It was good to finally get you on here, and hopefully we tee it up pretty soon.
Thanks for coming on, and I'll see you in Secaucus pretty soon, I'm sure.
I'm looking forward to it, pal.
And Biz, you as well, big boy.
You've done great.
Proud of you.
I'm going to get you a new pair of khakis.
Slip legs, please.
I will.
It'll be a funny promo code.
That interview was also brought to you by Dollar Shave Club.
I love that Dollar Shave Club has everything I need to look, feel, and smell my best.
What I love even more is the fact that I never have to go to a store.
That's because, one, Dollar Shave Club delivers everything I need right to my door,
and, two, they keep me fully stocked on what I need and what I use so I don't run out.
Here's how it works.
Dollar Shave Club has everything you need to get ready, no matter what you're getting ready for.
They have you covered head to toe for your hair, your skin, your face.
You name it, they have it.
And they have this new program where they automatically keep you stocked up on the products you use.
You determine what you want and when you want it, and it shows up right at your door from once a month to once every six months.
That's what I do for my Dollar Shave Club toothpaste.
I get it every couple weeks.
Boom, hooked me up.
Stuff is fantastic.
I'm all done with the old stuff I used to use.
No more Aquafresh or Crest.
I'm all about that Dollar Shave Club toothpaste.
Plus, with their handsome discount, the more you buy, the more you save.
And right now, they've got a bunch of starter sets you can try for just 5 like their oral care kit.
After that, the restock box ships regular-sized products at regular price.
So what are you waiting for?
Get your starter set for just 5 now at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
Thank you very much to Darren Pang.
Great guy that everyone loves hanging out with. Great storyteller
and a really good golfer.
It makes me want to golf chatting with him about that.
R.A., we had a legit trade go
down with a prospect in the NHL.
Fill us in there, please. Absolutely.
Not long after prospect Adam Fox
announced he was going to go back to Harvard
for his senior season. K-R to the V.
V-A-R to the V.
Harvard, Harvard, Harvard.
Geeks.
Excuse me.
The Hurricanes shipped him off to the Rangers for a second-round pick
in June's draft and a conditional third in 2020.
The third would become a second if Fox plays 30 NHL games
with the Rangers next year.
That's a pretty good haul for Carolina considering, you know,
he could have just went.
Everyone knows he wants to go to the Rangers. He probably didn't have to give anything.
Grinnell, you made a great point in saying
give Carolina some credit.
Did you on Twitter? They got a second round
pick from a guy that everyone knew
they wanted to leave. For a guy that
was drafted in the third round.
Essentially, they flipped that.
He was originally drafted by Calgary and then
was sent over in that Lindholm-Hamilton trade.
But I think Carolina should be getting a ton of credit here.
I agree.
Now, saying that, wouldn't he have to go back and play college for another full season next year?
Yeah, but then he could have chose any team he wanted.
Correct.
But it's clear that he probably thinks he's NHL ready.
It's clear that the Rangers thinks he's NHL ready. It's clear that the Rangers think he's NHL ready.
Carolina does have some type of leverage in saying,
if you don't offer me enough, I'm not going to trade him to you
to help benefit your team.
He's going to go have to eat another year in college.
Harvard's different, though.
Those guys love to go back and finish out their career at Harvard.
Right, and I'm just trying to analyze the entire situation.
Sure, credit can be given to Carolina for getting a potential second-round pick out
of it, right, if he ends up playing more than 30 games.
But what you're saying is that they were like, hey, if you don't give us what we want, you're
too good for college now and you're going back.
Yeah, you're right.
Well, yeah, or we're not going to just give up an asset to help the New York Rangers.
And considering you're essentially fucking us by not signing with us,
we'll let you rot another year in college.
If that's really what you want to do, then go do it.
But, I mean, they might say, well, if you're going to offer us a fifth, no.
We don't care. Just go back to college then.
Yeah.
100.
So there's a little bit of leverage considering New York wanted him bad
and thinks that he can make an impact to the lineup.
In the grand scheme of things, if he ends up being what we all think he's going to be,
who gives a shit? It was a second rounder. And now New York knows they got their guy.
So somebody who was very high on him was going to offer that. Now, I'm actually surprised that
Tree Living didn't grab him back in Calgary.
I think this kid wanted to play with the Rangers,
and the whole point was that if he went back to school,
he would be able to just go to them.
Sure, then there you go.
So he found his team, and everybody's happy,
and credit Carolina for getting the second pick.
Yeah, he only wanted to go to New York. Oh, that's for sure?
That was known out there.
He's a Long Island kid, grew up on Long Island,
grew up a diehard Rangers fan,
and he only wanted to play with the Rangers.
And this kind of goes back to the fact that you're seeing it a lot, that a lot of these
college kids, I mean, they kind of get to pick and choose where they want to go.
You got to wait, but yeah, if you wait it out and you're a good player, you're going
to pretty much have your choice.
You think it will be addressed in the next CBA?
Yeah. have your choice you think it will be addressed in the next cba yeah i i think it may but keep in
mind if if these players aren't being paid earlier on like let's say a junior kid was drafted and
then by the time he's 1920 signs his first nhl deal well if if nobody picks these guys or pass
up on them and draft them later on by the time they get to a certain age i feel that they should
have the right to have to say where they go and how much money they're making.
Because at that time, they would be technically becoming out of their entry-level contracts
as the kids would be if they were 19.
Oh, age-wise?
Age-wise, right?
So it's just like, well, if they haven't made any money, they've been playing college hockey.
I mean, unless you're playing for the London Knights, of course.
But, quick jab, i'm just kidding uh but yeah i i i think that at a certain point college kids maybe should have
that i think that some guys bring it a little far and jimmy vc if we had him on i'd even tell
it to his face like i think it's kind of funny how when he was up and when he was trying to find
what team he was going to go to it was like every week he dropped one team off the list,
and it kept getting dragged out where it's like,
dude, just pick a fucking team.
I'm sick of hearing your name in the media.
You can't until August 15th.
That's the whole issue.
Yeah, I know, but it was like he's narrowed the list down to five teams.
Oh, yeah.
He's narrowed the list down.
That was not his fault.
I'll back him.
That was not his fault.
Which is fine, and I would joke around about with him,
but it's just like, dude, you haven't played a fucking game yet,
and everyone's seen your name.
I don't know.
Obviously, things have changed a little bit,
but coming into a locker room when I was a vet,
if you had a kid like that, I'd be like, bud, smarten the fuck up.
You better be bringing everything that we've heard about,
because if you don't, I'm going to shrivel you the entire season.
Shrivel, well word.
They got a nice haul for that trade.
It got even better for them, so looking good.
What else do you have there, Biz?
I just wanted to give stick taps to Zach Hyman
because he was apparently playing on a torn ACL.
Obviously, it turned out to be actually a torn ACL.
They didn't think it was that serious when it happened during the first round,
and he ended up having successful ACL surgery after playoffs.
So I complimented him on Twitter.
I said that he's a honey badger.
He works his balls off.
Just one of those guys.
He brings his lunch pail to work every day.
And when guys play through injuries like that, I got to give credit where it's due.
Unfortunately, it was only one torn ACL where I played with two. So, uh hey you got some catching up to do buddy but nonetheless he can like add
that into a children's novel the teddy bear gave his crush a note but he was on a torn acl like i
could just see him putting this into a new book he's gonna write so congrats to him for grinding
that out and i also want to talk about uh a facetime i got the other night oh from the rocket
i think it was after the raptors game. I'm not sure if he went, but
Peter Gerges, the guy I mentioned who has the most off-the-ice assists of all
time, lines up all the rookie parties for the NHL guys, has a bar
and awesome restaurant in Toronto called Marble.
I was there, got a few notches when I was in Toronto, not a big deal.
But he's also buddies with Crosby.
And I get a FaceTime from Peter Gerges at, I think it was like what,
like 11 o'clock in Arizona.
And sure as shit, he was with Sidney Crosby.
Sid say.
Sid was in good spirits.
Obviously, you know, a tough loss in playoffs, but he had a great year,
has just been nominated for the Hart
Trophy.
He made an inkling that he might
be coming on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Come on.
Come on now. I said that.
He goes, and his comments were,
I need to make up for that performance in playoffs.
Wow.
A lot of you people listening don't know what
Crosby is like personality
wise but he's a little bit self deprecating
and he's a fun guy and he's an awesome guy
and all you people complain about oh he's
a baby you know no personality
nah he just doesn't show it to you
mutants but hopefully
we can get that personality on Spitting
Chicklets and listen
he won't be telling kill stories because he hasn't got any
and he's got a smoking hot girlfriend
if we can get him on I won't be telling kill stories because he hasn't got any, and he's got a smoking hot girlfriend.
If we can get him on, I'll tell a couple kill stories.
Nah.
Yeah, well, there you go. He switched her up.
So thanks to Gurgie for getting him on FaceTime
and hopefully brokering a deal in order to get him on the podcast.
That would be unreal.
I would say probably number two on our list of potential guests to get on Spitting Chicklets.
Who's number one?
Number four.
Okay.
I would disagree.
I would say Brett Hall's right at the top
of the list. Yeah.
And we'll do some digging to get him on the pod.
We can just get like Nikki Sixx on because
Biz just wants kill stories.
Put it on tape. I'll listen to it on the ride home.
Is that it? No. Unfortunately
we have some sad news we got to end the show with this week.
Tough story.
Jason Barchford, he was a writer for The Athletic.
He also worked for TSN up in Canada.
He passed away on Wednesday, only 48 years old, apparent heart failure.
He's a guy who I think me and him mixed it up during the Bruins-Canucks-Stanley Cup a few years ago.
He's a guy who liked to mix it up online, like a lot of us do who cover the game.
And I never met him personally, but everybody who worked with him had terrific things to say about him.
I know he had a wife and a few children that he leaves.
It's just heartbreaking.
It's such a heartbreaking story to be that young and just have your wife.
So young, dude.
I mean, 48 years old.
I mean, fuck, I'm going to be 47.
It said heart failure? Yeah. I mean, 48 years old. I mean, fuck, I'm going to be 47. It said heart failure?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Jesus.
You just got to hope that there was no pain and it was quick for him.
But I woke up.
I was like, holy shit, I saw that.
And it's just thoughts and prayers to his family.
Yeah, the consensus I got from just a lot of media members who were tweeting out about him.
And you knew he was a well-respected guy just based on the number of people who wrote comments online but you know they said he was
you know very opinionated but wrote very good articles and and stood out because he was himself
and he said what he believed and you know if if he disagreed with you he'd come after you uh you
even mentioned he had a little rift with bob m McKenzie back in the day where he was going back and forth.
But listen, sometimes I disagree with certain media members and how they, specifically ones that continually try to shun the game,
like something's way more violent than it actually was and that there's a real problem with the game that needs to be changed,
specifically when they haven't even laced them up, which drives me up the goddamn wall.
But nonetheless, we're all in this for the reason of we want to give our opinion
and entertain and try to bring people's knowledge about the game to a different level.
And he got a reaction from people.
No matter what, that shows you're good at what you do.
If this many people would get upset at what he wrote or agree with what he wrote,
it showed he had passion, he loved the game.
And, yeah, we're thinking of his family because that was a really shitty thing
to lose someone, and the hockey family's small.
And no matter what part you play a role in, a lot of people that are involved
were really sad to hear about that passing, and we're thinking of them.
Yeah, a lot of Canucks fans wrote to me and said
he kind of wrote from the fan perspective, which is
what we do at Barstool, kind of
tells it like he sees it. He's not beholden to editors.
He kind of just wrote from the cuff and
he was a fan favorite and it's just
an awful tragedy and we're part of
the hockey media community too, so we wanted
to acknowledge it and mention it and again
extend our deepest condolences and
sympathies to his family, friends, and his peers at the Athletics.
So hopefully everybody's doing okay.
But some sad news.
But, boys, we're getting ready to fire it up at Hurricanes a little bit.
Yeah, Bernal's got to edit this thing, get it out, and we'll see everyone at Hurricanes tonight at the Garden.
And hopefully, for our race sake, the Bruins can make this thing a series.
But either way, Biz is getting after it. He's promised us. This is gut-check sake, the Bruins can make this thing a series. But either way, Biz is getting after it.
He's promised us.
This is gut check time for the Bruins.
They need to pull this one out.
If they don't win this game, I think the series is kaputs.
I agree.
See, the rub is in his pocket.
He's not going to use from here.
I just tie my foreskin up at the end.
Oh, and one quick last thing,
and I'm getting into it on this fucking online with this guy right now.
No, dude.
Wait, wait, no, no.
Are you getting torched online?
So Klingberg had a pretty funny celebration where he was fist pumping,
and he was making this motion with his arm.
He was doing the make a squirt motion?
And Grinnelli posted, what are you grading this celly?
And I wrote, two in the pink and one of the stink gets a 7.8 7.8 celebration
score and then underneath it i i wrote uh because somebody else mentioned it or as someone else
already put it the underhand bean blaster listen it's yeah is it like aggressive so one guy came
at me online saying like oh like what are women gonna think of this when they read it and i'm like
like fuck you like there's women who liked it and laughed and thought it was funny.
You're going to have the say for what women can think is humorous and not?
What type of level of narcissism is that?
I have an aggressive sense of humor.
If you don't like it, just go the other fucking way.
And I'm sick of this whole like oh being respect how
was that not respectful to women do they not know that fucking guys finger chicks sometimes and then
use that type of language no and there's women who think that that type of sense of humor is funny
and they're ones that aren't so don't try to come at me with your social justice warrior bullshit
i know where that fucking line is and I won't cross it. I'm not
sexist. I'm not racist.
Guy's finger pussy
and I think that that's what Klingberg was doing in that
celebration and that is final.
So fuck you. Klingberg's nasty.
Alright. It's a pleasure to be back guys.
Love you. Thanks for having me. Everybody have a great
weekend. Peace.
Here's a
little song I wrote.
You might want to sing it
note for note. Don't
worry.
Be happy.
In every life
we have some trouble.
When you worry
you make it double.
Don't worry.
Be happy.
