Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 173 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
We're still working out of the Hotel Intercontinental here in Boston.
We're here at Whit Dog, Biz is still in town, Grinnelly's still in town.
Boys, you had yourselves a nice little wedding last night.
How we feeling? You stinging a little bit? I see a little hair on the dog on the table.
Yeah, there's had to be a little hair on the dog.
And listen, this was Ned Havern's wedding.
I mean, I've talked about my good friend Ned.
Biz played with Ned.
So Biz came to the wedding.
It turned out to be a great night.
It's one of those times when you see so many people you get along with,
but you don't see that often,
that you almost can't talk to everyone that you wish you could.
It's just the night isn't long enough.
Well, it's funny that you mentioned that,
as I was going to say the same thing about the viewing party in boston that we had is what an amazing turnout uh very cool energy in an
establishment like not often do you watch a you know a sporting game playoff event a playoff event
where it's one fan base and they're all going crazy over the same thing and then of course it
was a 4-1 win in col, a very big win for Boston.
Because I think if they lose that one, the series is over.
But they've marched back with a few wins in a row.
But going back to what we were talking about, I didn't get a chance to say hi to everyone.
I spoke to probably 150 people.
We love our fans.
It was a great turnout.
And how was your guys' experience?
Oh, it was fantastic, man. how was your guys experience oh it's fantastic
man i mean you know we've gone to chicago we've gone to philly this was like the first time i
guess i had kind of had my homecoming thing you know i mean i'm me and wits are the boston guys
so you know we saw our chicago fans our philly fans this is the first time i really got to
interact with boston fans since i guess we got this big of the podcast so it was awesome man it
was it was great you know uh everybody kind of gets me i think because i'm you know boston mentality the kind of they think they know people who are very
similar to me in their own life so i think they probably feel they know me and of course you know
they take care of us i mean uh edibles fucking vape when i walk on the door dude hooked us up
with a people just want to get you banged up exactly first period we had guys taking care of
us and also too uh i i love we have so many lady listeners out there.
There were a lot of ladies that showed up.
And, you know, we love all our fans.
But it's nice to see that mix, too, to know that, you know, the ladies are out there appreciating what we do, too.
So I had a blast, man.
We got a great victory.
And hopefully you weren't getting torched online for cheering for that Bruins goal.
I saw it on Instagram.
Hey, I was happy for the Bruins because the more successful they are, the more we get to keep talking about them and pissing a lot of people off.
But as I said, I talked to probably hopefully half the people in the building for the other half, the people that showed up, maybe expecting to talk to one of us and didn't.
That sucks.
That's one thing that I always want somebody leaving happy about.
I think everyone had a great night.
Sure.
And all I'm saying, if I didn't get a chance to interact with you,
don't hold it against us.
I was a little banged up on the marijuans
and a few too many cocktails.
That happens.
Speaking of now,
you guys, we're in your 30s now.
Most weddings, a lot of weddings you go to
in your early 20s,
was it a struggle?
Like fucking hanging late night?
Or was it the adrenaline keeping it going?
It was funny.
I'm like not late night anymore. I used to be late night was the adrenaline keeping it going it was funny the i'm like not
late night anymore i used to be late night every freaking weekend felt like now dude i'm asleep by
midnight at the latest a lot but last night uh crew of us from the wedding um and by the way
we should mention ned came on and joined us today so i brought him up a lot but it was his wedding
so we figured today would be a good time To interview him So that was a blast
But you know what
The friends that we have
That were at that wedding
There was a crew of us
Up until like 1.30 in the morning
In the
1.32 in the hotel lobby
And finally like
Alright I guess we finally
Have to shut it down
But you just don't want to
Some nights that
Remind you what it used to be like
Every weekend
So
I was
I went pretty far
And then Biz was
Biz got
Grinnelli got a text from Biz
At like 7 in the morning
So Biz never slept.
It was 9 a.m.
9 a.m.
So he still hadn't slept at 9 a.m.
Dude, you're a savage.
I was with Biz, what, Friday night?
I met you guys at Lincoln and Southie.
And you were grilling at Grinnelly.
Jody Shelley, the Blue Jackets former enforcer.
What's he do, the radio or TV?
Yeah, he does color between the benches.
I don't know what he's doing for playoffs,
if his role is diminished just because of the high networks.
Well, I think they do the first round, the local,
and then now it's national.
Okay, well, there you go.
But I met him after we were done playing.
Very scary individual on the ice, very tough.
But just, I think he's a newfie.
And he's just a funny bastard.
Teddy Purcell messaged me because he saw that we were together.
And, no, it was good to have a couple drinks with him
because obviously he's in town because Game 5 was on Saturday,
so we went out on Friday.
Since I've gotten here Thursday, I would say I've had easily over 100 drinks.
Like I've been in one.com.
I go through phases where I'll be in Scottsdale and I don't drink,
I don't do fuck all, and then I just like getting really dark.
Yeah.
Last night when we left the wedding, we were going to maybe go to the club.
I'm like, dude, we're just heading back to this hotel and biz just goes, all right, I'm going dark again tonight.
So that was the night.
I did want to mention from our watch party.
Oh, my God.
I don't remember this kid's name, but he plays golf at Winchester Country Club.
He's like, this kid was so nice. He was nice came up and talk he loves the podcast but it was hilarious because he was so fired up to be chatting with me and it was a lot of fun but
he would ask me a question but then start talking before i could even answer it so he's like hey man
i just golfed an island you ever play over an island i was like yeah and he's like yeah i just
played this one course la henche it It was unbelievable And then Trey Lee
Did you like Trey Lee?
I was like yeah
I thought oh I know
But I forgot about Port Rush
So the kid didn't
I didn't get to actually talk to him
He just talked to me
But he was a great kid
But he told me this story
I wrote it down on the phone
I go buddy
I'm telling that
He goes our podcast
My dad likes it
I love it
We went
Me and my dad went golfing on an island
My dad's the man
Get this
I went to
the bathroom we were in the bar all night i come back he's got some girl there for me he appled me
i went back and crushed her in a room and it came back my dad first he goes first apple first assist
for me i couldn't believe it i was like holy shit buddy what a relationship with your father that's
a little awkward but i love the story but it was absolute blast, and I do want to say thank you
to all the people who showed up.
It's overwhelming when people were saying thank you.
I'm like, thank you.
You're listening.
I would never put one on a tee for my kid.
I'd be trying to get it myself.
No, I'd be like, dude, I need it.
What about what do you want?
But the funny thing was,
we had these awesome, loyal fans
that really enjoyed it and came out,
but one of my buddies showed up from work, and's the only guy in a suit him and his other buddy
from work so they got two suits on they're just sticking way out way out of place but we're
fucking around so the game ends and i was like let's go over to this bar next door and just have
a have a drink kind of because we'd been chatting with everyone just kind of take a little breather
you know and the kid who my buddy brought this kid went to auburn and
that's how i think of him he's an all he went to auburn but he's like dude you really need to go
somewhere else like we couldn't stay there like you think you're gonna get recognized everywhere
and i turned around i'm like buddy our podcast is getting popular you'd be surprised he's like
yeah all right whatever but sure as shit as he's chirping me think i'm gonna recognize
these three kids are bombing out a tavern in the square.
They're like, Spittin' Jackal, that's Whitney.
What's up?
I'm like, I fucking told you, Auburn Steve, or whatever his name was.
But it was a pleasure and a treat, and it was a fun night.
So we're going to have to get into that series first, I think.
Absolutely.
Perfect segue.
Well, I was going to say, I might have to get some stock in the grand
for how much I've been there since being in town.
I love it.
I get the VIP treatment when Uncle Biz comes to town.
They treat me awesome.
That place is unbelievable.
The cocktail service.
There's like a million of them in there, too.
He's been at more Boston clubs this week than I have in my whole life.
Yeah.
Anyway.
You mentioned Newfies a minute ago.
By the way, we talked about the Newfies Simpsons thing last week.
A lot of Newfies reported to me on Twitter.
They weren't pissed at all because they're not pussies,
but other Canadians were pissed on their behalf.
Of course.
Just wanted to represent the Newfies.
Because you've got to get offended for someone else,
even if you don't know if they're offended.
Those are the best, right?
So since we last met, Bruins and Blue Jackets gave us two incredible games
back-to-back, and it was pretty much a must-win game for,
we just talked about, for Boston.
Tuukka Rask played, I would say, arguably his greatest playoff game as a Bruin.
I know there were others in contention, but, I mean, the one goal he gave up
shouldn't even have counted.
It hit the net.
I don't know how that happens.
I don't know how four officials missed that happening.
And then was it game five?
I'm sorry, yeah, game five Saturday night.
Unreal game.
It was one nothing after two.
It looked like another goalie fight, and then, boom, we got four goals in three minutes.
Looking like OT down the wire.
Then Pasternak comes through on the clutch.
Two back-to-back insane games.
I mean, I know it's the Bruins, but maybe the two best back-to-back games we've seen in the series thus far?
Yeah, I think so.
I think that last night's game, I'm sorry, last night's Saturday night's game, game five,
was one of the craziest ten minutes I've ever seen in a hockey game.
I mean, the Bruins give up the 2-1 goal that had to be reviewed.
Boom, come right back 3-1.
And then they're just controlling the tempo.
And all of a sudden, Columbus 3-3 in what felt like a minute.
I don't know what it was on the time.
And then for Pashnar to get the game winner who had been struggling.
But now, since we last talked and we're like, are they injured?
Night and day.
They had two games, four and five, where the, but now, since we last talked, and we're like, are they injured? They had two games,
four and five, where the
if not the best line in the league all
year, one of them just caught
fire, and it's like
almost bad in a way that the Bruins, I don't know
if they could win the Stanley Cup without them, but
Jesus, when they're on, can anyone stop them?
Because what they've done in these past two games
and that pass from Marchand to Pasternak to
win it with a minute 30 left,
I just caught it this morning,
and I was just blown away at the atmosphere in the garden.
I know you were there, but it seemed incredible.
Yeah.
Go ahead, Bisson.
Well, I was going to say, yeah, the big boys definitely showed up
ever since the punch incident where everyone thought Marchand
and the boys were frustrated and things were looking pretty grim.
Well, desperate times call for desperate measures.
We know the rest is history, no suspension.
And since then, him, Bergeron, and Pasternak,
the guys that they needed to elevate their game in the series, did it.
And on top of that, as you mentioned, R.A.,
Tuca's been fucking ridiculous so far in this playoffs.
And he's been a huge difference.
I think he's finally
taken the comments about him maybe locally a little to heart where he this he's trying to
paint his mona lisa and and that's very difficult to do considering bobrovsky in columbus had stole
game three so like all like we we know like there's there's a there's a bit of ego involved
there's a goaltending aspect to the NHL playoffs.
And then if the big boys are going to show up aspect.
And Tuca didn't want to be outplayed.
And that was evident in game four.
And I thought he was great in game five as well,
other than that little quick meltdown by the Bruins midway through that third period.
Yeah, they got a 3-1 lead and they stopped skating.
I mean, that's literally, they got comfortable.
They thought it was like the regular season. Boom, boom, boom. And I was in that question. Actually, I had the puck-1 lead and they stopped skating. I mean, that's literally, they got comfortable. They thought it was like
the regular season.
Boom, boom, boom.
And I was in that question
actually.
I had the puck line,
so I was getting a little giddy.
And you blinked
and it was 3-3
because you can't stop skating
against that Columbus team.
They're too talented.
They're coming too hard at you.
And back to Rask, man,
as far as that goal,
that's something that maybe
three or four years ago
maybe would have bugged him,
that goal that shouldn't have happened.
And credit to him
for having the kind of maturity or whatever to just say okay move on from it because that if
i'm a goalie i mean like he said he brought up a great point what if this was overtime i mean what
if that goal comes in overtime i mean how much egg would the fucking nhl have on their face you know
ironically enough too and and uh god rest the person the person who died but that was in columbus
britney cecil why they now have the netting everywhere. And so it ended up coming back full circle
where that netting's there for a reason,
but there's times you're like, that can't be happening.
Yeah, yeah.
Four guys shouldn't miss that.
Puck's out of play, man.
That can't be a live puck.
Absolutely.
And going back to the young girl who got hit in the crowd in Columbus
and why they put up that netting,
I think Derek Morris was actually the guy who shot the puck.
Yep. out in Columbus and why they put up that netting, I think Derek Morris was actually the guy who shot the puck. I'm shocked that there was never anything up there before.
Yeah, I know.
It's crazy to think going back to games
and that deflections would just be bombing into the stands full tilt.
Well, and then, I mean, even going farther back
where glass along the side wasn't all the way up too.
So fans would be in the fourth row.
We'd be spitting chiclets.
And I remember when they first brought them in, people were like,
oh, this is going to ruin my view.
And it's like it gets to the point you don't even notice it anymore.
It just becomes part of the arena.
And also there's been a big push for baseball to put more nets in baseball.
And you hear people, oh, don't be on your phone.
Fucking pay attention.
I'll tell you, real sports on HBO did a segment on foul balls.
That happens all the fucking time.
People getting maimed all the time.
People who are watching the game,
they're 20 feet away from a ball coming 150 miles.
You can be Superman and it's going to hit you.
So it's like, you know,
you've got to have safety paramount for the fans.
But at the same time, figure out a way
where if it hits the net,
the whistle's getting blown.
Right, exactly. Back to the lecture at the end.
And to this series, Columbus fans are probably like, what the hell just happened?
No, we were in full control.
After game three, everything looks great.
We got another home game.
Now we're sitting down.
We're down 3-2.
John Tortorella came out and said, we're going to win game six.
We'll be back here for game seven.
Ironically enough, the last time he did that, his team lost game six.
I believe that was when he was coaching the New York Rangers, Mikey.
You were telling me?
Yeah.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
So you do all the research or just half the research?
I was going to get you involved in the conversation.
Hey, they actually came back and won the series.
It was phantom.
You're going to get torched.
But as a columbus fan
last night even that game they had a chance to tie it and this is what all leads into i wanted
to bring up charlie mcavoy because that's a playoff hockey type moment that you kind of always
remember like sticking out your foot on a one-time cannon by panarin it takes balls dude that's a
natural reaction where guys you can you guys, you can try to block it
but not try to block it like that and go all in.
And he's had, I think he's got four assists in his last seven games.
He's playing over 25 minutes.
He's plus six.
He's making plays like that.
So you're seeing the evolution of a star defenseman.
And for Boston, it's come at perfect time.
But if you're a Columbus fan,
it's the same way Bruins fans were smart enough not to panic.
I wasn't one of them in talking about thinking they were screwed.
But Game 4, Bruins fans said, all right, we're just going to win this game.
So if you're a Columbus fan, just get this win on home ice, and you can force a Game 7.
Yeah, also another guy you talked about, McAvoy.
Seth Jones continues to be superhuman out there.
He might be a top three or four defenseman in the league right now.
I mean, he's averaged 30 minutes a game the last two games.
The Bergey line, 11 points.
Let's make sure Mikey pulls the right picture.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Get Atkinson in there again.
No coincidence, the Bruins get 11 points from the Bergey line
the last two games and grab this series lead.
One last quibble before we move on to the next series.
NBC, the Derby's over.
Everybody knows the horse got disqualified.
We have a new winner.
How do they not go to the Bruins game?
They missed the first five minutes of the game.
Now, I understand it was on NBCSN, but it's fucking NBC.
You're the main channel.
It's the big draw, Saturday night.
The race is over.
Oh, dude, I disagree.
I think that the Derby's probably way bigger for them.
Well, no, but the Derby segues into the game,
and the derby disqualification,
everybody knew what happened.
The horse got disqualified,
the new winner was named.
Oh, okay, it had already been decided.
And they still were going on and on and on
because they went to the Bruins game.
I thought my DVR fucked up.
There was five minutes into the game,
and everybody knew who won the race.
Yeah, it was just like mumbo jumbo
because of the controversy
and the fact that one of them got disqualified.
Big Cat had a tweet, and it was just like mumbo jumbo because of the controversy and the fact that one of them got disqualified. Big Cat had a tweet, and it was basically like, think of how many people are looking through the garbage for their ticket.
Because there was such a long delay.
Yeah, I don't think you can throw away that early.
Hold all tickets until it's official, man.
If you're a track vet, you know not to junk your tickets.
I mean, I could see somebody who doesn't bet a ton. The the you're the horse you bet on just doesn't win you just throw
it on the ground but i if you're really watching and you see a course you had with second you're
like hey let's let's wait till they make this thing official so i'm not a gambler and i wouldn't
have known that and uh i guess that describes that uh one last thing i want to mention and we hate
bringing up negative shit but you know we're a hockey podcast and we don't like to give anyone special treatment.
Chara's been struggling a little bit.
Chara, he's got another year left.
He just signed.
I don't know if it's just quick right now for him.
The game in playoff time is lightning fast,
and I can attest to that because I did play a few NHL playoff games,
and I just was not that. i was not up to the speed and it was it was it was like everything was happening and fast
forward and i thought somebody might have spiked my uh my water bottle with some ecstasy or
something but it's sure shit there's no way that happened three or four games in a row right um
unless somebody unless yans was really fucking with me he's like i'm gonna make biz fucking laugh
at this game but uh yeah he's got he's coming off that knee injury i don't know if if when he came
off that he rushed it back or or if it's just a combination of him being older like but i feel
like boston and their coaching staff has remained stubborn on the amount he's playing. It's not like they're not pulling that back.
So is that a level of concern to you guys going forward?
I think there's just a level of concern with him there that we didn't always have
just because, like you said, the age and the slowness now
because the league is so much younger and faster where he just looks bad.
And when he looks bad, he looks bad because he's so big.
An average guy gets burned, okay, it looks bad. But but with chara because he's like a battleship turning around uh it's
just i think it's going to be a concern going forward for the rest of his career it's just
one aspect of his game that not as good but i think he does so much else on the other end like
if you took him out of the lineup you're going to have a huge hole on your defense there's probably
no one i think everybody as well will feel a little bit uncomfortable
and uneasy about it.
It'll shock the system of the Boston Bruins.
Yeah, I will say, though, I've never seen him get hit
like Ryan Dezingle running him over.
That's when you're like something's different.
Jadano Chara doesn't get buckled by Ryan Dezingle ever,
so it has changed.
But with that, that's a great...
Well, I was going to say, too,
I would imagine a guy of his level of professionalism,
he's seen every single situation,
he's extremely mentally strong.
Who knows?
Maybe next game he's fucking good,
and he turns around and he figures out a way to battle out,
and then they end up winning another Stanley Cup.
I feel like if you're a Boston Bruins fan
and he fucking turns this thing around and they win another
Cup, I don't care if the guy's minus 100
next year. You just kind of
don't give him the fucking J. Bollmeister
treatment like he started
getting at the beginning of the year this year and look how
he's turned it around. Yeah, like I said,
going forward, like everybody
gets old, they're going to slow down. But either
way, big game six with the Bruins
a chance to wrap it up Monday night.
Next series we're going to take a look at, Dallas-St. Louis.
Friday night, Dallas, they went into St. Louis, stole game five, 2-1,
thanks to Ben Bishop's 38 saves.
He had 14 in the third period.
He was the difference in the game, though he did have a failed sonk.
I don't know if you caught that.
He went into a little sonk action.
He goofed it up and ended up in the back of his net,
but they still ended up winning the game.
But Sunday, the Blues ensured that we'll get
at least one game seven in the second round as
they took care of business today. Four to
one. St. Louis had the edge of play.
I'd say most of the game they had a 2-1 lead,
but it was still up for grabs in the third, and then
with about 12 and a half left, Colton
Pareko corked a missile, caught
Ben Bishop up by his collarbone. He dropped
down. They didn't blow the whistle because
play was still going on.
Jaden Schwartz scored.
His eighth of the playoffs makes it 3-1.
And after the game, Montgomery, the coach at Dallas City,
had no issue with him not blowing the whistle in that position.
St. Louis got the puck.
They got the puck.
It was just one of those things that shit happens.
I love when Montgomery says something like that
because it gives the game integrity.
He comes right out and says
listen if that was us that would have had a blown down on and when we were about to score a goal
i'd be fucking pissed i'm not gonna be a homer and a hypocrite boom that's hockey because there's
people online of course pitching and it of course they slow it down it was a bang bang play and his
helmet didn't come off the rule is if his helmet would have came off,
it would have gotten blown down,
but hey,
I'm okay with that being a goal.
Them's the breaks,
and then less than a minute later,
Sammy Blay scored his first great playoff goal.
Basically put it out of reach.
One other thing on Bishop,
x-rays were a negative,
which is a good sign.
He'll probably be back next game,
but we're getting to game seven, man.
Just a big old set of brass balls on the st louis booze
the brass bonanza right that was for the that was for the whalers but the blues
they're five and one on the road now in the playoffs and for a organization that has never
won a stanley cup everyone's aware of that they've had, I think I have it right here, I had it written down.
The St. Louis Blues have never won a playoff series after losing game five at home when the series was tied at two.
And each of the last five times that happened, St. Louis lost game six by a combined score of 19 to six.
Wow.
You know what happened today?
This is Sunday afternoon.
They showed up on the road like they have since January fucking 3rd
when they were the worst goddamn team in the league,
and they ran over Dallas in a must-win game.
And for us, selfishly, boys, in this podcast, this time of year,
they gave us a game seven.
You know we do our best work on game sevens.
So that's great for us.
And for the Boos fans, you've got to be like,
wow, this team has shown these nuts all year.
And they got booed
last game. I saw
YP
tweeting about how he was
disappointed, and I kind of see both sides.
People boo when a team's not playing well at home,
but we'll see what happens
in Game 7, because even though Dallas takes it
on the chin at home with a chance to close it out,
still a great team. I mean, they went
into St. Louis just the other day and worked them, so it's going to be a wild game seven and i said before uh at
nhl network i said this was my guarantee to go seven so i got something right this spring
finally nice to have you on board um yeah right right from puck drop i think they scored a goal
less than 90 seconds into that game a few dominant back-to-back shifts to open it up
and uh this this series has gotten chippy.
Maybe it doesn't get the type of coverage that the Boston series got
because it's East Coast bias and NHL works in that kind of way.
But, I mean, Bennington gave that slash,
and a lot of people were probably all over him online,
where he had a great response, only ends up letting in one goal.
And there's a guy who's just very confident in his ability.
So we know that, hey, time and time again,
this guy's proved that he ain't fucking nervous.
Another thing, too, I don't know how many people caught this one.
Bishop on that Blay goal.
Is that how you say his last name?
Blaze, I think.
Blaze, I think.
Sammy Blaze.
So he let a rocket go.
And O'Reilly was the one who broke up the play and made the pass and then eventually was going to the net to pick up
the garbage if he wouldn't have put it right by bishop and bishop kind of gave o'reilly a nice
little whack as he was going heading towards the board you could have tripped and gone flying yeah
he could have went right on the board i mean i don't know if there's any bad blood there maybe
that was a little retaliation for youation for getting the shot in the collarbone
and he was just a little grumpy about it.
But, yeah, there's some fucking bad blood going on here.
And if you want to look towards Game 7 and trying to pick a winner,
as many times as I bring up the power play penalty kill in the playoffs,
Dallas Stars going into Game 6 were 29-31 on the PK this spring.
So, I mean, that's 93.7.
You're going to win a lot of games that are must-win games
when you can get a big effort on the PK.
And I'll tell you, I don't know, you know, who knows what happened game six.
But game seven going in, you've got to be confident that if you do get a penalty,
it's not panic mode.
We can kill it off.
We've been doing it in the first two rounds.
And St. Louis went 0-4
in Game 6 on the power play.
And that's
always a level of concern for
me. Special teams in playoffs.
First penalty in Game 7. What's going to happen now?
What's going to happen? So we'll see.
It should be a fun one Tuesday night.
Yeah, they got that smothering Team D working again at Schwartz.
I keep talking about it. not only is he scoring goals,
he's scoring timely goals too, like goals at the right time that are winning games
or padding leads by a goal.
Is that what timely is?
Yeah.
Nice.
And, of course, Ryan O'Reilly, dude.
I mean, he might only have two goals, but he's such a phenomenal two-way player.
Controls the middle of the ice.
He's a killer at the dot.
He's just a fucking dominant player.
And as I get older and see guys my age continually to play in the NHL,
let's shout out Jason Spezza, who's leading the Stars.
I think tied for lead.
He's got three goals this series.
He's playing eight minutes a game.
So that's a veteran who's making the most out of getting a chance.
Not a huge impact, but he usually plays way more than that.
Well, yeah, and he was a healthy scratch the first two games
of these Stanley Cup playoffs.
And maybe that was a little bit of a wake-up call for him hit the reset button but uh i always like when when
you get a story like that of an old wily veteran who who had his heydays i mean when he was in
ottawa he was the fucking man he was probably what top 10 in the league i mean maybe at least
top 20 i mean he was his hands were so filthy. And he was just a big specimen out there.
And it's nice to see him having one last kick at the can.
Yeah, so we got game seven with those two, Tuesday night at 8 o'clock.
Make sure you check that one out.
Next series we're going to look at, Colorado-San Jose.
Game four was on Thursday.
Phil Grubauer turned aside all 32 shots to get his first playoff shot out.
The Avs evened the series with a three, not the win.
But Saturday in San Jose, the Sharks reestablished their series lead
with a 2-1 win.
That gives them a chance to wrap things up Monday.
The Sharks dominated play.
It looked like Rubal might steal a big one for the Avs,
though they had a 1-0 lead with less than a minute left in the second.
But Thomas Hurdle, he's another one of these guys.
Not only scoring goals, he's scoring big goals.
He put those notions to bed with his seventh goal of the playoffs to tie it.
His eighth goal of the playoffs won it.
Him and Logan Couture, man, they've been absolutely tearing it up.
They got 17 goals combined.
The next closest pair of teammates in combined goals is 12 goals with Schwartz and Tarasenko.
So them two have seven more goals combined than the next pair.
What's your take on this one, brother?
I'll tell you what I'm thankful for is leaving that wedding last night.
And it was like, you know, whatever it was, midnight.
And I looked up and it was intermission, second period, second intermission for this game.
So it was a tie game.
I'm like, San Jose's winning this game.
I was buckled.
Like, this is just, you know, when you make the drunk bets, it almost never works.
But I bet him.
And all of a sudden, Hurdle gets the game winner for me.
So we got a bunch of cash back in the old account late at night
and saw that that was a great game.
I mean, it's the same way Columbus could have easily won game five in Boston.
It was the same case for Colorado.
So it would be one where I wouldn't be surprised at least.
In the four series, we had one sweep, obviously.
The other three could all go seven. I won't be surprised at least. In the fourth series, we had one sweep, obviously. The other three could all go seven.
I won't be surprised if they all do.
One's already down, so we'll see if Colorado can force one.
But it's the McKinnon-Rantanen show.
And when they're on, I mean, these two guys, I think they're tied for the playoff lead in points with 13 each.
Or going into the last game, they were.
And so when you look at these guys and they're going to be going home,
who's going to bet against them that night?
I certainly won't be doing it.
I don't know if you're going to get any puck line action that night, R.A.,
but you think Colorado ends up forcing the game seven?
I mean, you know, it's tough because I'm biased because I have futures on them,
so it's tough for me to separate.
Well, I want them to keep moving on versus, well, I think they will.
But, I mean, they've won in San Jose already in the series.
Grubow has been outstanding the last two games.
He had a shutout two games ago.
He played outstanding last night.
They just couldn't get any goals for him.
They shot McKinnon down.
Incredible job.
And Martin Jones continues this run.
Bingo.
I mean, he's a guy like, you know, I don't want to say picked on him,
but I point out a lot of his bad stats going into this series.
And he shot me up.
He struggled a little early in the playoffs,
but he's in fucking the zone right now.
But, yeah, I think when a team has to dig down and reach big,
they're going to come up and force a game seven.
I know that's wishful thinking.
Biz?
I picked San Jose to win this series, and I don't know.
I just can't see Colorado winning it.
Whether it's game seven or game six, you think San Jose's getting it.
But I also said I didn't think they were going to make playoffs
and they had that incredible run late.
I just feel like San Jose's kind of being like,
hey, let's get over this little hump.
We can do this.
We know we have the personnel in this locker room to do so.
Jones has elevated his game.
And then boom, all of a sudden now you're on to the conference finals,
and then you get another boost to the lineup
because apparently Pavelski's pretty close to coming back.
We've heard the story now that I think he had eight staples put in his head.
Oh.
And there's a story that was out today.
I don't, I'm going to, what is it, paraphrase it?
Yes.
Great job.
Thanks, buddy.
Love you.
Love you.
But by the time that the doctor had
gotten down there they they started stapling his head and when they put the first staple in
that's when the first goal horn had gone off no yeah because they finally figured out what
penalty was which and and and then and then of course by the time he had four staples in his
head they had four that's crazy yeah or something in that nature
where it was just like that's how gruesome like hockey is but it's such a cool story that you know
you know i think it makes sense he is coming back soon because you saw him waving the towel on the
big screen the jumbo screen and the shark tank was just chomping at the bit for some some pavs
action on the emotions.
Yeah, good to see him out there looking healthy.
And, yeah, to get him back, whether it's this series or next,
if they move on, we'll just be like,
wow, is anyone going to be able to stop San Jose?
Well, that's the thing.
And right now they look like they're in that rhythm again.
And then what was the one missing piece towards the end of the year
why the wheels started falling off?
It was goaltending.
They got it.
When they caught the rhythm with Carlson being
injected, it took them about, what, 15
games? Maybe
20 to get going? And when they
did, man, they were unstoppable. They were the best
team in the league for the strength of probably
six weeks this season. So
look out, man. I like
the Sharks a lot. And he's another
guy who's gotten better as the playoffs have gone on.
Carlson has.
He just keeps getting better every game.
And Couture, his 13 points have him tied for the lead with McKinnon,
Rantanen, and Marchand.
And Hurdle's 12 points have him tied for second.
When Couture gets at least a point, the Sharks are 7-2.
They're 0-3 when he doesn't get a point.
So that's such a huge part of that line.
That's when you've got pressure before the game.
Have we talked about this Hurdle guy and just how happy he is?
He loves scoring.
It kind of like was Pasternak when we were on the bus with him
in the West Coast Wagon Tour.
These Czechs just are so happy.
I was going to use that exact example.
I sent Mikey a video after the one game when Pasternak got interviewed,
and he's just like, I love hockey.
I'm flabbergasted.
It's like Arnold Schwarzenegger on acid.
It's not the tumor.
I just love playing for the Bulls.
I don't care how much money I make,
and I'm loving life.
And that's kind of how Hurdle is, too.
They just love it.
And the one remaining series that is over,
they fucking got swept.
It happened. The video,
a lot of people have been asking me
where's my sweep video? It'll
come. It's Sunday right now. It's been a
long weekend. When I say it's been a long
weekend, I'm looking right at you, everyone at home.
My video of sweeping up
the Islanders' trash buckets in
Borelli's stupid bearded face
after they swept the first round.
And then were they the only team ever to get swept after sweeping the first round?
Third or fourth time.
Third or fourth time.
These rabid scumbag people.
Fourth time.
Okay, so my trash video is coming.
It's just been one of those bender weekends.
Biz comes to Boston.
I get nothing accomplished.
I got to cut my lawn, which I won't do.
I'll hire someone to do it.
I got to make my sweeping up the trash video um what happened to the aisles guys but but on a serious note though
like obviously wit likes to write because because barelli came in hot he messed up by screaming at
you and i when when they won and and he was with Marty, the gambling guy, and he was screaming like,
Bissonnette and Whitney, you fucking idiot, something.
That's when I was like, all right, you just made an enemy forever.
Well, no, just like one where, listen,
I give my opinion based off what I've seen over time.
Of course I picked Pittsburgh to beat the Islanders
because those players for Pittsburgh,
the high-end ones, rap sheets speaks for themselves.
So that's what I base my opinion on.
Yes, am I biased toward the Penguins?
Of course.
They fucking let me play professional hockey.
They signed me to my first deal.
I'm loyal as a dog.
But I still thought they were going to get the job done over them.
Well, he kind of took that as a shot towards his team.
He's like, you're basically telling me that you want me to get attacked on the subway.
I'm like, no, I'm just picking against your team, buddy.
Don't take it so fucking personal.
Yeah, it's like I shit in his parents' fridge at the Borelli's Pizza joint or whatever the fuck he's got going over there.
But they did a lot of amazing things. And I don't want this little rift between us and Borelli.
That's half joking. No, he had a good tweet. tweet he said who would have thought they would have got to the
second round at the beginning of the year so if you're a fan of the islanders it was a good run
a hell of a run yeah absolutely saw a lot of positive stories uh a lender of course um uh
barzell had a nice coming out party and got a little his his feet a little wet in the playoff
experience because if i mean if you. Because if you're going to
be a franchise, you've got to have
your high-end guys like Barzell,
a young guy, getting some type of
playoff experience early. Because if you don't,
they're just going to get used to losing.
That's just kind of how
it's always gone, right? Would you agree with that?
Yeah. I mean, eventually you've got to get
there. Now... You've got to at least see what it's like.
The last thing I want to say, and I know that people think we're soft
because we're taking Tavares' side on this.
Now, one of the issues that a lot of people, Islanders fans, have had was saying,
oh, if we would have been at the other stadium,
I think the series would have turned out a lot differently.
And you know what?
Maybe you're right.
Would have lasted six.
No, no.
But like joking aside, i'm being serious maybe yes you guys would have maintained that momentum that you
had in the first round because you guys played against carolina who credit to what what they did
and how they played but they weren't like goliath you know very winnable series you know the game
will be the underdog in the next round correct put. Put it that way. Yeah, where it's like, okay, but now do you see maybe why John Tavares left?
Where there's so many fucking things
and constant issues that he's going to have to worry about
where maybe he wanted to go somewhere
where he would just have to solely focus on doing his job
and not worrying about the other pieces being put around him
to eventually maybe win.
Now, you guys, Islanders fans will say,
we went farther than him this year. Well, you guys, Islanders fans will say,
we went farther than him this year.
Well, I would argue moving forward that over the next four or five years
that Toronto has a better stretch of hockey
than the Islanders do.
And I would put my fucking house on that.
Would you guys not?
I would say they're going to have more playoff success
in the next four or five years
and that I don't think that the Islanders will be able to sustain this level of success moving forward for the next four or five years.
Or more so than where Johnny Tavares left.
And, of course, that being one of the options that he probably weighed, the arena situation might have been another one, too.
So now you guys are joining in on the complaining of issues that that guy you're chirping for leaving might have had
issues with.
Was that gift? No, no. Do you get what I'm
saying? That's why I'm
digging into Borelli a little bit where
this whole fuse started on the base of the
fact that we think it's idiotic
of Islanders fans where John Tavares
gave that much time and energy to
letting them try to eventually get their shit
together where they didn't get it together to where he felt like it was worth what he'd given to that organization
and and then even uh greg wachinski is is still he's still harlan taveras for leaving in the way
he did it he he's a i respect him i expect a lot of a lot of his opinions i don't on this one because
he's one of the guys who sent out a tweet like referencing the arena situation where i'm like yo you're acting like he dragged him out all the way
to the end this is something that was clearly a a big decision in his life that he had to sit on
and at that time point in time during the season when when they asked me if he wanted to be trade
maybe he didn't he earned that right for the past fucking nine years that he put in.
What do you mean?
Why does he owe it to them to be like, oh, I want to make a spontaneous decision about going somewhere else rather than maybe trying to make a push here and make playoffs and finish your career as an Islander?
Yeah, well, I think that what you're saying makes total sense in that next year, it's proven Barry Trotz is one of the best coaches in the league.
The Islanders will need another Vezina-type season from their goalie next year.
That's never a guarantee.
And it isn't for certain.
Like, you know, Eberle's a free agent.
Will he be back?
It isn't for certain at all that the Islanders are going into like,
all right, we had this incredible year where we led the division for so much of the season.
We got into the playoffs and we won a round.
It's not like next year is going to be bigger.
Like when Pittsburgh got in the playoffs, won a round, lost.
Like, all right, well, Crosby and Malkin are just going to be a year older and a year better.
They don't really have that set in stone.
And there's Liza free agent, I think.
There's a lot of questions there.
So fans can be happy with the season.
But next year is going to be another question mark going into the season for the islanders and having said all this we really should give credit also to carolina because we have to get to them and our beef with the islanders
kind of takes up a lot of time there but this team just what else can we say it's kind of we've been
pumping their tires saying the same thing over and over after the first round upset this round they
just show up and play perfect hockey.
And let me tell you something.
Brock Nelson, never met him.
That was one of the most.
Dougie Hamilton, of all people who have been all over him this playoffs,
just totally embarrassed him with the pat on the head through the handshake line.
I mean, that was like karma.
It was the same thing with Lindell and his diving.
You pat a goalie on the top of the head,
you're getting patted on the top of the head by a player
after you get swept like 10 minutes later, it felt like.
Now, I texted Biz when he did that.
Now, I thought it was hilarious.
It was like, ha-ha, he has a pat back.
Listen, Brock Nelson, if it would have worked,
they would have turned the series around by taunting them and whatever.
Hey, good for you.
You did what you had to do, kind of like Marshawn with the punch, right?
But you've got to reap what you sow,
and I'm totally down for pettiness on the way back
if you want to be the one to initiate.
It was just so funny coming from him through the line.
Of all people, Dougie, but is he further kind of dragging this on?
Like, now he's kind of tapping someone.
In other words, like, isn't it still disrespectful to tap someone in the head?
No, bro, that's payback, dude.
Eye for an eye on the tapping of the head.
That's why I want to ask NHLers.
Oh, listen. They're an eye on the tapping of the head. That's why I want to ask NHLers. Oh, listen.
They're not even playing them again anymore.
I'll say this.
I'll say this.
I have the ultimate level of respect for people who can take the high road.
I can't.
I'm a fuck.
Listen, I don't usually initiate.
People come at me on Twitter about stuff, but then I'm fucking going swinging.
I'm saying it. I don't usually initiate. People come at me on Twitter about stuff, but then I'm fucking going swinging. I'm saying it.
I don't give a shit.
But if you're coming and swinging, I'm coming back.
I just think it was hilarious to see that happen.
And you could tell Brock Nelson turns around like,
what's he going to do?
You're in the handshake lab.
Oh, he did.
Yeah, you look like you said something out of a corner of his mouth.
It needed the Curb Your Enthusiasm.
Yeah, exactly. Because the way he turned around something out of the corner of his mouth. It needed the Curb Your Enthusiasm.
That's what it needed.
Because the way he turned around was kind of like, oh, fuck.
And I wonder if Carolina fans will take offense to me saying that.
I think Columbus Bruins' winner is the favorite when they play next.
And they're coming off a sweep, and it's going to be one of those things like,
well, I guess Columbus, they've evened it out now.
But coming off a sweep is hard at the beginning.
They're going to have a lot.
I mean, if the Bruins and them go seven,
they're going to end up having like seven days off, it could look like.
So we'll see what could affect them.
But what's up, Mikey?
I was going to say, well, wait,
you said when Dougie Hamilton missed that hit on Ovechkin,
when he kind of bailed on it, you were like, I know for a fact that guys are probably in that locker room disgusted with him.
Do you think patting that move on the head wins his teammates back over?
Well, I think they probably thought it was hilarious.
I think that if you look at that, you're just like,
somebody was going to do it, and Dougie, yeah, good job.
Well, let's go back to what was the other scenario.
It was the Ovechkin hit, and then, of course,
after Nelson patted the goalie on the head,
he went around the net and then shouldered Dougie Hamilton
I think there was another play
in the maybe it was a Carolina
series where he got walked
or yeah Carolina Washington
series where he got walked so it just seems
like he's been memed a lot in these
Stanley Cup playoffs. Well also actually playing some good
hockey. Yeah he is
solid. He's a great player.
These are one offs you're saying. Yeah. Well that's. He's a great player. He's a good player. These are one-offs, you're saying.
Well, that's exactly what I'm getting to.
It's like, yeah, he's been put on a poster three times,
but he's fucking played unbelievable for the Carolina Hurricanes.
And people like to evaluate those colossal moments
as to how their playoffs have gone,
but that's not the case for Dougie.
He just ended up being on the end of the bad ones,
but this guy is getting it done.
How many points does he have?
He's got three goals, four assists.
Like you just said, we've got to give the Canes some mad props here.
They just outworked the Isles.
Like I said before the Caps series, they're a team that doesn't stop.
They have the work ethic of their coach when he played, Rod Brindamore.
They seem to have a lot more energy than the Isles,
especially in that last game.
The Isles looked dead.
Canes still had a lot of energy, especially considering
all the injuries they had, too. They only
allowed two even-strength goals all series,
and then when Mrazic went down, McElhinney
steps in, doesn't miss a beat. He gets his
first career playoff win in the final
three wins of the series with a 1-5-6
goals against, 9-4-7 save percentage.
The first playoff sweep in
franchise history, and the last four playoff
appearances they've had, they've been to at least the conference finals.
Also won six straight.
And another dude, I don't think we've talked about enough.
I knew he was not at the top of the score, and he's got nine points,
is Jordan Stahl.
Similar to O'Reilly, man.
He just dominates the middle.
He does so much of the stuff that they don't really have stats for,
but when you watch the game, you see what he does
and how much of an impact he has.
So props to Jordan Stahl for what he's doing out there.
I mean, how much playoff hockey has he had since he was with Pittsburgh, right?
How many playoff series has he been through since being in Carolina?
Maybe not even one before this, right?
I'm trying to think when they lost the parents.
They hadn't been the players in 10 years, Carolina.
You know when they were in it?
They were in it when Pittsburgh swept them to go win their first cup.
Right.
But,
but I believe Jordan stall was on that Pittsburgh team.
Yup.
Yup.
So they hadn't made it since.
So Jordan stall has,
has not had the most success in regular season based on what they paid him.
And his expectations were in Carolina,
but we know that his last playoff experience,
he was able to rise to the occasion.
So now he's comfortable with that scenario
and why he's been able to elevate his game, at least what I think so.
And it goes back to my comments on Matt Barzell.
You want these young guys in your lineup who,
if they're going to be your culture and your core guys,
they've got to learn how to win early.
They've got to be able to figure it out.
And moving forward, I would put Toronto on the hot seat learn how to win early. They've got to be able to figure it out.
Moving forward,
I would put Toronto on the hot seat because if they don't win a fucking round next year,
uh-oh.
And the Islanders win a round,
we could get bum-rushed by Islanders fans
like the dead in Game of Thrones last night.
I would say that the pressure
based on how the lineup's assembled
is coming from within with the Islanders.
They're not getting all the media coverage
and all the expectations and all this and that.
Yes, exactly, and Canada.
Yeah, and that kind of contradicts my JT thing,
but I think he wanted to go there
and wanted that fucking pressure.
And as Curtis McElhinney came in, great job.
Comes in, and as we mentioned, it wasn't really like a backup
needing to come in and perform a miracle.
He'd done it all year.
So Carolina's in a good spot.
I still think when the betting odds come out,
whoever wins the other series in the Eastern Conference,
I bet you the series price is Columbus or Boston minus 150, minus 140.
Bruins will be
Carolina played the Bruins good this year.
Bruins will be, yeah, about 140, maybe 145.
I think Columbus will be a pick-em Columbus guy.
Really?
And I know based on the betting odds and who we would pick to win the series,
obviously Columbus or Boston going up against Carolina.
And a lot of
carolina fans message us saying we're ripping on their team we just don't believe in them
listen no because i i've read some comments from guys you don't want us to believe in you yeah yeah
because we're mushes and i mean jordan martin speak for yourself yeah jordan martin looks comments
about he goes i could just tell after about a month into the season that this was a special group of people that would go through a wall for each other.
And you can never really look past that type of bond.
So who knows?
I mean, maybe we will be wrong and those odds will be just basically sent off expectations.
But Carolina Hurricanes can definitely get it done.
And with that, I think that's a pretty good wrap of what's going on currently.
And we'll go to...
Actually, I just had one other note on that series.
They're going to have to do whatever without Trevor Van Riemsdyk.
He's going to miss four to six months.
Remember he had a shoulder?
Yeah, he got buried by Clutterbuck in the beginning of game two.
That sucks.
Feel better, TVR.
So we're now going to go to the interview with a good buddy of mine
and the wedding stallion groom from last night, Ned Haverns. going to go to the interview with a good buddy of mine and the wedding stallion
groom from last night, Ned Haverns. We'll go
to that now. This interview is brought to
you by 1-800-Flowers.
For a few weeks now, I've been reminding you that
Mother's Day is fast approaching.
Now it's just days away. So 1-800-Flowers
is here to help you pick out a gorgeous
bouquet that'll show us she's loved.
Right now, when you order a dozen multicolored
roses for only 29.99, 1-800-Flowers will give you another dozen plus a vase absolutely free that's 40 off the
original price I've been hooking up my old lady for Mother's Day for years my wife little thing
on the side you might have that too 1-800-Flowers hooks it up it's a gorgeous bouquet of two dozen
roses in a rainbow of colors it's a a perfect surprise. She's guaranteed to love, all right? Roses are the perfect way to surprise all the
moms in your life, your wife, your grandma, your guma, whatever. These breathtaking roses from
1-800-Flowers are picked at their peak, and they're shipped overnight to ensure freshness.
A dozen multicolored roses for only 29.99, plus another dozen and a vase for free is an amazing offer, but you have to hurry because
it expires Friday. Trust 1-800-Flowers to make mom feel loved. Order today from 1-800-Flowers.com
to order a dozen multicolored roses plus an extra bouquet and a vase for just 29.99.
Go to 1-800-Flowers.com, click the radio icon, and enter code CHICKLETS. That's 1-800-Flowers.com, click the radio icon, and enter code CHICKLETS.
That's 1-800-Flowers.com, code CHICKLETS.
Hurry, this fantastic offer ends Friday.
We are now joined by such a special guest.
One of my closest friends in the world.
Last night we celebrated his wedding.
Biz is in town, so people know who I'm talking about.
These two played together.
Nolan, Edward, Havern, but we know him and love him as Ned.
Thanks for finally joining the Spitting Chicklets podcast.
Much appreciated on the tap, boys.
I appreciate you coming in.
Stick tap to bring this guy in.
What, Biz?
Speaking of the tap, I got the late addition to the wedding.
I got a nice invite, and I ended up putting it on the singles email list. This is what we need to the wedding. I got a nice invite and I ended up putting on the singles email list. This is
what we need to talk about. Which I was able to check
up on the game notes and know every single, single
girl that was going to be stepping through that door.
Always nice having a scouting report
and I appreciate all the stats,
Nettie. Similar to business career, he was
a day of call up.
We were going to healthy scratch him
after warm ups, but we kept him.
I think I tore my ACL
The one that I got repaired because I tried to put Nettie on my shoulders
Halfway through the wedding
And I buckled
Yeah, you're like, oh Nettie, I had you for 185 maybe
Yeah, geez, you blew up a little bit since the plan care
A little winter weight
Hey, but give the back story
Of the singles email
Because as many people who heard the story
About it last night everyone
Said that's genius that's going to be the new norm
Going into weddings yeah I mean
We're my my bride
As of today my wife Ashley
We were kind of just chatting and we've
You know we're older we got married kind of later
On the shuffle and we're looking through
The list and we're like geez there's like
Seven single guys there's like
Seven or eight single girls I'm like this depth chart needs to be shared like i'm picking my i'm putting myself in their
scenario like that's an email i want and uh so we kind of went through it and fortunately i'll give
them credit the girls on her side are pretty cool and i'm like yeah they're gonna feel bad if they
get this email but i'll tell you what when that email went out you thought the boys were hunting
the girls they were digging through it goog Googling everyone, doing their homework, blood, urine, seeing what's up.
And everybody was just game-facing each other at the wedding.
It was great.
Yeah, it was a standoff.
Okay, and now for everyone listening at home, I think people remember I told the story of the kid I played high school hockey with that was burnt in overtime.
The game that I got kicked out.
Everyone remembers Colin Greenhalgh, just an amazing guy guy so i don't get to see him very often high school was a long
time ago needless to say he was always one of the funniest people well after this email goes out
you know all the girls are on there all the guys are on there he he decides to give a little reply
all this is from green hey at netty Pure class move Couldn't be happier
To be in the male stable
With this collection
Of absolute broncos
Atponybabes
A few things
You should know about me
That may save you some time
On the pre-wedding
Due diligence
I am definitely
Number two
Out of the two Collins
On the list of man rockets
You can call me
Shorter Colin
And Colin Witt
This is my brother
We're talking about
Should be known
As Better Colin I have to be Loser drunk to dance So will undoubtedly Be vying for Heaviest buzz on this You can call me shorter Colin and Colin Witt. This is my brother we're talking about. Should be known as better Colin.
I have to be loser drunk to dance.
So we'll undoubtedly be vying for heaviest buzz on this email chain.
At very least top three drunkest and without a doubt,
we'll have marinara sauce caked on my shirt.
The headshot Nettie provided is probably five to six years old.
So expect a few more miles slash pounds on the rig.
What you might think is a tan is really just high blood pressure and or alcohol related.
See bullet point number two.
Well, I don't own my apartment.
I did pay someone to mount my two flat screen TVs on the wall.
Love you all.
I can't wait to get it going at wedding night.
Oh, if I would have heard, if I would have read that, I would have fucked him.
Oh my God.
So like just the fact that Ned's keeping me informed.
He's like, wait, you got to see the singles email going on.
I see this fact.
But it was just, I know we're going into greens a little bit.
But Ned, it's such a pleasure to have you finally on.
For people who don't know, we grew up playing against each other from eight years old, nine years old on.
Never knew each other.
Actually hated each other.
Hated each other. Really? Hated.
Hated. He goes to BC.
Well, he was playing public school. Public school legend
by the way. A lot of his friends
wouldn't say this to his face, but the
all-time leading scorer in the Greater Boston
League. What is it? Greater Boston
League? GBL. GBL.
So the issue being that he played against
Revere and Everett half the time would get nine points
a night. A couple teams couple teams that have sticks.
Side story, when somebody was given one of the speeches last night
and pumped your tires about that record that you're talking about,
someone leaned in and he goes, yeah, the guy played Revere every other game.
And I didn't know what it meant, so I would assume that Revere was some shit team.
Yeah, they showed up with McDonald's and no sticks, but whatever.
It's fine. It's good.
Hey, stats are stats, man don't numbers don't lie exactly and this guy but no then he goes to bc and i'm at bu so finally at the end of college we just we started working out
together skating together and just became uh became great friends but then the ironic part
was you two playing together and that was like the time i'm like this is i just want to be back in the coast i'm in the nhl but i want to be in the coast with biz and ned i mean
i mean we could have got your room in wheeling i don't think you would have loved it it uh wheeling
was a special place and i know you know it's uh not a very big city it's a little worn down but
we had such a good group of guys there that it made it fun and uh i mean we've already
told the five on three fighting story but we need ned's point of view sure we can get ned's point
of view but there was a funny story you told me um when we were playing together in wheeling about
one of your teammates almost dying in college oh i gotta hear this yeah i mean it wasn't one again
ned you go yeah i mean i'll pre preface it with this was before me,
so it's been handed down, but this story, dead Luke,
it's one of the good ones, I'd say.
So this was old, and this was before my era at BC,
but long and short of it is there was a backup goalie
that his name was Luke.
It was his 21st birthday, typical to a 21st birthday,
you know, shots, shots, shots.
Everyone kind of grays out.
And the next day, they're kind of like catching up in the locker room.
And everyone's sitting in their stall.
And Yorkie, when he gets mad, he yells,
Cripes!
And anyone that knows it, that's his, we're in trouble.
If Yorkie yells, Cripes, you're in one.
No swears ever?
No, no.
So they're sitting in the locker room. And long and short of it is that they look around.
Everyone's in their stalls, and Yorkie comes in, and he goes, Cripes, we lost an eagle last night.
And they're all looking around like, what happened?
Everyone's here.
What's going on?
Jerry goes, I got a call from St. Elizabeth's.
An eagle died.
An eagle was dead.
They're like, what?
What is he talking about?
So Luke looks around, around he's like i
don't know dude it was bad night this kid murph looks up and he's like yeah like i was with him
like you know i've watched er enough to know that like the machine was going up and down like the
graph and then it went flat and he's like christ he's flatlined he was dead he was dead and then
everyone's just kind of looking at luke like you gotta be shitting me you're sitting here right now
so sure enough like yorkie does his thing and walks out of the locker room.
And they're all just kind of in shock that, one, he made the 10 a.m. skate.
But he pulls, he looks at the boys and he goes, yeah, like, I don't really have much.
But I woke up this morning, he pulls his shirt up and he had the two burns from the resuscitator that brought him back.
So he was legally dead and made 10 a.m. practice.
So naturally, naturally, his name is Dead Luke.
Oh, that's too fucking good.
That's so old school.
And the fact that he made the fucking skate.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know how many saves he kicked out that day, but he was dead and he was back.
The fact he made the skate was like, I mean, when I first heard the story, I was like you're fucking around and everyone's like no dude this kid was flatline imagine imagine when you're like
i can't make practice i got a bad knee like our goalie was dead this week what do you mean i hate
to be selfish about the situation but the burn marks just kind of put the cherry on top of the
story you know that's just like the thanks dad luke yeah yeah that's just the complete proof
all right so then all right when you guys played together,
did you both get called up to Wilkes-Barre at the same time?
Or were you always down in the coast together?
I will say that Biz and I were kind of like go up and down together.
Obviously, if they needed toughness, they called Biz.
They didn't call me.
But I remember, actually, when Biz, one of the last times you went up,
you were in Wheeling with me, and you looked at me me and you go, I'm never coming back to this place.
And he went up and like literally in 15 games, I think he had like 19 fights.
Fought everyone but the Zamboni.
Yeah.
And I remember I came up like two months later.
I'm like, Biz, who are you fighting?
He's like, anyone that's in the rink, dude.
Yeah.
It was crazy.
You had a ton of fights when you first.
And then you never came back.
I always enjoyed doing it, even in the coast.
I mean, obviously, we can go to the five-on-three story after this,
but yeah, it was just a decision I had to make in order to stick up there.
But we had Glenn Patrick as a coach, so I mean, right from the top,
it was a pretty entertaining experience.
I believe you were there my first rookie year.
Yeah, I think so. Where when
I think we got smoked like the first game
of the year and I think it
might have been the first time that Glenn Patrick had
ever made his team watch video.
Yeah, it was old school.
But he wheeled in that
VHS TV thing like you
would see at your school when it was movie
day on like a Friday
and he popped the VHS in and we literally just watched the game.
So like the face, when the whistle blew, you were waiting until the puck was dropped.
It wasn't cut.
It was going to be, he ended up stopping the video just before the end of the second.
And like, obviously at that point, like everyone was-
Guys are asleep.
Guys are sleeping in the room.
And he used to, I mean, he used to drain like 16 natty lights on the bus.
Yeah.
Never pee.
No.
Guy was unbelievable.
Never went to the bathroom.
He was a camel.
That's how he would determine the distance.
It would be the amount of beers he was drinking.
What was it?
What was one other thing that he did that was, oh, this was between him and Sean Collins.
This was a professional decision based on the team.
We had a little weight room right beside our actual dressing room.
And after the first year there, because I was back in back-to-back years,
the weight room had been taken out for a hot tub.
They completely got rid of all the weights and bikes.
So that was our pre-game routine would have either been hop in the hot tub
or go do a dynamic warm-up outside.
No bikes, no weights, no bands.
Okay, hilarious that that just was brought up because he also, I wanted to bring up, had a hot tub in college, I believe.
Yes, we did.
In their dorm room at BC.
Yeah, that got us in a lot of trouble, actually.
We had a hot tub in the eighth floor of a dorm which was frowned upon
we told them there was an overgrown fish tank and we had it in the storage closet with tiki lights
and everything they found it once we broke it down and then i think we we actually swept you guys
and sure enough at the party the tub's coming back so we were at practice like five days later
and like the ra and all these like dorm people come over and they're like hey jerry um the hot tub's back so he he pulls us in the locker room and ryan shannon his
credit like like you gotta handle this man you gotta you gotta take this one for the team and
he did but he uh i'm yorkie not only did he snap but there's now in the in the bylaws at bc like
hot tubs are not allowed they didn't think they had to put them in there but basically made a new
rule they literally can't have them now.
Well, I think the funniest thing that a couple of his ex-teammates told me last night,
because I was like, dude, Ned's coming on Chicklets tomorrow night.
They're like, oh, my God.
So they mentioned that Yorkie could never completely tame Ned,
and I don't think he loved that.
But any time a five-star recruit came, he stayed with Ned.
No way.
So it was kind of like...
So he was using you it was a love
hate i believe with these one of my one of my tops was cory schneider we got him on like a tuesday
and i got like the look like hey this is a big one like he's going to harvard like tomorrow i'm like
don't worry about harvard we'll be fine we took him and we had like a tuesday night circus like
i think he showed up at harvard was actually my buddy tommy wallace had him the next night like
taking him for ice cream and we had gone to the moon the night before.
He's like, yeah, I'm going to BC.
Are you kidding me?
Yeah, he's like, I just spoke to my guy.
Ned, he's letting him pound his own girlfriend
because he's like, we need this guy stopping punts for us.
He's like, go ahead, Corey.
Go ahead.
Oh, my God.
All right, and before, I don't want to forget Ned's version
of the five-on-three.
And Ned, you didn't get a ton of chances on a five-on-three,
but when you did, you didn't think this would happen. Yeah, I didn't get a lot of chances on five-on-3. And Ned, you didn't get a ton of chances on a 5-on-3, but when you did, you didn't think this
would happen. Yeah, I didn't get a lot of chances
on 5-on-3s, and I didn't make many flat passes.
So, both of these things existed
in this one. But, no, it was a 5-on-3.
I remember like it was yesterday.
And Biz was one of the better players
on the coast, so he certainly didn't need to be
punching people in the nose, but he did it
because that's just kind of how we played.
For reference, I was a two-time ECHL All-Star.
I'm just going to say that quickly.
You can continue your story.
Fact.
Fact.
Not only that, and weight champion, too, when the belt was over your neck.
That's true.
Yeah, we'll get there.
Suspended for it, but great move.
Great move.
But no, it was a 5-on-3.
I just remember it was one of those passes where you get and you bump it to the middle
because walking right down Main Street. You don't even have to look. Yeah, and the goal is already out at you get and you just, like, you bump it to, like, the middle to Biz walking right down Main Street.
You don't even have to look.
Yeah, and, like, the goal is already out at you.
And he's, like, committed.
So as soon as you bump it, and it was completely flat.
I'm like, I was going to the crease.
Assist.
High five, Sean Collins.
Like, that was pretty nice, huh?
I look back, and there's just two gloves going up towards the Jumbotron.
And this kid is just getting dummied at the blue line.
And the puck is just
floating to the red line and i think he like said something to biz like nice pass buddy or something
like this biz made a shit pass no it was it was uh we had a little bit of a riff going on with
the dayton bombers and it was that lane manson yes it was it was that big fucker and like the
game was just getting out of hand it was getting really chippy. And I just had enough, obviously,
because even I didn't really get to play five on three much
other than in the ECHL.
But I really fucked you over there, Nettie.
And I remember I brought his gloves to the box,
and I'm like, how fucking dumb is this kid?
He's really just shimmied someone on a five on three.
And I give him his gloves, and he goes, got him, huh?
I'm like, yeah.
Way to use your
noodle pal yeah that's that's what we need let's get you on the top of the umbrella punching more
people yeah you and sean collins would probably fuck you and me at the bench for sure but i don't
care i got my my fight against big old lane manson uh what what about the one time i don't even know
if you were part of this group when i i ended up taking home one of the boosties and then we we
finish up and I bring
her downstairs because I walk her to her car because I'm
a gentleman and all
the boys had toilet paper in their car.
Like it was covered
just covered in toilet paper and I'm like
guys come on. Yeah. You're like guys
come on boys. But I mean
talk about slim pickings. I mean
Wheeling West Virginia there wasn't many
females around.
I was taking down boosties.
Well, hey, you know, Ned got to have an amazing experience a night in Pittsburgh with me one Halloween.
And it was all related to being in the coast.
And so I'll actually let you take it over.
But Ned and one of my other closest friends, Kenny Roach, we him reggie on this podcast we lived together for a long time they were playing against each other in wheeling yes
we were in the wheel roach he was in johnstown too which was oh it's johnson's worse than wheeling
oh tough town johnstown johnstown wheeling i mean that's the tallest midget in the circus those are
yeah those are two tough yeah that's a that's a really good way of describing it.
And then one year, I think Johnstown had lost their team,
and then Wheeling decided to do a 50-50 split of home games,
where imagine that was your dynamic duo.
You're like, oh, but at least next game we get to go to Johnstown.
Oh, yeah, you'd go to, like, South Carolina and, like, take your shirt off on the highway
if you go to those towns. So give the bag, give the story. Oh, yeah, so'd go to, like, South Carolina and, like, take your shirt off on the highway if you go to those towns.
So give the back, give the story.
Oh, yeah, so we came up to Pitt.
Yeah, when Reggie got screwed.
Yeah, I mean, Reggie and I had been talking about this for probably three months.
We're like, oh, we're going to see Witt.
And it was one of those, sorry, I'll let him continue.
It was one of those where, like, hey, we have a Saturday 5 o'clock game.
Our next game's wednesday it's
a legit flashing yeah and and these two guys are living in wheeling and johnstown so this is going
to be like they're going to heaven slash honeymoon on acid oh i mean we had like bracelets on like
we were going to vegas like yeah we were we were jacked and like four different outfits yeah planned
out you know we were jacked i mean like in ro planned out. Yeah, we were jacked.
I mean, like, in Roachie, like, obviously we're texting all week.
Like, I'm like, dude, I got a cooler in the car.
We're going to cruise right up there.
We're going to be like, let's not let this thing go into overtime.
Let's get right up to pit.
Sure enough, like, you'd always think you're, like, ready for a call-up.
And Roachie walks out to the bench before the game.
I'm like, dude, you ready?
He looks at me like he had just lost his dog. And he goes, I got called up to Erie. I'm like, dude, you ready? He looks at me like he had just lost his dog.
And he goes, I got called up to Erie.
I'm like, oh, sorry, buddy.
That's tough.
Bro, she did not get to have that night in Pittsburgh.
And we had a night with a one Bugsy Malone.
No.
Bro, we had this night.
This was the story I was telling.
Where me and Bugsy were sprinting up and down the street.
And I had Wendy's wig on.
Okay.
And Bugsy had something else.
He slapped me in the face with a piece of pizza.
So Ned was there that night.
Ned, I'm sure, has different memories of it.
But the one funny thing was the next day, me, Ned, and Bugsy met for a little brunch,
went down to have a little brunch near the Cheesecake Factory,
and Ned's like, hold on, guys.
Hold on, guys.
So we're sitting waiting.
He goes in.
He's like, you took care of me last night. What an time we had beers booze it was just food it was what a
night so i want to repay you guys so he bought us t-shirts at what was that store urban outfit
i mean i couldn't pick up a tab so i was like hey let me get you guys some fresh teas and i remember
bugs he got one that was a mickey mouse with his head being mickey and he just he just cruised around town the next day and people loved it no he goes i remember
bugsy put the shirt on and it was mickey's body yeah so your face is like and he just like he goes
man i look so fucking good in this shirt and then there was a girl there was a girl working there
and the check out she goes you look unreal in that shirt he's like yeah i was like
mickey had never looked so good and ned was just ned you know drove back to wheeling like so
depressed and almost like like leaving was even tougher than oh of course but it was uh that was
a memorable night oh it's like leaving a trip like that was the summer we started like really
hanging out like we went to nantucket that was when we started running together in the off seasons
that's when i abused the witty allowance that one day no you started he started the witty allowance
yeah so witty used to put us on scholarship and there was uh yeah you were like you were like
nba rich and then you had your posse yeah and roachie was like cfo like he got free groceries
free living no but roachie but Reggie cooked every meal.
Okay, so you had a live-in chef.
He was my best... He was playing and working
out, but he would be the cook. He was Turtle.
Reggie, yeah, he was Turtle. He actually had his own
parking spot at NSU. Yeah, but he was a
specimen, too. It wasn't like
Turtle did nothing. This kid was doing
the workouts and also cooking.
Okay, sure. Either way, the allowance,
yeah, it pretty much
dude when i signed they got a check for like five hundred thousand dollars and none of us had any
money what the fuck you think we were gonna do we were gonna be on the slow ferry if we didn't
have wit we're like hey dude you got that house right i was like this is incredible guys let's
go we're going anywhere yeah so i abused the uh the plastic once i do remember that we uh we were
down at fugao obviously lighting it up.
And it was like we were eight, I would say eight deep on Witt's credit card.
And Witt was like, hey, I'm going to go back to the house and just like take a nap for a bit.
I'm like, yeah, that's cool.
Just make sure that Amex stays, right?
So Witt goes back to the house, comes back like two hours later.
Not even, dude.
Maybe an hour.
Maybe 90 minutes shutdown he had.
But he comes back, and I remember we're in the corner of the bar and he i'm like oh this could get dicey so he goes and he goes hey
can i get my card the guy gives him his card it's like 3300 bucks right we were just bankrolling the
whole left side of the bar the place was buzzing and wit gives me a look he's like dude not mad
i'm not like dad mad but just kind like, you abused me here a little bit.
And I'm like, but look at this corner.
Like, we got everyone going here.
So when we got to the chicken box, to Whit's credit, the next bar, he gave us an allowance.
So we got a cash allowance.
So it was just we were done with daddy's credit card.
We weren't fully shut off.
How much did each guy get?
Like 300. with daddy's credit card we weren't fully shut off how much did each guy get like 300 i was like hey when this is the this place is like 300 bucks is like having like 30 grand at a club like you
300 bucks at this place i'm like if you're done with this 300 you're done because it's like 250
we'll we'll address it in the morning that's it for tonight okay and it never even i think you
know what happened was i think i had like a huge wad still paid for everything so they just all had the 300 like the next day like hey you want to go to a nice dinner
yeah we kept our per diem but that was like yeah that was when we we just it was a great crew of
guys we had dude we had keith yandall brian and all these people hey all your buddies signed like
a cba where every trip they got they got a per diem pack with a certain amount and now it's turned
into like keith randomly that last summer we were going up to Saratoga.
And like guys were just like, fuck, this drive is going to suck.
But Toga is the best.
Keith's like, fuck it, boys.
I got a jet.
Let's go.
And now it's just Keith's making it better and better.
Whoa, you guys took a PJ with the boys up to Saratoga to go gambling?
Yeah, so it's like my 300 allowance at the chicken box now looks like pigeon scratch.
Well, yeah, that's a big boy move.
And I know Jans makes like, what, 7 million a year?
And he has for the last like eight years.
I mean, I get that.
But that's like, what, 25 grand?
I don't know.
I don't know if it was that much.
Maybe, though.
Either way, it's just like we're such  it's just a great group of guys we have here.
So do you guys send out the group text like, hey, I think we should mention to Yandel that this drive is going to suck around now because we're two weeks out.
This would still give him some time to plan.
Jump.
And he goes, jump means private.
No.
No.
Ned and I started the drive.
And we were with Donnie too.
Yeah.
And we were like 45 minutes into the drive and then he sent
the text like hey I'm just going to get the plane
and we U-turned that car
so fast
because for a second we were like
it's like two and a half hours
more and we were just like
why wouldn't you guys jump in the jet
we're coming thank you
just to say you went in the jet
if you were past a little past, would you still have turned around?
100.
I would have turned around pulling into the stables.
I mean, to get in a jet with Keith Yandel, I'd turn around and get in a bathroom with that kid.
That was the typical O'Connor move that we got on the jet and our buddy Oki gets on.
He's never been on a private jet, needless to say,
and opens up this thing that he thought was just like maybe a little pocket.
Well, it was like somehow like dropped all the way down.
So he just puts his wallet.
He's like, nice place to put your wallet.
Drops the wallet.
Wallet falls down to like the bottom of the plane where the wheels are.
So we're waiting 45 minutes for this kid to get his wallet back.
Keith's like, I can't bring this kid anywhere.
Keith had to like jury rig a coat hanger to get it. It was actually a pretty good move to get it yeah you're right but you know what ned also has some funny stories from your first training camp
you were with dallas right and that's when billy garren just what a veteran move listen to what he
did for him wait it was the same training camp when billy garren went after that kid too right
uh i don't know.
Okay, well, I'll let you tell your story, then we'll tell the other one after.
Yeah, I mean, Billy Guerin was like just, I don't know, he just doesn't know how to do anything but be a good guy.
I don't know, that's how I would explain it.
He's the best.
He just took care of him, which is nice.
I basically reached out to Brendan Buckley, an older BC guy that knew Guerin a little bit better than I did.
And I think Buck just said, hey, keep an eye out for Ned.
And Billy Guerin, in true Billy Guerin fashion, treated me like a little brother for a week.
You couldn't ask for a better guy to just kind of roll around with
because he's so well-liked.
I had a good rookie camp and actually wasn't supposed to,
but got invited back to big camp.
And I remember I was like, Billy, why don't you just stay at my house?
I'm like, oh, God, this is awesome.
I was a local Boston kid growing up, I was like, you know,
I'm not only a Bruins fan, but a Billy Guerin fan, obviously.
So we're hanging at his house, and like, sure enough, he gets telling stories.
And this is my most important training camp.
Like, I think I got a chance at the time, and I had trained my ass off all summer,
and I'm in, like, the best shape I'm in.
And I look around, and Billy's telling stories.
And I look, and I'm like, Jesus, we've had 13 Bud Lights the night before before my first training camp because
he's just I was like in fantasy camp looking at him so it was just it was just like I was I was
caught in between a fan and my first training camp but I was I was hanging with a guy that was
pretty high class in my opinion so you're blaming Bill Guerin for not making the NHL interesting
we're gonna have to put that up on on Twitter and let him know via text message
because I'm pretty sure he doesn't listen to this podcast.
But, like, Billy Guerin was so good at treating the young guys
and making them feel like they were part of the team.
Like, he would go out of his way to do it.
Oh, but he
Kids who he knew weren't going to play the NHL.
Well, I think you mentioned it a couple podcasts ago,
and I was just like, Billy, you're just, like, good to everyone.
He goes, it's not that hard to be a good guy.
Yeah.
And it just comes naturally.
And listen, does every older guy who has a family,
and there's 40 guys at training camp,
does he have the time to make everyone feel special?
No.
And I wouldn't even blame a guy if he didn't talk to me.
I'd just put my head down or whatever, right?
Or try to go out of my way to say hi to him.
But I ended up getting picked up off waivers and he fucking came up and you know and talked to me and wished me
luck we were back in pittsburgh um my third game of the of the the season i still hadn't played yet
and i was taking warm up and and i he was stretching his center ice and he's like busy
what's up he's like how are you liking it and i and i i hated my start in phoenix i didn't get along with the guys really
i didn't pick up and for the fact that he's like dude how are you doing are you liking it and i was
like nah and he just tapped me in the shit pad and he's like dude he's like it'll turn around
trust me it's not always easy getting moved over from to your first organization because it's the first time it happened to me.
And think of how many friends and good guys that I'd met in Pittsburgh.
I was devastated.
Yeah, like I don't know anyone.
I cried when Ray Shiro told me that I got picked up off waivers.
No shit.
Yeah, because I'd gone from the coast to
You'd given them so much too, right?
Yeah.
You made it up there.
And dude, I'd been fighting for these guys for the last two years.
Like I love them, right?
Yeah. And I truly love the organization.
And then I think Billy G, during warm-up, went over to Donor and tapped him on the shin pad.
He goes, take care of that idiot.
Really?
And that's when it kind of gave him that, yo, he's a good kid.
Maybe it hasn't worked out so far, maybe I came in hot like Yan said.
But fucking Billy G kind of planted that seed and I love him for it.
That's unbelievable to hear because it's like I don't think people realize how important it is to just when you're nervous and not knowing anyone to have somebody that's like very highly regarded talk to you even.
And be like, hey, what's going on, buddy? You're just like, oh my God, I feel like so much more at ease. So that's very highly regarded, talk to you even. Oh, absolutely. And be like, hey, what's going on, buddy?
You're just like, oh my God, I feel so much more at ease.
So that's pretty cool.
And I remember, yeah, you had always told me that.
I wish I got the chance to play with him.
And there was no connection.
There was no Boston connection.
There was nothing.
It was just like, he probably was just like,
dude, this guy's a clown.
Like, what's he about?
I want to talk to this idiot.
And then, of course, I showed him the respect that he deserved,
and there was just a natural bond there.
There it is.
So shout out, Billy G.
Billy G.
Another funny story reminded me, last night,
Brian Yandel reminded me that,
what happened when he got you in trouble at UNH?
Oh, yeah.
We were playing against UNH, and our assistant coach, Mike Cavanaugh,
because Yandel was, I mean, he was really good in college.
Yeah, he was sick.
He was good after, too, but, I mean, he was dangerous on the power play.
So he and I used to always joke around.
We had a good time going back and forth, just jawing at each other.
And my assistant coach would be like, Ned, don't get distracted.
Don't fall into his trap.
Don't be playing tummy sticks.
Yeah, and he's like, he's going to get you unfocused
because Bry didn't even need to be focused.
He was just toe-dragging everyone. He was just playing street hockey in a college game.
It was unbelievable.
So Bry comes by our bench and he's like, hey, Neddy, you bring your bag?
And I'm like looking down at the water bottle like, come on, Jens, don't throw me under the boat.
He's like, you bring your bag.
You're staying over, right?
I'm like, Jesus.
And obviously Cal was like, Ned, don't talk to him.
Stay focused.
Come on.
And I'm like, Bry, you screwed me there.
He knew what he was doing.
He was just chumming me up.
And then the other Yandex story brought up when Ned and I were chatting
was Keith training with your cousin, Hags.
Yeah.
I mean, this is my cousin, Ryan, who played at Maine.
They were training in the summertime.
And this is old Keith.
He was like 220.
Yeah.
A lot of people don't know that Keith used to be a fat bald kid because he used to shave his head.
We have a picture of when he was in college where it looks like he's 50 years old.
But this really will explain a lot of that.
Yeah, and Keith was a freak, but he had no interest in working out at this point at least.
So he's kind of training with my cousin.
The guys are talking about nutrition. Maybe they had a nutritionist come in or something and they're
talking about diet and all this stuff and they're talking about carbs and like you know you want to
limit your carbs maybe have them after you work out or whatever and it came up a couple times and
he finally taps my cousin after like the nutrition segment or whatever they had and he goes hey what's
a carb my cousin's like you put in the nhl for two years you don't know
what carb is he looks at him he's like yeah it's like uh like pasta and bread and keith's like
i love that shit i am a carb he's like mind blown he's like how can you be this good you don't know
okay so a switch must have flipped with him because when i was in phoenix every year he would come in and he would win the fitness test.
I know.
It was like around, I think it was first year pro was like the tipping point.
Like junior, he never worked out.
He was just so good.
And then first year pro, like he didn't.
And then that summer, I'm pretty sure it began with Phoenix,
you know, Phoenix Coyotes at the time being like,
you're training at ASU or whatever that performance enhancement place was.
And he started doing that.
And then I think he just got, like, really into it.
And I think he said before Donor had a lot to do with it.
But, like, it's just funny that we hung around with Keith.
I mean, Ned was on the New York trip with me, I think, when we all went home after we partied.
And Keith was like, yeah, we're just going to stay another night.
And Brian's like, we're working
out tomorrow. He's like, no, no, I'll be there Tuesday.
When people ask me about Keith,
I'm like, not only is he the funniest guy ever,
but he shows up at our golf course,
he's either in his Maserati or his moped.
You know, like, nothing in between.
I mean, that's Keith.
I love him.
So the other thing that I had to mention, so
Ned, your best friend, one of them, Brendan Timmons, right?
This is a kid that I've become friends with.
So I had to text Timmons.
I'm like, dude, Ned, he's coming on.
This has been, you guys have been friends for 30 years, right?
So the first thing he says to you, which is so true, Ned's the bouncer whisperer.
Like, dude, I swear to God, since I've met this kid, it does not matter how many of us there are.
You know, usually back in the day, hey, eight guys, you need to have girls with you.
It didn't matter to him.
You could have 15 guys.
He goes up, talks for like 30 seconds.
Then all of a sudden the bouncer, these hard old like table guys, bottle service guys are like, biggest smiles, like hugging Ned.
And Ned's like, come on, boys.
Come on.
So we've always laughed at that.
So the story comes full circle because last night, this kid Timmons is leaving Ned's wedding.
So there's a club here in town called The Grand.
It's the one new spot, right?
Grinnelli?
Grinnelli lives there, I guess.
His might have been.
So this kid Timmons.
I might have been floating around, making out on the dance floor with some girl.
One of the best kids in the world,
but he is by no means a go-up-and-set-up-the-club scene.
I mean, he probably had khakis on.
There's a chance that he said, he goes,
this is not my...
He found Darren Payne's khakis.
He goes, I had no idea what to do,
and there's a monster line,
but I just went up to the main guy
behind the velvet rope, and I was like,
hey, is there any chance you know Ned Havern?
Literally.
And the guy goes, Ned Havern?
Of course I know Ned Havern.
Arlington?
Look, I got his number right here.
And Timmy's got a big group in with a table set up with the grand all because of Ned.
So it was like the bouncer whisperer took care of his boy.
And that was last night?
This is last night.
I was with that group.
Oh, yeah. I was with that group. Oh, yeah.
Biz was in the back of the camp.
I ended up stranded with them, and I was like, sure, let's go to the Grand.
There we go.
So it really came full circle. So Biz rolled right in.
And then I heard Ned's name come up, and I said, oh, yeah, it was his wedding tonight.
And he goes, no shit.
Yeah, he rolled right in.
Yeah, but what have you always said these years?
I mean, would you say this guy's in the NHL or I'm an agent?
What do you say?
I can't share all my stuff.
I know, that's the thing.
He'll never tell me.
He can't share all my stuff.
No, it always helps when you know you've got which credit card in the back of the line, though.
That's true.
That's last resort, right?
So you're very loose going in no matter what.
You have an exit strategy.
Exactly.
But you're that type of guy though where you like you're like guys
i got this yeah well you just gotta you gotta like start with like you know they get the like
hey buddy like just give them like hey thanks for listening right up front yeah hey listen thanks
for listening i know you get this shit all the time hey listen i know i'm a pigeon but i'm not
really a pigeon but i'm just saying i'm a pigeon so you think i'm cool that reminds me you're in you're in new york oh don't fuck with brian yan i got pissed
no so he went at us all in new york like this is years ago yeah i mean i think it was called
a dream hotel if i was there wait before we go any further can we maybe test this bouncer strategy
and like do a hidden camera show where he has to get into like the grammys
hey yeah oh like i'll get i'll get snubbed i'm telling you like no we got to keep it realistic
but if we will maybe chicklets instagram one time we'll get a big line in a place and i'll just be
like a couple you know 50 yards back and there'll be a moment when he turns around and gives me the
we're all set okay so sorry to cut you off where were you guys going with that oh winter
we were in it was uh this was way back this was like i think when yeah probably wit signed that
that good deal like it's big deal 2008 i bet yeah it was it was when we signed that that funny deal
that worked out well for all of us but uh i think it was the dream hotel and we were all standing
in the back and obviously in typical boston guy fashion we have like 15 dudes yeah all wearing like marshall's t-shirts and just trying to be somebody but
we're uh we're sticking out like a sore thumb and finally i go up and i'm talking to the guy
and he's got he's like a total like new york like cheetah high tops hard all with like
half of his head oh this is a different story i was thinking of a different one and uh and
finally the guy i'm like hey can hey, can you get us in?
And he's good with it.
But he looks at us kind of like, these guys can't pay what they need to pay up top.
So Witter walks up.
And as he's letting us in, he's like, hey, I just want you guys to know, a table is going to be five or ten grand.
And Witt just leans over.
Witt just leans down on him and just goes, ooh.
Like we were in third grade. And he just leans over. Witt just leans down on him and just goes, ooh. Like we were in third grade.
And he just goes, ooh.
And he goes upstairs.
And we literally dropped like 15 grand.
And he gave him like the hey, buddy slap on the way out.
He gave him the Dougie Hamilton tap on the top of the head.
He thought he was going to stun Witty with the price.
And he just goes, ooh.
He was acting like it was like. He was like he said like 20 million to get in place.
Like once he said like seven grand, I'm like, buddy, are you kidding?
I thought you were about to say.
Hey, the club legit hired Mike Myers to say 1 billion to you at the front.
Hey, guys, before we go any further, I want to talk to you for a second about Tommy John.
Summer is here, and Tommy John is ready to have you looking and feeling ready for Memorial Day barbecues and Fourth of July fireworks.
They'll keep you patriotic from cheek to shining cheek with their all-new red, white, and blue underwear collection,
including a USA flag print for both men and women.
The collection comes in one of their best-selling fabrics, including the cool cotton fabric that features breathable,
lightweight fibers that keep you two to three times cooler
and dry four to five times faster than regular cotton.
Both Tommy John men's and women's underwear sport a no-wedgie guarantee,
comfortable stay-put waistbands,
and a range of fabrics that are luxuriously soft and designed to move with you.
Plus, now through the end of May,
Tommy John is donating 5 of every purchase of select red, white, and blue styles
to the Honor Foundation to support veterans transitioning to a civilian life.
They're so sure you're going to love the fit and feel of Tommy John
that it's all backed by their best pair you'll ever wear, or it's free guarantee.
That means if you don't love your first pair, you'll get a full refund.
Tommy John, no adjustment needed.
Go to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets now to save 20 on your first order.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off.
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets.
Oh, Ned, I also forgot.
You had a story after your first year pro in the coast in trenton that you came back
and you the reason that you you brought it up was the one day at walson after we golfed
i was drying off with like four towels and he started just laughing and i'll let you take over
i mean like you can relate to this biz like basically leagues are defined by how many
towels you can use right you play in the nhl wit would come home wrap himself like a mummy
have slippers on,
have seven towels,
but you go to the AHL,
maybe some guys
can have two towels.
You get to the coast,
the equipment guy
does the laundry,
he does everything.
It's a one-towel league.
One towel.
It's a one-towel league.
Which is a fact.
I don't know how they define it,
but it should be defined
by towel.
Side story,
do you remember how bad
those fucking towels were?
They were sandpaper towels.
No, the ones at the Joe Louis Arena, the old rink.
It was like fucking drying off with a garbage bag.
Oh, and you're NHL talking?
NHL.
Oh, I can't imagine some of the ones.
No, but you must have played there.
I don't remember them.
You don't remember?
I thought you were talking about the old,
there'd be towels in the AHL on the road in Binghamton
that were like champagne and topicals.
Oh, yeah, they were cum rags.
They were cum fucking old hotel room cum rags.
And we used to get them at a discount.
They'd walk through the dressing room.
They were stiff.
Well, this French kid is the one who took the brunt
of not understanding he wasn't in a three-towel league.
Our equipment guy, Millsy, was classic.
Finally, the French kid, he's waiting.
After three or four weeks, his skates don't come in.
He's like, hey, I kind of asked Millsy, but he kind of snubbed me.
I see that you're kind of boys with him.
Can you ask him about where my skates are?
So I go in and I see Millsy.
I'm like, hey, what's up with that?
French, he's getting real bent out of shape.
Are his skates coming in?
What's the deal with that? He's like, kidding me, Javi? Frenchie's getting real bent out of shape. Are his skates coming in? Like, what's the deal with that?
He's like, kidding me, Javi?
He's like, guys walking around here with two towels.
This ain't a two-towel league.
I'm like, are you shitting me?
You're hiding his skates because he's got two towels.
So sure enough, I go to the kid.
I'm like, hey, I don't know how to tell you this,
but like tomorrow after practice, have one towel.
Go check in with Millsy.
I think you're going to be all right.
Sure as shit.
Goes in the next day with one towel. Millsy like you're not gonna believe it skate showed up this morning
here's your bowers now okay so obviously the the trainer was a little grumpy yeah he's a grumpy guy
they did a lot the coast they do a lot well i was gonna say i billy higgins i loved him but he was
grumpy because they made him do 20 different things he fucking had to
like you said
do the laundry
he had to freaking
play goalie
he had to sharpen
our skates
he had to order
all the shit
this guy had to
dress his goalie
a couple times
dude he was freaking
sharpening skates
you have like a staff
in the AHL
it's just you
you gotta be like
an octopus
with 8 hands
to get shit done
if you're an equipment
guy on the coast
and remember nobody's making any money, so nobody's tipping them shit.
Like, I would tip them because I was on an AHL deal, but this guy's working his bag off,
and he's got all these guys demanding shit where you know he ain't seeing even a 50 at the end of the season.
Oh, no.
I know.
That guy's can't even tip.
Can't tip.
I mean, hey, it's prison rules down there.
The tip jar's light.
The tip jar's real light. But I know, dude, you've come and joined us day The tip jar is light. The tip jar is real light.
But I know, dude, you've come and joined us day after your wedding.
I know you're heading down the Cape.
But before we do go and wrap this up, it's interesting because you talked about you played three years and you made the decision, which is hard because at the time you still want to play hockey.
But you're like, all right, time to kind of start making some money and figuring this out.
Now you've started your own company i'd love
to just hear kind of i think people would love to hear the backstory of how that came and what
you're doing now yeah no i mean i think it's it's always challenging uh you know you play hockey
your whole life right and you guys know the challenges of like starting something new but
you know you take it on as a new challenge right you put your head down and quite an early stay
late until it figures itself kind of like you guys with this podcast you guys have it's a rocket ship because you guys have kind of taken
it seriously and gone after it so credit to you guys for that but um yeah so what we do is we we
set up companies with their benefits it's haven benefits so you know if your company needs to
offer benefits their employees um you know we help you set that up we're like the broker in between
we help you out and we have a huge international business where basically the same person that does what I do in Canada,
when they have that opportunity of a Canadian company coming to the U.S., we get that phone call.
So it's great.
Because they're not allowed to do that.
Yeah, they're not licensed up in Canada.
So basically it's a counterpart of mine that we've kind of built this niche where if that question comes up,
we're here to facilitate that anywhere in the U.S.
But it was cool for me, like, you know, being such good buddies with this guy.
And he's like, dude, I'm going to start my own company.
And there was a lot of times you were, like, stressed to the max.
But it was a ballsy move.
And now it's just awesome.
Wow, you started this by yourself from the ground up.
Yeah, so we're three years deep now.
And, you know, the first year you just got to, like, survive.
You know, that's the whole thing. I wouldn't even know where to begin i think you you're like
underestimating yourself no but i think you could do it but like what made you get into that
specifically somebody must have talked to you about it where you're like oh how you did yeah
it was just it was uh it was something where it was a niche and i think in any industry and there's
a lot of them out there but if you can find something that you're unique at you know if we
go into a canadian company and they're looking to expand in the u.s there there's a lot of them out there. But if you can find something that you're unique at, if we go into a Canadian company and they're looking to expand in the U.S.,
there's not a lot of people that kind of do that cross-border thing.
So for us, it's being a little bit unique.
And it's been great.
We've got a great team.
Our sales guy, Ryan Coffey, I've got to give him a shout out.
He's working his butt off.
Loves spitting chocolate, so I've got to give him a little bump.
And actually, if you check out our website, we actually- Oh, yeah, dude. People are going to love it.
We just hired a new advisor for business development.
He's got real big airs, real deep pockets, Ryan Whitney.
No.
Dude, the picture, I honestly-
He picked a picture.
He's like, hey, I need a good pic for your-
You're on the team now.
I need a good pic for the website.
He picked one from NHL.com.
Dude, I look like I was coming off a five-day bender.
I'm like, Ned, can you text my wife and get another pic?
Now I look phenomenal.
It was a tough photo.
So, dude, when I hear stories about what you just did
in order to become successful and make money,
when people just say there aren't enough jobs
or something out there,
there are so many stupid fucking ways to make money.
There are jobs just fucking everywhere.
Look at this podcast.
I mean, yeah.
But there's so many ways to make dough out there, folks.
So just put your nose down, put your head down, go to work.
All right.
Well, dude, thank you so much.
I give it one more plug.
What's the name?
Haven Benefits.
All right.
Oh, yes.
You got a website?
Yeah.
Check it out.
Havenbenefits.com. And if nothing else, you'll get to see a website yeah check it out havenbenefits.com
you'll see
and if nothing else
you'll get to see
a nice shot of Ryan
yeah exactly
oh and I gotta thank
Neddy Haven
for setting me up
back door
Yari Kurita Gretzky
last night
I had a very fun time
with
in shocking fashion
Biz took advantage
of the single email thread
that we mentioned
fortunately he didn't
beat anyone up
he decided to just
put it in the back of the net, so I appreciate
that. There you go. I will include
before we wrap this up quickly at the end.
Biz last night had like...
He's like a caveman. It didn't matter
if any woman was married. He didn't
know or care. He's just like dancing with everyone.
Just like loving. I'm like, oh, that's my buddy's wife.
He's like, oh yeah, no worries, bro.
Oh, I'm harmless on the dance.
It was a classic night. Alright, Ned, thank you very bro. Just kept moving. Oh, I'm harmless on the dance floor. I'll never go after him. It was a classic night.
All right, Ned.
Thanks, guys.
Thank you very much.
And there's many more where this came from.
So if you ever meet this guy, buy him a beer or he'll buy you one.
So we appreciate it.
Oh, he'll buy you one with money.
Thanks.
Thanks, boys.
Stay hot.
This thing's awesome.
So much appreciated.
Yeah, bro.
Thanks.
That interview was also brought to you by Raycon.
It's 2019.
Everyone needs a great pair of wireless
earbuds, but before you go dropping hundreds of dollars on a pair, you need to check out the
wireless earbuds from Raycon. Raycon earbuds start at about half the price of other premium
wireless earbuds on the market, and they sound just as amazing. The company was actually co-founded
by Ray J, and celebrities like Snoop Dogg are already obsessed. Raycon's E50 wireless earbuds
have totally changed the
game for me. They're so comfortable and they're so easy to take anywhere. And unlike some of your
other wireless options, Raycon earbuds are both stylish and discreet with no dangling wires or
stems. And of course, they don't just look great, they sound great too. Raycon offers their wireless
earbuds for everyone in a fun range of colors at an unbeatable price. Go to Raycon.com slash chicklets to get 20 off your order.
That's buyraycon.com slash chicklets for 20 off Raycon wireless earbuds.
If you've been buying a pair, now is the time to get an amazing deal.
One more time, that's buyraycon.com slash chicklets.
Thank you very much to Nolan.
Ned, that was an absolute blast.
I think Biz and I can thank you a lot for hosting an unreal wedding.
And we didn't really mention that.
He's in the new age style of you don't need to have a crazy big wedding.
All he did was have everyone show up to a bar at 7 o'clock.
I was going to say, where was the wedding?
Bobbo, this restaurant in the Seaport. up to a bar At 7 o'clock I was gonna say Where was the wedding? Bobbo
This restaurant in the seaport
We just showed up
At 7 o'clock
Couple songs
Sung by our buddy
Rob Bellamy
He sang a little bit
Then he got the DJ
And we just had a night
At the bar with friends
So it was a cool
Instead of the hero act
Of the wedding
We went with a great night
And that was a lot of fun
To interview him too
So what else is going on in the hockey world?
That's good.
Oh, one other note.
If I get married, dude, don't have a fucking giant wedding party.
Don't have, like, seven or eight of your buddies and, like, your girl has.
That's such a waste of time and money to have a giant wedding party.
Well, I mean, some people like doing it that way.
I know.
I'm just telling you, a lot of aggravation.
That's all.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, but no, but some people are different, and I can respect that, but I'm
down with what you guys are saying.
Yeah.
Short and easy. Yeah. A little bit'm down with what you guys are saying. Yeah, short and easy.
Yeah, a little bit of news we'll catch people up on.
The Edmonton GM job is Ken Hollins, if he wants it, according to Elliot Friedman.
Elliot says the offer is believed to be about five years at 5 million per.
I'm not sure a lot of people saw that happening, but they've got a clean house. They've got to get every ex-Edmonton oiler just out of that building and just start fresh.
And I think Kenny Hollins would probably be a good start.
I thought he took the job.
I saw a funny tweet today.
I thought he took the job, no?
It's not official yet.
Some people are saying that he may be in fact
getting involved in these types of
negotiations and getting his name out there
so Seattle reaches out to
maybe make a stab at him.
So who knows, right right you never know what
someone's true intentions are you got to play the game it's like chess not checkers um i saw a funny
tweet uh on on that uh oh on that situation where it was when ken holland was going to move in they
were going to move all the management over to just run the alumni program so i i i got a kick out of that one considering
it seems like the Edmonton
brass is an alumni
program. I saw something that
was said that Dave Tippett might be in
as head coach if they
bring in Holland.
Dave Tippett's a guy who I think is eager to
get back in the game. He's a
very competitive guy.
Do you think he'd do well there?
What's going to be difficult for Dave Tippett?
Dave Tippett is one of the most prepared
coaches.
Very defensive
minded, very structured
where it's going to be difficult
because you're now dealing with the best player in the world
who you need to just let him go.
Then also, how are you going to build your system?
Because it's weird having one guy be able to do everything else
and it kind of throws everything off if not everyone else is on the same page.
So it would be interesting.
Do I believe that he could adapt and do it?
Yeah, of course.
I mean, he's a very respected coach,
and he'll definitely think he can do it if he does take that job.
Ken Holland, I asked a couple guys just to quickly describe him.
And I guess, you know, he's, like, perfect at not micromanaging people.
So, like, everyone says he believes in, like, stability within the organization from the top down.
So it's like you take care of your job.
I'm not going to be asking it all over you and making sure you're getting your job done
because it involves trust, and I think that's what Edmonton needs.
They need stability.
It's just been so much difference for so long, so we'll see if that ends up happening.
But he's one of the best GMs of all time.
I mean, when you start talking about guys who've built teams,
I mean, what he did with the Red Wings for, what, 25 years? I mean, they were one of the greatest dynasties in league history, no doubt. He's just of the best GMs of all time. I mean, when you start talking about guys who've built teams, I mean, what he did with the Red Wings for, what, 25 years?
Yeah, I mean, they were one of the greatest dynasties in league history.
He's just been incredible.
So Edmonton would be very lucky to have him.
We also got a little news just on checking Twitter.
Elaine Vigneault has brought Michelle Therrien back to the NHL
as an assistant with the Philadelphia Flyers next year.
So very interesting.
I can't picture Therrien as an assistant coach. He'llers next year. So very interesting. I can't picture Terrian as an assistant coach.
He'll probably be nothing like he was.
I mean, you're not going to be a hard-ass,
giving guys tough, tough meetings as an assistant coach.
So guys could really enjoy him.
But that's an interesting French move behind the bench in Philly.
Philly needs to stock up on ashtrays.
I'm curious to know what he can bring from an assistant
coach's perspective like well he knows hockey no no i i know but but he but he i mean there's
these blocks of time where he he's able to be successful in what he does like now i just use
i use tippet as an example like he was unbelievably structured but you you have to have outside the box thinking
nowadays to be a a head coach of a national hockey league team you have to be able to do a lot of
things well including hiring the right staff and trusting in them we mentioned how important
special teams are now like what what is terrian so good at that you think he'll bring as an
assistant coach to philadelphia because i feel
like when he's not the guy cracking the whip like that's part of him being a good coach
is him get it trying to get the most out of his players by pushing buttons well when you don't
have that control now that you're the assistant you have to be having added things to your bag
i would say that that just proves elaine vignault must really trust him in terms of whether he's going to run the PK,
maybe he's going to run the power play.
But obviously Vigneault is like, I'm going to Philly.
We've got to turn this thing around.
I need this guy on my staff.
I wonder how much, and we talked about it being chestnut checkers,
how much a thought process goes into it.
I don't want to hire a guy that's maybe too good
because if things start going a little bit south, I don't want this hire a guy that's maybe too good because if things start going a little bit south,
I don't want this guy to take my spot.
So you want to keep a certain level of not incompetence,
but just somebody who you see as a non-threat
as taking over as a head coach.
As I said, at the same time, though,
Terrian hasn't seemed like you got a crack
at any of the recent jobs that have opened up.
You know what I mean?
I think this was probably his way to get back in the league.
To me, the problem with Terian is based on his mental games and the way he approaches
it with his players is like that would be such a short-term play.
He's a short-term shelf-life coach.
Because you don't have assistants play the head games.
That's what the head coaches do, right?
Yeah.
That's the guy who's able to.
I mean, if fucking Terian's going to be playing head games
in the locker room as assistant coach,
guys are going to be like, yo, fuck you.
I don't answer to you.
I answer to the head coach.
You're here to like bring the fucking iPad over
and maybe show me if I miss something, you know,
and work with me.
Well, pretty special episode here, boys.
We got their second one in Boston.
Yeah.
Is there anything else?
Yeah, well, I mean,
I know we're running late. We can run through them quick.
Vegas Golden Knights did a little
front office restructuring. Team promoted
Kelly McCrimmon to general manager.
George McPhee is now the president of Hockey Operations.
Speculation McPhee
did this for...
He put himself in a different position so he won't lose
McCrimmon like we were just talking about.
Seattle might want him.
This keeps him in Vegas.
From what I'm hearing is those two guys just work
really well together and they share
a brain where I'm sure
they're being paid and compensated to
what they would be as if each of them
were their own GMs on different teams.
They get to live in Vegas. They've already
built a very good team.
Why fix it when it ain't broken?
Right, when it ain't broken.
And nice of McPhee to kind of shift over in order to keep that.
I mean, that's a team move by a GM.
And worth noting, McPhee is still the final say on hockey matters.
So like we've talked about before,
which we see a lot more collaborative front offices,
like guys might be the GM, but they don't even have the final say anymore.
And this is the latest example of it.
Heavy speculation, Pavel.
That's who might return to the Red Wings.
He announced he won't be going back to SCAR St. Pete of the KHL.
His agent said the only team he would play for in the NHL is the Wings.
Of course, Biz currently owns his rights, so the Wings can't publicly comment.
He does become a UFA on July 1st.
He's definitely not retiring, so it's either the Wings or his hometown team in the KHL are going to
try Automobilist Jekaterningberg.
You know that word?
I know the team. I was pretty good saying that,
though. And congrats to the
U.S. National Sled Hockey Team. They won the
gold medal at the Paris Sled Hockey World
Championships in Ostrava, Czech
Republic on Saturday. They beat
rival Canada 3-2 in OT.
Team surrendered just five goals in five games
and the Americans have meddled in eight of the last
ten tourneys, including four goals.
So congrats to the boys for getting it done over
there. And my buddy Josh Paul's got
a cookie for himself, so congrats to him as well.
Nice to see that. And also
one last story. I'm not sure if you guys paid attention.
The women who play in the two professional
leagues announced that they will not be playing any
professional leagues this season. They will sit and i'll quote until the resources professional
hockey demands and deserves okay uh there's a belief the women are trying to facilitate a
creation of an nhl-backed women's league similar to the wmba players say it's not a boycott it's
kind of a boycott uh one league did fold the c CWHL, the Canadian Women's League, folded.
So there's only one league now.
They're not going to do any business.
The women have taken a stand here, basically.
Okay, so I wanted to talk about this.
It was marked down on my mental pad.
I know we're running long here.
I honestly and genuinely think if the right infrastructure was set up,
that they would be able to work out a system where they would be able to grow women's hockey end up paying these girls what i believe that they should at least get paid
minimum for anyone spending that much time doing anything as far as work there should be money on
the table for them i also understand that it is a business and and and time has told us that that
women's sports don't necessarily draw like they do men.
The numbers aren't there and it's difficult to earn the money in order to pay for them.
This has to be a play by the NHL if they were to want to get involved. Now, I'm one of those types
of people. I don't think anyone should force them to do that. And for the people who are barking at
them to do that, like, well, okay, you go open up a company that's not profitable and
take that risk with your own money and and and whatever that's just fucking basic economics
now where i see that the nhl can benefit from this is of course growing the game getting more
people involved especially in america if all these young girls are playing now you have fans and
you're just growing the actual sport.
But you would have to figure out a way to do it where maybe these girls play all at one location on a weekend.
That's kind of how the new lacrosse league is doing it.
The PLL is where they're going.
It's like a tour where they're going to certain cities and then they're bringing in people like that.
Right, because all those little girls and families who may want to go watch it,
it's kind of like an event for that day.
They get to go see four different games
or six different games, get their face painted,
and you have to make an event.
You have to change it other than what the system is now
because it hasn't proved to be profitable.
So let's go here.
But my one issue with it is that all the people that are going online
and just attacking the league for not stepping up and doing it,
well, first of all, we don't know what the fuck they're doing
because they're not going to keep us up to date on every step of the way.
They might be in the backside here thinking about,
yo, is this something reasonable that we do think maybe we can execute
in order to at least help us get close to even?
Because I don't think that a company like the NHL
or any companies ever want to be like,
hey, are we just going to do the right thing here
and lose 20 million a year?
Unless they think maybe they can get it
to where it could sustain itself.
So just like I'm sick of people not being level-headed about this.
Yes, it just so happens it's women who are getting the raw deal out of this.
I'm sitting here telling you, let's try to think of a solution in order for it to do it.
But I'd also argue all those people bitching online,
if you're the ones who are going to wave your finger at the NHL,
you better be the first fucking person lined up to buy season tickets if they do in fact execute that deal or whatever td package if you're not
living in a town like you better be fucking supporting that goddamn league if you're going
to be waving your finger right yeah i i hope that women's hockey figures out a way to have
one cohesive league where the best women in the United States
and Canada in the world can someday come and play and they can make money and be profitable
having said all that it hasn't happened yet and to say that the NHL owes them something I just
don't agree with that I I don't understand how that's on the NHL. I hope they figure out a way to help.
But for them to sit back as a business,
and when you're sitting in a meeting room,
in the end, we don't owe anything to anyone.
That's not on them to make this happen.
It's more people saying it.
I hope it does.
But for the people to say, you need to help out,
and for some women players to say,
these men are making this much, it's not fair.
Like, that's how the world works.
Wait, I can sympathize for somebody
who would maybe be in disagree with them,
thinking, I think this is a missed opportunity
in order to grow our game,
where we haven't tried to utilize properly yet.
I just don't believe that they should be shunned on for it.
Yeah.
And people at the NHL,
I would hope that they would put a team together
and give it a serious look
and come up with a potential game plan in order to do so.
I know, and I'm saying that would be nice.
But this ain't going to happen overnight.
I'm saying that would be, I hope that works out.
But in the end, that is not their responsibility.
That's all I'm saying.
So for people to really attack it
but i think that we're in all agreement and watching the gold though the women's olympics
and how unreal that is i hope that it gets figured out because it could be great and i i'm pretty
sure if it's not a fact it's one of the fastest growing sports in the country the u.s is girls
my friend's daughters i got guys my age a little older with girls you know 10 and years old brendan walsh we talked to brendan walsh yeah
it's huge and and i would even go as far as if it if if it ever kind of got in circulation that
they were thinking about it and maybe funds weren't there i would do a fundraiser uh through
chicklets in order to do that we i think we get you know we get over half a million people
listening to every episode like i would gladly throw in some dough in order to do that. I think we get over half a million people listening to every episode.
I would gladly throw in some dough in order to fucking give it towards
the women's league so they can get things going.
I think there's a feasible answer out there where there should be
a good professional women's league where everyone gets paid a good wage,
a good living wage, because there's a lot of talented women.
I'll tell you, the difference between women's hockey and women's basketball
is women's hockey is fun to watch.
They're talented.
Women's basketball, I think, can be a little boring.
The style is not good.
Women's hockey is pretty fucking talented out there.
Well, I mean, you're just biased because you probably don't like basketball as much as hockey.
I played a lot of hoop growing up.
I was a big hoop guy.
All right.
Well, we just hope that it all works out.
And I think that we want a women's league.
My brain is shutting down right now, guys.
Wendy's going to die on us.
This has been quite the weekend.
But, Biz, I love having you in the city.
And as we told everyone, thank you again for the watch party.
And playoffs keep rolling here, boys.
Yeah.
Everybody, we'll check in with you Thursday.
Have a good work week.
Love it.
Peace out. selfie.
