Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 174 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Playoffs are hot and heavy, we just finished up yet another game 7 here, recording on Wednesday night,
but let's say hi to the boys first. Get some instant reaction.
Paul, Biz Nasty, Bissonette, where are you these days?
You look like you're in that Always Sunny in Philadelphia gif
where the guys get all the fucking things behind them,
figuring out the conspiracy.
Yeah, I am currently in Vancouver.
I actually came over to my buddy's office because the Wi-Fi is a lot better
than Pasha's place.
Fucking clean that up, Pasha.
By the way, I have a crazy proposal from him about his New Jersey Devils.
We'll save that for later.
It involves an offer sheet.
But I did a content piece with McDonald's here today.
Very cool.
Got to work with Ronald McDonald's House Charities,
and there was a kid there who actually, you know, he's been going through treatment.
They had him over.
He was staying in one of the Ronald McDonald houses here in Van.
And his favorite player, one of his favorite players was Jacob Markstrom.
And I FaceTimed Marky.
And he's actually in Slovakia right now at the Worlds.
And sure as shit, he answered.
And he was  I think he might have been naked because he was in his bed,
no shirt on. And he was kind of like,
why is this FaceTime me kind of thing?
And next thing you know, I had the camera in this kid's face,
and the kid was so pumped.
It was just cool.
So Jacob Markstrom, awesome guy.
You know him, Whit.
He goes on the golf trips, doesn't he?
Oh, he came on one.
He's the best guy in the world.
The best guy in the world.
I've told this best story ever of him on the
bus right no oh yeah about him getting caught on the bus and having to sneak out but i throw it
yes yes i don't know the podcast but just a classy move the kid was so fired up his mom was excited
she came over like three times so just a classy guy and and just a good cause so uh that was my
day good on you biz and that's our other co-host, Ryan
Whitney. What's going on, brother?
What's going on, Biz? You got something else for us?
I was going to say, I forgot to mention the fact that
I shit my pants in the airport on the way to
Vancouver the other day. Obviously, I sent you
guys the picture. We'll take your word for it next
time, Biz.
I was taking a piss.
Right before I was going through... Those are new
gins, bro. Brand new Lululemon underwear.
Lululemon are my favorite underwear.
Better give me a fucking Biz20 promo code because those things ain't cheap.
And I'm in the urinal.
I'm having a great day.
Everything's going awesome.
And I started taking a piss, and I let a little fart out and then splat.
And I'm like, there's no fucking way that shit.
I thought I caught it in my butt
cheeks where it hadn't gotten to my underwear yet which is manageable in the airport but then i i i
quickly shut the door because it was in a stall but i didn't close the door so i had to like
shuffle around while my dick was still in my hand and like obviously a guy's walking behind he's
probably like what the fuck is this guy doing i walked by and trips on your foreskin yeah trips
on my foreskin.
I locked the door.
I pulled my pants down.
I had a backpack on.
One of the straps was in the fucking toilet too as I unload the rest of this stuff.
So things aren't going well.
And obviously, when I pull down my underwear, I see that it came out.
And I'm devastated because new Lululemon Ginch.
And worst of all all I don't like
going commando so I had to like maneuver my socks off my shoes off take my my pants off and I had
to throw the underwear out and then my butt cheeks were just covered in like splat wow well those of
you who are still listening like Whitney said in the chat in the text I never trust a fight
never waste a boner and there's another one of that, never turn down a piss.
That's when you get a little bit older.
And last but not least, our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
What's going on there, brother?
What's up, boys?
I'm in a great mood.
I'm always in a good mood when we're joined by the legendary Scotty Upshaw.
So it's going to be a good podcast today, boys.
Also, that line you just gave me credit for that was that's actually ned's line so great
feedback on ned's interview a lot a lot of uh people have really enjoyed that one so we have
another special and moving forward i know a lot of you want big names on the podcast but we're gonna
i hope you guys just trust us and we're gonna gear towards the guys who have awesome stories i don't
care what level they played at because sometimes like the big names,
they like,
they not to say they disappoint,
but they just can't come on here and sling the stories like some guys can.
And I hope you guys just trust our ability moving forward.
One thing I wanted to ask you about,
Grinnelly,
before we jump into things is,
is you moved into the new office at Barstool.
It looks amazing.
It's unbelievable.
It's,
it's unbelievable. You had supermodels there today. I don amazing. It's unbelievable. It's unbelievable.
You had supermodels there today.
I don't know how you're saying it's unbelievable.
I watched Dave's tour. It's
fucking...
He's negative all the time.
No, but there was videos of
rooms not even close
to being done. Well, they're not finished.
They just moved into the offices
two days ago. You can still tell though. You can see what it's going to be. And on a lot
of the doors that aren't finished, they have pictures of what's going to be. So I will
say that. And I know you mentioned the supermodels. Of course, I
took a page out of business book, the confidence book. I went right up and introduced
myself. And? Yeah, right. We talked.
We said hi. We had a mutual friend so it was good so i'm
you have a mutual friend between you and a supermodel uh actually yeah girl i went to high
school with a good friend of mine actually i think you guys actually i think you guys actually you
guys actually met her in la i won't mention her name and. And she's actually Camille Kostick's roommate.
So it was the perfect opening line.
I just walked right up and said,
hey, I think you're roommates with my buddy.
Confidence was at an all-time high.
Hair was looking great today too.
She's on the cover of Sports Illustrated for those listening.
She's gorgeous.
Gronkowski's fiance, girlfriend?
Girlfriend, yes.
She's just perfect.
And she's just perfect.
And she's yeah, I might make the pages of my Sports Illustrated stick together. That one is that a little offensive, guys?
I mean, it's known men play with themselves to that particular issue.
By the way, do they do a summer issue now, too?
Because I saw they dusted off Tyra.
She's on the fucking on the cover this time.
They used to always just do in the winter.
But do they have a summer swimsuit
edition now? No? I think they might
just have more than one cover, possibly.
What was your
first porn magazine?
First porn magazine?
I always had Playboy. I know
Playboy's not porn, but for the sake of
nudie mags when I was a kid.
My mom was always
pretty cool about
me and my brother looking at playboys. She was like,
I don't care if you guys look at it. I just don't want
bringing it to school, showing your friends. She was always
pretty liberal.
What about you?
Whit was
jerking off the Sears catalogs.
He's a simple guy.
I was jerking off the Milek street hockey
nets.
he's a simple guy like milek street hockey nets uh i was like oh that one's got the shooter tutor mom's new uh plastic goalie bad that thing's so
sick black guys remember i think i think somebody i think an older kid in the neighborhood had one
let me just hide it just hide it in the woods there was always a there was always like a old
wives tale there was
a bunch of playboys underneath some bridge and situate these people told me that i swear to god
i was gonna go down there 15 times i never did it though i only asked you guys because i wanted to
tell you about mine fox magazine which are the like the filthiest ones and they would always
have one page with a chick on it and there'd be like a cum target like legit like you get like like
the middle was like 100 points and shit oh man half of those pages were stuck together
and uh sure enough when my parents redid my my room after i ended up moving out like five years
later i forgot it was under there and she was like oh my god i found your as if she had caught
me four or five times jerking off while i lived there still this is like oh my god i found you as if she hadn't caught me four or five times jerking
off while i lived there still this is like oh i missed again i'm gonna have to try to hit that
bullseye one more time it's like ah what are you doing tonight biz ah target practice
oh working on your shot oh yeah yeah you've got my pop shot
now that we got two of biz's major bodily functions out of the way uh maybe time to
talk about a little hockey boys columbus boston unreal monday in columbus the broins continued
to ride the red hot tucarask as he shot the blue jackets out three nothing in game six
to eliminate the blue jackets and move on to play a carolina hurricanes in the eastern conference
finals i mean the bees had a one-none lead, but early in the third,
it was still anybody's game, basically.
And then Bobrovsky, he was so great for all series,
and then he gives up that goal to Marcus Johansson.
That goes right through him, makes it 2-0.
Bacchus makes it 3-0 a minute later, and it was basically lights out.
I thought he should have probably had the first goal, too,
but Bobrovsky was brilliant all series, kind of pulled the worst time
to pull a disappearing act. But, I don't know, Tuukka Rask, man, I think we could talk about him all night, two, but he was brilliant all series, kind of pulled the worst time to pull a disappearing act.
But I don't know, Tuukka Rask, man, I think we can talk about him all night.
Awit?
He's just  I hope to God that they end up winning it for his sake
just to be able to shut so many people up.
Because when you look around the NHL and pro sports,
like there's certain good players in each league that kind of get a hard
time.
And you're,
you always wonder why maybe,
and their detractors would have a million reasons.
So that that's why it is.
But still Tukarask is somebody who's always gotten it in Boston.
I still have always said it's because Tim Thomas played this,
like,
I don't,
sloppy is not the right word.
Just like bizarre style where he was making these incredible saves,
and then he played, you know, the greatest hockey of his life
on that stretch and, like, won them the cup.
So people just always judge Tukorask on that.
And because you're big and skilled and smooth
and you make it look easy, people think you're, like, lazy
and he was sick that one playoff series.
So people have always had their reasons to hate him,
but the way he's played this round and this whole playoff,
I mean, he was really good in the Toronto series.
He was just out of this world in the Columbus one.
And so to see him get this gratification,
although the interview after the game, I don't know if you guys saw it.
He's sitting there and he's like, he's very like nonchalant in his answers.
He's like, you know, I just feel good right now.
I'm trying to stay out there.
Like he doesn't get ahead of himself.
I think he's dealt with so much bullshit in the past that he knows how good he is.
He believes in himself.
And right now it's showing.
Well, and right away he goes, we just stuck with it,
deflected it right away from him to his team and how they defended well.
Just a quick stat here.
In the four wins versus Columbus, Tuka Rask only allowed six goals on 137 shots.
He was excellent.
And, you know, I haven't followed the bees this closely because I wasn't involved in
this podcast really before this year.
I mean, last year a little bit, but I didn't get enough sample size
with Rask, and it was a little shaky in the Leafs series.
Whereas, like, this is his Mona Lisa, and he knows it,
and he's continuing the battle between the pipes,
and you guys said to shut people up.
And one thing that we haven't mentioned yet is how pivotal a moment
the McAvoy call slash non-call was,
and I think we're all pretty much in agreement.
It probably should have been a five-minute major
and a game misconduct and a one-game suspension.
Him only getting two there was huge.
Not to say that that was the only reason why Boston won,
but that's a pivotal moment.
Would you guys agree?
It was such a big moment.
And the thing that really shocked me was that when you saw it on the replay,
it was obvious.
I mean, it was an obvious check to the head.
And I think that it's really a thing where these guys are afraid
after the Pavelski incident.
And so these, you know, they see somebody,
and if they're not 100 sure that it was a check to the head,
they don't want to get embarrassed like the way it went down in that game seven.
So maybe that's part of it, but it was so obvious that I was just really surprised it was missed.
There was a ref right there, and he was right behind the play.
The play was skating at him.
So lucky.
I mean, what happens?
You get a five-minute major.
You could score as many goals as you want in that,
even though the Columbus power play wasn't great and the Bruins PK is awesome.
But still, it's a huge moment because it goes from that to two minutes.
McAvoy gets to play the rest of the game and boom, season over for the Blue Jackets.
What do you think about it, R.A.?
I was surprised he didn't get tossed out because, you know,
the head was the principal point of contact.
Now, like Charlie said, I think he was trying for a hockey check it didn't turn out that way it was an
unfortunate result but um i don't know if you guys saw kerry phrase's tweet but basically like i just
said to wit he had to the ref in that situation has to either give the two minutes for the
check to the head or they have to give him the match and toss them out of the game
and kerry fraser said that the refs actually prefer that that way there that it puts the
onus on the Department of Player Safety
to basically toss him out.
Because then, you know, like we saw what happened earlier
with the Cody Eakin situation with Pavelski,
you know, the refs threw the guy out where they probably
shouldn't have in that situation.
So I think the refs, they err on the side of caution.
So then if he deserves a suspension, well, here you go,
Department of Player Safety.
Boom, they gave him the one-game suspension.
Absolutely. I don't think we're going to have this problem moving forward because i think
100 they changed the rule at least the minimum in playoffs where where the ref will be able to
review that play because once again we've seen it affect um a series with washington and carolina
with the furland uh cody Eakin and Pavelski,
and now in game six where, I mean, still a pivotal moment.
Now, given the numbers that I was going to say earlier,
in the six games of this series that it had,
Boston led for 194 minutes of it, and Columbus led for only 48 minutes of it.
So, I mean, Boston controlled the play quite a bit,
and I think overall they deserve to win this series.
So to blame it on that one moment would be difficult,
but nonetheless, they could have maybe pushed it to seven games,
and who knows?
It just shows that the Bruins, they're not a one-line team,
but they really just go based on how that first line goes.
And you saw game five and six.
They can become
unstoppable at times.
When they're on,
they showed all year, they're like, if not the
best line in the league, one of them, one of the
top three. When they're on, they can't be
stopped. When they were off, it was dicey.
That's when Columbus took advantage.
We'll see what happens in the next
round, but when that unit's buzzing, it's like they just feed off each other,
and it's unreal to watch.
Well, it's funny you mention that.
In the last four games of that series, Patrice Bergeron was 62-28 on face-offs.
That's just under 69.
How are you?
In a collective 263 minutes playing against Patrice Bergeron,
Tavares, Marner, Panarin, Atkinson, Matthews, Jenner, and Duchesne
have been on the ice for a combined four five-on-five goals.
That is fucking nuts.
We talked about him potentially being banged up.
If it comes out that after playoffs that this guy was playing hurt
and doing that type of shit, put him
in the fucking Hall of Fame yesterday.
Like, what? That's fucking
banana lands. Yeah, absolutely.
I mean, Columbus, they had a 2-1 series
lead. They lost three straight and not so
coincidentally, Bobrovsky allowed three
or more goals in each of those last three games
and the Bs, I mean,
Duchesne and Panarin started off a house of fire,
but credit to the Bs for shutting those guys down.
They didn't really get much done the last couple games.
And just to go back to Rask for a minute, Whitney,
his numbers are outstanding in the series, 4-2, 1-7-1 goals against,
9-4, 4-8 save percentage, one shot out.
We know it should have been two because that other goal shouldn't have counted.
But in games four through six, his save percentage was a 9-6-5 and a 1-3-3 goals against.
But as far as why he gets the hate, I think the Thomas thing might be a little wits,
but I blame Felger and Mazin.
Look, I like Felger and Mazin.
For those of you not familiar, they're the radio guys.
Do you think they have that much of an impact?
I do.
I really do.
They're the biggest radio show in town.
People in this town, they're a little bit of sheep.
They listen to the radio. They're the biggest radio show in town. People are in this town. They're a little bit of sheep.
They listen to the radio.
They parrot what they hear.
And people around here are miserable, and they love being angry,
and they love putting that radio on and being pissed off, and it feeds it.
Again, I like Mike and Tony.
They're entertainers.
I dig what they do.
They've been generous to me over the years.
But I think that a big reason for the people blaming Rask has a lot to do with those.
And I completely agree with that,
and I think that's why a lot of people gravitate towards our podcast because we tend to keep it more positive.
Obviously, we've got to call a spade at spade at some point.
And just to touch on further on some of those numbers,
I mentioned how they were ahead most games.
They never trailed in games four, five, and six.
And through 13 playoffs games, the Bruins have led for 400 total minutes.
And between both series, they've only trailed for 125 minutes.
So they are like, although they've, you know,
they've been pushed to the limits with Toronto and then,
and then Columbus brought them to six.
They've been playing some very dominant hockey.
And even with some dips in play from the big boys early on that Columbus
series.
No doubt. The other story from this series boys early on that Columbus series. No doubt.
The other story from this series we need to talk about, Brad Marchand
and his tricks with the media.
This story, wow, I can't believe how overblown it got up in Canada.
It was kind of trickling down here in case you missed it.
But, Biz, what's the fellow's name who did the interview with the guy
with the buzz haircut?
Kyle.
He's got the great salad.
Listen, it was a situation that got blown away at a proportion.
A couple people who I completely disagree with said it was out of line
by him to ask that.
He asked a great first question, and he was very lighthearted in a follow-up.
Listen, I'm down a little bit with the antics where he stepped on the guy's skate.
Obviously not with the punch in the head.
I made that very apparent last episode.
But if you're going to do stuff like that,
the guy should have the right to just joke around about starting out.
Some people were like, well, not before the game when he's doing his skate around.
But you think Marshawn's not in fuck-around mode all the time
when it comes to the antics?
If you're going to dish it, you've got to be able to take it a little bit.
So I feel bad for that Kyle guy.
And then after the game, he got to interview him again.
I would imagine that the network kind of did that
to see what would be the follow-up.
And he was given the one-word answers to him again,
and then the locker room was a different story.
So I don't know.
I thought he was just kind of being a bit of a smartass.
What about you, Witts?
Any take on it?
I saw  all right, were you telling me it was like going nuts up there
and it wasn't and you're just saying that, or was it?
There was a writer from Montreal called him stupid.
He said, basically, I sent it to you guys.
He ended up deleting it, which means he probably shouldn't have sent it
in the first place, but he basically said, oh, I got it right here.
Where is it?
It was blown way out of proportion.
Thankfully for him, he can play hockey.
Probably not smart enough for much else.
I mean, now you're making personal attacks on a guy.
Some guys up there said he should be fined. I mean, now you're making personal attacks on a guy. Some people, some guys at the city should be fined.
I mean, I can understand biz.
Now, if you put yourself in Marshawn's shoes,
you're warming up at the biggest game of the year.
You're taking time out of your warm-up to go give a guy a minute or two.
And I don't know his relationship with this guy.
Any guy brings up a subject that, you know, that's all the time.
Buddy, Marshawn ain't a mental midget.
One question like that is not throwing them off his game.
Considering he's doing this types of stuff where he's stepping on guys,
sticks and game.
He's thinking about other stuff other than hockey,
but listen,
I'll concede that side of the argument.
He's preparing for one of the biggest games of his life.
And,
and maybe the guy should keep it strictly hockey,
but,
but like I said,
I lean more onto the side of a of he asked a lighthearted question.
The guy's been licking people's faces and stepping on people's sticks.
If you can't take a little question about his antics, then I don't know.
And the other thing, I would say that's not usually a spot
where you see those kind of things, though.
You know what I'm saying?
They're usually straightforward.
I understand that's a question you might ask after the game.
It just seemed like it wasn't the best time. if they're buddy buddy and they have that type of
relationship i get it but i can understand why marshall bristled a bit at it i mean i can get
so and then i'm going to concede that side of it where maybe that was his thinking but we'll never
really know because uh well if the people who went nuts about it i mean mean, relax a little bit. I think it's Kyle Bukowskis.
Bukowskis?
He's a nice kid.
He's the up-and-coming superstar of the
industry. He's the next fucking
what is it, Jim Nance?
Who's the superstar guy
down by the ice? He's coming
up like a firecracker.
I think he's doing a great job.
I thought the question, think about it.
We look for entertainment.
I think the question is like funny to try to get out there.
If Marshawn gave something funny, it's awesome.
Marshawn got pissed off about it and he decided not to talk to him.
And because of that, you know what?
Reporters can get pissed off.
Marshawn will then get ripped on by reporters who will be pissed off that he did this to them.
But he has every right to not talk
to him. I don't understand when people say
you have to talk to the media.
Dude, yes,
it'd be good to. I think it helps
sell the game. These guys are
making a living, but at the same time in the playoffs
if you're pissed off, you don't have to
do anything you don't want to. All I got to say
is if Kyle's listening
or hears about it,
just keep doing what you're doing. This is not even a blip on the radar. Keep that confidence
up. Cause you never know how that can affect someone on the major stage, right? He's still
young in his career where, listen, when I have bad days, even on the coyotes broadcast, sometimes
I'm like, fuck, I question myself a little bit. So I hope you don't. And, uh, you know, it brought
some entertainment and you created a shit storm. So Bravo, buddy. Exactly. And, you know, it brought some entertainment and you created a shitstorm.
So bravo, buddy.
Exactly. Kudos to him. I'm not, you know,
criticizing what he did. I think, like I said, it's great entertainment.
It's even more entertaining. People losing
their fucking shit over it. And for the record,
I felt this way for a long time about
the media and not having to play Tummy Sticks
with me. It predates the
Marshawn shit. But anyways,
fucking great series. Bruins are moving on to Carolina.
Well, I think there's one thing we got to talk about in that series left,
the handshake line.
And I love how Anderson went right up to McAvoy and was like,
bud, heat of the moment, whatever shit happens.
And one thing for you social justice warriors,
not much of them listen to this podcast.
But, like, it's a split-second decision it was an accident and the
fact that those guys can shake hands hopefully you people on on on social media can realize that
the game happens quick it's not always personal it just shit happens when when you're flying around
out there on the ice and it was nice to see those guys bury the hatchet right away and i love the
respect shown and that's why i love that handshake line best uh what do
you call it the best like tradition best one of the best traditions in sports yeah it was cool to
see and like you say it shuts a lot of people up too so that wraps up that series next we're going
to take a look at uh an all-time classic man Dallas St. Louis uh was an epic instant classic
game seven Tuesday night that went to double OT uh St. Louis beat Dallas 2-1, knocked them out of the playoffs
when Pat Maroon whacked a loose puck,
passed an absolutely incredible Ben Bishop, 5.50 into the fifth period.
If you missed it, Robert Thomas' shot hit the post,
went off Bishop's back, landed right behind him in the crease.
It was an easy tap-in for Maroon, but you had to feel terrible for Bishop, man.
52 saves on 54 shots, and to lose the game on such an unlucky thing, he did nothing wrong.
He played everything right, and he lost the game.
But at the same time, kudos to Maroon for getting his second dramatic game
winner of the playoffs.
Hometown crowd.
His kid was there.
Awesome scene.
Biz, what do you got, brother?
Well, let's back it up a little bit.
Let's go back to game six where fucking Dallas pulls out all the stops,
trying to naturally
boost their team's testosterone they put that missile launcher tits mcgee behind the bench
and i think every it's backfired every guy on the bench must have busted their nut other than
tyler second because he ended up scoring the goal he's used to seeing jammers like no because he'd
already had like seven out in the morning with her. Yeah, he probably had. He probably got her with the old pregame, after pregame skate.
They only end up mustering up 23 shots.
The game goes poorly for Dallas.
4-1, St. Louis goes back home for game seven, and guess what?
Not only did they not get the win in Dallas by pulling off that stunt,
they get mocked.
They got a grown man with a full beard in the exact same outfit
dressed as that girl that was behind the Dallas bench,
and now the St. Louis Blues are fired up.
I think after the first period until the end of regulation,
I don't think Dallas had four shots.
So it was a pure domination show by St. Louis.
They deserved to win that hockey game.
Of course, the storyline, Pat Maroon scoring in front of his kid,
unbelievable.
The whole city's erupted.
Very cool that he was basically  the St. Louis Blue were in battle
with the city's counterpart, Ben Bishop, who's from there as well.
So it was kind of like a St. Louis against St. Louis thing going on.
And he gets the goal post-game interview.
He gives, I think, Chicklets a little shout-out
with the TSN turning point comment while getting interviewed.
And then he gets a big hug by Jon Hamm going into the locker room.
Can you imagine?
How about that, Whit?
Jon Hamm, you could  after we talked to him, we could tell.
That guy's a diehard Blues fan.
So he's just fired up, I'm sure.
Glory is ripping in that locker room.
Last place January 3rd on to the Western Conference Final
where they will now face who they did last time they were in the Western
Conference Final, the San Jose Sharks.
So the series was exactly what we said before.
I think, I'm pretty sure we picked, did we all pick that series to go seven?
I picked St. Louis in six or seven.
I had Dallas in six, so I was double wrong.
I don't know what I was, so I was probably wrong.
But we knew how evenly matched it was, and it came down to the wire.
And, God, dude, have you ever seen a hockey game that's set up more
for the true heartbreak than that game where one team dominates
and dominates and keeps coming and never stops?
The other team can't even get a fucking shot on net,
and all of a sudden, you just wait
for Dallas to get that killer. It's like
it was setting up perfectly for it. A true
goaltender stealing a game,
and then just an incredible
move by Robert Thomas. This kid's
filth. Filth.
Two assists in game seven. I think he's 19.
I mean, that move off the wall,
it was sick. Usually guys go down the wall.
He cut back in on a dime and was like right behind Maroon.
And then just perfect shot.
Maroon gets the rebound.
And, yeah, seeing him, he's seeing his son in him.
That was so cool.
I actually remember a couple years ago he scored when he was on the Oilers
in St. Louis, and they showed his son.
So now he's playing there, and he's from there.
It's every kid's dream.
Every kid who's ever played hockey in St. Louis dreams of that.
Right.
And, all right, let's not forget, this guy took less money in order to sign a one-year deal in St. Louis.
Maroon got a little fucked over in free agency.
He thought he was going to get his big ticket this summer.
And I hope that  kind of like the Wayne Simmons situation, I hope that everything pans out
and they go the distance and he gets a nice little ticket and he'll have enough money
to hand over to that young guy.
One other thing I want to mention, and R.A.,
I don't know if you have the full story on this,
but there was a young fan in Winnipeg who got surprised
with Game 7 tickets, and they flew him down from Winnipeg.
Very cool story.
I don't know how the kid from Winnipeg became a St. Louis Blues fan,
but they flew him down, and I can only imagine that that game,
bringing him down there was a very special moment for him
and getting to see the hometown kid end it in double overtime.
Was that the little guy who got pretty emotional
and said, holy shit, a couple times?
I believe that's a guy.
They posted it to their instagram and how they
were bringing him down so i don't know if there was anything wrong with him and it was it was like
uh you know if he was fighting anything off so even if he just got all a's it was still a pretty
cool video like regardless of how he scored the tickets i i did see that and then going back to
maroon one of my favorite parts of the video obviously him hugging john ham was great and his
son but was the enthusiasm and all the teammates like you could tell if the teammates were as happy
that he scored as anyone because and they were all doing rig and they were doing like when you
you know when you drive by a truck and you pull the horn they were all doing like pretending they
were pulling a truck one in the room that that had me dying laughing and biz we'll actually i'll find
the picture i'll have granelli tweeted out There's an unbelievable picture of Bishop and Maroon embracing at the end of the handshake line.
And in behind them, one of the Ice Girls is skating by with the St. Louis City flag just as they hug it.
It's a fucking, you couldn't like plan the picture better.
So it's a tremendous photo.
We'll make sure we tweet that out so people can enjoy it.
And listen, obviously we've been a little bit St. Louis heavy and we have upshaw coming up we got to give credit to the
dallas stars they have a very bright future they got some young studs on the back end um
you know segan obviously stepped up from after the comments uh i mean heartbreaking moment for
jamie ben on that wraparound not being able to find the back of the net that one's going to haunt
his dreams for a bit.
Hey, you know, on the radio this morning, I heard Mike Johnson.
He's an analyst here on NHL Network.
And he was saying that Benn uses a pretty, like,
straighter than normal curve, straighter than most guys in the NHL.
And you'd think if he has a bigger curve, it'd be easier, you know what I mean, easier on that wraparound to get it into the post.
But it's still, like, for a second you thought it might have gone in because his pad was in the net
but it just hit the the knee where it was is you know his knee was outside the right because if
he's got a flat blade it eventually rolled off wherever if you have like a ovechkin toe curve
dipping the sauces crossing him on it um he could just scoop that right in so very unfortunate for
that group of guys. You could
see the heartbreak in the post-game interviews.
But Dallas fans, you guys are going to
have a good team for some years to come.
You got some good young studs in the lineup.
That Hintz had a nice breakout playoffs.
Is that how you say his name? Hintz?
Yeah, Ropey. Ropey Hintz.
Ropey!
Ropey!
He probably gets after it like a Finnish guy who just gets loaded.
Rupe! Rupe! Rupe's coming out! Yes!
Rupe, there it is! Rupe, there it is!
Oh, you're killing me.
Yeah, they only got four goals in the last three games of the series.
Just a goal each for Ben and Radulov.
They're the big guns.
And like we just said, I mean, Ben's going to be seeing that wrap around
with his nightmares all summer.
I just sent you guys the picture.
I mean, he had almost half of the net.
He had an opportunity.
He just  obviously, in that situation, you're rushing.
You're trying to fucking just jam it home.
But when he sees how much room he actually had, he's probably going to be sick.
Also, too, Jordan Binnington.
This was actually before last night's game,
fewest starts to the 30th career NHL win regular season and playoffs combined.
He's tied number one all-time with Freddie Anderson.
It only took him 39 games to get to 30 wins regular season combined.
How are you?
So this kid, he looks like a keeper, eh?
Yeah, and how about his just reaction of just having no reaction when they won and the overhead
shot of him legit looking like he's skating to the to the bench to grab a swig of water
oh funny thing i saw a tweet at us biz that said hey witten biz can you tell the people why guys
squirt out the water bottle right before they take a sip oh Some guys like me suck on it like a nipple. Yeah, because
Biz is fucking licking his lips
all over the tit of that. Get ready
for post game. And other guys are
fucking doing other. They're spitting
nasty shit all over
our Gary balls. You got to get
a little swig out. Pour some out
for the homies before you swig. So that's not
going to lie. I didn't even
squirt it out before I dummied it.
That's because I have a crazy immune system
because I'm used to collecting germs.
But listen, let's save a little bit more St. Louis talk
for our next guest, Scotty Upshaw.
Very excited to have him back on.
We talk about a little bit of his recovery,
but now his comeback to the National Hockey League.
We're all behind you, Scotty, and we're going to send it right over to you.
Love you, fella.
Right from your phone.
Ladies and gentlemen, we want to welcome back to the podcast
probably one of everyone's favorite guests, the man rocker himself, Scotty Upshaw.
And, of course, St. Louis is advancing to the conference finals and we had to bring our
buddy back on who used to play for the
St. Louis Blues basically an
insider for us on this interview
Uppy how you doing buddy?
Gentlemen it's absolutely
a treat to be back chatting with you
boys things are good on the west
coast the best coast
well I've noticed on Instagram
I don't know if you've been sending
it out on your main instagram stories but i'm a close friend of yours and i've been getting the
green bubbles and you're back on in full training mode buddy and you look like you're ready to
fucking go i am biz i am ready to rock i gotta tell you it's been uh it's been a long time coming
i put the wheels on for the last couple weeks. I've been skating.
Just feeling normal again.
Being able to golf, being able to dance, being able to skate.
It's everything that I miss, and it's nice to be back in full swing of things.
So I think since I last spoke to you guys, probably a couple months,
things have really been going good, and I'm excited to get back.
So now you're on full-on training mode. Where exactly are you training?
I noticed you of course been on the ice, but you have a personal trainer.
I do biz. I've been in a, so I live in Newport beach. As you know,
you've been to a few of the boys, uh, July 4th parties and whatnot. Uh,
so I'm living down here.
I got trainers that I work with at the, uh,
Scott Boris sports Institute for training uh a guy
chase latimer i've been working with for like five six years so i've been hitting up him and then
actually uh thanks to the anaheim mighty ducks i've been able to skate with uh larry baron and
their skating coach the last two weeks so i've been getting like one-on-one ice time with him
at their new rink uh which is it's brand new biz they just built like a five plex in irvine so the ducks finally got a nice uh wait you don't get stuck
in that anaheim ice there anymore you uh they got a nice skating facility for the boys so i'm there
like four times a week skating one-on-one and it's been uh it's been a real treat up dog you
mentioned it's scott boris's facility if he saw the contracts you had, he'd laugh in your face.
He's usually getting guys like Warren Sheets.
Oh, yeah.
You can't even get him on the horn.
It's trouble enough to get your agent on the phone.
You imagine only making 3 million, 4 million trying to get him on the phone.
He's got Bryce Harper, like 30 Sheets a year.
You're like, damn.
Oh, so he trains all types of high-end athletes?
No, he's the agent. He's the agent. He's the year you're like damn oh so he trains all types of high-end athletes he's the agent he's the agent oh he's the agent biz yeah he's the guy he's the guy working deals behind the
you know behind the doors which you probably you can probably use every now and then what the fuck
are you laughing at mike mike mike ronnell he's laughing at me because i didn't know who this
boris guy was like did you know he he was? He's legitimately the biggest.
He's number one biggest agent.
Number one biggest agent in the goddamn world.
I'm a trenches guy.
I don't give a shit about these big boys. I stick to the no-namers.
Your buddy works for him.
Your buddy works for him.
We went out in Kelowna, and one of your buddies was telling me how he's Boris' right-hand man.
Listen, no disrespect to Boris. I'm a peasant and i i stick to the peasant agents all
right so anyway back to uh back to our conversation here so things are going well for you things are
great man yeah things are good i just got off the golf course played golf with the boys today obi and
uh larry flowers my sticks are finally coming around i'm able to swing it make some birdies
wit you'd appreciate that.
It's all coming together. I'm feeling really good
and excited to have a good spring
ahead. I've actually never worked out this early
ever in my life, so I feel like I'm getting a head start
on the boys. Usually this is part
of the postseason bender.
On the links, any rust?
Any rust or what's going on there?
Oh, buddy, I fell over
a couple times when I got out there.
But now I'm back to full up dog.
Like, legs are moving well.
Hands are catching up.
I don't think my hands have ever caught up to the way my feet moved ever in my career.
But definitely, it's definitely a good sign when your legs start to come back.
And you really feel like the work you put in over the course of five months during rehab is paying off.
So I'm pretty happy with it.
So, you know, a bunch of your buddies with an enormous win last night,
crazy double overtime, Game 7, St. Louis Blues victory.
I saw you and Larry Flowers was a part of the origination,
or if that's even a word, of Gloria.
So how cool is it to see your buddies get a huge win?
It was amazing, Whit.
I know you're close with those guys too, even, you know,
there for a couple of camps.
They're unreal guys.
I've been in real, like, real close touch with them
over the course of this playoff run too, just because they're, you know,
they're good friends.
They mean so well.
They just, what they have going is is almost like that that america's
team right now you know blue collared like got a good story to them you know dead last in december
now like on to the conference finals waiting to see who they play with uh tonight with san jose
and colorado they're just you know they're just a good bunch of guys who work hard they have fun
they added o'reilly this summer who's an absolute man rocket weapon and, you know, best two-way center in the game.
So the pieces they added, I'm happy for them.
Chief, you know, I text Craig Berube after the first round.
We always laugh about just dumb shit all the time.
He's such a good guy.
I had him in Philly, and now he's there as the head guy in St. Louis
leading the charge.
And, you know, he's just fired up.
You can tell in these Instagram videos after the match when he comes in,
laughs with the boys, and shoots Maroon, gets Maroon to say some dumb shit
after the game, which is just hilarious.
You've got to love what they're doing.
It's happy.
I'm pumped to see them doing well, and it's nice to see.
Oppie, did you talk to any of the guys last night while they were still in the building tearing the place up last night?
All right, you're damn right.
We started a group message right after called Gloria.
Flowers started it.
It's just hilarious.
There's 12 guys on there all just fucking laughing, sending pics.
It's great.
I mean, in baseball, when these guys go like buck ditty
after they win these series you know they spray
champagne and they move on to the next one the the st louis blues that feeling is in the room
all the time they win games they fuck they celebrate they have fun and then they show up
to work and i would want to be the other team like san jose or colorado they know they're going into
a you know into a series next round that's going to be tough. I mean, you know, they're battling game seven.
Dallas, give them credit.
They played unbelievable.
Their defensemen were fucking awesome.
I mean, then their goaltending, Bishop, the way he played last night,
I mean, that's a good team.
And St. Louis, you know, beating them, I like them down the stretch.
I like what those guys bring, and I'm looking forward to next week.
Yeah, Polak was pretty good in that game seven. What like what those guys bring, and I'm looking forward to next week.
Yeah, Polak was pretty good in that game seven.
What do you got for him, Ari?
I mean, Uppy, are you as shocked as pretty much everybody else to see them in the Western Conference Finals
after they were pretty much dead as Dillinger back in January?
I can't say I'm in shock, Ari, because I know the guys in the room,
and we were used to it.
I mean, the group is used to winning, So it's like that vibe and that feeling,
even guys like Petro and Steiner and Vladdy, the leaders,
they're used to winning.
If you don't win, you know it's like a little tweak here or there,
just fixing something or just putting games behind you
and focusing on why you're a good team. What always, what always made you successful?
The energy they have, you're watching like Schwartzy and this fucking Robert Thomas.
Can we talk about this? This kid, he's unbelievable.
The way he holds on, he is from London. They're probably paying him.
He played for the Knights. He was making more money playing junior.
Well, he should have
because he's unbelievable
and he's actually carrying
that team right now.
The way he,
the way he handles
like the depth
in their lineup
and the way he controls pucks
and like has turnovers
like left and right.
I mean, it's having
big Patty Maroon
on his line.
Those guys are just tough
to play down low,
you know, tough team.
And I love it. It's great to see and these guys are going tough to play down low. Tough team. I love it.
It's great to see and these guys are going to be
weapons going into the conference finals.
Poppy, I'm kicking myself in the ass
because later in the season when
St. Louis came into Arizona,
that Thomas kid
was working the half ball on the power play. I'm like,
who the fuck is this kid? Of course, I saw
London Knight, so I knew he was fucking making more money
in junior, but I'm kicking myself in the ass because i forgot to mention him as as this like up and
comer that no one in the league really even knew about and he's kind of having his coming out party
although he did have a decent year statistically i don't know i always mess up that word but uh
he's really kind of becoming a household name now that of course they're moving on to the western
conference finals he's just a good kid and the way that the older guys treat him i hear he's
you know the boys like bertuzzo and and schwartzy they've taken them under his wing
under their wing and just like you know it's it's important to have guys like that to teach
these young kids who have all the skill in the world but need to know kind of what it's like
down the stretch you know when meaningful games are important and what it's like in the world but need to know kind of what it's like down the stretch you know when meaningful games are important and what it's like in the playoffs i mean uh and then you know what can
you say about another young sir binnington who's an absolute beauty great kid does well with the
ladies and he's just really right right whoa back that up dude he's off in his shit are you kidding
me you see these interviews biz he's got those nice eyes he's got as shit. Are you kidding me? You see these interviews, Biz? He's got those nice eyes.
He's got pretty solid flow, and he saves pucks.
He's winning games.
I mean, what else do these ladies want?
He's probably like me.
He probably fucks chicks with his nose.
He's got a big snout on him like me.
Yeah, but he can put that aside for a bit.
He focuses.
He's got his eyes on the prize right now,
and I think he's got one thing in his mind,
and that's taking this team to the Stanley Cup.
And he's sure playing like it.
So it's having a guy like that, a confident guy in the back.
I've said this before, but as soon as he won his first game in Philly
and had a shutout, I text him, and I was like,
buddy, you need to own this.
You're the fucking guy that's going to take this team in the right direction.
Be confident.
Be cocky.
Just be you because I know who he is,
and I know he's been waiting for his opportunity,
and now that he's got it and grabbed it,
it's something that everyone can kind of watch.
He handles himself so well.
He's confident.
He's calm.
He wasn't even celebrating after day one.
See how cool he was?
Well, fuck, he was probably dead tired.
I mean, he just played fucking 120 minutes off.
And he just made an enormous save on that Ben wraparound,
which was just a sick moment.
I mean, that looked like, as they showed the replay, I was like, man,
is that in?
Because his pad was in the net, and he just made this miraculous save.
That was unreal.
Is he always that weirdly calm like in every situation binnington
all right i i got to know him skating with him and biz up at that bio steel camp
and i was fucking going bar down on him every shot i was like i felt bad for all we
finally i'm like hey bud just keep your glove up a little bit you'll fucking you'll save me
every time i only know where to shoot.
I only know one place to shoot.
Fucking right under the bar.
So anyway, he's a good kid, and he was always at camp,
always wanting to kind of hang out with the guys and be cool,
and then the team would keep him around.
The one year we went up through the conference finals and played San Jose,
he was with us the whole time as our third string
and was just an incredible kid.
And you knew that those guys and quality people
are guys you want to be around,
guys you want to have on your team.
And you can just tell when this kid gets his chance,
if he plays well, he's going to have a long career
and a successful one.
And him and Jake, he was exactly what the Blues needed.
When Jake kind of started to fall a little bit, he picked him up.
And then those two were a great tandem down the stretch
when the schedule got tough.
They were a great tandem.
Updog, now you mentioned Schwartzy.
And, like, that guy's on the ice, just a ball of energy,
sick skill, making plays every time you notice him.
But I know you were rehabbing earlier in the year,
but he started off just dog shit. He couldn't do anything. Like, did you chat with him at any point? Did you notice him. But I know you were rehabbing earlier in the year, but he started off just dog shit.
He couldn't do anything.
Like, did you chat with him at any point?
Did you know what had happened in the beginning of the year?
Because he's just so good.
It was surprising then.
I think it was a little bit of a learning curve for most of their guys
coming into this season with the pieces they added.
Like, they added Perron.
They added O'Reilly.
They had some new guys in the lineup,
so there's some fresh faces.
They mixed around with lines, I think,
and that was the biggest thing I think Schwartzy
had to deal with was, you know,
he'd always been a guy that was...
Everyone wants to play with Schwartzy.
That's the thing.
He gets pucks.
He makes plays.
He's always, like, creating second and third opportunities from how hard he works.
So everyone wants to play with him.
Well, when they brought in O'Reilly and they added Perron, lines got switched.
All of a sudden, Swartzy, you know, he doesn't play well.
He goes down to the third line.
He's not playing with maybe the guys that, you know, he needs to.
And that kind of, to me, in a way, was kind of like, you know,
from the outside looking in was what was going on.
Then kind of games become powerful, meaningful, and he's a gamer.
He steps up.
He's been in all situations.
He's won championships.
He's been leaders.
He's been captain of the World Juniors.
That takes over.
Then you feed off him.
Now, again, everyone wants to play with Schwartzy.
Now he's a guy that can play anywhere in the lineup when you're down,
when you're up.
Great two-way guy.
And he's, you know, is this guy not the best tipper in the fucking world
right now?
This guy can go anywhere.
Like right under the bar, too.
Every tip is like perfectly placed.
So he's always around the net.
He's a great guy.
You can just see he never fucking stops or quits
and that is something you can't teach kids and it's either in you or it's not and that and that
guy is uh he's a workhorse right now for those boys uh upy since uh picking up delzotto at the
deadline and of course adding vince dunn full time is anybody else in the team getting laid
out of those two guys? Other than the usual?
Those guys are man rockets, and that Vince Dunn,
I mean, Del Zotto, I know
Del Zotto does well for himself.
He's a ladies' man, but that Vince Dunn
is one handsome son of a bitch.
He is. He is, Biz.
Well, since I left, I mean, there's a lot
of shoes to fill.
I knew that was coming.
So those boys, I mean, you know what? They have a great time, is what I said. A lot of shoes to fill. I knew that was coming. So those boys, I mean, you know what?
They have a great time is what I said.
A lot of good-looking guys in there.
They play in St. Louis.
I got to say, there's some good-looking girls in St. Louis.
There's not a ton.
There's some quality there.
But I'm sure those boys, once they carry on and win the Stanley Cup,
they won't have trouble finding anything for any amount of days for them to come.
Updog,
I'm really curious, what's
the Updog social calendar
look like? Any concerts, any
things coming up, any trips you're going
on? I mean, you've got to have a nice little summer plan
while also getting after it in the weight room.
Totally, Whit.
I just
actually, so my boy Flowers flowers who's beside me here actually
he flew in last week he's uh he is here for a week doing a little business doing a little uh
you know catching up with some girls that he left behind in hollywood so he uh he and i and a couple
other friends we had about 12 people went to a festival called Just Like Heaven. It was in Long Beach on Saturday. It was all, like, cool early 2000s, like, indie bands.
Phoenix.
Oh, Phoenix is awesome.
Yeah, Mike Snow.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's Beach House.
Hey, Uppy, these are all bands that you used to play in the locker room
when I first got to Phoenix, and I would download the music.
And then when you got shipped off wherever
it was i believe you went to what columbus i went from yeah for just a fucking cup of coffee
yeah i i would just play all the tunes that you introduced me to 100 yeah well someone someone
had to carry the torch as always in the room it's uh it's part it's part of the gig biz but you were
you were one hell of a fucking DJ I know that so anyway that was
a great time but other than that Witt you know what
I got a golf I got
the one big thing on my calendar this summer
is a golf trip that Mr. Alex
Steen put together for
16 guys
a bunch of blues and ex-blues
but we're all going up to Whistling Straits for a
three day Ryder Cup that's mid-July
so
if you didn't get your invite in the panel this year Witt you'll be coming next year Blues, but we're all going up to Whistling Straits for a three-day Ryder Cup. That's mid-July.
If you didn't get your invite in this year, you'll be coming next year.
I'll be up there in
mid-August. I'm sure I'll be seeing
some pitch marks close to some
cups and some long irons
in there with a little bite on them. I know that
for sure.
I got that. I don't have much planned, though, boys.
I'm trying to stick around,
uh,
building a house in California.
That'll be ready probably mid July.
Um,
so I'm staying here.
Um,
like I said,
I'm giving it one last kick of the can to be,
uh,
uh,
you know,
I think I,
I deserve it to myself to,
to treat this summer like a real working man summer.
So looking forward to that and,
uh,
sure.
We'll meet up along somewhere for,
for some
fun up he has for concerts uh do you have any preference musically or you see like any type
of show if you get a ticket to it i will go to any show ra um but i definitely have a i definitely
have like a vibe for for the music i like um my morning jacket Pearl Jam are like two of my favorite live kind of rock indie bands.
I'm going up to Red Rocks in August to watch My Morning Jacket play two shows.
Red Rocks is fucking unbelievable.
If anyone's never been there, it's a must-see venue.
I saw Odessa there two nights biz last year, and that was incredible.
I think we all know how good that band is.
A couple Doy partons what's the what's the deal with uh with red rocks like i i know it looks
but is it like built into the mountain or whatever it's a natural amphitheater width that
has been there it's been there forever and it's people go do the people like run the stairs in
the morning people do yoga oh it's all there like bring it open it's all public do the people like run the stairs in the morning. People do yoga.
It's all public.
You can go out there when the shows aren't on,
you can run up the stairs and do like hikes and workouts around there. They do, they do morning sunrise yoga sessions.
They, I mean,
it's truly like a breathtaking kind of just a spot in our country and to be
able to have an amphitheater there that just kind of plays
like up into the rocks and then from the distance you can see denver like you can see storms
building from like fucking miles and miles away it's awesome so it's it's cool when you're up
there and you're you know you're smoking the the colorado wacky tobacco and you're enjoying
yourself uh it's pretty It's pretty amazing.
It's a great venue.
Sounds like a place that R.A. needs to go.
R.A., I'll bring you there.
I promise.
I'll jot that down on my memo pad.
But another thing that I have on my memo pad that I forgot to ask you last time,
and when I played with you, obviously being the handsome guy that you are,
sometimes you deal with some stalkers.
And you specifically had one that they had to ask leave the arena.
Jim O'Neill had to get sent out in Colorado to ask this girl to leave.
Can you tell everyone about that stalker story?
Oh, Jesus, that goes way back, Biz.
But yeah, there was a, when Twitter and, so this was probably 2007, but anyway, this girl had a blog, like right as blogs became popular before Instagram kind of, you know, just as Twitter
was, you know, catching stride.
This girl had psycho hockey bunny was her name.
She had her own website and she used to write blogs like weekly and she would never mention
names biz, if you can can recall but this girl was
very detailed on the arenas she goes to i think she went to a mall and the game she watched well
it just so happens that all the games she watched were the phoenix coyotes and every seat that she
sat in was right behind our bench but she would never watch the game she would sit with a notepad
and she would literally stare at her notepad and stare at someone on the bench
for the phoenix coyotes and that person ended up being me and she i think she watched probably 40
games that year and finally we're in denver and this is after she was you know through her words
she was a very very smart writer biz a lot like yourself and she uh she would write she would write these like these scripts
of like cutting blonde girls heads off with skates and like like breaking her arms with hockey sticks
and like in detailed fashion so finally i was i had a girlfriend at the time i had to go to our
i had to go to our uh oh by the way I can see some dolphins out in the water, which is absolutely crazy.
I can see the ocean from my patio right here,
and there's dolphins fucking swimming in the ocean, which is crazy.
Anyway, back to the psycho hockey bunny.
She ends up in Denver and sitting right behind her bench doing warm-ups, and Jim O'Neill, one of the best guys around,
our security guy for Phoenix Coyotes, he's like, after warm he grabs me he's like this is it I'm gonna go we're gonna
interrogate her I got the guys from the Colorado Avalanche we're gonna uh we're gonna go in and
pull her into the room and they pull this girl into the room and they interrogate her and they're
like we know you're following a few of our players and writing like uh you know hateful things online about them you know it's
got to stop and she just held her face stone cold in an impressive fashion was like i have no idea
what you're talking about i just write things online that have no meaning no purpose no nothing
and jim o'neill like these guys have like guns and they're like you know a pretty intimidating
room to be in and this girl like held her composure and didn't do anything but i gotta say it was the last game she was ever at
and no other i mean the blog ended up going away washing away but it was a lot
wasn't that bad i i mean it wasn't that bad it wasn't that great so i don't know if we want to
give her above like a five,
but because she's a little crazy, we'll give her an extra one, maybe a six.
But she was something that  I mean, I had nightmares
because she'd just stare at me on the bench.
And I'd be like, this is crazy.
Poppy would be waking back, just stirring the pot.
If she was really smart, she just would have went to the hotels
and just waited for us in the lobby, right she was really smart, she just would have went to the hotels and just waited for us
in the lobby, right?
I think.
Absolutely.
But hey, that reminds me of another story of ladies by the bench.
Do you have any stories about you maybe picking anyone up in the midst of a game and then
potentially bringing them back to the Super 8?
Just throwing it out there.
To the Super 8.
To the Super 8.
One that you own.
I do have a hotel that I
own, Biz. And you know
what? There was one point in time
when I was younger that I
happened to look back
behind the bench to a girl sitting
there, beautiful girl,
with her son. And I'm thinking, oh,
this is a family. This is totally like, you know, beautiful girl with her son. And I'm thinking, oh, this is like, this is a family.
This is totally like, you know, this girl's here with her dad.
And so anyway, kid's cool.
He's like all happy.
We're scoring goals.
We're up like four nothing in Edmonton.
This is my hometown.
And I'm like, I should give this kid a puck.
But the real me at the time was like, before I give the kid a puck,
I should maybe tape like white tape around it,
write my number on it with black markers.
So the kid like can have an autographed puck,
but the girl can take the tape off with the number.
So the kid doesn't have to have my phone number on the puck. Correct?
Correct. Genius. Fucking genius.
Are you a veteran move?
It's a genius play.
So anyway, third period begins begins i have my trainer she's they're
sitting right right in the you know right in the hallway i have my trainer i'm like hey do me a
favor when you come out toss this kid this puck would you and he sees the number wrapped around
and he laughs he's like you're you're fucking hilarious up dog and anyway i skate out i flip
him the puck some fans kind of like looking at it and they're like, Oh,
that's nice.
That's nice.
And then they see the phone number and everyone starts laughing.
And the,
the,
the,
the girl sitting next to him,
completely red face,
like blushing,
just takes it off.
And it was,
I mean,
it was hilarious and it was smooth.
The only bad thing about that biz was McDavid.
I'm playing McDavid at the time.
And McDavid goes and scores a hat trick in the third period. And we ended up fucking losing in overtime. We were up three, not, only bad thing about that biz was mcdavid i'm playing mcdavid at the time and mcdavid goes
and scores a hat trick in the third period and we end up fucking losing in overtime we were up
it was a three nothing league because i had that jotted down on my memo pad and you guys blew it
because because it's all your fault it's a little while ago but anyway uh i end up meeting this girl that summer.
She's a great girl and a great, great kid.
So anyway, he's a good hockey player around town.
I'm sure he will remember that puck for a long time.
And the Super 8 just ties in there somehow.
We can leave enough up to the listeners.
You got Larry Flowers in the room with you.
That bar in Philadelphia, they were all tuning in.
The St. Louis Blues ended up posting it to their Instagram,
the watch party video of them celebrating that OT goal.
I mean, this has became national news now, this whole glorious situation.
And Larry Flowers was the fucking centerpiece to it.
Can you believe that, by the way?
I mean, it would only happen to flowers because he's fucking
he's the greatest guy and genuine and whatnot and the blues love flowers like it's been there
there is boys and anyway uh i gotta let him tell the story again but it's it's taken
fucking some steam and it is flying through the news articles. Boys, how are you? Thanks for having me on again.
Flowers.
Listen, these guys are going nuts.
The way this thing is blowing up is incredible.
These are all such good, good blue-collar guys, all South Philly guys.
And, you know, stuff like this doesn't happen every day. And they, this is the biggest thing that's happened to them in a long,
long time. They're really embracing it.
Like it meant a lot to them for me to bring some of the blues players to the
bar during the Eagles playoff game.
And they've really taken a loving to this team and it is full.
They are a full fledged St. Louis blues bar. Now they are,
they call themselves Philly themselves the Philly Blues.
They love it, and it's really a cool story.
They love it, man. It's cool.
Yeah, the bar's called the Jacks NYB, correct?
Yes, it's the Jacks New Year's Brigade.
It's a private members-only club,
and the whole point of the club is that uh you know during new year's
there's a big parade in philadelphia and they're part of that parade it's a big contest on who has
the best floats and all that stuff and they they do an unbelievable job they won the whole thing
uh this past year for the first time and gloria turned into their victory song and so when we
were there with all the blues guys you know they're playing gloria and and one of the boys uh
started saying started screaming play that play Gloria, play Gloria.
They loved it.
They thought it was such a fun song, and they just kept replaying it,
replaying it, and the Blues brought it back to the locker room,
and it just took off, man.
It's crazy.
And the winning continued.
And, R.A., you got something?
Yeah.
Larry, what's up, brother?
R.A. here.
What's up, brother?
It's like Philly getting pissed off all of a sudden.
There's a St. Louis Blues bar in Philadelphia? It doesn't
sound like something that Philadelphia would take too kindly
to. I gotta tell you, I think
they're more pissed off with this whole Sixers thing going on
right now. I don't think they're thinking too much about what's going on
with St. Louis Blues, but
you know.
But no,
listen, it's a really
cool thing for all these guys and their friends
and their families and their families.
Things are going completely viral.
They're selling tons of t-shirts, and all that money goes towards the club.
They do a lot of nice things with the money.
It's not just like they put it in their pocket.
They're selling tons of t-shirts, and they do good things with it for the community.
They're amazing guys, and it couldn't happen to a better bunch of guys.
It's a really cool thing. And I'm personally,
I'm so happy for the St. Louis blues. Like Upi said, I'm really,
really close with that whole, with that whole team. And I couldn't,
they're just, they're, they're so good. And they're good guys.
This is a nice stroke off session by Larry Flowers.
I've never, I've never, I've never been a part of an NHL locker room before.
I feel like I am now.
Yeah, just the after parties.
Larry, we've got to ask you a favor.
Can you have one more story to tee us up for Scotty Upshaw?
Give us a funny Scotty Upshaw story.
And put it back on the phone, but you've got to tee him up for it.
Funny up dog story.
Fuck.
You're trying to get one out of me, Ben,
but you were probably part of, aren't you?
Yeah, tell one that ends with Biz getting laid, Larry.
That's the one that Biz loves.
Never happened.
Oh, we'd have to go way back.
Oh, fuck you, Uppy.
Hey, I know you do well, buddy.
You're a talker.
It's like your profession.
You're a good talker.
That anteater gets worked. It's a good thing you're a good talker though let's be honest right i i i can't think of a
specific story off top but i can tell you this live flowers doesn't do any better ever than when
you're hanging around the up dog which is why i came out here last week i missed my boys and i
missed loops and obi and uh Uppy and I come out here
and anytime I'm around the up dog,
let's just say it's not that hard to meet abroad.
I would say Uppy and Loop are
walking residual kills.
That's all I got to say about it.
Even when I just went to that due west, I ended up
pulling one out of there just because their aura
was in there.
We want to say bye. We're going to wrap this thing up I ended up pulling one out of there just because their aura was in there. Well, we want to say bye.
We're going to wrap this thing up.
We want to thank both of you for hopping on and wish you guys nothing but the best in your run with the Blues,
and hopefully they can make it to the finals.
And, hey, maybe we all meet up in St. Louis,
and we can go rub elbows with Jon Hamm.
100.
Let's not rub,
rub cocks with him.
Cause he beats us in that category.
Thanks for coming on boys.
Hopefully see you soon.
That interview was also brought to you by Indochino.
Guys,
the best way to feel confident about yourself is to have a nice flashy suit.
And that's what Indochino is ideal for.
Indochino is the world's most exciting made-to-measure menswear company.
They make suits and shirts to your exact measurements for an unparalleled fit and comfort.
Looking to get married?
Indochino has tons of options for those looking to outfit their wedding party.
Guys love the wide selection of high- fabrics and colors to choose from, not to mention the option to personalize the details, including your lapel, lining, pockets,
buttons, and writing your own monogram. Here's how it works. You visit a stylist at a showroom.
There's over 40 showrooms in North America. You have them take your measurements personally,
or you can measure at home yourself and shop online at indochino.com. You choose your fabric
inside and out. You choose your design customizations,
submit your measurements with your choices,
and then you relax while your suit gets professionally tailored
and mailed to you in a couple of weeks.
This week, our listeners can get any premium Indochino suit
for just 379 at Indochino.com
when entering Chicklets at checkout.
That's 50 off the regular price for a made-to-measure premium suit.
Plus, shipping is free.
That's Indochino.com, promo code CHICLETS,
for any premium suit for just 379 and free shipping.
It's an incredible deal for a premium made-to-measure suit.
Once you go custom, you don't go back.
Thank you very much to the Up dog um i'm just happy that
he's playing golf i i said was there any rust out there he thought i meant him skating i'm like
no bro i didn't have the heart to tell you i just care about golf but thanks for coming on uh we
appreciate that and this is uh this was going on while we were watching a pretty special Game 7 in San Jose.
Man, Jose.
And what a win they got Joe Pavelski, Biz.
Oh, back in the lineup.
I mean, talk about getting the juices flowing,
a little bit of adrenaline in the system, especially for the fans, man.
That's their leader.
He's been there forever.
You know, one of the core members of that group.
And not only him back in the lineup, but him getting the start, too.
And when they called out his name, the fans went,
banana lands, that's a two count for this episode.
And boys are fired up, and sure as shit,
the guy ends up tipping one in early with.
The guy's a magician with that thing.
Best tipper in the league.
Well, second best, according to Scotty Upshaw. Because he's like Schwartzy in St. Louis. Well, either way, they're both in the league. Well, second best according to Scotty Upshaw.
Because he's like Schwartzy in St. Louis.
Either way, they're both near the top.
I'll give them both mad cred.
Mad cred.
I heard somebody get yelled at on Barstool Radio the other day
for saying mad Grinnelli.
Tough word to keep using like I just did.
But we're going to go.
Pavelski's assist then was just as nice, dude.
He's creating the entire time.
He looked great out there.
Like, usually you see rust a little bit.
No.
The guy came back, and he's the best player on the ice.
I've said it.
He's good at everything.
He's the guy that just drives you nuts, that just makes you say,
why can't I be more like Joe Pavelski?
So, incredible game.
Colorado got fucked, boys. Maybe, I mean, why can't I be more like Joe Pavelski? So incredible game. Colorado got fucked, boys.
Maybe, I mean, I don't understand.
I see all these tweets coming out in the NHL statement
that says that they decided that he never tagged up.
Like, I don't know, dude.
Is that what this rule is really for?
So I listened to Elliotteman talk about it and what he said was
because the the the offensive door which would be the forwards door is all the way inside the
offensive zone and that's obviously the way the building's designed in san jose when the puck came
back outside the blue line laniscag technically with the toe of his skate ended up touching up because that showed.
So he seems to think they got the call wrong. And obviously because the full gate is inside the San
Jose zone, he had to finally end up getting inside of it, which would have made him offside.
But considering he's a changing player, he tagged up. He's no longer a part of the equation.
So I don't know the exact ruling or definition on it.
The way Elliott Friedman made it sound was that they kind of got it wrong.
Like he technically touched up.
So some of you are going to tweet me that I'm wrong.
Some of you may, in fact, be wrong also by tweeting me that.
But that would have made the game 2-2 at the time.
And after losing McKinnon early and going down 2-0,
that would have been a big swing in momentum.
And then sure as shit, the goal doesn't count,
and then they end up going down 3-1 RA,
and they were really never, ever able to recuperate.
Yeah, it's brutal.
And like Whit said, that wasn't the intention of the rule
to have games swing on this.
It was such a bullshit thing.
He has absolutely nothing to do with the play.
He has no effect on it.
You know, it sucks that guys are getting screwed.
I mean, teams are getting screwed.
It's altering the future of these games, how these games would play out.
I mean, not only because I had money on Colorado, that's fine, whatever.
It would have been nice to see them tie the game.
But, yeah, it just sucks that these rules are fucking with people.
But we got to give a shout-out to Kale McCaw.
He had the assist on Gabriel Landisgaard's overtime game winner in game six,
by the way, that gave us a game seven.
He made a nice little pass to Landisgaard.
He earned 107,500 performance bonus for playing in 10 playoff games.
Tonight was the 10th game, but his assist led to the tie and goal,
so he got a nice fucking bonus from himself.
Holy shit, that's better than Paisley's
empty netter. Or no, it's not.
How much did you say?
107,500.
Paisley's empty netter was worth, what,
500,000. That's crazy.
Even 120,000, that guy's going to go
spend more money on training with it.
Hey, Colorado's got a couple
years here where
they're going to be unreal.
They're going to be very good.
That McKinnon is a full-blown video game, and he's making like 6 million.
I know.
It sucks.
I mean, you've seen with the Bruins.
I mean, Bergeron, he started it.
They all make like 6 million, 7 million.
So, if that's going to be the case in Colorado, I mean,
what a team they're going to have,
especially they got the high pick this year because of that Ottawa trade
for Duchesne.
And just going back to the gate changing thing, I'll tell you this.
I might've been a dog shit player,
but I never went to the middle of the bench.
I would always stay by the gate.
And sometimes my line mates hated it, but I said, Hey, two things.
I play four minutes
i'm gonna make sure that gate's open for every single guy who's playing legitimate ice time up
front i'm gonna make sure there's a water bottle if they need it and if my line mate wants to get
mad about it just shout down when it's our turn up and i'll make sure i do not miss the shift
sometimes they would forget to let me know and they'd be in the middle and then we'd have four
guys out there and tip would be like,
what the fuck are you doing?
And I'm like,
Oh,
I was worried about the gate coach.
Fuck.
My heart rate would be already one 80 starting my shift.
So I was really fucked.
That was usually a 10,
15 second shift for me.
I didn't go longer than 20 though.
Uh,
but,
uh,
the bouncer,
the bench,
basically I was buddy.
I was the bouncer,
the bench.
I was one thing I was good at.
You can ask any, any team it had.
And also by doing it, considering I only played four or five minutes, it kept me involved
in the game because every shift I was making sure when guys are changing, coming off.
So never was I just sitting there like the players who were filtering through the bench
when Lannis Gog was looking for the gate latch, that door would have been open.
I would have had my fucking  my Cane Brands CBD lotion ready
for his foot rub.
He would have been sucking back on Gatorade water.
Christ, if he wanted a concoction of half and half,
I would have had that going for him.
If he needed a sniffer, it would have been under his nose,
and I took care of my boys.
So avalanche bench, man.
Come on.
Wake the fuck up.
Let's go.
You were like clanging and banging, but that's not like being physical on the ice.
It's actually just clanging and banging the iron from the bench.
Correct.
Yeah.
Correct.
It was always open.
And, boys, I think it would be a disgrace if we didn't mention Tomas Hurdle
in the last.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, he had two tucks the other night.
He has a goal and an apple in this one.
This guy, they're firing on a lot of cylinders.
Yeah, he's got four points in game sevens already this playoffs.
And I just want to give actually a little shout out to Colorado.
They played to the fucking bitter end, man.
I mean, they almost tied that game late.
They were scratching and clawing trying to get that thing tied up.
But like you said, their future is bright.
I mean, Nathan McKinnon,
I don't know if he just didn't train too good for a couple of years.
He kind of, you know, fell off a little, but whatever,
whatever words of wisdom Sid Crosby gave him, they worked wonders.
And this kid's a fucking treat to watch.
And I'm looking forward to watching Colorado in the future.
How about Mark Hedwood Vlasic?
He had three goals in 72 regular season games this year.
He's got three goals in 11 playoff games already,
including two the other night.
It's great to see defensive defensemen, guys who, you know,
sometimes go unheralded, get a little glory,
getting a couple cookies this time of year.
Well, that's when you know things are going right for the San Jose Sharks.
Not only are they firing on a lot of cylinders,
they got a guy like Vlasic chipping in offensively.
He ended up having two tucks.
He had two tucks in one game, correct?
Yeah, game six, yeah.
Was it game six?
He had two tucks?
Hey, and in this redemption story from early in the playoffs,
very early now that you look at it,
but Martin Jones' career game seven numbers now,
3-0, 1.82 goals against,
and a 931 save percentage.
That guy shows up in the biggest moments.
So he's been exactly what they've needed,
and they've gotten timely scoring, Kutcher's unreal there.
They are a good team, and I think like them and St. Louis
is going to be an unreal series.
I don't know who I'm picking yet.
I don't know who I'm picking, but it's going to be a battle. Hey, real quick, guys, I just want to talk to you for
a second about Quip. It's time for spring cleaning and Quip's got an easy way to start with your
brushing habits. Just two minutes twice a day can help pave the way for a healthier mouth and mind
with the Quip electric toothbrush. The whole family can get refreshed with Quip. The new kids
Quip has the same two minute timer and guiding pulses as the original version with no childish gimmicks. So they can
brush just like a grownup. They have the sensitive sonic vibrations for an effective clean that's
gentle on your sensitive gums. Also has the built-in two minute timer that pulses every 30
seconds to remind you to switch sides and help you clean your whole mouth evenly. Because up to
90 of us don't brush for a full two minutes or they don't clean evenly.
Also the brush heads are automatically delivered on a dentist recommended
schedule every three months for just 5,
a friendly reminder when it's time to refresh and stay to committed.
I'm sorry. And stay committed to your oral health.
75 of us use old worn out bristles that are ineffective.
Also Quip is one of the first electric toothbrushes accepted by the American Dental Association, backed by over 25,000 dental
professionals, and they have thousands of verified five-star reviews. I'm a big Quip guy because I'm
forgetful Jones. I forget stuff all the time. When I get those little pulses, boom, I know what to
switch over the other side, so I got my whole mouth clean. I love Quip, and there's over a million happy, healthy mouths that do as well.
Quip starts at just 25, and if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets right now,
you can get your first refill pack for free.
That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets.
Yeah, do you want to jump into that preview now?
Might as well.
Might as well.
Seeing as you brought it up in the season series, St.
Louis, San Jose, the Sharks beat the Blues in two out of the three meetings.
As far as playoff series, the Blues are two and three all time versus the Sharks.
They lost the Western Conference finals of them back in 2016 in six games.
I haven't checked the odds yet because the game literally just ended.
But geez, I haven't even I odds yet because the game literally just ended.
But, geez, I don't even know who I'm going to pick. This is another coin flip. It seems like every series St. Louis is in is a coin flip. They're so
well evenly matched. Biz, what's your take on this series?
I'm going to predict that St. Louis wins this series in seven games.
I think right now, yeah. On the road. They're going to win on the road
game seven. I think that there's
a lot of things going really well for them right now um i mean i really have no no
no positives over the over san jose this is such an evenly matched series both teams are playing
very good hockey um Come back to me.
I don't even know what the fuck to say.
Dude, that's the thing about predicting and talking about this type series.
Nobody out there has a fucking clue who's going to win this series.
Anyone who tries telling you the Sharks are going to win
because they got the two best D in the series
or the Blues are going to win.
Tarasenko can't be covered by anyone.
Shut up.
Nobody knows.
These two teams are both nasty.
They're both playing great.
And by the way, I think that St. Louis is easily the number one team since January 3rd when they were in last place.
San Jose has got to be up there.
They struggled a little bit at the end of the year, but, man, they played great.
So I think that it's completely evenly matched.
For some reason, I think on paper, San Jose is probably a better team,
but I'm going with St. Louis too.
I think St. Louis wins the series.
Something's magical going on around that team.
So Sharks fans are just loving life
right now. And a quick reminder
too, I picked both those teams to meet.
I picked San Jose to win that
Colorado series and I finally got
a few right.
R.A., what do you think?
R.A.'s got the juice this offseason.
Yeah, although
you slowed down a little bit, didn't you?
Yeah, I went 2-2 this last round.
I had Boston and Carolina both won,
but I lost both my picks out west.
I think I went 3-1.
I did actually make a spot move before
last night. I'm sorry.
Tuesday night's game, I did put some money
on...
Who the fuck was it?
I put money on San Jose
and St. Louis late.
They were 5-1.
I put some dough on.
So basically, I'm guaranteed to cash a ticket after the Stanley Cup.
It just depends on how much.
So I put 1,000 on each of those two.
So a little bit of a hedge to pay for a Colorado ticket.
So I'm going to make some sort of money.
It might only be a couple thousand.
If the Bees or Carolina wins, it'll be substantial.
But back to the lecture at hand,
San Jose, St. Louis.
San Jose gets the edge on D.
I mean, they got Burns and Collison. I know how good
Petrangelo is and
Perico is good, but Burns and Collison
are Burns and Collison, so San Jose gets the edge there.
I think the forwards
may be a wash. They got some high-end
talent with both guys. I mean, what fucking Hertel and Couture are doing right now
is absolutely unbelievable, but I think they're pretty even.
And the goalies, I'm inclined to say they're a wash,
but I might give a slight edge to Bennington
just because he's been so fucking light.
It's close.
He hasn't had really any blemishes where, again, I'm not picking on Jones,
but earlier in the playoffs, he did get pulled twice.
Bennington hasn't.
So I'll give a slight nod to Bennington.
But I like St. Louis.
I didn't pick either one of these teams yet,
so I have to pick against one team three separate times,
and I'm sorry it's San Jose.
But I'm going to go with the St. Louis Blues in six games.
Wow.
No one, I mean, other than if Grinnelli were to go for San Jose.
But, I mean, that was a pretty good breakdown, R.A.
The reason why I couldn't even think of anything to say is because I think they're evenly matched all the way through.
And in defense, people might argue that, you know,
they got Burns and Carlson.
But I think that the overall team defense
and the depth of St. Louis defense
outweigh maybe the riverboat gambler style
of Burns and Carlson.
And like I said, I'm crazier about St. Louis' depth.
And not only that, but St. Louis' overall team game defensively
in order to limit shots.
I mean, you saw what they did against Dallas.
And I think that that's going to continue.
And to me the the the better
overall team D and including maybe a minuscule advantage in net because of how Jones has been
playing as of late would would go to St. Louis and that's why I'm picking them in seven games but I
think this is going to be a heavyweight bout and I'm I'm extremely excited to see how this one turns out. It doesn't really matter in the end because whoever moves on,
it'll be a great storyline as long as the Bruins move on
because I hate to say it, Bruins-St. Louis is unreal.
They played in 1970, correct, R.A.?
That is correct.
So, right, St. Louis has never won a cup would be unreal going in
Bruin San Jose are you kidding
me Joe Thornton going for his
cup against a team who stupidly
traded him away
if Carolina gets it done man
storyline storyline takes
a little bit of a hit people aren't going to like me
for that I'm just being honest
what's the pick in how many
games I said St louis i'm going seven
i think they went on the road like this game seven hey fellas before we get to the next series i want
to talk to you about ship station as you know here at bostel we love us some merch here at
chiclets we're always throwing out some new t-shirts fly some new duds but to be honest
shipping out merch to you guys is a pain in the ass
and it's frigging expensive.
When should we use UPS, FedEx, the post office?
It's confusing as hell.
But then we found out about ShipStation.com.
It's the number one choice of online sellers like us.
The fastest, easiest, the most affordable way to get your barstool merchandise.
And with ShipStation, you can ship out a lot more stuff
in a lot less time for a lot less money.
ShipStation helps get orders out quickly and keep our grumpy-ass customers happy.
Whether you're selling on your own website like us or Amazon, Shopify, Squarespace, Etsy,
or over 90 other popular selling channels, ShipStation brings all the orders into one simple interface,
making them really easy to manage from any device, even from your cell phone.
interface, making them really easy to manage from any device, even from your cell phone.
ShipStation helps you figure out the best way to ship every package and create shipping labels for all the top carriers, including UPS, FedEx, USPS, and even Amazon Fulfillment. They even offer
discounts on shipping costs, the same posted discounts usually reserved for Fortune 500
companies. Right now, try ShipStation free for 60 days when you use the promo code CHICKLETS.
There's absolutely no risk.
You can start your free trial without even entering your credit card info.
Don't wait.
Go to ShipStation.com.
Before you do anything else, click on the microphone at the top of the homepage
and type in CHICKLETS.
That's ShipStation.com.
Enter CHICKLETS.
ShipStation.
Get ship done. All right uh we got our predictions in we got one more preview to look at carolina boston uh by the way that there are the lines
aren't up yet for uh st louis and san jose so i can't give any odds on it what's up biz uh there's
one more thing i wanted to mention i forgot to mention earlier in the episode with columbus going
down and the islanders in the first round i may have said this last episode, but that makes it five in the new,
what is it, turn of the century?
Is that how I say?
The new century.
The new century?
21st century.
Yeah.
Where a team who has swept a team in the first round has gone on to the next
round to meet a team that went seven games and got beat.
You know, you think, oh, all that rest they have, and they just swept a team that went seven games and got beat you know you think all all that rest
they have and they just swept the team things are going great no oh and five now those teams are so
very interesting stat and one to uh keep in mind in futures bets yeah speaking of futures bets i
just looked at my account just to see if there was a lineup and i was way down i was like holy
shit i thought because i had my colorado future my Colorado series bet, and my fucking Celtics future all got posted tonight.
So it's pretty ugly right now, but it's all right.
At least it's not Sunday night.
I was going to say, wait, I got Friday, Saturday, and Sunday to catch it all back.
Typical degenerate.
All right, boys.
Carolina Boston.
Hey, you know what?
Ten years ago today, boys, well, fucking May 8th,
I got married down Aledo Key,
Sarasota. The week of, we were
all down in Florida. The Bruins were playing Carolina
Hurricanes in a second round matchup.
Here it is, my 10th anniversary. The same
two teams are meeting again in the playoffs
for the first time since I got married. Just a
weird little fucking side note.
It's the fifth time the franchises have squared off
in the playoffs and the third since
Hartford moved down to Carolina.
Bruins beat the Whale twice, 90-91,
and then they've split since the two series in Carolina.
But it's the first time these two teams have played each other
for the right to go to the Stanley Cup final.
Former regional rivals in the season series,
the Bruins won two of the three matchups.
On the gambling side of things, the Bees are a 7-8 favorite.
It means you have to put up 160 to make 100 on the Bruins,
or you put up 100 to make 140 on the Canes.
Of course, the Bruins are going to start the series without this stud defenseman,
Charlie McAvoy, suspended for a game for a check to the hit to the head of Josh Anderson.
That's going to be a big loss.
Biz, what do you got shaking on this one, brother?
Bud, if you think I'm betting against
I know I've bet against Boston twice.
I've picked against them in the first two rounds of playoffs.
And Boston fans are probably like,
no, Biz, pick the other team, pick the other team.
But there is not a chicken dick's chance
that I can pick Carolina in this series.
All signs point to Boston.
The only snowball chance in hell that Carolina wins this series because,
guys, come on. Even if you're a Carolina fan, you can't think that you have the advantage.
And if you had to bet your life on it, you're going to think Carolina wins.
Unless you're going to go on that sure bit of hope that that team camaraderie and that magic
that's going down in Carolina is going to overcome the Boston Bruins. That that magic that's going down in Carolina
is going to overcome the Boston Bruins.
That's all that's going to do it.
Carolina's a little bit banged up.
I know they've been playing unbelievable as a team,
but guys, Boston is built to win a fucking championship.
This wasn't supposed to be Carolina's year.
They brought it this far.
I think the magic runs out, and I'm not trying to be negative.
And if they end up winning, I have no skin in the game.
I don't care, other than the fact that we might have went to another viewing party in Boston,
and I might have had another weekend where I drank a thousand drinks,
and I don't need to talk about that other shit that went down.
I don't need to talk about that last-minute talk that I had
where a girl was messaging me naughty things and saying, can i come over to your hotel room and suck the
dick off your torso i don't want to talk about that i don't need to talk about that i don't need
to talk about her sending me pictures on via dm when it was in her thong it had degrade me written
and then she sent that over and that was the, and sinker that might have made me miss my last fight.
She wrote grade me?
That's the call.
It said it on the thong, and that's when I'm like, Jesus Christ, I might miss that free meal on that first-class ticket
that New Amsterdam Vodka bought with the Pink Whitney sales
going through the goddamn roof at whatever fucking place we were at.
I don't know, man.
But that's your rundown.
Are you guys  is the magic in Carolina going to deprive me
from another weekend of getting my ween sucked off?
Come on, man.
There's no way.
Don't do it to me, Hurricanes.
Biz, I mean, I think that, like, at this point,
the Bruins just have to win to get you back into
town i i mean they'd be selfish not to who wouldn't want to see you just go dark again
for a couple nights just a dark dark place by my liver like no for the love of god please
oh god uh i don't see how carolina can beat the bru. This is like, as I'm saying this, I see, you know,
I just could picture this clip being played back when Carolina wins,
but I just don't see it happening.
It kind of reminds me of when Pittsburgh got them in the conference final,
I think, in 2009, and they kind of just worked them over.
My pick's Boston in five.
I think Boston's a way better team, and just seeing that first line,
like if they're going to continue from the last two games of that series,
which, I mean, I'm guessing they're all feeling healthy now.
Fuck, look at them.
Are you kidding me?
They're snapping around.
It's like a circus.
So I think that Carolina has to at least split on the road.
If they get beat on the first two games in Boston, look out.
Yeah, man.
I know, obviously, Bruins home, blah, blah, blah.
I've fucking been hearing it for three weeks now.
I mean, it's only in my Twitter handle, RearAdBeesBlog.
But, yeah, I mean, the Bruins, they're just a better team.
They got better D.
I know Slavin and Hamilton have been unreal,
but the Bs got slightly better decor overall. They certainly
have way more experience. They got better
forward depth. Tuca's probably the leader
in the clubhouse for the Conn Smith right now.
I think the Bruins smell blood.
They know the time is now. This is
their window. I mean, Carolina probably just
opened up their window, but the Bruins know
they're not going to get many more chances like this.
Too many kicks at the can.
Bergeron, Chara, Krejci, Tuka, Marchand, all these guys,
they've been a core for a decade now.
And this could be their last shot at a cup, and I think they know that.
I think they're going to come out hungry.
I think they're gelling perfect, and I like the Bs in five myself.
I completely agree with the comment that this is probably
their last kick of
the can.
Like things aren't going to be as good.
Like there's got to be some point of deterioration for Patrice Bergeron,
although he is crushing pints out of the fountain of youth because this guy
isn't slowing down.
I gave the numbers earlier in the podcast,
but I mean,
I'm going to pick Boston and seven and give Carolina the band for the doubt
and say that the magic is still there.
I just don't think it's enough to overcome the Goliath,
which is the Boston Bruins compared to what Carolina is working with.
And I go back to it.
They're banged up a little bit.
They got some guys out of the lineup.
Yeah, great point, Biz.
It is so true that next year Tampa's coming back with a vengeance
Toronto is going to be good Florida has Quenville they're going to be good they're going to get
free I guarantee the Panthers are good next year with Joe Quenville behind the bench and uh so yeah
this window is is coming shut it's going to be shutting very soon if it's not this year. I just think
they're just a better team. All right, what about
Kevin Miller? Is he out for the playoffs?
I reported before the playoffs started that
he was out for the entirety of the playoffs. Some people
disputed my report. I stand by it.
He won't be playing at all.
That's what I've been told. I know
people doubted it, but we haven't seen
him. I don't even know if he's been skating.
I wouldn't expect to see him for the duration of the playoffs.
Yeah, he'd be making a difference,
even with the solid play they're getting.
But yeah, it's going to be fun.
I know me picking the Bruins at five
sounds like I got zero respect for Carolina.
That's not true.
I just think that it's early in their run
and what they could do in the next few years
and Boston's a better team.
The one thing that Carolina does have going for them is the fact that I've bet against the Bs
both in the first and second round, and now I haven't.
Might have mushed them.
There might be an East Coast mush because I got both of my picks wrong in the second round on the East,
and I might even got everyone wrong in the first round.
So,
you might have given the biz curse.
Sorry, Bees fans. I want to come back.
Don't blame me. We'd love to
have you. I mean, Witz will tell you, there's no better
time than when the Bruins are going this deep
on a huge playoff run. The weather's getting better.
Everybody's just in a good mood, partying,
boozing. I can't wait, man. I'm going to be able to
get to go to every fucking game. I'm psyched. You're going to Carolina? I mean every home game. That's just in a good mood, partying, boozing. I can't wait, man. I'm going to be able to get to go to every fucking game. I'm psyched.
You're going to Carolina?
I mean every home game. That's what I meant.
Okay.
Would a Spittin' Chicklets podcast
be complete without a quick
Arizona Coyotes plug?
Richard Ponick scored one of the sickest
shootout goals that I've ever seen.
I've watched it probably
56 times. I still don't even understand how he did it.
And if you haven't seen it, go on Twitter or Instagram.
Did we post it to our Chicklets account on Instagram?
Yeah.
Go check it out.
He comes down on the shootout, and in one quick motion,
it looks like he's going to flip his stick over
and just toes it right between the goalie's five hole,
caught him sleeping.
Must have had a bam-bam.
And check it out.
That's all I got to say.
As far as the gambling corner, I'm not taking the Bruins.
They're 160.
I do like them to win the series, but I'm not going to lay that price,
especially where I have a future to win the cup already on them.
And San Jose, St. Louis, the line's not out yet.
I personally think it's going to be a pick-em.
Maybe San Jose might be a tiny bit of a favorite,
but I'm going to take St. Louis in that series.
I'm going to take them for, fuck it, we'll say five units on St. Louis,
and we're going to take them in game one as well for two and a half units.
I was just going to say, I just have an itch and a gambling itch
that I would take them game one in the tank.
Yeah, yeah, you can jump on board with me, Biz, if you want.
I'm not afraid of you.
Absolutely not.
Just wear a rubber.
I work too hard for my money.
All right, boys.
Any other notes for the weekend?
Any other?
I have a few things.
Well, Ken Holland got hired by the Edmonton Oilers, boys.
We can talk about that.
Before we get into the whole hockey side of it,
just be careful sometimes what you initially write on Twitter.
Apparently that Daryl Cates, I was unaware of it.
Obviously, I saw how rough he looked at the press conference.
He's been dealing with a deadly bacteria virus in his sinuses.
He's gotten four or five surgeries.
He still has one surgery to complete. It looked like his face had been stung by bees but like don't always be the one
to shotgun when ripping a guy of someone's appearance listen i'm not the the knight in
shining armor either sometimes i've done it just be weary so you know you know prayers go out to
him hopefully he can get through this thing i don't know how serious it is still,
but he's been walking around with like an IV bag and this shit's pretty serious.
How about Ken Holland?
Like I, well, how old is he around 60, 63, 65?
Great.
Yeah.
I think, I think he's in his early sixties.
All right.
Either way, the guy's done it all.
He's like hall of famer.
He's one of the best GMs of all time.
He had a deal making 3 million a year for the next three years with the wings.
This guy's got plenty of money.
Credit to him and his work ethic, dude, wanting to go do this.
I know it's a lot of money, dude, but that guy doesn't really need it, I'm sure.
And I just know for myself, 63, I'm swinging him every day,
winter down south, summer up north.
I will not be GM of the Edmund Troilers,
but this dude just wants to win.
He's a competitor.
He's done it before, and he'll see if he can do it again.
It would be an unreal story.
I don't know much about him behind the scenes.
He seems like a pretty level-headed, calm, and collected guy.
But that move screams to me,
oh, you thought the last one might have been a fluke?
Let's fucking roll, baby.
I'm going to take this shit sandwich in Edmonton,
and I'm going to turn it into chicken salad, baby.
Yeah, it's a professional challenge to him
to take a team that's an absolute fucking mess right now,
roster-wise, salary cap-wise, but also has the best player on the planet,
into let's craft this into a winner.
Let's make a champion out of this, almost like mold and clay biz.
And I think it's great.
It's a great challenge for him.
He did a tremendous job in Detroit.
Obviously, he had great players.
But you also have to get the other players to come in and play with those guys.
So I'm interested to see how he does it.
I'm glad that he's there because anything's better
than what they've been doing up there.
Yeah, and also in my comments, don't think for a minute
what he did in Detroit was anything to sneeze at.
He sustained the test of time.
But you know there's always some goofballs around there
who are like, oh, he inherited good teams.
They drafted well.
No.
Let's see if he can do it again.
I bet you he can. I'm excited for
the Edmonton Oilers. They got a little bounce
and then Hitchcock's not coming back.
Who the fuck did they go get as head coach, guys?
Yeah.
Shit, who's out there?
I don't think...
I think they should make a stab at going
someone young and
up and coming.
I think that they should do one thing and talk to Connor McDavid about what he
thinks. That's all I think they should do.
That's a good idea.
That he's cool with whatever you're doing.
That would be my, my thoughts. The Edmonton was brass.
This I'm sorry. Wait, what's your, what do you, let's switch gears a little.
What's been your take
on game of thrones lately there's been a lot of pissing and moaning about it i know we haven't
caught up i i wanted you i don't watch that do we have to talk about game of thrones it takes over
twitter for three days a week it's painful fuck that like i don't care what the fuck you're
watching that much i don't care that they forgot a starbucks cup whatever coffee cup on some table in the
medieval times who cares i don't know how people cared that like people didn't care about that
coffee in my eyes after reading twitter on a fucking monday cared about that you have problems
i i mean i i like this show like i'm so when when I hear people arguing, I think it's the weirdest thing.
It's just, I don't know.
I'm not like that diehard
where I'm dissecting every little last thing.
I've enjoyed it.
I think that it's been fun.
Maybe not as great as the seasons before,
but still entertaining as fuck to me.
I just want to see who gets that throne.
One thing we haven't mentioned that I kind of want to talk about,
and since we just were on the topic of GMs,
was Yarmou in Columbus's post-game comments about Panarin and Bobrovsky
basically had the tone of, fuck them.
They don't want to be here.
Let them go.
I tried to sign them for a while now, and if you don't want to be in Columbus, I don't care about you.
I'm just focused about growing this team back.
And I mentioned before, I wouldn't have done what he did
because I feel like the move was holding,
and I know he didn't want to be a pussy and keep saying,
oh, fuck, look at them.
They almost made it again.
But I got to respect the huge sack on the guy for trying it
and put him in the wheelbarrow and acquiring all those guys at the deadline.
Yeah, it feels like they made actual progress too this year.
I mean, obviously, they never won a series, so anything would be progress.
But, you know, it sucks that they're going to lose,
well, potentially lose those three, four guys.
But I don't know.
I think Columbus is going to be just looked at in
a little bit of a different light. Their fans showed up.
Their fans did a tremendous job.
What?
I can't agree with you in a sense where
you're saying they're going to be able to attain
free agents and good ones that want
to play in Columbus rather than other major
markets where they get to have me.
Do you think they're going to be pretty good still?
Well, I'm saying I think they're going to be decent.
I also think their stock might have went up in the eyes of maybe fans
and maybe around the league a little bit.
I know obviously they didn't do a ton, but I think they were able to host
a second-round series for the first time.
I thought the fans, they sold out.
They made a lot of noise.
And online, their fans weren't absolute idiots.
They were actually pretty nice to deal with, so I enjoyed interacting with them.
But, yeah, I mean, we've talked about about it before we like to see teams do good and uh hopefully that columbus you know
can keep building off this even if they are going to lose maybe three of their best players yeah
yeah my opinion was strictly hockey based it wasn't on the fact of how how accomplished the
season was and you're happy for the fan base i'm of course i am too i don't want anything of
anything of what i said to not reflect that what i I'm saying is, is that going to be a hockey town
in the next couple of years?
Are they going to be struggling to make playoffs
because they're not only losing potentially to Zingle,
Duchesne has made comments that he's considering returning.
They're going to lose their Vezna goalie, two-time Vezna winner,
and of course Panarin, who's like top 10 in the league, maybe top 20 to be safe.
Like they're losing significant pieces.
Dubinsky's not getting any younger.
Like they're going to have some major holes to fill
in order to be a playoff team.
And next thing you know, based on that sacrifice that he made
in order to try to go run the distance with those guys in place this year,
he might have set them back from making playoffs two, maybe even three years.
So that's all I'm saying and trying to evaluate here.
I still commend him on making a ballsy move.
Yeah, no doubt it was ballsy.
Dude, I didn't tell you guys.
So I had a couple of buddies listen to the episode with Ned,
and they were like, how did you not tell the Mexico story?
And I'm so mad I forgot to get his version of it.
But basically, the last night we were in Cabo,
he came with me and our other buddy, and Taylor Hall was with us,
and a bunch of guys.
And we had a blast.
So the last night I was like, dude, I got to go home.
Like, I'm done.
We're flying back.
We have practice tomorrow, whatever it was.
So he's like, all right.
Well, the bill ends up getting like, I don't know, way more than they could
afford.
They didn't have my credit card.
So he like sweet talked this like Mexican like table bottle service guy that
he would give him his
watch, which was 10,000,
and I'll come back with money
tomorrow and get my watch
back. You can hold it as collateral.
Dude, it was an 83
fossil watch. Somehow he
got out of this. It was a ridiculous story.
He tells us this story in the morning,
and then he's got
this flight, so he's leaving earlier in the lobby.
You know, we're saying goodbye in the lobby.
Then we're going out to the beach.
We're going out to lay around before our flight later.
So we're chilling out on the beach or we were out maybe on another boat.
I don't remember all of a sudden. Yeah. We were out on another boat.
That's what it was. And all of a sudden, I see a boat flying at us.
I'm like, what is going on? And
just turns up, rips up next
to us, wake coming up. It's
Ned behind the fucking
driver's seat of this boat.
I'm like, dude, whose boat is that? He's like, bro,
I need your room key. My wallet's in the room.
I gotta get my wallet for my ID. I'm gonna
miss this flight. I was like,
no joke. I gave him my room key. He was, I got to get my wallet for my ID. I'm going to miss this flight. I was like, no joke. I gave him my room
key. He was, I didn't
even find out whose boat it was at the time.
He somehow got
a boat and
then
ripped away in the boat.
Me and the other buddy were just like,
what's that?
Was Ned just in a boat coming and getting
the money?
Hey, but that...
Whoa, time out.
That goes back to the bouncer story,
how he can talk anyone to anybody.
Yes, exactly.
Someone is giving them their boat.
I ended up talking to him.
I'm like, hey, do you even know how to drive a boat?
He's like, not a clue.
I just am so, so mad that that wasn't proper
to get his side of it.
Oh God,
that is such a good way to end the episode.
But,
but I mentioned something that Pasha brought up and he,
and he actually messaged somebody on Twitter about it for their professional
opinion based on the new offer sheet compensation.
Have you guys seen the compensation?
No,
I haven't.
No.
So,
um,
you know, the, the conversation ended up being marner but if i'll i won't go too deep all the way to like if you offer a guy
1.4 million because like fuck nobody's getting offers cheated for 1.4 million um if you offer
a guy between 4.2 and 6.3 you get a first and third rounder if he ends up accepting it accepting it and then you
don't match it um all the way up to the top which is 8.5 million to 10.5 just over 10.5 you get two
first a second and a third so i believe it used to be four first in between. Yeah, that's changed. So that's a big shift.
That's a fucking massive shift.
That's great for the players.
So what Pasha was tweeting at a guy said,
if I'm New Jersey, they have a shit ton of cap space left.
They would offer Sheet Marner, which I was like,
I don't know if now is the time.
But wait, they just got Jack Hughes because they got the first overall pick.
So they get him three years on an entry-level deal.
I think they only have Halsey on a one-year left, maybe two.
That's where it went shaky for me where I'm like,
I don't know if he's coming back.
But, hey, for a year you would have Halsey, Marner.
Who's the other other jack hughes jack hughes yeah he's here he's here they they would have some massive weapons up
front and you don't get a player like marner every day where even if you offer him like 10 million
for seven years i mean you're you're in the east. You might as well try to put Toronto in a bit of a bind.
Because if they're going to have to pay a Marner 10 and a half,
the ship's going to implode somewhere.
They're not going to be able to get that back-end guy that they want
because they're going to have to pay Morgan Riley.
So at least you put another team in a bit of a handcuff situation
that should have been the creme de la creme for the next four or five years in the Easter conference.
Now you're hemming them up a bit.
Teams better not be pussies anymore and just start getting offer sheets out
there.
Start an offer sheet.
And you don't want a lot of times they don't do it because they don't want to
piss off another organization.
And like,
then you make that dude,
fuck that.
Start going balls to the wall
dirty business on the side give us stuff to talk about dude i would give a fiddler's fuck if another
gm wants to come down the hallway and or shine me out because i offer she to one of his guys
i'll tell him right to his face why does it i mean what are we here to make friends
no i want your player and if you want him as bad as i do then fucking sign them you piece of shit yeah it's been a while i mean was shea weber the he wasn't the last one
was he when philly did it hey you know what hey you know what the the a funny situation about this
is is essentially you're trying to manipulate the cba any way that's going to favor your team
and apparently there were some teams that were a little pissed off that Arizona kept eating guys' salaries.
Like Datsuk and stuff.
Like Datsuk and Hosas.
And I actually got a few tweets from Blackhawks fans where I'm like, fuck you.
I'm like, you manipulated the CBA by getting Hosas on a front-loaded deal in order to lower his average salary down, you piece of shit.
Now we're manipulating it in our favor and you're pissed off?
Nah, fuck you.
Manipulate the rules.
Change it in the next CBA if you're unhappy with it.
You guys can vote on it.
But don't be getting mad when you benefited from manipulating
on the front side and then you got bent over on the back.
That is Bush League bullshit.
There you go.
Boys, nice weather is coming.
The Wales finals are going to be in town.
Everybody, I want you to enjoy some new Amsterdam vodka.
It's perfect pink Whitney weather,
so go out, get yourself some new Amsterdam vodka,
get yourself some pink lemonade, make
the ideal summertime drink, and
of course, enjoy your new Amsterdam vodka
responsibly.
On that note, boys, I think we
should wish the listeners a happy weekend and enjoy
the playoffs. Or what? Yeah. We're just rolling strong into the conference finals, boys, I think we should wish the listeners a happy weekend and enjoy the playoffs. What?
Yeah, we're just rolling strong into the conference finals, boys. And a quick note, though.
Anything over 10.6 is for first-rounders,
but you wouldn't offer Marner that much money
because 10.5 would put Leafs in a bit of a bind.
Because I think that they're  I mean, would you guys not agree?
I think that's what he's getting.
Right, but that's going to put them in a bind.
And when you're paying a winger that much money, that is crazy.
Tell me a winger that's going to get paid that much.
I bet you Panarin might not even get that in free agency.
I was hoping for a banana lens there.
But you're telling me that would make him
the highest paid winger in the league
other than maybe Ovechkin?
Yeah, I just hope fucking teams start doing it.
It's an option they just...
They're chicken shit to do,
but hopefully some of these younger, newer GMs
don't give a shit.
They're not beholden to the old school, old God,
and they're going to fucking disrupt things.
Ideally, that's what we'll see.
All right, boys.
Peace out.
Have a great weekend. Enjoy the playoffs.
See you, fellas.
...
............ On the road again. On the road again.
Going places that I've never been.
Seeing things that I may never see again.
I can't wait to get on the road again.
