Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Thank you. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 175 of Spit and Chip.
It's presented by New Amp the Damn Vodka.
Boys, we're on the throes of the semifinals here.
Things are heating up.
Let's go to our boys and say hello.
Biz Nasty, you look like you had a fun time this weekend.
What's going on, brother?
Yeah, I've been on a bit of a heater, boys.
I got to go back to Arizona soon and decompress. But got to vancouver this week did a little work with mcdonald's as i mentioned on that
wednesday pod and uh since then i've just been partying i didn't even go to sleep on friday
night just rolled it right into saturday and i was hanging out with some boys we were uh
cranking pretty hard uh my friends opened up a new hotel in Vancouver, so I've been staying there.
Hotel Belmont, beautiful spot.
Workbench.
Just an absolute workbench.
Well, at least last night, not the night before because I was on a heater.
Funny story.
So after that Thursday podcast drop, Scotty Upshaw linked me in a text
because one of his friends who's high up at Lululemon, Eric Peterson,
he reached out to Scotty saying,
yo, we got to get Biz some new underwear,
because he fucking put a hole through his old ones.
So sure as shit, I go to the Lululemon store.
They decked me out with some ginch and a few other things.
And then he ended up taking me on a tour of their whole Lululemon facility,
which was fascinating, like the type of shit that they got going on
in order to develop a new style of clothing.
And then just, boys, it's just been a crazy week.
So I'm looking forward to recording this, getting some sleep.
And happy Mother's Day to all you mothers out there.
I know this is going to come out on Monday.
And another cool thing, boys, I went to one of my favorite bars here, The Local.
When was that?
On Saturday.
I can't even put the days together right now.
And sure as shit, the bartender sent over
a full round of Pink
Whitney. So shout out to our sponsor.
How are you?
Nice. Sounding good. Next up, our producer
Mikey Grinelli down in Manhattan. What's going on
there, brother? What's up, boys? It's a
great day to be a Bruins fan.
I'll just leave it at that. Great day.
Yeah, we'll be getting to that in a little bit. And last
but not least, buddy, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, wit dog?
What up, everyone?
How are you?
It feels like we haven't chatted in a while.
I don't know why that is.
Crazy time.
We're down to two series here.
So we're full tilt into both of these things.
We're going to start off with St. Louis San Jose.
I also want to mention we have a special interview today.
Brendan Walsh is from Boston. I think people are going to love it. It was his first time on
Spitting Chicklets, and I'll tell you from knowing him, he has seven more episodes full of stories.
So I think people are really going to enjoy it and have a lot of fun listening to that one.
And last but not least, R.A., I know you're going to let everyone know,
but I want to say congratulations on your move to full-time Barstool employee.
Couple clicks for the boy.
And for everyone that doesn't know,
RA has been a big part of Barstool.
I think everyone realizes that for a long time now.
Blogging,
brewing stories,
doing the,
you were the death notice guy.
What are those called?
Obituaries.
Obituary. Obituary guy. How are you, Whit? And you know, you've the death notice guy. What are those called? Obituaries. Obituary, you know, obituary guy.
How are you, Whit?
And, you know, you've done a great job.
We met.
You've always been a big fan, and I really am truly very happy for you
and being honest when I say you deserve it.
And it's about time you're a full-time part of Barstool.
Well, thanks a lot.
I really appreciate that, pal.
Yeah, it's been a long time coming.
I've hung on for a bit.
I'm glad I did.
And I know a lot of people probably thought I was full-time or in some capacity with Boston,
but I'm officially joined full-time.
Obviously, Chicklets is the priority.
That's the main thing I'm going to be doing.
But I will be getting back to blogging quite a bit more.
I obviously have a lot more time to do it.
So, all in writer, R.A.?
I won't be exhausted.
So, I'll have that juice, the creativity that I used to have when you're working 45, 50
hours a week at another job. It kind of saps you a little bit, but I won't have that juice the creativity that i used to have when you're working 45 50 hours a week at another job it kind of saps you a little bit but i won't have that issue anymore
also be doing some content going down the office probably filling the radio just a little bit of a
jack jack of all trades thing so i'm psyched swiss army knife yeah a little a little bit so
so everyone listening at home r.a he did a full-time job he was grinding working nights now
any fuck-ups now, R.A.?
The people are coming for you.
There's no excuses anymore, bud.
You're going to be prepared and ready to rock and roll.
I know you will, but like I said, happy for you.
So let's get into some crazy hockey games that we've been watching, fellas.
Absolutely.
We're down to four teams in game one of the Western Conference Final in San Jose.
Dude, Logan Couture picked up right where he left off in the second round.
He got two goals and an assist to lead the Sharks to a 6-3 pounding of the Blues
as they grabbed the 1-0 series lead.
We actually had a game until about halfway through.
Rhino Riley made it 3-2.
But then Timo Meier, Forsberg, Jordan Bennington, a minute later,
he got another goal, made it 5-2.
It looked like that was going to be lights out.
The Blues got a little bit of life.
They made it a 5-3 game.
What's his face?
Barube pulled the goalie with 440 left,
but they couldn't ever get that other goal,
and basically Couture got an empty net, and that was it.
Biz, we were happy to see this game, and if you did, did you remember it?
Yeah, I caught a bit of it.
Most of the time.
There's a couple guys out there.
I met their ex-girlfriends in Vancouver.
I ended up whacking them, so I was sort of involved in the game.
But I was a little disappointed that St. Louis didn't win this game.
I think even on the gambling corner on Thursday,
I would have picked them to win that first game at the tank.
Or I said that they're going to split, and they need to split.
If they don't, they're fucking toast.
But I'm just overly impressed by the depth and the guys pulling the
rope in,
in San Jose and every,
like every few years are able to like draft players and reload and just add
to that land lineup.
Like,
I mean,
we keep talking about Kevin,
the bank,
he's now got fucking four goals that Timo Meyer has been a fucking horse.
Like I played,
I played against this kid in the AHL
and I think he had 30 tucks in my last
year. Remember I told you
the last game, the story of the ACL?
He was playing for the Barracuda, so
we would see them like eight times a year,
maybe even more.
You knew he was going to be a stud, but he's
just elevated his game even more so
in playoffs. He's got five goals now.
And then, I mean, fuck Logan Couture.
I mean, we keep stroking the shit out of this guy, but 11 goals.
This guy, I mean, yeah, he's one of the greatest playoff performers of all time.
Listen, we said going into this series that nobody had a clue who was going to win.
We all took St. Louis, but I think it was out in the open that it's a very close series.
The other night didn't look that way, and it was funny
because I was reading up on some stats, stat guy, going into this series,
and one of the things that kind of jumped out at me was that,
like, historically, you look at teams that go to seventh game,
first and second round, it's tough.
Well, teams that play seven-game series that in the first two rounds,
they end up going two and nine in the conference finals since the 1987 playoffs.
Wow, that's interesting.
So since, in 87, they went to every round being best of seven.
And since then, the teams that have gone to, you know, seven games in the first two rounds
have done really poorly in the Western Conference Finals.
So maybe over time that can end up catching up.
But still, the St. Louis Blues went to six in game one,
a series one against Winnipeg,
and then they go to seven double overtime against Dallas.
So they're by no means that much more rested,
but still San Jose came out flying.
And you look into some deeper things with St. Louis,
really haven't struggled in San Jose.
I think that's their fourth straight loss there. The Sharks at home, I mean, they're now seven and two in the playoffs at home. They got 37 goals in those nine games. So it's just a really
tough place to play. That was proved on Saturday night. I don't think that, you know, St. Louis is
panicking by any means. They seem like the team that has dealt with losing a game on the road all season
and getting that huge win the next time.
You saw it in Dallas.
So I think that they have to get the split, even though the old saying,
you know, a series doesn't start until the home team loses.
But still, I don't see them going back down 2-0
and being able to beat San Jose four of five games.
So it turns into just an enormous game for them on Monday night.
And I really wasn't surprised to see Couture.
We've talked about him.
Timo Meier, just the whole drafting that San Jose's done.
And Doug Wilson, I mean, how long have they been good?
It's like this guy's out there just making moves, making things happen,
continually drafting solid players at weird draft spots.
I mean, you're getting guys in the third, fourth, fifth round
that end up making an enormous impact.
That's what it takes to be a successful franchise
for a long time in the league.
I don't think St. Louis is in a ton of trouble,
but they're going to need some more from their best players.
And Binnington had an off night.
That's bound to happen.
But game two should be intense.
And, Ari, before I throw it over to you,
so both teams in this series have gone seven games in the first two rounds.
No, game six in, I think, St. Louis won in six against Winnipeg.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
I said that last episode.
I thought that that was seven games.
Because it seemed like they would.
I'm going to lay off the pen, boys.
All right, what do you got on this series?
Come on, buddy.
Well, to jump on what Wichita said, the old series doesn't start
until the home team wins a game or loses a game.
That's, I think, bullshit you can say in this case
because 32 times a team has gone up 2-0 in a conference final game.
They've won 93.8 of the time.
So St. Louis has got to bring everything they have next game.
I don't think we're going to see a bad Bennington like that.
That was the most goals he gave up since game three in the first round
versus Winnipeg.
Also, shout out to Bennington.
Only nine rookie goaltenders have led their club to the conference finals
or semifinals after playing in each of the team's games in the playoffs.
So shout out to him for that.
That's a hell of an accomplishment.
But, yeah, St. Louis, I mean, they were kind of dead to start the game.
That O'Reilly goal gave them a little bit of life.
But then fucking San Jose just answers right back.
They're so deep.
Everybody's scoring for them.
But, yeah, I mean, I feel the next game is St. Louis' season, basically,
based on that stat.
Ninety-three percent.
You go down two-nothing.
I mean, your season is all intense, almost over, barring 6.2 percent.
So what do you got there, Woods?
Brent Burns, last night he caught a rocket pass on his
he had one hand on his stick and a rocket pass to the point on his backhand.
He caught it no problem.
It's just he's doing things that are incredible.
He's played 435 minutes, which is the most in the playoffs for anyone.
It's like 55 or 54 minutes more than even Eric Carlson on San Jose.
So they got these two horses.
I just  San Jose, I was talking to a guy who plays in the NHL,
a guy who plays in Dallas, actually, and just said,
playing San Jose this year, I mean, they can kind of score out of nowhere.
It's like nothing's really going on, and all of a sudden,
they got enough juice up front where even the Timo Meier goal on Saturday night, it's a turnover,
which was a huge issue for the Blues, especially the D.
They cannot be turning the puck over like that.
But all of a sudden he gets it, and Bo Meister's flat-footed, boom,
through his triangle, Forsberg move, complete nasty tuck, the crowd goes wild.
So it really can come quick with San Jose, and especially on that ice, dude.
What did Teddy Purcell say that they built it with?
I forget.
He had some hilarious way of putting it, but basically it's tilted.
It is tilted in San Jose's offensive zone direction,
and it's always been that way.
So St. Louis is in for a test here, and, R.A., I agree with you.
They have to get a win in game two.
I had a question actually for both of you, so I'll ask you first, Biz.
Did you happen to see about nine minutes in the game,
Coach O was going down, rushing down the ice,
and Schwartz gave him just a little bit of a push from behind?
Did you happen to see that play, and did you think it was penalty-worthy?
Did you see it, Wits?
It was about halfway through the first.
Did he go down behind the net?
Yeah, Coach O, he crashed into the board real hard.
I thought he was down.
I thought he was hurt for a second.
Yeah, I just didn't know if you guys  I didn't think it should be a penalty but it was a pretty
dangerous play I thought I wasn't sure if you caught it but uh but going back to Bernsie man
him and Carlson the first defensive tandem to combine for 28 or more points through the first
15 games of a postseason since 95 when Coffey and Lidstrom did the same thing uh of course they
didn't win the cup that year but still impressive nonetheless biz what we what we're gonna have for
us the NFL well I was gonna say Pavelski goals in back-to-back games now.
You think, oh, they're going to get this top nine guy back,
and it might take him a few games to get back in the lineup
and get in his rhythm.
No.
Boom.
Right back.
I think he played 20 minutes in game seven when he came.
Yeah.
What goes back to you telling us he just got spoiled by God?
He's just good at everything.
He's touched by the hand of god it's the
golfing that drives me he would take me out there and put me in the woodshed he would take me to the
woodshed and golf right now and he probably has played like three times in the last maybe two
months maybe even less who knows he doesn't even play during the season yeah also i'm looking at
the numbers just from game one petrangelo who's been a complete street beast the entire playoffs
he was minus three plus minuses and everything.
But you notice when a guy like that is out there for a couple goals against,
I don't think that'll be the case.
He's someone that bounces right back.
So it's one game.
No time to panic at all for St. Louis.
No time to get too high if you're San Jose.
But still, they got to be confident in trying to get another home win on Monday.
And we got to give props to Joe Thornton.
He recorded the 1,608th point of his NHL career.
That's regular season and playoffs combined.
And he tied Brian Trottier for the 16th highest such total in league history.
Brian Trottier, of course, is famous for the Brian Bellows video years ago.
Calling him a titfucker.
You guys must have seen that.
Yeah, him and Kevin Steven was one of the best videos, funniest videos of all time absolutely fucker get up there holy fuck bellows you
fucking pussy unbelievable you fucking superstar bellow you fucking superstar everybody before the
game reggie jackson fucking pussy tit fucker reggie jackson was one of the celebrity uh door
openers of course he was a big Oakland A-star back in the day.
But I was wondering, like, he had a candy bar named after him
back when he was a star.
Which athlete today do you think would actually be able to drop
a candy bar named after himself that people would buy?
Candy bar?
Yeah, there was a Reggie bar way back in the day.
I was like, Brady could have a candy bar out there,
but it'd have to be, like, all natural or something.
Oh, I'm sure.
He does have bars.
Does he have, like, TB12 or something? He like all natural or something. Oh, I'm sure. He does have bars. Yeah.
Is he on like TB12 or something?
He's got protein or whatever.
Yeah.
Who would have a fun one?
LeBron?
LeBron would probably have the cachet to sell a candy bar.
No?
I mean.
Yeah, he's such a scumbag.
A candy bar.
LeBron, you want a candy bar?
I'm full time now
oh hey there's another crazy stat that i saw on twitter uh brent birds is logged 408 minutes
we're close to 409 minutes of time uh on ice throughout the first two rounds that's nearly
an hour more than the next close yeah i just said just said that. Oh, you did. Yeah.
I love how I love when you're in one.
It's unreal.
I love it.
As I take another hit of my pen,
hang over,
help.
So yeah,
we get up.
So I go away.
Last thing,
San Jose had a kind of a funny tweet because they mentioned,
or they retweeted that bellows.
I mean,
a bellows trot chase that.
And then was Thornton not named one of the
top 100 nhl players of all time a few years back when they left malcolm off the list i think he
wasn't based on san jose's tweet saying is he top 100 in the nhl so if that was the case thornton
continues to prove what's going on there and it's setting up for i mean if you look at game one and
san jose goes to win jesus if they play the Bruins in the cup finals. The storylines. Oh, I'm hard.
Yeah.
I mean, Boston would have an opportunity to break his heart twice
is basically the storyline.
I bet you if those two teams meet, R.A., that's going to be one of the,
if not the chippiest series of the playoffs.
Because they're like San Jose and Boston.
Because I just feel like, I just this this Marsha shit is just going to
fucking really explode because San
Jose is a bit of a boys club too. Those guys stick up
for each other in that room and you're
going to be going against star player against star
player that it's and especially with all
the storylines and the hype up.
I just I just think this whole
thing is going to come to a
crazy explosion ending.
We got to see but we can't count the Blues out yet.
Still a lot of hockey.
No, not at all.
Play Gloria.
Jesus.
Game two is Monday, 9 o'clock on NBCSN, so make sure you check that out.
Yeah, Biz, we still got a lot of hockey left, hopefully,
before it gets to that.
So, you know, the Blues, I'm sure, are going to have something to say about it.
Game two is Monday, 9 p.m. on NBCSN.
But before we get to the Boston Carolina series,
we're going to bring you to Brendan Walsh.
He's a guy, I think this is one of our top maybe three funniest interviews
we've ever done.
He's such a character.
He's Boston through and through.
Funny guy.
I hope you enjoyed it as much as we did.
So, what's up, Biz?
He was so animated when he was telling the stories.
Oh, he was standing up.
Some stories he ended up standing up.
I was like, these are going to punch Biz.
No, but he was unreal. I was standing up. In some stories, he'd end up standing up. I was like, these are going to punch biz. No, but he was unreal.
I was in tears. I had a smile on my face
the entire time he was in the room. He walked
in the room and you could just feel the energy.
He's fucking out of control. I love it.
You're going to get me a beer with or...
It was good shit, so without any further
ado, send it over to Brendan Walsh.
This interview is brought to you by Can I Brands.
If you're a regular listener of the show, you may have heard me talk about the company
I started with some friends of mine and the CBD wellness products we're creating.
Well, guess what?
They're finally here.
You've heard me talk about CBD and what it can do.
Now you can experience it for yourself.
No matter what you're looking for, whether it's energy, clarity, relief, or relaxation,
Can I Brands wants you to feel amazing.
That's why they're rolling out a truly massive selection of CBD drops, sprays, bombs, and
creams formulated for unique experiences.
Can I Boost for energy?
Can I Mend for pain relief?
Can I Fresh for immunity?
And Can I Sleep for, yep, you guessed it, sleep.
CaniBrands is only available in the US right now. So Canadians, you're going to have to wait.
Visit CaniBrands.com today to see all their products and learn more. That's C-A-N-I-B-R-A-N-D-S.com.
And right now, my listeners can use the promo code biz20 at checkout to get 20
off your order. That's canibrands.com with offer code biz20. Go follow them on Instagram as well,
guys. They'll answer all your direct messages and tell you exactly what you need to know about the
products. As I mentioned, this is the company I started with Andy O'Brien and my friends.
Awesome stuff. Love it. Check it out. And hopefully, we'll have that available in
Canada for you guys soon. Love you and enjoy the interview. We are now joined by a very special
guest. I'm going to call him a local Boston legend. People from around here in the hockey
world have always known this guy in one way or another. For me, he was older than me. I watched
him play college hockey from dorchester born and raised
brendan walsh thank you for joining the podcast thank you for having me i am a super fan of the
show i so this i love it people need to know that um you know we played against each other
skated in the summers never knew each other that well but enough you know the hockey world and i
saw him at del frisco's this winter and i'm like great guy to run into You're like oh story time here we go
And he's like wait I listen to Chicklets
I listen to all the episodes I love it
I was like dude you telling me you listen
I feel like I've made it
Like that was just great to hear
So I knew right away I go he's coming on
So today's finally come
It's got awesome
The stories that you have all the guests you have
And the thing that makes it unique
It's just these small collections of stories that build upon a season,
and then at the end, you just, it's amazing.
Yeah, it just ends up being perfect.
And one thing we're noticing, too, is having on, no offense, no-namers.
That's fair.
He would have punched you 20 years ago.
Ryan Lannan came on on and the numbers were insane.
Same with Yipper.
Yipper obviously played in the NHL.
And he's Chinese.
They're unique stories.
And really the lower profile guys are allowed to let the stories fly a lot more.
We get on some NHL guys now and it's just like, boy, no one's going to care.
There's all types of non-disclosure agreements at the end of the season.
All types of non-disclosure agreements at the end of the season. All types of non-disclosure agreements.
Yes.
I think you're the first dot rat we've had on the show, if I'm not mistaken.
Ah, the hazes.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Wow.
That's right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
You take them as Charleston.
That's okay.
That's all right.
Yeah, probably because I know their pops and stuff.
And yeah, you went to CM for high school, right?
Yep.
Get cracking on your career. How old were you when you started skating young kid like i was young um i think we all
skated um it's just a youth hockey some of us tried some of us tried so four i was probably
four or five and started skating and then i i actually hated we actually had this thing
in which is a huge part of my life we used to box box at the J.P. McCamp Post, right?
And it was like a chair, like a chair.
And your dads would be down there.
It was a McCamp Post, and it was like a lightning rod.
It literally is a lightning rod for everything from when I was like eight, nine years old.
I used to fight a kid who I work with now, one of my really good friends.
I'd hate to say best friends because he'd be like, you said my best friend.
Best friend.
Oh, my best friend.
Complete hater.
Hates on everything.
And I would fight him in front of your dad, like in front of our fathers.
Like Saturday morning instead of the game, you'd be like, all right, we're toe to toe.
Yeah, we'd be eight years old, nine years old.
Like I'd have like a crazy eight is enough bowl cut, just hair slapping all over the place.
And we would fight.
And the thing about, and Biz, you would know this, the thing that jams anybody up about a fight,
what do you know about yourself?
You've never been punched in the face before.
Sure.
And the other thing is, it's not so much like, oh, this hurts.
I got a black eye.
I got a bloody nose.
It's embarrassment. How do, oh, this hurts. I got a black eye. I got a bloody nose. It's embarrassment.
How do you manage it?
How can you go on from it and say, all right, I got to pick myself up and go on?
So we have McCamp Post and we have Dorchester Youth Hockey.
And Dorchester Youth Hockey, super ultra competitive.
There's probably 30 guys that play Division I college hockey from a small area.
Less than a square mile.
Okay, so my hometown, Welland, Ontario, there was a four or five year period of time where we had seven guys in the NHL.
That's crazy.
It's crazy when that stuff happens.
50,000 people.
Well, it goes to show that same thing for all the guys that played from Dorchester and your town.
When you grow up with great kids to go against and competition-wise that are your friends,
it's like that's what makes so many kids great athletes, I think.
Yep.
And we had great people surrounded in the game.
And I went from Dorchester youth hockey to  and I was like a school-a-year program.
I did the prep school thing Dexter
Cardigan Mountain
you went to all those places
I went to all of them
whoever
were you getting the boot
no no no
how did you fit in
with all these rich kids though
yeah what the fuck
you don't have
a cake here
I can picture you
at Dexter
just drilling some kid
one day
be like
shut the fuck up
how did that go for you
dexter was dexter was good it was like guys like salt and stall and levy bird and you know uh i
think i'm trying to think of one kid's name it'll come back to me halfway through it and you're
gonna be all over biz you're gonna be like seriously you gotta contain yourself um so
i will go from that did the whole prep school thing
And then when I got to
And then I went to CM
And Kid Chris O'Sullivan
One of my best friends
Second round draft pick
Amazing hockey player
Probably
Like if he played right now
He'd play right now
He's a six million dollar player
Could move the puck
Probably the most high end skill I've ever seen
Very similar game to Wits I, I'd say, right?
Absolutely.
Yeah, but legit, I didn't come close skill-wise.
Because if you were to skate with Chris O'Sullivan in the summer, I mean, how many NHL games did he play?
He broke his neck.
Yeah, he did break his neck at BU.
But, I mean, this was like an incredible player, high draft pick, and he does things.
He did things with the puck.
You're right.
Nowadays, with the game the way it is, it would be.
I think he ended up in Calgary, and then Sutter, I think Sutter was the coach,
had him as a check-in line on the left wing.
Yeah, like that ain't going to work.
Like craziness, and he's like, but then again, think of what you're doing in the NHL.
Like who are you going to beat out?
I'm thinking who's the defenseman?
You're literally trying out for the number one. Yeah. Like, okay, you're going to beat out? I'm thinking, who's the defenseman? You're literally trying out for the number one.
Yeah.
Like, okay, you're going to beat out Marty McGinnis?
Not Marty McGinnis.
I'm a defenseman.
Al McGinnis.
Al McGinnis.
Oh, in Calgary, yeah.
In Calgary.
Like, that's who you're going to beat out.
Okay?
And so you're going to St. John's.
You're not going to fill that role in the old NHL.
You're going to try out.
That's the spot.
And if you can come up maybe in two, three years, it's your job.
It was like Marc-Andre Bergeron.
He came up and he actually won jobs as a power play specialist sometimes.
But it was hard to do. Actually, hey,
Crystal Sullivan, I want to hear your version of the story
when he shot the gun
in the national title game
or something. Wasn't it for BU?
I was not there yet.
No, I wasn't there yet.
So that was before there. I thought you guys were saying? No I wasn't there yet Oh okay I didn't forget it So that was before
Before there
So I was
I thought you guys were same year
You did go to BU
But then you switched to university
Yes
Switched
What's the story there?
Switched is in quotes
And won a national title
At the next spot
Yes
The thing
What I
I live by a mantra
We can cut this
Don't worry Walsh
That's okay
That's alright
I live by I want to hear this mantra Don't worry Walsh That's okay That's alright I live by
I want to hear this mantra
You never forget
I mean you never remember
The nights
That you go and get
Like a 12 hour sleep
And that has carried me through
And that's been kind of a thing
And like hey
I was like hey
We got something going over here
At Simmons College
At Wheelock
And when I went to BU
I was a 21 year old freshman
Coming from the USHL
You'd already partied
You'd already lived
I was already there
So when I got there
It was like
Jay Pandolfo
Bobby LaChance
Chris Kelleher
Chris Drury
When I got there
They were seniors?
They were seniors
And I was older than them
They were my age
I was a freshman
Coming in
And so
I was like going to school
With girls born in like
79 and 81
I was It was crazy So Can I born in like 79 and 81 I was
It was crazy
So
Can I see your ID
Before I take you home?
So
When I went there
I
Like I would go
My first freshman year
Was fine
And then
You know
I was staying
Out of the radar
Right under the radar
Kind of on it a little bit
Under the radar
First thing was
I think Jack had me in
Parker
Had me in He's like You didn't go to class And First thing was, I think Jack had me in, Parker had me in, he's like,
you didn't go to class. And I'm like,
well, I think I took a class off.
It's like College of General Studies.
I go to every one?
Yeah, it's like they call it crayons,
glue and scissors.
That's the school within the school
of the athletes. I'll probably get some crazy
letter from BU being like,
Oh, man, I talked about how we cheated at Harvard.
No, I think I should be good.
So then we go, and then Jack's like, all right, well, did you miss this class?
And I'm like, yeah, but I made a majority of them, but I missed this class.
He's like, okay, well, you're suspended.
I took the game suspension.
I was like, all right.
Then it was Monday night football, right?
And it just came back to Boston.
I think it was like,
it was a Monday night football game for the Patriots.
We go out.
I take a bunch of guys out.
We all go out.
And then my night doesn't end.
I end up at dad's diner at like three in the morning.
So Mike Boyle was the strength and conditioning coach,
had another guy who worked for him. Andiner at like 3 in the morning. So Mike Boyle was the strength and conditioning coach.
Had another guy who worked for him.
And he was bartending at the bar.
So I walk up and I had a couple buddies with me.
And I said, hey, give me three beers and three shots and you didn't see me here.
And I'm like, oh, cool.
I'm moonwalking back in.
I'm downstairs at Dad's Diner, an old place.
I think it's McGreevy's now.
So then Jack Parker comes in the locker room. He comes walking in. He walks in. He bombs in. I'm downstairs at Dad's Diner. Old place. I think it's McGreevy's now. So then Jack Parker comes in the locker room.
He comes walking in. He walks in. He bombs in. He goes...
Oh, red face.
He points at you.
Just points. Boom. Boom. Come here.
Getting hallway treatment. But he made a mistake.
What? He made a mistake. I was with some boys
on the team.
I come into the locker.
I come into his office. He had that
like... You remember that thing at Walter Brown? The He had that little room, little director's chairs.
It was kind of creepy.
So I sat in there, and he goes, did you go out the other night?
And he had the rule, Saturday night only.
Yeah, we had one night a week.
One night a week.
You could only go Saturday night only.
So it could be Tuesday night, but he'd be like, tonight's Saturday night.
Tonight's Saturday night, exactly.
So that was Saturday night.
So he's like, did you go out on such and such?
I was like, well, I mean, it was Monday night football game.
And he said, who are you with?
And I was like, I go, what's my punishment?
Instantly.
I go, what's my punishment?
He goes, you're going to sit versus, I think it was like maybe North Dakota or someone else.
And I said, and he goes, now, who are you with?
And I knew it was only one game because he already said it.
And I go, I was with nobody.
And he was like, he overspoke. He's probably was with nobody and he was like he overspoke he's
probably gonna get mad at me he overspoke and i was like oh you showed your hand i already knew
the punishment and i came back in the locker room and so guys are tying the skates of practice and
they knew kind of knew what it was it trickled through and guys are tying the skates and they
were like and i was like you guys are all right. Yeah. Fucking right. I'll fall right on the grenade.
I love that.
And so then the season goes on.
So that was kind of strike two.
And I love Coach Parker.
Not like.
I loved him.
We had a good relationship.
It was like a cool hand Luke situation, though.
He's like, you're going to break before me.
Right?
Yeah.
And I still subscribe. You're not going to beat so but I you know my thing was always have a good
time and so I go out to uh I I play a game we play low uh I get a penalty and it's like this
crazy penalty in the red and the ref goes uh oh jack there's something happening
and jack was like i get like a two five like a two and a ten second period two minutes he hates
those so he he the referee i got the 10-4 and for the ref goes uh what did you do what did you say
to the ref uh jack said and i said i go i call him fucking i said i said did you see the fucking
slash i went back i remember you know i elbowed the kid slashed him whatever i did i go you know Jack said And I said I go I called him Fucking I said Did you see the fucking slash
I went back
I rimmed
You know
I elbowed the kid
Slashed him
Whatever I did
I go
You know
And Jack goes
What did you say to him
In the block room
I said
I called him
A fucking cocksucker
It was the worst call
I ever saw
And Jack was supposed
To be like
I thought he thought
That I was gonna say
Like
Geez I didn't say anything
I was like
Tell me exactly what I said
I called him
A fucking cocksucker
He fucking
The kid did this to me And I was getting And I'm getting the penalty And I said. I call him a fucking cocksucker. He fucking, the kid did this to me, and I was getting it.
And I'm getting the penalty.
And I'm getting the penalty.
Like, it's got to add up.
And Jack was like, that's it.
You're in Mookville.
Mookville.
Mookville.
Mookville, and I'll quickly go in.
Quickly go.
The next day, after Saturday night, no matter what day it was, Sunday morning, you had a
20-mile bike.
Oh, fuck. Dude, they would take an hour on the fucking airdynes, too. No matter what day it was Sunday morning He had a 20 mile bike Oh fuck
Dude they would take an hour
On the fucking airdynes too
Those airdynes only move
If you move the arms and the legs
They're hard as shit
So you had to do that at what
6am sometimes
Yes
So I didn't have the fan bike
I had to get out
And run
Down to Kenmore Square
But I went out
I had a good time
That night It was Saturday night though Right So I'm on a technicality down to Kenmore Square. But I went out. I had a good time that night.
It was Saturday night, though.
Right?
You're allowed to.
I'm on a technicality.
It's still Saturday night.
I love it.
I grew up with Chris Rooney, NHL ref.
Yep.
Chica.
Chica.
I love him.
I think he's one of the best refs.
He doesn't.
He's one of the best refs.
Number five, right?
Number five.
He doesn't.
It's either black or white.
It's been like that since we carpooled in school together.
He doesn't deal in gray.
He's either right or wrong.
That's what it is.
And that's how he officiates.
He actually officiated, repped all the games in the USHL.
There's no one who threw me out of more games than my best friend, Chris Rooney.
He was chucking you out of the USHL.
Oh, absolutely.
He's like, boy,
and like stuff that I was thinking about doing,
like I was like,
oh, I'm going to do this kid dirty.
Like this is going to be like an eight second wait
while the kid passed to come up the zone.
I'm like, I'm going to smoke him.
He'd come in and somehow I'd get a penalty.
He was like, you were going to do something.
I was like, I was, but I hadn't done it yet.
That's how good of a ref he is.
That's how good.
Minority report. So anyway, but I hadn't done it yet. That's how good of a referee he is. That's how good. Minority report.
So anyway, exactly.
My neighbor now.
Yeah.
So then I go to Chicka's house, Chris Rooney, and he has like a full-on bar.
And they have like a Chinese food buffet.
This is in Boston?
In South Boston.
Oh, yeah.
So I go there.
He's got like 15 brothers, right?
I make a Chinese food plate and put a couple beers in my pocket.
And I get a cab back.
Head to Mookville.
I head to Mookville.
Chinese food.
Right?
So I go there.
Right?
I go there.
And it was kind of like, you know, it was my, I don't know what I was doing.
You had enough kind of.
I had enough.
You were testing them.
You were like, yeah, let's see if they're really going to actually fucking do something.
I think so. You see, you push push the limits this is like a cathartic
experience yeah you live off no i buddy i'm on the same way i i wasn't uh wow i was always so
scared like a little i didn't i didn't like authority when i was younger there was a big
problem look at all the trouble i got into when i was in pittsburgh i didn't like authority yep
and while she didn't like mookville and i didn't like Mookville So I So remember Gus
At BU
Yep
Best guy
I think he was like
Albanian
Albanian
Albanian
Albanian
Like rink guy
He was there
Tried the Zamboni
Yeah he drove the Zamboni
I think he lived
Under the Zamboni
Yeah
There was like a room
That they had
So I show up
And I hadn't had any
Like I was like
Alright well I'm just
Going to eat my Chinese food
Gus is there at the rink
I'm there at 530
For the six Where I give You know I have well, I'm just going to eat my Chinese food. Gus is there at the rink. I'm there at 530 for the six-a-clock where I have a beer.
I'm not going to say Gus had a beer.
And we eat the Chinese food.
So there was a graduate assistant coach.
Won't say his name.
Still in the biz.
He sees this whole thing.
I do the run.
I smoke it.
And I can go hair on fire.
I played a majority of my career with my hair on fire.
And make it to Kenmore Square, bomb back.
I think I do like a mile in like 730.
Just down to Kenmore.
Boom, boom.
Fly back and forth.
It was like, no.
It was like.
I was going to say that's not that good unless they knew you've been up all night eating Chinese food.
Exactly, yeah.
So I do that run very quickly
Come back and then Jack finds out
And like it was like
You know it was like my first deal into pro hockey
I come in and
I've never heard this
Mad Dog
Mike DeMella
He was the equipment manager at BU
Great guy
I come walking in like
Everything's good I did my run.
Mookville's over.
Mookville's over. Back in. Start the week.
And all my stuff is in
a black garbage bag.
There's nothing in my stall. And then
I go out and I go, Mike
do you have my equipment? Like what's going on?
And so I
go see Jack. Go see Jack. So I go
see Jack and he's like
Alright three strikes
You're out
That's it
So then I went from
Very quick
Damn you got kicked
Out of BU
Kicked out of BU
But
So you learn from it
And so I had
Grant Stanbrook
Legendary recruiter of Maine
Yes
For people who don't know
He found Penner
Yep
Wow
Yeah
He found Dustin Penner
What about Teddy Purcell
Possibly I don't know for sure But Grant Stanbrook He used to find like Incredible players Wow Yeah And Dustin Penner What about Teddy Purcell?
Possibly I don't know for sure
But Grant Stanbrook
He used to find like
Incredible players
In like the
You know
Western Canada
It was just like
I think the best Grant Stanbrook
They used to call him
The Grey Ghost
Right
He'd be like
In like
Weyburn, Saskatchewan
Just like sitting at the glass
And then sitting up top
And then sitting in the middle
And I asked him one time
I said why do you sit all the time
He goes
I can see each level of the game
I can see how fast the game is
At the glass
I can see from 30,000 feet
From up top
How guys can think about it
And he's just iso-camming
And so he would see that
And he goes
I don't sit with anyone
Because I don't want anyone
To cloud my opinion
Of what I'm looking at
That's good
Holy shit
So he was the architect
Yeah this guy found gems dude
He was the architect
Of that 93 team
Of like
Jimmy Montgomery
Dallas coach
100 points
Paul Korea
100 points
Cal Ingram
And they won the national championship
Yeah
Chris Ferraro
Peter Ferraro
BU tied them that year
That was it
Oh they won every other game
42-1-2
Oh they lost and tied
BU was two teams.
Jesus Christ.
So you had to take a year off because of the transfer rule, right?
Yes.
Which is so fucking stupid.
I'm sorry, R.A.
Yep.
I actually tried to sue the NCAA.
Did you really?
I tried to sue them in the sense of I tried to get a, there was like a technicality for
like girls volleyball.
Like where like girls volleyball at the varsity level or I think it was soccer.
Didn't have to.
You know what I mean?
But it was like, but that's what it is.
It's like big money.
So it's like girls were playing that.
Yeah, no.
Big, big, you know, big money people can transfer right over and not.
It's like rich people that are playing that.
I think so.
Like those types of sports.
But, and now going to Maine though, the main thing being you had to figure out not only what
you were going to do that year but where you were then going to go.
Oh dude, I was crazy. Ryan, I was hat in hand.
Sean Walsh, right? I was hat in hand.
I was like crazy.
Maine's a good team where
I would have said honestly for the most part
if a kid gets kicked out of BU
I'm not trying to dog any teams
but he ends up at Lowell.
Maine, not to say it was a great school, but they were such a good team that they may not take on somebody who got kicked out of BU, you know?
Yep.
But he just obviously loved your game.
So I had Grant at the U.S. Olympic Festival.
And the year before, I went to BU.
And I played on that national team, which we could do two hours on that.
It was awesome.
And so I go from
BU
So I go and literally
I talk to Michigan
Michigan State
BC
I talk to Cav
Boston College
And it's like
Literally like
Everyone wanted
Hat in hand
Hat in hand
Like this is me
Making calls
And like
Like death of a salesman
I'm like hey geez
Willie Loman
Like Willie Loman
I was like hey what do you got?
You know what I mean?
You remember seeing me?
I used to be a good player.
Remember when you talked to me?
I used to be unbelievable.
The Chinese food's over and done now.
I quit it.
I totally grew up two months ago.
I really grew up.
I've grown so much two weeks ago.
Okay, so did any of those teams ever offer money?
So I couldn't take the money, right?
Like, I couldn't take it because I'm not a scholarship athlete, right?
So I have to sit out.
So this is unbelievable.
So I go.
So I call Grant.
I'm like, Grant, I got nothing.
What do you got?
He's like, what are you doing right now?
I'm like, I don't know.
I'm just sitting here. He's like, why don doing right now? And I'm like I don't know I'm just sitting here He's like
Why don't you come up for the game?
We're playing
I think they were playing
Boston College or Lowell
Another hockey's team
Maine was
And you know
They had just come off
NCAA sanctions
From the national championship team
In 93 and 94 and 95
All the kind of sanctions
Some issues that arose
They had some issues
And I was like
I mean it's like three and a half hours.
He's like, yeah, get in your car and come right now.
I have nothing going on.
So I'm like, what am I going to say?
Like, oh, I'm just kind of comfy here.
I don't know.
I got in the car.
I drove up.
Would you wear a suit?
No chance.
No, no chance.
No.
So I drove up by myself and bomb up three and a half hours from Dorchester.
I go talk to Sean Walsh after the game.
They had smoked whoever they play.
I remember he came in and he just, one of the greatest coaches.
Literally the greatest coach.
You said he was the best coach you ever played for, right?
Best coach I ever played for.
Absolutely.
Like, he was way, and I think, I talked to him.
I said, why don't you go to like, have you thought about going to the NHL?
And he goes, there have been some talks before.
But he was smart. He was like, whether it would why don't you go to like, have you thought about going to the NHL? And he goes, there have been some talks before. But he was smart.
He was like, whether it would happen or not, he was like, I'm not doing it unless I'm an
assistant GM and the coach.
I'm getting the groceries and I'm going to try to do it.
He doesn't want to coach.
He's not.
I'm not taking other people's, you know, other people.
Because he's picking the guys from Maine.
He's like, I'm not coaching guys I don't want to coach from the team before.
That's difficult.
That makes a lot of sense.
And so he was holding out for that. and he had a great deal at Maine.
But when I say, like, I went up there and I talked to him, and he was like, he came in.
He always had like a piece of paper or something.
No, no, like a bottom.
Notepad?
Notepad, thank you.
He came in.
He slammed it down.
He's like, we're going to get it going here, Walsh.
Are you going to come in?
I'll tell you right now.
We're going to do this. We're going to do that. These are the players. This is where I have you. He just in. He slammed it down. He's like, we're going to get it going here, Walsh. Are you going to come in? I'll tell you right now. We're going to do this.
We're going to do that.
These are the players.
This is where I have you.
He just played.
He already had me inserted in the lineup for two years out with recruiting charts.
And I was like, I'm coming here.
And I literally drove the next exit down on 95.
And I called my mom from a pay phone.
And I was like, Mom, I made my decision.
I'm going to go to Maine.
Wow.
That's fucking awesome.
He was unbelievable.
He was so enthusiastic about it where he looked you in the eyes and you're like, man, this guy sold me the dream.
Biz, when I say video, no one did video like this.
And this is what I thought.
Like Glenn Patrick?
Yeah.
We told a story on the Monday Hater.
Glenn Patrick would wheel in the VHS thing like you would.
Betamax.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm sorry to interrupt you.
No, no, no.
No, and then he threw in the VHS because we played so bad the game before,
and he made us watch the first two periods with, like, no chopped up video.
No, I've been there.
Waiting out the whistles, the slow changes.
Like, you know, there's no five.
Tom Grace's breakdown in the second and third.
Crazy.
Jimmy Morlock would come in.
So go back to how this guy would bring up video.
So it would be, and you would have a clipboard,
and you'd have all these people breaking this stuff down,
like graduate assistants and people who would be chances for, chances against, hits and turnovers, likes and dislikes, first three minutes, last three minutes.
And it would be like all charts.
You would go down and it would be like 1358.
So like chances for, chance against.
I remember Dan Kerlock, who I played with, had a hat trick.
He was three chances for and nine against.
And he fucking gave it to him.
He was like, I can get fucking guys to score goals.
I don't need you to score goals.
I can't have goals against.
Later on, it's going to matter.
So this guy was at the forefront of analytics.
Absolutely.
Wow.
Absolutely.
We used to have, we won a national title.
In Anaheim, right?
In Anaheim.
Against UNH, I remember watching that game.
And we had different four checks, right, with guys.
You'd have to go and look at your D partners, and the D would have to see who it was, whether
it was like 1-2-2 or two men hard.
Depending on the line out there.
Depending on the line.
Not depending on the line.
Just look.
I already had.
I was 1-2-2, be like center over d oh okay okay so the other team would be like with
each different line yeah that's difficult so the other teams are like what the fuck
is it two manners at one minute yeah what's going on right and and uh for those listening like if
you want to run like a like a one two two yep you know that's a that's a common forecheck that's a very uh passive very passive you know it's kind of like new jersey devil style
or you do it where you do uh the press where that where the d-man pinch and the centermans
the centermans always in support of the strong side defenseman he knew who on the team who on
the team you're playing against couldn't handle what pretty much or he had he thought he knew at
least he would have the he would take an inventory like if you know for me my whole career i'm f1 you know what i mean i'm
kamikaze kamikaze you know blow it up and but like some other guys we had like you know guys from
you know who did different types of style with some euro guys were like all right played on
olympic sheets they were like all right we'll wait this out and you know pick something off maybe we used to in in Wilkes-Barre I don't know if it was Todd Richards or Dan Balsma but very similar in a sense
where sometimes he would call out based on the team we're playing first 10 minutes of the first
period we're playing full court press I love it four checks I love it just to kind of put them
on their heels get a few and sometimes we bank a few early just because we had good teams.
And then halfway through, you'd be like, all right, boys, we're easing off.
We're going back to the 1-2-2.
And he'd call it on the bench.
And I thought it was cool.
I'm like, yeah, it's throwing the other team off.
You're bringing it to the level where each different line had a different one.
Yeah, I mean, the other teams probably think they're going crazy.
Before we move on from Maine, I wanted to know, is there, like, the first game against BU?
Do you remember that?
I remember one of the last games at BU.
I knew you must have had one where it was.
We had one where.
You're yelling at Parker, I'm sure.
No, no, it was unbelievable.
So it's like now it's kind of wrapping up my career.
I've played them a bunch.
D.P.HPHRO's in net
And so actually
The year I sat out
Very quickly
So and he was like
Listen
The NCAA thing
Is not gonna happen for you
You're sitting out
He's sitting out
And I was like
Alright
I played all the preseason games
So he was like
Listen
You're part of it
So I was like
You know
I was like
Julie McCoy
Love boat
Like recruiting coordinator
I brought
Barrett Heiston Barrett Heiston.
Barrett Heiston, first round draft pick.
Alaska, Bazzo.
From the U.S. National Program.
Tricky, Nicky, Dima Tracos.
That's so cool that he made you feel a part of it in regards to where you were picking potential teammates.
Doug Janik.
Doug, Dougie Janik.
Played with him.
Hey, Nico was...
And that's kind of a nice thing for you.
I don't know if it's part of the reason
why you got involved in hockey media
after you were done playing,
but it gives you a different perspective.
All of a sudden, you're just a guy worrying about yourself,
and now you're like,
damn, I think maybe this guy could help us out
because I really like his game,
and now you're watching him play.
No, it was good.
So we'd have all these guys.
These guys in Walsh would come in and give me the crazy backstory.
Remember Jeff Jilson?
Oh, yeah.
So we had Jeff Jilson.
He ended up in Michigan.
Yep.
And he ended up in Michigan, but he was a National Development Program kid too, right?
I believe.
Was he in the OHL?
I can't remember.
Oh, no.
Yeah, he was US National Program.
I think he was part of Mount St. Charles before and all that.
So he comes in and Walsh, he's like, all right.
So he's like, here's the deal.
We have dinner at his house.
We go have dinner.
Walsh, he's cooking steaks out in the grill.
There's people in the house.
Steve Korea's with me.
Oh, no way.
Steve as in Paul's brother?
Yes.
Yeah, I played an exhibition game against him when he was in Long Island,
and he absolutely walked me.
The exhibition game was played in Wheeling, West Virginia.
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah, so that was a tough one.
Sorry to interrupt you.
So you guys were at this cookout here.
So we have a little cookout, and he's like,
so Walsh, he's like, hey, Brandon, why don't you come outside and talk to me?
So we go to the grill. It's like And he's like So Walsh is like Hey Brendan Why don't you come outside And talk to me So we go to like the grill
It's like total suburbia
Where Walsh was
So he comes in
He's like
Alright
Here's the deal
You're gonna
We're gonna talk about
The stats
Where we see him
In the future
A power play
Steve's gonna probably
Bring in some of the stuff
What we're doing
On the power play
But like this was like
Next level
Like the warm and fuzzies
This kid was feeling.
And he's like,
all right, Brendan,
this kid's a forestry major.
Then you insert the forestry
and gave me some backstory
on the forestry thing.
And I'm like,
I'm from fucking Dorchester.
We don't even have fucking trees.
He's like,
all right, well, let's just move on.
We'll move on from that.
He was like,
next thing, next thing.
All right, next thing, next thing.
And so we didn't actually get Jilly, but but uh great player but walshie tremendous so
we could go on for so long but like we still haven't even gotten to pro hockey but but before
we get there the one thing i had written down and i'd heard from a bunch of people is go back
quickly to the ushl days and an incident in dubuque that went down oh so so for people who
don't know that they had we haven't brought up yet this guy is a real was a real motherfucker
to play against you were just a dirty hard-nosed little rat and it was like you took honor in it
so i'm assuming something had happened in the game that led up to this issue in dubuque so i
the ushl uh was great league and so i so I ended up at the end of the season.
I remember being in Dubuque.
And they have stands on one side.
And there was like three seconds left in the game.
Like three seconds left.
I remember this kid.
I think it was Dwyer.
Dwyer.
Big, big, big kid.
Tall.
And he just wants to get into it.
We had won the game.
And he's like right in my face.
He's like, let's do it, let's do it.
And I just looked at him.
He's like, let's go, let's do it.
I just look at him.
I'm like, I'm exhausted.
Just killed a penalty.
And I remembered that.
I just looked at him.
I was like, no.
Bink.
Just drop him.
Just cross-check him.
Kind of near the head area.
So in the nose-ish.
Yes.
And so he drops.
And I just step over him, game's over,
don't even tap the goalie, open the gate, and we walk out.
End the game with a cross-check to the face.
Cross-check, like, boom.
Ref's like, what just happened?
I was like, all right, I'm going to leave now.
See you later.
And so we leave.
So I'm going.
We go into the thing.
And so, like, there's a tunnel where you have to go and get to the bus.
And it's like same thing in any rank candidate.
You go to the bus, the stick bag, the whole thing.
So I'm carrying my bag out to the fucking bus.
And so I see what I think is the Dwyer family just standing there.
And there's a whole group of people just sitting there like
waiting on they're like oh there's walls like you know it's like it's small town so I'm sitting
there and this there's like a tall one a medium-sized one which I think I don't even know
to this day I thought it may have been his brother could have been 15 years old 16 years old so I'm
sitting there and I'm walking out of the
out of the rink and i'm just waiting i'm like i'm gonna get it i'm like i'm this is like i'm walking
through the fire yeah i'm walking through the fire someone's just gonna like either hit me with a
bottle or hit me with something this is gonna get crazy all of a sudden i get i'm like i'm just
waiting i'm just waiting and i'm a lefty, Biz. Keep that for later.
So I go and I get pushed and I just turn around. My bag's on my right
and I use the weight for my bag. I'm like,
I go to smoke.
And I was like, I think it, and I, to this
day, I still don't know. There was like
a kid who was like 15, 16, had like,
the other kid who I went to go hit who hit me
was like, see you later.
Boom. Extra starch on the 15, see you later. Boom.
Extra starch on the 15-year, 16-year-old.
Right?
Just the kid goes, bing, bing.
Oh, right?
Right on.
Extra starch.
And I was like, oh, my.
And so now I just look up.
Right?
The kid's just like, you could eye in him.
Eye in a board.
Eye in a shirt under this kid.
I'm sitting there, and then I get stomped.
Oh, by all of us.
I was like a turtle on my back.
I couldn't get my strap off my bag.
I was like, ah!
And then I rolled over to the side.
It was crazy.
Jesus Christ.
It was crazy.
Oh, my God.
It was nuts.
So I'm glad we asked about that one.
That was it.
So main end, Win a national title
Incredible way to end the college career
What's first step in pro hockey
Where did you get a look
Undrafted
Free agent signing
These are the things that we need
I get some NHL guys like
Obviously you're undrafted
Obviously you're a piece of shit
Obviously you're a fucking rat Obviously your game sucks Obviously you're able undrafted. Obviously you're a piece of shit. Obviously you're a fucking rat.
Obviously your game sucks.
Obviously you're able to carve out a niche in this little shitty career.
I was just petrified in Summer League.
I had to see him in Summer League.
I was just scared.
I was always on his team.
Oh, my God.
You got to trust that.
Free agent signing, UFA.
How did that all go down and where was that?
Minnesota Wild. Okay? Minnesota Wild.
Okay.
Minnesota Wild, the first year of that program.
And believe me, I'll tell you what, it wasn't like the Vegas Knights inaugural season.
Minnesota Wild that year.
No.
That was the time, and there's nothing against, like, and I know what my game is.
There's zero ego, right?
I'm just telling you, like, you want to know what I'm thinking?
So I go to that camp
like Scott Pellerin. Great player. Main hockey guy.
Kriva Krasov.
There was like Darby Hendrickson.
There were guys there.
Was Wes Walsh there then? Wes Walsh?
Yes. Sean O'Donnell.
Sean O'Donnell. He got there late.
He wasn't too happy. That's a story for
another day. You get picked up late,
late, late. That's not who you want
To get picked up by that year
Scary man
Scary
Like eyes like a Mako
Yeah yeah
Just look at him
You're like
Jesus
Like a doll's eyes
I'm like yeah
You look at him
I'm like
So we go to camp there
And I looked at that camp
And I was like
That was the only time
I went to camp
And it was kind of like
Freewheeling going around
And I was like This is the NHL And I'm not bas camp and I was like, that was the only time I went to camp and it was kind of like freewheeling going around.
And I was like, this is the NHL.
And I'm not bashing anyone.
It just wasn't.
Oh, it wasn't. I went to Pittsburgh's camp and it was like, Myra Lemieux, Straka, Lang, Kovalev, Darius
Kasparaitis.
I was like fantasy camp.
Yeah.
It's way different than a first year.
Like, who is everyone?
Yeah.
I was like, hey, nice to meet you.
Hello.
My name is Brendan Walsh.
And if you go against me in a drill, I'll probably...
What's the John Brophy story?
Oh, fuck.
So I get sent down to...
He's a legendary...
Awesome.
AHL, ECHL coach.
Yes.
He did it forever.
Real quick, real quick on the Minnesota Wild thing.
I go to camp.
They're like, there's no fighting in camp.
There's no fighting in camp.
Wow.
And so I'm like, I'm sitting there. They're like, there's no fighting in camp. There's no fighting in camp. And so I'm like,
I'm sitting there.
I had like some college kid
like burn me for a minus.
And like I go
and the kid scores,
like the kid scores,
torches me.
So I line back up.
I'm like,
Jesus Christ,
I'm rattled.
There's like,
and the kid is like,
these are college kids.
Like it was like
we went to Duluth or something.
And I sat there
and I was like,
line up with a face off.
The kid's like, like bumps into me. And I was like, went to Duluth or something. And I sat there and I was like, line up with the face off. The kid's like, bumps into me.
And I was like, I just looked at him and I was like, and I looked at him and I was like,
there's, the kid's like, I grabbed him right when the face off.
The kid goes, there's no fighting.
I go, oh, there's fucking fighting now.
And I don't give a fuck.
And then it started from that fight, like lasted.
And then Shane Kenny, OHL kid.
You know Shane Kenny?
No.
OHL kid.
He ends up smoking Marion Gaborik in an inter-squad game.
Oh, a gabric.
He started a whole Donny's.
Gaborik?
No.
Gaborik?
You love the fact that you fucked up, so you have to be the guy.
Well, I mean, if you're going to correct wit on the, you know, you weren't drafted as opposed to you were a free agent signing.
I have thick skin.
Gaborik ain't getting the fucking Gaborik name.
Can I say it?
What is it?
Gaborik?
Gabarik?
Gabarik.
Either way, you got smoked because you started the brawl camp.
And so he goes out and gets smoked by this kid from the OHL.
I think it was OHL.
Shane Kenney.
Super tough kid.
Great kid in camp. And, like by this kid from the OHL. I think it was OHL. Shane Kenny. Super tough kid. Great kid in camp.
And this kid just freight trains.
And I was like, I don't even know how this whole pro hockey thing works.
And I was like, that ain't good.
That guy's not supposed to be injured.
That guy's not supposed to get blown up with the blue line.
And so I go.
I change some kid.
And I go out.
I go 100 miles on my own.
Trombley was my coach.
And he's like, I don't know if you want to do that.
As I left the bench, I'm like, I think I'm going to be okay. And I just went over there 100 miles on my own Trombley was my coach And he's like I don't know if you want to do that As I left the bench
I'm like
I think I'm going to be okay
And I just went over there
I had a great fight
You know
No winners
No losers
It's all good shit
And I end up hammering him
Dropping him
And then I get back to the bench
And Trombley
And I'm like
I've watched him
You know
With the Montreal Canadiens
And he was like
You got to be from Boston
And I was like
Yeah yeah
What do you mean?
What makes you say that?
Yeah, they told us no fighting at training camp in Pittsburgh one year,
and me and Carcillo went at it for a CineSquad game.
Yeah, I remember I walked in the rink.
It was 8.30 in the morning, and they were shantanized toe-to-toe.
I was like, it's 8.30 in the morning.
I love those early fight camp stories where there's just sparks.
Sparks going off people's hands.
I was petrified.
I'm like, please, nobody do anything to me.
I was at a point in my career where as you get older and your body gets a little more banged up,
it takes a lot to get you warm, and you don't really want to be competing at that time of the morning.
But I knew one speed.
I couldn't just play a tummy stick game in NHL training camp.
I was there to try to make a team.
As stupid as that sounds, as naive as that is.
No, you wake up every day.
You're like, today's the day.
Now, saying that, I ended up almost making the team as an 18-year-old defenseman that year.
I was the last cut.
Did you, like even younger, CM, obviously USGL, you were always just be like, I'm just going to piss everyone off.
That's just how you were always out there.
I think where we grew up, like the neighborhood that I grew up in, and I was able to dance between Dorchester and South Boston.
And the kids that I grew up with, playing with, hanging out with, all incredible ball breakers.
Like you can't hate the
funk you will get scorched but it's like people don't keep you honest and people always be
fucking honest the boston part of this podcast it's really i've brought up before that you go
away and it's like if i'm not chirping you i don't like you like it's this is no and but that's it's
just it like it's just like that here all the time. Yes.
Back to Brofe.
Yeah, let's tell that Brofe story.
I go to Whaling. I go to Whaling after I was in Pittsburgh's camp, which is awesome.
Real quick on the Pittsburgh camp, I've never seen anything like it.
They had, Jalenka was the coach, and I get stuck into the first practice group.
So it's like once the camp kind of broke
And it was right before it went to Wilkes-Barre
So I'm with like
It's Mario Lemieux
It was like maybe three guys who weren't on the team
Who just didn't want to go and golf later
So they just went to the late
Like skated later practice
And the practice was
Was it Rich Keough?
Yeah
Yep
So he's
And Hlink is running the practice
And the practice biz,
these practices weren't built for
guys like you and me. This is like
everyone's 100 miles an hour
where the last guy in line
has got to do something in the drill,
which I hate those drills. Oh, we always got to pay
attention. You got to pay attention. You're like, alright, Jesus
Christ, I forgot that. I'm like, oh, back and
forth. And so, it's
like, if you're the poster child for Ritalin, these practices aren't built for you. I'm like, oh, back and forth. And so it's like if you're the poster child for Ritalin,
these practices aren't built for you.
You're like, oh, my God, this is great.
But I remember that.
Yeah, like pucks are hitting you in the back,
and you're like, hey.
Wake the fuck up.
Wake the fuck up in life.
Anxiety.
No, it's not that.
So every time you just go right to the middle of the line?
Right to the middle of the line.
I was like, I remember, again, we start the line. I was like, I never forget.
We start the practice.
It was like fucking Canadian Olympic drill, right?
It's like, guys, people at home, it's like,
Canada Cup, Canada Cup, just crazy flow drill. It ain't that fucking crazy.
Even I can put up with that one.
But I'm saying the speed, the speed.
Like, these are guys.
And I'll never forget, I was never more emasculated.
Straka was like
Running on his skates
Just like running
Never stick down
So I'm like
And I'm just like
Now everyone's kind of looking
Because now it's the one pass
And then the other guys
Are the pass
But you have
24 guys behind you
Being like
Let me see if this guy
Snaps it tape to tape
I just lay it out there
Just like
So he could not skate into it
No he skated into it
But then he It wasn't even good So it no he skated into it but then he
it wasn't even good
so he's gotta like
kick it up
so he's like
and I'm like
that was my chance
and he kicks it up
he kicks it up
and looks back at me
and laughs
he's like
when you're the new guy
or the no-namer in camp
like you said
whereas like
if you're on the team
for four or five years
and you miss one the
guys make fun of you and you're like haha i'm on a one way i'll see you tomorrow yeah yeah you're
not you're just when you're on a three-way and you know at the point you're going to whaling at
some point during this adventure like yeah so we so anyway that practice goes and i've never seen
anything like it we go for like 38 minutes. Everyone's moving and grooving.
Everyone's flying.
And so they go to the board to like do some drills.
And there was like a pause at the board.
And Mario Lemieux was there.
I'll say Mario.
Mario goes, and the Hellenic goes to do it.
And Mario goes, I think we're good.
Calls the practice.
He owns the team.
Calls the practice.
Okay, so it's over. It's over. He goes, all right, let's go. That's a good skate, guys. So I, hold on. Calls the practice He owns the team Calls the practice Okay so
It's over
It's over
He goes alright let's go
That's a good skate guys
So I
Hold on
I try to slide out
Like right
It's like me and three other guys
Who are like
East Coast League guys
In this group
We're done
I'm like alright cool
And like
Like um
Keo was like
I think we're done guys
Great job
Good job guys
Let's go good skate
And they're like
Alright we got a tee time
See you later bye
And then I'm like Joey Mullen's like Where the fuck do you think we're done, guys. Great job. Good job, guys. Let's go get skating. They're like, all right, we got a tee time. See you later. Bye.
And then Joey Mullen's like, where the fuck do you think you're going?
And I'm like, I mean, just practice.
He's like, I can bag it.
Let's go.
Not for you, it is.
I've told the story on the podcast before.
It was my first NHL training camp with Pittsburgh.
And I was in Mario's group.
That's when he came back.
And Eddie Olchek was a coach.
And that was his first year as head coach. And I was somehow Mario's group. That's when he came back. And Eddie Olchek was a coach, and that was his first year as head coach.
And I was somehow in that group.
And every time that you were the team that wasn't playing in the inter-squad game,
because there was three teams, you would bag skate after.
Well, Eddie Olchek's like, hey, boys, great practice today.
We're just going to end it off with a skate. And then you hear a little whistle and and i look over as well as everyone else does and it was mario and and he he just
gives her one of these like like nah nah we ain't skating to eddie and it's very similar to your
story eddie's like okay boys have a great day and they must have had a tea time yeah yeah and and
and i was like what what i've never seen a player just tell the coach, yo, we ain't bank skating.
It's over.
Yeah.
So it's done.
That's a humbling experience.
So how does this lead to Brophy?
You brought up Brophy.
Oh, so I go to Wheeling.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
You want to talk about the training camp.
I go down to Wheeling.
I see Broph.
I meet the guy.
He's a legend.
Complete, complete legend.
He's out of his mind.
Out of his mind.
Like old school. Old school. Like. He's out of his mind. Out of his mind. Like old school.
Old school.
Like R-Pod Mahaly.
One drill.
One drill.
One drill.
For the whole practice.
Yeah.
R-Pod Mahaly told me that they weren't playing great at one point.
R-Pod Mahaly had a ton of skill.
Ton of skill.
He could skate like the wind.
R-Pod Mahaly was.
Great guy coming off the bus.
No word of a lie.
No word of a lie. One of the more was great guy coming off the bus. No word of a lie. No word of a lie.
One of the more
handsome guys I've
ever played with.
One of the best
practice players I've
ever seen.
Yes.
Yes.
My entire fucking
life.
I was like how is
this guy not in the
fucking NHL?
I said the same thing.
And he's actually
still playing.
I think he's playing
over in Romania which
was where he was from.
Super nice guy.
But he told me he
goes dude I never
had a brofist.
He goes,
man,
that guy would bag skate us
in pregame skate.
Yeah.
Like,
line it up.
Yeah.
Back and,
over and back.
Like,
what?
Over and back.
Like,
that's just how old school.
My first game,
my first game,
I get down to Wheeling late.
I'm like,
completely sour.
I was like,
geez,
I really wanted to make that
Wilkes-Barre,
I mean,
up in Wilkes-Barre,
but they're like,
all right,
it's a contractual thing.
It's going to shake out.
You're going to be right back up.
Grind it out here.
Yep, grind it out.
So I go down.
So their season already started.
So I'm lined up.
And I'm in a dark place.
I practiced once that crazy, like, over and back.
I'm like, what is going on?
Moved into a double-wide trailer.
I was like, what the fuck?
It literally, like, outside my house.
Give me back the Ordo.
No.
like outside my house. Can't be back to Orono.
It was the trucks like downshifting
outside the double wide trailer.
I lived with Kurt Drummond and Dylan Geary.
And so we go to this thing.
I see Shaw.
So I would go play Toledo.
I look over this kid,
this kid Malpy who I fought a bunch.
Oh God, you're playing in the old Toledo barn.
No, we're at the wheel.
Oh, okay, sorry.
We're in Wheeling.
So I go over there, and I go there.
I think I get to start the game.
Don't even really talk to him.
2, 5, 10.
Into the penalty box.
You got this first shift?
Like, to start the game.
I was like, I'm just pissed I'm here.
Like, whatever.
I get into this thing.
I had fought this kid before.
2, 5, get a misconduct.
17, yeah, 17 minutes. minutes right now you're there for
The entire first period first period I get out
Like a minute and a half
Two minutes left right I get out of the thing
I walk out
I'm like all right there's no fucking possible way in my mind
Is this guy gonna put me back on the ice
He's like
Good job and I was like
What yeah yeah don't draw Now I'm like I've been. And I was like, what?
Yeah, yeah.
Don't draw.
Now I'm like, I've been sitting there.
I've untied my skates.
I was done with my belt.
Tie my belt back.
I was like, give me one second.
Let me get dressed.
And so I went back out there.
I liked the thing, but that was broke.
So then we go, we play.
He rewarded you for being a psychopath.
Complete psychopath.
So we go to Reading and they just built this building in Reading.
And the craziest, brof stories I ever had.
So we go to Reading, and it's like one of those games you come off the bus,
and all of a sudden you're like, everyone's like, Jesus, this is crazy.
All of a sudden it's like 3-0 in the first period. Yeah, and they're flying.
What is going on?
Like, it's crazy.
So in between the first and second period
He comes in. I'm like I gotta wake up so I go over and get this coffee and
like I the coffee that I go to pour this coffee and
It literally it's like Jesus. This is like fucking hot lava. I'm like that's hot
That's hot and then I'm waiting for brofe. Brofe comes in, kicks the door open, comes in.
He's like, ah.
So he goes over and pours the coffee, like pours the coffee.
But I'm drinking this hot coffee waiting for this verbal barrage to happen.
I'm like waiting for it.
He's like, the air is getting sucked out of the room before he's like, we're going to do this.
We're going to do that.
So I'm drinking.
I can't even drink the coffee.
And I'm watching.
So I'm like in a different place mentally.
I'm just watching the coffee
in Brophy's hand
right
and the coffee
he doesn't know how hot it is
he doesn't know how hot it is
it's fucking scalding
like it's like
Indiana Jones
pouring off the lava skin
right
and so
I'm sitting there
and the coffee's burning
I'm just sitting there like
Jesus
look at Brophy's hand
this is crazy
and he's like
he goes in
he's like
we're gonna we're to get it deep.
We're going to get it high.
We're going to cycle, cycle, cycle.
Get it over the line.
Get it in.
And then we're going to get shots in the net.
Get shots in the net.
We're going to crash the net.
All of a sudden, this guy comes in, right?
The guy comes in and goes, fucking five minutes.
Like right out of Newsies.
We don't have a daytronics clock.
There's no clock there.
So the guy comes in.
They come in and tell you.
The guy comes in. He's like, five minutes. And Brof's like, get the fuck out of here. He We don't have a Daytronics clock. There's no clock there. So the guy comes in. They come in and tell you. The guy comes in.
He's like, five minutes.
And Brof's like, get the fuck out of here.
There's some fucking coffee in his hand.
So I'm just sitting there.
I'm like, all right, this is just taking a weird turn.
And so I'm like, I still can't drink the coffee.
This is literally him yelling.
It's still hot.
17 minutes of this fucking just him giving it to us.
He goes in.
The kid's like, three minutes.
Like, four minutes. And the guy's like,
I told you to get out of here.
And then after that, we're going to be in there.
We're going to protect the net. The kid comes in a minute later.
He's like, three minutes.
And the fucking bro goes,
I said,
hits the kid with a fucking coffee.
Oh, fuck.
He throws the fucking kid.
He was like, I told how to get out of here.
He was like, you heard Sturridge broke.
He's the most genuine guy, nicest guy.
He was short-wicked.
And he was genuine.
I'm not trying to beat on the guy.
He just hit this guy with a cup of coffee.
The door shuts.
The kid's like, ah, behind the door.
It's a shrine.
It's crazy.
So he gets nuts
So then
All of a sudden
We gotta go on the ice
And like the door opens
The kid's like half
Picking him up
And people are like
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
And so we go
I like step over the kid
I'm like alright
We gotta go
And like we're all
Half stepping over this kid
Gameplay second
We tie it up
I thought Ryan Flynn
Ended up getting
Kicked out of the game
And then I think it was Yeah, Fl Ryan Flynn ended up getting kicked out of the game.
And then I think it was, yeah, Flenny.
And then I get kicked out of the game.
It's not over.
We go on the bus.
I'm like, where's Brove?
We can't find him.
Where's Brove?
We go mobile on the run around the corner.
The police had come.
It's like Slapshot.
Police had come trying to find out where Brove was.
We picked him up at mobile on the run. He left the building. No.olfe was. We picked him up at Mobile on the Run.
He left the building.
No.
Left the building.
We picked him up at Mobile on the Run.
And then nothing ever came of it.
He knew.
He's like, I got to get out of this barn.
I got to get out of here.
Like he knew.
He coached a great game.
We came back.
We got a tie.
And then he knew it was coming and he left the rink.
He saw the fire trucks there helping the burn victim.
Walsh, I want to go back to 01 when you were in camp with the Wild.
Did you start that season in the East Coast League or the AHL, IHL?
I had Todd McClellan in that, and I started there. You must have been young then.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was Todd.
It was a crazy thing.
It was a crazy year.
The owner of the team was some crazy dot-com startup guy.
And then in Cleveland.
The Lumberjacks?
The Lumberjacks and like he had
gone like running off to mexico i think it was like this crazy thing we didn't have it like i'm
like who owns the team like we don't have sticks like can i get sticks like you didn't know what
was going on we had jj daniel oh really all the playoffs and he had a contractual thing that i
saw and it's just a crazy story So I saw J.J. Daniel
We have like a preseason
I mean a postseason
Getting ready for the postseason
A meeting
Todd McCullen
So J.J. Daniel
I'm like I was always like
Jesus J.J. is Montreal Canadiens
I mean
Yeah this guy's done it
Like this guy's done it
Awesome guy
But he had you know
To his defense
He had done it
Like and I don't know what the
Backstory was
Or where it was
Or what the backstory was But he's an awesome what the backstory was, but he's an awesome
guy. Came to play every day. I see him
taping up his sticks. We're getting ready to play Grand Rapids
in the playoffs.
And he taped up his stick. He goes,
guys, I'll see you later. We'll get ready to go.
I only got paid for the regular
season. Picked up a shit. Shut the fuck
up. I swear to God. That was it.
That was it. And this is before
our meeting started. He played the whole season.
And then, because there's no more money, playoff cocky.
He's, see ya.
It was like, he was in a different place.
I don't want him back.
You're telling me, like, obviously they expected him to play playoffs because nobody gets played
in playoffs.
He was just at the end of it where he was just kind of like, I don't owe you shit.
Yeah.
Wow.
That's fucking cocky.
That's like a funny story
To tell on the pod
But
But at the time
You were like
Buddy really
Probably couldn't really use them
Because I was like
I didn't know
Like I said
It was my first shit
I was like
Oh maybe this just happens
I don't know
No that doesn't happen
That's
So I would imagine
Was that his last season
I think it was
Well then
Yeah I think it was
I think it was a long thing
What a way to go
He had one game up in Minnesota I've heard some pretty funny uh um exit stories i think it was
mike green who plays in uh was he playing detroit now yes when i played with him under 18 he told
me one about some euro who came over to the saskatoon blades when he was playing junior
because they would always have the euro draft and they were getting this like crazy Russian. He was a sick player.
And
Mike Green was responsible for grabbing him
on the way to the rink and
Greener went over to his house before the one preseason
game and you know
honked the horn, honked the horn.
Didn't come out. Went and knocked on the door. The kid
comes out and he's like, me no go.
Me no go today. And he's
just like, okay. so he drives to the
rink and like the turn was on the coach's office like hey that fucking russian kid just didn't
want yeah he just didn't want to play today apparently sure as shit they like go like send
over one of the assistant coaches to pick him up he ends up getting there he got there for like
right before game time he ends up getting like two goals in the first period
and then like halfway through the second he just like apparently walked into the dressing room
took all his shit off and then never even saw him again but he said he scored two of the nastiest
goals he's ever seen and like and then he just poof famoose he wasn't having it see you later
we had the same thing i was in providence zinoviev Remember him? Zinoviev Sick Hey so that year
You played with Bergeron
In the lockout year right?
Yes
Did you know
I was in camp with him
And he went to World Juniors
That year I think
Yes
But you know what's crazy
About like
Like hockey in the sense of
Like your path
Has never really
Picked out for you
No
First time
Patrice Bergeron
People don't realize this
You think oh he must be
A Canadian hockey darling
Like he must be part Of the whole mix Never First time Patrice Bergeron People don't realize this You think oh he must be A Canadian hockey darling Like he must be part
Of the whole mix
Never
First time he ever played
He played in the NHL
And then played
In the World Juniors
That was the only time
That's crazy to me
Yeah to play in the NHL first
Like how does that go
And how be so effective
But I was
When I was in camp with him
The one thing that
Jumped out to me
Was like
Just this kind of like
Like Chris Drury in that sense.
Just a quiet, subtle game.
But like he was there.
He never messed up.
Never messed up.
There's never a mistake.
You're like, geez, who's on the back pressure who just broke up that play in the back and just turn around and just go down and score?
I'm like, Patrice Bergeron, Chris Drury, Patrice Bergeron.
He had four goals today?
And you're like, yeah, I didn't even notice it.
But just this kind of business-like game.
He's incredible.
Did you think he'd be as  I'm sorry.
Did you think he was going to be as good as he is today?
Did you see that then?
Yes.
Yes.
Why do you say that, though?
Because I saw him in camp, and he was just
He already played in the NHL.
He played in the NHL, but it wasn't that.
He was everything that he did, and I had played.
And I wasn't, you know, I played with guys who have played in the NHL
and have seen that type of work ethic, that type of focus.
And to see it, and, like, it was there.
He was, like, 18.
It wasn't like a 20-year-old college kid.
This was, like, he was, like, 18, which is great.
The year of that lockout, I went to lockout, I had taken the Boston police exam.
So I called Scotty Gordon, and I said, Gordo, I'm not going to be here.
I don't know what this represents, but I'm going to go take the Boston police exam.
I'm 32 years old.
I don't know what it really represents.
Time to start.
Time to start to figure these things out.
And Gordo's like, hey, geez, absolutely.
So I go take the exam on a Saturday.
I said, but I'll be there for the game on Saturday night
Go to the game on Saturday night
I go there, I get my sticks, four o'clock
Start ripping tape off
And I see Patrice
And so I see Patrice, his English is okay
He goes, uh, Walsher, I did not see you at the morning skate
No, I did not see you
And I was like, uh, yeah
I took the
Patrice took the boston police exam
and he he looked like 19 his life like he's got the next 20 years of playing and then
like his l like his his elevator didn't go to that floor he just looked at me and was like
and just disengaged and like oh he's like i'm playing he was like what and he just looked at
me and was like, all right.
And just walked away.
I was like.
Hey, that French accent you just had.
And that's probably exactly how he said it.
Yes, absolutely.
And he was so polite.
Kind of like.
Oh, he's the nicest kid.
Antoine Vermette.
To me, it's crazy how some of these guys are so committed to it.
And like, listen, I worked hard.
I was committed to the game.
But like, I mean, I'm sure you're the same way,
Whit, maybe you as well.
If there was a very tempting situation,
maybe the night before where I would go out
and I knew I was going to have a good time,
that was just as, if not more important to me
than, like, becoming a great hockey player,
where these guys have sacrificed so much of their life.
It's all they want.
It's all they can.
And listen, yeah,
that might be their personality
where that's what makes them happy,
but I'm like, Jesus Christ.
Live a little.
Live a little.
If I was Crosby,
you don't think at one point
you would have saw me on TMZ
fucking taking a couple bumps
off a hooker's tit
and getting my ween sucked by another one.
Yeah, that's happening.
I think a dead hooker in the car business.
If you were scoring that many goals,
there's definitely a dead hooker in the car.
I've had people burying bodies everywhere.
I still am.
Before Providence,
because I'm looking like trying to get this numerically,
the years, I needed to ask trying to get this numerically, the years.
I needed to ask you about one of the best, and I've heard the story, but people at home haven't,
one of the best all-time pro hockey trade stories when you were traded to the San Antonio Rampage.
So I get traded for this kid, Matt Smith.
So I had Paul Vincent, a hockey legend, and I was literally blessed.
I was literally blessed going through my career with awesome coaches right and
people that you know Neil Shea
got me in Pittsburgh and
Paul Vincent got me to San Antonio
and there's a host of guys so I get
traded and I was a lava soap guy
you know what I mean you know like even in men's league
guys like a lava soap guy is guy who
comes in always has the beer has the good
soap to wash off after like I was that guy
you know what I mean I would always be forgetful to pack comes in, always has the beer, has the good soap to wash off after. I was that guy.
I would always be forgetful to pack the soap. If you bought the soap, you would have
been like, dude, Colin
Elliott, who I played minor hockey
with, and his family had money
too, and he'd always have the nicest shit.
And a loofah.
Can I use a loofah? Can I loofah?
He had a little backpack with all
lotions and keel products.
It was like, Jesus Christ.
You're like, come out.
It's like Sean Avery Jr.
Like, he's fucking glowing right now.
What's your regimen?
What do you got going on?
Oh, no, I take care of myself.
Somebody tweeted me the other day.
Somebody actually made fun of me on Twitter about, they're like, oh, it's so obvious that
Biz is using all the products that Avery was talking about in the YouTube video.
So it's obvious that you're trying to take care of your skin.
That would be a good thing.
Right.
But I'm like, bud, I've been doing the exact same routine for 10 years.
I have a cleanser, a scrub, and then I put toner when I get off out of the shower.
Nice.
And then I apply lotion before I get out the door.
I don't do a thing.
Right.
Yeah.
And some people don't.
To me, I'm getting a bit of a dad bod now because I don't work out as much.
I'm too busy pumping out content for all these fucking mutant listeners.
But no, I take care of my face.
Another thing that bugs me is when guys don't shave properly.
Are you hot razor?
Are you cold razor?
Cold razor?
I'm in the steam room with the shaving cream and then really hot water razor.
But here's one thing I've noticed about you.
Sometimes you'll have the odd long hair around your lip.
Oh, man.
And you can't even stare at it.
I have a light.
You're trying to like, wait, wait.
I can't look at your hair you missed.
No, some people are lazy shavers. And I'm so so ocd i look at their face and i can't even i don't
even want to be friends with them anymore do you not see this on your face yeah i've said before
in the show if you're a guy at 30 or older you need a fucking nose here ear here fucking eyebrow
trimmer all the fucking random oh yeah i get a little bit of a unibrow but i maintain the shit
out of that thing you know who else has a pretty thick one?
And congratulations on the run they're on right now, at least when we're recording this interview.
Carolina Hurricanes' Jordan Martinuk.
He has a unibrow.
He's like Anthony Davis style, but he takes care of it.
He gets their waxed out.
It's like a McDonald's, just the perfect arches right there.
Yeah, he's got the They put the bald eagle
In the middle
And then
Anyway how do we get
On top of it
So we go to the trade
Right
Yeah that's right
The trade
Oh yeah yeah
Your story's heavy
At the missions
I love it
That's fine
We have a great break
And so
I like the fact
That you just keep
Snapping beers
And my throat
Is like the Mojave desert
Right now
You're just like
Snapping beers
In my face.
Grab Walsh.
I have a bottle of Caymus.
Grab Walsh.
And I'm like,
should I bring it up
for these fucking guys?
Should I not?
I can't even get
an Amstel light
from these guys.
I can't get an Amstel light.
So what happens
with this trade?
I get traded
to San Antonio.
I go pack up my bag
and I send my stuff underneath
on the plane
and so it's there.
So I just have a carry-on, right?
Yeah.
And so I think I'm in Chicago.
Yeah, Chicago.
We go down and you have the trams.
Yep.
In an instant,
I see this kid, right?
He's in,
he has hockey sticks.
Tall kid, about 6'2".
And, yeah, I think it's Matt Smith.
I see him and I go over and I'm like, this has got to be the fucking guy I got traded for.
Like, this isn't Chappelle O'Hare, right?
He's going to Wheeling.
I know he's not going to Wilkes-Barre.
They're starting to build it back up. Like, I just, I knew, maybe get a couple games, but I knew he was destined to Wheeling. I know he's not going to Wilkes-Barre. They're starting to build it back up.
I knew maybe get a couple games, but I knew he was destined for Wheeling.
Right?
And I was in Atlantic City on a carryover from a suspension on a suspension from an AHL to East Coast League.
So I get traded from Wheeling, but I'm loaned to Atlantic City.
You keeping up with this?
Yeah, I am
So we're gonna have like
Double suspension
Minority report
As R.A. would say
So I go to
I go in the tunnel
At O'Hare
I see the kid
And I'm like
You know what?
I'm gonna walk up
And say
Hey
Do you get
You and I get traded together?
Like what are the chances?
You see the guy
And he's like this
He's like
Brendan Walsh
I'm like yeah I'm like yeah What's up? he's like brendan walsh i'm like
yeah i'm like yeah it's up he's like how's wheeling and i'm like i don't even answer him
i just go um how's san antonio and so he goes you're going to a fucking you're going to like
golf course in like just sick spc centers unbelievable weather you know a living
situation unbelievable and you're down south it's unbelievable and so i look at the kid and he's
like so how's wheeling i'm like um it's kind of like a steel mill town without the steel mill in
it i don't know and so he's like is it that bad i'm like i get on the train i get on the tram like
takes me out and he's like it was just like setting in and i know and i get on the train. I get on the tram. He takes me out. It was just setting in.
Oh, I know.
I get on the train.
We get traded.
I felt like, insert any 80s song.
I was like, don't you forget about me.
I was like, that's where the trams were going by.
He was sitting like this.
I wanted to push my nipple on the thing.
I was like, I'll see you, man.
It'll be okay.
Oh, Billy.
Oh, Billy. And like, San Antonio
is not like... I had a great time.
Right, but it's not like a super city, but
anytime you're playing in those...
Right, and anytime you're playing in those
lower levels, American League and ECHL,
anything south is good, because
it's sunny out, and it's not as
depressing. Not as gray. No, yeah.
And so I played in England during the lockout. How was that? Because it's sunny out and it's not as depressing. Not as great. No, yeah.
So I played in England during the lockout.
How was that?
I know a lot of guys over there. I played in Cardiff, Wales.
I played in the English Elite League.
Okay.
I love the emphasis on the elite.
I love the people.
I love the drinking culture because it's kind of like Boston.
But I ended up staying there for seven weeks.
I was only supposed to stay for a month because the lock lock hadn't finished and I was late in the fucking league.
I'll keep the change.
You filthy animal.
But by the fifth week, my depression was so bad.
From the gray.
Yeah.
It rained for like three weeks straight.
It's been like that here lately.
I needed some fucking sun.
I don't need it every day.
Wilkes-Barre would get like that.
I lived in Kingston with Doomy.
You lived with Doomy?
Yes, I lived with Doomy.
I had Parsons come over one night.
One morning.
We got in a fight at the Woodlands.
Oh, God.
The Woodlands was a cesspool by the end of my time there.
What is it?
It's like a hotel Connected to like
A nightclub
But it was like
They had like
Koi fish and ponds
It was like
They had smoke machines
Next to like
Cigarette machines
It was nuts
Oh that's when you
Could still smoke in bars
Back then too
You'd have to air your suit out
Like leave it outside
But they're like
They would get like
The dark and drearies
Over there
Like you know
Like you'd just be like
You'd come out
And it would just be like, you'd come out,
and it would just be like this thick fog
and just settling in on that hole.
And you've got a 3-3 coming up with Philly and Syracuse home and home.
Yeah, I want to ask you about one pit stop,
the Jackson Bandits of the East Coast League.
Is that Jackson, Mississippi?
Jackson, Mississippi.
You had 25 games played, 179 penalty minutes,
over seven minutes a game.
Was that your first foray into the pros?
I asked you a few minutes ago.
I couldn't tell if you started in the East Coast or if you started in the IHL that year.
Well, I played the preseason, and my thing was this, and I think, Biz, I think you maybe identify.
It's like one of those things where I knew I could play, but there was like a, there was a thousand guys who could have a little bit of game, you know, could, their decision making was good, could play, could, could create offensively, weren't a liability defensively, but you had
to, like for me, and I didn't worry about the fighting.
Like I, like I said, I, I didn't, it didn't jam me up.
I know some people had a lot of anxiety.
You think it was because you grew up boxing?
It didn't jam me up.
I know some people had a lot of anxiety.
Do you think it was because you grew up boxing?
I think I just grew up with that mentality.
For me, the boxing as a kid, that was a lightning rod.
I was like, Jesus, it's a hockey fight.
How long is this thing going to last?
Two minutes?
I can hang in there for two minutes.
Do you have a lot of street fights growing up in Dott?
No.
Some guys are cool, and not everyone was a tough guy in the city.
I had my fish, yeah. I figured you did. Absolutely undefe everyone's a tough guy in the city. I had my fish here.
I figured you did.
Absolutely undefeated.
I won't say the name, but didn't you have a rivalry with a guy down the street here?
You were like Peter Griffin and the Giant Chicken every time you saw each other.
Oh, Jesus. Go at it.
That could be.
That could be.
That could be.
All right, back to Jackson.
So I went down to Jackson, and it was great, but it was funny.
I had Derek Clancy, I think from Newfoundland.
He's a coach, and I had a pretty good existence and mixed it up.
And I remember Dennis Maxwell.
Remember Dennis?
He's an Islander.
He's a tough kid, and he was running amok.
But I had this thing, and it was just kind of crazy.
I had to have a talk with the coach. So I'm sitting there, and this Dennis Maxwell comes on. He finishes like amok. But I had this thing, and it was just kind of crazy. I had to have a talk with the coach.
So I'm sitting there, and this Dennis Maxwell comes on.
He finishes like four checks.
And so I'm sitting there and watching on the bench.
And I get this.
I get the fucking whistle blows.
I look over, and I get an ass tap.
And I'm like, did you just kick me To let me know I'm gonna fight this kid
Yeah
Like I fight on my terms
You know what I mean
Like in my mind
I'm like I know when to do this
Like
Yeah like don't
But I'm gonna wait for this kid
Who's a complete killer
To back check
For check
And get him at the end of his shift
Where he's completely exhausted
Yeah
And then just to appeal
To his masculinity
Where he's like
I gotta fight
And all of a sudden
The adrenaline kicks off
And I'm like dude
You got
You're done in 10 seconds Yeah You gave me 10 seconds of fury i'm gonna wait you
out that's smart yeah that's how i do anything to win and then yes and there was like a an unwritten
rule yeah where you know i would sometimes be like oh fuck i gotta get on the ice right now my one
leg would be over the boards begging a guy to come off and then if
i went up and asked a guy they'd be like oh you fucking asked me at the end of my shift and i'm
like no dickhead i wanted i just want to fight you but okay sure yeah i get what you're saying
i'll go you next shift but i want one yep whereas yeah going after a guy at the end of the shift is
is was considered kind of gutless but you didn't give a fuck you were just trying to get in guys
heads and and hey that's a that's a smart move on your
pick. I did it to Brian McGratt
once. Okay, well, there you go.
So that's a guy where I would... Yeah, but you can't
be fighting him when he's at full strength. No.
No, it was a good... This is
actually pretty good. So
I saw... So
Colton Orr, who I love... Oh, God.
He was so tough.
I fought him three times in rookie camp in Boston.
And then I had to, like, after the end, I said, dude, come with me.
Let's go to breakfast.
We need to become friends.
We have talks.
No, but I was like, dude, I'm not scared.
I'm not anything.
But we're going to fight each other forever.
Like, we're both going to end up in Providence.
Like, what's the point?
And he was like, okay, alright
Like three times we fought
And I loved the kid, but I was super protective
Was this three days in a row?
No, three times in one game
And then we went to breakfast
And so we took a little breakfast
And a little talk
And everything worked out
Awesome, loved him
Super protective
So I go out there
And Orsi had gone through that year had gone through
like the first part of the like the the nails like had gone through everyone uh flynn uh uh
trying to think david cosi the whole thing uh flynn uh the the big fucker who played in hershey
as well he was in in Monarchs.
Shaved Head?
Yeah, he did have a shaved head.
Okay, so he's now a firefighter in Arizona.
And I fought him when I was in Wilkes-Barre and he was with Hershey.
He was a fucking monster.
He's a scary guy.
Like, shaved head and handlebar mustache.
Yes.
And I'm just finally growing out my full pubes in the american league i've finally gotten there where i got like a nice man bush and some chest hair and you gotta go
this guy who looks like he he works for the sons of anarchy doing shady shit and gang gang
affiliated bullshit so he goes so we had Orze couldn't fight
His hands were like mush
He had gone through
Like the iron
Yeah
Of that
And if people don't remember
Like there's literally
Three guys
Three killers
Per team
In the AHL
Right
And it's like
Vandenbush
Jesse Bollerese
Oh my god
Darcy Vaughn
Jason McDonald
I fought Bollerese
Yeah
A bunch
He was tough
Super tough.
Like these guys, and there's only one guy in the NHL who did that job.
And there's three guys who are vying for the one-guy job,
and it was nuts.
It was heavy.
It was iron.
It was crazy.
I've talked about the Syracuse team when Konopka was on it,
and he made them take crazy pills Whereas like they weren't that good
But it was still
In somewhat modern
Day hockey time where you were
Like hey let's kind of
Keep it close so it doesn't get out of hand
Where like back in
Like 30-40 years ago
If you're playing against a tough team
They would legit just be like hey let's win by
One tonight and if they maybe tie it up late
and we give away a point,
who gives a shit?
But they're just going to beat the wheel.
And that's the way it was.
Even when I first came into the AHL,
it was just getting out of that.
Where there was like a heavyweight,
a light heavyweight,
and a middleweight.
Not three heavies.
So what happened with McGratton on this one?
It was funny because I actually listened
to the podcast. He was great.
He's awesome.
And I don't really know him that well.
I just know him from the times I played
with him. But when you guys
talked about him and you talked about Ray Emery
and I was like, I was
driving listening to the podcast and I was like,
oof. Because I saw them.
They had like, the day I was like oof because I saw them they had like the day I
were there I found out
that Binghamton was having their
rookie party in Providence or having some
type of party so I
see them at the Providence Place Mall
it was like McGratt and Emery and that's the thing
I remember they were like Laverne and Shirley
Shamil, Shamazo like all doing the mall
thing like walking I was like on the other
side of the Providence Place and I was like buying socks or something and we had the mall thing, like walking. I was like on the other side of the province place.
And I was like buying socks or something.
And we had a game later on that night.
And I was like, but it hurt me because I was like, they were that close.
They were super close.
And I remember like Emory loved the nonsense, loved it.
And I don't know him as much as just like high by, but just an infectious kid,
like grinning behind the mask if it
was crazy oh yeah dude like just grit loved emory's motor was he went not a lot of guys had a motor
like him whereas like in the in the face of adversity or any type of like he's laughing
chaos yes he's fucking he's yes he's born for that oh just like just like a happy sailboat like
yeah it's a hurricane around him.
He's like, oh, we're sailing.
The bad stuff's not coming down for a while.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
What's his name?
The guy with no legs.
No, in Forrest Gump.
Oh, yeah.
Lieutenant Dan.
Yeah, Lieutenant Dan.
Lieutenant Dan.
So I see them.
I know they have a rookie party.
I have some type of party.
And so he comes out, and Orsy's hands are jammed up. So I see them. I know they have a rookie party. I have some type of party.
And so he comes out, and Orzy's hands are jammed up.
And I was super protective of Colton.
I was like, all right, man.
I was like, don't go anywhere.
Don't go him tonight.
Just fucking just wait.
So I always stretched out the red line, little chit-chat.
I always loved little chit-chats.
It was going on.
It was like a total sewing circle. You know what I mean?
And I would just, you know, just talk.
You just got in a mix. Oh, just sweet talking and headlocking sweet talking and headlocking
oh yeah just to come in and just like louis robert i come by just take a snapshot oh louis
robert i was just like snapshot off his leg just stupid shit louis robert i uh for those listening
played in hershey yes he was a piece of shit i would have loved to have played on his team though
yes i know and he's a great kid
And everyone I talked to
Who played in Portland
I played in Portland
Were like dude he's not that bad
I fought him like probably 3 or 4 times
I actually threw my glove at the red line
Like you know people sitting around
And everyone's just jarring
Like hey fuck you
He starts his shit right at the red line I just looked at him and was like you know what just jarring and like hey fuck you he starts his shit like right
at the red line i just i just looked at him i was like you know what and i saw paul vincent dude
who's like the straight like uh conditioning strength coach on the ice and he used to throw
gloves to kids who weren't paying attention i was like i'm gonna pull old mr vincent middle of a
fucking hl hockey game i just looked at him i was like sunk just send a glove straight across the
rink and gash him in the face and i'm like that's what i did no just i was like, sunk, just send a glove straight across the rink and gash him in the face.
And I'm like, that's what I did.
No, I just, I was like, how embarrassing is that?
I just threw my glove at you.
Like, if that doesn't get you going, I'm just like, oh, you know, that doesn't get you.
Are you like, did you just throw a glove at me?
Yeah.
You threw your equipment at me?
Yeah.
Not your stick.
You didn't even have the balls enough.
And if he won't fight you the rest of the game, you're like, dude, I degraded
you in front of all your own fans. Absolutely.
So anyway, back to McGratton.
I go, and he comes up,
McGratton comes out, and he was
feeling, like he was fearless. He's
super, super tough. He comes
out. Long hair. Dude, long hair.
Vaseline on the face. Just
woo! Right out of the gate.
Warm-ups ups And just like
Everyone's like
Oh my god
Big kid
He's establishing his dominance
Oh he's
He could have pissed on the red line
Like
I'm here
This is my rink now
Like just total
Total domination
And so I'm sitting there
He comes over
And he was stretching
On the red line
I'm like hey dude
Orz he can't go
He's like well
I was like well
We all gotta play through it
You better tell him
He's ready to go And I'm like What I'm like Right now You can't go He's like well I was like well We all gotta play through it You better tell him He's ready to go
And I'm like what
I'm like what right now
You can't go
He's like
He's off
Just skates off
And I'm like alright
I'm on my mind
And he would high step too
He was
Oh high step
It was all show
When I say
Reebok white
White skate
Yeah oh just
In like a big
Big
Like just
Make it entertaining.
Oh, yeah.
So I'm like, all right, fuck.
I'm like, Orzy, don't go with this kid.
I'll figure this out in my mind.
I'll figure this out.
I'll figure this out.
So the first shifts, they don't get out together, right?
They're like at the end.
They're kind of staring at each other.
Like they go in.
They don't go.
You're trying to broker a deal.
Broker a deal, right?
And so I'm like, in my mind, I'm like, shit, shit.
So all of a sudden, I'm like, ISO cam him.
He goes back check, forecheck.
He gets a couple shots on net.
He's gassed.
I call, like, Keith a coiner off.
I'm like, coiner!
And Scotty Gordon's like, Jesus, who's calling line changes?
I change up.
I go over.
I catch him by his bench, and I just, like, rim rock him,
just, like, jump in the air, smoke him in the chest.
Doesn't do anything to him.
He's gigantic, and gloves are off.
And I'm just going, and I'm on for the ride.
It was, like, eight seconds.
And he's just coming in, and he's tired, but I know he's tired.
Referee's coming in a second.
Like, I look at the refs.
Like, I think we're good.
He's, like, in the middle of just starting to, like, feed me.
I think we're good. I think we're good.'s like in the middle of just starting to like I think we're good I think we're good tap in and so we go to the penalty box
so we go to the penalty box and normally I'm just chirping you know bullshit and you know giving it
back as much as I'm getting it I sat straight like this and when I say he got up he was like
it's gonna be I'm going to kill you. I'm going to tell you right now.
This is bullshit.
He couldn't even, the wires couldn't even touch.
He was like, I'm going to center ice next face off when this is done.
He gives it five minutes.
He's like this.
And I just look at him.
And I'm like, I just look over like a minute and a half left.
And I'm like, I was like, I wouldn't fucking fight you in a month of Sundays on the straight straight like i wouldn't fight you straight up i said i'll break a stick over your head i don't care
and he was like he's like i was like okay do you want to fight again i'll fight again you guys have
a rookie party tonight you guys are partying tonight i'll make sure to give you a black guy
you want to walk around with a black guy in providence you want to go to federal i mean go
federal hill altwell's out with a black guy and go to the strip joint And not have a good time
With a big black eye
And he's like yeah okay
So then after
It was like three weeks later
We go up to Bingo
And I go up to Binghamton
And I'm stretching out the red line
And he's a good guy
He stretches out
He's over the red line
He's like stretching out his groin
Hey Walshy
and i'm like this i'm like hey what's up he's like how do you feel and i was like
i don't want this i just got up and like disengaged i was like i was like all right i'm done i'm done
but i i feel like the line he's such a good kid i feel like the line in the penalty box made him
be like okay this guy is a fucking beauty and now i can just kind of toy with him and we're
gonna have a good laugh about it.
Because you got to keep in mind,
we're playing, our guys like us
are playing five minutes a game.
We got to find other things to keep us occupied.
I think with that, honestly, we have to like wrap this up
because I think people can tell
that we could do this for four hours.
But I think we just make sure you come back on this summer.
I would love to.
I would love to.
I mean, you listening to this and getting to come back on this summer. I would love to. I would love to. I'm totally humbled.
You listening to this and getting to come on is just perfect.
Thank you.
Let me do one more quick one.
Nice.
Okay, your last season, Low Lock Months is one game.
Did you play it and realize that was it?
You were done?
Did you get hurt?
What was the story with that?
No, I was coaching.
This is an amazing story.
Keith McCoy is playing for Low.
Joel Roullier played for Manchester, right? Andell Joel Roulier Was Played for Manchester
Right
And so Joel Roulier
Was torturing them
Right
Like Lowell
They were
Like they had all college kids
It was like Brian Yandel
Was on the team
They had a bunch of guys
On the team
Oh my god I know this story
Yeah so a bunch of kids
On the team
So Tom Rowe
And Keith Akoin
Call me on my
While I'm in the office
Coaching at Northeastern
They said hey
Can you come back and play
And I was in good shape
I try to keep myself in shape
Just like yourself is
Try to stay lean
Ready to go
You're not that pudgy
The old dad bod
So I didn't have dad bod
So I was like yeah I'm in
I'll go do it
But I had previous fights with Joe Rouillet
Which I have my favorite thing with joe
was i had some guys on who are in manchester who knew him and i know it's not this isn't anything
against him i just like you know those guys i'm like you take up a lot of oxygen in a room
and just i'm like and the guys are like all right i was like what's the steward roulier you know i
talked to my buddies and team who were nameless i don't want to blow them up and so they're like
ah this is how he is
This is how he is this thing but he's a good guy
But I'm getting ammo so
I was like all right good so we go to
Go to Manchester's like while I was playing in
Providence we're stretching out at the red line Joe
Comes over it's like Camilleri
Dougie Nolan couple other guys
Just sitting there and I'm like
Hey guys we're stretching out talk
About something else he comes over like just to kind of be in because it's chit-chat time, right?
Red line.
You guys know it's warm-ups.
Like, hey, what's going on?
What are you guys going on?
What are you guys going to do later on?
So he comes over.
I'm like, guys, seriously, blink your eyes if you don't like Joe.
Just blink.
I know you can't say it.
Just blink if you don't even like this kid.
And he's like, what is that? I even like this kid and he's like what is
that like what i'm like he's he's a jerk right you just you don't have to say don't say it like
stretching out and guys he doesn't like it so anyway he tortures lol i come back for the game
so i come back to play lol i sign up pto go back and play lol come out of the warm-ups i took a
little script from b McGratton
I'm like, maybe guys have a thing. I got some penalty minutes
I got a little bit of pedigree come right out and it's like the stat pack
How much is the stat pack you guys even tell oh my god
Can you see look and you look and say oh who the fuck is this guy come up for the u-haul for 400 fucking minutes?
Like does anyone know this fucking guy anyone knows you left?
Before YouTube existed.
Before YouTube existed.
I'm like, does anyone have a Betamax tape on us?
You're looking at the ancient scrolls.
Did you come on the ice legit running and yelling?
I came running on the ice.
I'm like, I took a little page out of Mr. McGratton's book.
Came running on the ice.
And I was like, Joey, what's up?
And he just like
He didn't see the stat pack
He was just like
He's like
He was like
What the
And I was like
Oh it's on
It is on
Like Grey Poupon
And it's gonna get weird
And he was like
What what what
And he was like
So he played a couple shifts
Shut him down
They were like in the playoffs
Wow
Yeah yeah
Didn't come out
They brought in their enforcer
From Northeastern coaching staff.
Yeah.
And you didn't even have to go.
Didn't have to go.
I came out.
I came out.
I got like a...
You Muhammad Ali,
you fucking mentally torpedoed.
Two minutes.
I still got two minutes.
I got on the sheet.
You wanted to get a hooking.
You got a hooking or something
just to get in there.
Of course I did.
No, it was like,
no, the obstruction was there.
Like my stick went to like
fucking 90 degrees.
They're like, obstruction.
I'm like,
this wasn't even in the league
when I was there. Maybe grandfathered in., this wasn't even in the league when I was there.
You should be grandfathered in.
This wasn't even in the league.
What's the rule? What is the rule? What do you mean?
I gotta keep my feet moving? Hey, Joe didn't read
the stat pack and you didn't read the rule book, so
you guys are even. Both. That is the perfect
way to end this though, but I mean,
dude, you're a guy that you're hanging
around the rink running to you. It's awesome hearing
these stories. Also to you, great job now, Boston police officer.
It's pretty cool to know that you're out there
protecting everyone in the city of Boston.
But it means a lot for you to come on and listen.
So thank you very much.
And we'll have to do this again.
Absolutely.
Thank you, guys.
I really appreciate it.
Yeah, it's been a blast.
I had to come back in and just unburden myself.
It's perfect.
It is cathartic.
We're like Oprah's couch today.
Thank you very much, guys.
Thanks, pal.
That interview was also brought to you by SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simpler way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the easiest, smartest way to get tickets to every type of live event,
whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift, or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team, SeatGeek helps you find
the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed. Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest
plays of the year, and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value. Like I always tell
you, I've had the app on my phone for ages now. I go to plays, I go to concerts, I go to games all the time
because the SeatGeek app is
so easy to use. It saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices and
find amazing deals. And to get the most bang for your buck, SeatGeek grades every ticket based on
value to help you immediately identify the best seats that fit your budget. If you're a cheapo,
they take care of you. If you like to spend the dough like the wit dog, they take care of you
there as well. So make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of
ticket from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all,
our listeners get 10 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code hockey today.
That's promo code hockey for 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek,
right seat,
right now,
right from your phone.
Thank you very much to Brendan Walsh.
That was a blast.
The stories about Big Ernie, Brian McGratton,
some classic stuff right there.
So there's a way you can talk your way.
There's a time you can talk your way out of anything.
I think he proved that right there.
But thank you very much. And R.A., you were at game one and two of this Boston Carolina massacre, no?
Yes, I have been.
And now that I'm full time, I'll be going to every game from here on out,
thankfully.
And I won't have to do it on the clock.
Now I can tell these stories.
And you don't have to sneak in anymore because you've got an actual credential.
Exactly.
No, I used to have to sneak out of work and, like,
pretend it was my lunch break, go to the game,
and have to rush back in town.
So I won't miss having to do that. What you do on your lunch break have 43 beers and smoke nine
joints oh it's the bruins game and yeah and got the w as well yeah boston carolina let's go back
to thursday's game one uh bruins wrote a big four goal third period to turn a 2-1 deficit into a 5-2
win uh they looked like crap the first couple periods the canes really outplayed them i thought
it was a pretty choppy game by both sides,
but the Canes had the advantage in play.
Then the Bees woke up third period,
outscored them 4-0 to steal the game.
Then today, man, today was just a bloodbath.
Like we just mentioned the stat,
93.8 of teams that go up 2-0 in conference finals.
That's not all players.
That's just conference finals.
I was considering that today with Carolina,
so they're down 2-0.
Matt Kraslick, what a story.
His mom was in attendance for Mother's Day.
He gets two cookies.
Bruins get the win.
Best Mother's Day gift ever.
What do you think of this one with today's game?
Well, I'll tell you.
Sunday's game, sorry.
I'll tell you right now.
The World Championships are going on, so it's just like a side thing.
And why is Ryan talking about the world championships right now?
Well, today I saw USA was playing France, right?
And they dusted them 7-1.
And Canada's playing Great Britain at some point.
Why does this series look like the world championships?
What is Carolina doing?
Are you kidding me right now?
Peter Mrazek, he looks horrible.
Can't stop the puck.
Curtis Macklin, there's no chance he's not starting game three. There's no chance that
doesn't happen. And the Bruins have played very
well. They're a better team overall,
but God, is the Magic
over that quick? I thought it would
be a little more than what we've seen in
two games. I mean, yeah, 2-1
going into the third, so was it a
horrible effort in game one by Carolina? No.
But to get dominated in the third period
like that, and then for all day, just to get
shit kicked around on Mother's Day,
that was tough to watch.
The Bruins, yes, give them a ton
of credit. They're all playing well.
I watched the game today.
Who had a bad game? You know what I mean?
It's like everyone's clicking. Everyone looks good.
When you win 6-2, it's hard for anyone to look bad.
But still, it's like, God, they get the win without McAvoy.
He comes back in.
He looked phenomenal.
Grizzly, what a story that is.
For everyone who  I think everyone knows by now that his father was a part
for 30 years already on the Bull Gang, which is the group that changes the ice
at the Garden to the Parquet for the Celtics to the concert venue back to the ice,
and they're just constantly moving and shaking things all around the Garden
to get it ready for whatever event's there.
And they grew up less than a half mile from the arena,
and this guy's worked there his whole life, and his son scores two goals,
first star of an Eastern Conference final game for the Bruins.
Played at BU, played at the national program, similar route to myself,
the witness, and it was so cool to see because I know him well enough
to know that he's such a good kid, very genuine.
And you see like a hometown kid having a star, big game in this type of atmosphere,
in this setting.
It was an awesome story.
So the Bruins right now are a complete wagon.
Carolina's embarrassing, right?
They look horrible.
Have you seen what part of their game is good?
I mean, there are no shows.
I didn't hear Sebastian Ojo's name once today.
Nino Niederreiter, where was he?
It was just a bunch of guys that didn't show up in a huge game.
And now they were down 0-2 to Washington.
Look how that ended up.
It just seems a little different right now.
Yeah, exactly.
I was going to say the same thing. They're down
0-2 to Washington, so I'm not going to count them out yet.
They have showed some
signs of resiliency in these playoffs.
You can't follow up by giving
up four goals in that third period to drop
game one with a stinker like that.
In the first, they were
bad. They didn't even have anything from the get-go.
Right. You've got to come
in swinging. Definitely a goal-tending change, right. You gotta come and swing, and definitely a
goaltending change coming here.
Going back to that first game, I
thought that call that ended up leading
to the game winner, I believe, on Dougie
Hamilton was bullshit.
Like, that was fucking
bullshit. Like, how...
The one in the corner, right? On North Shore?
Yeah, he went to hit him on the boards, and
whatever. And, like, those are the types of fucking calls where it's like, come on, man.
Were you watching it or not?
At what point, what the fuck was that a penalty?
Rob Brindamore's reaction was perfect.
Oh, it was so funny.
That's going to be a gif or a meme or whatever for a long time coming.
But Boston is just rolling.
Their depth is coming.
Like, no offense to this Grizz.
Is he a player?
What lines is he playing?
He was
an enormous recruit.
He was one of the top players
for his age group from
14, 15 years old in
the United States.
Just a guy who is undersized,
but now it just doesn't matter when you could skate like that.
Remember he tours ACL at BU that sucks,
but to look like he does now,
it just shows that surgery isn't a career killer anymore.
I mean,
this year he played 66 games.
He had 18 points.
He's on the,
he's on the fifth,
fifth,
sixth pair him and Clifton right now.
And they look great.
And to have those two guys playing the way they're playing as you,
as your bottom two D that's when you know know you're a championship-caliber team.
Yeah.
No, they have great depth.
Ari, what do you think about this one?
Yeah, he's on the third pair, Biz.
Grizz, he is.
But he doesn't play like a third pair D.
I mean, I think he could be on a second pair on a lot of teams.
And to echo what, you know, Whit said, it is a great story.
I mean, he grew up right across the bridge.
His father's been on the Bull Gang slash Ice Crew for 40 years
and, you know, have his mom there in attendance.
Is he still doing it?
I don't know.
I think he is.
I don't know if old man Grizz retired yet.
I'll have to ask him next time.
So you think he's the type of guy where once maybe Char is gone
and they lose a couple other pieces, whatever,
he's a guy who can step in and eventually be a top four?
It's just a lack of ice type.
Obviously, you've got to play Char a certain amount.
You think you're going to elevate it to that?
I think he could be a top four defenseman in the NHL.
He's not a top two pair guy.
A top two pair guy, you either have to be a very good puck mover
to play on that one, too.
There's some good puck movers who are a little bit of liabilities defensively
where you consider them a second deep pairing puck mover,
or you've got to be a complement to that puck mover
where you're very responsible defensively
and you're able to kill penalties and maybe even play power play.
Like you've got to be a Swiss Army knife on the back end.
Yeah, I think if you put him on a lot of other teams,
he would slide in very comfortably on the second pair.
I thought Brindamore should have yanked Petem Razic
after that third goal today, not because he stunk. I mean, the first one he should have. But to wake the team pair. I thought Brindamore should have yanked Peter Mrazek after that third goal today.
Not because he stunk.
I mean, the first one he should have.
But to wake the team up, I thought.
Well, here's the thing, though.
Mrazek's given up what?
Boston scored 11 goals in the first two games.
I mean, I don't know if any of them were empty netters.
But one of them was.
But why would you put McIllany in and risk injury?
Like, Mrazek seems like, hey,
he ain't going to get the job done against Boston.
They're going to need some type of elevation,
a goaltender that's going to steal a game,
and Mrazek's just lacking confidence right now.
I think you don't put him in.
You guys are probably thinking, oh, let him get back adjusted
to the speed of it, take some shots,
get back on the flow of the game.
I'm more in the sense of, like, hey, what happens if this guy tweaks his groin? Like, you know, it was take some shots, get back on the flow of the game. I'm more in the sense of like, hey, what happens if this guy
tweaks his groin?
It was a nothing game. So you've got to worry
about the next game.
And in some cases, I would agree with what you're saying,
but I'm more so on the other
point. How about the
I'm hearing local
stuff, the moronic fans.
I mean, Chara has not
looked great with the puck, but people are like
bench Chara, Chara sucks.
Yeah, you don't want to shift.
Shut up.
When he gets the puck, it's not pretty,
but do you realize the hole in the Bruins
lineup if Chara wasn't playing?
I mean, he's still out there defending.
He's still an enormous presence. He's still
a guy that if he was hurt when he got hit with
that puck in game one on the wrist shot and his
foot looked injured, you're like, oh, dude, they
would really miss Zdeno Chara right
now. It would affect the
full feng shui in that lineup.
That whole team and Krejci,
he looks solid again. He takes heat.
Don't really understand it, but
more than anything, it's Tuukka's time right
now. Today, he made kind of
a stupid mistake on the second goal.
Did you listen to Boucher's comments about it?
He said that he thought he was going to the D-man.
Yeah, so Boucher is awesome, and he's very good.
He's able to give that forward perspective too,
but he was a goaltender, right?
But on this play, he was asked, and he said,
well, typically you don't want to like try to roll anything
over you're going like quickest direction just very hard because because i mean you're a goaltender
something could slip out you could the puck could flutter and you're to turn it over he also said
that that carlo might have been obstructing his vision to where to the lane that that guy was in
as he was releasing the puck and then all of a sudden the you know the ocean's part it's
like oh shit now it's now it's a pizza but uh i think you just got to go with your first thin
thing so it was nice to hear a goaltender's perspective on that and it made me be more
sympathetic to what to what rask play was yeah boucher he is a great announcer i mean carolina
came to play i thought at the beginning they were very physical corral he got buried that one hit
on grizzy i didn't know if he was going to be able to come back to the game when he
got buried on the board Sunday. I'm sorry. I just
left the game. I still have today on the brain, but it's
Sunday's game. But, you know, the Bruins aren't
afraid of a street fight either. And once
they got on the board, they woke up and they just played the way
we're used to seeing them play. And Carolina simply
couldn't hang. I thought Marcus Johansson
was the Bruins' best forward on the ice today. That
line, Johansson, Coyle, and Heinen, absolutely
fucking dominated. And, I mean, Mojo, he's the guy we saw in the, Johansson, Coyle, and Heinen, absolutely fucking dominated.
I mean, Mojo, he's the guy we saw in the Capitals a few years ago.
He looked like that player today out there, I thought.
Yeah, shout out to everyone.
What a stupid trade.
He looks pretty good to me, you dumb fuck.
I also think it's hilarious.
I need you guys to know that one of the golf clubs I belong to, they put Wagshead, the hat on.
Wollaston, it's a great logo.
Indian.
Indian.
It says 1895.
We call him Squanto.
Great logo.
One of the best on any golf course we've ever seen.
So Wagshead, the Wollaston hat on was Squanto.
And Wollaston's Instagram put a picture up.
Hey, spotted member.
Because he's a member there.
Chris Wagner wearing Squanto at his press conference,
Eastern Conference Final.
Some guy writes beneath it,
love Squanto in the picture,
but don't love the neutral zone turnovers.
Jesus Christ, tough, tough crowd.
So Keith Handel's also a member there.
He writes at the bottom,
hey, buddy, why don't you just sit on the couch
and enjoy the ride?
Just giving it back to him.
Then I had to respond.
I'm like, this guy is probably a pylon.
So you can't come after a pro hockey player on your country club's Instagram, buddy.
That's going to be an awkward meeting.
That's going to be an awkward shower time.
Hey, man, watch this season on the Bruins.
Congrats on the Stanley Cup,
but you got to work on your neutral zone turnovers.
Goaltending needs to improve.
That's obvious.
Special teams for Carolina definitely needs to improve
because Boston's so good.
You got to elevate, and that's just not happening.
I talked about the magic that Carolina had.
There was just like, listen, I don't think they're supposed to be
in the conference finals.
And a lot of people didn't think it was going to happen either.
And they've been on a magical run.
I just  I can't see  that can only bring you so far.
That can help you in a terminate-type setting
where it's one game elimination.
But a seven-game series series we're going to figure out
who the big boys are and we've talked power play pk at ad nauseum is that correct usage of that
all right absolutely you're in a fucking role today talk about feeling it so we've talked about
special teams ad nauseum carolina i think their pk is clicking around a 70 percent rate that's
horrific that means the teams are about 30 against you,
which is an incredible power play.
So their PK isn't good, and their power play isn't good.
So you're looking at the real factor of what's happened here.
It's special teams and poor goaltending,
which is kind of going in the same direction.
R.A., what did you make of another bad call, I felt,
that went in Boston's favor was when Marshawn kind of got high on Williams,
and then Williams got up and the frustration let out,
and he grabbed him by the face.
And then, of course, Marshawn was taunting him with the captaincy,
like he was doing the gesture with his hand.
Like, what do you think of that?
I mean, I think the refereeing has been ticky-tack all series.
I'll be honest with you, Biz, that was one I didn't get to see the replay on.
That's one thing at the game, sometimes I don't get to see a lot of the replays.
But just in general, some of the calls are just ticky-tack.
I mean, we're seeing guys getting literally tapped,
like the one actually Williams did go down.
He got tapped on his pants.
He went down.
It was 5-0, and he's trying to draw a call.
I get it.
But, again, I almost feel like we're sick
of fucking bitching about the ref, and I think today was the
one game. I'm sorry. Sunday was the
one game. It really wasn't a factor on the game at all.
It was just too much
ticky-tack shit. I just don't know why they're
calling so much ticky-tack shit.
But I'll tell you, man, the Canes got their
work cut out for them. They need to beat
Tukorask four out of the next five games.
Today, I was asking, was it just a tough effort at a bad time
or are we just starting to see the disparity in the talent in the two teams?
And I think it's the latter.
I think the Bruins are just a better team
and they're a little more of a well-oiled machine right now.
And I bumped into one reporter up north today,
and after the first period he said, what do you think, Bruins in three?
I don't know if it's going to go that short.
Obviously it's got to be at least four, but
today was a show.
That's why he's full-time,
folks. Hey, you know what Carolina needs
right now? Vladimir Putin.
That guy was a buzzing...
Oh, my God. How did somebody
let that guy skate into
the fucking...
What do you mean? You can't deny him. He had
eight goals. He's like the Wayne Gretzky of
fucking men's league. His hands have gotten
way better, too. He went to the backhand on that
one. He looked like Gryzlik today on that goal.
Now, on a serious note, there was
a clip of him scoring on the breakaway.
He actually made a pretty nice move, but it went
through the goalie's five-hole, which I think he opened
up on purpose. But by the
time he scores
the goal, the number 55 defenseman had already stopped
and started skating towards the center ice circle,
like literally just fucking letting him score.
Is he that crazy where if you try to play hard against him,
he's going to have you murdered?
I mean, more than people just talk about it and find out.
He's a murderous dictator.
Of course they'll skid shit of him.
That guy doesn't want to get fucking garrotted after the game.
Right, but I mean, like, do we think Putin's to the level where
if you poke check him in a men's league game that he, like, fucking, you know,
he gets on the phone on the bench and he's like, yep,
and then all of a sudden there's a red dot on the guy's jersey out there.
He doesn't even have to pick up the phone.
He just looks at someone in the audience.
Honestly, I'm not even being smart-ass.
Nothing would surprise me at all
with him.
I don't think someone's fucking getting... Maybe if
they bump into him and he tears
an ACL by
accident, but maybe that's why they don't even go near
it because they don't want to risk that potential
injury. That would be catastrophic.
Has anybody actually found the guy who put
the carpet down on the ice that he tripped over?
Have we found that guy yet?
Good hell, he posted the video.
He's bringing logs in from the
forest for the next couple years. It's just a
never-ending gig. Keep that furnace
going. I was legitimately scared
after I posted that video.
I was going around the office. I even asked
Eric Nardini. I'm like, hey, do you think I should
delete this? I'm kind of worried for my life here.
So then you wrote a blog sucking him off.
Yep.
I wrote a blog immediately after talking about how he's the greatest hockey player ever.
And I'm just shocked that Vladimir Putin has time to run a country
and that he chose to run a country when he has the skill of that level.
Hey, he probably crossed your name off.
In Billy Madison. Billy Madison right after he read that blog. He's like, okay, your name off like in, uh, in Billy Madison, Madison,
right after he read that blog, he's like, okay, that kid's okay. That kid's okay. Puts them,
put the lipstick on. Hey guys, before we go any further, I just want to talk to you for a minute
about Stitch Fix. Not all clothes are fit for all men. With Stitch Fix though, your personal
stylist will send you clothing that makes you look your best. Less one size fits all, more,
this fits your style.
Stitch Fix is an online personal styling service that delivers your favorite clothing brands right
to your door. To get started, go to stitchfix.com slash checklets, answer some questions about your
preferred style in your personal shop, or we'll ship you a box of clothes, shoes, and accessories.
There's no commitment required, and you only pay for what you keep. Shipping exchanges and returns are always free.
Can't beat that.
Plus, the 20 styling fee is automatically applied to anything you keep from your box.
You'll never have to think about looking good again with Stitch Fix.
Get started today at stitchfix.com slash chicklets
and get an extra 25 off when you keep everything in your box.
That's stitchfix.com slash chicklets's stitchfix.com slash chicklets.
Stitchfix.com slash chicklets.
Speaking of the press box, Biz, you just give me shit for.
I bumped into a few chicklets alumni over the last few days I've been up there.
I saw Mike Motto at game one.
He's chomping at the bit to get on chicklets once again.
He's such a fucking cat.
He came on before Biz, too.
Yeah.
He was in on with Biz.
He's the best.
Yeah, I want to get him on.
You guys said he was one of the best.
Who else did you mention?
I was going to mention, too,
Bruins' five-game win streak right now.
You'll see those very often in playoffs.
Yeah.
I also bumped into Matty St. Louis.
I had to say hello to the boys.
I bumped into him.
Actually, it was the first round.
Nothing like walking on the elevator and having a Hall of Fame
extend his hand to say hello.
Any mention of Teddy Purcell and him talking about his Hall of Fame, extend his hand to say hello. Any mention of Teddy Purcell and
him talking about his Hall of Fame?
Yes. Yep. He mentioned Teddy and
Bugsy as well. We shot the shit for a little bit
and I bumped into Chris Johnson,
Toronto reporter. I introduced
myself because we had him on the show before, but I had
never met him and we had a few laughs shooting the shit
together and they said to say hello as well.
It's pretty cool to run into these people that
we interviewed and I hadn't met before. He's a good guy. Speaking of Teddy Purcell, I'm not going to say hello as well. So it was pretty cool to run into these people that we interviewed and I hadn't met before, so he's a good guy.
Speaking of Teddy Purcell, I'm not going to say he didn't blow me off twice
this weekend because he was in New York City.
We made plans to hang out Friday night.
Don't get the text.
We make plans to hang out Saturday night.
Don't get the text.
Well, he texted me, are you going to be in New York this weekend?
I said, no, unfortunately, I won't be.
I wish I was knowing you're there.
And I guess when he got that, he's probably like,
I ain't doing Grinnelli without wit in the middle as the buffer.
No way.
That's definitely what it was.
Another little tidbit of news.
Sergei Bobrovsky put his house on the market in Columbus.
Took him a while to do that.
Probably not a huge surprise.
He's probably going to be buying something down in South Florida soon enough.
But there's not a whole lot going on.
Also, playoff ratings come out.
And shout out to Buffalo.
I mean, we goof on the city.
The team had a rough year this year.
But those people love their fucking hockey, man.
When the U.S. ratings come out, Buffalo is always at or near the top.
And also, let's give a shout out to Nashville and and Vegas for those cities that, you know, people give them shit for not being
I hate even saying non-traditional anymore
because these teams are fucking drawing attendance.
But those people love hockey, man.
I think the verdict's in, and it's nice to see
all these other cities watching as well.
Boys, I don't think we had a chance to wrap up
that San Jose-Colorado series to the fullest extent.
Because remember we finished at the end of the game, San Jose-Colorado series to the fullest extent.
Remember we finished at the end of the game and Gabe Lannisgaard
talked about
he basically owned not jumping over the boards.
Oh, did he?
Yeah, he took responsibility for it.
He took full accountability.
I saw that clip and everyone was sucking him off
like this is a leader. That was actually great.
He had no excuses.
It's one of those plays where he could have
been like, dude, that's bullshit.
It should have been a goal where he didn't cry.
He just owned it. I thought that was very
cool and that says a lot about the guy.
I've heard nothing but great things.
Another thing, we found out that
Nathan McKinnon was playing through a second
or third degree AC
spring.
Is that what came out?
Oh, you couldn't tell watching him skate?
Well, no.
I mean, but people don't really know what that is.
Like, I've had a second, third-degree.
I've had a first-degree AC sprain.
I mean, obviously.
I thought you said MCL, bud.
Was it knee or shoulder?
No, I said AC.
Oh, dude, I thought you heard your knee.
I was like, how the fuck was he skating like that?
Oh, dude, that's tough.
That hurts.
Yeah, I mean, and usually if you get a second-degree AC sprain,
you're probably looking at like two to three weeks minimum.
Third-degree, you're probably out like five to six
because I've had them both on both shoulders.
So the fact that he got shot up and went back out there i mean i know you know some people always say oh you risk a potential
injury for next year it's just like i know but when you're fucking playing for that big trophy
you don't give a shit hey what's it feel like when you get shot up there like can you feel your arm
or is it just i'll say this right away you're're like, you're, you're, you're not going to have much strength because it just kind of,
it takes all the energy out of that area and it feels like loose and shitty
and sloppy.
Um,
but yeah,
well,
I mean,
once you,
you,
you,
you,
you get shot up,
you're by,
by now using that shoulder still,
you're just not feeling the pain for moving it.
Like you would,
if you didn't,
if you hadn't got shot up,
I mean,
which I mean, he, he, no way he's going to back didn't if you hadn't got shot up i mean which i
mean he no way he's going back out there if he didn't get shot up not with a second degree ac
sprain and and that's what i read online i mean do you guys hear that it was a second to third degree
ac sprain i i didn't i didn't see that but i'm sure if you saw it that's what i swore i read that
i mean bad getting off the ice yeah i mean yeah it. It was a tough one and an injury that I've had before,
so I can talk about it.
Oh, I mentioned the World Championships before.
Man Rocket coach of the New York Rangers, David Quinn,
is probably hard as a rock watching this Capo Caco play.
I don't know if you guys have gotten to witness this kid.
He's so good.
He's so good.
I mean, like, Jack Hughes, you know, is he
the definite number one pick?
You might, after this tournament, hear
little rumblings that maybe not.
I mean, it's domination
right now. I saw a quick clip also of him in
practice. I don't know who had that.
Damn it, I should have written it down, but just
incredible skill. So,
looked fabulous against Canada. Hasn't slowed
down one bit. It's just, it's nuts to see that we're going to have a couple more young studs
coming into the league as rookies next year.
And there's one more thing I had in my notepad here,
and I felt like it would be cool to mention.
With Charlotte sweeping Hershey tonight, that's in the AHL,
the Hurricanes organization is now playing a conference final
at the NHL, AHL, and ECHL level.
With the Everblades, right?
No.
Yeah, Florida Everblades, and they're playing Newfoundland.
And then AHL Charlotte versus Toronto,
which I mentioned I went out to eat in Toronto with my buddy Vincent Laverde,
who's with the Marlies again this season.
He signed a two-year contract with them, won the Calder Cup last year.
This year, why are you guys laughing?
Newfoundland?
Newfoundland?
I'm not going to get torched on this.
I've never heard a Canadian say Newfoundland.
Everybody knows I'm a
It's disgusting.
If everybody can't
Hey, and you know what?
It always happens to be with the East Coast,
and I got torched for saying that Jody Shelley was from fucking PEI or wherever the fuck i said he was from but guys i'm a fuck up i don't need to hear it online
just let me be a fuck up you guys know what i'm saying i'm the moron today at school today me and
mousy today but back back to toronto like they they really weren't supposed to make a run like
this like they did i think they they they got into playoffs and ended up playing Rochester,
who was one of the best teams in the regular season.
They haven't lost the game yet.
No.
In playoffs, yeah.
They swept both their first rounds.
These guys are fucking buzzing.
They ended up getting a few guys back from the Toronto Maple Leafs
to the Marlies.
So very excited to see how that plays out.
It would be really cool for my buddy Vincent Laverde
to win his third Calder Cup in one back-to-back years
with the Toronto organization.
He says they get treated like gold.
Really?
Oh, man, like the shit that they have, like their training facility
and how they get treated with meals.
He basically said it gets ran like an NHL team.
Yeah, I always wonder what it's like to play in an AHL team
when there's also an NHL team in that city.
I mean, obviously, the attention's with the big club,
but you almost feel bad for a team in the same city in some regards,
but not if they're getting treated like royalty, I guess.
Boys, that pretty much wraps things up.
That was a good little pod today.
I hope you guys enjoyed that Brendan Walsh interview.
Yeah, I really think that people will, or you you guys did i know you've already heard it um what else is there
anything else i had to bring up game of thrones second to last epi oh i want to ask you one quick
last question um how was your wife's first mother's day it was her second it was her second but um
it was great close enough we actually uh went with a little change of pace this year
because it's like, where are you going to go
to brunch? Mother's Day brunch. That's what
everyone does. Well, you got to get
reservations
in advance. And one of
the courses I'm at,
the clubhouse is being redone,
so that's not open. It was just kind of
like, what do we do? You know what we did?
Chef came to the house. Why go wait in line if you can't get a chef to the house, cook you up some omelets,
French toast, bagels. I love a good sesame bagel with peanut butter on it or everything with butter
or cinnamon raisin with butter or blueberry with butter. I might have had a little of a little of
all of them. So egg white omelets, a special request made to the chef. She cooked great.
And you know what was really nice is that I mentioned beforehand, man, it's nice to have a chef, but can
they clean? Yeah, cleaning the kitchen comes with the payment. What a life.
Wow. It was a nice little Mother's Day. It really was.
You know, you see the downfall of like American civilization
with the guys on Instagram with the posts to the wives for Mother's Day.
Jesus, seven million of them.
I put a story up, put three or four nice pictures, and I wasn't going to put a full picture up.
You know, I did it last year for Mother's Day.
Do you do it every year?
I don't know.
Some people do.
But either way, it was great to see.
My mom came over.
Her mom came over.
Just a grand old family affair of Mother's Day. So now
we're recording, and I'll tell you, the Bruins,
them having a game in the middle of Mother's Day,
how happy did that make the fellas at
home? Hey, honey, I got season
tickets. What am I supposed to do? Sorry, it
fell on Mother's Day. I'm going to get
crushed drinking crack beers at the Garden.
Actually, speaking of the
Garden, Portnoy was there. What an absolute
madhouse around him.
Oh, dude, he's a legit celebrity.
They win every time he's at the game.
Every time he's at a Bruins.
His hockey shtick on Twitter is like, I crack up every time.
It's unreal.
He tweeted something out, and he was like, the town of Carolina.
Called it a town.
People still take the fucking bait off.
Oh, they think he's serious.
It's crazy.
I actually had to delay my Mother's Day festivities
until tomorrow.
No, my wife's not a mother, but my mom,
I was going to see her today, but I told her,
I got to go to the game, and then I got to record after.
My mom's a hashtag hockey gal, so she said,
go do what you got to do.
We'll have dinner on Monday.
So happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.
Any other stuff, boys? Are we about to
wrap it up or what? No, I gotta get
going, boys. I'm going to celebrate Mother's
Day with... You okay?
My friend's mom. I'm in
Vancouver. Are you ripping it again tonight, you pimp?
No, we're going to go... Well, maybe
afterward. We're going to go for dinner first.
Yeehaw, boy.
Guys,
this has been fun.
Thanks again to Brendan Walsh.
And I will see you fellas online on Wednesday night.
Absolutely.
Have a great week, all.
When the night has come
And the land is dark
And the moon is the only light we'll see.
No, I won't be afraid.
Oh, I won't be afraid.
Just as long as you stand, stand by me.
As long as you stand, stand by me.
So darling, darling, stand by me.
Oh, stand by me.
Oh, stand, stand by me.
Stand by me.
