Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 176 of Spit and Chicklets,
presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
What's up, boys?
We're in the throes of the semifinals.
These games are unbelievable every night.
Let's say hi to the boys.
Ryan Whitney, let's go to you first for a change. What's up, fellas?
Right now, we're watching the St. Louis-San Jose Battle Game 3.
St. Louis is up 4-3 with four and a half minutes left so i got my eyes all over that but excited to talk to you
guys and uh all right you're in new york huh how's that been going yeah i come down it's been going
good i got here yesterday afternoon didn't really have much to do last night i come down just
actually watch the games and then i ended up doing uh well let's do the intros then we'll get to the
other stuff finish up uh biz what's going on, Paul? Biz, Dasty, Biz Sanet.
Where are you today?
Because you're always traveling.
I'm in Arizona, just enjoying the sun, working out a little bit, getting back to my-
Oh, okay.
I was wondering, you're not on the bender anymore?
Just getting back to that healthy lifestyle, you know?
And working out, what's that mean?
And last but not least, our producer, Mikey Grinelli, who's right down the street from
me right now.
What's going on, oh gentlemen great great day to be a bruins fan again and i'm glad to have my guy ra here in new york with me it's been a blast so far oh you're not too cool for us
hanging out with nhl superstars all of a sudden and you now you're back hanging out with us
peasants yeah that was uh pretty funny like we were doing the twitch last night me and mighty
mush that's uh what is twitch and me ra yeah right well obviously granelli was there it's twitch is That was pretty funny. We were doing the Twitch last night, me and Mighty Mush. What is Twitch?
And me, R.A.
Right.
Well, obviously, Grinnelly was there.
Twitch is basically what people watch people playing either video games or watching a game.
Smitty does it a lot.
He plays video games and interacts with all the youngsters that are
watching him play.
Yeah, like seven-year-olds.
Yeah.
Yeah, calling them like
It's incredibly popular, though.
It's incredibly popular.
It's millions of, though. It's incredibly popular. There's like...
It's millions of people use Twitch.
So you're either watching them play a video game
or you're actually watching them watch a game?
Well, the people on Twitch watch us watch the game
and kind of comment as we go along.
Because me and Mush had various bets on the game,
so that was their reasoning to have us watch.
Wasn't it created for people to watch people playing video games originally i believe so yeah it was yes yeah but anyways we were doing it
having some laughs and then i got a text from my buddy sally he said hey he goes up i mean pk
gonna come by i says all right come on by and everyone thought i was full of shit and 10 minutes
later him and pk come in and we showed pk the twitch room i thought he was just gonna like
look at it and laugh he ended up sitting down for the whole period, watched the game with us,
shot the shit with us.
Bush was asking him questions from the listeners and stuff.
It ended up being a pretty good night.
And then about two hours later, him and Sully texted me.
They're like, we're at Tao if you want to go out.
I'm like, usually not.
You ended up going out?
Yeah, yeah.
You're surprised R.A. went out?
He's probably been shit-canned since he got to New York.
No, a club tube biz. That's funny. I tweeted last night. probably been shit-canned since he got to New York. No, a club too, Biz.
It's funny.
I tweeted last night.
I was like, oh, I'm finally into the club.
And everyone thought I meant like the Boston Club could go full-time.
I was like, no, I'm literally in fucking the club.
Which one did you go to?
Tao.
Tao downtown.
Were you rubbing that big Buddhist belly like all banged up in there at any point?
No, dude, I was busting a little move.
I mean, of course, you went fucking PK.
I mean, so right away, of course, we get the line cut.
I got like a ruined sweatshirt on, which is absolutely hilarious.
Like I'm not dressed for the club because I didn't plan on going.
And, yeah, we hung out for a little while.
We had a little table.
He ordered a couple of bottles, and, you know, we were jamming,
dancing a little bit, and then I fucking got a ride home,
got some food, and the food fucking was in my stomach killing me all day.
It was a bad move doing that.
You need puss?
My wife's not here, Biz, so no, I didn't get it.
Oh, okay, all right.
Hey, just try to check, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm not a philanderer, and if I was, I should have shown you.
Speaking of dancing, I actually had a bunch of buddies over
to watch the Bruins game Tuesday night at my house,
and it was a blast.
Brian Yandel, Ross, Officer Ross was one of them.
And your dad came up already.
He said he used to just dance his dick off whenever he'd see him out.
Like, apparently, like, your father just loves to just cut up a rug
all the time whenever he's boozing.
Is that true?
I think back in the day, yeah.
I mean, he's a little older now, a little slow moving.
But, yeah, my old man, I mean, you know, him and my mother were divorced
when I was a baby, so he was footloose and fancy free for quite a while.
So him and Yandel's uncle Paul, I don't know if you ever met Crazy Paul,
but they were running mates for a long time.
Was that the guy who's been calling me and leaving voicemails?
Could be.
You have a Yandel uncle calling you?
Long story short, I get a call the other day, and I answer it.
Or, actually, sorry, Pasha.
I was getting dressed, right?
So I had a hotel room at the Hotel Belmont in Vancouver.
Quick shout out to my friends who just opened that on Granville and Nelson.
So the phones rang and Pasha was like, hey, do you want me to answer this?
Because I was in the shower area.
And I'm like, sure.
And then it was this Boston guy just blathering about yans and all this shit.
And I'm like, yeah, just hang it up.
And he kept calling back, so obviously we weren't answering.
Was it Walshie?
Ah, no, I would have known his voice.
And then, obviously, here you go.
I'll play it for you.
Hello, Mr. Beast.
My name is Jimmy Larry.
I got your number from my cousin, Mr. Yendo.
Keith Yendo, the best player in the NHL.
He's the Iron Man.
Give me a call back.
You are in Boston for the semifinals.
Give me a call.
I'll take you to the best place to eat, to drink, to party.
I'll bring you to the best place. Fuck Mr. Whitney.
He ain't going to know where to go.
That kid's not from here. Give me a call. I love bring you to the best place. Fuck Mr. Whitney. He ain't gonna know where to go. That kid's not from here.
Give me a call. I love you, Mr. Beeson.
You're my favorite player ever in the NHL.
God bless. Give me a call.
I'm not gonna bother you anymore. Thank you.
Oh, so some
fighting words for you on the end, too.
What was that name at the beginning?
Leary? Jim Leary?
I couldn't tell if he said Leary or Yandel, but
I thought i heard
jimmy so it definitely was uncle paul that's for sure dude i have the funniest i got the number
should we put the number i have the funniest voice note so paul yandel who are his dad is
their best friends right all right yeah they go way back yeah okay so paul yandel is one of you
know the funniest guys ever like all the y Yandel uncles, he's just hilarious.
And so one time he was just on a rant.
And my phone is just like a vault.
I have pictures of my friends from 2010.
I never delete a thing.
So I would go through a phase where people would be saying really funny things,
and I would just start recording them.
I would just press the voice memo and just start recording people.
So I had one from Paul Yandel, and I played it for the Y. I would just press the voice memo and just start recording people.
So I had one from Paul Yandel, and I played it for the Yandel Brothers and all our buddies, and we would just die laughing.
And last night it came up, and Bri's like, do you still have that?
So I'm looking through my phone.
I'm like, holy shit, I do.
August 2, 2012 this is from.
Do you want to hear one of the funniest Boston ants? Not even a rant. It's just a Boston
guy talking. You want to hear this right now?
No, I don't. Me and Paul Yandel
just, I ran into him in Charlestown. This is
back when I was living there. He just starts going
on a rant and he's so funny that
I was like, boom, I got to record this. So this is it.
This is it.
Perfect. Yeah, it's beautiful up there.
I mean, this place is like a little grove
and it's probably like one, two, three,
probably six or seven, like, cottages, you know?
Oh, really?
Are they big?
No, not real big.
No, here's like a two-bedroom, but the wall doesn't even go all the way up to the ceiling.
It's like you can hear everything, you know?
I mean, like, me, her, her sister, and another girl up there one weekend, you can hear them fucking farting, snoring in their sleep, and
my girlfriend snores too, right, and I said, it was like fucking snoring symphony in there,
fucking, they were pissing their pants, of course we fucking smoked the bone before,
you know, whatever, you know, I had a fucking cup of beer, I had, you know, a little wine
or whatever, you know, I got the, I'm on the needle now, I gotta be careful, yeah, for sure. You know, I had a fucking cup of beer. I had, you know, a little wine or whatever, you know.
I'm on the needle now.
I got to be careful, yeah.
Fucking diabetes got me.
Oh, I have a fuck.
Everyone.
I just come back from the doctor.
Oh, really?
Yeah, well, I was on a myrtle.
I come back, I got arthritis in my fucking hip.
Then I just, my neck's been bothering me.
I got that in my neck, too, and two bone spurs.
Oh, jeez. Yeah, so I just went to therapy. She said, you'll be all right. It doesn't bothering me. I got that in my neck, too, and two bones first. Oh, geez.
Yeah, so I just went to therapy.
She said, you'll be all right.
It doesn't bother me.
Yeah, I hear you.
Hey.
All right, April.
Great seeing you.
Let me say this, too, because Janz was there, right?
No, Janz wasn't there.
I was just alone.
I'm like, oh, dude, he's going.
He's going.
I got to get him.
And when he said I'm on the needle, diabetes got me. I was just just like this guy is the funniest human alive and then of course my response i go ah
everyone what the fuck does that mean um one thing that keith is very good at is when somebody's like
telling a horrible story he'll just get him going and you're like yans come on let's get out of here
and he's like no we're talking to the guy he He's like, oh, tell me more, tell me more.
And then they, oh, fuck.
And I thought that that was Yandel's voice, like,
trying to get him going more for the recording,
knowing you were doing it.
But nonetheless, man, fucking that whole family is something else.
The best people in the world.
Legit the best people in the world.
Still one of Paul's own lines.
He could talk the years off a statue.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There you go.
There you go.
All right, boys. You mentioned you had the boys over for Carolina-Boston. Went in a game
three in a game that Hurricanes absolutely
needed. They came out flying. They dominated
play. They outshot the Bees 20-6
in the first period, but once again, they couldn't
penetrate Duke or Ask. In the
second, it was pretty much the flip of the script.
The Bees dominated, established a 2-0 lead
on goals from Wagner and Marchand
en route to a 2-1 win, take a 3-0 series lead with a chance to wrap up the conference
in game four.
These are 22-1 when Marchand scores.
That's a stat that jumped out at me.
What was your take on the game, buddy?
It was just the definition of weathering the storm, no pun intended,
but you're going into a crazy barn.
All right, let's get through the first 10 minutes.
Well, it wasn't just 10 minutes.
It was 20 minutes of domination by Carolina and Tuukka Rask.
How many times in a row in the podcast are we just blowing him?
And how do you not?
Because it's just insane hockey right now.
The saves he was making last night,
I don't know how many saves he finished in the game with,
but the first period, I mean,
they easily could have been down 3-4
nothing. At that point, you're looking at it like,
all right, well, if they can
get through that period, they're in great shape now.
And sure as shit, they come out in the second.
They play way better. And you know
what's crazy is the first period
was great hockey
by Carolina. They were right on top of everything,
winning every loose puck battle,
getting shots on net.
But Justin Williams, I couldn't believe how he  what was he doing?
He took three penalties in the first period.
I think one of them was matching with Krug,
but the other two were against Krug too.
It was like he was so under his skin.
And that's after the Marchand thing in game two,
where Marchand's, you know, doing the C kind of get
so they're under his skin, and he's a veteran player who's having
this amazing career, and just making
decisions out there that you were kind of shocked
at to see, which you could tell Caroline is
frustrated, but that the entire
game was Tuka Rask in that first period,
because if he doesn't play like that,
the game's probably over, and
this is a totally different series. So
my pick right now, if you're looking at Con Smythe,
I know Couture is insane.
By the way, he just fucking tied this game up.
Are you shitting me?
Un-fucking-believable.
Unbelievable.
Fuck off.
But I'm a little tired.
But those two guys, I mean, look at them too right now.
And Tuukka Rask, there's nothing else to be said.
He's just  everything is going perfect for him right now.
And you can tell he's as confident as he's ever been.
I mean, I don't got much on it other than the fact that, you know,
when you come out guns a-blazing like the Hurricanes did
and they couldn't pot one, you're like, oh, I know how this is going.
And then all of a sudden, the second period, Chris Wagner, you know,
a depth guy ends up potting one on a really nice setup backdoor,
and you could tell how excited he was to get it.
Then you're like, oh, God, it's going to be one of these ones and uh once again uh power play for the carolina hurricanes lets them down and
and really that was the difference they went over five and ensuring up the game winner that brad
marshall gets uh was the one power play goal on the five opportunities that the bruins had and
that's all they needed to get it done uh the one goal that rast did let in was a little bit weak i
thought oh that
that would get things going for carolina but after that he shut the door and i mean 35 saves for rask
another unbelievable for excuse me performance and he's just in the zone right now i i don't i
don't know what else to say like you said we keep stroking the guy off but uh he's he's really been
the difference you just see a goaltender do this, and it's like,
forget the depth they have and forget the play they're getting
from certain forwards and all their D, but it's just,
how are you supposed to beat a team when the goalie's playing like this?
It's impossible.
Another thing, too, six-game winning streak now for Boston.
And in that six games, Biz, you know how long they've trailed?
Twelve minutes. Well, there you go. I'm sorry, 13 you know how long they've trailed? Twelve minutes.
Well, there you go.
I'm sorry, 13 minutes in six games they've trailed.
So it's just utter domination.
Ever since they lost that tough game three to
it was game three, I believe, they lost, right, to Columbus.
And since then, it's just no question to ask,
best team in the playoffs right now.
And, R.A., correct me if I'm wrong.
I think that was Carolina's first loss on home ice, all playoffs.
It was, it was their first loss.
Then Raskin's record is 11 and five, one nine,
six goals against a nine three nine safe percentage,
which is just obscene.
Curtis McElhinney, he got the start,
which wasn't really too much of a surprise.
He was great.
He played a great game.
He was great.
I mean, you know, you only score one goal.
You're not going to win a game in the playoffs.
I mean, he's been 3-1 in the playoffs, a 1-7-0,
1-7-0 goals against, 9-4-3 save percentage.
So I think we're going to see him in game four.
To jump on your point about the power plays,
because Carolina's only 5-50 in the playoffs on the power play.
That's just not good.
10, you're not going to get it done.
A few exceptions you might slide by, like the Bees did in 2011.
They didn't score a power play, go to the third round uh and one other note chris wagner heard his arm suspicion is that he broke
it when he blocked that shot his arm wasn't a sling after the game he's not going to be in for
game four but perfect timing nola char he has been cleared to return he was actually the healthy
scratch last night so he'll be he'll just simply replace him on that fourth line and and wags i
know you're listening i know you're an enormous fan of the show.
You're probably cranking it to my voice right now.
What a year, buddy.
And if it is done, I don't know what's going on,
but Jesus, you should be proud.
And to play the way that he did,
especially after a time where he wasn't playing, right?
He was out of the lineup for that Columbus series.
And, you know, I think the coach was upset with how he was playing.
He came back in scored
that big goal last night and blocking that shot it was it really reminded me of Greg Campbell
um I think that was also the Easter Conference Finals against the Penguins and you know he ended
up not playing again in the playoffs but it was the same type block in a 2-1 game and it's just
laying it out all on the line and that's just what the playoffs is all about it fucking blows
that it hit him in the arm and if that is true it broke his arm that sucks but um what a warrior and what a season he had
seventh player award 17th player in my mind but still it was uh incredible to see and and and
we'll you know we'll definitely hurt the bruins not having them because you think about that
fourth line and all year was corrali achari and w And now, I mean, Wagner's a big part of that.
I know Nordstrom's played well, and he's been in the lineup ever since.
Nordstrom dressed every playoff game.
I know he scored game seven in the first.
I don't know if he was in every game, but still,
it's going to be a tough loss for not having Wags anymore.
And touching on your 22-1, the Bs are when Marshawn scores
in his playoff history.
They are now 5-0 when he Marshawn scores in his playoff history. They are now 5-0
when he scores in a game
in this playoff.
He's heating up. He had a little bit of a cold
stretch there at the beginning of that Columbus series.
And then all of a sudden, he
suckered a guy in the back of the head. He stepped on a guy's
stick, and look it, now he's going.
Also, I don't know if you guys
remember when the Canes got that
5-on-3. Was it the first period? R.A., do you remember? I believe it was. Also, I don't know if you guys remember when the Canes got that five on three.
Was it the first period, R.A.? Do you remember?
I believe it was.
I think it was.
So I didn't get a lot of notes during the game with the Twitch stuff going on.
But that five on three, it was like Dougie Hamilton,
he kept shooting the puck off on no movement.
They weren't getting any one-timers.
It was like no screen, wrist shot, someone in front slap shot, missed the net. It was like, you watch a good five on three, the pucks, nobody's holding
it for longer than a second or two. They're snapping it around. It's one touch passes.
It's creating one-timers and they got this big chance in the first, get a two-man advantage and
just got nothing out of it. So it's such a momentum killer when you watch your team or any team get a
five on three. And not only did they not score, they didn't really get any chances.
So that's an enormous loss right there, you know, in that first period when they're trying to get on the board first.
And that just kind of reminded me of from then on out, second and third period, Bruins took over.
But still, I think Carolina wins a game, right?
I mean, they got to win one game.
They can't sweep.
Oh, by the way, people are still asking me for that video.
I still have to make the video. Even if Carolina gets swept, I still got to make their video of
them sweeping the Islanders. And maybe I can make another one of the Bruins sweeping them. But yeah,
I've been, I've been slacking on that. I apologize, everyone. Yeah. And those Dougie shots,
which they're probably indicative of a little bit of desperation by Carolina, you know,
but they're just like, we're going to go down here. We got to get a goal. We can't go down
three. Not. And if you feel the magic's running out and the Bruins, the depth and experience is just kind of winning out over Carolina right now.
Well, maybe our guests can give him that magic.
The guy who played for the Carolina Hurricanes for a while,
although very surprised to hear that he hasn't been following playoffs
that closely.
So we didn't get much playoff insight from him,
but he did have a great career.
Bates Battaglia will be joining us. Are we going to
throw it to him now, boys? Yeah, I think we shouldn't. I mean, he is a great magician because
he does make beers disappear pretty quick as he lets us know in this interview. Very entertaining
one. All right, well, let's throw it off to Bates Pataglia. Hopefully you guys enjoy.
This interview is brought to you by Roman. Two-thirds of guys experience noticeable hair
loss by age 35, and most guys assume losing
their hair is inevitable as they age. Some don't care and shave their head, but what they might not
know is that there are FDA-approved solutions designed to stop hair loss, and that may even
regrow hair. That's why we're excited to partner with our sponsor, Roman. Roman makes it convenient
to get FDA-approved hair loss treatment all from your phone or computer. Go to GetRoman.com slash checklists to start your free online visit.
Chat with a licensed doctor from the comfort of your own home.
There's no appointment times or reading bad magazines in the waiting rooms or waiting on nurses to call you.
None of that.
If your doctor decides that treatment is right for you,
Roman's dedicated pharmacy can ship your treatment to you with free two-day shipping.
If you want to stop or
prevent hair loss, starting treatment early is key. Wish this stuff was around when I was younger,
c'est la vie. But with Roman, you can find the best approach to help you keep and maybe even
regrow the hair on your head. Roman is giving new members a free online visit at getroman.com
slash chicklets. That's getroman.com slash chicklets for a free visit to get started.
Go to GetRoman.com.
We are now pleased to be joined by a former Carolina Hurricanes legend
and longtime professional hockey player, Bates Battaglia,
who is a special, special person.
I think people remember him from his run to the Cup Finals in Carolina
and his long career.
But thank you very much for joining the Spit and Chickles podcast.
Oh, thanks for having me.
I haven't had an introduction like that in years.
Yeah, I know.
That actually wasn't one of my better ones.
Sorry to break it to you.
But still, it's awesome to have you on here.
And before we get into your long career playing, I looked up the HockeyDB.
I did some research on you, and I'd love to know
what Lake Superior State was like
playing in the UP
and how you ended up there in college.
Well, if it wasn't for the hockey,
I wouldn't have set foot in that place.
I mean, it was,
I think the population was 12,000,
and I think the school was like five of it.
So, I mean, there was not much to do up there but drink so it was that or that or hockey and it was it was rough going
up there I actually played uh at the U.S. National Program and Jeff Jackson was the coach was he your
coach at Lake State he was he was how do you feel about it? Some people love him. Some hate him. I liked him. He was one of the best coaches I ever had.
I enjoyed him. He was a different...
Not everybody feels the same way as I do.
He was a different cat, but I mean, he knew hockey. He really knew.
Yeah, he knew the game. He was a little different off the ice, but yeah i i enjoyed playing there with him dates i got a
weird question per wikipedia your given name is jonathan so where does the baits come from
if you don't mind me asking um actually i don't know what i mean i know what else it says on that
wikipedia but uh it came from um my uh my dad played uh some uh semi-pro football and got paid to play so he played under a fake
name and uh i'm sure in that wikipedia it says a little bit more about uh breaking rules at some
point in there uh but he he went he went under a fake name tony bates and then when i was born he
just uh that was my that ended up being my middle name. That's a good one.
You're a Chicago guy, right, originally?
Yeah, yeah.
Sure, that was in there.
Well, yeah, that's the one thing that I find hilarious.
And being from Chicago, I mean, I'm told that it was your grandfather
or your great-grandfather that was a part of the Chicago mob with Al Capone.
What's that whole back story?
Well, yeah, we're all from Chicago.
My grandfather, my dad's dad, he was head of the Chicago Mafia
at a point in the early 70s.
And, yeah, it's kind of funny.
My dad came to a game down here in Carolina,
and he's sitting there, you know, sitting by himself watching a game. He lived down here for Carolina and uh he's sitting there you know sitting by himself
watching a game he lived down here for most of the time I was here and he said he was sitting
there and a couple people in front of him they're like oh yeah that Pataglia nobody hits him because
his grandfather was in a mafia I'm like what fucking game are you watching I've been sitting
all the fucking time so my dad's sitting behind him like who are these idiots
you know it's pretty funny though oh you had a pretty good uh career at lake superior state
ended up getting drafted by anaheim and uh what you just ended up getting traded over to carolina
things didn't work out or uh no they uh yeah they drafted me i I went to college for three years, and they made a move over the summer to Jansen's for me,
and I thought, well, shit, if they're making a move to do something,
maybe it's time I took off.
My buddy, John Graham, goaltender, he was there at the time,
and we were good buddies, roommates,
and he had just left uh signed with boston
a couple weeks before and i'm like oh shit it's it's time to go it was kind of brutal because i
was me and him and one other guy just got named the team captain like a week before and then we
all end up on the two of us two of the three of us left. So it was kind of shitty, but it was time.
Like Whit said, you were on the Canes.
You spent a lot of your career there.
You know, attendance has been an issue over the years.
They had a pretty nice run this year that brought a lot of the fans back.
Do you think this time they're going to stay, Bates,
or are they going to fade away again like it seems to happen in Raleigh?
Well, I hope not.
I mean, it's a great place to play.
I mean, the atmosphere in that building is like off the chart.
I never had more fun playing in my career than I did when we were playing.
Now, there's the other thing, when we were playing in the playoffs.
You know, during the regular season,
things could get a little rough down here with attendance.
But, I mean, it's a great place to play.
And, I mean, it's tough to see that they  it's funny,
they threw a stat out in some article recently.
Somebody sent me in there like a hoe almost broke the record
for most consecutive games scoring a goal or something like that in the playoffs.
And the ones who hold it right now is Ray Shepard and myself.
And I had no idea.
But the reason I still hold that one, or at least part of it,
is because they haven't been in the playoffs in a fucking decade.
So, I mean, it's tough to see.
Every year, people are just down on them because they're not making it.
But I can't blame them because it's so much fun to play here
when it is the playoffs, and it just hasn't happened enough.
You know, while you were down there, you played for current Jets coach Paul Maurice,
and you had your most productive years under him.
Was he your best or your favorite coach,
or did he just seem to get something out of you that other coaches didn't?
Yeah, you know, early on here, we butted heads a little bit,
but eventually, you know, we ended up getting along well.
Yeah, because you told him your grandpa was in the mob.
Well, he should have been a little nicer, I think.
I should have been on PP every freaking ship.
But, no, I did like playing for him.
I played for him in Toronto as well.
And over the years, the coaches that I had,
I wasn't too thrilled about,
but I definitely enjoyed playing for him.
Well, it's funny you bring
that up just because
right now, currently, Bruce Cassidy's having
a lot of success with the Bruins. They're playing
against your old club, and that isn't going
well for Carolina, but I was
told you weren't a huge fan of playing
for Bruce in Washington when you did.
Oh, yeah. Piece of shit. Tip to tail.
Never liked that guy. I don't know how he is still a coach.
It boggles my mind. I honestly didn't even know he was still coaching.
And I randomly saw a highlight, and I don't even know if it was when they were playing against the Canes.
As you can tell, I don't follow a whole lot.
I mean, I watch some, but I'm not a diehard.
But I saw him on the screen, and I couldn't believe it.
So they just talk about a guy who's just  it just shows how good Boston is.
They're playing that well.
Wow, you're really shitting on us okay so why was he such a
bad coach just unprepared I never knew what was we were doing for pride it was just unorganized
as far as I mean maybe things have changed I hope they have but yeah I was uh not not my uh
not my bread and butter up there up there with him yeah if I'm not mistaken that was his very
first uh head coaching gig,
and you got him kind of at the ass end of it.
And when he did get fired
Yeah, no, and I hope  maybe that's the case.
I hope it is.
But, you know, I'm just going by  I mean, hey, I wasn't
I was fucking dog shit when I played in Washington too.
So maybe we're buddies in that way.
Well, it's funny you say that because your coach before him
was Bob Hartley in Colorado.
Now, what was he like?
No, no.
Granado was my coach there.
Oh, okay.
Well, I mean, before Bob Hartley, it said, okay, well, he split coaching jobs,
I guess, the year that you were there when you ended up getting there.
Yeah, maybe it was  I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know the stats.
I just know that Granado was there when I got there,
and I got traded at the deadline.
Okay, so they split the half.
Maybe they had made the switch before that.
So, yeah, I never played for that guy.
How did you decide to play in the coast that year of the lockout?
I mean, you played a long time.
You didn't need to do that.
What's the story behind that?
Well, the thing is, like, I didn't want to play in the A.
I was like, you know, everybody kept saying, oh, they're going to figure this out.
You know, it's going to be done.
And then it goes on and on and on.
And then I'm like, well, shit, I better do something.
I'm sitting around.
I mean, I was skating and stuff, but I was like, I need to play in some games.
And I figured my brother was down there on that team.
And I was like, you like, what's the deal?
Can I come down and play a few games?
I figured I'd get some exercise.
Man,
what a fucking
change that is sitting on
that bus. It was brutal.
Oh my, Biz was there. He was a
two-time All-Star though.
That was
my last year of junior that year.
You ended up opening up a bar in Carolina
because I heard you have a pretty hard time getting laid.
So has that helped you out a lot?
That's difficult.
You know, there's nothing like throwing around a bar owner
to get laid down here, you know?
Little old-school Sam Malone.
Nice.
I've literally messaged six people on my phone
about you and everyone traces back
that the guy used to slay
no matter what
well
apparently
you would leave the bar mid bar to go
get one and then come back
I don't want to get you in too much trouble
hey man
we've all double shifted.
Hey, get me back out there, coach.
Few more odd man rushes off ice than on the ice.
And then ask him the one about overseas, Whit.
Which one's that?
I think he knows.
Let's hear it. You had a pretty good streak going
overseas when you went there.
Yeah, I don't know about that one.
We're going to talk a lot
about you, Pete.
You're not talking about odd man rushes?
It's a beautiful country, that Czech Republic.
I tell you, it's a beautiful country.
Yeah, really.
Beautiful women.
Beautiful women.
Well, you were in Helsinki, too.
It's not too bad over there, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, legit.
That was a great place to play.
I mean, it's like the New York City of Finland there.
You played with your brother on the coast a little bit,
and then your post-career, you ended up doing the amazing race with him,
and you guys ended up winning it, correct? What ended up doing the amazing race with him and you guys ended up winning it correct what he did the amazing race with his brother what the hell is
that like it is funny man like i that was the last thing that i ever you know thought i would do i
didn't watch the show i didn't you know know anything about it the uh the uh hurricanes you
know they emailed me they're like hey man you got any interest in doing the amazing race?
And I, like, had to look it up to see what it was.
And I was like, oh, and I kind of blew it off at first.
And I kind of randomly asked my brother out boozing one day on, like,
a Saturday afternoon.
And I was like, hey, so I got this email from the Canes.
They're like, do you want to do the amazing race?
And I'm like, what do you think?
And he's like, fuck, yeah.
And I was like, really? And he's like fuck yeah and i was like really and he's like yeah yeah yeah yeah so we had the canes make up a like a video for us
i was like it's the two fucking knuckleheads like us tried to put a video together we definitely
would have been on the show so we sent it in we did a couple interviews and sure enough they're
like yeah come on well but we but we had a little help.
I mean, he had  you know, you got to have a little niche.
And I had the fucking brutal hockey hair,
and my brother had his front four teeth missing.
So we were the hockey brothers, and they're like, oh, this is perfect,
and that and that.
They're like, don't cut your hair.
Don't get your teeth fixed.
So, yeah, so, yeah, come on out and
worked out pretty good for us
so I'd imagine the time you lost your tooth
in a stripper's vagina was not
around that time
it wasn't around that
there's a few parts of that
story that don't add up but
no I
yeah caught me off guard on that
one uh that was a chris chris newberry text no i i i was missing a tooth at the time we were out in
vegas and um and it was like right at the same time as the the hangover where the guy was missing
the one tooth so i mean i was taking it out left and right.
I woke up the next morning.
I was going to be there for three weeks.
It was the first night, and I couldn't find my tooth.
I'm like, you're hanging out in Canada with a missing tooth.
You're a hockey player.
You're hanging out in Vegas or anywhere else.
You're a redneck.
And I was like, I got to find this.
And all the boys are like, well, we're at the strippers. You know, it must have been some girl's vagina. I'm like, I got to find this. And all the boys are like, well, we're at the strippers. It must have been some girl's vagina.
I'm like, I ended up finding it.
Long story short.
But yeah, I was a little scary there for a while.
So where was it?
Nothing as fun as where you said it.
All right.
Hey, you played in Colorado.
You weren't there all that long.
But you played with a fucking bevy of Hall of Famers there.
What was it like playing with Sackick and Forsberg every day, man?
Did you feel like you were at Disney World or something?
It was pretty sick.
I love playing in Carolina.
I was having a rough year that year, and it was at the deadline.
And they're like, you know, they bring me in.
I'm like, I know what this is.
I'm getting traded.
And they're like, Colorado.
I'm like, well, I kind of had to hide my smile a
little bit I was like you know maybe it's time for a change you know I'll get out there
first game I'm playing with Sackick and Forsberg I'm like are you fucking kidding me uh it's on
the power play boom right in front of that they they every guy that's on the ice touched it and
then gave me a little chip pass
for a fucking backdoor goal on the power play.
I'm like, yeah, this is fun.
So it was pretty cool.
I mean, between those two, you had Foote and Waugh.
I mean, Blake, that was an all-star.
Hey, Duke, I think he scored 50 that year.
Yeah, it was a pretty sweet lineup there,
but we sure did tank it in the playoffs that year. It was a pretty sweet lineup there, but we sure did tank it in the
playoffs that year.
Right now, the success Carolina
has had with Rod Brindamore behind the bench
and playing with that guy, I've always
heard stories like he'd get locked out of the
weight room, just a savage
off the ice playing with him, right?
Yeah, he's
a great guy, though.
He's a pretty serious guy like
i remember sitting next to him in the uh in the locker room like we were like right next to each
other and just straight fate like so focused he's like fully dressed like five minutes before that
like the zamboni's out he's ready to go just dropping protein farts like it's his job and
like would not even crack a smile so i mean he was he was like super
focused like yeah good guy though at the end of your career you played in toronto in the nhl level
and in ahl level were you uh were you having some fun in that town and talk about some of the guys
you played with i mean you had how gill on your. He's a clown. Matt Stajan, who I reached out today to talk about you.
Yeah, no, that  Toronto is  I love playing at Carolina,
but Toronto is awesome.
I mean, it's just a whole other level.
I remember me and Matt, he asked me one night, he's like,
hey, man, he's like, what are you doing tonight?
I was like, wait a second, Matt wants to go do something?
I'm like
i'm in man so me and him go to just some bar and uh we walk in the whole place sees this freaking
giant with the bald head and like the whole it was like the record stop i was like yep i'm with
this guy tonight like it was sick like that that that that is the place to play. I mean, I'm sure Montreal is sweet, but Toronto is just, like, sick.
Well, it's funny.
Well, that year you played  after the lockout, you played in the AHL
and you lit it up.
Did you just get an AHL deal that season?
And, like, you didn't know what was going to happen?
Because then the next year you were back in the NHL.
Yeah, no, they gave me, like, a PTO.
Oh.
And then I finished the season out there and then i
was up the next the next season so your brother your brother's a jake now right a firefighter
yeah is there a history of that in the family uh maybe on the mother's side no no he just kind of
got into it down here and he's got a pretty sweet setup he's got uh he's got his own fire truck
that he turned into a party bus so obviously if you know firemen they a lot of them guys a lot
of guys have like side jobs so he when he's not like working he's got this party bus it's a real
fire truck and he just cruises around town are you shitting me really a converted fucking fire
truck to a party bus i've never heard of that. My father was a fighter.
It's called,
it's called,
uh, I came up with the name actually axes and ales.
That's a great,
and,
uh,
it's sick.
It's got the light siren.
It's got like the huge system,
the stereo system and get about 14,
15 people on there.
And they go now,
they go tailgate and at the football games,
it's pretty cool.
They all,
they come in and out of lucky bees though. I had to get, I had to make sure that worked out. Yeah. What's yourating at the football games it's pretty cool they all they come in and out of lucky bees though i had to get i had to make sure that worked out yeah what's
your bar like uh it's pretty it's pretty good i mean we've been this summer will be or that we
just had our 14 year anniversary and uh i mean it's a it's kind of like a sports bar we don't
have any food we just serve the good stuff booze but uh i mean we get packed on the weekends friday
saturday we're just jammed up in there. And it's been unreal with the playoffs.
When they're playing out of town.
It's right downtown.
And if you know, the arena is not right downtown here.
But it's like eight minutes away.
So, but it's, I mean, it's just packed out when they're playing on the road.
And it's been awesome.
What was the culture shock like
like for you a chicago guy moving down the south i mean things are so much different down big cities
up north yeah no i mean i love chicago uh i miss it but uh i mean i i got used to the small towns
and juniors i played in uh caledon and up in toronto and then I played at Lake state, which was slightly bigger than that. And then, you know,
come down here at smaller city, but it's a, I like it. I ain't,
I ain't going anywhere. So.
No, why would you, you finished up your career?
Was it the CHL that you played your last game and what your brother,
or was that just the last season you played?
I went and played over in Finland the one year.
And then I played in Sweden for a season.
That was my last year in 2012.
Was it injuries that finally made you hang it up?
Or was it just had enough?
No, I was fine.
I actually was pretty lucky with injuries.
But it's funny.
I don't know.
I was kind of getting worn out
a little bit and i i said uh i told my brother i said well if we do amazing right i said that's
that's it um i'm shutting her down so we did it and luckily we won i got one more big paycheck and
uh i was you guys won a million bucks did you not what yeah yeah hey what was it like competing
against these other civilians were you guys did
you guys know you had the upper hand because you're a bunch of athletes just bully them i was
i seriously it was like i i it was unfair really i mean any any physical activity it was like a joke
and then you know we'd have to get like flights and shit and we're fucking meatheads so like we
had a little trouble with that occasionally but i mean we uh anything team uh the team services
and i don't know if my uh we got on the train and then somebody stole my uh backpack
i was like i thought the fucking equipment guy had it. But, I mean, seriously, and luckily I had, like,
so the big thing is you lose your passport, you're done.
So luckily I had it on me, but, yeah, it was a whole thing.
Are there any guys that you played with that you're really friendly with still?
Like any guys at some point that have always remained close with?
Yeah, me and uh john graham uh we're always taking like trips somewhere to go do
something like we're we've we've stayed tight ever since college and through the pros and everything
so he's probably the one guy i really always in contact with and then also boston guy yep also uh
your agent was it pa Paul Kropelka?
Yeah.
Yeah, so he was my agent, too.
He used to tell me, by the way, people need to know Paul Kropelka,
maybe the hottest agent to ever live.
So I can imagine you guys.
Dude, it's the fucking, I didn't even like going out with him.
I'm like, I'm the NHL guy, but fucking they're going after this guy for sure.
Oh, my God.
When he was with, you know, he was with the Bobby Orr group for a long time, and Bobby Orr would go talk
to the father getting a kid, and Paul Capulco
would be talking to the mother. I'm like, who the fuck's
getting on time with this group?
Well, the guy whose wife's
getting bent over by the agent. That's true.
Yeah, but at least the dad got to
talk to Bobby Orr. Hey, fair trade.
Fair trade. Yeah, that is.
Carolina's a big golf country.
Are you a big golf guy?
I know that's a big place for golfing.
I'm not.
I'm fucking terrible.
I don't  I play charity events.
That's it.
Just to get after it.
I can't remember the last time I played a full round.
So you are legit Sam Malone.
You're a retired hockey player who's still a dog and you own a bar.
Like, that's the gist of it, right?
Yeah, I can go with that, I guess.
Not a bad thing.
Not a bad thing at all.
Any other stories you had?
Oh, no, here's the difference.
Sam Malone didn't drink.
That's a very big difference.
Very big difference right there.
That'll change tonight.
Any other stories you had in the vault that you wanted to share with our listeners?
That'll change tonight.
Any other stories you had in the vault that you wanted to share with our listeners?
Like one iconic one that you can tell without that involves you bending somebody over.
I don't know.
I think I might have used them all up, my man.
All right.
What about Tim Stapleton?
He's a buddy of mine.
He said you guys  Oh, wait.
You know what I do? I got one. You brought up Tim Stapleton, He's a buddy of mine. He said you guys  Oh, wait. You know what I do?
I do.
I got one.
You brought up Tim Stapleton, and you just nailed it.
There we go.
I was playing with him in Toronto, and we were in a playoff,
and we were down in Chicago playing the Wolves.
And we got in, I think, two days earlier or something like that.
So we're at the hotel, and I go get a massage and,
uh,
in the,
in the hotel.
And so I go up to the front,
the front desk thing.
And this,
uh,
this chick is just fucking 10 blonde,
beautiful.
And I'm like,
sweet.
I'm like,
well,
she's probably not the most suits,
but you know,
I could hope.
So she's like,
all right,
I'm going to wheel you down to the room, and your therapist will be right there with you.
And she comes up, and this chick's probably 80.
Like white hair, not gray, white.
And she's my therapist.
I'm like, are you fucking kidding me?
So I get in the room, and, you know, a little massage room,
nine by nine, whatever it is.
little massage room nine by nine whatever it is not 10 minutes in she just fucking like right in my face and i was like what the fuck was that i got my face on a holster and i'm like
what what just happened here so i'm like i kind of let it go i'm like maybe you know maybe i was
half asleep i dreamed it or something
not five minutes later just a fuck it was like it fell out of her like it didn't even
like she couldn't hold it in because she wasn't capable so just another one and i was like are
you kidding me and she she goes oh i'm sorry about that she goes i had garbanzo beans for lunch i was like this has
got to be a joke i'm like there's a hidden camera in here the boys are like right outside the door
laughing and i'm like there's no fucking way but sure enough it was legit and i was i i walked out
of there a different man after that garbanzo beans. Yeah, I swear she said that.
I'm not making that up.
Oh, fuck.
Jesus.
Remind me to never have garbanzo beans before my next massage.
Oh, fuck.
You know what the difference is between garbanzo beans and chickpeas are?
What?
I never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
That's pretty good right on the spot.
You should be a comedian.
Bar owner slash comedian.
You get up there on a little mini stage.
I'd be shit-faced by two minutes in.
You played with Skilzy up in Toronto for a couple years, right, Al Gill?
Yeah, yeah.
What a guy.
He's a character. What was it like coming in for a couple years, right, Al Gill? Yeah, yeah, what a guy. He's a character.
What was it like playing with him for a couple years?
It was good.
I played with him in the World Championships, and shit, I don't know if I should say it.
He came up with a nickname for me.
You know what?
You'll have him on again, right?
Oh, yeah. Have you had him on we have before but it was before biz was uh part of the podcast so we got to get him back on ask him ask him ask him
what he came up with okay if you have him on yeah i'd rather him say it the way he says it it's more
funny but he came up with a pretty pretty funny nickname about me during war juniors or world
championships how crazy were the World Championships back then?
It was just guys would just go and get after
it for three weeks.
That's what I did.
I ran into more
hairy armpits.
It was unbelievable. When we were in Germany,
it was devastating.
It didn't slow you down though.
No, it didn't.
No, it was fun.
I actually think I roomed with Brashear,
and me and him went out and got after it because he was one of the other ones.
Did he have smelly breath like everyone says?
I don't remember.
Oh, fuck.
So this is the text I got from Hal Gill about you.
I told him you were coming on the podcast.
He goes, holy hell, he's a beauty.
Slade Poon Bugsy style.
I think he sends off pheromones or something.
Only carries cash.
Lucky B's and Rally's is bar.
Place is amazing.
What's the line that only
carries cash around? I don't know,
but I don't know how he remembers that. That's
pretty good.
That's pretty funny.
Yeah, I guess I do.
All right, Bates. Well, we'd
love to get down to your bar. I think you'd be a hell
of a guy to have some beers with.
It's fun, man. I'd love to.
Thanks a lot for coming on
and joining us. And hopefully we catch up at some point in person. That interview was also brought
to you by Peloton. Spring is finally here. And if you're looking to get back into a great workout
groove, we have to tell you about the latest from Peloton, the Tread. The New York Times said,
it's like having a personal trainer come to your house whenever you'd like. Runner's World
described the Tread as a gorgeous hip New York City gym in the comfort of your
own home and a go-to training tool.
It offers an expansive range of boot camp, running, strength, walking, and stretching
classes that reimagine the at-home total body workout experience.
It's super convenient.
You bring the best total body instructions to you at home on your time.
Peloton knows you're busy.
Classes range from 10 to 60 minutes long, so you can fit in a workout on your time. Peloton knows you're busy. Classes range from 10
to 60 minutes long, so you can fit in a workout on your watch. The instructors are world-class.
They help you work up a sweat, whether it be running, walking, stretching, training by your
side. The motivation is real-time and crazy effective. And you never repeat the same workout
unless you want to. So you explore running, bootcamp, strength and stretching classes on
and off the tread. There's also a live leader board so you can challenge yourself against yourself or other members that are also on the
leader board. It's got innovative hardware as well, sharp absorbing slat belts, game changing
for comfort and safety. You'll feel an extra spring in your stride and your knees and joints
will thank you. And the 32 inch HD touchscreen and powerful built in soundbar make the tread
the most immersive and captivating workout experience. Don't miss a beat in a workout that feels larger than life,
and the revolutionary speed and incline knobs mean you can adjust your workout with just a
flick of the wrist without losing your stride. See your progress all in one comprehensive place.
You'll be able to push yourself to new personal best by tracking total output, distance, and heart
rate. You can also learn badges and save tracks you love the most from your workout.
So discover the immersive and challenging total body training
you can get from Peloton Tread.
Peloton Tread is currently only available in the U.S.
and is offering U.S. listeners a limited time offer.
Go to onepeloton.com.
Use the code CHICKLETS to get 100 off accessories
with the purchase of a tread.
Thank you
very much to Bates Bataglia.
It would be very interesting to maybe get him
for an interview after we do have a couple beers
with him sometimes because I think some of those
stories he maybe didn't want to go into, he
may dive deeper
into if we had him at his bar, maybe
loosen up a little bit, but what a great guy
and we appreciated that very much of him coming on and around the league uh we had a coaching hiring didn't we
a lot of people were wondering what is buffalo doing what are they going to do when are they
going to hire a coach well all right who'd they hire on wednesday the same is named ralph kruger
their new head coach on the 59 year old said his first task will be to help develop
a winning culture on Buffalo.
He actually went around to Buffalo bars and started shooting the shit
with customers and people at the bar.
They didn't know who he was just to get a feel for what the feelings
on the Sabres are, what he might need to fix,
which I thought was pretty interesting.
That's a different approach you don't hear about.
He hasn't coached since Edmonton back in 2013.
When you were there, I believe, you said you played for him.
And I think it was an early episode.
You said he was one of your favorite coaches, if not your favorite coach.
Ralph Kruger, Buffalo fans, listen to me.
Mikey, put this on Instagram.
Buffalo fans, look at me.
You should be jumping for joy right now with this hire.
Everyone's tweeting me, what do you got on Kruger?
What do you got on Kruger?
We're all watching every fucking playoff game because we're a hockey man in Buffalo. We need playoff games of our own.
We're not just going to be the number one market watching fucking Vegas play St. Louis. No,
don't worry. Things are going great and things are going to be getting better with Ralph Kruger
at the helm. This guy is the most positive person I've ever met in my life. He's so detail-oriented
and he's very honest with how he's feeling with players,
but it's all about positivity. He despises bad body language. I remember he used to give me
shit for that. Taylor Hall, he got mad at one time about body language, which is so true, too.
I mean, now that I'm retired and older, I realize if you ever watch a game and somebody's sulking
with bad body language, it just sucks. And I think he's such a smart guy that to know what
he's done in the game and to know that he's been a part of an English premier league team in the
last couple of years, it's just incredible how smart this guy is and things that people don't
know about him. Like this guy wrote a book and the book was all about, um, like team success
and having success through defeats and trying like, you know, the power of positive thinking,
and having success through defeats and trying like, you know,
the power of positive thinking, things like that.
He knows he lets every guy know exactly what to expect.
And he also really is going to tell you what he's thinking.
So there's no mind games. And he's going to be completely honest in the fact that you're not playing well.
I need you to be better.
And if you are playing well, keep it going.
So it's a new age style coach where he's not going to be a hard ass.
He cares about you.
He cares about your family.
I mean, this is a guy, he got fired.
They fucking fired.
They texted him to fire him in Edmonton.
That was still a travesty.
I know he was in Europe.
He should have flown over there, but he deserved better.
And I think it's great that he's finally getting that second chance.
And it's funny because he said, I think I saw a quote,
NHL.com has remained my homepage even since I got fired by the Oilers.
I'm a hockey guy first, even though he was part of the soccer team
over there in England.
I just think it's a great hire for Buffalo.
I have never heard a bad word about him.
Any guy who played for him really enjoyed him.
And that year, we actually weren't that bad.
We ended up kind of bad, but we were in the playoffs at the deadline.
So I think that he's going to be able to do great things,
and I think Buffalo fans should be fired up.
You said he's very detail-oriented.
What do you mean by that as far as systems are concerned?
I would more say that every day, like, you know exactly what's going on in practice.
Here's the practice plan today, boys.
Here's what we're doing this time.
Here's what we're doing this time.
Like, there's never, like, question marks of, like,
what's kind of going on right now, you know?
You know exactly what's going on day in, day out.
So you're thinking just solely based on the fact that he's positive and he's and
he's detail oriented will will help him as a head coach of the national hockey league level when
he's been so far separated from the game i feel like it's difficult that the game has kind of
shifted a little bit and the way you got to coach it in order to be successful in today's nhl
do you think he's going to be able to adapt to that do you think he's been paying attention
to the way that's been kind of turning the corner a little bit as far as maybe not even just to go
to the analytics route but but to rely on that sort of information in order to help guide the
way you should maybe match up players or you know or, even systems. Yeah. I think that he's somebody
who's probably been spending a lot of time doing things that aren't hockey related while also
staying really up to date with the game. I mean, he's, he's smart enough guy where he's watching
hockey. He probably was dreaming of another chance to coach an NHL team and being the type of guy he
is, he wasn't gonna, you know, totally let go of the game and not figure out what's going on and
how people are coaching and how the game's changing if you really want another chance,
because that's just unrealistic. So I'd be surprised if that were the case.
And he got a pretty nice little payday, didn't he, R.A.?
Yeah, I think it was about three years in the ballpark of 11 and a half, 12 million. So just
on the 4 million average a year, that's not too shabby for a guy who's been out of the league for
six years to come in and get that dough. I i think all these coaches could probably uh say thank you to mike babcock
when he got that huge ticket up and up in toronto that kind of brought the water up for everybody
else certainly barry trot's got a nice payday when he went to the island so yeah what's these
coaches are making some nice bank lately for sure yeah and when you hear ralph kruger speak i mean
he's such a great he does like public speaking stuff. He just  it's like he demands attention while also keeping you captivated
and really listening to what he has to say.
And I just think it's a great hire.
And I know there's probably some haters out there like,
this guy hasn't even been in the sport, let alone like around the league.
So I just think when you look  you got to look outside the box.
I mean, there's so many old boys network guys getting rehired and rehired.
Like, yeah, this guy coached before, but it's a little different.
So I think it's going to be great.
I think Buffalo fans should be fired up, and they deserve it
because it's been a tough couple of years, and there is a base,
and there is a core group of guys that could have a really good club there,
and it's about getting a coach who knows how to win
and get the most out of guys.
That's the thing they're looking for is get the most out of the players they have and i
think ralph will be great at that but unbelievable insight from you because i didn't really know much
about the guy i obviously am a little bit skeptical skeptical skeptical skeptic skeptical
skeptical god damn it it's all right oh fuck and gran. And Grinnelli's going to keep that in too. Skepticism. Is that a word?
Yeah.
Yes, that's a word too.
I'm a little skeptical considering he's been separated for some time now and the game has shifted a little bit.
And I guess I got to ask you guys, do you think given
let's give him a two-year leeway.
Do you think he can pull the Buffalo Sabres into playoffs
in the next two years?
I do.
I think  sorry, I think the talent's there.
I think coaching was probably an issue for them this year.
I mean, they come out of the gate great,
and something happened at Buffalo this year.
They fell off the fucking cliff halfway through the season.
The wagon went right off a cliff.
Shut up, Grinelli.
But, yeah, man, I think like we talked to another interview
that doesn't drop for another couple weeks,
Ken Daniels, the Red Wings play-by-play guy,
he made a great point that the idea of a five-year turnaround,
that's history, man.
Like teams can do it in two, three years, if not more so.
I mean, yeah, I think you can definitely get this team to the playoffs.
I think they're going to need some help on D,
and they're going to need to get a really solid goaltender in there
and really figure that out.
Because if you look at Darlene and Dallin, whatever it is,
shut up everyone if I said it wrong, and Eichel.
Hopefully they can re-sign Skinner.
What's important now is that Skinner didn't want to commit to anything
until he knew who the coach was.
And I bet you what happens now, and I've read that Skinner will go meet
with Ralph Puger now.
And I'm telling you, this is the guy that if you want to meet
with a coach before you want to sign, he'll have Skinner sign in a contract
for like 800 grand a year by the end of this talk.
Hey, they didn't even want Kruger.
They just hired him in order to go talk to Skinner to get him to sign.
And they're going to fire him.
Thanks, Ralph.
Yeah, thank you for your time here.
We're going to move this on over to
boys, who do you think gets the Edmonton job now?
I mean, I would imagine that Dave Tippett is probably at the front of the list.
I mean, there's not many really names out there.
Apparently, the head coach of the Grand Rapids Griffins
is one of the coaches that is on the list as well.
I don't really know anyone else.
I just  I mean, you just got to question whether they want somebody new
or they're going to keep recycling them like they have before.
And I think if Tippett ends up not getting the job in Edmonton,
I would imagine he's got a nice little backup plan in Seattle.
I heard he was happy doing what he was doing in Seattle.
Come on, when you get a guy who's competitive like he is,
I wouldn't even say just the money because I think eventually he could find
himself in a head coaching job.
And I'd imagine that he got a decent payout from the Coyotes.
But just the competitive juices start flowing again, man.
And you see all these other guys getting their  well,
I guess some guys getting their payday.
I mean, him and Joel Quin joel quindle are good
buddies so he's probably like fuck i want to get back in the mix now you know i want to start
rubbing elbows with all these guys making some serious coin i think it's a possibility it might
be a guy that we don't know maybe not such a big name because uh kenny holland's last coaching
hire in detroit was uh jeff blassel a blazel however how do you say it which a blast show i
mean that's not a guy i think a lot of people thought he was going to hire for that job.
So he might be thinking out the box a little with the Edmonton hire.
We know it's not going to be Mike Krusheniski or Glenn Anderson or some other old oiler doing the hiring
because fucking they finally got rid of some of those guys after butchering that franchise for the last 10 years.
They're going to hire R.A.
Have I told you when Glenn Anderson was at like an after party in Edmonton
and literally wouldn't let any song but
Poker Face by Lady Gaga be...
Paulsy told that story. His first...
Okay, I didn't remember if that was
ever told. So it's just on repeat?
Dude, he's like, put on Poker Face.
Put it back on on repeat.
Oh, and San Jose
gets a win. Oh, but Binnington's
shaking his head. What's going on? Is this going to get reviewed?
Oh, Jesus Christ. Binnington's going back to the net like, this is no goal. Yeah, but Binnington's shaking his head. What's going on? Is this going to get reviewed? Oh, Jesus Christ.
Binnington's going back to the net like this is no goal.
Yeah, he's being pretty animated.
By the way, in this game, I mean, you already saw fucking David Perron
flips the puck from behind his net blatantly out of the zone.
Penalty.
Delay a game.
The refs get together, decide it's not a penalty,
and then Perron gets two goals.
Timeout.
I think Binnington thought it was offside on the initial rush,
but the puck went outside the zone again.
So I don't know if that threw him off,
the fact that they didn't call the first one.
We're going to have to wait until this plays.
Oh, it's a hand pass.
It's a hand pass.
I think Meyer whacked at it with his hand, but you can't recall.
I don't think you can call that back.
I do not think that's reviewable.
Meyer,
Meyer whacked it with his hand.
Oh yeah.
It should have been a call whistle.
Cause it was in the offensive zone.
That should have been blown dead.
Yeah.
He's right.
Um,
but I don't think that you can review that and they're flipping out right
now.
You see Petrangelo and Steen over there.
And what are you talking about?
Refs?
How do you miss a hand pass?
Right?
He was pointing towards the blue line, I thought.
So I don't know.
Well, the question being, if Meyer whacks at it and it hits that defender's knee,
look at the refs skating off game over.
Oh, Maroon Slash, this is nuts.
This is nuts.
The refs are skating off the ice game over after missing a hand pass
to end the game in overtime.
Oh, oh, yep.
Braden Shentz slams a stick off the glass,
screaming at the refs as they leave the arena.
What a gong show.
Oh, my God.
Another issue with the officiating.
What?
Look at this.
This is brutal, man.
Who's Pennington talking?
Oh, this is bullshit.
What a tough ending.
What an ugly ending for the league in this game.
I just saw that slash of wits.
I'm a few seconds behind you because I'm streaming.
My question being that I didn't see the defender.
When Meyer whacks at it, if it hits the
defender's knee and
then goes to the goal scorer,
whatever happened, I think...
I don't think it hit his knee, though, after watching the replay.
Yeah, but even if it...
But if it did, would it not
be a hand pass because it hit the player?
It should wave it off.
All right, let's see here.
So Meyer brings it in the zone.
How's this for podcasting?
This is Witt doing his announcing.
He whacks that, hits Pareko in the shoulder, comes back down.
Meyer takes his right hand and whacks at it.
Goes by Bollmeister, does not hit Bollmeister.
Hand pass, pass over Carlson, goal.
What the fuck is going on in this goddamn league?
Yeah, and it sucks that we have to talk about fucking refs again.
These guys work hard.
They're good guys, and we don't like to bash them.
We really don't.
I will say St. Louis got a call.
I told you.
Perron flipped one out of the zone, and they didn't call it,
and he scored two goals that period.
And so I guess it evens out.
Oh, my God. what an ugly ending. What an ugly
ending to see this happen and not have it be
reviewable. There's shit all over the ice.
Pierre Maguire's got his microphone and Carlson's
beard right now for fuck's sake.
By the way, you know Eric
Carlson till tonight didn't have a goal in 2019?
I was shocked
to see that. Shocked. I think December
28th was his last goal. He gets two tonight. He looks great too, the whole game. I forget what we see that. Shocked. I think December 28th was his last goal.
He gets two tonight.
He looks great, too, the whole game.
I forget what we were talking about beforehand.
We were talking about potential candidates for the Edmonton Oiler job.
Yeah.
Why don't we move it on to the Ryan Kessler news?
Yeah.
Before we break down this Sharks-Blues series so far in game two and three.
Yeah, we got a couple of those stories here.
But, yeah, the Ducks tweeted out,
breaking Ryan Kessler underwent successful right hip resurfacing surgery on Thursday, May 9th.
Say that five times fast.
The surgery leaves open the possibility that he could resume his NHL career
following a lengthy recovery.
I don't know, lengthy is probably six months, I'm guessing.
He will be 35 when the next season starts.
But I mean, I think guys, when they get hurt, and you guys could obviously attest to this, I don't think any will be 35 when the next season starts. But I mean, I think guys,
when they get hurt, and you guys could obviously attest to this, I don't think any player wants to
go out on an injury. I think they want to always battle back to being in shape and trying to get
one more kick at the can. Would you agree with that, Whit? Yeah, I would. I would. And I really
hope it works out for him because it, I mean, I didn't really, I guess I had to retire because of
injuries, but I wasn't even in the NHL anymore.
So, I don't know.
For me, it wasn't like that hard.
I just knew it was over.
But I think a guy like Kessler, like, I don't want to go out like this.
I got to get my hip fixed anyway, so let's go full board,
try to rehab this and play again.
And who knows?
Maybe this really works and helps out,
and he can end up getting back to the player he was.
But you saw at the end of last year and most of last year,
it was a struggle for him, and you're happy to see him be able to try
to get some relief because I'm assuming he was in a lot of pain.
Yeah, he had a pretty quick drop-off from, you know,
probably being one of the best two-way centers in the game.
Wish him the best.
Nice thing, though, he did play his 1,000th game.
If in case, you know, things don't go as planned,
he ended up getting that milestone.
But it should be interesting to see what happens with, you know,
he's obviously going to be on injured reserve,
and he's got a pretty significant cap hit, you know,
bringing really not much to the table anymore for what he's getting paid.
I mean, they won't be able to buy him out if he's still on injury reserve,
but once he comes back, that's going to definitely be a question
that comes over the organization's mind moving forward.
Yeah, he'll probably see what kind of shape he's in, and who knows,
maybe he comes back a little bit better than he was before
and can grind it another couple of years.
And if he's still bangeded up and this rehab doesn't work,
then he can go in the long-term IR and it doesn't count against the cap.
So they'll have ways to get around it if this surgery doesn't work
and the hip's just too banged up.
Yeah, we're seeing a similar thing with our handsome pal Loppy as well.
You know, a late, late career injury.
He's trying to battle back and get back to the league. So, you shout out to those guys it's not an easy thing to do and uh we
certainly appreciate it real quick guys before we go any further i want to talk to you about
mugsy jeans for a second if you're an athlete you know how hard it is to find clothes that fit you
well the truth is men's clothes are not designed for guys with bigger asses and legs especially
when it comes to jeans well i have good. The answer to your problems is finally here. Mugsy jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us.
Mugsy was started by a stoolie who was tired of having his balls choked out in jeans.
His goal was simple, reinvent men's jeans to look good and feel outrageously comfortable.
He spent five years working with industry experts and athletes like former NHL player
and Hobie Baker winner, Blake Jeffron, to perfect the fit and feel of his jeans.
The magic is in Muggsy's proprietary denim,
which is made from a bunch of high-tech materials that make these jeans
mind-blowingly soft and flexible.
I got a few pairs of them and they are super comfy.
And when I say flexible, I mean, these jeans are so stretchy.
You could hit the squat rack on them. No problem.
They're so comfortable.
They make basic movements like sitting, bending and kneeling feel like a dream.
No exaggeration.
You'll want to sleep in these jeans.
Even better, Mugsy's come in a stylish fit that's not too baggy but not too tight,
so you somehow look even better than you feel.
Men's Health called Mugsy Jeans the best jeans for athletes for good reason.
Take our word for it.
Give Mugsy Jeans a try, and you won't be able to wear any other jeans again.
Mugsy is so confident you'll love their jeans, they do free shipping and returns,
so your comfort is 100 guaranteed.
Do your legs a favor.
Head to Mugsy.com.
That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out Mugsy's full lineup of jeans and safe-for-work chinos,
including new styles and sizes.
Use the code SPIT for 10 off.
That's a beer on us and a pair of the most
comfortable men's jeans ever made by heading to Muggsy.com using the code SPIT. Another little
tidbit of news from Tuesday, the Maple Leafs president, Brendan Shanahan, signed a six-year
contract extension through 2025. Shouldn't be too much of a surprise here. He's been building a nice
little thing up there, him and Kyle Dubas. There's no money. I don't know what kind of dough he's
making. They don't usually list team president salaries like we do with players and GMs.
He's paid for sure.
Yeah, but no doubt.
So, Shani, we know you're listening.
So, congrats on the little extension there.
Oh, no, he doesn't listen to the pod.
He only listens to your ad reads.
He just fast-forwards.
He's the only person who fast-forwards to the ad reads, not over them.
That's fucking hilarious. And here's one boys i a little birdie told me something um it's not true
i'm not saying reporting anything but i've been told that the sins have uh asked ron francis to
be the president and that it's his if he wants it i'm not reporting that it's happening i'm not
saying it's pending just that ron francis has been offered the president's job in ottawa so uh
that's something we'll keep an eye on, I guess, going forward.
Why would he want that?
I think it's a professional challenge, man.
I think guys in that industry
Now, kind of like your Rick Nash prediction, how long is this open till?
If he takes the job in 2025, did you nail it?
Well, it wasn't a Rick Nash prediction.
It was a report.
I reported that he wasn't going to be returning to the NHL
and he would be retiring.
And you were right.
It only took him four months after you reported it.
But it was one or the other.
He was either going to retire or go back to the NHL.
I said he wasn't a guess.
I've been hearing that Kevin Miller might be ready for the Stanley Cup
final.
All right, that goes against your report.
We'll have to wait and see what happens.
And if that turns out to be the case,
I got bad intel, and I'd be very surprised if it is.
So I'll yell at somebody if I'm wrong.
Before we get off to the breakdown of the Sharks Blues,
did you guys see the troll job by Panarin
in the biggest swimming pool I've ever seen down in Florida
with the biggest grin on his face, and he posted it to his Instagram?
No.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, buddy.
And then Ilya Kovalchuk has the laughing face emoji.
He's just teasing Columbus fans.
Like, Christ sakes.
You got Bobrovsky putting his condo on the market.
Then you got Panarin posting in his new swimming pool in Florida.
And it was actually
a resort pool but he might just buy it after the contract he gets but brovsky closed on his
apartment like before pre-game skate game sex he's like yeah um i just gotta take a nap here and you
can come in uh right after those are like the guys in your team and in junior and i'm sure you've
seen it at the nhl level wit where like you're down 3-0 in a series and
the guys are booking their trip to cancun because there's cheap flights oh dude i wish i knew the
the name because i wasn't on wilkes-barre when it happened oh dude it just came to me too it's
on the tip of the well no it's a euro it was a euro um but i it doesn't even matter the guy's
name so the last game of the season for Wilkes-Barre,
they did not make the playoffs, was in like Philly or whatever.
It was an away game.
So the bus pulls into the Wachovia Center, you know, down the bottom,
down the bottom, pulls into the Wachovia Center.
Everyone gets off.
AHL, you carry your own bag in.
You hang up your gear.
Dude, the guy took
his gear off the bus
and walked over to his car,
popped open the trunk of his car. It was
packed to the absolute tits
with one little space
set for the hockey bag.
He put it right in, shoved
the trunk, and drove home.
That was it. He was packed,
ready to go, completely out of it the other funny
thing i i remember from wilkes-barre's shane endicott who was a nasty player oh he was a horse
i know here's there's another guy who just kind of fell off yeah he was so he was so good that
we should get him on sometime but dude there was uh it was like 10 games into the season. The season is still very young, and the bus broke down,
leaving the parking lot at Wachovia, and they were driving to Philly to play.
They're just waiting, and the bus couldn't get fixed.
They're waiting.
They're going to be late.
Somebody goes, Jesus Christ, cancel the game.
And Endo goes, cancel the season.
Jesus Christ, cancel the game.
And Endo goes, cancel the season.
You can tell he was into it.
Oh, fuck.
That's good.
Funny bastard, that guy.
All right, boys.
We should shift over to the St. Louis-San Jose series now.
We hadn't really talked about game two yet, so let's do that before we get to tonight's game.
The Blues grabbed the two-nut lead 25 minutes in.
They were going on a power play, looked like they were on their way.
And then Logan Couture, man, he does what Logan Couture does.
He scored a shorty, then added another one two minutes later
to erase the deficit.
We were looking like, man, another tight game,
but three minutes left in the second.
Robert Bortuzzo, wow, picked a great time to score his first career playoff goal.
He blew past Joe Thornton, took a sweet feed from Joel Edmondson,
and backhanded what was the eventual game-winner past Martin Jones,
Oscar Sundquist, added a late one to make it a 4-2 final.
But how about Bo Bennett calling Bortuzzo's goal?
Did you see those text messages with that he tweeted out?
Yeah, you guys, that's wild.
So, like, I mean, are we going to put out the messages
or are we just kind of going to describe them?
Or are they already out there?
Bo Bennett just had a feeling.
And he texted it to Bortuzzo and he's like,
oh, I hope you're right.
And anyone who's on Twitter can go find it online.
It's on Bo Bennett's page.
And I think somebody even wrote an article about it.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
It's probably more of a pump-up thing for your buddy
than a prediction, but it came through.
So Bortuzzo had to feel good.
He's not a goal scorer.
He scored a beautiful goal scorer's goal for the eventual game.
What was your take on that game, too?
I thought the Blues did a great job of keeping their D active,
and it was really hard to defend.
You saw a few times.
I mean, Vince Dunn had a beauty of a goal to start things off,
and they just got large contributions from the back end.
And, I mean, we talked about, you know, the superstars on the San Jose Sharks decor.
It was really, I mean, even before tonight, excuse me,
it was really all the St. Louis' back end kind of overplaying them,
and then we saw what happened tonight with Carlson and Bernsie.
But, yeah, it was very impressive.
You know, Jumbo Joe kind of went out to challenge Bertuzzo.
It was a give-and-go kind of thing, and he just blew by him.
And a beautiful forehand to backhand from Bertuzzo,
a guy you don't really see a lot of offensive skill out of all the time.
Yeah, it was a sick move.
And I just immediately was like, please, please, please have this stand as the winner.
I want to hear Bobo get interviewed. like, please, please, please have this stand as the winner. I want to hear Bobo get interviewed.
Please, please, please.
And then immediately our Twitter was just blowing up, counting Bobo as you know.
But that guy, you can tell his teammates absolutely love him.
Just a great guy.
He'll fight for any of them.
He plays hard.
So when you see a guy like that score a big goal, it's like that's so awesome.
And the biggest game of our season
and the game we had to win,
this is the guy who gets the game winner for us.
So it was a great story.
And, you know, you're right.
When a guy that's blocking shots
and eating pucks and fighting anyone that asks
gets the big winner, it's like, dude,
what a moment for that team.
What a moment for him.
Definitely the biggest goal in his career.
I was really impressed with the way they bounced back
after giving up that two-goal lead,
and they really controlled that third period
and then ended up potting another one on a beautiful setup by Steen,
that kind of like behind-the-back pass over to Sundquist.
Yeah.
I mean, that was world-class.
But, yeah, no, overall just a great game.
Binnington looked sharp um after giving
up those two goals and uh and listen i thought they had all the confidence in the world you
mentioned the stat going into that game only six percent of teams to go down oh two uh ended up
coming back to win the series so to me that was of course a must win and then they ended up taking
it home where i mean fuck man fuck, man, marching back twice.
They went down 2-0 in the second game and then climbed back from 3-1 to take the 4-3 lead.
And then Logan Gautier, of course, ties it up.
And, R.A., what did you think about tonight's game?
Unbelievable game.
One of the best ones.
Sick game.
One of the best ones of the series.
I mean, like you said, you've got to think San Jose feels like they probably dodged a little bit of a bullet.
They blew two goal leads.
So, you know, if they end up fucking losing that game,
they're going to be kicking themselves in the ass.
But, I mean, Logan Couture, we're going to talk about this guy
until he's not scoring huge fucking goals.
He tied Pavelski's Sharks record for most goals in one postseason tonight.
He's got 14.
But we do have to say, Bizdol, it's got to be a little bit marred
by the way it happened with the
hand pass. They did win the game
and that's how it's going to get counted. But you've got to feel
for the Blues because they probably should
still be playing right now. Going
back to Game 3, though, to me, like you said,
Biz, it was the Blues season as far as I was
concerned. That's why... You mean Game 2.
Yeah, sorry, Game 2. I don't know if you saw
it. It's good now that I'm full-time at boston i can blog out my gambling corner picks like an
hour or two before the game i gave all the blues as a winner that night so hopefully everybody
jumped on that you gave the under for the bees game yep yep i gave you another win i've been
riding you you're hot right now and i i faced a little bit of criticism for my comment saying
lo gature is one of the greatest playoff performers of all time.
Well, he has been in the last decade.
And if you can sustain a decade-long stand of outperforming
even your regular season stats and just elevating your play come grind time,
to me that puts you in the top of that list.
You're not going to catch the guys in the Wayne Gretzky era.
I think Wayne Gretzky's got like 350 playoff points like come on here but here's a
little stat just to back up the logan gautier comment and this is before uh game three so this
is after game two in 112 playoff games logan gautier has 101 points um or sorry 100 points his regular season ppg is 0.76 and in the postseason he elevates that to a 0.89
yeah that's incredible who else elevates their game to another level during playoffs to that
extent i mean when you're already putting up decent amount of points in regular season
to add another you know another 0.14 percent of that, I mean, that's pretty remarkable.
He's almost at a point a game, and he's played now 113 playoff games,
and then, of course, scores another huge goal to tie things up late for them in order to push it to overtime.
So he continues to prove that point,
and just one of the best modern-day playoff players.
I'm watching right now, he's getting interviewed by JR.
He doesn't separate his teeth when he talks. Have you ever seen this? You see this right now. He's getting interviewed by JR. He doesn't separate his teeth when he talks.
Have you ever seen this?
You see this right now?
His teeth stay together while he talks.
I wonder if he has an injury that causes him to do that.
Maybe he's got breath like Donald Beshear.
What was I going to say about Kutcher?
I mean, dude, 14 goals in 17 games?
Are you kidding me?
You know how many goals 14 goals is?
I actually had that many one year in the NHL.
That's why you brought it up.
No, but just sick playing.
And Ryan O'Reilly, it looked like he was all over him on the tying goal.
He kind of was on his back, thought he might have a stick,
but this guy's a honey badger biz, as you call him,
just grinding away in the crease, gets dirty goals. An incredible
player. I mean, right when you said
that, I knew you'd take heat, but
the proof's in the pudding, as they say.
That might be like an R.A. line, but I think that
he's done a good enough job to show that
when the games get big, dude, nobody
plays better. Another thing we've got to
mention is Joe Thornton. Obviously
after letting his guy go and Bertuzzo
scoring the eventual game winner, he has a great bounce back game. He, after letting his guy go and Bortuzzo scoring the eventual game
winner, he has a great bounce back game. He snapped an eight game goalless drought with two tonight,
a couple beauties. And of course, we got to mention David Perron, who had a solid game in his
third stint with the St. Louis Blues. And I was wondering this, how many players have had more stints with a team like has anyone in their
their nhl career uh went back to a team four times i can't imagine that i feel like i feel
like it might have happened but i just can't i'm drawing a blank one so that's a that's a question
for all our followers if you could shoot us a tweet who's had four stints with the team as
opposed to perron's three because three is ridiculous and you you're saying that like, yeah, so four stints.
So you're on the team, you leave to another
team, and then you end up going back
for the fourth time. I would say
four stints. I said
come back four times. I meant
like who's had four stints, the initial
one and then three extra.
If that's happened, that actually
is shocking. Maybe you're
right. All right. That was a little confusing the way I said it. It's kind of like when you're describing
rock, paper, scissors, you're like, okay, are we doing one, two, three, shoot? Or are we doing one,
two, shoot? I can't describe anything anymore. Anytime in conversations, I'm getting people
saying, what are you talking about? I'm losing my mind, I think. Maybe it's listening to you, Biz.
Guys, before we go any further, I want to talk to you for a minute about trip actions.
There's a reason half of business travelers do not use their company's chosen travel management platform.
Fucking business travel is still ridiculously outdated, time-consuming, and costly.
If you're frustrated with your company's travel management program, or lack thereof, you need to look into trip actions.
They take the pain out of corporate travel with a complete solution that helps businesses save and keeps employees happy. And the reason TripActions works so well is that
it's the first travel management platform designed from the ground up with a road warrior in mind.
It's easy to book your company's travel with the app or desktop and with 24-7 proactive support
around the globe and incentives for employees to save on travel expenses, companies large and
small see over 90 adoption and save up to 34 on travel when they use TripActions.
TripActions rewards travelers for saving their company money, and they'll reward you just for checking them out.
Reshape your company's business travel today with TripActions.
Go to tripactions.com slash chicklets, complete a 30-minute demo with a TripActions account executive, and you'll get 20 off booking fees in 2019.
But it's this month only.
TripActions.com slash chicklets for a free demo
and 20 off booking fees in 2019.
TripActions.com slash chicklets.
One thing off hockey subject I had to mention
was I finally got around to watching that free solo movie.
Oh.
Did you hate the girl as much as I did?
No.
I mean, she loved the guy, and she didn't want him to die.
Okay, whatever.
I'm going to leave that away from it
because I don't need feminists barking up my tree.
But what I will say, when he was climbing El Capitan,
my feet have never sweat so much in my entire life.
I couldn't fucking believe
what that guy was doing
like what I was probably
more nervous watching that than he
was actually climbing it
which is pretty much
insane right absolutely
I get the sweaty palms too anything to do with heights
on a video or something if you like watching those
old Russian YouTube videos
my palms start leaking
when I see that shit.
I'm actually getting
a little sweaty
talking about it right now.
So if you haven't seen it,
I know I'm late
to the party on everything
and I don't watch much television,
but I thank you,
thank you, Whitney,
for the recommendation.
And if you have not seen it,
I mean,
it's a cinematic adventure too.
It's like watching planet Earth
and someone doing a crazy stunt.
The part that kept
anytime they would kind of pan back and just show el capitan from like the ground up i was like
that's when i'd be like how i don't know how is this dude climbing it's there's no like angle for
him yeah it's straight up and there's no there's no cracks at some point it was a straight flush
granite uh to me it was the angle where it kept showing them
like it looked down on them where you could see how far the fall would have been that's when the
sweats kept pouring out of my uh my toes but like yeah i wonder if on if you fall like the 47 people
they showed that fall and have died doing that like are you panicking the whole way down or at
some point is it just like,
all right, it's over?
Actually, I'll say I'll never know
because I'm never going to climb a mountain
with no fucking ropes or with ropes.
But either way, those guys are a fawn.
I'm wondering if you're just panicking
the entire way or maybe you just realize.
Just yell at your fawn,
I'm officially retired.
Oh, you
fucking asshole. But who looks at a mountain
like that and says, oh, geez, I want to climb that
with nothing except my fucking hands.
It's crazy. You have to be a little bit off, I think.
That's living, though. I bet you that guy, when that guy
climbs it, that feeling he has more than
scoring a first NHL goal
and first NHL hat trick and first
NHL game combined.
And first shutout, playing both positions.
Jesus.
A couple of the notes I wanted to get to back to the series,
which you were just talking about Couture and whether he had a mouth injury.
We're not sure on that, but we are pretty positive
that Vince Dunn has an injury to his jaw.
He took a puck right off the fucking jaw tonight.
I don't know if you saw him going off the ice,
but he was fucking wiggling all over the place.
That's a big loss, man.
If that's a broken jaw and he's out,
that kid's played smooth as silk out there.
Moves the puck, skates well.
I know Delzotto can't move like he used to,
but that's probably the reason they picked him up
in case they can move him into that spot.
Yeah, it was tough to see, man. that's a fucking painful place to get hit and uh there was a nice story too that
came out of st louis biz the blues had a special guest at the game um on wednesday night layla
anderson uh she's a little girl she has a life well had a life-threatening immune disease disorder
called hlh and with the help of be the match layla found a donor and had a bone marrow transplant
back in January.
This past week, Layla was able to ring the bell at St. Louis Children's Hospital,
signifying 100 days since her transplant.
And the Blues sent her tickets.
The video, I'm sure it went viral.
We'll tweet it out from the account.
The little girl, her mom told her we're going to the Blues game.
Now, this girl hasn't been able to leave the house in four months.
Her next game out, her next time out is going to the Blues playoff game,
biggest game of the year. So, everybody, make sure sure you see that it was such a hot woman video she got
very emotional when she knew she was going the game and i mean you'd have to have a heart of
steel not to melt watching that hey biz oh it was unbelievable they've done a good job they they had
uh someone come in the last round too uh from winnipeg so just uh just heart heartwarming
moments and and uh you know it's uh it's it's good that she could get out of the hospital.
They were showing her on the NBC feed quite a bit.
And unfortunate that they couldn't pull off the win for her.
But, no, great story.
Good, good stuff.
And one other quick note, too, we want to give a shout-out to Petrangelo.
He tied the Blues record for points by a defenseman in one postseason
with 12 in Game 2.
He didn't get any tonight, so we want to give him a little love as well. Yeah, the Sharks are the Blues record for points by a defenseman in one postseason with 12 in game two. He didn't get any tonight,
so I want to give him a little love as well.
Yeah, the Sharks and the Blues,
they lead the league in points by a defenseman in the playoffs.
Both teams have 42 points from their D-men.
Wow.
Good contributions from the back.
And one little thing I had in my memo pad
was about five minutes into that third period,
Jones absolutely robbed Perron of his hat trick
on a beautiful feedback door from, I think it was O'Reilly.
So that kept him in it, and sure as shit,
Logan Ture ended up tying it up, but that was a big stave by Jones.
And, I mean, both goalies were a little bit shaky in this one,
I mean, giving up quite a bit of goals,
at least more than what they're used to.
And that save kept him in it,
and obviously San Jose ended up prevailing.
No, so we got 2-1 series lead San Jose.
Next game is going to be Friday night.
Bruins have a chance to wrap things up Thursday night.
I didn't launch up.
Too many people saw a sweep happen there.
Hasn't happened yet.
Any other notes, boys, around the National Hockey League
that we want to share with the listeners today?
No, but we do in the American Hockey League slash ECHL the last few years.
The Manchester Monarchs
organization is shut in the mill.
That was when I won my
famous Calder Cup when I led us
all the way to the promised lands.
Basically put the team on my back.
That's pretty much what did me in.
I ended up herniating my disc the next season.
And then another
season after that's when my my
knees finally went so to all the guys i helped win a calder cup for you're welcome i know i had
no points in those playoffs but uh you know i was a heart and soul guy got them going in the locker
room and uh what more can i say you know what i was watching on the news the the the story about
um this college admissions scandal.
Like, RA, you know, you've been following all this stuff?
Yeah, a little bit, a little bit.
Yeah, like, I just was, it was randomly on the other night.
These people are the biggest fucking assholes I've ever met in my life
because it's unreal to think that you're supposed to set your children up
to, like, you know, be able to know what it takes to survive and be
successful in the real world and these fucking morons thought it would be smart just to like
pay their way into college like what is that even teaching a kid i can't believe i i'm shocked
they're like going to jail for it and shit uh i didn't think it'd be like that serious but i guess
when you look into like money and bribery all all that type of stuff, but what a bunch of assholes these celebrities were.
And Aunt Becky, one of the all-time smoke shows from Full House,
Jesse's wife, Jesse, right?
Is that his name? Uncle Jesse?
These people, though, talk about not setting your kid up
to like know what the real world's all about,
paying for them to get into college.
You fucking asshole.
Just let them get into college on their own,
and if they can't, they've got to figure it out.
What kind of parenting is that?
So fuck them.
Yeah, not very good parenting.
Like you say, what kind of lessons are they going to learn
when you're just fucking buying everything for them?
It's unbelievable.
What astounded me, two things about Aunt Becky,
their Laurie Laughlin, her name is,
is first she shows up to court.
Now, it's a federal case, and they're actually,
it's a case out of Boston, right down the seaport that courthouse down there she shows up to the first day of court
like dressed to the nines all smiling giggly signing fucking autographs it's like i don't
wish a lawyer to tell you to like cut the shit like this isn't a fucking celebrity appearance
for like you're going to federal court yeah it's kind of a slap in the face oh totally fucking
signing autographs and taking pictures it was it was fucking stupid and then i saw she paid her and her husband now her husband started that um fashion line
mossimo the italian line because you're probably familiar with it mossimo or mossimo however you
say it so the guy's a fucking gazillionaire so 500 grand is probably a drop in the bucket to him
but imagine spending a half a million dollars to get your kid in the fucking usc you know disrespect
the usc great film school all that but fucking a half a million dollars for your kid to go to school there that's just obscene
and obnoxious and ridiculous it's just such a sign of just give it to your kid i mean it's just like
what are you doing like what is that doing for that kid like yeah he's not they're never gonna
need money but it's just like i don know. I just was disgusted by that.
But on a serious note. Like, Dad, can you help get me into, like, BU?
Shut up.
Get yourself into BU, you fuck.
What am I going to do?
What are you going to do after college?
Will you pay for the college tuition if they get in?
Yeah, fuck yeah.
Pay for my kids' college tuition.
I mean, fortunate enough, I'll be able to.
I mean, that's something you 100 want to pay.
You just don't pay for them to get in.
Yeah, I did all that shit by myself.
Neither of my parents went to college, so they didn't even know.
North Adams State.
North Adams, baby.
North Adams.
Before we end this out, can I actually say something serious
about the Manchester Monarchs?
Sure.
Oh, that was one of the most fun I've ever had in a season of hockey.
We obviously won the championship,
but that was a tough start to the year for me
because I didn't have a team to play on.
I ended up going to the Portland Pirates,
who were the American League affiliate of the Phoenix Coyotes at the time.
Things didn't work out, and when I got let go by them,
I didn't have a pot to piss in.
I ended up making a phone call uh to mike fuda and um and mike's to others and and basically hey i got released can
like can i come play there and they were like sure we could use a little extra toughness because they
had so much skill in the lineup and uh the group of guys was incredible i have tons of friends that
i still keep in touch with uh with those those teams and it's amazing what the sport
can do for people on a personal level I knew I was going nowhere after that I was never going to get
up back up to the NHL level but that did a lot for me personally so I want to thank those guys
and thank the organization thank the fan base for my experience there and it's one I will never
forget and I even got to spend a little time with you when I was
in Manchester when you got back from Russia.
That was fun. That was when
you'd come in once a week. We'd go
do dinner, maybe do a little shopping,
hang out, smoke a little.
Yeah, I love that. I was going to say there's not much
pie in Manchester
so sometimes I would also come in to look
at the poutine.
Oh, last thing before we wrap up because it's late.
So when Yandel was over the other night,
we were talking about the Walshie interview
and talking about how funny it was.
People loved it.
And he was telling me the back story of when Walshie got called to play
for Lowell that game because Joe Rullier was running around for Manchester.
So the night that Rullier was running around and being a madman,
they left the game in Manchester, wherever it was,
and they pulled into a bar and Tom Rowe was the coach.
And he's like, get out.
We're playing guilty tomorrow, boys.
So Ned Haven was on the team with Yandel that while she came to and they get
in and like, I guess they're in the bar,
and they're like, is this legit?
Like, okay, we're going to start drinking.
And Roe was like, this is fucking bullshit, getting pushed around.
This guy's bullying us around.
And Keith, the coin was one.
I was like, let's call Walshie.
So Brian Yandel knew Walshie.
He's like, no way that's going to happen.
And sure as shit, the next morning,
it's a Providence Bruins bag there for pregame skate.
So it was just funny that it went down in the bar of like them
texting and calling Walshie that night after
the game and him coming in the next night
looking to tell Joey Rulia to get out of
his face and stop bullying his team.
Love it.
Love it. Love it. Love the Walshie stories. We've got
to get him back. He was obviously one of our
most popular guests. He was a fucking riot
and we'll definitely have him back. But boys, I think
that wraps up this episode. We had a lot to
chat about and hopefully everybody has a great
weekend out there. I'm out.
