Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 177 of Spit and Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Conference finals are winding down, and we're winding up, getting ready for the Stanley Cup final.
Let's say hi to the boys this evening. Producer Mikey Grinelli, let's go to you first. What's up, brother?
What's up, boys? I'm back in Boston for my little brother's graduation.
I actually found out that him and Mike babcock's son are actually buddies so i almost had to run in with babs at their
graduation today so i would had some words for babs if you ask me dummy you oh so so quick yeah
he would he would but i got commodore's back so i'd take one for the team oh there we go next up
we just heard ryan whitney the wit dog chime, chime in. What's going on with you there, brother?
What's going on, guys?
I feel like we haven't talked in a long time.
I was away this weekend in Columbus.
Have some funny things that happened over the weekend.
I was playing some golf out there.
But it's a pleasure to be back.
I got the cut to catch that game this afternoon where the Blues dominated.
So there's a lot of stuff going on in the sports world.
Kepka wins the PGA Championship.
So I'm ready to talk shop with you fellas.
Absolutely.
We'll be getting all that shortly.
And last but not least, Paul, Biz Nasty, Bissonette.
It looks like your home, judging by the fucking ceiling there,
it looks familiar, not a hotel room.
Yeah, that's the Arizona ceiling back in 80s.
That's how all the girls know him too.
Guys, I have to issue yet
again another apology because apparently on last podcast or maybe two podcasts ago in the midst of
carolina's playoff run i insulted jordan martinook's unibrow now jordan martinook after they got beat
out gave me a call and he's like but i'm crushing beers here enjoying some times with the fellow sharing and reminiscing some stories and i get carolina hurricanes fans coming up to you at the
bar asking me about my unibrow now what the fuck is going on so he called me and i'm like bud it
was just a little a little jab i know it got a little out of control when you're in arizona and
he goes dude i book an appointment once a month i get this thing dialed right in with the wax so fuck you i want apology on the podcast so i promised
him i said man i'm really sorry i i know you manscape properly uh my bad so jordan martinook
i apologize and now that i've apologized we're going to get him on the podcast at some point
hopefully soon uh he has to get uh hernia, actually. That's what he was out with.
I've had that done.
Oh, not good.
I think you're going about two weeks straight blowjobs, no sex.
So, I mean, take that as a positive or negative.
Man, did you get sliced open, Biz, or did you get it arthroscopically?
Both sides.
Sure as shit.
Actually, I went to St.is to get it done but uh
okay here's a crazy story so i i was staying at a friend's place house sitting after i got in
surgery i flew back to vancouver and i ended up having this girl over who i hadn't crushed
well i'm crushing her and it's like i can barely move but yeah i'm a horny fucking guy so i ain't
turning down a kill no matter how bad I'm on the IR.
Dude, she was a woman.
She was about four years old.
I make her orgasm, and then I humble brag, humble brag,
and then I'm going to flip her over again because I hadn't come yet.
I'm a giver.
I was going to flip her over a different position.
Buddy, when she orgasmed, she shit all over my friend's sheets.
All over my friend's sheets.
And listen, I buy restoration hardware sheets.
These were like, I think the company was called like Saint something.
And the sheets were like 700.
So I had to go replace the sheets.
So there's a legit cliche here.
So I called her Shitty Cindy, and I would go around telling the story. I wouldn't specifically's a lady's name was cindy so i called her shitty cindy and i was
you know i would go around telling the story i wouldn't tell i specifically say the lady's last
name nobody knew who it was but i i don't know if and i was a fucker in the ass so i was i was
straight pussy orgasm and then shit i don't know if that's ever happened anyone listening so this
one got off the rails quick um yeah hernia surgery so uh good luck to jordan martin hook in his recovery and hopefully
we can get him on soon was that was that his out of his intro all of that yeah the hernia surgery
i got it done on both sides bilateral sports hernia surgery is what it's called i got the
meshing put in there but uh that led into to the fact that you know it sucks that you're out on the
ir and you can't bang unless you're just like a horny savage like myself which that led to the shit okay sorry
about that it'll never be forgotten should we talk a little bit of golf no i want to talk hockey i'm
i don't i have thoughts on golf that i'm not exactly sure how i'm gonna uh say yet on this
at the end of this podcast when we talk about it. Well, what I want to talk about is your insult to Riggsie
because the foreplay crew for Barstool ended up going to the PGA Championship.
Was that what it was?
Or the U.S. Open?
PGA.
And they were wearing golf shoes walking around.
Now, I wouldn't have criticized that personally
because I don't know what the boundaries are. Essentially, what you're saying is you're putting at the same level as somebody
it's like a grown-up who brings their baseball glove to the baseball field for mlb game it's
not bringing your glove to the game but it's like one little minuscule step beneath that pretty much
to me like dressing up in full hockey gear and going to an NHL game
to sit in the stands?
I couldn't even. I was scrolling
through Twitter in between rounds
and I stopped.
I went, oh my God, are you kidding me?
Literally out loud. Kid next
to me is like, what? I'm like,
these guys from Barstool, from the
golf podcast at Barstool are at
the tournament.
They're wearing goddamn golf shoes.
They're not playing golf, though.
He's like, no, they're those guys.
I go, look, Foot Joy SLs, comfortable shoes. I will say so myself.
But I wear them when I play golf.
I don't wear them when I go watch golfers play golf.
And I was just amazed.
And I was like, they're those guys.
They're kind of like bring your glove to the game juniors. Or if you look at it, um, you know, like I think
rig said to me, Oh yeah, they have traction, bro. You're walking around grass, buddy. Why does
everyone else have Nike? Why don't caddies wear golf shoes? Wow. Okay. So you know more about
golf. I was going to say to his defense in the morning time, there's a lot of dew on the grass. So you never know when you're going to slip.
Um, I'm, I'm, I'm on, I'm on the fence about this one. All right. How do you feel about it?
You know what? I'm not much of a golfer where I probably shouldn't weigh in, but yeah, I guess
if it's an athletic equipment and you're not participating and yeah, I don't know why you're
wearing it. I know they said some of the players did,
but they're fucking professional golfers.
That's part of their uniform.
Yeah, I mean, if you're not playing golf,
I don't see why you'd wear the shoes.
Does Bill Belichick wear cleats when he coaches?
No.
There's no need to have golf shoes on when you're watching guys play golf.
Fair enough.
I'll tell you right now, if you're comfortable, comfortable who am i to say besides uh i think they look like
clowns so i got a good little chuckle out of it to be quite uh all right i just that's the only
golf talk we have before we go to the interview which uh who do we got our rate today we have
john scott come with us today he was a noted face puncher during his NHL days. And, of course, he won the 2016 NHL All-Star Game MVP
and was actually subsequently banished to the Rock, the AHL.
He actually, what we just discussed.
To Newfoundland.
Newfoundland.
Newfoundland.
That was classic biz.
I got my Canadian passport taken away for that, by the way.
I don't know if I can let you guys know.
What was the word you butchered last week that I've gotten tagged in a bunch of tweets?
Skeptical.
Skeptical.
It should have been skeptical.
And then they put it up on that stupid stat wit Twitter.
I just got fucking torched.
You guys know the drill.
Torched online.
Oh, also, we dropped the new t-shirt biz.
The old banana lands dropped.
We got to fucking get word out on that.
I didn't know where to go with it.
I just kind of thought simple banana lands in the front
and then have three.
What's that?
I said, there's one.
You said it once already.
Yeah, there you go.
Exactly.
And then on the back, we just have three bananas
that have like character faces that the words I use was Grinnell.
He put bananas on the back with faces that look like they're on hard drugs.
So R.A. when he visits the Barstool headquarters.
Speaking of last show, I just hung out with PK the night before.
I still had a few more days down there.
Boys, I did Barstool breakfast at Friday morning with Large and Willie.
Those guys are animals.
I was triple fisted at fucking 8.30 in the morning.
A glass of red, a glass of white,
and a fucking IPA full shot curlery board there
with like meats and cheeses.
Those guys know how to do radio, right?
You're leaving at 9 a.m.
You're leaving at 9 a.m.
It's like feeling great.
Oh, 9 a.m.
I did.
I'm like, what time's check?
I get back to the hotel.
What time's checkout?
She's like 12.
I was like, oh, good.
I can squeeze a little cat nap before I fucking get to get out of here.
Oh, I'm surprised you didn't go just knocking on some guy's door trying to
catch a bag in the city at that point and just go full RA.
Hey, but no, shout out.
Again, once again, I had a blast down in New York.
My first time down there was a full-time employee at Barstool Sports.
And I'm just happy and proud to be part of this raw pirate ship, as we call it.
So we're going to expect some nice blogs coming up here in the cup finals, R.A.
Fucking right, yeah.
He's already pissing off Leaf fans.
R.A., what did you write recently, your most recent blog?
I enjoyed reading it.
I forgot, you're a good writer.
I like reading your shit.
You didn't write anymore.
Yeah, well, yeah, I did.
I basically stopped. But I'm back, man.
I think I had, well, including gambling blogs,
I think I had about eight or nine blogs up this week.
Last night I posted some TV show recommendations
because there was no hockey, so I said,
hey, a couple shows for people to watch.
I can just sense his concentration on now this job.
It's night and day.
You're buzzing at the Barstool headquarters.
Now there is one thing I need to ask you about.
You didn't get the star treatment when PK wasn't with you,
and you ended up going to Instagram story,
and you posted about it.
What happened?
They wouldn't let you inside a club?
Yeah, well, I was staying at the hotel.
It's called the Moxie.
It's right around the block from the new headquarters at Barstool.
And when I checked in, they said, oh, we have a rooftop deck bar, whatever the fuck, a bar around the block from the new headquarters at barstool and then when i check in they said oh we have a rooftop a rooftop yeah rooftop deck bar whatever the fuck you know bar
on the top of the roof and our guests are welcome there so i was okay so i called you know what's
the dress code oh no hats no torn jeans and i was like all right because usually you know when
you're paying and fucking to stay somewhere they just let you in so i went to the downstairs they're
like oh you have to go leave the hotel go this door blah blah so i walk in the guy comes out he
gives me like the total like up and down like looks he's like, oh, you have to leave the hotel. Go to this door, blah, blah, blah. So I walk in. The guy comes out. He gives me the total up and down looks.
He's like, I'm sorry, sir.
Are you on the list of the guests tonight?
I'm like, no, I'm a guest at the hotel.
He's like, yes, guest at the hotel.
Needed to be here by 930.
It was like midnight.
I was like, all right, dude.
You don't want 40 for a margarita, then fucking see you later.
You know what place he's talking about?
It's the famous bar that you took me to.
Remember how I told you about the famous people bar and they
wouldn't even let you in that time?
Oh, I had to call in an airstrike.
Yeah, it's pretty intense up there. I mean, it's a
good view and stuff, but like you said,
I mean, you would have just went up there and overpaid
for drinks and probably wouldn't have talked
to one chick. So if anything, the guy did you a favor.
Seriously, they're lost. I
just really want to check out the view. I love the
views of Manhattan, but they wouldn't fucking let me do it.
No dice with no PK.
Well, maybe all our lovely following can write Yelp reviews on this.
What's it called?
What's the name of it again?
The Floor Room.
The Floor Room.
Yeah.
It's more of a lounge.
Yeah.
Whatever.
No harm, no foul.
But, yeah, I had a blast down in New York, man.
Always a good time. And, yeah, I definitely got a bounce on my step. I hadn't blogged for a while. a lounge yeah and whatever no harm no foul but yeah i had a blast down new york man always a
good time and yeah i definitely got a bounce in my step i i hadn't blogged for a while i think i
banged about eight or nine already by the way well we'll get to the gambling corner later had a nice
week there but we'll get to that boys you want to talk some pucks or what love it congratulations
to rear admiral and mike grinnell that's two big-time Bruins fans. You guys are Eastern Conference champions.
A very impressive run.
The team right now looks as good as they've ever looked.
So good for you.
And what were your initial thoughts when it all ended in four quick games?
I was surprised they swept them.
I thought Carolina would get at least a game, as I had predicted before.
But I think as the Bruins have gone on and played more wits,
they just seem to be getting better.
They just seem to team defense is impeccable.
I think it was game four versus Columbus.
It's almost like they turned on a switch.
They shot down their big guns for the rest of that series.
Carolina's guns couldn't get much going.
Ajo, Fogle, Toivo, Tyra Vine in there.
Those guys could never get on track.
I don't know if they were a little bit gassed,
but I was impressed with just the authority that the Bruins did it with.
And, I mean, Tuukka Rask, I know we've been on Logan Couture's hog for a while,
so I think it's time we switch over to Tuukka Rask.
We've been on both of them.
Right, true.
But he's been incredible.
In his postgame, they asked him, you know,
what kind of problems did the Canes give you?
And he's like, oh, really, not a whole lot because, you know, his team did so well in front of him.
So I'm happy to be moving on, but, you know, we still got four more to go.
What about you, Brunelli?
I think the big thing is that they've been able to stay healthy so far.
It seems like every time the Bruins have made like a playoff run,
we're worrying about, you know, Bergeron's got a punctured lung
or, you know, Marchand's hurt or Chara's hurt.
And it just seems like they've been able to stay healthy.
Everything's clicking.
Rask is playing unbelievable.
I love this Connor Clifton kid.
I think he's looked great so far.
And, I mean, they're just getting great play from everyone, from Grizzly,
from all the guys from, you know, top to bottom.
It's just been fun to watch.
Now, was Grizzly a little banged up in game four?
And, of course, Chara sat out.
Chara missed game four. Yeah, Chara did miss game four. I know Grizzly kept little banged up in Game 4? And, of course, Chara sat out. Chara missed Game 4.
Yeah, Chara did miss Game 4.
I know Grizzlik kept going back to the bench.
Maybe it was a shoulder issue.
But a huge thing that they swept.
I know a lot of rest sometimes isn't the best recipe.
At least that's what history tells us as far as who ends up winning the Cup.
But they're going to be able to get fully rested before the end of this.
And then you've got two other teams on the other side
just in a bit of a dogfight right now,
especially if that ends up going to seven.
I mean, does it scare you that you guys got the sweep
if the other series goes to seven based on the previous,
what would you say, the analytics on it?
I'm not at all.
I have a lot of faith in the leadership in the Bruins,
particularly Chara and Bergeron.
They just seem to be rocks in that locker room.
The other teammates are always mentioning them too.
And, of course, you've got Krejci, Marchand, and Tupac.
They've all been there since 2011 too.
I don't have any real fear of it.
If there's any rust, I think it'll be maybe the first period,
maybe the first five, ten minutes before it melts away.
But the Bruins, like right now, they're just locked in.
I think if there is any rust, it'll come off very quickly.
That's my take.
What's crazy is there was a time earlier in the playoffs
where we thought there was injury issues
because Poshnok looked like he was shit-faced out there.
I mean, he was like, it was crazy.
We were all like, there's something going on,
and magically everything turned around and they've just started dominating.
That line gets going.
It's so fun to watch.
It goes in the corner.
Marshawn somehow gets every single loose puck.
And whenever the camera's at it, you know, when the puck's at an angle you can't see,
he comes out of it with it.
And there's like a guy behind him.
I never understood how he's  he's like a worm.
Corey Perry was the same way, Biz.
They just always come out of it with the puck.
So those three get going.
The layoff issue, I will say, it's tying the longest amount of days off a team
has had before the first game of the cup final.
That was Anaheim in 2003.
They lost.
I think it was the Devils that year.
Yeah.
They're going to have ten full days off.
So I read a thing that's like they're thinking about possibly practicing at night to try to mimic like the days.
I don't know.
I don't know what the story on that one would be.
But it's a lot of time and stuff changes quick.
And so you got to think at the beginning of the next series.
It may be it may be a little tough and a little quick right off the bat.
But overall, man, I think they should be able to figure that out,
and with the rest, guys will get healthy because you know everyone's banged up.
We've got to congratulate the Carolina Hurricanes on a wonderful season.
They were a little bit banged up as well.
I mean, from what I've been reading on Twitter,
basically half their lineup by Game 4 was AHL caliber,
not taken away from any of those guys.
They're going to keep getting
better and and grow into seasoned NHL players but uh you know tough to be banged up and and
you know not not having the type of weapons that a team like Boston has uh you essentially just
need to get to harass type goaltending in order to stay in it and this was this was a this was a
tough series to watch this was not good for the league.
No, I mean, it was just utter domination.
There was zero excitement, really.
Besides game one and going into the third, the Bruins were down.
I said in five, too, I thought they'd get a game.
But they were so overmatched from the get-go.
I made a lot of money.
It was an easy series to make some money, boys.
You start riding the Bruins at the end of that Columbus series,
and you ride that train right now.
What are they on, a seven-game win streak right now or six?
Seven-game win streak right now.
Seven-game win streak.
I think that's got to be some sort of record.
Yeah.
I don't actually know.
In the last 30 years, only four Bruins have playoff point streaks
in seven-plus games.
No, so that's individual.
I was reading some different stats.
I don't understand, though, that they were able to look so bad
early in that Columbus series, a couple games.
If not a couple, definitely one.
And then since then, it's just something's completely switched.
And Bergeron, I know we stroke him, but people don't know.
I think like Andrew Cogliano, he's not on Twitter or anything,
but he's a hilarious guy.
So him and I, we enjoy texting about hockey.
He loves  he's watching hockey all the time.
And he even writes me.
This is a guy who probably should have the Ironman streak right now currently.
He's had a hell of a career defensive forward,
played on a bunch of great teams, and he just texts me like,
look at Bergeron again. We're chatting about his plays.
He goes, the guy's the king out there.
These are other players.
He's just so good, and I don't know
if you agree with me, R.A., but I said
this weekend to a couple guys,
Bobby Orr, in terms of all-time
Bruins greats, he ain't getting touched. He's top.
He's in the attic. Nobody's touching him. Nobody's
even getting up there.
Bergeron's next. He's true.
It's more than Bork for me.
Cam, it's more than for
Neely. It's more than everyone. I think he's
the second greatest Boston Bruin ever.
Yeah, I think definitely if they
end up getting another cup and adding to
that, I would clearly put him ahead of Ray Bork.
I mean, people
know the old school people might argue with you,
but I'm on your side.
What he's done in creating that winning environment
and not really getting paid to what he's produced,
like all these guys are on fair deals,
and when you've got the top end of the food chain taking a fair deal,
the other guys are just going to fall in line.
Another stat here, too, is right now Boston has 23 third-period goals,
which is the most for many teams in the postseason.
So, you know, get stronger later in games, too.
That's a great asset to have, especially if you want to make a deep run.
The other thing that I noticed at the end of the series that was pretty cool,
so Chara threw his gear on and went out there for the handshake line,
which was interesting.
I mean, we've seen everyone do it when you win the cup,
but I didn't remember anyone doing it just for like the first round.
But either way, it was great because when he ran into Brindamore,
the NBC cameras, you could kind of hear what they were saying.
And Brindamore was like, I'm paraphrasing.
He's like, I respect the hell out of you.
Can't believe you're still doing it, man.
Like, you know, 41, whatever is he? What is he, 42? I think he's 42, I respect the hell out of you. Can't believe you're still doing it, man. Like, you know, 41, whatever is he?
What is he, 42?
I think he's 42, yeah.
Either way, Bryn Mawr and then Char is saying, no, I respect you so much.
You know, same to you.
It was like the ultimate show of, like, honor between both of them.
You could tell they really appreciated each other.
And it was interesting to hear right before the game that Char was out.
I don't know what the deal is, but even though they got by them
in the fourth game without him, he would be an enormous hole
and a huge issue if he wasn't able to be healthy in the cup final.
I completely agree.
And one other thing regarding similar to the handshake line,
as the players were leaving the ice, Cam Neely had made his way down
right to the exit, and he shook every player's hand as they were coming off,
giving them big hugs and stuff.
So, I mean, a lot of pressure on management in today's NHL.
And, you know, they've assembled a great squad.
They run a great organization.
And, you know, a reason I think why Char did it too is you've got to celebrate
that type of shit nowadays.
These seasons are long, and they take a lot out of you and and who knows how much longer he's going to be around so you got to enjoy
the the time uh the time when you're you're having success um another uh carolina hurricanes news
this one was unfortunate a guy who came on the podcast uh this was tweeted out i forget who
tweeted it out uh it's and this is the. It's my understanding that Carolina Hurricanes plan on buying out the contract
of goaltender Scott Darling when the buyout period opens
and the net miner is aware of their decision.
So, you know, a guy who's been through some hardships and overcame them,
ended up winning a cup in Chicago, helping them out in that first round
until Crawford was able to find his game.
Ended up getting a nice contract in Carolina.
Awesome guy.
Wish the best for him.
Hopefully he lands on his feet, gets another opportunity with another team.
You can just see how, you know,
some of these goalies are able to find their second win.
I mean, Robert Leonard's another guy.
Or Robin Leonard?
Sorry.
Robin.
Yeah, Robin Leonard.
Wits, going back to your question or your point about Bergeron,
yeah, I have no problem putting him right up there with Orr.
And I wrote a blog the other day, and if the Bruins were to win the cup,
and I'm not putting the cart in front of the horse,
that's a big if here.
If they were to win the cup this year,
this era of Bruins from 2011 up until 2019,
it would match basically the output of the Orr era Bruins.
The Orr era Bruins or era Bruins.
They went to three Stanley cups.
They won two of them in nine over nine years span.
This,
this version of the Bruins would do essentially the same thing.
So yeah,
they're going to be in the conversation and Bergeron will have one,
two again.
I'm not assuming anything.
I just want to make that clear.
But yeah,
a lot of guys didn't do it.
Uh,
nearly didn't,
uh,
Bork didn't.
So it would be a hell of a feather in his cap.
A couple of the notes too. I mean, they held the canes to just five goals in four games. Andork didn't. So it would be a hell of a feather in his cap. A couple of the notes, too. I mean, they held
the Canes to just five goals in four games.
And I don't know if it would have made a difference,
but I actually said on Instagram after game one,
I wonder if Brindamore will come back with
McElhinney in game two. Of course, he didn't.
He came back with Mrazic. Mrazic
just didn't have it. I thought he would have pulled him.
Game two was his worst game, right?
I mean, he was awful in that. Yeah.
He didn't pull him. But I guess Brindamore didn't pull a goalie all year.
So, I mean, that shouldn't matter.
If a guy should get yanked, he should get yanked.
And I also want to echo Biz's point about the Hurricanes.
You know, kudos to the Canes organization for the great run they had this season.
They made things fun, even if it did piss off some people.
I know they got a boatload of free agents,
but hopefully they made some real genuine traction,
and they can sustain it for a long time now now because it's been a decade since they've been
in the playoffs. We've seen the success in Nashville. We've seen it in Columbus this year.
You know, we're cheering for every team as an NHL podcast. We want teams to be doing well,
and we're really hoping it sticks in Carolina because it was fun, man. They had a lot of fun
down there, and although he didn't do much in the Bruins series, Jacob Slavin had a real great playoffs, a little bit of a coming out party.
And one other note, I'm not sure if you missed it,
press conference Saturday, the Bruins said that Kevin Miller
will not be ready for the Stanley Cup final.
Just want to pass that along.
Okay.
Going back to the last podcast, Bates Pataglia, why are you guys laughing?
Because I called him out last week saying i heard it's a possibility
that he could come back and he just jammed it right down my face okay okay i must have been
zoning out um what was it oh uh going back to the last podcast bates pataglia was very critical of
bruce cassidy savage i know and and and and some people i got a couple tweets about it saying like
oh why would
you throw him out of the bus it's like dude that's that's that was his opinion on Bruce Cassidy when
he played for him like what do you mean we're gonna censor that shit no I think Bruce Cassidy
has done an excellent job in Boston the record proves itself they I would say from the start
of the season till now Boston has been the most consistent team they've never had really long
Boston has been the most consistent team.
They've never had really long lapses.
San Jose, who had a great team this year, went through a few.
You saw Calgary went through a few lapses where they couldn't even provide offense right after the All-Star break.
Like, Cassidy's done a good job.
So that's not my opinion on it.
That was Bates Battaglia when he played for them, what, 10 fucking years ago.
Hey, man, coaches get better.
They learn, and they start preparing more.
Yeah.
I was just going to say that.
I could actually see that maybe he wasn't ready to be a head coach then,
but you can improve a ton after your first experience
and realizing what you did didn't work and taking time,
and maybe he got that much better because they have been great
ever since
he came over I mean it changed they changed the way they played almost immediately when Julian
left and he came there so I think he's definitely figured something out in the years that he took
from from being gassed from his first try yeah I agree on all points and I actually David Crecci
we talked about him before the playoffs uh Whitney is how good of a performer he is in the postseason.
Well, he gets one more point, and he's going to tie Phyllis Bezito
for number two in team playoff history with the Bruins.
He currently has 101 points in 125 games played.
I mean, that's such a huge thing for a franchise that old
that Creachy's going to be number two.
So, you know, again, kudos to him.
What do you got there, Biz?
Well, I mean, we're probably going to wrap this up, right?
Boston, Carolina, nothing much else to say,
and then we're going to throw it over to John Scott.
And I hate to beat a dead horse,
and this is going back to this San Jose Sharks Golden Knights series.
This is a Brett Hedekin tweet that I thought was very interesting,
and it's regarding the amount of goals that were scored
in that five-minute major that was controversial.
There have been 8,448 majors in the NHL's history. Only one other
time has four goals been scored on one of them. Only other time a team scored four PP goals during
a major was the Blues in 1998, game three of the Western Conference Finals at the Los Angeles Kings.
Blues also overcame a 3-0 deficit in the third period during it.
One game in regulation, 4-3.
So isn't that fucking crazy that the scores were the exact same when it happened?
It was in the third period.
I mean, of course, Golden Knights ended up tying it and pushing it to OT.
But I just thought that was a little interesting that only one other time in the league's history
has a team scored four, and it was, in fact, in playoffs,
and they overcame a 3-0 deficit.
Wow, that would have been wild.
I would have for sure guessed the Montreal Canadiens
because, of course, they're the reason they changed
the power play rule back in, like, the 50s or 60s.
You used to get the whole two minutes,
but the Canadians were so good, they had to change the rule
and put players back on the ice.
I didn't know that.
That's interesting.
Did you know that, Whit?
No, never knew that.
R.A. is just fucking buzzing.
He's got the  hey, get the Rays, get the title.
Holy shit, buddy.
Fucking right, brother.
I'm fired up.
I'm a little pig roast.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How are you?
All right, without any further ado, let's send it over to John Scott.
This is a very entertaining interview, and I hope you all enjoy it.
Our next guest played in 286 games and seven NHL stops over eight seasons
in which he accumulated 544 penalty minutes, listed as 6'8", 260.
He was among the most feared fighters of the last true generation of enforcers,
but he also had some touch as well,
as he was named MVP of the 2016 NHL All-Star Game,
then subsequently was banished because of it.
I'd like to welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast, John Scott.
Hello.
Welcome to the show, pal.
What are you up to these days?
What are you doing with yourself?
I literally just threw a show on for my five daughters so i could talk to you guys so i'm just
knuckles deep in diapers right now you have five daughters yes oh i guess that's one way to start
off how to announce your presence any Any athletes in the group?
Yeah, my youngest one,
she's off the charts as far as size.
She's a monster,
so she's going to be the athlete
if she wants to be.
But they're all so young.
My oldest is seven,
so we'll see.
It's early.
Just riding their coattails?
That's why you retired so early.
Oh, my gosh, yeah.
Definitely.
Yeah, because you had
a set of twins, right? Right when the All-Star game Yeah, because you had a set of twins right when the All-Star game happened.
Did you have another set of twins,
or did you have two more babies spaced out over the last couple of years?
No, one more after the twins.
That was my three-four.
Then I had one more since my research.
Research, you guys.
Unbelievable.
Hey, just one last shot for the boy and just the fifth girl,
so let's shut it down because my boys swim, but they only produce women.
That's right.
So you've been enjoying the games?
I know obviously you just said five daughters.
You probably don't have a lot of time,
but are you able to watch any of the playoff games?
And if so, I'm assuming you're pulling for your boy Jumbo Joe, no?
Oh, yeah.
I've been watching all the Sharks games.
I didn't watch any of the Bruins series because it was super boring
and who wants to watch the Hurricanes?
But I've been watching all the Sharks games and trying to get
yeah, I want Jumbo to get the cup.
So that's what we're pulling for right now.
Well, right now they look a little old, a little tired.
They've been battling a few injuries, at least in this last game that just happened.
What are your thoughts about them going back to St. Louis
and potentially grabbing one there?
Oh, man.
If you look at this series, I don't even think
they should have won one game.
They're lucky it's that game six
and it's not looking good.
I don't know. Carlson's banged up.
Pavs, who knows if he comes back.
They've had two hard game
sevens in a row and it's just
wearing on them. I hope, I hope they win.
I'm pulling for them.
I'm hopefully going to open the door in the Stanley Cup Finals.
I've been talking to Jumbo for that.
But I know, right?
They just got to make it to the Cup Finals to get me in there.
But I don't know.
It's sad to see the level of play kind of drop off from last series to this series.
But, yeah, they've slowed down a lot this series
so so have they asked you in fact if they advance to go to the finals and open the door to get the
boys going they're you know it's in the works paul i don't want to i don't want to get too
concrete into the into the issue but let's just say if they made the finals i would hopefully be
in one of the games yes they just going to offer you enough money.
That's all it takes.
Show me the money and I'll be there.
First class flight.
Am I staying at the Fairmont?
Am I staying at some shitty hotel inn?
What's the deal here, guys?
Oh, please.
I did this thing with Paul a couple weeks ago and I show up and I'm in this trailer.
I could touch the walls all around and Paul is set up in the hotel across the street.
He has the suite.
It was just embarrassing for me.
And he would wave to me from the suite at the penthouse.
I was like, wow, must be nice, Paul.
Must be nice.
For those of you who didn't see it, we did this.
We couldn't call them Zambonis at the time because Zamboni is a specific company and they wouldn't allow it.
So we had to call it the ice resurfacing race. And me and this guy did a couple laps in the
fastest time one. I kind of went full WWE wrestler on it where I was chirping John Scott the whole
time. You were pretty subtle with your chirps, but ultimately you ended up beating me and you
were funnier on the whole thing. It was our our relationship in a microcosm where you talked a big game and chirped
and chirped and then i ended up just beating your ass in the end so it was perfect well let's change
topics i'm teasing i'm teasing i love you good hey uh john i'm just before we go into your career
we had a bunch of questions there.
It's been just about three years, I think, since you retired.
How have you found that?
What have you been getting into?
And what's it been like not being around that NHL grind anymore?
You know what?
It was actually, everyone warned me about stepping away.
Like, oh, the first three years are the hardest.
But I haven't found it that hard I don't
know if it's just because I had other stuff because I was lucky enough to kind of hit the
hit the jackpot with the all-star game and have a lot of other things I could do but
it's been easy I I just kind of hung out with the kids for a few years I just started my own podcast
dropping the gloves with John Scott so we're kind of just getting that up and running trying to
mirror what you guys are doing.
But you know what?
I don't know.
It hasn't been that difficult.
And I hate to, I don't know, sound cocky about it,
but I thought it would be harder, honestly.
So I don't miss the grind.
I miss the boys in the locker room, but that's honestly about it.
Well, I guess now that I think about that question,
because when you have 17 kids like how
are you even gonna like not just do anything but raise them so i understand that that it's probably
been nice for you well my wife's happy she's the real reason i retired after the all-star game
she's like okay that's it you're done you've had your moment time time to be home i was like all
right you win i'm staying home well you mentioned your podcast podcast. I know recently you had one where you tweeted out
that you were going to be just unloading all your Tortorella stories.
Now, to pump up your podcast,
for those of you who haven't heard it or listened to it,
can you maybe give us a few of those Tort stories to tee them up
to maybe go listen to that episode and backtrack
and get familiar with your podcast?
Yeah, he was a big topic obviously in this
playoffs and he's a very polarizing personality and i i went in there i got traded at the deadline
from chicago to the rangers and i showed up and legit i walked into the rink and i was i was the
first guy there because i wanted to be there early get you know new equipment gloves pants whatever
and and i show up and he looks at me he goes what like what
are you doing here I was like I just got traded for like a fifth rounder yesterday I'm here I'm
like I'm the new guy and he's like I had no I had no idea you were going to be on the team
and I was like well okay and he's like I don't know where I'm going to use you or what what's
going to happen but hey like I guess grab some gear and we'll see how it goes and that was my first like verbatim my first conversation with him was like
what are you doing here I don't know how I'm going to use you what's happening I was like oh great
this will this will be great that's the confidence I needed coming in. Right. It was so bizarre. And then after that, we  so in the playoffs, you guys know,
well, Biz knows that there's  the Black Aces come up
and the Healthy Scratches skate with the Black Aces.
But you still are around the team.
So it was the second round.
You know, we were humming along.
We were playing Washington.
And I was skating with the team,
and then I would get the bag skating with the Black Aces.
So after one video meeting meeting after the meeting the whole team's sitting there like they turn the
lights on he goes John you're gonna um go dress with the black aces I don't want you around the
team anymore and I like and it kind of caught me off guard and I was like what the f is going on
here and he's like excuse me do you have a problem with that and i was like yeah i i have a big
problem with that and this is front of everybody like longfist and gabrick and callahan they're
all there i'm like yeah i think that's you know bs and he's like well come to my office and me
and him had a like an fu match for a solid five minutes until cooler heads prevailed and i was
like all right like you win like it's your team whatever but oh i was just i didn't like how he
went about his business yeah i mean i mean, you played a few years.
Like, you'd established yourself as one of the tougher guys in the league.
You know, it's not like you were just some rookie coming in.
And, yeah, you kind of felt like he pigeon-tossed you a little bit.
And especially to do it in front of a group like that.
Like, hey, you're not on the team anymore.
You're skating with the Black Aces.
Were you more upset about the way you handled it or the fact that it was
happening or maybe both?
No, you nailed it. In front of the team, if he would have pulled me aside and said hey man like we want you to get some more work in this and that go go but he like he kicked me out of
the locker room too so i had to go dress in like the the referees room like i wasn't even allowed
to dress with the guys anymore it was so bizarre me and matt zuccarello had to go it was so weird and um yeah just the
whole way he went about it he's a great coach like i think he's great but i just didn't like that i
don't know rubbed me the wrong way that why you only did it for six games did you think you just
said get this guy out of here i don't need him like behind your back they no they offered me
to sign the next year because slats likes tough teams. He wanted the toughest guy. I just didn't
want to play with him again. I was like,
that's enough. I'm going to move on from here.
What are you
going to do? You played in quite a few
places. Where was your favorite place to
play?
Oh, man. It's funny. If you're looking at
just strictly fans
and atmosphere, I
think either the Wild or San Jose were tops
just because the fans in both of those spots,
they're so into it when the game's going on.
And Chicago's good too.
But yeah, those two cities were pretty intense
with their fandom.
John, I want to dial back to the beginning of your career.
You did four years at good old Michigan Tech,
undrafted free agent before signing with
the houston arrows now this is what i'm always curious about with guys like yourself you played
four years in a league that doesn't allow fighting though you had some healthy pym numbers then you
go to a league where it's it's prevalent all over the place the ahl what kind of adjustment is that
for you and how do you make it going from really not fighting at all to becoming you know an enforcer
in a minor league for a minor league team well like, like I, like I didn't fight in college, but I don't know.
I grew up in Canada and we would like go out to the bars and every weekend you
would get challenged.
And so it wasn't like I was a choir boy where I wouldn't fight.
I just wouldn't fight in college. So it's not like I was this guy.
Oh my gosh, don't punch me. Don't like, I'm so scared.
Like I knew how to handle myself and it was just one of those things you step into the ahl and it's either you sink or swim
and biz knows he's been around and either you get beat up the first few weeks and you're out
of the game or you you handle yourself and you you stick around and luckily i i managed to hold
my own for the first few weeks and get used to fighting like big big dudes and I stuck around
so right away right away you knew and your willingness was there you're like I'm here for
for not one reason but I'm here to be an enforcer and you were okay embracing that role right off
the hop no not an enforcer no I was the d-man I was a stay-at-home guy would play 15 20 minutes
I think the enforcer role came when I hit the NHL, when I got transitioned to a forward.
I didn't really embrace fighting until I was a couple years into my NHL career.
Wow, interesting. I didn't know that.
So the year you spent in the North American League,
the Iron League with the Chicago Freeze,
I mean, 240 pims, I'm assuming you were fighting a decent amount that year?
Yeah, yeah, we fought all the time.
I probably fought 10-15 times
in that league.
It's a completely different animal than
the WHL, the OHL. The guys
I was fighting were business guys.
They weren't tough, tough
guys. Suck on that, Biz.
Oh, sorry. I keep
forgetting. This is your keep forgetting this is your show
well we did that sports net thing he would he would have some of the best like just like
undercover chirps where i'm like you motherfucker hey so all right so that year ends and was there
any thought of going to the the whl ohl whatever it may have been i know you're from from edmonton
right but i mean like
were you thinking all right well i can continue to fight play major junior i can go to college
where i won't be able to like how did that whole thing come about getting to michigan tech yeah i
actually had a trial i got drafted by the st mike's majors and i had a trial with them and i
i thought i got cut but then my dad told me like 10 years later and he said you actually made that team but the
coach came and talked to me and said they were gonna you know use you on their tier two team
they weren't sure where you would fit in he actually told the coach like John's leaving sorry
and so I I made the team but I just thought I got cut so that was my only opportunity for the OHL
and I just got a scholarship offer only one to Michigan Tech a 50 percent ride and I jumped at
it that was it because I didn't have any future in hockey that's what I was thinking I thought
great I'll get a degree and that that's a bonus like I didn't think that was even possible when
I was playing growing up well people want it we actually asked on Twitter's questions for for you
and and a lot of people want to know about your engineering degree yeah what do they want
to know well like how you how was it yeah you know i mean a lot of people are probably surprised
you actually have a brain in there yeah no i it's a mechanical engineering degree uh i think
i took seven years to finish because it's typically a five-year degree, but I left after four to go play pro.
And I went back in the summers for a few years and got it.
And I haven't used it yet, but I don't know.
Hopefully I'll use it one day down the road.
What would you even do for that?
Like build a car?
I could build a car.
I could build a house.
I could build a bridge.
It's a very universal degree where it kind of fits in with every aspect of building things.
So I don't know. I got my degree so long ago, I'd have to be retrained and tied up.
Yeah.
You can build a relationship with Phil Kessel.
I love Phil. I've been trying to get him on my podcast forever and he's just been icing me.
But I don't know why.
You think
he's still heartbroken over that whole
incident with Buffalo and Toronto?
We need the entire story.
We need what he was saying to you prior.
I've never heard.
He wasn't saying anything. It was his coach
who was saying everything.
He was an innocent bystander.
He got caught between me and Randy Carlisle going at each other.
Randy kind of threw him to the wolves there.
That's what happened.
Did you ever have anyone swing their stick at you quite like that before,
like the way Phil did?
In the AHL, I had a few times where I was going after guys,
and they, yeah, would swing their sticks like that.
So Phil's  yeah, yeah that was not I am glad
he did that because Brendan Shanahan told me he said if you would have grabbed Phil I would have
teed you up for at least 10 so because you didn't grab him you got off without getting a suspension
so I should thank Phil for not getting me suspended I think Clarkson ended up coming off the bench and
getting 10 games and that was before his career with the Toronto Maple Leafs had even started.
But one fan asked us a question about the, the ax swing by Kessel and its scale of mosquito bite to gunshot wound.
How hard did Kessel's ax swing feel on the old leg?
It was almost,
have you ever been hit with a belt when you were growing up,
your mom's belt or a wooden spoon?
It was like that.
That was not the worst.
No, it stung for like five, and I didn't feel it at the time,
but when I got in the locker room and the
juices kind of died down, I was like,
whoa, what's going on with my leg?
There was like a welt on my leg.
Who was your first... He got me good.
Who was your first pro scrap with,
John?
It was DJ King.
Oh, bowling ball hands.
Oh, my gosh.
That was my first fight.
Before the game, all the tough guys on my team said,
do not touch DJ King.
He was like the heavyweight in the AHL.
And sure enough, we got tangled up in front of the net,
and he asked me to go, and I was like, all right, it's time. It was like my third or fourth game in the A and I said, now's
the time. And we just went at it.
And he caught me with a few good ones.
Yeah, it was a good fight. Did you win?
I think
I won just because I survived and DJ
probably thinks he won, but I
think it was a draw. We'll call it a draw.
Funny DJ King story.
A guy on our team in Wilkes-Barre, Mike Scrooge, tough bastard.
I know Mike Scrooge.
He was an insane guy.
But we were in Worcester, and we were playing Worcester the next night,
and we were in the elevator.
And I think it was me, I remember Colby Armstrong and Mike Scrooge.
And I was like, who on the team tomorrow night you think you'll fight, Scrooge?
He's like, I don't even think anyone over
there will fight me and the kid
Armstrong was like oh that
DJ King's tough he's like young but
he's come from the WHO and Scrooge
is like oh okay whatever so sure shit
they square off and the kid hit him with
one I don't know if it broke his orbital but
it definitely like it was one of a
one punch and I was like who is this
guy and he was just a monster so
no surprise there that he was able to catch you with a couple.
Oh, he's tough.
I remember him and Boogie used to battle all the time because I was a mini
when Boogie was there.
He was in St. Louis, and we would, man, they were tough, tough kids.
Hey, guys, real quick, I want to talk to you about Peloton for a second.
If you think cycling classes don't make you work up a sweat,
then you haven't tried Peloton.
The Peloton bike will make you rethink the way you look at cycling classes. It's an immersive,
empowering, hot-pounding cardio experience you have to try to believe. You'll work up a sweat
with world-class instructors riding right by your side. You get real-time motivation and coaching
from a roster of unique styles and personalities. You can keep your workout fresh, change up your
cardio with rides that span a variety
of lengths, difficulty levels, themes, and music genres.
Up to 12 live classes daily and thousands on demand are waiting.
Stay motivated, compete with yourself and everyone else in the live class leaderboard
with real-time performance metrics.
Track your calories, resistance, cadence, output, and heart rate.
Peloton is offering a limited time offer
get 100 off accessories when you purchase the peloton bike and get a great cardio workout at
home go to one peloton.com use the promo code hockey to get started today john i always ask
like asking fighters not who's the toughest guy you fought but was was there ever any real animosity rivalry between you and another guy
where you actually hated their fucking guts,
and maybe even still do to this day?
And if not, who is the toughest guy you ever fought,
if you can't answer the original question?
I don't like Tom Sestito.
Tom Sestito.
He's still playing.
I don't know.
I don't like him.
I have never liked him.
What started all that?
I just don't like how he plays the game.
All through the AHL, I would ask him to fight,
and he'd be like, my hand's broken.
Then he would fight somebody else or this and that,
and he would duck me.
And the one time he did fight me was the time he jumped me from behind
and tried to pull me down and wrestle me down.
He wouldn't, like, square up with me.
And I know he's a tough kid.
I've seen him fight really tough guys, but for some reason,
he just got under my skin one time, and I just don't even like his face.
I think he talks too much, and he's just that one guy who I just don't like.
I've never met him or talked to him in my life.
So he's probably a great guy.
I just don't like him.
Did you and Biz have a fight by any chance?'s probably a great guy i just don't like him did you and
biz have a fight by any chance no maybe we did i don't know i don't think so no i don't know i'm
you're another uh bullet i dodged you colton or and a few other tough guys i never had to fight
dj king either i left fighting when i was in washington matt bradley my first ever fight
or was it my first ever NHL fight in Pittsburgh?
Do you remember that one, Witt, when you were there?
Yeah.
When I ended up K-0ing Matt Bradley?
Yep.
Thankfully, I don't think DJ King was in the lineup then,
or maybe he wasn't even in that organization at the time,
but thank fucking God.
Yeah, he was a tough kid.
I don't think I ever played against you, Biz.
I don't know.
Yeah, you were probably a healthy scratch.
I was out there buzzing.
You're so good. You're so good you're so good
because you played in what seven eight hundred games that must be nice man i had more healthy
scratches at the nhl level than i did games played did you really i know me too oh me too
i played nine nine years i only played 280 games yeah that's that's almost double the amount of time I had. So many bag skates.
Oh, my God.
So many.
Checks are still the same, though, right, Johnny?
I know.
The bank account still got filled.
I wasn't complaining.
Everyone's like, oh, you're a healthy scratch.
I'm like, yeah, man, I get paid to work out every single day,
and I look great.
Like, what do you want me to do?
John, like I mentioned in the intro,
you were the MVP of the 2016 NHL All-Star Game.
It famously concluded with you being carried off on the shoulders of all the NHL superstars who were there.
Was that the highlight of your career, having all your peers who were the best players on the planet
carrying you off the ice on their shoulders?
I think the highlight of my career was my new podcast, Dropping the Gloves with John Scott.
You guys should check it out.
You learned that from Biz.
No, it was a cool way to end my career.
I don't know.
It was one of those moments where the stars aligned and everything was perfect,
and I don't think it could have gone any better.
So, yeah, I'd be silly to say that wasn't the highlight of my career.
It was an unbelievable weekend.
So that year when everything caught fire and voting you in,
what was your initial reaction when you first heard that this was even kind of a thing?
And did you laugh at it?
Were you like, what, are they making fun of me?
I never actually heard what you thought when you originally heard this was all going down.
Yeah, I thought it was a
big joke right away it was funny like oh yeah you're getting a few votes for the all-star game
and it would be like a couple days bad then it would go away that's that's my initial reaction
and once it gained steam i kind of got it was it was just a roller coaster of emotion guys it was
like i was upset i was happy i was sad I was sad. It was so weird.
What are you going to do?
Did you ever say at any point when you're like,
I don't even want them to vote me in?
I might say it or then, when did you decide
I'm going to go with this?
Fuck it.
Hold on, guys.
I got to put on another show.
I didn't know we were going to have a 20-minute conversation.
Hey, put on your All-Star game.
They'll fall right to sleep.
Oh, trust me.
This is only the first hour.
What are you talking about?
Paw Patrol is what they got to put on.
No.
All right.
We're going to watch, guys.
What do you think?
We're talking to Spittin' Chicklets.
Let's get into R.A.'s old VHSes.
Debbie Does Dallas.
Oh, jeez.
You guys are on speaker, by the way.
Oh, shit.
Okay, there we go.
Okay, let's tone it down.
Let's just do some Peter North money shots just to get the confidence.
Oh, man.
No.
Gave a quiet.
All right. But, no, the All-Star gameave a client. All right.
But no, the All-Star game, it was  it was  hold on.
I'm like
Oh, you're good, buddy.
You're good.
Did you hear my oldest daughter?
What'd she say?
Who's Peter North?
She said, who's Peter North and what's a money shot?
I'm like, oh, no.
Oh, my God.
And the biz strikes again.
Jesus Christ.
I'm going to hear from Barstool HR after this one.
Unbelievable.
Let's get him on the Call Her Daddy podcast.
Took it off the speaker.
That was my mistake.
So let's just settle on Paw Patrol.
I heard that's a little more discreet.
We're on Doc McStuffins.
Doc McStuffins, and we're back.
Okay, so what we were talking about, me.
Yeah, we were.
The all-star game and the lead-up.
Actually, I wanted to ask, in case listeners aren't familiar,
Greg Wyshynski, a.k.a. Puck Daddy, he's a writer at ESPN now. He was kind of big behind the push to kind of,
oh, let's jokingly vote for John Scott here.
Then it kind of took on a life of its own.
Was there any point where you preferred maybe Wyshynski
left the whole thing alone and just
never even got it started?
Basically, halfway through it, it was kind of a
the league was getting pissed. Were you like,
why do you even bother with this?
Well, yeah.
Because I was at the tail end
of my career and I didn't know
how many more years I had.
I wanted to squeak out two more
if I could.
This was a huge distraction. As a fourth fourth line guy, you're in the lineup.
The last thing you want to do is rock the boat because you're, you're gone.
Like you could be replaced like that. So I was, I talked to like my agent,
my wife and everybody. I'm like, what should I do?
And all the players and guys and my family, they're like, keep going.
But then you would talk to like i
would talk to my gm of my team weekly and he was he was trying to get me to step away to back up
say i don't want to play like this isn't something i should do pick shane doan or oe oliver eckman
and just let me let me go so it was just such a weird month leading up to it where i was just
getting told 15 different things by 20 different people,
what I should do and what I shouldn't do.
And it was so bizarre.
Essentially, the consensus from the league was like, hey, just like say you're not going.
And then you were kind of like, no, fuck you.
The league was pressuring me to not go.
Yeah, they definitely did not want me to go.
They thought it would embarrass the game.
It wouldn't be good because it was the first year of the three-on-three.
They were really going after speed and skill, and rightfully so.
Like, they didn't know how it was going to turn out,
and they were just, like, doing everything in their power
to try to get me to bow out.
I just felt like it was good for me personally.
Like, who knows what would happen.
Look at how it ended up. So I just said, yeah, do it so sorry guys oh absolutely and it segued you out of your
career where i mean you're you're i don't know if it was like pressure from the wife and just
decided having 20 kids like meet the duggars uh deciding to retire um but i mean christ like now
there might even be a movie from it correct yeah? Yeah, the movie's in the works.
They've been working on it.
It takes so long to do a movie.
The script's done.
They've been talking to actors.
Yeah, the movie thing takes a long time.
I just kind of step away.
Mitch Albom's doing it.
I trust him, so I just let him run with it.
You've done a little acting in your past.
I know when you first got out of the league,
will you be playing yourself in this one, or is there someone who got hired to play you
they that's the hard part is finding someone to play me so now i guess they're talking to
i guess hugh jackman is interested so he's the latest big name but it's hard to nail down these
a-list guys because they're so like i don't know they're busy they don't have to do movies anymore
so it's like they look at the script i think think Lamar Odom would be a good pick.
He's got a lot of free time now.
He's been in the news recently for how many hookers he banged
during the course of his NBA career.
I mean, obviously.
He's actually black.
So that'd be a lot of CGI.
Most of the actors are midgets, so you're in trouble there.
You got to get someone that's a little taller.
Well, yeah.
There's been a few names they've thrown around which I like.
Like Will Arnett I thought would be good.
He's a 6'4 Canadian guy.
He's really funny.
We'll see how it ends up.
I don't know.
I think it will get made.
It's neat.
There will be a movie out there.
I don't know.
Who knows?
So is it technically in development, is it just like awaiting a producer,
director? Like where exactly is it in development right now?
No. Yeah. It's in development. We have the script, we have a producer,
there's financing. They're just trying to get the actors now.
And then once they get the actors,
they'll have a studio behind it and it's all go from there. But yeah,
it's fairly far in the process.
I'm not a huge Hollywood movie guy, but yeah, it's fairly far in the process. I'm not a huge Hollywood movie guy.
But, yeah, from what the people tell me, it's, like, close to being started filming.
So, I don't know.
Nice.
Okay, so in the midst of that season when you got NHL MVP, All-Star Game MVP,
I'm sorry I don't remember.
Were you traded to Montreal after the All-Star game or before?
No, before.
Okay, so then before, and you got put up, you were in Newfoundland, right?
Yes.
So, like, what was your whole situation there?
Did you actually enjoy it because you were there, you were playing,
or were you pissed off to be away from your family?
Like, what was your kind of mindset when that was all going on?
Well, I was upset, right?
I was in the show.
We were winning.
Like, Arizona, we were supposed to finish last and we are I think first or second in Pacific which was unreal and then all of a
sudden I get traded to Montreal that's fine like I'll go play in Montreal the original six great
then I get sent down to St. John's I've never been out east like what is happening my wife's like
gonna have babies you know any day now i was like
you know what all because of the all-star game all because of the all-star game i was like i'm done
and i just i told my wife i'm like let's go let's go home like i'm done with this junk and she like
talked me off the ledge and i went to saint john's and i i showed up and it's actually a great city
for those of you who haven't been there it's like this little quaint town at the end of the end of the earth the people are awesome the weather's terrible
but man like it's it's a fun fun city yeah it's a little depressing but uh because of the weather
but george street rocks that was a lot of the questions i was getting in on the on twitter
was uh how did you enjoy your time on george street where what bars were you hitting up
we would go to green Sleeves a lot.
That was like kind of the player's bar after the game.
We'd grab a meal and have a couple drinks.
But, again, I was a family man expecting twins.
I wasn't rocking out until 3 a.m.
But, you know, it was a good time.
Green Sleeves would be the only one I really went to a bunch.
But I'm not a big partier, Paul.
The puck bunnies in that city are insane.
Like, we would all be on the same hotel room floor,
and we'd go in there on a Thursday,
play Friday, Saturday, and Sunday,
and then we'd just blow the wheels off on Sunday.
Sometimes if we won the first two games of Manchester,
which we usually did there,
we'd blow it up Saturday and Sunday.
But, dude, like, it would be like guys just going from room to room
teeing off on broads.
It was like a
Oh, I bet.
Oh, I bet.
Here's a pick roast.
You're such a stud.
Wow, I believe it.
Well, I mean, not really.
I mean, if you had a hockey bag and skates and you
even if you were healthy scratch, you were getting kills there.
Well, I didn't see
that but i'm sure you left a lot of girls disappointed in saint john's i trust i believe
you yeah they got uh they got those oh you you drive the zamboni yeah sure how are you nice to
meet you i actually didn't see that side of that town i don't know but i wasn't i never you know
got into that crowd sorry you were at the strip club sitting pervert row. That's where you were. Yeah. I was in my room
Skyping my kids goodnight like a
good boy.
Jesus. Just going
back to the all-star situation. I'm guessing
that when they brought your kids up, that really got your blood
boiling. There was the article a few
months back. I'm sorry, shortly after
the game. How pissed off are you when an
unnamed NHL executive
actually said to you, do you think this is something your kids would be proud of? Did you just want to
knock his fucking block off right there or what? Yeah, and I told
him that. I said, you're being a real piece of work, and
we had some choice words, but I think every father
you can say whatever you want about me, that's fine, but anytime you bring up somebody's
kids or their family,
it's like that's a no-fly zone.
That kind of sealed the deal for me.
It's like these guys don't have my best interest at heart.
And, like, I'm going to the game.
That was the final straw that broke the camel's back.
Like, they had offered me all this kind of stuff to not play in the game.
And as soon as they started attacking my family.
What kind of stuff? Like money or vacations and stuff to not play in the game. And as soon as they started attacking my family, they made me ask if money or vacations and stuff
to not play the game.
Get the fuck out of here.
They were going to send you all-inclusives if you backed out.
Yeah, and they were going to be like a share of the winnings
if my team won and this and that.
So I just, yeah.
You stuck to your guns?
What's that? Yeah, yeah, I did. Obviously? You stuck to your guns. What's that?
Yeah, yeah, I did.
I mean, obviously, I went to the game.
So, I mean, would you agree that basically whatever parties it were,
they essentially conspired to punish you by sending you all the way out east?
Would you agree with that statement?
I've always been under the impression, like, if it walks like a duck,
talks like a duck, then, you know, it's a duck.
So, it's just then it's a duck.
It's all too much of a coincidence for it to not have something to do with it.
You're doing a good job of not sounding bitter about it.
You're just calling it how you saw it.
Now, let's switch things to a little bit more positive note.
A lot of people want to know some Jumbo Joe stories because we hear so many things about how he's such a glue guy
in that San Jose locker room, and I'm sure you're rooting for him to win a cup oh you want me okay you're not even gonna okay um yeah jumble i was
there for one year and i played on like five six teams i think and to this day he still text
messages me like consistently just out of the blue like how, how are you doing big? What's going on? We miss you. Like, how's it going?
And just that fact alone just says a lot about his, you know,
character leadership. Like he doesn't have to do that sort of thing.
And I don't know. He's just one of those guys.
He's made like a hundred schmill in his career and he doesn't,
he could be the biggest arrogant guy there is, but he's not.
He's so down to earth. We get on the plane.
He's always got a pint of Guinness in front of him. He's playing cards with the boys. but he's not he's so down to earth we get on the plane he's always
got a pint of guinness in front of him he's playing cards with the boys like he's just
an awesome awesome guy and i don't know i don't know how else to say he's just a guy you would
want to hang out with all the time he's just a cool cool guy another teammate i wanted to mention
that actually way back when houston was uh anton hudobin he's been known as one of the true
characters of the nhl dobby yeah what kind of wacky Dobby experiences did you have
he uh he's he's your your typical Russian where he likes uh fancy cars and he's just got one of
those eccentric uh personnel I remember he tried to sell me his nissan marano i didn't have a car
when i got to houston and he tried to sell it to me for like 40 grand i'm like goby he bought it
for like yeah i could get one of these for 15 grand he's like no man no this thing's souped up
40 grand you'll love it i'm like what are you talking about man no way but he's a good kid i
never thought he would have this kind of success. Like, he's done well for himself.
I did not see that at all because he was just this little chubby kid in Houston
who didn't really take care of himself or really work out at all.
But, man, he's done well for himself.
Who's probably the closest teammate you've ever played with
that you still keep in touch with?
Is there, like, one guy that you were, like, best friends with
and still remain to this day?
Yeah, me and Brian Bickle were pretty close playing.
We played together for two years and me and him still,
we're still pretty, pretty close together.
I see him, I don't know, two or three times a year, but it's hard, you know,
when you, when you don't live in a city where the players are,
it's hard to stay in touch with guys.
I don't live in Toronto.
I don't live in Canada.
I live in a small town in Michigan where there's no NHL guys. So Bix, I stay in touch with Burnsy and Jumbo are two other guys. I don't live in Toronto. I don't live in Canada. I live in a small town in Michigan where there's no NHL guys. So Bix, I stay in touch with. Burnsy and Jumbo are two other guys I kind of stay
in touch with. But other than that, I've kind of just pulled back. If I go to a city, I'll reach
out to some guys like me and you, Paul. I think we're starting something, hopefully. But other
than that, not many. How is Bix doing since his diagnosis?
Really good.
Yeah, he's on a great kind of medication cocktail.
He's doing good.
I think everything's kind of slowed down, the progression of the disease,
and he's doing really well.
I see him a few times a year, like I said, and it's promising
because that is such a scary disease.
And, man, he's taking it well his
wife's really helping him out his kids are are there a little motivation for him but
yeah he's doing good that's good to hear i got one more for you and regardless of what the internet
says or what websites say what would you say is your overall career winning percentage in fighting
including all leagues um and i'm not trying to be cocky or anything but i think i've only really lost two
fights in my whole career um i lost to colton or and justin johnson decisively every other fight
was either a win or a draw so 95 percent do you know the percentage do you know the backstory to
the to johnson's first game by, about the night before in Buffalo?
No.
Okay.
We're going to have to get him on. I don't want to tell the story for him.
I don't know if it would get him in trouble,
but we're going to have to get him on.
But it was very interesting, and, of course, he went out there,
and I believe it was his first NHL game.
And what, he snuck a lucky one in on you?
And you were pretty cool about it afterward.
You were kind of laughing, and you pat him on the ass.
Yeah, I didn't know he was
a lefty. Then all of a sudden,
see you later, lights out.
He caught me with a good one.
Do you have some involvement with the
Beauty League in Minnesota? Keith Ballard
was telling me about that because we're hoping to get
up there a little bit this year and hopefully
we could run into you there. What are you going to be
doing with them?
Guys, that's dropping the gloves with John Scott
territory. I would appreciate it
if you stay out of that.
We can
collab. Trust me.
We'll collab.
No.
It all
run through that agency, Octagon.
They were my agents.
We would do camps every summer.
There would be like 20 25 nhl guys and after i retired they wanted to kind of set not profit from it but we
get all these fans every week watching us play and they thought well why don't we start like
selling tickets five bucks a pop and we'll donate all the money to charity but we need a somebody
to call this we can't just you know have them come in and watch
a scrimmage so they they threw around some names and they called it the beauty league and they used
me as the the logo so i'm the commissioner i kind of a hand very hands-off commissioner but yeah i
was uh the one i guess you could say who helped start it but it was all the agency who did it all
i got one final one and i i usually like to do at the end of interview keep it open open format
one of your best hockey stories something that we haven't talked about yet anything that you
could think of off the top of your head that you you'd like to share and and kind of give a look
into once again what your podcast could bring to the table well I keep a look my my podcast is a little more uh gpg rated so peter north uh discussion no peter north references or
nor no um um what did you call it in st john's the pig roast yeah no there's none of that i
think that's the first time i've ever heard that term but uh no my podcast is super chill i just
kind of shoot shoot the breeze it's not like this. You guys are pros.
I just, you know, I'm striving to be as good as you.
Well, do you not have another good torch story or something
or one hockey story that you could bring to put a cherry on top of this interview?
I guess the funny one, when I first got called up,
and, Vids, you can
Wits, did you ever healthy scratch or were you just the start of your whole career?
No, I was  at the end, there was many healthy scratches in there.
Many.
So when a star gets hurt, they skate with the healthy scratches.
And I was skating.
It was my first year in the league.
So I was skating with Owen Nolan.
He was coming back from an injury.
And we were just doing this drill where he was trying to work on taking passes
on his backhand because he'd been out for a couple weeks and he's like all right just you know come around the circle
hit me i'm going to cut through the middle hit me on the backhand and i like first pass in a skate
second pass behind him third pass missed him missed him far fourth pass like in a skates again
and finally after like three or four like three or four more i'm like oh and like do you want it
where do you want it and i'm super nervous i'm like this 22 year old kid and he looks right
in the eye and he goes i will just on my fucking tape kid i'm like oh my god i'm like oh no one's
gonna get me out of the league so bad and like it was an opportunity for him to be like don't worry
about it you're doing fine but he's like just put it on my tape like let's just get this done kid
and i thought i was gonna cut that day and i was like oh my gosh welcome to the nhl i heard he was a grumpy guy on with nolan
oh he was me we got along pretty well but yeah he was a grump there was a rule like
on the on the plane you gotta wear a dress shirt dress pants you know standard he shows up first
game in uh the canadian tuxedo, cowboy shirt and jeans.
And Jacques Lemaire goes, Owen, you got to wear dress pants.
He's like, no, no, I'm wearing jeans.
He wore jeans all the time on the plane.
It was so great.
Oh, I love those old school guys that tell the fucking GMs and coaches
to go fuck themselves.
Yeah, he's like, no, I wear jeans on off days, man.
If it's a game day, I'll wear a suit, but I'm wearing jeans's like you can do that like no you can't so i'm going back those college
dummies how many of those college dummies did you actually dummy i mean i can't imagine being
in college and going up to a 6-8 hockey player and fucking challenging them did that was that
like a weekend thing a weekly thing and how often did you have to ko dudes um in college i only a few
times it was in the summer when i would go home i'd go back to st catherine's and you know it was
just 2 2 a.m let's pick the biggest guy and i didn't look that tough like i was 6 8 but i probably
weighed 215 like i was very very lanky like let's pick John and try to beat him up and end our night right. But that's all it was, 2 a.m.
Johnny, I used to get in Donny Brooks at that Arizona's.
Do you remember that by Brock Golf Land?
I remember Arizona's.
I used to work down in Portaluzia at my cottage and Port Mansion
and all those places.
Hey, so quick story for you.
So this is about probably 7 to 10 days before one of our Pittsburgh Penguins summer camps.
And I'd already been in a little bit of hot water with the organization.
And we were in Port Dalhousie.
And me and my buddy, I think it was Mike Romano,
we were just having one of those pitas that they sell off to the side.
I got to one of the street meat places.
And this one kid comes around the corner with a group of people and just starts lipping off to everyone.
And I go, dude, shut the fuck up or I'm going to cave your face in.
And I'm just eating my pita, minding my own business,
but he was just being an arrogant asshole.
He goes, oh, fucking kill you.
I stand up.
I fucking one-punched the guy, knocked out his front row.
I cut my hand on his teeth.
I end up getting, like, cuffs put on me,
throwing him in the back of the cruiser.
Luckily, my buddy Mike Romano knew who the cop was.
The guy ended up finally coming too because he was out cold,
and he kind of like stumbled away.
He was just pissed off, didn't want to press charges.
Thank fucking God.
Well, I ended up going home.
I had a bottle of Captain Morgan's in my kitchen,
and I thought any type of alcohol could clean a cut.
So I pour Captain Morgan's on this cut. I wake up the next day, man, my hand looked like a football.
I had to go wait in line. It's obviously Canada. It takes forever, like 12 hours. Finally,
I get in to see someone. They're like, dude, you're going to, your hand's completely infected.
Why don't you tell anyone? This is like going to, I had to drive to St. Catharines because I was at the Welland Hospital, drive to St. Catharines and get this is like gonna i had to drive to saint catherine's because i was at the welland hospital drive to saint catherine's and get like
emergency uh like they had to open it up and clean it all out i was in the hospital for like
for like five or six days lost 10 pounds and then i had to go off to that pittsburgh rookie camp
which i had to go like make amends basically to like show them i'm you know a capable professional
now and i'm not fucking around getting in bar fights because I've gotten a busted one
for going in a bar fight the year before
in Wilkes-Barre.
Those St. Catharines
and Thorold bars are very dangerous.
I know.
Well, it sounds like you learned your lesson. That's
good.
I've really calmed down in the years since.
And I learned that you can't
clean out cut wounds with the Captain Morgans.
That cannot help.
No, the clear liquor is the only ones you can use.
Well, there you go.
Hey, buddy, we just want to thank you for joining us.
All right, boys.
Thank you very much.
Appreciate it, guys.
Had a blast.
Everyone check out, what is it?
Drop the Gloves, John Scott podcast.
There we go.
That interview was also brought to you by Roman.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer.
You might try to name every Stanley Cup winner for the last 50 years
or how many teams Hank Aaron played for or whatever.
Might not always work, though.
That's why the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex. Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed. They're effective, easy to use,
fast-acting, and doctor-recommended, and they don't require a prescription. Roman can ship
swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging, and each swipes packet is small enough to hide
in your wallet for whenever you need it. Swipes are great. They will not transfer to your partner, so you can last longer without worrying.
They're super easy to use as well.
Just take the swipes out of the packet, apply, let it dry, and you're good to go.
That's it.
Okay?
Keep Roman Swipes in your back pocket for longer, better sex,
and get yours fast with free two-day shipping by visiting GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets. That's getroman.com slash chicklets.
Huge thank you to John Scott.
Had a blast with him working for Sportsnet.
Very intelligent guy.
Very subtle humor, and he likes to throw those jabs,
and sometimes you miss them, sometimes you don't.
But, well, I do anyway if I write it over my head.
So thank you to him for coming on.
And once again, check out his podcast.
You know, not as vulgar as ours, but, hey,
some people are down for not listening to swearing and fucking nerds.
Just kidding, Scott.
Just kidding.
I got you back for the quick chirp off the start of that interview.
But now we're going to dive into the other series,
which has been getting interesting
absolutely yeah let's just go back to game four friday in st louis the blues were able to put the
hand-pass disaster of game three behind them and hang on for a huge two-to-one win to not the series
at two this was again friday jordan bittinson was lights out stopped 29 of 30 shots i think getting
the early lead was huge for st louis in that game. 35 seconds in, Babashev scored.
Bozak doubles the lead before the end of the period.
Thomas Hurdle clenched a few Midwest cornholes when he got the
Sharks within one with about seven minutes left in the third,
but the Blues were able to keep Logan Couture from doing some more
magic.
A lot of the Blues gave credit to head coach Craig Berube and how
he immediately set the tone after the game of if it's over,
you know,
in regards to the hand pass, he said, it's over, move on.
Let's get the next one.
He didn't want anybody to rely on that for any excuses and none of that.
And that's exactly what they did.
They went out and one tied it up and then game five today.
Wow.
I mean, I saw bits and pieces.
I was traveling to do a TV appearance, which I'll pimp a little later.
Oh, not a big deal.
Holy fuck.
Holy fuck.
Big dog. Next thing you know, you'll be married to little later in the show. Oh, not a big deal. Holy fuck, dude. Holy fuck, big dog.
Next thing you know, you're going to be marrying Giselle's sister.
Does she have a sister?
We'll find out.
I'll look it up on Google.
Yeah, game five today, man.
St. Louis fucking buried them 5-0.
Biz, do you think they have total control of this series,
or do you think the Sharks are just going to burn this tape and move on?
Okay, so sign of a good team. bounce back performance in game four i was very concerned after the way it all went down after game three players are breaking their sticks even binnington
who doesn't show a lot of emotion well at least not at the nhl level, was snapping. And I was like, fuck, he let in five.
Is this going to be the straw that broke the camel's back?
Are you going to lose Bennington?
Is he going to start letting in some softies?
No.
Unbelievable bounce back performance by him.
Another interesting stat for you guys.
It has been since March of 2018,
since the San Jose Sharks have lost the game
when only giving up two goals.
Over a fucking year's time.
And I was a little nervous down the stretch
because they were in complete control.
St. Louis had taken a few bad penalties.
One was a bad call on Pietrangelo there.
I think one was a puck over the glass penalty as well.
And I thought the wheels were going to come off.
I'm like,
Oh my God,
San Jose is going to tie this.
Cause I mean,
history tells me that they fucking win games and they only give up two goals
against sure enough.
Bennington shuts the door,
a great gutsy win by them.
And then,
I mean,
to,
to follow it up,
to go in,
into San Jose and just fucking
it's almost like that hand-pass goal really pissed them off, you know,
and it gave them energy.
What was said by Berube after the game?
He just walked in the room.
He said, boys, fuck them.
Let's shove it up their ass.
We know what the right call was, and that's it.
He said basically sometimes  some games he comes in after,
other games he doesn't. This one he came in sooner than he normally would. He said basically sometimes some games he comes in after, other games he doesn't.
This one he came in sooner than he normally would have
and said basically, listen, it's over.
Move on and let's win the next one.
It was very simple, very direct, and like I said, it worked.
These guys really took the message to heart.
And, you know, Binnington, unreal.
In games following a loss in regulation in playoffs,
11-2 with the 1-8-1 GAA and a 9-3-6-8 percentage.
Game four of the Blues, that might have been one of the easiest bets
of the playoffs, even though it was only a 2-1 win.
But you had to be on them the other night.
Did you have them, Witts?
I did.
Sorry, go ahead, Biz.
Well, Noah, I was going to ask Witt.
You mentioned Steen.
I think it was last podcast.
And how well respected he is throughout the league.
Talk about a guy who's been demoted.
Over time, he's been like a top six guy, maybe top nine at worst.
Gets put to the fourth line.
That fourth line is doing absolute work.
They're doing damage in this series.
I had it written down, Biz.
It was unreal to see that you see Steen playing on the fourth line.
This is a guy who was dominant for a couple
years. He also, I would
guarantee, not
say one word and not show
any sort of poutiness
or any sort of disappointment.
He would be the ultimate. I guarantee
it's been that way. What does he
do? He probably looked at it like a
true professional does
and say, all right i'm gonna make
the fourth line the best fourth line going and that's what they've looked like especially in
this series so you got oscar sunquist you got steen and then you got this ivan barbachev who
can like he's an interesting player because you watch him sometimes i don't know if like
his skill level's super high but he's physical He can skate. He gets in on the forecheck, wins a bunch of battles.
So all of a sudden they got this fourth line that is really centered around Steen,
who knows exactly how to play to win playoff games.
He's still good offensively.
He's just lost a little bit of a step.
He's probably 35, maybe 36.
So you lose a little bit of your quickness, but he's still that same sniper.
I mean, you've seen him score goals this playoffs, unreal shot.
So to have him on your fourth line
and have the other three lines producing,
that means you have crazy depth,
and that's what's really set the Blues apart from the Sharks
in the last two games, I think.
Absolutely.
Those guys are lighting it up.
We, of course, have to mention Schwartz.
He ends up having a second hat trick of the playoffs.
R.A., were you going to take that one?
Quite all right. I'll follow up with whatever you say.
Quite all right.
Well, I mean, it's been 11 years since a player's had two hat tricks in playoffs.
I'm sure you had that written down.
All of us are prepared today. I love this.
The mule, right? Johan Franzen. He was the mule, right?
Yep.
Yeah.
2008, yeah, like you said,
Biz the last guy to get two hat tricks in the postseason.
Yeah, today was definitely the Jordan and Jaden show,
no doubt about it.
He's leading the Blues 12 goals, four assists, 16 points,
leads the team in scoring as well.
He's been putting on an unreal fucking performance so far.
But, yeah, boys, I mean, we got Tuesday night, St. Louis.
They were down with two games to  what was it?
I know they were down three to two.
They were down  which series were they down earlier?
I'm reading it right.
The Blues battled back from down three-two to winning seven,
and now they battle back from a two-to-one deficit to give themselves
Are you talking about Dallas?
Yeah, talking about Dallas.
Sorry about that.
They battled back already from being on the ropes,
and then they were down two- 2-1 in this series.
Now they've got a 3-2 lead, a chance to close out San Jose
and give us a rematch of the 1970 Stanley Cup.
Whit, I don't know if you caught this in today's game.
Towards the end, obviously there were maybe a few missed calls on some Blues.
People wanted some majors.
Hurdle got hit high.
And then at the end of the game uh san jose's haley
ended up getting a little bit chippy went after peter angelo and and then um evander kane ends
up giving binnington a shove in the back and then two-handed uh i think it was edmondson so things
are getting chippy um another thing we have to mention is the fact that san jose is getting a
little banged up pavelski ended up going to the locker room.
I believe Donskoy went to the locker room. So since game three, man,
the tide has really shifted.
And we had, you know, Carlson being the major factor here,
was he going to be able to play? Was he going to be able to go?
Well, he went and you could tell right away, right away that he just,
he's hurt.
And so he's trying to get back on a loose puck.
He can't really skate.
You can see him wincing.
He's trying to stretch things out.
You could noticeably tell he was not the same player that he is
when he's healthy.
And he was kind of hurting the team.
So he played seven and a half minutes in the first.
In the second period, I think he played about three minutes.
Did he even play in the third?
I don't even think he came back out. I't have that wrong so either way no i don't think
he came back out probably because the significance of of game six now yeah going on the road and it
was it was pretty much out of uh out of reach and tarasenko unless you're given a five minute major
or yeah unless you're given a gift from god and then Thornton tells you to go get three, and you do, and then you win,
and the refs don't work again in the playoffs.
So Tarasenko is the only player in the series to have a point in every game.
He's been dominant.
First of all, the penalty shot goal was filth.
It was just a straight-up snipe just under the bar.
No chance for Martin Jones.
What was just as impressive, or if not more,
was on the breakaway where he got hauled down by Burns.
He popped back up and gave himself a chance to score.
It was incredible how athletic he is.
He's such a tank.
People don't even know he's 200 bits.
He's like 230, right?
Oh, he's a beast.
Okay, so his last name is Tarasenko.
You would assume that Tank would be his nickname.
He hates that nickname.
I called him Tank when I was there on the PTO.
I thought fucking Doug Armstrong was going to call me
and take my per diem pack back and send me away.
Do not call him Tank.
He doesn't like that.
I think he thinks you're calling him fat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But he is a fucking tank.
So another player that's looked really good is David Perron,
and it's funny.
You guys know my boy that helps me out with stats, right?
Well, he wrote me a message because we were talking about how Perron
has been with St. Louis three different times, I think it is.
Right.
So first we got a tweet, Biz, I think we were both on it,
that mentioned he's actually signed four NHL contracts
and every one has been with the Blues.
Correct.
Also being on, like, I mean, I don't know how many other teams.
So Brendan Crossman, thanks again for the tweet.
You're my man.
He says, hey, Whit, listen here.
Check this out.
David Perron is the 36th player in NHL history to have three stints with the same franchise.
A few of the notables, Daryl Sador with Dallas, Mark Reckie with Pittsburgh, Luke Robitaille with L.A., Wendell Clark with Toronto.
Some goalies that did it were Boucher with Philadelphia, who's unreal on TV, by the way.
The guy's phenomenal in between the badges.
Ridiculously good.
He had great hair, too.
Him and Sharpie are like the few.
Well, I guess Boucher's not really new,
but I think he's getting more recognition now.
Yeah, because now he's doing, I think, like the games.
I think before he was doing the intermission the way Sharpie is now, he kind of moved on.
But either way, so only one guy in NHL history has had four stints with the same franchise
Marty Burke for the Montreal Canadiens in the 20s and 30s while also on the side owning a
packie and working on the corner and playing for the Canucks so Marty Burke in the 20s is the only
man to ever do it so I thought that was interesting interesting, a little stack guy, playoff style.
Now, there was a lot less teams back then, so it was more likely.
The fact that Perron's done three in a 30-team league.
What is it, 31 now?
31, yeah.
Until the Seattle Crankins, Seattle Schwarmers, Seattle.
What are the other names?
Stop, stop, stop.
No, let's list them all off.
What are you talking about? Stop, stop, stop. No, let's list them all off. What are you talking about?
Don't forget the odds. Anything else in that series going into Game 6 besides
that place is going to be
rocking. It's not Scotch
Trade Center. Is it like Enterprise Center
now in St. Louis? You guys know?
I think it might be. I'll say
this.
I have no skin in the game.
I picked St. Louis to win because I thought they were the better team going in
and they're just playing a lot better.
They deserve to win this series up until this point.
They look like a good team, and I'm very excited if, in fact, they pull it out.
And I'd like to see them pull it out in six
so they can get a little rest as well just like Boston.
That way we get a fresh Stanley Cup playoff.
But I think that's going to be a mighty Stanley Cup finals, boys.
That's going to be a battle royale.
Hashtag ask a millennial.
Deserves getting nothing to do with it.
Clint Eastwood something?
Yep.
I got that based on your imitation.
I sensed Eastwood from you, so good job.
That's why you got to be the cook in the town.
And as I mentioned,
we're not counting San Jose out of this.
But last thing regarding that series after that hand pass,
which remember it happened in the midst of us recording.
I thought initially it was an offside.
Clearly another example of why video review is so important.
Fuck.
They could even do away with the offside review and just do majors and,
and, and shit like that.
Like, every goal should probably be reviewed quickly.
Anyway, the Marty Mush Law  Order spoof video. I don't know if some of you follow Barstool.
I haven't seen it.
But this guy bet on, like, three games that that ref specifically
fucked him over, and he does a funny little Law  Order spoof.
There's a name for it he calls it fraud in order because yeah fraud in order fraud yeah and he had
a funny video and uh young page uses in it because he's a st louis fan and he's the one who brings
up the topic of conversation and uh he missed the cross check that ryan reeves gave to the
washington capitals player where he ended up opening up Ryan Reeves gave to the Washington Capitals player
where he ended up opening up and one-touching it
to the back of the net.
And then in another game that he bet,
the puck ended up hitting his skate
and popping out right in the slot area
and a guy just buried it.
So Marty Mush has been bent over by that referee.
I feel bad for his family
because he exposed the guy's name too,
so he's probably getting anthrax sent to his place.
So we didn't really get to go into it too much,
but do you guys agree that there's 100 going to be a rule change
as far as video review is concerned moving forward?
I think there has to be.
I think this playoff has made it where there's no question.
Yeah, every overtime playoff goal.
And it makes you wonder why they didn't have the foresight to do it in the first place i mean it wasn't like you didn't
have to be that fucking deep of a thinker to get to it i heard a very interesting thing on the radio
the other day i don't remember who said it um but you continually change the rules right and and
we're we're like on board here they got to do the review of the majors and all this.
Yes.
Okay.
But for some reason, every time we do it, everyone's like,
all right, we're all covered.
And then something else.
Dude, it's sports.
There's always going to be a unique situation.
I know, but really, at some point with replay and stuff,
where else can it end up going here?
I mean, I know stuff will come come but it's just like god like you got to be careful
because all of a sudden it's you're changing everything yeah you open your yourself up for
a little criticism they say that's why baseball stays a little bit more like old school like to
change something in baseball is is it's a boys club they they they usually don't uh
they don't take too kindly to that uh another interesting thing about that hand pass is uh
Jim Hewson uh he joined Tim and Sid uh in Canada and he was talking about uh making a hand pass
legal even outside of the defensive zone which he he said, listen, it sounded a little ridiculous when I read in a tweet,
but then I watched the clip of him explaining it.
I'm still not down.
I think it should happen in the defensive zone
because I don't think it's necessarily a skill play
by you grabbing the puck and essentially tossing it to your teammate.
But I don't know.
If you guys want to go check it out,
Jim Hewson had some interesting comments about it.
You can make your own opinion and,
and or your own assessment from what he said and then have an opinion on it.
Yeah.
I'll check it out.
I had a couple other notes before we move on to the NHL news,
despite all the injuries and,
you know,
he's struggling out there,
Carlson,
he's his 14 assists to lead the playoffs amongst all teams.
The Sharks,
let's see,
they lost two in a row for the first time
since the first round versus uh vegas golden knight so they're gonna look to avoid a three
game losing streak and the last little note i had here oh yeah the uh ivan babashev hit on thomas
hurdle uh i got a quick look at it i didn't i wasn't able to do my usual zap router to see what
happened but it looked like one of those hits biz that didn't have bad intentions but had a bad
result uh i am curious to see if babashev is going to get a suspension again a quick but it looked like one of those hits biz that didn't have bad intentions but had a bad result uh i am curious to see if bob is going to get a suspension again a quick look it
looked like hurdles head might have been the ppoc uh are we looking at a one game sussy farm or what
here i don't know but that's going to shake up that fourth line and then you never know maybe
they're going back to san jose for seven so uh that's a that's a crucial moment a crucial call
and i'm glad i don't have to make it
absolutely all right boys i think that just about up you got one more bis oh i gotta i gotta talk
topic of conversation i'm doing that i got one more a lot today uh that capo caco
oh yeah are the devils are the devils for sure making cues?
I would say right now no way they can for sure say that.
They say they want a playmaker who can play with Hall,
but Hall's got one year left on his deal.
You've got to take the best player.
This kid is at the Worlds lighting it up,
making guys look like they play fucking house league hockey.
How about him stick handling in practice in these other videos too?
I mean, and he looks like a monster.
Is he 6'2"? He's 6'1".
Did you guys see the breakaway he did where he
dropped the stick and picked it up in the
same motion? That doesn't really do it
for me as much because I don't think he would do that.
I stroked it off to that.
His edge work
and some of these goals he's scoring, it's
crazy. Hughes is a good too.
Kane was talking about how impressive it is playing with him it's it's a no lose i mean i
think jersey's making out great either way the team who's happy as hell is the rangers yeah because
it's changed for them whereas like we lost the lottery we lost hughes well now actually maybe
we didn't it's it's one of those things it's like the decision is going to be made uh you know made
for us so it makes it easier yeah no i just thought it was very interesting considering how
good of a world he's had where like the the conversation has to take place i know everyone
had hughes far and above number one overall like almost like the decision already been made
but uh hey the world championship is a lot of good players on the ice, and this isn't just some rinky-dink league.
This isn't the beauty league in the summertime
where John Scott's out there with a fucking chair because he can't skate.
Fuck you, John Scott, for chirping me at the start of that.
John Scott's trying to dummy people, trying to get a skate in in the summer.
No, I can't wait until we do that.
I might have to strap the skates on when we go up there, boys.
First time in a while.
One other note I had in my uh my
memo pad here was uh did you guys watch tennis at all uh i i love tennis i'll watch like a major
or something but i don't watch it regularly so there's like a new school john mackinrow except
uh this guy might even be a little bit more of a loose cannon an Morgan asshole. Isn't he? Way more. Nick Kyrgios, you know the name I'm saying?
I hope I didn't butcher it.
He was at the Italian Open, and he, like,
I don't know if somebody was moving in the midst of his serve,
and he ended up getting broken.
And he, like, chucked a chair on the court.
He ended up getting, like, kicked out of the match,
which, you know, it's a little different in other sports when you're getting aggressive.
That's like a gentleman's sport.
I was doing some more reading up on this guy.
He did an article where they were asking about all the top-end tennis players,
and he was just throwing them all under the bus.
Like, I don't like that guy.
He's a fucking loser.
He walks around like he's the king shit.
Like talking about the  who's  Rafael Nadal. He was talking about Nadal. And  Rafa  yeah, Nadal.
He was talking about Nadal.
And then Djokovic, he was chirping.
I think he was very respectful towards Federer
because I don't think you fuck with Federer.
It's like Lidstrom-ish.
Like, you just don't
Yeah, you just don't.
But if you guys get a chance to check out this guy
listen, I don't care about tennis,
and I don't care about the integrity of tennis.
I want people chucking chairs on the court.
I want a little drama on my TV screen,
like when Vanessa Williams was ripping into whoever she was ripping into.
What's her name?
Oh, Serena.
Isn't that the smoke show half-black?
Yeah, Vanessa Williams.
Yeah, I was going to say Vanessa Williams.
She's the singer-actress, yeah.
Oh, yeah, my bad.
Serena.
Serena.
Whatever.
Fuck you guys.
Johnny Mac was the bad boy of tennis, too, back in the day.
This guy's like the new guy, but he doesn't want one friend on tour.
He just threw the whole tour under the cunkhole in that interview.
Fellas, before we get to some more NHL news here,
I just want to talk to you for a second about liquid IV.
Liquid IV is the fastest, most efficient way to stay hydrated.
Trying to drink more water?
Well, liquid IV hydrates you two to three times faster and more efficiently than water alone with an added bonus
of vitamin C, B3, B5, B6, and B12. And if you're on that spring festival season, staying hydrated
is one of the things you want to do. It's very important to stay hydrated when you're at music
festivals. That's why you want Liquid IV. It's the fastest growing wellness brand. You can find
them everywhere, even Costco.
You can find their hydration multiplier sold at Costco's nationwide. It's non-GMO, vegan,
and free of gluten, dairy, and soy. Got nice clean ingredients. You can provide the same hydration
as drinking two, three bottles of water. It's a nice healthy alternative to traditional sugary
sports drinks, and there are no artificial flavors or preservatives. Liquid IV fuels tough workouts, helps prevent muscle fatigue,
promotes healthy post-workout recovery as well.
And a convenient TSA-friendly powder packets for travel help prevent jet lag
and altitude sickness.
I love Liquid IV and I know you will too.
Right now, our listeners get 25 off at liquidiv.com
when you use our code CHICKLETS at checkout.
That's 25 off anything you order on Liquid IV's website.
So go to liquidiv.com and to the promo code CHICKLETS to get your savings and start getting better hydration.
That's liquidiv.com, promo code CHICKLETS.
Don't wait.
Start properly hydrating today.
And then last thing, the Dallas Stars signed Esa Lindell.
Yeah, biz.
Dallas Stars defenseman Esa Lindell.
He had a real coming out party in this year's playoffs.
He was scheduled to become a restricted free agent on July 1st,
but on Tuesday, the Stars locked up the 24-year-old,
signed him to a six-year, 34.8 million contract to ensure he stays
in Big D for the foreseeable future.
It's an average annual value of 5.8 million.
He led All-Stars D with 26 minutes, 58 seconds per game in their 13 playoff games in the
regular season, had a career-high 32 points, played all 82 games.
This is a kid we talked about frequently during the playoffs. Outstanding defenseman on a team that
had already two guys we were already talking about. Biz, what'd you
take on it? Was he the guy who was diving
all over the place? He did.
Yes, that was that. Yeah, that was probably the
highlight of his playoff, which
overshadowed his play. I didn't
realize how good this kid actually
was. I wasn't watching
a lot of the Stars games, but
man, Dallas has locked up three very solid D
for a while. They got Klingberg. They got Miro Hisken and I'm imagining he's going to get a nice
little ticket. And then of course, Lindell. So there's three of your top four, man. That's going
to be a solid team moving forward. So congratulations to them on locking that guy in long-term.
What would you make of the dive, man? He deserves that money. I mean locking that guy in long-term. What would you, what'd you make of the dive man?
Uh, he deserves that money.
I mean, this guy's a great player.
Um, I think he learned his lesson, but I don't think we're going to see that ever again.
Well, he said he didn't dive, you know, he would never do that.
Yeah.
But at this point, he's probably just like, I'm never going to admit to it.
But Jamie Ben was like, bro, let's be honest.
That can't be, that can't be happening again.
He's like, okay, I promise you.
We're going to give you this contract. We're going to give you this contract.
We're going to give you this contract.
But don't let that thing happen again.
This thing will be voided if you fucking flop around like a fish again, Esa.
And because of, what's his name, Mero Hishkinen,
he's still on his entry-level deal.
That's actually going to be a real good bargain for the Stars.
They're going to have Lindell, Klingberg, and Hishkinen
under contract this year
and next year for less than 11 million.
So, you know, I mean,
Heiskanen's obviously going to get a nice
fucking bump for a couple years, man.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. He's going to get a bump?
Ooh, no. He's going to be up all night.
Oh, boy. All right.
That's the Dell. Yeah, fucking silly
biz. We also had the general manager of the year finalists were announced
since our last show, two Dons and a Doug.
Don Sweeney, Don Waddell, and Doug Armstrong were the three finalists.
Of course, Sweeney reestablished the Bruins as a contender on the fly.
Four years after Chiarelli got canned, they're back in the Stanley Cup final.
Don Waddell made some big trades last summer in Carolina,
took some risks, I'd say.
Hired a new coach in Brindabor.
They brought in two new goalies, and they made the playoffs,
had themselves a nice run.
I know the playoffs don't apply toward the voting.
And Armstrong also made a big, risky summer trade, bringing in O'Reilly.
Hired an interim coach in Berube who, you know, was in Philly
but not completely established, called up Bennington,
and the team went from DOA to WCF.
Who do you like here?
Who do you like here, Witz?
Bozak as well they brought over.
So some really nice additions by St. Louis in order to reload,
especially the way things weren't working out in previous years.
I agree with that.
It was such a big change for St. Louis, right?
It was one guy coming in and trading a lot,
a lot of assets,
players.
And it's just,
it was a,
it was a noticeable difference enough to where they were shit till January.
So I know that sounds like the team struggled a half the year.
So how could he get GM in the year?
Well,
look at what they've done when they finally came together with the group
that he pictured in mind.
So,
so much has been written about him telling them,
listen, it's going to end soon, and I'm trading guys,
and them finally getting it going.
So it's a good story, but that's an award.
I mean, all those guys are deserving.
So either way, someone's going to get it.
That really kind of over the course of the year and last offseason
figured out a way to make their team well, play good.
Yeah, I think I'd probably tend to give the nod to Waddell,
if only because of expectations. I mean, St. Louis, I think people were expecting them to get to the playoffs.
I don't think people expected Carolina to get there and do as well as they did during the season, but
we'll see what happens. One other note, John Davidson, he resigned as president of hockey
operations in Columbus early Friday, and later that day was named as president of the New York
Rangers, a place he's very fond of.
He played there in his career, was an announcer for them.
He's pretty much beloved in New York.
He was with Columbus since October of 2012.
He certainly raised the profile of the team while he was there.
He brought in Yamo Kikolainen, had their first playoff series victory this year.
The Rangers asked Columbus permission to talk to him.
It was granted.
And now he's coming home, so to speak, to run the show in
the ranges. Any takes on this,
boys?
No, man.
I got nothing for you.
President's not...
It's not really a big
earth shaker when these happen. They tend to be
figurehead moves, but
they're not so much the nitty-gritty hockey moves.
Go get them. Yeah. A couple quick notes on the gambling corner.
Now that I'm back to blogging, I can post my picks at night just as I like them,
so you don't have to wait for the show to drop.
And just to let people know, I usually post my picks at the witching hour
because I'm old school.
I go back to when all your bookies were on the phone,
and around here the bookies would open up shop about 6. 6 45 stay a little 7 30 so that's when i always kind of did my my
research my handicapping so if i do like something that night i will be posting it between 6 30 7 30
um if i don't like something i won't post it it's really that simple i did go five and one this week
for a plus 37 50 the units were confusing, so I just put fucking straight up cash
when I was playing on the game. So I had a nice
little week for myself.
You've been hot. NHL, you've
been feeling it already. I love it.
I've been taking your picks.
I can't really tease it because it's already
going to happen, but yeah, I missed a little of the game earlier.
I got called to do a little TV.
My first TV appearance on local
affiliate Fox Channel 25 here in Boston.
They reached out, asked me to come on, talk Bruins, chicklets.
Were you talking a mile a minute?
I think I was pretty well composed.
What time is it on?
It's going to be on 1115 tonight.
All right.
You're going to be pretty.
How was the sweat?
Were you sweating at all?
No, I was fine.
I brought my teddy bear pentagrass rag just in case I had to dab the sweat.
But no, I was fine. You're going to shit your pants when you see me come on. That's all I'm going to say. I brought my Teddy Pendergrass rag just in case I had to dab the sweat. But no, I was fine.
You're going to shit your pants when you see me come on, Wits.
That's all I'm going to say.
I'll leave it at that.
Oh, my God.
Did you get a new suit or something?
Are you not swimming in your pants?
I'll leave it at that.
You'll check it out.
Okay.
Skinny Jean RA hits Manhattan.
No, you'll never see me in a pair of those unless I'm a fucking kid.
Yeah, Portnoy's jeans.
Yeah, those things are tight.
So, Whit, you said you had a couple stories that you wanted to share with us?
No, yeah, I just had a funny weekend.
So I went out.
Some buddies, I want to thank the member at Muirfield,
which is this beautiful course outside of Columbus.
Jack Nicklaus is  it's Jack's place they call it.
He grew up just in an incredible
facility and golf course.
Chad Demartini brought out. There was
eight guys. And then so James
Wisniewski, the big Wisniewski
who I played with. I ran into him in
Scottsdale not too long ago. He wants to
come on. He's a beast. Yeah, he's going to
come on. So we played
two rounds.
We flew in Thursday, played Friday morning, Friday afternoon,
Saturday morning, Saturday afternoon. So he joined and played with us in Saturday afternoon.
I hadn't seen him forever.
Wiz is a stick, all right?
So, like, I mean, he's a very  he's a plus one or plus two handicap.
Very good player.
So we have a match.
We have a bunch of action going on, but we have a match.
We just did a closeout match.
And I was one over through six.
I was down five holes.
He birdied one, two, four, five, seven, nine.
He ended up making seven birdies.
He shot even par, but he made some doubles coming down the stretch
But it was just a complete clinic
By the member at his course
I was like, fuck off Wiz
And he's laughing, so it was a lot of fun
How much did he take off you?
I got it all back, I just kept pressing
And then I won a couple side matches
Then on 18 I pressed him for what he was still up
And I won 18, 18 I went alone in Wolf
Me versus four guys All I did is just pound it up the middle On 18, I pressed him for what he was still up, and I won 18. 18, I went alone in Wolf.
Me versus four guys.
All I did is just pounded up the middle.
We got about 280 bucks a guy on the line, so what could I win there?
I'm a math guy.
300 times four is 1,200 minus 80 bucks, whatever.
Good cash.
I go alone. I stripe it down the fairway, dead center of the fairway.
I flip a little wedge on the green
to put it up there. None of them make par. Win wins again. So it was a great weekend. But the
funniest thing, so that night, and I'm not going to say the kid's name, great kid. I met a lot of
guys that are awesome people down there that live kind of New York City from Philly. Guy lives in Florida. So one of the guys, we decided to play AC Ducey.
And now everyone knows AC Ducey.
We explained on our West Coast wagon tour, this is a dangerous game.
It's a dangerous game.
People who know it also is in between, you know, the card game.
I'm not going to explain the rules.
If you don't get it, you don't get it.
Tough whoop.
Look it up and then listen to the story again.
So we're playing. A couple pots go
by and they're getting pretty decent.
A thousand bucks here or there. A couple
guys hit some posts. Wisniewski
starts dealing.
Every single guy hit the post.
They'd make a bet. Guy'd make a bet for 300.
Hit the post. You owe 600 to the pot.
Adding up, adding up, adding up.
Finally, the pot gets to, I think it was
3,900,
3,800.
This kid gets king two
and he's sitting there thinking,
I have to pot this.
I'm just sitting there.
I'm like, well, it's like
7,800 to the pot
if you lose. If you hit a pot, you never
know. He's like, no, I have to.
King!
Oh, God. King two, dude two dude host the room erupts this dude is pacing back and forth just lost 7800 this is after he's telling
me his preschool bills like 50k a year for his kids so i mean either way 78 you're sending your
kid to preschool for 50k i ain't worried about your 7,800. Come on now. See, that's the thing.
I think that no matter who you are, if that's not a lot of money to you,
you're nuts.
But it was a dangerous game, and then the pot ended up being what?
What was it?
It ended up being 12,000 or right around then after that.
Who won it?
This other kid.
Great guy.
He just didn't even think twice.
I think he also had King, too.
It came to him.
Pot hit it.
So it was good for him.
I wasn't happy.
But still, it was exciting and a good weekend, and that golf course is sick.
The Memorial Tournament's there in a week, so I'm pretty excited to now know the holes when I watch it on TV.
So if he hit the post, he would have lost over 15,000, right?
No, so when the pot was 12,000, if that kid hit the post, he would owe 24,000.
Right.
Oh, my don't.
That's why we talked about the JR story on the Coyotes playing.
These fucking guys were making, what, 8 million, 10 million, no escrow.
These guys, the pot was over 100,000.
And I want to say something.
I forget the story that JR told, but these pots would just get out of control.
And, I mean, we're talking about guys losing it over 7, 7800 could you imagine if it's 100 grand how much you're sweating if you
if you if you get like a like even like a king four like you're fucking probably calling it
yeah i know it's especially and what happens with that game it's the most like once your money's in
you lose a pot or two you're like i'm getting my fucking money back like i'm not so not. So then that, you know, maybe if you hadn't put anything in but your ante,
you're thinking a little differently.
But if you ever have a loss and your cash is in there,
you're coming hard and heavy.
Yeah, double down, baby.
Well, boys, that was a great podcast.
You guys got anything else?
No, that was great.
No, I want to say thank you to Muirfield.
What a place.
Getting ready, Game of Thrones, the final episode coming on in a minute.
So, me and Wits are going to jump on that so we can avoid spoilers.
Sunday.
Sunday.
Dude, I wanted to write  talk about that.
Francis?
You didn't say how
That's great, dude.
Writing stuff, the negative comments, just like
Are people mad?
People are losers, man.
Like, I respect
Listen, you might not be down with Francis' humor.
I think he's funny in most of the stuff he does.
Game of Thrones.
I think it's funny.
He made  the Today Show put him on.
Yeah, but the comments, I assume they're trying to just get on there,
but they're like, dude, there's no way you're that mad.
It's a new trend on social media that people have actually noticed
that people are starting to comment a lot more negative things on posts
because they get more traction, which in turn they get more likes,
and then they think they get follows out of it.
That's stupid.
Francis just had a live show and apparently killed it.
Congratulations to him and another Barstool employee.
And I'll tell you, even from a guy who I did one live show, one live podcast,
I ended up getting my buddy there, Terry Ryan, came out for it.
Buddy, it's nerve-wracking, and it's hard to get up there.
It takes a lot of balls.
And for him to put himself out there constantly like that,
I respect the shit out of that,
and congratulations to him on killing that live show.
Yeah, he's a funny dude.
One other quick note, if you're not watching Chernobyl on HBO,
it's a miniseries.
They've had two parts.
Part three is Monday night, tonight, I guess.
Fantastic.
It goes into the whole nuclear accident.
I know a lot of people heard of it,
but aren't familiar.
So that's a quick recommendation.
I'll blog it later.
But any other final notes, boys, before we close?
No, I'm going downstairs, though.
All right, boys, everybody,
have a great week out there.
Thanks for listening, everyone.
We appreciate it, as always.
You guys are the best.
One last thing.
Shitty Cindy, I want half the money for those sheets.
You shit all over my friend's nice sheets.
I had to pay the fucking cash.
Come on, y'all.
5,000 thread count.
What the fuck? Thank you. I'm out.
