Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 180 of Spit and Chicklets,
presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
We are here live from the Stanley Cup in Boston.
We had game one on Monday night right down the street.
Bruins came back from a 2-0 deficit with four unanswered goals
to grab a 1-0 series lead in the Stanley Cup final.
Biz attended his very first Stanley Cup final as a fan.
I want to talk to you about that
experience first um well you're going to hear in the in the interview with with rupper i'm i got
emotional it was in uh the game ops were incredible yeah uh you could tell there was an electricity
about the the venue um and and enjoying a full nhl game for the first time since before I was drafted,
live just to enjoy it, not to call it, not to be there to watch as a team member,
from a neutral position as a fan.
It was everything I expected and more.
As someone who was there with you, you seemed starstruck.
You seemed just really, really taken back by it all.
Yeah, I think in the midst of playing and then now doing it in media
because your focus is not entertaining and you can't really truly enjoy it it was a special
experience and and and i've been fortunate enough ever since joined the podcast where i've gotten to
do um i got to do the outdoor game in philly which ended up being pretty special um when when philly
came back and we were in Philadelphia.
And it was good to see those blue-collar people get to go enjoy
the next day at work, even though they're going to be licking their wounds.
We went to the one against Boston in Chicago,
which was at Notre Dame Stadium.
That was way more than I expected, and it was an incredible experience.
And I just got emotional
I mean that's something I dreamed about doing my since since childhood and you guys know by the way
I played I wasn't necessarily like like all about the money I was just there because I because I
would do whatever it took to be in the NHL and and win a Stanley Cup and you know I I I got
emotional yeah no it was good stuff I enjoyed watching you on Instagram.
You could tell you were having fun.
You were a fan.
You haven't been able to do that for a while.
Hold on, quickly.
Did you, like, even, all right, so when I said before the game that, like, warm-ups,
you understand it's the finals when we were on the radio, I was like, did you sense warm-ups was just different?
Well, yeah, and especially with an 8 o'clock start like you're i mean there's already
energy in the building right i mean most nhl regular season games like i would say they made
a bell center toronto chicago you go to some rinks where you're like yeah okay this is fucking this
is the big time you go to some other ones where it's you know it's a little dull during the
regular season so like it was just amplified up everybody has these fucking glow-in-the-dark wristbands.
And when the lights came off and they were running those pump-up videos,
it's always with the music they pick and how they play with your emotions.
The videos, too, are so good.
I was leaking.
I was crying.
I was crying in fucking the pregame ceremony, man.
Come on.
Come on, Biz.
As for the game itself, I know there's a lot of talk about Bruins and Rust.
I think they had maybe a little bit.
It felt like it melted away quick.
But second and third period, they just absolutely dominated St. Louis.
I think they outshot them 18-3 in the second period.
I wonder, do you think this is indicative of how the series is going to go,
or do you just think St. Louis just had a bad couple periods there i mean because there was a huge disparity in those last
two right and and i i was a little bit nervous about char in that first period he he he was
struggling i thought i thought st louis i would say it was probably even as far as who carried
the play yeah but i i felt like st louis was hemming them in a little bit and and everything that st louis got though boston had given them
by turning pucks over i mean that first goal char went up the strong side side it gets gets kept in
ends up in the back of the net that's when i was a little concerned about the the mcavoy and chara
um match up and i i said to grinnell I said, they're getting killed right now.
I said, they've got to shake that up.
And they made an adjustment.
They ended up going Chara and Carlo.
And I don't think  I didn't last the full game, did it?
No, it was just for a few shifts, but it was definitely noticeable there.
I don't know if that was planned.
I don't know if that's the way Cassidy or the D coach drew it up.
As soon as I spotted it, I i mentioned it and i said wow i said they made the adjustment they did after the goal they made the adjustment and it seemed like it kind of got back to normal
they kind of got back their their pizzazz and and from i would say the you know the 12 to 15 minute
mark in that first period it was all bees Bs. It was all Bs.
The thing was, so the two goals, they were really truly given right to them by the Bruins.
So that's when you're like, all right, well, they haven't really done that much.
They haven't created that much.
Now, my issues, the first, so what I want to say about Rask was,
when you're a goalie, it's hard enough when you're planning where the shooter's coming from, when it's a two-on-one rush,
when you're playing your angles, it's hard enough to save the puck.
When there are blatant turnovers in the defensive zone, you have no chance.
The Tereschenko goal, literally no goalie that's ever played hockey would have stopped.
You're behind the net.
You don't know what's going on.
All of a sudden, bing, bang.
You don't even understand how quick that happens.
Both pucks came from below the goal line.
Exactly.
Into the slot area.
Now, the Shen one, you can argue maybe a little,
but it's still such a quick turnover that it changes your entire angle,
the way you've approached the shot and the shooter.
So those two goals, you can't even look at that and say he struggled.
The issue being, I wanted to mention on one thing with the second goal,
people might blame Pasternak.
That's kind of on Chara.
It was pretty obvious to me.
I don't know about you, Biz, playing.
You've got to at least be in a position to jump on that puck
if you think there's a chance he's going to reverse it.
Now, I know if you're Chara and you're not yelling reverse, don't do it.
But I still feel like he kind of should have been there.
I was shocked that that reverse went to no one and the reason i agree with you is is poster knock was
was he below the goal line he was right behind the net and right so you know he's an uncharted
territory and and what you're you're doing is you're like i'm going to give it to someone who
knows what to do with it in that position and and i and i agree with you and and whatever even if you're even if you're
listening and you don't want to blame that on chara it just it it wasn't looking good
it wasn't looking good and and now like so if you take those those away and then you look at the
rest of the game you got to be worried if you're a st louis blues fan now it's so funny because we
didn't let everyone know we're recording this right now the morning after. This is Tuesday.
So we're going to finish the rest of this podcast after the game tomorrow night.
We'll come back here.
So maybe the game that you guys just watched last night is going to be way different.
But right now after game one, that was domination.
And the scary thing was the first line didn't do anything.
They got the empty net goal.
But Sean Corrales and that fourth line
to show up the way they did when we
talked about how many times do
the first two lines as you move on in the playoffs,
especially in the cup final, somewhat
cancel each other out, and then you see
a third and fourth line win a team a Stanley
Cup. That was a game that was pretty
much won by the checking line
and guys who aren't relied usually
on being offensive stars getting
goals so corrali was a complete beast out there the fourth line created a ton even when they were
down to nothing for the fourth line i know it was clifton who gets the goal off his skate but for
them to create that rush i mean you gotta be thinking oh well if marshawn bergeron and pash
not get going what the hell are the blues gonna do? So it's a worrisome game just because of the domination that it turned into.
And the other issue being, not issue, but thing is,
we talk power play, we talk special teams.
The Bruins have now gone, let's see, five straight power,
they have not gone five straight power play opportunities
without posting a goal, right?
So that's looking at at in the last five games
you know for a fact that if you go if you get five four or five penalties they're scoring
and the thing that frustrated me for Bruin fans I know I'm talking a lot here is they were getting
so antsy and you could hear the crowd getting really restless and pissed off when through the
third and maybe fourth power play they didn't score I'm like guys give them a little bit of
time here like they've been this good hold on yeah yeah yeah let them do their thing why boss and power play is so good is because when you you
they set up a certain way if they notice that the breakdown and a chance for them to set up a goal
isn't there they have other options and and it takes a little bit of time for other guys to get
in other positions.
So the adjustment's been made and then you got to set it up.
Then a few passes have to be made in order to open up that hole
to get that scoring chance.
I thought they had a few power plays that were very good.
I thought they had a few that looked like, oh shit,
maybe they did lose their mojo a little bit.
But ultimately I thought they had a few where I'm like,
they are snapping it around.
That is a very good power play.
To steal our friends at TSN's turning point,
I thought it was the Connor Clifton goal.
I mean, the Blues are up 2-0.
They're pretty much in control of the game right there.
And then, like we say, you get a third P.A.D.,
fourth line out there, gets a huge goal.
And you woke the building up.
I mean, the building was like, shit, we're sitting on our hands here.
As Bruins fans, like, fuck, down 2-0. We go down 3-0. It's going to be tough. Instead, they get that goal, wakes the building up. I mean, the building was like, shit, we're sitting on our hands here. As Bruins fans, like, fuck, down 2-0.
We go down 3-0.
It's going to be tough.
Instead, they get that goal, wakes the building up, wakes the Bruins up,
turns the whole fucking game around, I thought, right there.
Before we get too far, I want to say I was impressed by the way Chara regrouped
in the second and third.
He did look like he was, like, breaking in new skates
without being sharpened or radiused in the first period.
I was like, what's going on with him? Right. But he turned around i want to be too hard on guys and and i
and i have to give credit where it's due wit you mentioned this clifton kid um and and i you know
i hadn't paid that much attention to him because there's a lot of guys to focus on i i so can a bit
last night the kid has some jam, and he was buzzing.
And he motors.
And he motors.
He motors.
I mean, like, dude, you've got to think that when the Bruins get that goal, right,
and then they get the power play, and then the first unit doesn't get much going on,
and McAvoy makes a great play, but I've got to call out.
Actually, it's good.
I'm not calling out an individual because I don't remember who it was,
but the Blues were shorthanded, and the guy on the far side near the bench thought he could change when it was just
chipped out. Well, it wasn't chipped all the way down, and McAvoy did a great job of tight turning,
and all of a sudden, it's a little kind of five-on-three rush, maybe even a four-on-three
if a Bruins guy had changed, but there was enough room because that guy changed the penalty killing
forward for the Blues for McAvoy to walk in. He got a bunch of speed.
Now, people said this goal was deflected.
I think McAvoy's stick hit the defender's stick.
I don't know if the puck actually changed direction.
Interesting.
Either way, Binnington kind of should have that. That goal, 2-2, McAvoy's fired up after an enormous goal,
taking advantage of kind of a mistake by a penalty killer,
and then the building's nuts.
And at that point, I was like,
I don't know if they're going to be able to stop them.
Yeah, the reason I won't make an excuse for that tip puck
is because it was still headed to the same side of the net.
And it was far out.
It wasn't like it was going to his glove and then went blocker side.
So his push off or whatever was just lacking in reading.
Or maybe, hey, listen, maybe he lost sight of that puck right before it left the stick
where he wasn't sure and he guessed.
And he just didn't get enough push-off.
So I'm not sure.
Obviously not a goalie.
What are some things about the Blues game that you did like, though, R.A.?
You know what?
Early on, they were just kind of hanging in there.
I thought two teams were just feeling each other out.
I mean, their penalty kill, and I know that's probably not what they want to hear.
I know they gave up one power play goal, but I don't know, man.
The Bruins just fucking ran them through the building the last two periods.
I mean, it's tough to say that their penalty kill was the bright spot,
but I mean, Bennington...
Team speed was very different.
It was one team that was moving.
And one thing that we may not be considering,
and this is coming from a guy who wouldn't get much ice time
if we were killing penalties, and there was a period of time there
where when Joe Vitale came on here and we interviewed him,
he said one of his concerns was staying disciplined, staying out of the box.
I believe in a pretty small window of time, they'd had three minors.
Where all of a sudden, early in a hockey game, which, yeah, you're up in and you're playing well,
but you're taking that rhythm away from some guys and it fucks up the lines a little bit.
It's funny you bring that up because Pat Maroon played a team low last night, just under nine minutes.
So it's like
that's a guy who needs to be out there and he you know he hasn't scored since the series clincher
against dallas but still like he needs to be out there getting his 15 16 minutes and feeling it and
all of a sudden he's not playing he's getting cold on the bench and then your team doesn't have the
same momentum forward wise and like cycling the puck well. And then let's say one guy that your line relies heavily upon
has just spent four of the last seven minutes of play
killing a penalty and got hemmed in a little bit.
All of a sudden, your next shift,
even if it's a regular shift five on five,
he might be playing catch-up.
He's like, yo, I'm going to keep it short
and I'm really just going to stay on the defensive side
and not take risks offensively
because I'm still recuperating cardiovascularly.
Is that the word?
Cardiovascularly?
Yeah.
I just got that pronunciation.
Yeah, thank you for chiming in there.
10 word.
You know, and he's paying catch up.
And remember, these teams haven't played for six and 11 days.
So getting the game legs back matters.
So I'm going to lean towards that was just a hiccup by St. Louis.
Expect a far better effort in game two.
I want to talk about a play that when Torrey Krug's done playing,
that will forever be his clip in the NHL because that was unbelievable.
And my main issue that i want to say
hockey writers a lot of very well respected reporters and writers last night how that is
not a dirty fucking hit that's i don't know what people are talking about complaining about that
hit this is exactly what happened in the entire play you've seen it i'm going to give you a
breakdown from a brain that works when knowing what hockey plays are legal and illegal tory krug
got faced you can't say that word i i he got absolutely mauled in front of his own net he
had his fucking helmet ripped off and he had no bucket on by prawn there was a little exchange
there uh krug did give him a slash. I'm okay with everything that happened.
Oh, no, no.
100.
Don't call anything there.
No.
Actually, when I watched the clip, I was like, I'm happy they didn't call anything there.
Because the ref was standing there.
I think he was entertained by it.
He watched the whole thing.
They're both giving themselves shit.
That's a coincidental or just let them fucking play.
And you fucking soft fuckers who watch hockey, which not a lot listen to this podcast, shut
the fuck up.
That's a man's game. There's nothing there.
He didn't call it coincidental.
He let them play.
Then the camera, now we have
5,000 cameras at all the games. The camera
from right behind him goes, and you see that
replay when it comes out.
Krug gets up. He's furious.
He's absolutely steaming. He just got his
helmet ripped off. He's pissed off.
Perron's skating away.
What you see then is Krug take about eight to nine very hard strides, and you can tell he's going over to Perron.
I don't know if he was going to do anything.
I don't think he's necessarily a dumb player,
but you could tell his angle and his body, he was going after Perron.
He then looked, okay?
He then looked and saw, oh, okay, St. Louis defenders wheeling the net right now
and probably going to pass it up to Robert Thomas.
This timing is working out perfectly.
You know what he did then, folks?
You know what he did then?
Stool scenes.
We've got a camera here recording us.
He started gliding.
He started gliding when he saw a man that he was going to hit
and didn't take a stride for what looked like 15 feet.
So this is the issue people say.
That's charging.
He skated up the ice full speed.
What are you supposed to do playing hockey?
You're supposed to get up to play as fast as you can.
I was the defender that every coach was like,
Whit, after you snap the puck up ice, don't glide.
Bust your ass to the blue line.
Don't admire your pass.
Don't admire your pass.
So you also got to remember, if that puck gets by that defender,
he's now on the blue line.
If he was lazy about it, he got a good gap.
It's getting good gap.
So he was going to maybe push a guy, try to fight a guy, or at least say something to Perron if he didn't want to get a penalty.
He then realized that he could make an attempt.
He could be a part of the play.
And he started gliding.
He then hit the guy with an unbelievable hit with his feet on the ground, not crossing over, not in the air.
His arms tucked down and his shoulder connected right to the guy's chest.
No fucking headshot.
No charge.
No elbow.
No leaving your feet.
And I got half the people on Twitter with blue check marks in the hockey media.
Disgusting display of lack of refereeing with that charge by Torrey Krug.
No, he was pissed off, skated up the ice as hard as he could like you're taught to.
Realized he could hit a guy and glided into him and made a great hockey play.
And by the way, all of this was with no fucking helmet on, which is your dream.
I used to say it was my dream to score a goal with no helmet on.
My dream would actually be to run someone over with a helmet on.
Hair look great too.
My only favor, Grinnelli, is I need you to fucking chop that entire thing up
and put that on Twitter, and we can let the fucking bozos listen to it.
Because you could not have broken that down any more perfectly.
Is that not a professional breakdown of why that was a great hockey hit
in a big game in an awesome moment?
What the fuck? And you know what's even nicer about it is the fact that my wires breakdown of why that was a great hockey hit in a big game in an awesome moment with the puck.
And you know what's even nicer about it?
Is the fact that my wires would
have crossed and on the way by I probably
would have grabbed Perron and suckered him in the
face. But Torrey Krug
has that switch where he's probably
like, I'm not going to take a penalty
and put my team down. I'm not going to do
anything stupid even though I'm very frustrated
that I just ripped my bucket off and gave me a little stinky finger face wash and he collected
it and said let's go play hockey people are saying the charge the charge part of it would
literally be like if he had gone up that fast to the blue line and the puck had came and he scores
well good thing he didn't fucking lazily skate up the ice with his head looking at his tape job in the glass like Upshaw loves to check himself.
He busted his ass and then realized he could hit a guy.
So, no, I mean, the fact that the gliding into him was what really sets everything apart.
If he hadn't stopped skating that hard and ran him over, charge.
If you're upset by that hit, don't watch the rest of the series.
Stop watching hockey, period.
Don't even fucking tweet out the word hockey.
Pretend it never even existed.
How about the kid, someone in my feed said,
Krug's a 28-year-old guy.
He's only 19 years old.
I'm like, dude, even our buddy John Michael Lyles
even chirped the guy.
I forget what he said.
He got chirped by John Michael Lyles for like an awful guy. I forget what he said. He got tripped by John Michael Lyles for, like, an awful take.
So you shouldn't try that hard because he's younger?
Yeah.
Imagine bringing in a fucking age in a league full of adult guys and bringing up, like, the age.
Well, maybe it's, like, rounders.
I mean, are guys supposed to be bouncers out there and check IDs?
That person's part of, like, the spectrum at home.
Like, that can't be a normal human that's tweeted that at you, dude.
Now, playing devil's advocate here for a second,
if they did call a penalty on that, would it have been a bad call
if they did call Kroos for charging?
If they gave him a two for charge, I would have been like,
yeah, that's bullshit.
At that point in the game, I thought that obviously with Bacchus
not actually getting high stuck.
And hey, sometimes R rupper mentions it in the
interview sometime one comes back and you don't get benefit of the doubt and that might have been
a team related thing do you do you agree where i mean i i wouldn't have been happy with it and i
think that you would have given a win to the the to the the hockey nerds and the fucking ones who
think like oh that's a charge i just don't i mean if that was called a charge on that hit in that
play the roof would have popped off the roof would have popped off but it's a it's a home team
getting screwed but at home i would have been like dude he just glided from the blue line what do you
mean that's a charge because he skated hard up the ice the penalty a minor or major penalty shall be
imposed on a player who skates or jumps into or charges into an opponent in any manner.
Charging shall mean the actions of a player who,
as a result of distance traveled,
shall violently check an opponent in any manner.
A charge may be the result of a check into the boards,
into the goal frame, or on an open ice.
A two-two charge.
So the only argument one of those hockey nerds
who say that was a dirty hit would have
would be the distance traveled.
So what they would have wanted him to do do instead of going to make that hockey play and separating the
man from the puck with a legal check is hit the brakes at the blue line then proceed to go in
fuck you why has he got to waste energy kiss my ass yeah i mean yeah jordan tutu used to hammer
people his chargings were skating full tilt striding and crossing over
and running you over true there was never gliding so i i don't know i mean i guess either way i mean
there was an argument because of the i i didn't know about that distance traveled but i mean like
this is traveled sounds like it's like an apollo 12 mission like the rule book one thing i wanted
to bring up and and uh and this is not to criticize him,
but I didn't know how much of an impact Bacchus was going to have on this series.
You know, he's slowing down a little bit.
I mean, I feel like there's a lot of  Boston's a pretty quick team.
And obviously he's done some good things.
That reminds me of something.
He's done some good things up until this point.
But I found that he was a factor in in game one he
was a pest he drew that penalty which really upset edmondson edmondson edmondson didn't i i mean i
couldn't assess his game by saying it was poor or or or he was good but i believe on the winning
goal it was his guy in front of the net so backus's chain of events kind of kind of affected
edmondson in a way where hey he had an effect on the game and then also uh kind of getting under
binnington's skin a little bit by being a pest in front of the net with by jamming his his knuckles
into the back of his knee which some people didn't see that and are wondering why binnington gave
backus an elbow to the face we also discussed it later in the Rupp interview
I thought that was one of those things
Bacchus asked for it, he got
one, was a factor
no harm, no foul, both guys got a
shot in, let's move on
so Bacchus, tip my cap to you
if you can keep being a factor in this
series, you deserve
a Stanley Cup. R.A., credit
to you because I think Marcus Johansson
was one of the best players on the ice last night.
He looked phenomenal, and I know you've been saying a lot
that the third line for you is huge for the Bruins,
and because of him, he was dominating.
I mean, I'm talking, he hit the post on the one rush
that he looked great on.
Even on a breakout, he flipped it to himself
right over a guy's stick, a little Gino Malkin
action, like near his own blue line too.
So you could tell that his confidence level
is all-time high, and you said that would be a
big player, and I think that he was one of the best players
for the Bruins in that entire game.
Thanks, man. I appreciate that. I do say he'd be the X-Factor.
But yeah, you look at his stat line, it doesn't
jump out at you. One shot, one block, two
takeaways. No, it's more about what he did when he had the puck.
Exactly. I mean, and I could look up
fancy stats. I couldn't decipher them for you, but
I would imagine his fancy stats were probably
fucking pretty damn good. They dominated him,
Coyle, Heinen. Every time they were out there,
he made something happen. I mean,
he didn't get one point, but he
deserved to get a point. I know he deserves to get another
throw at him. Guys, before we go any further,
I got to talk about Can I Brands,
the all-natural CBD company, and as well THC.
They've got plenty of stuff on their websites.
That's canibrans.com, C-A-N-I-B-R-A-N-D-S.com, Cani Brands.
We're going to give you a Biz20 promo code for 20 off.
This CBD stuff is incredible. Can I brands has so many different sorts of products
coming out between, um, vape pens, uh, CBD spray bottles, whether it's the, the, can I men for,
for, for, um, healing for, uh, the, the, can I sleep, which is unbelievable. Um,
ever since I've been taking it, I've been getting my full eight hours. I dream like crazy. I've still been wetting the bed a little bit, but not as much.
I think I'm adjusting to that.
So, you know, and all the things, Whitney's laughing at me right now during this ad read.
So let's try to keep it on track here.
Canibrands.com.
You can follow them on Instagram as well.
You can ask them all the questions you need about the all-natural CBD that is inside all of these great
products.
What else do they got?
They got it all.
They got it all, guys, and I hope you guys enjoy it.
So check out their website,
canibrands.com
That's C-A-N-I-B-R-A-N-D-S
I believe I spelled that correctly.
And check out their website.
I forgot to bring up because we talked about Clifton and Krug.
Little stat.
Boy, work.
How about this?
First two goals in your career by a defenseman that come in the playoffs.
I just butchered how to describe that.
Basically what this stat is, it's a defenseman whose first two NHL goals came in the playoffs. I just butchered how to describe that. Basically what this stat is,
it's a defenseman whose first two NHL goals
came in the playoffs.
It's happened four times in league history.
1961 by a guy named Howie Young from the Red Wings.
Never heard of him.
1982, Dave Feimster from the Blackhawks.
He sounds like he just crushes booze.
Dave Feimster.
Oh, Feimster's at the bar again.
Shut him off. The next two in 2013
and 2019, Torrey Krug
and Connor Clifton.
So ironically enough, you remember Krug came on the scene
and I think he scored against Lundqvist twice
right out of his rookie year, his first
two NHL goals. And then
Connor Clifton comes on and he's been the same exact
thing. So the fact that these guys
have contributed that you just expected not much out of
when even the middle of the season was going on in terms of Clifton,
it's great to see.
And if you're Bruins fans, that's what's making you so confident.
I feel like we have pumped the Bruins up quite a bit.
I do want to mention that I thought St. Louis, and Rupp also talks about it in the interview,
when they do gain the zone,
they're very good at protecting the puck
and good along the walls.
I think both teams are.
That's one edge I would give to St. Louis.
And if they're able to, you know,
play in the offensive zone a little bit more,
then they'll be okay.
That's a strength to their game.
I don't think they're a fast, you know,
passing through seams kind of team.
They just kind of fucking wear you down.
I know I asked Rupp about it,
but what did you think of Bennington's play?
I know they didn't lose because of him.
I thought he was a little bit off.
I don't think he was as good as we've seen him.
Did you agree with that assessment?
I think that I would call the goaltending situation a wash.
I mean, we didn't see a big enough sample
size for rask he did let in two goals yeah 20 shots that's all 20 shots and they were they're
both both goals were from high scoring chance areas uh high percentage scoring chance areas
anyway um and i i mean yeah binnington didn't let in a softy i would say one softy and i would say
it was the mcavoy but he also did keep the puck out of the net a few times.
I mean, there were some pretty glorious opportunities.
I thought that Boston ran a few nice face-off plays,
one in the first period where they set,
I think it might have been Pasternak up for a one-timer early on,
but he got good one on it, great save by Bennington.
So for as many as he gave up, I thought he kept a lot of it in that.
I just thought that he got dominated,
and it would have took him stealing a game in order for them to win.
I think we will see a different Blues team.
We mentioned this before, but we're going to go to them in a minute.
But there's no way that they don't come back from that effort
because I think over a 35-minute stretch on the clock,
they had five shots in that game.
There's no way that they come back with a similar effort,
especially with all playoffs long they've bounced back.
So I think the Bruins can give more because their first line didn't do much,
but I think the Blues will have a lot more in the tank for game two.
One thing we got pee-pee-whacked about by some idiot fan
is we didn't mention the fact that St. Louis has 18 Canadians on the team.
Oh, yes.
And then his response was, oh, I bet you if there's 18 Americans, the other guys would mention it.
And I'm like, listen, man, we got a lot to talk about.
I hadn't even considered that at all.
So I'm sorry, fellow Canadians, if you were offended by the fact that I forgot about all the Canadian boys on the St. Louis team.
And last note before we send it off to Rupert.
I got a note, too.
Okay, sure.
We all get notes.
Grinnelly posted the video to Twitter, and it was a simple discussion between me and another guy kind of ragging on each other about section etiquette.
You guys were laughing, though.
You guys were laughing the whole time.
We were laughing.
Some people interpreted the video where I was like completely being an asshole this
guy no i just brought it to his attention that that he he had bad section etiquette at a sporting
event so long story short i'm sitting near the middle of the section and in the midst of the
first period after a whistle some guy comes walking by and and and when i walk into an area i'm like
jason bourne i assess exactly what the fuck's going on i'm a little bit crazy in that sense
but i knew i was in the middle of the section now keep in mind there's 18 seats in this section
in in the row so i see a guy coming by after the whistle and I'm like wait a minute it wasn't
Grinelli and it wasn't the two guys
sitting next to him which would put them beyond
the halfway point this guy's
coming from fucking planet Zoltan
I mean so he goes by
and I'm thinking in my head and
I'm like there's no way he's going to come back this
way he's going to realize what he's done and go
to the other section over and take the
shorter route to his seat well sure
shit he comes back down our side and i'm looking around the grinelli and then the two people beside
me and and i'm like is this guy serious and i and i because i stood up while he was gone and looked
there was six seats to his left and there was 11 to his right and i'm like buddy what so finally he tries to do it again a little bit
later on i go bud like there's fucking six seats over there 11 this way what are you doing and his
excuse was well the washroom's that way and and ra i mean i've already told you the story that's
the most ridiculous reply ever use the fucking concourse your main objective is
to get to that staircase as soon as possible you're inconveniencing 11 people as opposed to
six what fucking planet am i on yeah because you don't know math so i've never known what i i
resented the fact that that he used the oh well the bathroom's that way excuse because i mean my
head exploded and then i i felt like I wanted to jump off the balcony.
Now, Whit brought up a good point.
There was a very attractive girl sitting to my right.
And you know you would have done the same thing.
But I wouldn't have because if you think in your right mind
that I would have inconvenienced 11 people, just as our A would put it,
to put my schlong in some smoke show's face and disturb her
knowing that full well she's going to think I'm a psychopath
because I've just crossed 11 people as opposed to six.
Grinnell, you're out of your goddamn mind.
So I got two things.
First, we talked about the 2-0 lead, and we talked about what happened.
You took some bad penalties.
The Bruins got momentum.
Binnington lets in some soft
ones some guys don't get ice time because of the penalties but what actually happened was the most
embarrassing thing I've ever seen and that's Dave Portnoy noogying Bozo in the face in the head
on the big screen at the garden with his St. Louis buddy YP next to him not doing a thing
and I just said when I walked in if i got no good like that
on the big screen at a game you gotta come up swinging you have to come up doing could you
imagine i know for a fact could you imagine i'm friends with like if if all of a sudden you're
getting no good and you're flailing around like you're you're firing an elbow behind you like
this dude's rubbing my scalp with his knuckle. And so the blues didn't recover from that,
and it's just a tough little probozo.
And I didn't even have to do it this time.
Could you imagine Riggs getting carried out in cuffs
because him and Dave got in a Donnybrook?
He gets fired and arrested.
I have a different opinion about this.
I'm on the...
Are people getting humor out of this?
Did we make people laugh collectively?
I thought it was so funny just at someone's expense.
Even if I'm the butt of the joke, as long as it's something that didn't irritate me,
that wouldn't have irritated me.
What would irritate you if getting noogied wouldn't?
It's one of the most irritating things on the planet.
You know what irritates me?
If I've bought a nice pair of shoes and the team decides to give me a shoe check,
where I'm like, I understand.
Fashion guy.
No, but I also understand the value of a dollar where like the shoes they might have gotten, I might have to throw out now.
Because there's a big fucking ketchup stand on the front of it where my dad used to have to work a full day for 100.
Oh, walk to school uphill both ways.
Well, no, but he worked in a steel mill.
So that's the way my brain operates in that situation.
Now, YP, very difficult decision to make.
He either comes over the top ropes
and fucking starts wailing away at Dave Portnoy.
The guy signs his checks.
It's also his name.
Yeah, exactly.
Young Page Hughes.
His name.
That's as in Davey Page Hughes.
That's where YP comes from.
Business brain just broke, huh?
Yeah. Did you know that? That's what the. That's as in Davey Page Hughes. That's where YP comes from. Business brain just broke, huh? Yeah.
Did you know that?
That's what the YP is.
He's named after Dave Portnoy because they call him Davey Page Hughes.
And I don't know if you know the story.
Why?
He made his own video like doing exactly what Dave did.
That's how he got the job.
He got hired by basically worshiping Dave.
Wow.
So he's, it's like a Yoda.
And who's the other guy?
I don't know.
You have absolute power. I've never watched one of those movies. Luke Skywalker, Obi-Wan Ken and who's the other guy? I don't know.
You have absolute power.
Luke Skywalker.
So that's a Luke Skywalker Yoda situation. I check you will.
Last thing.
So yesterday on the radio, I'm getting all this heat for calling St. Louis a shithole.
Oh, St. Louis, this kid tweets me.
Are you going to call St. Louis a shithole again on your podcast
Hey buddy
Downtown St. Louis is a dump
Downtown St. Louis
That's what we were talking about
Outside areas
I remember going to see where some of the guys live
Beautiful nice restaurants
Great set up in some of the suburbs
Right outside the town
Biz was in a disagreement with me
Downtown St. Louis is shit There's nothing to do there's nothing to see they do have the rink and
the cardinals have a great ballpark but after that like it is not a great downtown and i stand by
that so everyone shut up i'll say it on the podcast just like i said it on the show it is not
a cool downtown spot and i'd never want to live there Give me one of the suburbs
I'm down with St. Louis
Fair enough
I mean
I think it was more for content
Just to rip on YP and Bozo
YP was so mad
Later he's like
Dude it's beautiful
It's like funny
I think it's getting better down there
And the city of St. Louis
And the people have been nothing but good to me
So the last thing I want to do is
is it want to ruffle feathers?
I mean, whatever.
You can be a great person and live in a shithole.
Yeah, I'd say I'd let you know.
Unless you're from Long Island. Uh-oh.
Uh-oh. No, I'm kidding.
Islanders fans, I take
that back. Those people just stink.
Just kidding, guys. Just kidding.
We're calling a truce. I had another Islander fan come at me last night on Twitter.
I want a truce between you guys.
I love you guys.
I love what your organization is doing.
Me and Barzell are boys.
That guy helps me to kills because he's so handsome.
So we're going to go now to Ruppert.
And we will be back.
What?
We didn't get your reaction of Drake on the podcast.
All this sick leagues talk.
Drake buzzing up and down the sidelines, joining in on the huddle.
Dude, that stuff is so embarrassing.
I mean, it's not even
It is, man.
It's just so pathetic.
I don't know how the league or the arena allows this guy to be a part of the game.
He definitely didn't play sports growing up.
I think it's very obvious that
Yeah, he was a nerd actor.
Yeah, you can tell that like
anyone who's played a sport in their life
knows you don't do that being a fan.
I mean, he knows he's so famous.
He's just, I mean,
he's as A-list as you can get, right?
So he's like,
I can do whatever I want,
but you just should know like,
bro, you're not an athlete.
So here's my assessment of the situation, and I might get some Drake stans come after me.
I think he's uber talented.
I, for the most part, enjoy his music in certain environments.
I mean, you know, if you're at a club, you know, he's got some bangers in there.
You are one of the biggest artists on the the planet one of the biggest celebrities on the
planet you have your moment to shine you're on stages all across the globe you're in the news
you're on tmz you're talked about constantly the toronto raptors have worked hard all the players
have collectively gotten them to this point in the season and all anyone is talking about now
is fucking drake and kawaii leonard where i'm like
dude be more self-aware yeah and sit the fuck down and let those players have their moment
so if if if you're in disagreement with me i i think you're a fucking clown where it's just like
not only is he a fan and i get that he's an ambassador he's's still a fan. But if you asked him, he's probably like,
I'm the reason that this is because of me.
Well, he did.
He had a little rant after, I believe it was game five in Milwaukee
when he showed up to the outdoor thing in Toronto.
Now, people compared him to Mark Cuban.
And I'm saying, no, you fucking moron.
That guy's worth a couple billion and he owns the
entire fucking team that team loves him because i know how mark cuban treats his players and if
he wants to go down to the court and yell at an official and then write a check for 150k after
and said i just made it back after taking a couple deep breaths to the league fucking do it you're an
ambassador sit down in the fucking seat.
I know you're passionate.
I'm totally down with your excitement over the fact of what they've done.
I just feel like you're taking a little bit of the shine away
from the players that have gotten the job done,
and that's a bit of a narcissistic quality.
You know that he probably has his team of handlers,
and I bet you go into the game
he's like maybe maybe tonight's the night tonight's the night and one of the guys like yeah maybe
drake and then someone who doesn't know he's like what do you mean he's like oh he thinks he's gonna
actually get in the game one time and i just i just tell him yeah you probably will bud you
maybe tonight is the night like they're that he's fucked dude another another uh thing i've heard
around toronto too is is is the crew that he rolls around with,
his extended crew, is a nightmare.
And nobody wants to deal with them because they're rude, they're entitled.
He had a restaurant, that marble I talk about all the time that Peter Gerges opened up,
that was Drake's old spot.
His whole crew just wheels in there.
They eat all the food.
They don't tip the servers.
There's a sense of entitlement.
And if that's not obvious, and keep in mind, I love what he's done.
I love how he's progressed as a rapper.
And give him all the accolades that way.
I think in this situation, just sit the fuck down.
Cheer on your team.
Get up and cheer.
Get off the fucking court.
And last thing, I'd be interested to see What you people in Toronto
All Maple Leafs fans
Who listen to our podcast
Think
Yesterday on the radio show
We
I think
Alright you asked
Your whole thoughts
On the Raptors
All that stuff
We just talked about
I then said
Toronto Maple Leafs fans
And people who live in Toronto
As a whole
Would agree to get
The Toronto Raptorsors moved out of Toronto
if it guaranteed the Maple Leafs a trip to the finals.
Not even a win of the Stanley Cup.
I think if you told Maple Leafs fans, you're guaranteed to be in the cup finals next year,
but Toronto, the Raptors are gone.
They're going to Mexico.
And then I think they'd be like, we're fine with that.
Get them out of here.
I don't.
I'm in disagreement.
This is a Maple Leaf town.
I'm in disagreement
at the fact that the multiculturalism big word for me by the way get get that up there on the
internet and multicultural shove that up your hoop you on uh an edible um one and a half um
fuck you wit now i forgot my oh because of the multiculturalism, that basketball is just as popular in Toronto.
And, I mean, you're seeing that by the shit going on outdoor festivities.
And I think it would be the equivalent of Toronto made the run
that the Raptors have.
But I think you're even keeling.
I might not agree with your statement.
Now keep in mind, going back to the distraction of Drake
before we go too long here,
is I did a curtain of distraction for asu i'm assuming somebody's going to try to group me in the same category where they actually physically called and asked if we would come there and do that
that's different where you just well i know but you know there's going to be some moron on twitter
who's like oh look at this video you're kind of on the cart. So you got to cover your bases.
Before we do go to Rupp, I just had one
stat I wanted to drop. Game one
winners have won the Cup 77.2
of the time, which
is a staggering number to me.
Do you know what the percentage is
if you go up 2-0? It's a lot
higher. 91. Yeah.
You're not going to say must win. It ain't a must
win, but St. Louis is going to be in a bad place if they're going back.
Before we throw it to Rupert, last thing I swear was the Boston guy.
I will just broadly.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The guy on the Jumbotron early in that game who took his shirt off and he had the mural of the Bobby Orgel.
Shoulder to shoulder.
Shoulder to shoulder.
Tattooed on his fucking...
With the Boston skyline in the background.
Imagine not seeing your brother for a while,
and then you see it,
you take the shirt off at the pool,
and you're like,
bro.
And he's like,
yeah, you like it?
It's a 2,000 tattoo.
Easy.
Oh, yeah.
I would say easily, yeah.
15 hours in a chair getting Bobby Orr's fly body.
Anyway.
We'll pick up after rep when we return.
It'll be after game two and
we'll uh we'll fucking recap that one for everybody this interview was brought to you by tommy john
this father's day tommy john is reminding you that their quick draw fly saves guys 217 minutes
of unnecessary fumbling per year so instead of fly fishing in the bathroom dad can spend more
time out on the water whether it's your father or husband, give the gift of life-changing comfort this Father's Day with Tommy John.
Tommy John's lightweight, breathable underwear in limited edition outdoorsy prints
and colors are perfect for everything from fishing trips to weekend getaways.
Plus, for guys more likely to recline than cast a line,
they've created exclusive Father's Day gift sets featuring loungewear, apparel,
and additional underwear styles.
So comfortable, he won't believe it.
Their underwear legs never ride up, the waistband never rolls down, and he'll never get a wedgie.
Guaranteed.
But did you also know you're covered for everything else?
Because all Tommy John is backed by their best pair you'll ever wear, or it's free, guaranteed.
If he doesn't love the first item, you'll get a full refund. So make sure to grab your gifts early.
Their limited edition collectibles are sure to sell out.
Tommy John, no adjustment needed.
Go to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off your first order.
Plus, find out how you can get free expedited shipping and guaranteed Father's Day delivery on orders placed by June 12th.
That's TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off.
TommyJohn.com slash chicklets for 20 off tommyjohn.com slash chicklets now please to be joined in person he's a spitting chicklets alumni he's been on once but not in
person it makes it better we got nhl network former nhl stanley cup champion mike rup thanks
for joining us buddy hey thanks that was pre-biz pre--biz when I was on it. That was pre-biz. So this is more, no offense to you guys, this is more of a sanctioned.
This is more of a sanctioned event here.
You might want to warn the wife and kids on this one, Rob.
Well, he's like, oh, Bissonette's part of that podcast?
I got to get back on there.
I got to talk about the time I pumped his eyes shut.
He did.
Should we get right into that?
Yeah, absolutely.
Tell the back story of the trainer.
I've never heard this.
Oh, I told you that one.
Essentially, his trainer at the time fucked me.
So you can get it.
It was a little back.
So when I was in Jersey, our trainer, Mike Vassilani was his name.
He was our strength and conditioning guy.
He loved fights.
So he's always watching hockey fights.
He's going on hockeyfights.com.
He knows he's coming up.
So he always, he liked when you're warming up for practice, He's always watching hockey fights. He's going on hockeyfights.com. He knows it's coming up.
So he always, he liked when you're warming up for practice,
whoever coming, hey, did you check out blah, blah, blah last night?
Watch him, watch for him.
And nothing's worse than, Biz could probably second this,
nothing's worse than when, I love Mike, he's an awesome trainer,
but he's so passionate about it.
Nothing's worse than when you get someone who doesn't do it trying to give you tips on how to do it.
I'm like, dude, you have no idea.
Like, I've been at the gym before, and guys will be like, what are you working on?
Because I've been doing, like, grappling stuff.
And the guy's like, yeah, would you ever try doing this?
Get behind him and use your elbow.
I'm like, dude, I'll be getting out of the league.
And then you log into your Wells Fargo account, and you put your phone in his face.
And he's like, all right, I'll just go.
Yeah, like, people always got their opinion.
People always got their opinion.
So anyways, he wasn't bad like that.
He was just like, he came in and he's like, hey.
He had pressure almost.
He's like, you check out this Bissonette in Pittsburgh?
Man, this guy is just, he's on a roll right now.
He's just pumping guys.
So I don't know.
Did you have like a phase?
I know.
I one-punched Bradley.
Yeah, I did all right early on.
And to me, the AHL toughness was probably better than the NHL toughness at the time.
So, yeah, I guess I came in and I was doing okay.
Yeah, so he was always coming up.
He's like, so we'd be playing Pitt.
And he's like, I don't know if that business is up, but you've got to be careful with him.
I'm like, dude, I don't want to be thinking about this.
So he's like in my head already.
So there was a couple times when we played,
and maybe we just missed each other.
I was a healthy scratch.
You could be pretty nice about it.
So we missed each other.
So for the longest time, I'm like, dude, this biz is just an animal.
This biz is an animal.
So then I got to know you casually and pit there briefly,
and then we end up in Arizona.
And from getting to know you, I'm like,
I don't really want to fight this guy unless I have to.
Because we hit it off at Pittsburgh camp.
He was a great guy.
He told me everything I needed to know when I get picked up off waivers by Phoenix.
So your first year in Pitt was when he basically got you.
Hold on.
This is the thing, though.
So I go in there.
I don't know him.
I don't know him from Adam except he's like Ogie Oglethorpe.
That's basically what I've been told.
So I come in here and Biz is there.
And the first thing I notice is,
and I thought it was awesome because I was new to Pittsburgh
and that team is, he's
running his mouth chirping Gino, chirping
Sid. I'm like, dude, this kid's
got some gumshot. I like him.
So when I got there, the first thing he says
in front of all the boys in the locker room is,
oh, nice, welcome, rapper. He's like,
now I can see I'm not going to be here. I thought I was
going to make the team. And I'm like, oh, come on, man. Don't say that now I can see I'm not going to be here. I thought I was going to make the team.
And I'm like, oh, come on, man.
Don't say that.
It made me feel like such an asshole right away.
But you know what?
I got a lot of respect from him.
And the way you were with the teammates and just, I mean, that's the, from you know the guy.
You both know those guys.
They want to be treated like normal guys.
They want to get ribbed like everybody else. They don't want to be treated like they're special.
And you had no problem with that.
But then you ended up going on to, when I fought you,
I think it was Minnesota the first.
But I ended up, I was being a bit of a hero
because I was trying to get our team going.
And I remember Ruppers skating by and he's like,
dude, you better calm the fuck down.
And I'm like, fuck you.
And then we ended up going and he hit me with an absolute bomb just on
the eye and there's a picture of it online like he got me when i was in the box after all my you
you were you you were in i felt i was like whoa he's pretty strong like i didn't feel the only
thing that i got though the one thing i just my trick thing when i don't get anything going i
throw a token uppercut it's not you're not even gonna hit you and as soon as i come through the
upper i just bring it back like that so you're timing it so you feel me punch now you come through the punch
and i got you but it was and then i got you probably called this old trainer who fucking
teed me up and he's like he's like how tough is he now you fucking ass did they check out hockey
fights tomorrow you pigeon you fucking made me murder that kid and i think i fought you one more
time when you were in uh in new york yeah and then i could
it was like wrestling a bear oh so sorry all right quickly before you you came in we were just
looking at the five on five fight i didn't know you were part of that with jersey or it was a
three-on-three fight well yeah but it's right off the face off right i i'm gonna i'm gonna put this
guy uh put this in your guys court do what you want with it i've spoken uh everybody except eric
bolton about this that was in that so the three guys so ryan carter stew bickle um they fought cam jansen
and i are sorry cam jansen and brandon press were the other two that fought me and eric bolton i've
spoke to everybody except i thought you fought two they i'm like guys we got to get together
sometime and like just tell from our vantage points oh it'll be great all six of you guys
together like a rush we'll give it we We'll give a sneak peek of it.
I remembered, so the game started.
We actually had earlier in the season,
it was Devil's Rangers, so you hate each other.
And there's a couple times when,
during the regular season too,
I want to say we started a game with Cam Jantz
and I fighting, whatever.
So Torrance comes in the locker room.
So opposing team, the visitors put their lineup in first. Torrance comes in the locker room. So, you know, opposing team, the visitors put their lineup in first.
Torts comes in the locker room.
He's just mumbling under his breath.
This fucking junior hockey mentality bullshit.
Cause Pete DeBoer is coaching, coaching a Jersey comes in.
Are you kidding me?
This bullshit.
And he's like kicking the garbage and whatever.
I'm like, what's going on?
He's like, he's like rights on the board.
Who's starting for them so they've got jansen bickle or sorry jansen bolton carter and then uh i think at defense they
had salvador and volchenkov very message sent yeah so they're starting on msg ice with this
so his response is this is the best he's like he's like i i don't know what you guys want me to do i
hate putting you guys in this position.
I hate putting you in harm's way.
I got no other choice.
He's like, what am I going to do, put Gabby out there?
I'm Aaron Gabrick, who's our 40-goal scorer.
I respect that, though.
He's saying, fuck, boys, I have to do this.
He's like, I don't want to do it.
He's like, I have to.
He's like, all right.
So he goes, all right, Ruppert, left wing, Presti, right wing, Bix, play center.
Bix is a defenseman.
And then so he leaves the room, and he's just, you know, mumbling under his breath.
He leaves the room, and I remember he walks away, and we're all getting up, putting our shoulder pads on,
getting ready to go out for the first.
And I remember just kind of looking around.
Presti was down a couple stalls.
Bickle was across, and Bix looks at me, and we just look.
So then I walk over to Presti, and Bix walks over,
having our little huddle.
Who's got who?
Yeah, so Bix goes, so how do you guys want to handle this?
And this is the kind of Presti's like, Brandon Prest,
which is like the absolute warrior.
He's just like, well, listen, last time I fought Bolton,
Rupert, you fought Jansen, so let's switch it up.
So you can have him.
Bix, you're playing center. This is awesome.
So you got Carter
and we're like, yeah, okay.
And I'm like, listen,
we can play. Don't
look for it. If they do it, we're there to answer it.
But we just go out there. Let's just go out there. If it
happens, it happens. And
Bix is like,
hey, Ruppert, what do I do on a draw?
I'm like, Bix, you're not out there to win the faceoff.
Don't worry about it.
And you know what?
When you watch the replay, he snaps it back before the fight.
So he always says, even to today, like, 100 of my career, I draw.
That's true.
So they draw.
And as soon as you go out there, you
could just feel the whole gardens up on their feet
when they announced who started on both teams.
And I remember we just line up.
You could just feel the body language. You know how it is. You just stand there. And I remember we just line up and the body, you just feel the body language.
You know how it is.
Like you just stand there and it's like,
guys are square to you.
Not the face off.
I don't,
I'd rather,
you know,
yeah,
it's a good indication of what's about to happen.
I don't know how petty to bore is,
but a torts is definitely a guy where he doesn't like deescalate the
situation where he could have came in the room and maybe just put...
Go score on him, boys.
We're starting Gabby.
Or just put Rupp around the way.
Where it's like, we got one guy out there and there might have been a fight.
He just had to go above and beyond and put Bix at center.
That's what I love about Torts, though, because he's in the fight with you.
We saw him going into Vancouver's locker room.
Yeah, that was Calgary's, right? Oh, sorry. It it was in van it was in van with van went in calgary's
locker room and i'm like i like that stuff so even after that then you see torts get down and
he starts john de bourne going to bench i'm like there's gonna be a coach's fight here too i mean
it was it was cool it was awesome oh who went up winning that game uh actually i don't even know
i remember the fight that's just yeah we we ended up playing them game? Actually, I don't even know. I remember the fight.
Yeah, we ended up playing them in the playoffs
in the Eastern Conference Finals.
They beat us.
It was a real battle that year with those guys.
That's when they went on to lose in the Cup to L.A., correct?
Let's talk about your early days in New Jersey
and how crazy that was.
I'd imagine with the impact you made in playoff
and becoming the hero in Game 7
that your relationship with Lou was probably pretty good.
Yeah, I mean, Lou was a guy that was trying to teach me
how he wanted me to play, and I know Pat Burns and him,
Pat Burns was the coach at the time,
and they were really big on, I remember coming off of that.
So people that don't know, I was a black ace all the playoffs.
And then come Stanley Cup Finals, we're playing against Anaheim,
and they have me and this Christian Berglin, another forward,
who they're like, you guys are going to start traveling
because geographically we can't just ship somebody out there.
Our farm team is in Albany.
So we just started traveling and practicing with the actual team for the finals.
And we're three games into the series.
It's 2-1 us.
And, you know, we  I still remember, not to go back to torts,
but Pat Burns is the best ever with  he keeps everyone down.
He keeps you down.
Keeps you down to earth.
If things are going good. It's not you down. He keeps you down to earth. Yeah.
If things are going good.
It's not that good.
He'll manufacture something to.
I mean, we've had practices where he's like, things are rolling.
We've got six in a row and he's on the ice and he's just like,
bulls whistle.
Everybody comes over.
He's like, you guys think I'm stupid?
You guys are like, what?
He's like, you think I'm an idiot?
You guys are taking me for an idiot.
I'm like, guys are looking around like, what?
He's just like, I know what happened last night.
Don't think that's going to go unnoticed.
And so literally he leaves this, and after the practice,
we're in the locker room like, where did he talk?
Did anybody go out?
What happened?
He just made stuff up just to bring you right back down to earth.
So you're practicing hard, snapping the puck around.
So I remember, so this is game.
There's no indication I'm going to get in the lineup.
You have no plan whatsoever. No plan. it's game four in anaheim it's about let's say i don't remember the time of the start say it's seven o'clock start it's about five o'clock we
just get to the rank maybe five four or 445 and i'm literally sitting there thinking to myself
like i said to christian bergman the guy i practicing with, I was like, hey, man, let's go get some of those nachos again.
Like those are nice.
And so we're talking about being up top.
And all of a sudden the trainer goes, hey, Pat wants to see you.
So I walk over and Pat pulls me out in the hallway.
And he goes and he's standing there like a foot away from my face.
And he goes, did you go out last night?
And I go, no, no, I didn't. And he goes, you didn't go out last night. I'm like, no, Pat, I didn you go out last night and i go no no i didn't and he
goes you didn't go out last night i'm like no pat i didn't go out last night i'm a rookie i'm 20 22
23 and he's just like he's like are you i'm giving you one more chance did you fucking go out last
you start thinking did i go i'm like i'm like i'm like literally i'm like literally i'm like pat no
i was in bed at 10 30 like i'm a rookie i I'm trying to get like, stay away from, I'm trying to get out of everybody's way.
I did not go out last night.
He goes, if I found out you went out last night, you'll never play in this fucking league.
And I'm like, Pat, I promise you, I didn't go out.
And he goes, all right, go get dressed.
You're playing.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
So like, I didn't have time to get nervous.
I'm like, all I'm thinking that whole time is I better play good or he's going to think
I went out last night. And like, he was so good at manipulating those things so
anyways i end up playing games four five six and seven and the circumstance for me going in was
joe new and dyke was hurt and the top line in the playoffs was new and dyke freezing lang and brunner
and instead of messing up all the lines they just put me in newby's place that's that's so
those are the only four games you played all playoffs, right?
Yeah.
And then two snipes and three points.
Well, in the first game, in that game four, I played fourth line.
I was out there just to take face-offs, basically.
I played limited minutes.
And then we lost that game, so it was 2-2 going back to Jersey.
Game five, about halfway through the game,
they put our line together and we were buzzing.
We got a point in that game or got a goal in that game.
We blew them out in game five.
And then I stayed with that line for six and seven.
And so, you know, it obviously ended up working out.
And it's a great situation for me to be in.
What's the situation like after you end up winning it?
Because you go from a guy where you're trying to get out of everyone's way.
Half the guys you probably haven't even had a deep conversation with.
And all of a sudden you're out celebrating the Stanley Cup or you kind of were the one that handed it to them
and all of a sudden it's just like the biggest he's like do i get the full bonus
you know it's funny because i i knew i don't know if it's changed but it was
i'm pretty sure it used to be if you played 42 regular season games or one game in the finals.
I think it's still the same.
It's still the same?
I think it is.
So I knew once I got the one game in the finals if we won.
So I want to at least pull the rope a little bit.
But, you know, it was funny because to get back,
I'm going to circle this back to the Lou thing.
So that happens.
We win the cup.
It was awesome.
Our line, you know, ended up getting three points in game seven and uh and we end up going to uh we have the summer you get the day with the
cup uh i come back to training camp and they keep our line together and then pre-season i swear we
had like eight pre-season games nine pre-season games that year and i play the first one i play
the second one i play the third one they're. They're not happy with me. I'm like, I'm probably getting the next game off.
Like, you know, you just  I played the last three.
I played every single game in the preseason.
And I remember at the point  and this is probably the only reason why I was
leading the team in points in the preseason because I played every game
and all the other guys played half of that.
But I remember I was feeling pretty good.
Our line was good.
And I remember we were actually  we were playing against the Bruins in Providence.
And Pat pulls me aside before the one game, the preseason game,
and he goes, how do you think you're doing preseason?
How's your preseason going?
I'm like, pretty good.
Like our line has some good chemistry again.
We're getting some points, whatever.
And I feel really good.
And he goes, I fucking hate how you're playing.
And I go, this is like the stuff he does.
I'm like, what do you mean?
And I don't understand.
He goes, listen, you think I care about you getting points?
I don't care.
If everybody on their team doesn't want to rip your face off every game,
you don't mean anything to me.
You have to play like that and loop it back.
That's what Lou and him were trying to get to.
And I was young.
I didn't realize it until later in my career.
It's just a matter of knowing how big I was,
how strong I was, but start to lean on that.
Be a bully on the ice.
And I didn't know it as a young player.
So you'd say naturally you didn't have a mean...
I didn't have that, no.
I mean, I did once...
You got it, I feel like.
Lou used to always tell me, like, once you snap, once you snap, look out.
But we want that to happen a lot sooner.
And not just fighting.
Just like I decide, like, I'm going to physically whatever.
And I think, you know, I was talking to Brandon Carlo the other day and said the same thing to him.
Like, that's why I know it's with his game right now yeah like he's got all of
a sudden i think he's realized like i'm big i'm strong they can't stop me and he's starting to
play that way it's just some people don't naturally have it in him it takes a little bit more and
what's funny about lou and what i've heard about pat burns is i would almost guarantee the first
meeting they had after the cup win the next you know summer to get ready for camp they were
probably like no matter what Rupp does,
it's not going to be good enough early.
He wins the cup.
It ain't coming in where he's going to be like, oh, I'm a big dog now.
The way things ended, you probably think the kid thinks he's got it all figured out.
And I didn't.
I was a pretty quiet rookie, young player.
I was just like, I just wanted to make the team.
And so it was  Lou was  it's one of those things you don't appreciate till later on.
At the time, I didn't like it.
I didn't like him.
I'll say this.
I hated being the guy where everyone on the other team was like, this guy is a fucking loser.
Whereas like, I'm not a bad guy, but the paychecks are so good.
You have to put that mask on.
I didn't mind protecting my teammates and being that guy.
But to be the guy where you're basically going up,
snowing the goalie.
Yeah, but that's how I don't know how it was for you,
but when I had a fight because of something,
like if a teammate got run, I would maul the guy.
If it was a casual where nothing's going on,
let's go, I'd get pumped.
I wouldn't win.
I wouldn't win those fights i can
never win those fights uh you won one of them against bugsy when you're like bugsy
that's because he came running at me he came running at me like he's a linebacker trying
to sack the quarterback and i just popped him with one but uh yeah no i mean that was something
that i had to learn and and lou uh you know i learned it later on but he got it going in my head there
early was Bernsie the best coach you played for was he your favorite coach throughout your course
of your career stuff he was he was good um he was he was really good at manipulating those
situations always managing the room and making sure no one was getting too cocky torts was
actually really good like that too I really liked torts I was a big fan of Dan Bilesma
um I really liked his
game i felt like hockey was fun again when i started playing for him um yeah he did make it
fun i had like a practice with him but i remember he was high he was high energy he was coming off
of that cup win right so yeah no pressure was kind of off he won one in his first year was
basically like you no but when he came in he like right away when terry was gone he came in i was there
for one game he was all energy and positivity correct and and and from talking to others and
this is not a knock on him at all it it dwindled it dwindled the fun dwindled where like all of a
sudden like man that's that's a natural thing and i wouldn't say the ego in a negative sense where
that grows a little bit and all of a
sudden like you could become your own caricature almost yeah we're in in reality i forget who was
on the podcast oh i was interviewing sean burke the interview hasn't dropped yet but he goes man
it's it's about the players yeah like like and and we didn't have to allude to it but i mean
of course he was referencing babcock where like i i think he thinks he's a
bigger piece than he is yeah it's just like you're the fucking coach it's just like he thinks he has
to have this master plan and he's in control and he's the ultimately the big master puppeteer where
it's like bro put your fucking put matthews out there 20 minutes and just stay behind there's
there's that fine line of like so my my experience with Bilesma was just that
after they won the cup.
And I remember this guy would come on the ice before practice.
It would be this Tuesday run-of-the-mill practice.
And he has his glasses.
He'd come on the ice, grab a water bottle,
and just take a sip and just douse himself with it.
Like, wow, wow, let's go, boy.
Like, for practice.
He loved talking.
And so I was like, yes yes this guy's fun to play with
or play for but i i think after a while just like a disciplinarian coach comes in you start like
that doesn't work anymore probably doesn't work in that aspect so he had to adjust the way he
was coaching and maybe players didn't respond the way they did right away well and and remember um
todd richards was the head coach in wilkes-Barre and was doing an unbelievable job.
And Bilesman was an incredible assistant because he had that fun attitude.
He would come in the locker room before a game sometimes
and dunk his head in the water cooler
as an assistant coach.
But he was an incredible assistant coach.
So Todd Richards ends up getting the job in Minnesota.
So Bilesman gets promoted to head coach from assistant.
Well, guess what? The dream that todd richards was waiting for opens up all of a sudden opens up three or two months into
the next season and you can't we can't be remiss to the guy they replaced you know yeah ran them
into the ground so this was a breath of fresh air when dan's coming in it was bobbing for apples
it was like boys like i'm just here you guys do your thing and and they did and they to the ground. So this was a breath of fresh air when Dan's coming in. He's bobbing for apples before the game.
It was like, boys,
I'm just here.
You guys do your thing.
And they did.
I mean, I remember
Tarion by the end of it
was trying to play
like a one, two, two,
like stay in the neutral zone
type forecheck.
Just dump it in
and then literally
Evgeny Malcolm
just standing in the neutral zone
being a stationary forechecker.
Like, come on here.
Yelling guys' numbers with their names.
Yeah, so it wasn't fitting there.
And then Biles went up.
I feel like he had that charisma and fun attitude,
and he was the same way in the minors.
But I don't know.
It just hasn't seemed to work out as a head coach for him
where maybe he is better suited to be an assistant.
Yeah.
We were just talking about your cup experience.
In case we didn't make it clear to our listeners, did score the cup clinching goal in 2003 i don't know if we actually expressly said
that just for people listening which is dynamite i want to ask you how do you not think about that
all the time especially this time yeah like you must i mean like especially now where you're
covering the cup he was at hurricanes he's saying mike up yeah i had the game win goal game seven
2003 he introduces himself that way you know what it's funny though re because i i as a player i mean yeah it's great you don't
really think about it um i think now the hardest thing now even still and at times i you know when
we're at these remotes and this is my fifth stanley cup final covering since i've been done
i don't watch much of it in the building.
I'm in the production trailer, and like yesterday I got in there,
and I've watched, I remember when it was Tampa, Chicago,
our set was in the building, and I was in there.
It's hard.
It's hard because, listen, I'm not rooting for either team,
but let's use an example.
In game one, when Torrey Crew goes and he has that hit
and just runs over Robert Thomas, I feel like a player again.
I literally start sweating on the bench.
I'm standing up and I'm back and forth.
You just start getting a little antsy there.
I'm thinking for how good it would be to be on the Bruins side,
but I'm also thinking from the way that the business you and i played is man if i'm on st louis right now you
got i'm you got to do something here we got to push back i'm not saying do anything stupid but
we got to we got to have something the i mean this the garden was buzzing yeah and those situations
are hard um i i rather watch it outside the building because of that but uh really yeah
yeah it just i don't know uh we're going to talk about it during the building because of that. Really? Yeah. I don't know.
We're going to talk about it during the episode if you haven't already heard it.
But, I mean, Grinelli, I was sitting with him,
and that was my first experience at a live hockey game,
just sitting there and enjoying the full game in a long time,
maybe even before I was drafted.
And that was my first time ever at a live Stanley Cup game
where when they were playing the pregame promo
when Bobby Orr was going through the air,
I was crying in my seat.
Now, I was on the second deck,
so we talked about altitude does affect
your level of sensitivity.
That's a fact.
That's a fact.
That's a fact.
That's why he cries on every plane ride
after he gets laid in the bathroom on the plane.
I was stuffing my face with chicken fingers
watching it, and I started crying.
I was like, Grinnelli didn't see it because I hit it pretty good,
but I get emotional because you grew up dreaming about that moment,
and you fucking got to do it.
It's crazy.
Yeah, it's nuts.
You know, it's one of those things, too.
I don't want to say something like that.
When you talk about some of those games are just things happen.
I mean, I actually probably only about three years ago
went back and watched the game.
Our line, we could have had like, you know,
I had a goal and two assists,
and Friesen had two goals.
We could have had two or three other.
It was just one of those nights
like the puck was just finding you.
The puck was finding you.
Anybody you touched went down.
Like it was just, it never is like that
and it was like that
in that game
except for J.S. Jick
yeah he was unbelievable
that series
yeah won the consmite
in a losing squad
no way
that was the year
yeah
they're like
the consmite goes to
and Ruppers
is kind of inching forward
it's like
Scott Stevens grabs
and he's like
what are you doing
Ruppers is like
I thought it was pretty good.
I got a good Scotty Stevens one from the finals to tell you.
This is a good one.
Work with Scotty now as you do at NHL Network.
And Scotty's great.
He's so intense.
So intense.
I remember I would sit there and Scotty on the bus.
Scotty was a veteran guy.
We called him Dad.
And he would sit towards the front of the bus.
He's one of those veteran guys who would sit towards the front,
didn't want to deal with all the riffraff in the back.
And, you know, he'd read a book or whatever.
And I was a rookie, so I was doubling up in the middle part of the bus.
And so Scotty literally sat where Witt is right now,
across from me in the aisle.
And if you remember in game six, that's when he hit Paul Correa.
And Correa comes back.
Scores.
Scores.
And enforces game seven.
And I remember sitting on the bus, and Scotty has his glasses on
and really astute, smart-looking, sitting there reading.
His light's on, and I'm sitting there.
Is this post-game, sorry?
Post-game, going back to the airport.
So we're flying back to Jersey for seven.
I'm looking at Scotty, and I'm like, I just lean across the aisle,
and I'm like, hey, Scotty, you got him pretty good, huh?
And Scotty goes, you know what, Rupert?
He's like, I actually let up at the last second.
And I'm leaning in the aisle, and he goes, I let up the last second. And go i'm in i'm like leaning in the aisle and i'm like he goes he goes i i let up the last thing and i'm like oh okay and i'm like are you i was like i i'm like
i mean i'm glad paul crea is you know i he literally could have killed him yeah that's
how bad i thought he was dead before the breath came to the half shield he said he came back to
life i was like oh my god he's dead he's john snow out there yeah and he's scotty just just the lethal scotty just like i i i let up last
second he just goes back to read his book i'm like holy shit glad i'm glad he's on my team
jesus now speaking of the copy hair cover obviously for the nhl network what was your
what was your take on game one last night well monday night boston what was your pick before the series i picked boston in the series by pick st louis game one oh yeah wow so uh you know what the the
game you knew you're going to get i hate when people talk about the rest and blah blah blah
you knew you weren't going to get boston sharp in the first and you're up to nothing you got you
gotta step on their throat there you have to you gotta find a way to close that game out and you're up two not that you got you gotta step on their throat there you have to you
gotta find a way to close that game out and you know st louis took those penalties boston started
going and then boston was they they looked unstoppable probably the last 35 minutes of
that game so um it was it was awesome i love the way the biggest thing i took from it is i loved
how my my big question mark was you've got two
you got two selkie finalists in o'reilly and bergeron and that doesn't happen very often in
the finals matching up but the big thing to me was how how was it's a lot on bergeron's plate
because not only does he have to be the shutdown guy he's got to drive offense ryan o'reilly's on their second line they can win with ryan o'reilly not providing that much offense as long as he's
slowing down their top line i think once the series goes to st louis o'reilly will be out
there all the time with bergeron um so that that was a big thing for me is like how is how is
bergeron i mean this guy if i was starting a franchise i he'd be a tough one not to start it
with and uh um so i think he can handle it he has handled those things but that's a big thing on I mean, this guy, if I was starting a franchise, he'd be a tough one not to start it with.
So I think he can handle it.
He has handled those things,
but that's a big thing on those guys' plates.
But I love Bruce Cassidy.
The way he uses that Corrali line,
I mean, that's putting your balls on the table.
You're like, fourth line?
Okay, cool.
Halfway through that game,
that Corrali line got the Shen line.
That's the matchup.
At one point, they were double shifting, and I even said it to granelli i said fucking rights when they're right them and and
jokingly we talked about it in the vitality interview is like man if if one line's really
going and the matchup's favorable to them and they just have their legs at night it's like you in in
game seven everything was going right everything they were touching was fucking falling down or
every pass they made was on the tape when you give when you give guys a job in this league and you
say listen i played when i was in jersey there was jay pandolfo john madden and sergey breland
was on their wing a lot but they had a kind of a revolving right wing it was like their job was
just shut the other team down shut their top line line down. So it's much easier if,
I don't know what happens inside that locker room,
but say Cassidy pulls the Corrali group aside
and said, guys, listen, you have one job.
I'm going to put you out there with these guys,
make life miserable for them.
And if that's your only job,
I'm pumped because that's a huge piece in the series.
And you're going to do it.
So now this allows,
you can't really say that to Bergeron
because that's not his only job. His only job is to do everything. So now this allows, like, you can't really say that to Bergeron.
Because that's not his only job.
His only job is to do everything.
Yeah, swiss army knife. Yeah, so, like, what, if they can keep going with this and be successful,
I just can't see St. Louis beating them.
Bergeron's like, don't just give me one job.
You know who you're talking to?
Well, and they snuck out a win without having Bergeron's line to really produce.
Yeah, that's true. Which is exactly what helped them in the beginning of the Columbus series, too. And they snuck out a win without having Bergeron's line to really produce.
And that, to me, was the major concern. Which is exactly what helped them in the beginning of the Columbus series, too.
It's like they're winning games when they don't even have this dominant line going.
And then that line goes, and then they really crush teams.
So you're up 2-0 on the road, game one.
And the best line in the National Hockey League is, except for the empty netter, off the scoreboard.
You have to win that game
you have to
I was live as I mentioned
the Edmondson's
reaction to Backus going down
on the high stick tells me that
he in fact didn't get hit with a high stick
and he faked it
I said the same thing
he wouldn't have flipped out like that
he knows if he got him
Edmondson is
is like
old school
as they come
where
if he did it
he'd be like
alright
his reaction right away
and the crowd even started
getting even crazier and crazier
being like
oh fucking shut up
you've high-sticked him
I'm like no he didn't
there's no way
because when you're there
and you couldn't see on the replay
that he didn't get him
you know
this opens up a good conversation and I want your opinion on it is there a certain code that that
back is kind of betrayed by by by faking it or are you a in a mindset where you're like whatever
it takes to get that fucking trophy i i think you do whatever whatever you i mean you're you're
tonal line i mean if they watch that and we've watched
it and i i haven't seen an angle that shows a hundred percent in him but i agree with you i
don't think it really got him now you know these referees it's a small community there you need
calls that's why i was kind of hard on marchand earlier in the playoffs with some of the antics
he was doing because i'm like you're going to need not even a call to go your way you're going to need one not to be called
against you they're not going to give you back to the day on the next one right yeah so just that
little just the antics that he was doing is stepping on the stick yeah and the hit in the
back of the head i mean they're just dumb little things and and that's and they make the officials
not look they don't look good all that does to an official is it mocks them.
And they're leaving there like, fuck this guy.
You know what I mean?
Nothing.
He ain't getting the benefit of the doubt from now on.
So that's the thing.
He's cleaned it up since then.
But this is one of those things, too.
You're toeing a line there if you're David Backus.
Because if the replay is like, oh, you're not even close to touching him.
What was it, Dallas?
It was Lindell.
Lindell.
Lindell does that it wasn't
that and then everyone's complaining though about the the maroon remember how maroon got the the
winner because he shoved lindell in the back and i'm like you ain't getting a call buddy exactly
i'm gonna come back you made that bet earlier on so that's something i think he's that's a great
example the hockey gods took over on that one. Now, surprisingly, though, later in that game,
or maybe even midway through,
Marchand kind of gave Bennington a bump after a whistle.
Bennington also hit Backus with an elbow in the head.
It was like legit.
Time out.
Time out.
That's because when Backus, and listen, I've done this before.
It's anything to win.
Backus fell down beside him,
and he was driving his arm right into the back of his knee.
Watch the fucking replay.
And Binnington knew exactly what he was doing.
Made it look like he wasn't doing it.
Backus had done it once
and Binnington knew what he was doing and kind of
gave it the old, I know what you're doing.
Backus went back down again
on it. And that's when Binnington goes,
buddy, fuck off.
And got him with the elbow it's a game
within a game and and and and i get that they probably thought oh that's why i didn't get the
penalty on the marshall thing whether that happened before or after but marshall went up and legitimately
legitimately bumped bennington last night i'm okay with that all right that's him sure that's
what he does but those are the things where i'm like fuck he kind of always gets away with this
fucking guy and the back is the original one we're talking about.
I can see doing that because the hands get up here.
Just one of those.
Just one of those.
I might get a call.
It's almost like natural.
But in the end, Edmonton was so mad because he knows.
He's probably the only one that knows.
I didn't fucking hit you there.
Would you guys agree?
And since we're on the topic, I think that Boston got the slight advantage on officiating last night.
Because I always like to lay that on the line
for maybe potential future calls
where I like to keep one in the bank for Boston right now
where I feel like...
Go ahead.
I don't know.
I didn't feel like...
I mean, it was...
Yeah, I mean, that one was a little suspect.
What about the hit along the boards?
I felt like he wasn't along the wall
and that was a legal check to the back area in open play.
Yeah, I don't know.
I mean, it's tough to say.
I don't want to say that because I think St. Louis was the slower team
that was you're playing catch-up, and you're going to lose some stuff.
You know what I mean?
And they weren't in control, and they weren't in control of themselves.
So, I don't know.
That didn't really stand out to me as being too much. The referees didn in control of themselves. So, I don't know. That didn't really stand out to me as being too much.
The referees didn't play into that too much, I don't think.
The good thing is they didn't execute on those power plays.
So, that can't be used as an excuse.
Boston should have won that hockey.
Yeah, the one they did score at McAvoy,
it wasn't like a traditional power play that you used to.
He just, you know, ripped it and ripped it.
But I want to go back to Bennington for a minute.
You know, he made some really nice saves. He wasn't the the reason they lost but what did you think of his overall play i thought
he was off a smidge i thought he wasn't tracking pucks well a couple of them he clearly didn't see
they went over his head he obviously a couple posts i want to see what your take was on his
overall play yeah i i the mcavoy one goes off a deflection but i i still think that's one he
should have his body language indicate as much too
yeah what was the was the other one that chara shot from the point that was the was that the
corral when when it hit him in the chest he should have that and he gives up a rebound that's when a
charge turns around throws it on net i mean those are ones that he's got to swallow up my thing that
i'm when i'm watching him in the game and jordan binnington we all know about his soundbite when he said do i look nervous and he just doesn't look like he has a heartbeat which
is great for a goalie right uh he was slamming his head down slamming a stick last night or on
monday night so i don't know does that how does he respond to that i mean the last time we saw him
doing that was the hand pass situation yeah against san jose and then he dialed it back in yeah and i
was like and i remember from there, I'm like,
I've never seen this kid show emotion.
Is this going to be something that's going to make him go in a tailspin?
He rebounded.
So this was another time I'm like,
wow, he doesn't really react like this usually.
He did, so we'll see how he responds.
Definitely a lot more animated for sure.
Oh, I completely agree.
I use that as an example when I didn't know what was going to happen
after he lost on the hand pass.
I'm like, that could be a pivotal moment here.
I was concerned for St. Louis after that, but after that he kind of took over.
Berube said we'll be way better Wednesday night.
So if you're watching the Blues since January 3rd,
you've got to believe that they're actually going to bring it.
They've come back after losses phenomenally well all spring.
The one concern that I would have, not if I'm Boston, but I'm the team,
you're not thinking about that, save for Bruins fans.
If Winston Lewis gets in the offensive zone, they are fine.
They just can't get there.
There's no tape to tape out of the zone.
No, a lot of just chip it.
You know, and Bruin talked about going north going north
going north well it's fine but i mean wait are you play d man when when the guys are on you quick
and your forwards are just worried about getting north like that's kind of hard we need someone to
give it to you we can't go off the glass all the time and when you're doing that you know you're
not going to gain speed into the zone it's going to be lucky to maybe chip it again and get by a
defenseman just get set up and that was my one concern and and fuck this is how much i'm out of it did dunn
play last night nope no that was that i mentioned that coming into the series they need they needed
that i know because gunnarsson can't snap it like he can't snap it around so they need a guy who can
maybe be a one-man breakout yep and and yeah, that's going to hurt them.
What do the Blues need to do, Robert,
to keep this series from getting away from them?
I mean, I think if they go down 2-0,
it's going to be a tough task to have to beat them four out of five.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think it's  I'm interested to see.
I think they can do a better  well, we just talked about when they're in the offensive zone, they're fine.
They can't get there, and they couldn't get there enough.
I'm interested to see.
I mean, Tuca was okay,
but I don't know if he was really on top of his game in game one either.
Tested.
He wasn't tested, but, you know, even on whatever.
So my thing is with those big bodies, dude, you guys got to get in the zone
because this is the one team that can maybe make life miserable for Tuca.
And so it's about they got to get the puck in the zone. They've got to get in the zone because this is the one team that can maybe make life miserable for Tuca.
And so it's about they got to get the puck in the zone.
They've got to spend more time in there.
They got to get out of their zone cleaner.
It's not about going north all the time.
You eventually need to have some options for your D.
The D are out on an island.
They get the puck D to D, and they've got Noel Achari barreling in on them or Sean Crowley.
It's like, holy shit,
just shovel it. I mean, that's the right play for them.
But the forwards, you got to come back. One of your centermen
come low, something. Give them an
out. And going north
makes sense, but you got to have control
going north. It's like if you're just taking off
trying to get it up there, you got to bring it up there.
Then you chip it and then you've got
you got Gryzlik or Krug or one of these
guys just wheel back and whoop, right back out.
And, of course, the forward check obviously comes into play.
But overall, they had, what, 11 days to prepare for this?
So that's one thing they just may have caught on video.
I know that doesn't have the same impact as football, maybe watching video and having time to prepare.
But, hey, that could be one thing that they notice about them, and they're just kind of taken away.
Oh, I'm sure that they said there's three guys on the Blues blue line
who don't make great tape-to-tape passes.
So let's get on them.
And if that's the case and they're chipping it out, we're going to run.
Love it.
Well, Rupert, dude, thank you so much for coming on.
We could spend an hour just with your career,
but I appreciate you talking the series.
And I'll be interested to see how this thing goes. I know bruins are your pick did you pick a game six i picked uh
i picked six games yeah that looks like it could be i just want to see i just want to see uh i want
to see a long series yeah i don't know i don't like seeing quick ones so joe vitale thought it
was going to be a blue sweep what an idiot okay joey that interview was also brought to you by
robin hood robin hood is an investing app that lets you buy and sell stocks etfs options and
cryptos all commission free while other brokerages charge up to ten dollars for every trade robin
hood doesn't charge any commission fees so you can trade stocks and keep all your profits plus
there is no account minimum deposit needed to get started so you can start investing at any level. The simple, intuitive design of
Robinhood makes investing easy for newcomers and experts alike. View easy-to-understand charts and
market data and place a trade in just four taps on your smartphone. You can also view stock
collections, such as 100 Most Popular. And with Robinhood, you can learn how to invest in the
market as you build your portfolio.
Discover new stocks, track your favorite companies,
and get custom notifications for price movements
so you never miss the right moment to invest.
Robinhood is giving listeners of Spit and Chicklets a free stock
like Apple, Ford, or Sprint to help build your portfolio.
Sign up at chicklets.robinhood.com.
Big thanks once again to our pal Mike Rupp.
Enjoyed having him in person.
Great guy to talk to.
Got some great stories.
And again, man, if I was him, I'd walk around with a T-shirt that says,
I scored a cup-clinching goal every day of the week.
Boys.
And I told R.A.
He doesn't need to do that.
That's why they give up Stanley Cup rings.
And then when they ask, where you got the ring, then you explain the story.
That's very true.
Good point. They're getting too big to wear the story. That's very true. Good point.
They're getting too big to wear, though.
That's a take I have.
Yeah, they are a little too ostentatious, but I like one myself.
Well, there's a new guy who can add his name to such lore of Stanley Cup game-winning goals.
Game two of the Stanley Cup final at TD Garden.
I'm getting screwed up in the days.
Wednesday night, the St. Louis Blues suffocated the Boston Bruins,
and Kyle Gunnison scored.351 in OT on a delayed penalty to give the Notes a 3-2 win.
And they leave Boston with what they came for, a series split.
Oh, I mean, where do I begin?
Our seats.
Oh, unbelievable.
So I don't know.
Who got them for us, Ryan?
Well, Wags set it up so we could buy them, right?
You know, COD.
But it turns out we walk in.
It was me, you, and then two of my buddies from home, big-time Bruins fans.
And we are dead middle of the Blues family section.
All the wives, all the mothers, all the family all around us.
I was like, oh, boy, I got money on the Bruins.
This could get ugly.
And my friends are huge Bruins fans.
But, Biz, it was good that we had you there.
You were really rooting for the Blues the whole time.
It kind of evened us out.
Yeah, and I met Bobby, you know, Ortuzzo's parents.
They were sitting right behind us.
Mrs. You know, you know, you know.
You know, you know.
Who else was in front of us?
Ryan O'Reilly's parents were in front of us.
Great people.
Jay Bomeester's sister and her husband.
Yeah, great people.
It was a great section.
It was not really aggressive.
The good thing is after the game,
we were kind of in the midst of their section,
and nobody threw anything on us.
So Boston Bruins fans were very classy
and not throwing food on us.
I would consider that a level of class for them.
Yeah, I agree with that.
Although I will say that game started off just 1-0 Bruins.
The place is buzzing, and it changed so quickly.
It was 2-2 high scoring.
You thought it might be an 8-goal game.
Next thing you know, Biz, would you say that game was going to end again?
I said it was going to end 3-2 Blues.
I didn't say overtime.
I don't think I needed to.
No?
I got the exact score.
I thought you did.
No, I didn't say overtime.
I believe somebody did predict overtime.
I did.
I said Bruins 2-1 in overtime.
Close to that.
Close enough.
Other than the winner and the squall, yeah.
Just some timely goals by St. Louis.
Boston gets the momentum.
And it had a very similar feel to game one, just the opposite.
Yeah, I thought it was a game St. Louis needed, and they got it.
I mean, they beat the Bs handily.
They clogged up neutral zone.
The Bruins, like, danced into the neutral zone game one last night.
Tonight, they couldn't get anything going, man.
And I thought a huge part of the game was losing Grislyk, man.
I mean, he took that hit from Sundquist.
Now, he only got two minute penalties.
That was a dirty hit.
It was a very dirty hit.
I think there's a chance that he gets suspended for that hit.
I would agree with that.
You know, I mean, and like you said, Biz, the last thing the rest probably wanted to do
was give St. Louis not only, tip, well, give them another penalty,
but then a five-minute major.
Well, not to interrupt, that hit was in the corner Biz and I were sitting in.
There's no chance watching that live the way we were.
You could give that a five-minute major.
It was one of those plays where that quickly it didn't look that bad.
And then once you see the replay,
especially really slowed down,
which I know changes everything,
but what happens is when the puck's gone,
Sundquist, is it Sundquist?
Yeah, whatever, hold on.
He looks at him and he's looking right at his numbers
in the back of his head and finishes that hit into his head.
Head into the glass, for sure concussion.
I mean, there was no doubt the way he was getting off the ice.
And all of a sudden, you know what?
It was a two-minute penalty, and my buddy said, if they kill this,
Biz, it was you.
I'm sorry.
I thought it was the kid to my left, not to my right.
Biz said, if they kill this, they just knocked a D-man out.
They got five D-men left, and the power play didn't matter.
And they did.
In the famous words of Iceland, I believe it was in Mighty Ducks 2,
two minutes well worth it.
Does that one know what the guy says?
Yeah, it was.
That was pretty good.
How did you just remember that?
As much as a movie guy I am, Mighty Ducks, we went over this years ago.
I didn't watch the Mighty Ducks until, I think, two years ago was the first time I saw it.
Because you probably tried out for it and didn't get it.
You've been rattled since. No, like hour wait list and like Chelsea um yeah uh and and
listen I always like to go over especially now that we only have to focus on one series
I would I would say that the the game was evilly officiated because that St. Louis got the bounce
of the fact that that wasn't a five minuteminute major, but they did get a call early,
and then they even got a call late,
and Boston had an opportunity to close that game out
with a power play in the third period
when they gave it to Shen for a slash on the stick,
when in fact, he didn't even get his stick.
It was just, I think it was, was it Acharo?
Achari.
Achari, yeah.
Acharo's, he's the guy that was sitting next to us in the stands. I think it was Acharo? Achari. Acharo's, he's a guy
that was sitting next to us in the stands. I think
it was the brother-in-law.
But you guys, now that you're
at the game, you realize it's tough to no replay
man. We don't have the benefit of
replaying. It sucks.
In our defense, I guess, tonight. We talked about
it when we were outside just talking
about hockey between periods, RA.
Simply doing that and nothing else.
Yes, yes.
We weren't taking advantage of anything.
We weren't taking advantage of the media credentials.
But it is so difficult in real time,
without seeing these replays on television, to make up my mind.
I would have needed a second look at the goalie interference penalty
early on that St. Louis got.
When, I believe, was it Blair?
Yeah.
He ran in, and I was questioning it as well as you were as a Bruin fan.
I'm not a Bruin fan.
Well, I think you picked them in the series to win.
Yeah, fair enough. Taking your bias out of it, you were like, I didn't think that was a penalty.
Now, R.A. said from his vantage point, he thought that was an automatic goal interference.
Sorry, quickly before you go.
I didn't say it wasn't a penalty by the rules it was.
I'm saying that penalty I have issues with because watching that play live, plays, blah, whatever it is.
I don't know who he walked wide, but it was an incredible play.
He just buried his shoulder and was really
quick. And you're like, this is such a nice play.
And he's trying to cut in. Where do you go?
It's a weird rule.
And I know if you hit the goalie now, it's a penalty
no matter what. But on a really skilled
play to beat a defenseman wide, he had
nowhere else to go. So sometimes
I'm like, I don't know what they can
do other than run into the goalie.
But yes, it was a penalty if you look at the rulebook, and that's what you said, R.A.
Right.
I mean, I had a pretty decent look at it.
It was down my end.
And, I mean, I said it right away.
It was all goaltender interference.
And just for the record, I called Connor Clifton's penalty, too, just so people don't think I'm taking sides.
It was like, oh, wow, that's blatant goaltender interference.
I don't think Duke really embellished it.
I mean, he got hit.
I know you're saying, where's he got to go?
Well, that's not Rask's fault. Rask is
where he's supposed to be by the rules. And I
know a lot of people say, oh, he's out of the crease. But
that doesn't matter if he's in or
out of the crease. You can't hit the goalie.
That's the rule. That's not my rule. That's the NHL's
rule. Hey, guys, before we go any further,
I want to talk to you about policy genius for
a second. There's a widely held belief
that procrastination is a bad thing.
But life isn't so
black and white. Sometimes procrastination can work in your favor. For example, if you need life
insurance, but you've been putting it off, congratulations, you've managed to procrastinate
long enough for technology to make it easy. Policy Genius is the easy way to shop for insurance
online. In just two minutes, you can compare quotes from top insurers to find for your best price.
And Policy Genius doesn't just make life insurance easy.
They can also help you find the right home insurance, auto insurance, and disability insurance.
So if you need life insurance but you've been busy doing literally anything else, check out Policy Genius.
It's the easy way to compare all the top insurers and find the best value for you.
PolicyGenius.com.
Nobody wants to shop a life insurance.
That's why we made it easy.
I would say that officiating was very even tonight.
I had no issues with it at all.
And I think the better team won.
And we mentioned the similarities between game one and two,
just the opposite, is I felt in the second half of that game
that St. Louis really took over.
They limited Boston.
I can't even, as a guy who played hockey i i don't know what st louis did differently or maybe it was just that was boston was just off and not clicking tonight but they just st louis
slowed boston down to their own pace they were exactly as advertised by berube when he said
we will be a different team in game
two and they were yeah they mocked it up and they played a great road game you know they came and
played a it wasn't the maybe the aesthetically maybe the prettiest hockey but who gives a fuck
when you're trying to win this daily cup you don't care about pretty you care about winning and they
did what they needed to do tonight they mocked it up and they got they escaped down to w in a split
they did exactly what all Blues fans
would say that they thought was
going to happen and how they were going to play. Because all
year when they've had to win, when
they've faced that end of the line
type scenario where you're like, alright,
this game is so important. Boom, they get it done.
It was no different tonight. And what's
so funny about the beginning
of the game, you know, the Bruins go up 1-0
tied up by Bertuzzo.
They go up 2-1 on a nice little play by Nordstrom,
kind of a bad shift by Perron.
But you know what happens then?
The puck goes along the wall in the Blues defensive zone.
Tarasenko picks it up.
I lean over to Biz.
Literally, as he gets galloping through the new zone,
I go, he's got to start doing something.
What does he do?
He makes this incredible rush.
I think he passed it over to Schwartz.
Schwartz or O'Reilly.
Either way.
Schwartz.
Schwartz gets the shot on net.
And goes back to him.
Either way, Tarasenko on his knees.
Roofs it.
Unbelievable goal.
Right in front of us.
And you're like, wow.
This guy just picked it up.
Because you didn't see him at all.
I mean, game one he had the goal.
But it was a complete turn.
Yeah.
And all of a sudden
it's like this guy needs to go and that goal
really was like they're not going away here.
He was a game changer and that's
what he needs to be. Great play
for those of you who saw it
by Schwartz.
He knew the passing
option wasn't there. I'm assuming the defender
knew he was probably going to look to go to Tarasenko
but he didn't shoot that
puck high. It was a POP,
a pass off the pads
perfectly right to Tarasenko.
Tarasenko got the first crack
at it, and what amazed me was his
ability to track that puck off
the initial shot, get
stopped, and get good wood on it
on the backhand, enough to elevate
that puck into the net goal
scores goal um once again a great response by the blues and and man they and then from that
really from that moment the grizzly moment like you notice the shift just in their play overall
and and um man i mean i guess we'll start now. The big boys for Boston just seem a bit off.
And Marshy hasn't looked like Marshy.
Yeah, the top line.
I mean, you've got to call them out right now.
Bergeron, Marchand, Pasternak haven't really done shit.
I know they got the empty net the other night,
but that was unassisted.
Marchand turned, flung it into the net.
They didn't do anything that game.
I know St. Louis' checkers are good.
They're doing a good job.
O'Reilly's one of the top defensive centers in the league.
But they've got to fight through it.
They have to do something.
I mean, you can't be that good all year and then disappear this time of year.
So also, too, I noticed, and they did this frequently during the year,
they're always looking for that extra fucking pass.
They're always trying to be cute by two, cute by one.
It's just, you know, I know it's like, shoot, shoot.
We make fun of those people.
But there are a lot of times where the Bruins just look for that extra pass.
A lot of times with that line, they want that perfect goal.
And other times they should just shoot the fucking thing.
Whit.
You know what I'm looking at right now?
What?
Porn.
Patrice Bergeron.
Patrice Bergeron. Patrice Bergeron.
16 minutes in that game.
16 minutes, 16 seconds.
It's like Charlie Coyle played 19.
Not saying he doesn't deserve a lot of ice time, but something was just off.
And you noticed at times they weren't out there together.
Crate Hughes with Pasternak for a couple shifts.
It was like that line.
Not only were they not out there together a lot,
but nothing seemed to be going great for for any of them no cohesion even when they were on
different lines it was and this is exactly what happened at the beginning of that columbus series
and you were like all right they're like they're in trouble here and then something clicked so
it's not a panic but if you're looking at the two home games where you know you get a win for sure
but for the old road team to split they consider that a win after two games and your first line hasn't done anything it's like
all right we're kind of getting in that desperation mode again and a perfect opportunity for that top
line who as we mentioned wasn't that great in game one they didn't muster up the empty netter
but uh binnington didn't have a great night tonight. He let in two softies.
On the ice, five holes.
And what's amazing and is something that Joe Vitale said when he was on the podcast
was all season long when something just hasn't been going,
something else was there to elevate the team.
And tonight, early on, it was a fairly even game.
And to me, I truly believe that that St. Louis bench was like,
listen, Binnington has done a lot for us in this stretch since January.
He is not kicking tonight.
We need to take over this game.
And they did.
They limited him in the final two periods to how many shots on net.
And you don't want to get  the players were the ones,
the Blues players were the ones that
were getting it done but you you got to look at their coaching staff and say that ruby said we're
going to be so much better in game two and what did they do they did exactly what they've done
they just slowed the game down the bruins are a much faster team than the blue than the blues
there's a lot of teams in the nhl that are faster than the blues they're not a fast team they're not
a team that you think of team speed overall up front or on the D side.
But they're able to just like clog things up and make it a game that they can then compete
and out battle you, almost out control the puck offensively.
Like Maroon tonight, Biz, we said it.
He was awesome.
He looked great because he kept getting the puck down low.
And when he gets it behind the net, either he's able to spin off people because he's so big,
or sometimes he gets left alone and he makes really good passes to the front of the net.
So he had time to kind of get in his groove down low, where in game one, because of the PK, he didn't.
So everything turned around in St. Louis' flavor.
Flavor.
Flavor.
Wearing the clock around his neck.
I saw a guy with a clock around his neck at the game tonight.
No joke.
So I just think that the way they did things was they slowed it down.
They made it tough to get through the neutral zone.
And what you said is true, that it was the exact opposite scenario of game one.
I think it would be rude not to mention Steen.
I thought he was excellent tonight.
Kind of a foreshadow of the way the Blues played all game
where they were able to get that guy first in on the forecheck,
disrupt the passer enough where they were
the Bees were turning it over a lot tonight.
Yeah.
And they were turning it a lot just inside their own blue line.
And sure as shit, I know you guys like when I say that,
I think Steen had just stepped on the ice, and he was a fresh body.
And the F1 four-checker was on the B's defenseman, who I believe was Carlo.
And he ends up, or it might even have been the winger,
but he ends up trying to get it out because of the pressure on him.
Hits Steen right in the chest.
Steen's able to keep that puck in.
He makes a nice little burst to the net, gets hauled down,
and that's when they had the delayed call.
They ended up scoring on that play, smart play by Petrangelo
to get in front of the net and set up that screen for Gunnarsson,
a guy we talked about, a great guy, even keel, who steps in the lineup.
Were we expecting him to score a goal?
Absolutely not.
Ends up wiring his first point home in the last 21 games. Wow. And were we expecting him to score a goal? Absolutely not.
Ends up wiring his first point home in the last 21 games.
Very interesting quote here by Oscar Stunquist after the game.
He said Carl Gunnarsson saw Craig Berube, quote-unquote,
in the pisser between third and OT and told him all he needed was another chance.
Does he? Because he take it over?
Well, because in regulation, he just rung the post with a rocket.
Right where we were sitting, we didn't know if it went in or not,
but they were pretty adamant on the ice it was a post and out,
and they didn't even review it.
So they knew the guys on the ice that it didn't go in,
but he gets that second chance,
and we saw our angle
from where the shot came tuka couldn't see anything you you couldn't see tuka where we were sitting
right behind the shot there was no chance he could see the as soon as soon as i saw the cross screen
because we had the perfect angle it was like if he hits any of that open net it's game over and
interesting enough that carl gunnarsson was the third player all time to score his first career playoff goal
and have it be an OT winner in the Stanley Cup Finals.
He joined Brian Scroodland in 86 with the Canadians
and Cy Wentworth in 1931 from the Blackhawks.
And back then the Blackhawks was two different words.
They've combined it to one now.
That's how long ago Cy Wentworth scored.
So Gunnarsson, I mean, we all said they need Vince Dunn.
They need Vince Dunn.
But what happens?
The guy who's replacing him scores the biggest goal of his life.
And let me hop in here for an organic ad read.
It is the DHM All Natural Hangover Cure, dhmdetox.com.
You can follow them on Instagram as well.
Ask them any questions you need to about the all-natural hangover cure.
Listen, I'm not going to get too crazy on the science here, but long story short, there's one thing on the planet that is scientifically backed to cure hangovers, and it's a Chinese extract from a plant, and it's in this DHM detox.
extract from a plant and it's in this dhm detox and what it does is it literally you ingest it while you're drinking even a little bit before if you'd like two pills for every 10 drinks and that
plant extract actually breaks down the toxins to the alcohol before it hits your liver i like these
things i prevent the booze blues i feel way better after drinking the next day. I'm getting a little older now.
I'm not like you 21-year-old kids
running around just full of cum,
piss and vinegar,
and whatever else you're filled up with.
Four Loko, maybe.
But even if you are drinking Four Loko,
make sure you even drop in a few DHM detox
into your tummy,
and maybe you'll have enough energy
to get the kill.
So we're going to give you a Biz20 promo code, 20 off.
You're not going to swipe up because, remember,
this is an ad read on a podcast and it's not Instagram.
But I have been posting about these DHM detox pills on my Instagram.
But if you do see in there, swipe up.
Biz20 promo code, DHM detox, all-natural hangover cure.
That's all I got for you.
Now we're back to everything else
Boom, absolutely killed it
Yeah, I thought it was a little bit of a tough luck
Tough luck for Rask tonight
Last night
You know, the first goal
Hit Grizzly's stick
Went by
And then the second one
I'm sorry, the game winner
Completely screened on
You know, he didn't play bad
He doesn't really have to do anything different
Basically, the top six that Bruins has to play
Like the bottom six is playing right now.
I mean, Nordstrom had a strong game tonight.
He scored a goal.
I think he's got three goals in the playoffs.
I think he had three all season this year.
He's been stepping up.
Johansson, I thought he had another strong game tonight.
Coyle had another, I thought, another strong game.
Not as strong as the other night,
but compared to the rest of the lineup.
Also, shout out to the Bull Gang guys.
They wanted to take a picture with you guys tonight,
but we were all kind of separated, so we couldn't make it happen. Okay, well, I love the Bull Gang guys. They wanted to take a picture with you guys tonight, but we were all kind of separated, so we couldn't make
it happen. Okay, well, I love the Bull Gang
guys. I think that's great
what they do, but my main
complaint, and this isn't their fault, it just
reminded me, take
away the X's and O's, take away the two
teams on the ice, take away the refereeing.
That's the Stanley Cup
finals being played. That fucking
ice was so pathetic.
And you're sitting there and we're
watching the final 10 minutes
of the third period, even final 15 minutes.
You can't even pass
the puck. It's all snow.
And if you're watching on TV saying,
why is everyone struggling? It's because
the ice is pathetic. And it wasn't even
hot out in Boston today. It was 50 fucking
degrees all day
end of may it's still 50 degrees suck on that boston such a joke of a weather but i'm telling
you watching this game guys are pushing the puck up ice it's rolling on edge snow's collected on
their sticks they're trying to pass it it's slowing down so it's really upsetting i think
as a fan of the game and certainly as players that they're in the biggest games of their lives
and the ice is fucking horrible.
And, I mean, we talked about Boston's speed.
That's got to play a little bit of favor.
Yeah, they need fast ice.
Ironically, it might get in St. Louis.
I mean, I can't imagine the ice is worse there.
How would I want to word that?
I said that's got to play in a St. Louis' favor.
That's how I want to word it.
Those sound pretty good.
I mean, everyone knows it's nice in the weather time around here, right? Yeah, that's got to play in a St. Louis' favor. That's how I want it to work. Those sound pretty good. I mean, everyone knows it's nice in the weather time around here, right?
Yeah, that's true.
I don't think I said it right the first time,
but it slowed the game down and slowed Boston players down enough
where St. Louis was able to deliver 50 body checks tonight.
And how many shots did the Bruins end up with, 23?
Let's see.
Blues outshot them 37-23.
I mean, that's dumb.
I mean, that's...
They never had anything going.
No.
They never had anything.
They had that shot at the end of the game that Pasternak got.
Nice save by Bennington.
Kind of off a faceoff in the offensive zone.
But I don't remember any other great chances they even had.
Yeah.
I mean, I guess...
Late in the game.
If you're a Bees fan, I guess the silver lining you could take is that the bruins play like absolute dog shit for the most part
again credits are the blues checkers but they play like shit with only 5d and they still took
it the ot so i mean they if they play their brand the hockey you expect a big bounce back next game
i think the question needs to be asked guys yeah And I don't mean to get too serious on everyone here.
Did Dave Portnoy sponsoring the yellow towels jinx the Boston Bruins?
I'm not a big.
His teams have done pretty well. Actually, he's always saying no.
But has he ever sponsored a towel at an arena?
Actually, he's owing two towels now.
Am I on to something here?
Yeah.
Am I on to something? Yeah. He's owing two for towels now. Am I on to something here? Am I on to something?
He's 0-2 for towels.
It sounds like you might be, yeah.
Where was his other one when the Patriots lost to the Clowns?
With Goodell, yeah.
But speaking of, well, St. Louis had 37 shots on net.
They scored three goals.
That means Rask had 34 saves,
which means they gave out another winner before the game last night.
Got to get to that.
It wasn't an official corner.
We were running late with the radio and stuff.
I didn't actually look at my websites until about quarter of eight,
and I saw 26-and-a-half saves by Tuca.
There's no way St. Louis is fucking, you know, this season.
They're not going to go down 2-0.
Easy money.
Good luck to everybody who jumped on board.
Hopefully they made some dough.
I lost.
You lost tonight?
Yeah, I had the Bruins team total over 2.5.
That's a loss.
And I had the Bruins minus 160.
That's a loss.
And I always say I remove emotion from gambling,
but I guess I really don't all the time
because I won't bet against the Bruins, I guess,
especially in the Stanley Cup.
But I was on with our buddy Jamie Rivers.
I was on St. Louis radio on Wednesday afternoon.
And I said, look, I don't bet against the Bruins.
I said, but if I was a neutral party betting tonight, I would 100 take St. Louis.
They're a great bet tonight.
So I didn't do it, of course, because I just won't let me.
I'll be interested to see the line Saturday night.
So I guess I really fucking can't completely remove emotion.
What do you  I mean, listen, I smoked a little bit
of weed before this.
That's okay.
Did we mention the fact
of how big of an impact
the hit on Grizzly
and him being out
and them going down
to 5D
and how much that
might have thrown
off the rhythm?
I mentioned it
a few minutes ago,
but yeah,
I think that was
the key turning point.
But did we talk about
how all of a sudden,
like he's,
he was playing great
and now all of a sudden.
He's been struggling tonight. For a guy who's played well, he had a couple penalties. And now all of a sudden. And Clifton struggled tonight.
For a guy who's played well, he had a couple penalties.
He had that four-minute penalty.
And when you don't have your partner, right?
I mean, those were the guys playing together, playing well,
is that 5-6 unit.
It seemed like the Blues were really giving Clifton a hard time.
They were going at him and bugging him in his face.
So, I don't know.
I don't have much else to talk about, boys.
But this one's going
to be very interesting going into st louis i mean i'm personally i have no not too much skin in the
game here obviously i want st louis to win but i'd like to see another split in st louis and i want
this one at least going six selfishly yeah well we know it's definitely coming back to boston the
line is up for uh for the next game sat game three, St. Louis is even six,
which means it's 120 to make 100 on the Blues
or 100 to make 100 on the Bruins.
And the overrun is five right now with the heavy Vig on the over,
so that could go up to five and a half.
So, you know, it's a small favorite at home,
but, you know, they're not a huge favorite, basically.
I mean, it's almost a pick-em.
And you can imagine a guy, you know, lifelong Blues fan.
Oh, man.
Guy sees his team win their first ever Stanley Cup final game tonight.
So I can't imagine.
And we talked to Keith Kachuk on the radio today, Barrett Jackman.
Big Walt.
The noise and the atmosphere at Enterprise Center or whatever it's called
in St. Louis Saturday will be incredible to see.
Because it's been a long time for those fans.
It's going to be a wild, wild environment.
And then you're looking at the Bruins to see how they respond to some adversity.
And the same way the Blues have all playoffs and all the Blues fans.
Man, sometimes something bad happens.
They come back.
Bruins have been the same way.
Exactly.
So it's going to be a question of kind of who comes out.
And now you're looking at a tie game.
Now you're looking at the numbers we talked about after the game one
winner winning a series.
There's numbers for game three similar to game five.
And as you move on, this is going to be huge.
One thing that you mentioned when we were sitting down as we're wrapping up
here was the similarities between a young Charlie McAvoy and Drew Doughty.
Yeah, I think that when you see McAvoy carry the puck,
and I know he hasn't put up the offensive numbers Doughty has at his highest years,
but the way he carries the puck, the way he shoots the puck,
and then the way he defends, and by defending, I mean he's in your face.
He's got a bit of nastiness to him.
He's a nasty player.
And Dowdy is too.
Like he's a prick.
He's a prick to play against while being this incredible puck-moving D-man.
I've said when I saw McAvoy at BU, he reminded me of Drew Dowdy.
So I think he's been good so far.
Bruins D's been good.
I mean they played tonight really well, five guys.
And game one They were great
It's about their
Forward step things up
And we're watching
NHL Network here
Who showed
A couple plays
Marshawn made tonight
That just are unlike
You know it's
It's the extra pass
You're talking about
R.A.
The behind the back
No look
Yeah the fucking
Dipsy do shit
In the second period
And a couple other times
Where he's just not
The elite Brad Marshawn
You're used to seeing
The one who's dominating so
those guys have faced these questions
before and they came back
incredibly well against Columbus
so we'll see what happens moving forward but
it's now a series you know we
looked like Boston was the way better team game
this is the same podcast we recorded
yesterday how different will this sound
right so it's going to be fun
and the environment will be sick.
Yeah, I'm hoping that Grizzlies are right.
I mean, he's probably still next door at Mass General.
I know he was there right after.
Did he go to the hospital?
Yeah, he went to Mass General during the game.
Right after he came off the ice, he went to the hospital.
I mean, I'll be shocked if it's anything less than a concussion.
And judging by that hit, it's probably going to be a tough one.
I'd be surprised if we see him again this year.
He's just based on the hit.
And you've got to think, I mean, he's going to slide either Steve Kamfer or John Moore.
I'm going to imagine that's who Cassidy is.
Supplementary discipline?
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, I mean, yeah.
See, I don't know.
It wasn't a head shot per se.
So, I mean, it was still a fucking ugly hit.
I think it might only be a fine.
But then again, he didn't get thrown out of the game.
I don't know.
It's weird because when the head's not the principal point,
I don't know if they're going to stress too much discipline.
But he should get at least a fucking fine because that was dangerous.
Yeah, that was a pivotal moment.
I mean, we're watching it again here.
It was weird because Grizzluck's upper body speed.
The head is the point of contact, it looks like.
All right, here it is.
I mean, yeah, yeah.
If Sundquist gets a game, I won't be surprised.
And if I'm a St. Louis Blues fan,
you should be counting your blessings
that it wasn't a five-minute major in the course of a game
because that was a 50-50 play.
Yeah, it's tough to watch.
And tough in real time, and it just so happens
they leaned toward not giving him the five.
And you guys ended up winning the game.
So you guys guys if anything got
that slight edge in the calls tonight so let's we can't be bitching about officiating too much no
no we're not bitching about that at all but boys listen i mean for our first time covering the
stanley cup together as a group this week games one or two it's been an absolute fucking joy i
mean like me and wits always talk about like how we started out out like Wayne and Garth a few years ago on my couch, and
now we've grown into this, and we're covering the
Stanley Cup together and having a blast
doing serious radio, and I wouldn't
rather be doing it with anybody else, that's for sure.
Thank you, Brian. Thank you
very much. The radio was
fun. Thanks to Hurricanes. Thanks to New Amsterdam
Vodka, and thanks for everyone who came
out. It was a couple great nights, so
on to the rest
of this series.
This will be,
we now have a podcast
I think after games
three and four.
It'll just be one game.
This one ended up
being two
and so it's a long one.
But thanks for listening
and we got a series.
Absolutely.
Love you guys
and thank you for coming
out to Hurricanes
and great seeing
all you lovely people
in Boston.
And the kid who gave us
the edible cookies.
Those things. Oh my God. Those are not who gave us the edible cookies. Those things.
Oh, my God.
Those are not in my house.
Holy shit.
All right.
With that, please have a great weekend, y'all. I'm not done living without you. I've got my eyes locked into one.
