Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 181 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Still in the midst of the Stanley Cup final, we're going to be recapping games three and four for you this evening.
An additional couple interviews we'll be getting to shortly. Let's say hello to the boys first, though.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, looking a little better than the last time we saw you, for sure.
What's up, boys? I found out I didn't have to get surgery on the hand today, so shout out to Mount Sinai Hospital here in New York.
Today's a good day.
There you go.
Next up, my boy Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, pal?
What's going on, fellas?
How are you guys?
It's a pleasure to be on with you once again.
Doing all right, doing all right.
And last but not least, Paul Bisnasty.
What are you up to, brother?
In Arizona, just watched Game 4.
Very excited for you folks to get Games 3 and 4 breakdown.
Much like last episode, you're going to get some heavy Boston bias,
quote-unquote bias, in Game 3 and much of the opposite in Game 4
because much like those two games, Boston dominated one and then St. Louis dominated the other.
So for those poopy pants online who want to keep complaining,
I'm sorry about the way that it's going to roll out for you.
So if you want to fast forward to the interviews, feel free.
Yeah, exactly.
Stick around if you don't like the early push and it'll get better for you
if you're a fan of one team and not the other.
Also, boys, we had a nice time in Boston last last week i just want to say thanks to everybody who showed
up at hurricanes i don't believe we uh addressed that yet we had a hell of a turnout for how we did
radio three nights there six to seven so everyone who showed up thanks for the turnout it was it was
pretty cool with that you have a fun time doing the radio biz or what it was unreal we got to do
two live podcasts another thing that was awesome about it is is uh right after game. We got to do two live podcasts. Another thing that was awesome about it is right after game two,
we got to go record our natural reactions
when we were still fresh-minded about everything.
Very similar tonight.
We're going to give you the game four breakdown.
We recorded the game three breakdown right after game three.
So I really like that.
It was, of course, great seeing you guys.
We got some great live interviews.
You know, of course, a rupper.
We got a couple other guys.
I think we should keep the other guys a secret for future episodes.
I don't want to spoil it.
But all in all, a great experience.
And thank you for all the people who showed up to Hurricanes,
and we had a great time.
Well said, Biz. Very well said.
And for people who will never hear when we were on radio,
because the Big Walt and Barrett Jackman one, we're not going to do that.
We're not going to be able to.
So we had those guys on before.
Was that game four, I think it was? Game two, sorry?
Yeah, so we had those guys on, and Biz decided to say to everyone in the audience,
yeah, we're going to be auctioning off some of Big Walt's sperm.
So if you ever want your kid to play in the NHL, come on up after.
I thought that was pretty good.
Yeah, I just, I mean, you know, he was nice enough to show up.
And I told the fans, for them showing up,
we brought them a nice little door prize.
And who doesn't want their kid potentially playing in the NHL
and don't have to work?
You could just, you know, you could just maybe take all the kids money.
I'm not going to, what's that?
You can leech right off them.
Exactly.
So it was a congratulations to the person who won a nice hot,
steamy batch of Keith Kachuk's load.
And of course,
a big thanks to our friends once again at New Amsterdam Vodka,
who made it all happen and a shout out to the Pink Whitney's.
Keep your eyes open.
Pink Whitney fans.
There'll be some big news on that front as well.
And an extra shout out to that fan who had a special package of cookies for the boys.
They certainly came in handy later in the week.
So shout out to that boy.
And speaking of friends of the program, my buddy Kevin Hayes,
he was traded to Philadelphia by Winnipeg for a fifth rounder.
They have exclusive negotiating rights with him till June 23rd.
Then other teams can
talk to him. And of course, free agency opens July 1st. But lots of speculation. He was coached by
Elaine Vigneault for a long time. He reportedly liked them. A few other factors in there. What's
your take on it? Do you think he ends up in Philly or what? I don't know. It's not fair to say just
because now, you know, you start talking contracts and all those things will get going. But there's
definitely the relationship with Vigneault.
That could be huge.
I actually do think he fits into the Flyers system pretty well.
I mean, he's a big center.
He can play offense.
He's great offensively.
He's really good defensively.
He's better away from the puck than people give him credit for, I think.
And it would definitely help out the Flyers.
And, Biz, you made a great point when we were texting about it briefly
that they're the type of team that can throw around big signing bonus money.
So if he's feeling like maybe he wants to get a check every July 1st
for seven years for like 3 million,
he'll probably be able to get that from Philly.
So we'll see what happens with that.
But he would fit in great.
I mean, it's just hard because even as a player,
it's not really up to you when you get your rights traded away.
And when you're looking at it like, well, they traded for my rights,
but there's no chance I'm signing with them.
It could be that.
It could be, oh, wow, this will work out great.
But in the end, it's still up to him.
And if you want to get to July 1st, that's what you're going to do for a lot of guys.
I really like the move by Philly, and I think he ends up there.
I think they're going to make a heavy stab at him,
and for reasons that that core group in Philadelphia,
they're kind of in the same boat as St. Louis.
They're getting a little bit older.
I mean, Claude Giroux's been having some great years here
and putting up some massive points.
I think he reached over 100 points last season, 85 points this past season.
They got Couturier.
They got Voracek. I like,
I'm a big fan of that Konechny. And Van Riems like, Van Riems like missed some games at the
start of the year, but then finally ended up getting going. But man, I like that insertion.
You talk about, you talk about these big dogs now, they want a lot of that money up front
and in signing bonus. in in when I was
thinking about where hazy might end up it was hard to pinpoint a team where he would fit in you know
some people said Chicago I think that there was a rumor about that I just didn't see how he would
fit in on the depth especially because they got Strom over in that trade and how much chemistry
he had with the brinket but when I think philly i'm like wow that that's got a good
ring to it he's he's a a big body in the middle of the ice they play that nasty style uh he did
play in new york so he's used to that pressure which a lot of people don't factor that in when
you're playing in a market like that there's constantly eyes on you and and people are being
critical even when you are playing well the experiment that in Winnipeg wasn't a good one.
They ended up dropping out in the first round.
They weren't even playing them.
Right.
I don't think that  it just didn't fit in, right?
And they ended up giving up a first rounder for him,
and that was pretty costly.
And I just  I like the move over there for him.
And I think he ends up signing there
and and and it works out for him and I'm happy for Hazy if he ends up getting that big dough
so that's my thoughts on it RA I don't know uh do you like the move I mean it's an aggressive
move by Philly I remember they did the same thing with Brzgalov he has a go and they really didn't
need to kind of wasted a draft pick because nobody was really running running out to get Brzgalov
but this is Hazy's chance at a monster payday.
I mean, he's at his peak right now.
If he's going to sign a seven, eight-year deal, it's going to be, you know,
probably his biggest contract ever.
And I don't think there's anything bad with waiting.
I mean, unless Philly absolutely blows him out of the water, like you said,
signing bonuses.
But I don't think there's any detriment to him waiting until July 1st and seeing what kind of office he gets.
Well, they get that period of time where he's able to speak to other teams before July 1st. So it's kind of nice to know what
they're prepared to offer you. I mean, you just got to be weary of if you piss off a team that's
offering you a nice chunk of change, like let's say Philly's offering him a glorious contract
and then July 1st hits, they might give him the ultimatum. Hey, this is the number that we're offering you now.
Once July 1st hits and you want to weigh your options,
I've seen a lot of guys get burnt in free agency.
Look at what Patrick Maroon went through.
And all of a sudden you value yourself high and then you get burnt.
Another guy was the defenseman, Franson.
Is that how you say itody franson yeah yeah he got
fucking smoked he was one of the highest uh highest rated free agent defenseman that year but people
sometimes people just aren't quote unquote duped where they're not just going to give a big ticket
because he's the biggest sought after free agent so if they give him a nice offer it's going to be
difficult for him to turn it down but that leeway period where he's allowed to talk to other teams is nice for him
where he might get a team that says, hey, we're going to match that
and give you a little bit extra on the signing bonus.
I actually heard there was a chance he ended up on the Yotes biz.
I heard a little rumor that it was possible that he was going to get re-signed
and then traded to the Yotes so he could get that eighth year.
We'll see, though.
I mean, the thing is, like
Ah, does that mean he's able to sign eight years with Philadelphia
because his rights were traded over?
Yes.
Wow.
I'm 99 sure that's the whole
That's very interesting.
So, I mean, if you look at that, if you
Yeah, I could totally see him fitting in there.
What's funny is, like, if they come to him and they say, Hey,
I don't know, eight years, 54 million, eight years, 52 million.
And then they're like, but it's off the table. If you know,
if you don't want to take it, like all of a sudden you got to think like,
am I going to get that from somebody else? Like, it's kind of crazy.
You Philly's sort of in a position where, yeah, they want him.
They gave up a fifth rounder to try to just even negotiate with him.
But in the end, they could be like, hey, this is the offer,
but it's not going to be around if you want to wait until July 1st.
So then you're like, all right, well, maybe I have to take this.
Yeah.
I kind of like how they worked that out in the PHPA.
Sorry, the NHLPA.
I played in the fucking jungle.
What am I saying over here?
That ultimately allows them to know what else is out there as far as money.
I mean, it's all talk until you sign on the dotted line,
and we've heard some horror stories.
But I'd imagine that Philly gives him a nice offer that it's going to be
tough to turn down.
Yeah, it's also, what does he value most?
Is it money, a chance to win, location, biz, no sales tax you wonder if that fact is in as well so
either way we'll we'll be watching state tax state tax sales i'm off i'm fucking i'm rattled man i'm
rattled my team fucking lost tonight i'm off tonight what's up biz and i know we're pretty
hard on philly fans but if if he ends up there i'm hoping that they make a nice little run in the
next couple years because we're boys with
Claude Giroux, and that's a fan base
that's waited a long time.
I mean, not as much as St. Louis,
but what has it been?
75.
85, 95, 2005, 2015.
That's 44 years.
Wow. Stat guy wit.
Math man.
I think that's enough talk about Hayes we stroke him
enough on this podcast
why don't we send it over to the game three
recap yeah speaking of stroking
off let's go to the game three recap
it'll sound a little different than the one we're about
to do all right boys enough of that
stuff now it's time to get to the meat of the
episode the Stanley Cup final
and Saturday night the city of
St. Louis hosted its first Stanley Cup final. And Saturday night, the city of St. Louis hosted its first
Stanley Cup final game in 49 years.
And unfortunately for the Blues, the result
was the same as the last time they hosted the Bruins
in a cup. The Bees rolled to
a whopping 7-2 victory over the Blues
to grab a 2-1 series lead.
The Bees, which stood that early, barraged
from St. Louis. I think we all expected
a raucous crowd getting them going.
But then the Bees got three times and scored three times in nine minutes,
took a 3-0 lead after one.
I thought the Blues' lack of discipline absolutely killed them.
Bees went 4-4 on the power play, got four goals on four shots.
Not sure I ever heard of that before.
Whitney, what's your take on this one, man?
What a disaster for St. Louis.
Yeah, early they looked good.
I mean, you could tell the,
the crowd was just completely bananas. It was a cool setting to see outside the arena and see
how fired up everyone, everyone was. But then once the Bruins withstood that kind of, you know,
beginning mojo and Tarasenko had a couple of real good chances, Rast made some big saves.
But after that, I mean, it was, it was domination. It was ugly.
And, Ari, I think you said nine minutes.
The Bruins got three in three minutes last night it was.
I'm sorry, last night.
We're recording on Sunday, but we're talking about Saturday night's game.
What did you mean?
Well, I meant just in the first period. They got three goals within nine minutes to take the three-nothing lead
after one.
That's why I was just referring to that period.
And the Corrali goal being the ultimate killer.
And not only is that, I'll flat out admit,
so when they reviewed that for the offside, I texted the group here.
I was like, why did they get a penalty?
Like, I didn't even  and, Biz, you made a great point when I was like,
I didn't even really know that was a rule.
Like, why was that again?
I mean, it's just  we never see it.
Yeah, regarding the offside, when I was watching in real time um uh Edzo on NBC was was was kind of breaking down where the puck and his skate was so I was pretty focused in on that I hadn't even
thought of the fact that uh that Edmondson had brought the puck back in the zone and then there
was a lot of arguing going on online that he didn't have control of a had brought the puck back in the zone. And then there was a lot of arguing going on online
that he didn't have control of the puck bringing it into his zone.
So I actually posted a screenshot of the actual rule
that some guy sent me from an Android.
It was weird.
He sent me the screenshot, and he was still arguing it the other way,
but he'd proven my point with the rule book.
And here, I'll read it for
you guys. So this will only take three hours. This is 83.2 deflections rebounds. When a defending
player propels the puck out of his defending zone and the puck clearly rebounds off a defending
player in the neutral zone back into the defending zone, all attacking players are eligible to play the puck so a lot of people continue to say oh
well he didn't have possession however any action by an attacking player that causes a deflection
rebound off a defending player in the neutral zone back in the defending zone ei stick body check
um physical contact a delayed offside shall be be signaled by the linesman.
Now, people are trying to say that it was at Nordstrom
that was engaged in a battle with him after he touched it.
He hadn't made contact at that point.
So that initial poke of the puck by Edmondson,
when a puck goes in the zone, it's live.
If that would have been Nordstrom hittingstrom hitting him into into the puck and maybe
that's what caused it sure but the contact initiated was until after edmondson had poked it
so that's a live puck and it's unfortunate because as a guy who's who wants to pick the blues in six
i'm thinking you know what you're going in between periods down to nothing you've kind of weathered
that storm by b Boston the game's still
not out of reach I feel like once that was called it was very deflating and uh and and I mean that
was uh you mentioned a great start by the Blues though they started five five oh and shots they
were kind of rolling there and all of a sudden it's a guy who we thought might have been injured
in pregame skate Patrice Bergeron and and and I think in the first 15 face-offs of that first period,
Bruins had won 10 of them.
They were smoking St. Louis.
Snapping it back.
Snapping it back.
And then on that first goal, it was who else?
Bergeron snaps it back.
They gain control.
And then a surgical tip by him to get things going, R.A.
And quickly, R.A., before you go ahead,
the one thing that I mentioned about the offsides
and me forgetting that you got a penalty if you tried to challenge it
and it didn't go your way as the Blues dealt with last night,
I think so often these video guys are so good and so quick in the room
that when they do review it, it's like they're 100 sure.
Like, we're not going to get a penalty here.
And as Biz said, that was a last-ditch effort.
Keep this game 2-0.
A little bit of a Hail Mary, like, please be offside,
and it's 2-0, and we're okay.
Let's try to get this one back.
Well, the rule was correctly just read by Biz.
That was pretty good, Biz.
You didn't really fuck up that much.
And you'll see why it wasn't offside and 3-0.
That kind of was, I mean, by no means was the game over,
but you're just like oh what I
mean what a killer seven seconds left like that's just such a game changer and then the tip by
Bergeron to start oh my god what a pass by Krug we'll talk about I got a couple things on Krug
later holy shit what a game R.A. would you agree that there was a lot of early physicality in that
hockey game yeah I think St. Louis was probably trying to set a bit of a tone,
a physical tone, but they straddle that line, Biz,
but they go over it too much.
I mean, like Joe, we had Joe Vitale on.
He talked about the biggest thing with the Blues is staying out of the box,
and they're doing a terrible job of that.
They just take an undisciplined penalties at the wrong time.
I mean, I have no issue.
I know Bruins won.
I have no issue with the ref, but, like,
I don't think they were a problem
last night. It was the Blues' inability to stay
out of the box. And by the way, we are going to be
just to let the listeners know, we are going
to be covering the next game after this one.
We go in order the way they're played. I know people
didn't get that the last time, so just to let people
know we're doing game three now. We'll be doing game
four after this. So if you don't like what
you're hearing now, stick around. Oh, who? The people who
shut it off before listening to the second
game recap? Literally, yeah.
We were being too biased, so apparently
if a team dominates,
we can't let the listeners know they dominated.
They were basically like a little kid who
wakes up on Christmas and then motherfucks
his parents when he doesn't get the one gift they want
and they're like, it's in the corner over
there. You haven't looked everywhere you've dumped.
Did you check your stocking yet?
We're taking it away now too, you piece of shit.
A couple of big hits early on, Blaze on Bacchus.
I thought that I'm okay with that.
I mean, if we're going to let the Krug charge go,
I mean, was the Blaze hit a little bit high on Bacchus?
Sure, but let the boys play.
I would say he jumped up just towards the end of the hit,
ended up leading to the DeBrusque knee right afterwards.
So I thought that that went in favor of the Blues.
And then you mentioned the goaltending, some big saves early on at both ends,
Rask on Tarasenko, then Binnington on Posta.
And we had a very exciting game early on, and
the floodgates opened.
Absolutely.
Will you talk physicality?
I have to think
that the new age NHL
and suspensions went through Braden
Shedden's head when he was a heat
seeking missile that literally could have killed
Pasternak. I know Pasternak's
real slippery, and he kind of got his head up at the
end, but watching that live,
it might have killed him. If he
had caught him in the head or like
I mean, that was like a full-blown
train coming. And you could tell when he
just caught and missed him, he did a flip in midair.
His skate came up. It was just a wild scene
right there because you could tell how the
Blues were trying to play. But a couple years ago,
Shen maybe just trucks him.
I think guys are starting  not starting to, but do realize, like,
I could have been out of the series if I hit him right there, Shen's thinking.
Either way, the first line, the power play, R.A., you brought it up.
I mean, we talked  Washington wrote a power play to the Cup Championship
last year.
They won it all on their power play.
The Bruins' power play right now is so good that you can't
I don't even understand the Blues' mentality of like,
yeah, we've got to be physical, but you can't take half these penalties.
Half of them are horrible.
And Blues fans, you could complain about the refereeing.
I know people are upset about the crew kit,
and they're also upset that Sundquist got suspended.
That was a big loss, right?
He makes a difference.
Even Berube said he's a great player. It's going to be
a tough loss for us, but some of these
penalties are blatant, dumb decisions
by the Blues, and then this power play.
This power play is 50 on the road in the playoffs.
50.
I mean, what are you supposed to do?
So if you're going to take penalties, you're
playing with fire, and last night it was like
they couldn't be stopped, and
a lot of it was just perfect puck movement by Krug to set it all up yeah and the power play six for 14 in this
series so far against St. Louis uh and wait I agree with you I think that corrali goal um I don't know
if it was the turning point of the game but that was huge man instead of going into the break down
to nothing okay you're feeling all right about yourselves you know two goals not a big deal but
get that third goal less than I think there were 10 seconds left in the period.
That's a backbreaker, man.
And St. Louis, they couldn't rebound from it.
It was the eventual game winner.
I thought that was a huge goal.
Also, we talked about the Bruins' depth.
That was key last night.
They got four goals from their bottom six.
They actually got two goals from their first, third, and fourth lines.
One from the D.
But that third line, Johansson uh kynan coil i mean
not to pat myself in the back but they were unbelievable again last night they were pretty
key to the win because like i said the top two lines almost canceling each other out the bruins
top line was good last night but a lot of that was on the power play but it seems to be like that a
lot of the top six guys are canceling each other out bottom six uh coming through for the bees
corrali man he's a big game player another fucking huge game for him so uh as far as positives for the blues i know uh biz we talked about that
last time you know i'm trying to be fair i'm looking and i'm really struggling i mean they
had a good start but i'm struggling to find a positive for the blues to pull from from this
game what about you biz well i think what we can do is is talk about what to expect for game four
i mean there's a lot of distractions.
You're coming home.
They know that building's going to be crazy.
I'd imagine all those Blues guys got every family member in town.
All of a sudden, you can settle into the series.
And it's kind of like game one where it's like they just got shit kicked.
It's almost better off than having, let's say, a 3-2 overtime loss
where they probably knew that game was over after two periods
where they're like hey let's get our good habits back let's establish our game and be prepared for
the next one at the end of the day they lost the game it's it's not i mean as big as the shit
kicking it is i think that they're going to bounce back just like they did last game and and we didn't
see a great performance from binnington I thought he was he wasn't great
in the game before but but time and stats tell us that he's great at rebounding after losses
in a sense of a winning standpoint all year since January they've been responding well and and
battling through any bit of adversity they face so there's no reason for me to doubt that they
can do it again and go back to Boston with the series tied 2-2.
I think if you're looking silver lining,
it is Binnington's ability to bounce back.
Now that was the first time he's ever been,
he's been pulled this year,
but still when he has struggled,
even though he's finished the game,
he's been great the next time out.
What's interesting as these five hole goals and you saw game three,
Coyle and Nordstrom,
I'm sorry,
game two,
Coyle and Nordstrom's were five-hole on the ice.
Corrales was, I mean, that's a bad goal.
That's on the ice.
That shouldn't be beating him.
And I know a little bit of a screen, but either way, it's like,
what's going on with that?
And people blamed him for the crew goal too.
That was tipped by Bo Meister.
That caught Bo Meister. Nothing you could do on that one.
But you're looking at an enormous goal with 10 seconds left on the ice
5-hole and you're just sticking back
to the game before. It's like something's
a little off with them.
But yeah, it's tough to find any
silver lining. And when they do respond,
if they do respond, people
will be listening to this, waiting for the next
game recap and say that, you know, we
were wrong again, R.A. But right now,
put it this way
the Bruins dummied them in game one in game two the Bruins didn't play very well St. Louis did
play very well and it went to overtime and then in game three the Bruins dummy them again so
if it can come back and St. Louis can bring that same effort from game two you're looking at a
possible chance for a real series but if it stays the way it's looked in two of the three games,
the Blues are in trouble.
After breaking down goaltending, defense, and forwards,
I mean, we came to the agreement that it was a pretty evenly matched series.
And the one concern I did have for St. Louis was special teams,
not only because Boston's power play was buzzing,
but because St. Louis's wasn't.
And they're just not taking advantage of their opportunities.
Now, if they can do that in game four and going forward in the series,
I think they're going to be all right.
Like a perfect example is they get off to that hot start.
Then a call goes their way with the back is hit where it was a non-call,
which once again, I liked.
And then right on the following play is when DeBrusque ended up giving
that knee to Pietrangelo.
I know I fucking butcher that every time and people are going to torch me.
But,
but perfect opportunity to put Boston on their heels with that crazy building two minute power play.
They,
they,
they don't end up scoring.
I mean,
I know they ended up getting one last night on the PP.
They went one for five,
but fuck,
if you can't keep the puck out of your net on the PK,
you got to get some, some momentum going with that peeps and and and that's one thing that's biting them in the ass right now and when we're talking power play like i said we'd go into krug
what an effort i mean so see that game he was the first player since brian leach in the 94 finals
against the canucks to have first defenseman excuse me to have four four points and you know that's 25 years ago right and then you're also you're also thinking
he's the only defenseman along with leach to ever do it on the road uh in the in the cup final so
it's it's an incredible game by him and it's a guy who like i guess i'm gonna say for some reason
catches flack from bruins fans once in a while. He's the
type of player that can kind of catch flack from fan bases everywhere where he's offensive. You
know, he's not a shutdown D. That's not what he's paid for. So you'll see the occasional turnover,
things like that. But I will say what a player he is. And when you're talking about a guy that
gets the puck, constantly has his head up and who, by the way, isn't a shutdown defender, isn't paid to do that,
but also plays with an edge.
I've seen Torrey Krug fight.
We've seen the hit in game one.
I think he really plays harder than people give him credit for,
especially around Boston with these moronic hockey fans in this town.
And to see what he did last night, the pass to Marchand,
I'm sorry, Bergeron on the first goal, what a dish.
It was a sauce pass.
It was head up the entire time. It was a shot for
a tip. It was perfect.
Great deflection. Not easy to do, but put in the
position by an unreal pass by Krug.
He then finds Poshinok down
low on a nice quick play off a face-off.
He's all, I'm sorry, not off a face-off, but off
a complete kind of clusterfuck in the
offensive zone, defensive zone for the Blues.
He gets it down. Poshinok's all alone.
Great move by him, but the ability for Krug
to realize the guy's all alone and get it down there
in front of that quick. Then the third assist,
he gets it over to Johansson,
who's just, it was the perfect pass. It was kind of a
no-look pass, head up the entire time,
and then he gets the goal, too, with a smart wrist shot
using the defense as a screen. Ends up hitting
Beaumont, like I said, but what an effort
by a D-man who really needed to have a huge
game with Grislik out. I know Grislick doesn't play the same minutes and the same importance power play wise as Krug
but still to have a smaller um puck moving defenseman out Krug stepped up and was the star
of the game and RA before I send it to you you mentioned four points those are four primary
points too you had a goal and three primary assists that's very impressive not just a guy
like Whitney collecting uh exactly how I meant yeah Look what it's done for me though.
Fuck. They don't ask how.
Yeah, guys. Now it's time for me to slurp off Bergeron a little bit here.
You know, we mentioned he had a goal to assist last night.
That gives him 102 career playoff points.
It ties him with Phil Esposito for number two all time on the Bruins
playoff list behind Ray Bork, of course.
His seven power play goals leads the league this year,
and he's two off the NHL record of nine,
which is shared by Mike Bossy in 1981.
He did it in Cam Neely.
He had nine power play markers in 91 as well.
He didn't even go to the Stanley Cup that year.
And that line, man, after a loss,
the Bergeron, Pasternak, Marchand,
they got 25 points, 12 goals, 13 assists
in games after a loss.
So those guys, they do respond after a tough game.
And with Bergeron, with such a healthy lead last night,
he was able to sit the last seven minutes and two seconds of the game,
which obviously he's hurt.
We were talking about it before the game yesterday.
He looked a little hobbled out there, but I think that was key.
He was able to get some rest.
And here's another stat, boys.
We talked about Game 1 winners and how much they go on to win the Cup.
Game 3 winners, when a series is tied 1-1, have a record of 22-6 since 1939,
which is good for 78.6 of the time.
Game 3 winners in a tied series go on to win the Cup,
which is just an astounding number when you think about it.
Well, now there's four games left,
and the Blues got to beat the Bruins in three out of four, right? It's just when you look at it big picture like that, it's like,
I don't know, could anyone beat the Bruins three out of four this year? We'll see. Game four will
change it all. And you're going to be hearing our recap that pretty soon from now. But for us,
it's a couple of days here to wait and try to figure out, especially for the Blues, like what can we change?
Now, Berube after game one said we're going to be so much better.
We're going to play our game, and they did.
So I wouldn't be surprised at all if they do.
And, Biz, that's a pretty good point by you, actually,
that kind of a clusterfuck gong show of the first cup final game in 49 years
in St. Louis, families coming in.
Maybe they do really regroup, take today, get a meeting,
maybe a couple guys skate, and be ready to go for the next one. There's our game three recap, but sit around. If you
didn't like it too much, we're going to have a game four and shortly that'll maybe balance it
out a little bit. We're going to go to our first guest right now, Daryl Bootland, like we mentioned
about the Kelly Cup stories. The Kelly Cup is the trophy on the East Coast Hockey League. When the
team that wins, it's basically their version of the Stanley Cup and the Colorado Eagles. They were
in the East Coast Hockey League last year.
They won it actually the last two years.
They never returned the trophy on time.
So their owner released a statement Friday saying, hey, we reached out to the league.
We couldn't get in touch with them to pick up the trophy.
Then the league fired back.
They never brought it back in time.
It's basically like a pissing match online about a league trophy.
So the league come out and said, hey, we had to make a make a whole new trophy we're gonna award it to the winner this year so we
brought on daryl bootland to get a little inside scoop on it because this is the one of the weird
weirdest stories we've heard hey absolutely and i guess the rule is is you get to keep the cup
all the way till playoff starts the following season and all of a sudden the league didn't
get the trophy now he's saying the owner, excuse me,
who's had a couple league fines in the ECHL
before they went to the AHL that he wasn't happy about,
and apparently that's the reason why he's keeping it.
So let's toss this over the interview
and maybe get a little behind-the-scenes look
at what the fuck is going on with that Kelly Cup.
I want to welcome a reoccurring guest to the podcast.
Last time this guy was on, he did not bring the heat.
I was expecting a lot more, especially for how many crazy stories this guy has behind the scenes.
Pretty much played in every league known to man.
He's born in Toronto, Ontario.
He was a right winger.
Ended up playing 32 NHL games, keep the change.
Played for the Detroit Red Wings and New York Islanders before going back to the ECHL,
the AHL, the CHL, and all those other greasy leagues where you eat soggy subs on the bus.
Welcome back. Welcome back to the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Let's hope he brings the heat, Daryl Bootland.
Thank you, sir.
Appreciate the call.
Buddy, what happened last time?
You came on, and I thought you were going to let the stories fly,
and you just let me down.
Well, that's what happens when you have a couple long nights
and you pretty much get too biz nasty talking to each other.
Well, I mean, I just thought it was maybe your girls got too tight of a leash
around that neck of yours.
No, no, no.
She wasn't too rattled, actually, after the interview.
I thought it was going to be worse.
Well, yeah, because you kept it tame.
I thought you were going for husband of the year.
The reason why we did bring you on specifically, again,
was there's been an issue in the ECHL with the Kelly Cup.
Now, you were on that team last year, correct, that ended up winning that Kelly Cup?
The first time that Colorado won it, yeah, was when it really went to a few pieces,
a few issues that year after.
Okay, so last year they ended up winning it,
and then they ended up going to the AHL.
So that was the Colorado Avalanches farm team, I believe?
Yeah, yeah.
Makes sense.
So what's the issue?
Why will the owner and the team not return the Kelly Cup after winning it
and then moving up to the ahl
level well what happened was uh the little bit of a boat ride pontoon ride and i might have went for
a little little swim in the owner's lake and kind of turned into a little fun game kind of throwing
off the boat at each other i guess i wasn't a part of throwing, thank you very much. I think I was somewhere on a Harley at that time,
but then I came out and the cup was a little bloated,
a little heavy from its day on the lake.
But, yeah, they made them pay for it, obviously,
and get a new one.
So I guess they feel like they own it.
Jeez, quite the cell phone service you got there.
So a very similar story to when the Penguins ended up winning it
and ended up at the bottom of Mario's pool.
Pretty much, yeah, pretty much.
The Eagles with their cups there, they've had a lot of issues, actually.
They broke the President's Cup.
It got thrown in Mexico down a three-story dance floor
actually. It was one of the coolest things
apparently that's ever happened because it
popped back up right into Penkwitz's hand
and he caught it and everybody
celebrated.
Penkwitz, what did he do? The big old
burly man just throws it back on the ground
again. Of course, the second time
it smashed.
Eagles haven't had too much luck with the uh good parties though i wouldn't lie to you i was gonna say when the eagles ripped it up post
championship like who was the owner just just paying the tab on all these nights were you guys
just drinking for free for weeks well pretty much the parties were all set up, yeah, but even the nights that they weren't there,
a couple of us were working with Southboro Restoration Company,
so they definitely took care of us the nights that the Eagles didn't.
So shout out to Jeff Bowers.
What a man.
So, Darrell, just to reiterate, so you guys won
the Colorado Eagles won it in 2017.
Now, did they have to return the cup prior to the 2018 season because Colorado won it again the following season?
Or when it broke, did you guys just hang on to it?
I'm just trying to get some clarification.
I believe the new one went back to them, and it was January time and kind of thing.
And after they won it again, it was the second time now that they
kept it apparently do you know what the issue is with the owner in in the league apparently there
were some fines that they received they were not happy about the fines and and then that's why they
kept the cup and and i don't know if they said return the money and we'll return the cup but
how is this going down oh there's it's more than one fine. I know that much. What's it for?
What are the fines for?
Pretty much everything.
The general manager, part owner there, great man, Chris Stewart,
he was on the board of the governors with the East Coast Hockey League.
So they were getting quite the tab is the rumor is what happened.
And then now it's gone to the trophy war.
I love it.
And just to give listeners an update, in case you're not completely clear,
Friday, the owner of the Eagles tweeted out,
the management of the East Coast League has full knowledge of the situation with the Kelly Cup.
We have made numerous attempts to return it.
They have chosen to ignore our request.
Therefore, the Kelly Cup remains in Colorado.
That is all that will be released regarding this matter.
Saturday, the league responded, said basically,
we haven't got the trophy, so we had to go out and make a whole new trophy
so we can award it to this year's winner,
which, by the way, is between Newfoundland and Toledo, by the way.
So the winner of that, they're going to get the brand-new trophy.
So do you know where the current trophy is, Darrell,
and why it hasn't been returned?
Is it being, like, held hostage?
Is it a vendetta?
What's the specific nature of it here?
Yeah, there's an office at the golf course.
You can't find that office.
You just go to the rink and you don't know where the Eagles office is.
So they got it somewhere down in there in one of those little tiny rooms
down there hiding it out.
I know it.
You can still see it from the golf course, I'm sure, looking through the windows.
I think it makes total sense, though.
Like, we just won the East Coast League title, and we're leaving your fucking league.
I'm going to keep the trophy.
I never have to go back.
Like, this is ours.
That's it.
That's the ultimate mic drop.
Yeah, I mean, it's kind of like, see you later, boys. gonna do about it i'm gonna grab the caller come through they're gonna be sleeping
in the same bed together yeah call stewart he's on the board of governors we'll take care of it
well i mean i would imagine that the ahl uh board of governors steps in at one point because the
amount of backlash uh that the that the Colorado Eagles are receiving.
I mean, even a few ECHL players chimed in,
Derek Nesbitt being one of them, calling it Bushley,
because, you know, he's getting a little bit older now,
so it resonated with him where he's like,
I would want the original trophy there if I won it,
because Newfoundland could have closed out the series in Toledo,
but Toledo ended up winning game five,
so they are going back to Newfoundland,
and they're going to play game six against the Growlers.
Still there?
Oh, still here.
Still here, yeah.
That was kind of a statement, but I was hoping you were going to follow it.
It was technically no question,
but I thought you were going to follow it too, but I like it.
Throw me a fucking bone, but I thought you were going to ball it too, but I like it. Throw me a fucking ball, man.
This is the second time.
He's fucking stuck in his wind tunnel.
He probably couldn't even hear you.
Now you wonder why the last one was so terrible.
Two biz nasties, I tell you.
Well, Tia, okay, we're just going to let you have your open forum here.
There was one other story that you texted me that you forgot to tell in the
last one and it involved the Playboy Mansion.
Yes.
Well, it was  no, it wasn't the Playboy Mansion.
But, yeah, I got a lot of disappointed teammates from the night
in Chris Gelios' Hall of Fame after party at Wayne Gretzky's downtown Toronto.
So we were playing Brampton is what happened and kind of sitting down and
obviously shut down Bramladash at midnight because everybody goes home and tries to
stay alive so we uh you know texted part owner Eddie Balfour heard you're in town for Chelios'
after party or Chelios' Hall of Fame party and uh he told us yeah come on down to Wayne Gretzky's
bar so we didn't know what we were getting ourselves into.
Walked in the door, you know, they got security in their ear,
kind of like, who the heck are these guys?
You know, we had to, you know, 30 minutes to get Balfour to come outside,
come and agree to let us all in there.
So we had big Garrett Klotz with us.
He's like 6'14 and about 280 pounds, so I wouldn't let him in
either, but it turned out to be quite
the night. The second person I introduced
eight of my CHL teammates to was Wayne Gretzky,
and obviously we were going pretty freaking hard
in Brampton trying to get out of there, so telling
Wayne, you got the softest hands I've ever touched.
What kind of lotion is that, bud? it was uh it was straight out of a movie man you know Kip Rios was the first guy
I saw and I know him from Toronto and I Kip what are you doing here and kind of like we're turning
around we realized we were you know Kid Rock was playing live and yeah everybody's uh grinding
their teeth pretty freaking hard by that point because it was you know one o'clock in the morning so yeah it was uh one of those yeah what's his name there hot tub time machine playing the
old chess piano what's the guy's name he's real good friends with chelsea he's in the hot tub
time machine um one of the main characters so many celebrities oh r.a's the movie guy who is it i think yes sir yes
so q sack was uh partying with us at the at the end of the night kind of thing yelling at athlete
parties because every time i show up to these parties you know they run out of the shit i need
where are you from i'm like well i'm from bradford man he's like let's go on my limo let's go wake
your buddies up in bradford get something and i almost did it but uh the old 6 a.m flight with coach Steve Martinson you don't miss those
ones or you're getting shipped to freaking Rapid City pretty fast so
we had the old giggles in the in the next morning. And, you know, pictures are getting thrown around.
You know, Gash is telling his story to everybody, you know.
And Steve Martinson was just brewing in the corner.
Two of the next worst practices in my 16-year career were the next two days
because he was so effed off that, you know,
we lose an expansion team in Brampton.
But we also, you know know got to meet all his old
nemesis and and partied like rock stars with the uh listening to Kid Rock and I thought I was doing
good with the ladies at first but you know then I realized that they were paying to be at the party
and I was I didn't have as much of my pocket yeah once still couldn't wheel them? Yeah, once they found out we were semi-pro,
they got rid of us pretty quick.
You didn't play many NHL games,
but you ended up playing on that 0-3, 0-4 Detroit Red Wings team
who had some pretty iconic players,
Datsou, Call, Shanahan, Iserman.
What was it being up for part of the year with that crew,
and did you have any fun nights with Darren McCarty?
I had a few, yeah.
Mostly Traverse City with old McCarty because, you know, he'd play
Grinder would play live for us out in Traverse City every training camp.
But most of my  you know, the three months I was there,
the one time McCarty broke his back.
So I was living downtown Detroit and McCarty broke his back so I was uh living downtown Detroit
and you know I got pretty lucky that Telly O's was opening up the Dearborn Telly uh Telly's
chili bar so you know to get me out of downtown Detroit he's like yeah show up to the chili bar
and you know that turned into pretty much every night thing just to go I was the manager if Telly
wasn't there and we all the hot waitresses out there so he had a pretty good
rookie initiation he made me uh fire two of the waitresses when i was you know 21 years old 22
years old i had to fire two that you know fraternize with the uh the help oh that's what
i'm calling it these days yeah yeah so i had to get rid of them after one party. So he made me sit at his desk and put my feet up on the desk and everything.
I was a pretty legendary man, that guy.
So that's how I got my rep, though, with the big dogs.
It was a trip to St. Paul in Minnesota.
We all went out after, you know, and I'm lingering around trying to pretend I'm a Red Wing
when Steve Iserman's at the table and some guys staring him down looking
at him and of course I'm like this is my moment you know and you finally made Eisenman a little
uncomfortable so you know gave him the quick elbow to the throat and dropped him and security came
over and uh just dragged him out of there and I actually got Eisenman's number it was pretty cool
so no way that's better than getting his number it was one of six number It was one of the few
I was one of the few to have it
You know of course
Over the last 60 years
The worst part about the story
Is like we've tested it a few times
Over the years
And it's still him
What about that year
Any Brett Hall stories?
Because he's like our white whale, kind of,
just like the legendary Brett Hall tales.
I don't know if you remember anything funny he said or did that season.
Oh, well, my favorite thing about Brett was he gave me the nickname
Bootylicious.
So I get sent down to Grand Rapids,
they start selling Bootylicious t-shirts instead of Bubblicious.
So I have to thank him for that.
But my favorite one was the, I think we got in on a late Sunday night
from a long road trip, you know, played like crap.
You know, we were going to get killed on the Tuesday,
but, you know, Babs still reluctant, gave us the Monday off,
you know, because he had to, you know.
And he made sure on
the plane like nobody's doing nothing tonight you know we're going to work on tuesday but i'm going
to help let you recover tomorrow so be ready tuesday you know one of those speeches and
sure enough you see red hall and uh avery and uh chelios on monday night football in chicago on on Monday Night Football in Chicago on the sidelines just chugging beers.
And, I mean, they made it home for the practice, right?
But, yeah, they got booked because of being famous.
But it was, you know, Brad didn't give a crap.
We would bag skate, and, I mean, I would look around,
two seconds later, he's gone.
Like, he wouldn't even stay on the ice for those.
One of my favorite training camps, one of my favorite training camp sorry my favorite training camp but he would always run around singing and he would tell him i'm like
why are you always singing you know it's good for your cardio so i sing when i work out and he's
walking around who hates training camp more than me no one no one like right by babs right by
everybody just one of the biggest beauties I've ever met
for sure. Just knowing you're
like, just nobody can touch you.
What are you going to do, Babs?
Boots, you mentioned Grindr,
which is McCarty's band,
and you got to see them live.
Where was it? Traverse City, excuse me.
How was it?
Pretty intense, man. Where was it? Traverse City, excuse me. How was it? Kind of, you know, pretty intense.
My favorite story was here was the old St. Paul.
During the lockout year, we played there in Minnesota's rink, right,
against Houston at the time was their farm team.
So, you know, Grand Rapids against Houston,
just kind of gives the fans something to watch during the year lockout.
Well, Grindr happened to be playing in Minnesota,
so of course we go over after.
There's, you know, one hot girl on the dance floor
and, like, you know, six dudes just smoking darts watching this band, right?
Of course we get in there, and i'm trying to wheel the hot girl on
the dance you know it turned out that was the band brought her from muskegon michigan so you had no
chance with one girl but uh yeah they ended up blowing up their bus up there in minnesota i don't
i was on it at one point at the end of the night but i don't know how it blew up i'd have to get
the rest of that story for you but yeah lost an rv apparently daryl i see you
played uh with the orlando solar bears last year but you only had 21 games played that did you
finish the season did you have an injury what was the situation with that last year yeah yeah the
old uh the back had enough unfortunately and then uh you know i stuck around there for the rest of
the year and assistant coach a little bit with drake barahowski and now newfoundland's coach john snowden so it was a good little experience for me but yeah unfortunately
the the body's had enough i probably had about seven years where you know every time i went in
the dressing room i i thought you know this could be it coach could be telling me to go home today
so i i held on as long as i can you You know, a couple years, coach spoke, contract on in the summer,
throw a contract on the table.
Man, I had that thing signed
before I even hit the table.
You know what I mean?
Like, yes, sign of me again.
Ha ha, sucker.
You know, so I,
for sure, I loved it.
So, but the experience
with Orlando was great.
So I'm coaching the
under 12 Houston Wild this year.
So we got our tryout starting next weekend.
So looking forward to getting back into the hockey world.
Boots, you seem like the type of guy who would have at one point in your career
had a fuck you match with a coach.
Did you ever get in any incidences?
So I'm pretty happy to say I only had two coaches that, you know,
that I wouldn't call for, you know, a reference.
And, you know, one was in Odessa.
But my biggest one ever was, you know, I knew this guy for my whole career.
You know, he's from kind of where I grew up in Orangeville.
You know, he's back in the area in the OHL kind of thing.
And he was the intern head coach at the time and uh you know told me I wasn't playing
in a game and you know it was my last it was my last FU with the guy we had enough of each other
you know he'd been telling the head coach stories about me when I was the assistant when he was the
assistant coach and yeah he just kind of hit my last straw and you know he I think it was a roll
of tape he had in his hand.
He kind of threw it on the desk and it rolled off and it hit me when he said it.
You're not playing tonight.
He threw the piece of tape and I grabbed the tape and I chucked it,
hit him in the stomach.
I ripped my jersey off.
I threw it at him.
I jumped over the desk.
I remember it might have been Jimmy Pack, actually, was his assistant coach.
Thank God he was there because he grabbed me off of him.
So, yeah, it was a head coach, but it was a family friend my whole life as well.
So, you know, it was a lot of built-up kind of anger.
And, you know, unfortunately it happened.
You know, luckily I didn't get any swings in there.
But, yeah, my Odessa coach, oldick gillis was a was a was a pro hockey player
fighter guy and uh you know rick gasser best ownership in in the world in odessa and i had
the best off i see season of my life but uh what do you mean by that no no back it up because
because on ice was on ice was the worst year of my life with that man at the helm. So he was a big, big fat tub of turd.
But what do you mean?
Your off-ice stats were pretty good?
No, no.
That was my first year married.
But I got that year.
Thank God for the wife.
But yeah, Odessa, Texas, that's where you go when you get married.
You got to move there for when you're married.
I love it.
That's how I got it.
That's how I got it.
It saved my life.
Any other crazy stories here before we send you off?
And we appreciate you coming back on and redeeming yourself.
Yeah, well, I hope so.
I was a slinky four days there, and I was trying to get into the surgeon world.
And caddy life's a little better for
Booter here out in Texas now. We're out of Florida
too, so I'll keep my stories
to a minimum for you.
Darryl, we need you to take a picture with the
trophy along with today's newspaper
just to prove it's still alive and send it to our
Twitter feed so everyone knows that Kelly Cubs are good shit.
I got one on the back of a Harley for you.
Hey Boots
I don't know what Biz was talking about
I mean I guess you just brought the noise this time
I mean you knew what was up
This was a hell of an interview
Thank you buddy
I appreciate that because you have called me a pigeon
In your career so I appreciate that
I'm not making any bird noises
For you there
What do you mean? Let's hear the story
Let's hear the story He was probably hear that? Let's hear the story.
Well, he was probably trying to fucking fight me or punch my head in.
I was like, get out of my face, you pigeon.
I think I was scared to ash him, and I wouldn't fight ash him
or whoever your tough guy was in Pittsburgh at the time.
But, yeah, you told me to beat it.
I was like the guy right behind his big buddy,
except for I'm the big one,
and I just hide behind smaller people.
I had a lot bigger nuts when I played with Pete Vandermeer, too, buddy.
I know how you feel.
Well, thanks a lot, bud.
This is great.
Good to know that you guys really just crushed the entire East Coast League trophy.
Oh, well, my Bankowitz CHL story is probably the most epic story i've ever heard to
smashing it two levels down the dance floor and catching it and then dumbass throws it down there
that's the guy that took his shirt off as an assistant coach with the eagle oh shit yeah i
remember that i think that's on youtube i'll actually give you a quick story before we set
we send you off i was texting with darren Darren McCarty to get him on the podcast,
and sure enough, we ended up getting him on.
We did the entire interview.
He had no clue that I was on the phone and I was on the interview
because a few times he would only talk to R.A. or Witt,
and when I would ask him questions, he would say,
that's a great question, Witt.
And then when signing off, he said bye to R.A., bye to Witt, and that was it.
He was off the phone.
So I don't even know if he knows I exist.
Oh, God, that's great.
That's great.
Now, he's got to hear about that nose, buddy.
He's heard about you for sure.
He knows about that snout.
I think your imitation of Grindr, though, might have been the top moment.
a grinder though might have been the top moment hey the only bad news about your imitation
a grinder was the fact that he did
promise us that he was going to create our
theme song as the episode
opens so I guess
perfect next time he gets on there and he wants
to kill me you can call me I will go
at it I love it.
Fucking A.
Well, thanks again, Booter.
All right, Booter.
Thanks, buddy.
Appreciate it, boy.
We're going to send you some food.
Keep it going.
We love it.
Pay your cell phone bill.
That interview was also brought to you by Omaha Steaks.
You're looking for an easy, affordable way to stock up for summer grilling,
as well as a great gift for Father's Day.
Think Omaha Steaks.
Omaha Steaks is America's original butcher,
making special occasions easier since 1917.
And right now, Omaha Steaks is giving a limited-time Father's Day gift offer
to our listeners.
Go to omahasteaks.com and enter the code CHICKLETS in the search bar
for a 74 off the Father's Day Steak Fix gift package.
A 235 value now for just 59.99.
Order now and you'll get two tender filet mignons,
two bold top sirloins, two savory pork chops,
four Omaha Steaks burgers, four massive gourmet jumbo franks,
I'm sorry, gourmet jumbo franks,
four crispy chicken fried steaks, all beef meatballs,
four premium chicken breasts,
four caramel apple talis for dessert, a packet of Omaha Steaks signature seasoning,
and you'll get four extra Omaha Steaks burgers free for ordering.
So give this amazing package as a gift for dad or stock up for incredible summer grilling all at 74 off.
Omaha Steaks delivers 100 guaranteed world-class steaks, burgers, franks, and more.
Order with confidence from America's original butcher. I've been doing it for years. Everybody
knows you can't beat Omaha. Again, order now and you can get this exclusive Omaha Steaks Father's
Day Steak Fix Package, valued at 235 for just 59.99. Just go to omahasteaks.com, type the code CHICKLETS into the search bar.
Don't wait, this offer ends soon.
So go to omahasteaks.com,
type CHICKLETS in the search bar
to get the Father's Day Steak Fix Package today.
Big thanks to Bootland for coming on.
I think he redeemed himself after the first one.
I mean, maybe I was a little hard on him
after the first one.
I just thought that for how crazy he was and probably still is off the ice, we didn't really dig deep into the off
ice story. So I think you got more of an inside look as to how crazy he was on this one. And
very interesting stuff about the Kelly Cup. Let's hope those guys, whoever wins it, Toledo or
Newfoundland, ends up getting the real one and they can celebrate, drink out of it
and do whatever the fuck else they want to do in it.
Newfoundland.
Newfoundland. Yeah, pretty crazy, man.
Anyways,
another game, game four, Monday
night. This was the game I think we've
been kind of waiting for. We knew St. Louis and Boston
were going to play in the Stanley Cup.
Both teams, I think, finally showed up to play tonight.
I mean, St. Louis obviously outplayed them,
but this was the most action we saw.
Six, seven minutes without whistles,
but the Blues were better when it mattered the most.
This was a game they absolutely needed.
They pulled it out.
4-2 final, got an empty net of late.
Even the series, it's now a best-of-three.
Biz, what was your take on this one tonight?
Oh, man, there's a lot going on here.
So, first of all, of course course John Hamm's in attendance he ended
up getting interviewed on NBC Brett Hall ends up going out on the carpet and hyping the crowd up
you knew it was over when he went out there he was sitting front row uh shitting he was sitting
front row during the game flipping off every Bruins player that's skated by. Wayne Gretzky was in attendance.
He ended up getting interviewed on the NBC panel as well.
So very cool stuff.
That city was electric.
Congratulations to them on finally getting their first ever Stanley Cup victory.
Let's start off, I guess, with the first goal.
Vince Dunn back in the lineup.
I thought he looked tremendous.
Gave them that mobility on the back end. Another puck moving defenseman. And of course, he gets things going
on that first O'Reilly goal. He ends up getting the puck through and then ends up going on a nice
wraparound and O'Reilly gets things going with it. I mean, that's a guy who was a little bit quiet
offensively in that first game. But ever since then, he's had a three-game point streak
and no bigger goal in the opening minute.
And I think you're the one who mentioned that stat.
They came out buzzing.
It was exactly what I think the entire crowd had hoped for
and imagined in game three, and it didn't happen.
And O'Reilly just stepped up to lead the way.
And, you know, we can talk about him and the amazing game he has,
but I'm pumped you mentioned Vince Dunn,
and then the other guy that needs to get mentioned is Zach Sanford
because holy shit, did those two guys have two big-time games.
And Sanford, unfairly, has kind of been known as this year
as the guy who got punched out by Bobby Ortuzzo. You know, you know, you know.
So, I mean, he was a part of that fight that kind of maybe was a main factor.
Not a main factor, but part of the reason that the St. Louis Blues switched around their season.
And he then comes into the cup finals lineup and plays the way he did in game four.
It was fantastic.
I mean, some huge hits, made an impact kind of offensively, defensively.
And I think that when you look at O'Reilly's first goal in the wraparound,
I don't know if Tuca's taking a little bit of bashing for that,
but that's tough.
I mean, it's off at the flexion.
All of a sudden it ends up on O'Reilly's stick,
who has that little toe curve on his stick,
which definitely helps on plays like that.
Just that little curve at the end like business hose.
And because of that, he's able to get it in there quick.
Tuca's not able to get over in time, and it's 1-0.
The place is rocket.
So, I mean, a lot of things happened from there,
but it was the exact beginning that they needed.
And then I think NBC ended up showing the stat for the boost.
Is it goals they've scored in the first minute this year?
In the postseason, I think they have six goals
in the first minute of these playoffs.
Is that right, R.A.?
Yeah, Biz, it was the sixth time scoring in the opening two minutes
of the 2019 playoffs, and now they've won all six games.
So it just goes to show, I mean, scoring early matters.
Even though the Bruins did tie it up eventually in that game,
they still pulled the victory out.
Ryan O'Reilly, man, we can't say enough about him.
I mean, not only what he's done offensively,
but the Blues have continued to render the top two lines of the Bruins
just completely ineffective in five-on-five play.
I know they got a couple assists tonight on the shorty,
but they're doing absolutely nothing out there.
And it's like, yeah, you could say they suck,
but it's also you got to give credit to the Blues checking job.
They're doing an incredible job.
And Marshawn, man, he's off.
I don't know if he's fucking
hurt or something, but so many times
he has the puck and he's just kind of drifting
with it. He's not shooting. He didn't have one shot
on goal tonight. I mean,
this is a huge game. He had opportunities.
Once again, he had a clear shot
and the pass wasn't the right move and he doesn't take the
shot. So you do wonder when a guy's not
playing well as he hurt.
I think another factor, too, is the Bruins, they lost another defenseman in the game
where they had to go down to 5-D. I mean, how tackling is that as a former
defenseman going down to 5-D? I mean, how bad is it to deal with as
a defenseman? It's really hard. And when you look at this team,
Chara takes so much heat and he takes
abuse from fans.
And when he gets the puck, it's not the prettiest thing in the world.
Although he made a great play coming down the wall and the coil goal to make
it one, one, but God, are they going to miss him if he's out?
And when I started getting texts from buddies, you know,
what do you think it is?
Like, I don't think it's a concussion.
Cause I don't think he would have been allowed back on the bench.
It isn't just stitches though, because he would have been playing.
So I almost wonder if it's a broken jaw.
And he's sitting there just trying to be
I mean, I thought it was kind of hilarious that he's just the ultimate gate guy,
as Biz has talked about.
I'm sure he wasn't as good as you were, Biz, at opening the door.
But, man, that sucks.
And if he's out for the Bruins, that's a tough loss
because just the amount of minutes he can play
and the amount of space he takes up,
you can be a Bruins fan and think you know what you're talking about
saying Chyra sucks.
My father-in-law says it all the time.
I say, Dave, what the fuck are you talking about?
How dumb are you?
He doesn't suck.
He takes up room.
He makes people  he forces people to make plays they don't want to do,
so it'll be an enormous loss.
But for him to not play in that  the rest of that game, it isn't stitches,
and I don't think you're allowed on the bench if you have a concussion.
So if it's a broken jaw, he's pretty much fucked.
I just couldn't believe, you know, the bad luck that the Bruins had
with him going down.
And I'll say, the loss of Gislyk is so much bigger than people think
because of how well he was playing, how well he can skate,
how well he can move it.
You see Dunn come back in the lineup.
I mean, the Bruins are missing a guy like Dunn and Matt Grislyk.
And I'll tell you right now, this Clifton kid is an unbelievable story.
He's played great.
He's getting a little bit  what's the word, Biz, I'm looking for?
What's the word when you just  Well, he's getting a little bit exposed what's the word, Biz, I'm looking for? What's the word when you just
Well, he's getting a little bit exposed now.
A little bit exposed.
I think Grizzly really helped him, and right now you're seeing,
ah, I'm kind of left out in old man's land right now.
And so it's an enormous loss to lose another top six D-man.
Yeah, of course.
I mean, both games the Bruins have lost this series.
They have gone down to five defensemen.
You mentioned Coyle was ninth of the playoffs.
He's been having a fucking stellar run.
You mentioned the play by Char along the wall.
Then it was tied 1-1.
Great play by Sundquist inside his own.
Ends up making a perfect change.
He headmands the puck, goes off,
and Shen makes a glorious play to Petrangelo back across the ice and he finds a way to get
that puck through and Tarasenko, that's your dream. Your dream as a player is you come off
the bench, you go right down the pipe, full tilt poker and he ends up putting it in blocker side
on Rast. That gives him the 2-1 lead. Now, right after that, I would say towards the end of the second period,
maybe just over the halfway point, St. Louis was pouring it on.
That was insane, that shift.
Two minutes where they ended up turning over that Perron line.
They had a great shift, ended up turning over to the Tarasenko line,
and they draw the penalty.
Now goes back to special teams, and it's been killing St. Louis
so far this series.
They're up 2-1.
They have full control of that hockey game.
They're dominating completely, and then they end up giving up a shorty.
A beautiful play by Marchand, knowing that he didn't have that passing lane
along the ice, puts it right up to Bergeron, right around his hand area.
Bergeron calmly just gloves it down, puts it right up to Bergeron, right around his hand area. Bergeron calmly just gloves
it down, puts it right in his wheelhouse. And you're out of your goddamn mind if you don't
think that he saw somebody in a Bruins jersey going backdoor. And it ended up being Carlo,
a great read by him. And what's he do? He doesn't shoot it high, off the pads nice pop goes right back door to to carlo and he ties
the thing up i was a little bit nervous going into that second intermission for st louis and and i
don't know ra i did you i mean as a boston bruins fan you must have felt pretty good having not
played that great in that game going into the third period tied to two absolutely i mean they
would they would be in being thoroughly outplayed.
Like you said, Biz, I watched the clock.
It was about a six- to seven-minute stretch with the puck.
I don't think it left the Bruins zone once,
and if it did, it came right back in.
They couldn't get a change.
You could tell they didn't want to ice it
because the guys were gassed.
They were just trying to get a whistle, do something.
Somehow they didn't give up a goal,
and then the Bruins come down and get a shorty.
But the third period, man, once St. Louis got that lead,
they just clogged the middle.
I mean, they outshot the Bruins 13- four in the third period. They just gave them nothing. I mean, I don't think the Bruins had but two or three scoring chances late in the game.
And even when they pulled the goalie, they had no real opportunities to get a goal there. Like St.
Louis just did a fantastic job. And they had, I mean, there was only two penalties they had to
kill, but they did a great job killing them. They didn't really give up any prime scoring chances on
the Bruins power plays as well. So, you know, St. job killing them. They didn't really give up any prime scoring chances on the Bruins foul plays as well.
So, you know, St. Louis cleaned up.
They played a perfect game tonight.
And before I throw it over to you, I made a mistake.
It wasn't Sundquist on the change.
It was Blaze.
So we've talked a lot all year about the Bruins' fourth line,
but Jesus, this Blues' fourth line, and I know Sundquist coming back made a huge difference.
Berube talked about how important he was, and he was a factor tonight,
but that fucking Barbashev, Jesus, he hammered McAvoy on the wall.
He hammered someone else behind the net.
I can't think of who it was.
He was running around doing whatever he wanted out there.
That entire game was set, the physical element of the game
was set immediately by the Blues,
and the Bruins couldn't get out of their own zone.
I mean, that one shift, I think it was actually three minutes
where it was like, you know, I couldn't believe they didn't score.
They ended up drawing a penalty.
I think when Carlo couldn't clear it a couple times.
Ironically enough, he ends up getting the shorty,
but it was just domination and you it's
true they were down two to two going in the third you got to look at that as a positive but
then in the third period for them to come out continue the way they're playing and then what
happens it's another rebound it's that that was a tough rebound now the first goal that the um
the Tarasenko goal was a great pay by Petrangeli he He hit that little toe drag, changed the angle enough to get a shot
with a little bit of a screen.
You know, not much Tuca can do on that one.
I thought that the goal that won it by O'Reilly, that rebound wasn't great.
I think that if you're going to say to Tuca,
that's one when you  that needs to be kicked to the corner,
right out into the slot.
It's tough for a D-man to pick up a guy when a rebound's going to him like that well it actually hit his blocker i believe and that was a laser well
i was gonna say dude i don't know i know it is blocker but i don't know it listen it was a great
um instinctive play by o'reilly that thing came hot off his blocker and next thing you know it
was in the back of that it was a bang bang play i agree that obviously the rebound was in the slot area so not a great rebound and you will
be judged on that but that was such a bang bang play that i just give credit for for how hard he
got that off with a half clapper and just o'reilly's instincts to track that down that's
exactly what i wrote this bang bang play and i think you i think you got to give credit for
petran's wolf for putting the puck where he
did because he put it in a spot where
Rask really couldn't corral it. He couldn't kick it out.
It was just, you know, he had to play it up high
like that. He really couldn't do much with it. I mean, it was
a tough, tough spot. One other guy
I thought had a great game. I mean, it was
all for naught was Carlo in Z's
absence. He really stepped up both ends of the ice.
Brandon Carlo, he's a guy that, you know, didn't
get any playoff action last year,
but he had a strong game tonight.
And, yeah, a tough night for Rask.
I mean, Binnington got the job done down his end.
But Rask, you know, tough rebounds there.
He played well, just a couple of bounces.
Now, the second O'Reilly goal, that was like off the ice still.
Didn't he bat that out of the air?
It looked like it was just coming down.
I think it was on the ice.
Either way, it was quick.
It was great hand-eye.
No surprise that he's able
to pull that off. This series, though,
is wild because it's so...
It's been such
different games. One and two and then three
and four. It's like... I know tonight
was very competitive. I think tonight,
even though the Blues dominated,
you sensed that there were moments
the Bruins had it going. In game
two, I didn't really think they did.
I know it went to overtime, but it was like the Blues have figured out
after losses exactly what they have to do.
And what's funny is that the Bruins can't continue to, you know,
have that same effort that was able to help them get the wins
that they needed to take control of the series.
I mean, you win game one, all right, here we go.
And then, you know, you lose game two.
Then you get the series momentum back in game three,
and you're not able to sustain the same type of effort in game four.
So you can't put it on just them because the Blues came out rocking.
They came out playing better, but it's been odd.
And with the two days off again now, you know,
we don't have game five until Thursday night.
It just makes it like a weird series to watch so far. I don't know about you guys.
There hasn't been a ton of flow. It's like
one team really dominates. There aren't
really chances exchanged back and forth, which I
think makes sense when you're watching the Blues and how they
play. But, R.A., more than anything,
you said it. This first line for the Bruins,
man, if they don't get going,
they can
win series. They've been able to win series
without them playing their best
to win the Cup, though.
I don't know if that'll be able to happen.
I was very interested by Berube's comments prior to Game 4
about officiating, especially, I would call it even to this point
in the series.
And then in that Game 4, I think the Blues might have got away
with a little bit more than what the Bruins were.
And the more physical this series becomes,
more so the advantage goes to the Blues.
And I thought that they did a good job of running them around the ice.
And moving forward in this series, boys,
I say all the momentum is in St. Louis' favor
for the examples of them,
of Bruins being a little bit banged up on the back end now.
It should be interesting who they're going to insert in the lineup
if Z's not allowed to go.
And, of course, Grizzly, I would imagine,
is he done for the series?
They haven't said, but he's going to try to get back.
I mean, who knows?
But, I mean, the longer this goes,
of course they got Sanford playing well now
in back-to-back games since being inserted.
He's had an assist in each of those games.
They got Sundquist back after a suspension, so he's got fresh legs,
and we know how that fourth line's been playing.
I mean, boys, all signs point to my predictions, Blues and six.
So people heard the comments by Berube and said, well, what's going on?
I think it's been evenly reffed, whatever,
here and there.
There's been a couple calls.
Both teams could complain.
Both teams could be happy.
That's not why he said it.
I mean, that's totally, totally just to try to get one call.
If those comments get you one call, and they did.
They did early in that game.
You could say, all right, you know what?
I don't know about that penalty.
Well, if you get the head coach of the blues bitching to the media i mean you can't tell me that that doesn't
somehow resonate with whoever's refereeing they would never admit it they would say no but i'm
telling you that those type of complaints they get public they get a little catch a little bit
of steam especially with the media and all of a sudden there's a call going the blues blues way.
And that game was full of embellishment too.
There was a couple of moments, you know, not a huge fan of that.
The Tarasenko play on a, was that high?
And he didn't even get him.
He went to cold shoulder him and then missed him and just kind of threw his
head back.
The reverse head, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I listen, this, the refereeing has not been an enormous issue for either team,
I don't think.
But when you see a coach complain,
they could not even be disappointed in the games prior.
It's solely to get something going for that next game,
and you could say it worked.
Amazing if that was a card he was holding in his hand
in order to drop right before game four
because it was their most disciplined game.
They only took two minors and they didn't feed into that Boston power play as
much as they have in the past,
especially after what did they give up the game before four goals on four
opportunities.
They did lose that special teams to me is if,
if St.
Louis is able to not only stay disciplined,
but dial it in a little bit,
even though they did lose the special teams battle
because they did give up that shorthanded goal,
but that's really  that's fucking all they gave them.
They dominated most of that game, boys.
They did a great job of whistleblow, get away.
What's the point of what was going on before
when they're making these stupid decisions in between  at the whistle?
What's the point of that?
You're not even gaining momentum.
You saw Marshawn trying to get something going when he put his stick
in Binnington's pads.
But, you know, with the Bruins, too, you got to look at
and when they're winning, you know, it's all lovey-dovey.
Everyone in Boston's happy.
And when they're losing, you got to look at guys
and we've mentioned the first line, but you see DeBrusque right now.
I mean, I don't know what's going on there.
And Krejci, I thought at times tonight looked good.
He looked fast.
He was pushing the pace.
But on his line, I mean, they're not getting anything done.
So you look at the first time.
You also got to mention this second line who's had a big,
big job in scoring all year long.
And for them to kind of disappear and be real quiet,
it's just another issue that Bruins got to look at right now.
Yeah, those top two lines.
I mean, Bacchus,
Krejci, and what's his face?
They're doing nothing. I mean, they're getting all these offensive
zone shots. They're getting no chances.
I mean, they're getting no shots on net of any
real quality. And I think
Cassidy probably doesn't want to break those two
lines up because he probably doesn't want to break his third and fourth
lines up. He should start mingling the top
two lines and, you know, mixing and matching with
those guys because I don't think he's getting
anything from that second line and, frankly, not much from the first line.
But like I said, you don't want to mess with the Coyle-Johansson chemistry
or that fourth line chemistry.
So I found next game he's got to juggle those top six around.
I like that call, R.A., and do you want to read that quote, Witt,
from Berube about the officiating?
Yeah, let me grab it right here.
Okay, so Craig Berube before Game 4 said,
we were the least penalized team in the first three rounds,
and now all of a sudden we've taken 17 penalties in one series.
Well, yeah, you guys have.
So you could blame the refs, and you could say it's unfair,
but in the end it worked.
I mean, the Blues got a couple calls.
The series is tied up.
And shout out also, I know I gave Rask a little bit of heat for that rebound.
He had some moments where, I mean, without him tonight,
there's no chance they were even in the game.
He still had moments when the ice was tilted that he was kicking out everything
and looking calm.
And in the other crease, Binnington, man, he said he was ready, and he was.
That's a bounce-back game.
That's a guy who's been able to bounce back,
and the first time he ever got pulled this year,
he bounces back with that effort, so good for him.
It's just so  I feel so stupid after games one and three
and thinking, all right, the Bruins are going to win this.
They're so much better.
Two and four, just what an opposite type series it looks like.
Now we've got best two out of three for the best trophy in sports.
And my biggest concern for the Bruins is the fact that in both of the wins
in this series for St. Louis, Binnington hasn't had to steal one.
They've given him very light work.
Just over 20 shots in both those wins they've given up.
I have a feeling he's going to go into Boston and steal one.
So that's my prediction.
And I know I had another prediction that was right tonight
with the shorthanded goal by the Boston Bruins.
No, I don't bet.
I'm scared shitless of gambling.
So no, I didn't put money on that one.
But that was my tip and my futures bet.
Hopefully a few of the listeners cashed in on that one.
R.A., did you make any money?
Biz, I would have jumped all over that because that's something I would bet.
I couldn't find it on any of my sites.
I threw it out to my Twitter followers.
Nobody could seem to find it.
Some of my fellow degenerates, they didn't have it on any of their sites.
It's just one of those ones you probably just would have found the right site
that was offering it because, yeah, I think it would have been a hell of a bet.
Man, I obviously would have jumped all over it, and it came through,
so kudos to you for making that call.
Well, I think that was a pretty good breakdown of Game 4, boys
and you listeners who are still
on board. I'd imagine we've lost, I would say
half of you by now because of the Game
3 and how much we were stroking off the Bruins,
but this has been an emotional rollercoaster.
Every game, it's swaying my
opinion as to who can win this Stanley Cup, so
that's a good thing. We're going minimum six
games. I hope it goes to seven back in Boston.
And is there anything else you guys would like to talk about tonight?
I think if the Blues go on to win the Stanley Cup,
it'll forever be like Brett Hull coming out and screaming,
let's go Blues, while flipping off the other team.
I mean, what a complete legend.
That guy was out there screaming.
He actually kissed YP's.
How about his haircut, too?
It looks phenomenal.
Is that a fade?
Yeah, it's a fade.
Yeah, he kissed YP's little fucking rat there, too.
Hopefully he doesn't come down with Ebola.
Another thing, too, is Dave was sitting in the crowd,
and when St. Louis had made it 3-2,
some bald guy behind him st louis fan ends up
whipping him with his towel in the head i mean that's assault brother so dave dave wasn't too
happy about it obviously online overreacted and there's chaos going on and uh i thought this one
was funny although i don't condone any type of physical violence, especially in a stadium full of you drunk morons.
Unless you get paid for it.
It's just a towel.
Don't make such a big deal about it.
So a nice little play on what happened at home in game two with the towel experiment and how it pissed off everybody online.
Now, moving away from this series, there is some other hockey talk.
Dave Tippett, we haven't talked about him
yet, are we? No, we haven't. Edmonton Oilers, I think we briefly mentioned actually last week,
but we never get into it. The Edmonton Oilers hired Dave Tippett to be their next head coach
three weeks after Ken Holland was brought on to get the Oilers back on track. I'd say that's a
great move. He last coached the Yotes back in 2016-17. He was recently a senior advisor with
the Seattle franchise,
but he said the coach and bug got him, and this was a great opportunity
for him to coach Connor McDavid, no doubt, so he jumped at it.
The 57-year-old Tippett previously coached Dallas for six seasons
and the Yotes for eight, and he won the Jack Adams Award in 2010.
Biz, you're pretty familiar with Tippett.
Yeah, a very structured, defensive-minded coach.
That's when he was with the arizona
coyotes i think everybody's question mark going into this hire was you know can you teach an old
dog new tricks and he's he's a very very intelligent guy he's he's methodical he he's he's
been around the game forever he was a shutdown centerman back in the day. I think he played for the North Stars and with a few other teams.
But I think that this is a good hire and I love him. He's a great players coach, really good to his guys. Very conversational about it, you know, asking guys, you know,
when should we take our days off? You know, practice is our heart. He whips guys into shape,
especially training camp. So I would imagine their first training camp, uh, he'll be whipping them into shape because
he wants a good start for that team.
Let them gain their confidence back.
Um, do I think they're going to make the playoffs in their first year?
I don't know.
I, I just, I feel like it's going to take a few years in order to, to, to, to, you know,
get some new blood in there, but who knows, man? Sometimes a coaching change, as we've seen with Berube and St. Louis,
can be the world of difference.
A lot of people are comparing him to Hitchcock as well
because they coach fairly similarly.
Big word for me.
But I'm happy for Tip because it's evident that he wanted to get back
into coaching.
Those competitive itch got him, and he's back in the league.
So, Tip, congrats if you're listening.
I don't know if sometimes you do tune in,
but hopefully we'll get him on too for an interview.
But that might be tough now that he's in Edmonton under the microscope.
You've got to trust Ken Holland, right?
The coaches he's hiring, he knows what he's doing.
He's done this long enough where if he decides Dave Tippett's the guy,
why wouldn't you trust completely what Ken Holland's decided to do with the
franchise? And I also think this St. Louis team,
I don't know if it'll resonate in the years to come,
but you got to think that teams aren't going to be as quick to give up on what
they have, right? right i mean they've
proven they're in last place we've heard it over the story a million times january 3rd i mean you
got to think maybe moving forward if a if a team in a gm really believes that this that that they
can get it done with what they have maybe people don't panic maybe we'll maybe coaches last a
little bit longer because it wasn't just getting Berube because the first 18 games he was
there they were the same team under Mike Yeo so we'll see what happens moving forward in terms of
not giving up on your on your club if they're really struggling the first couple months but
what an incredible run and good luck to the Oilers I mean they're gonna need help they're gonna need
they're gonna they're gonna need a coach who knows what he's doing and they're also gonna need some
some updates to the roster because it's not just the coach that's at fault there the past couple years yeah and if you are an oilers fan
you definitely have to feel a lot better about the franchise today than you did a month ago i mean you
got kenny hall in the charge you bring it in tip it i mean everything's better already i mean there's
still a lot of fat to be cut from that roster and some probably paying ahead but at least things are
moving in the right direction and other coaching uh chains that walk i should say hi we briefly
mentioned a couple weeks back,
the Ottawa Senators found their man as well.
They named DJ Smith as the head coach.
42-year-old former NHL defenseman spent the last four years
as an assistant to Mike Babcock.
Prior to that, he led the OHL's Oshawa Generals to the Memorial Cup in 2015.
So he's a guy who made his bones in the juniors,
got four years with Babcock behind the bench,
and now he's getting his shot.
42-year-old guy, relatively young and busy.
Are you familiar with him at all?
So I play with a guy named Danny Sabourin,
and he was a fighter for us in Ontario as well as Manchester.
We won the Calder Cup, not a big deal.
And that was, I believe, the year we won the Calder Cup
was the year that Oshawa Generals went on to win the Memorial Cup.
Sabrin had him in Oshawa, said he loved him.
One bullshit thing that I've been reading online is a lot of people are like,
oh, that's the only thing they could afford because he's a younger coach
and they didn't have to pay him what they would have had to pay,
say, let's say, Dave Tippett, because I believe Tippett's making
just under 3 million a year.
But it's nice to see some new blood and new guys get hired.
So let's see what this guy can do.
He coached under Babcock.
I'm sure he learned a few things.
As we know, Babcock is a very well-prepared coach.
And I'm interested to see what he does.
So don't discredit this guy.
He won at the OHL level.
Now he coached with Toronto and got some experience.
So good luck to DJ Smith, and especially what I heard from Danny Sabourin.
He's a fucking awesome guy, and the players love him.
So we'll see.
I never heard a bad thing about him.
So no surprise he's getting a shot in the NHL.
It's going to be a tough little road there in Ottawa.
But it's good to see a guy like that get a chance.
I'm down with the new blood, the new coaching hires.
Dude, I said Danny Sabourin.
I played with him in Wilkes-Barre.
It's Scott Sabourin.
I was like, yeah, I thought Sabourin was our goalie.
Yeah, Scott Sabourin.
I thought you knew another Danny Sabourin.
Yeah, I thought that.
He was a goalie, right, Danny Sabourin?
Yeah, he was.
You guys know the names aren't my thing.
Come on.
I know, it's all right.
But, no, it's nice to see them not going with, like, one of the old boys,
you know, the old boys network, some 70-year-old guy who's hanging on
for another job, and they went with some young blood.
Hey, and remember, you know, I mean, people want to knock him, Biz,
from where he came from.
Pat Burns started off fucking coaching high school, I believe,
or Banthams, and worked his way all up to the Hall of Fame.
So, you know, every guy's got to start somewhere.
And right now, the Ducks are the only team currently without a head coach. They're still looking apparently. And before we
cut to our second guest, David Ling, who, by the way, he's got what I think the longest hockey
database page out there. It is unreal. This guy's played all over the planet. Awesome guy. I've
heard so many crazy stories about him. Although he, when we did interview him, he, he seemed a
bit nervous and maybe we'll get him on
a later date uh we mentioned that he'd been on the terry ryan podcast um but you know sometimes
guys come on and they freeze up a little bit because they're nervous about what they're saying
and maybe if they're going to throw someone on the bus um hopefully you guys enjoy it and you
get some laughs um so let's toss it over to linger what do you think though wit i thought i thought
it was great we had a couple delays maybe with the internet and the connection.
But without knowing and without ever hanging out with him,
I would almost guarantee that if you had a couple beers with him
hanging out at a bar, it would be an absolute blast.
So I think people will enjoy it.
He's got some funny little lines there.
And I'm happy he came on.
I love when anyone comes on and joins us no matter how it goes.
So we'll throw it right over now to David Ling.
This interview is brought to you by Quip.
It's time to celebrate your new graduation.
Or check off that annual gift for dad.
Treat their teeth to an electric toothbrush from Quip
and help them build good habits for the future.
The signature guiding features will not only be a gentle reminder
to stick to a daily self-care routine,
but will keep their smile bright wherever they go. Quip has the sensitive sonic vibrations for
an effective clean that's gentle on your sensitive gums because people often brush too hard and some
electric toothbrushes are way too abrasive. The built-in two-minute timer pulses every 30 seconds
to let you know when to switch sides and help you clean your whole mouth evenly because 90
of us don't brush for a full two minutes or they don't clean evenly.
Brush heads are automatically delivered on a dentist-recommended schedule every three months for just 5.
A friendly reminder when it's time for a refresh and to stay committed to your oral health because 75 of us use old, worn-out bristles that are ineffective.
Quip is one of the first electric toothbrushes accepted by the ADA.
They're backed by over 25,000 dental professionals.
They have thousands of verified five-star reviews.
I'm a big fan of Quip because the brushes they give you at the dentist office are cheap
and they fall apart quick, but that doesn't happen with Quip.
So that's why I love Quip and over 1 million happy, healthy mouths do as well.
Quip starts at just 25.
And if you go to getquip.com slash chicklets right now,
you can get your first refill pack for free.
That's your first refill pack free at getquip.com slash chicklets.
Our next guest has perhaps the longest stat page on hockeydb.com.
He was drafted by Quebec on the seventh round of the 93 draft,
and he played in five NHL seasons in the pre-salary cap era,
racking up 93 games with the Canadians and Blue Jackets.
But he also played for 21 other teams in a dozen other leagues
spanning the globe, taking the ice everywhere from Indianapolis
to Moscow and from Nottingham to Utah.
Welcome to the Spitting Chiplets podcast, David Ling.
How's it going?
Good. How you doing, pal?
What are you up to these days?
I'm living in Oakville, just hitting the real world.
It's not real.
Oakville?
You must have saved some of that money.
Yeah, I had some bad investments.
Two marriages.
That'll get expensive.
Unbelievable. So you got quite the the hockey db man very interesting and on top of all the
places you played of course you were drafted by the nordiques like just another weird wrench in
the mix uh why don't why don't we go back to to the beginning where did you grow up and where did
you play your minor hockey i grew up in uh charlestown pei and uh that's where
i started playing minor hockey and right up through there played tier two there too before i went to
st mike's so my junior coach back there was forby kennedy the fighter the old guy that played in
nhl i have no no clue who that is 19 yeah you were you weren't even nearly born by then. It was 19. You played in the 60s, 50s and 60s.
You're like the Tom Brady of hockey, man.
You've been playing for like 25 years.
Like you're 44 years old, and I think you just retired, what, last year?
Yeah, I played some East Coast league the year before, yeah.
I always thought I wanted to play until I was 40, but I didn't.
It was reality.
Well, you did. You did end up playing.
Oh, yeah.
No, I did.
But this was back when I was in my 20s.
I was saying, well, I wish I could play until I'm 40.
Yeah, everyone's probably, well, fuck Langer.
Look at you.
You're just ripping it up off the ice.
Probably not going to play until you're 43.
Let's just slow it down.
And then you still did it anyways.
Well, I'm looking here.
Okay, so you go to Kingston.
I mean, were you a high pick
in the ohl because you just lit that league up yeah so i i first went to st mike's because i had
to i got caught i got caught drinking at denver 17 and sudbury so i had to go back i wanted to
play in the ohl so i had to go up to st mike's to uh i guess let people know that I was more serious.
And I ended up getting drafted in the second round at Kingston.
First pick that year was Lindros, Brett Lindros.
Yeah, you played with him.
I saw that on HockeyDB.
What was it like?
And I would imagine there was probably a few more cameras around because he was on the team at the time.
Yeah, he came in and Eric was and so it was it was a big name
we sold out and most mostly all the burns just because of his name coming in now was was he
overhyped did he play up to the ability that that they thought he was going to be because i mean his
brother had had already been tearing it up and all of a sudden he comes in after, same size, basically looks the same too.
Were they expecting the same type of offensive output?
I think they noticed early that he wasn't going to be an offensive superstar.
He'd be an average player.
In junior, like you said, he was so big and strong,
some teams were sending 2D on him as he's going wide. So he had so much strength at 16 that it was, you know,
it's almost like it shouldn't even, in a child like that,
it was man strength.
David, what was the story of your first NHL call-up at Montreal?
That must have been quite a thrill for you, no?
Yeah, I was in a bar, no cell phones.
Brad Brown, who played, I was playing with him in Fredericton.
And he calls me on the house phone at the University of New Brunswick bar.
And he says, you got called up.
And I had a few beer in me.
I said, fuck off, and hung up the phone.
They kept trying to call back.
And he ended up having to come down to the bar to get
you know because there was six or seven of us there in the afternoon and uh
i finally believed him but that so it was it was kind of surreal and then i get called up and
well the first time i got called up i didn't play a shift or didn't even play came back down then i uh called me up going into montreal to play
hockey night in canada with uh against boston so the nerves were were shot going up there
how'd your first game go uh you know i got there was a picture of me hitting vork the next day but
that was one of my four shifts or five shifts.
Biz knows those many shifts.
Isn't there an iconic photo of you burying him
and you have a picture of it
signed by him?
It looks like I'm hammering
him, but in reality, I hit him
and bounced off and fell down and he
kept going with the puck.
Bob was a refrigerator.
Fuck, I don't think nobody ever hammered him.
I know.
It looks like I did, but not a chance.
So, one of your first games,
pretty good chirp from Matthew Barnaby,
and this is during warm-up, I presume?
Yeah, so Reginald comes down to Frederick
and calls me up and says,
tomorrow you're fighting barnaby in
buffalo i was like oh yeah okay so i knew him from tyler moss and jr a little bit and i so i
knew him so i get to i'm shitting i'm shitting myself all night because you know you have to
fight the next day you never you're always thinking that you might get knocked out whatever
the worst so i get into warm-up and i said to to him, I said, Bernie, I have to fight you.
He said, what the fuck?
Number you got on? Is that your height?
I was wearing 51.
Did you end up
going to him?
No, I didn't get one shift.
No.
Get the fuck out of here.
Get out of the bench.
It ended up being
4-5-1 for them, and I didn't
get one shift, and they sent me
back down the next day.
Wow, that's a...
So you didn't get credit for a game
then? No, but I got...
There's one of the three games early with my draw.
One of the games was in Philly against
the Legion of Doom line,
and I get out there with Darcy Tucker, center,
and me and Dave Wilkie, who was a D.
And they had last changed and put that line out.
They win the face-off, and the whole bench, the trainer,
and probably the media guys in back are yelling for all three of us
to get off as fast as we could.
I think it ended up being three, four seconds, and that's one of my games.
Oh, that was your only shift.
Hey, what was the famous chirp from Lindros to Tucker?
He says, how much would it take to buy you out?
Like he was going to pay for it.
Yeah, he was going to pay for it. Yeah, he was going to pay for it.
Get out of here.
Oh, man.
I always wonder what it would be like to play in Kansas City.
You played there for a little bit,
and you actually have a funny story about one of your teammates.
Oh, yeah.
Paul McClain's coaching, you know, the Walrus there.
So, Dodie Woods, a fighter that played in San Jose and was up and down,
and he always fucked around.
And one day I come in and shower up, and I think we're going out,
and I put on my suit after the game, and the pants are sewn up at the bottom,
so I can't get my feet in.
Did you proceed to do anything with the pants yeah we we made them into shorts and
we left it was a it was kind of a new style so i walked out of the rink with cut off pants which
with my suit on jeez i gotta pry these stories out of you man hey
hey like well i didn't know what story were you relating to
well yeah you got so many it's tough you got to be more like specific well i i got a question
though because you i mean you played a lot of seasons in the ihl and the ahl like back when
they were both around was one considered better than the other was it better to be in the a or
the i like how did that work the first the The first couple years, there was only one or two teams
that even had an affiliation.
So it was a lot of older guys that had a lot of NHL experience
that were making more money than an American League team could pay.
But it was, you know, you go into the corner.
I remember going into the corner and Glenn Featherstone
coming behind me going, I'm coming in. I'm on your right side. Turn left.
Holy fuck. You got anything
all right? David, you played in Kansas City like Biz just mentioned.
Do you think an NHL team would work in Kansas City? Yeah, you know, they drew quite a bit.
I think they drew a 4 or 5 in's a big  and I think they jerk draw four or five
in the East Coast League now.
I don't  I think it could because, you know, the Chiefs are there
and it's Kansas City and Missouri and Kansas.
So it's right on the border.
There's a lot of people right there.
So, yeah, I think it could.
You spent quite a few years in the AHL and the IHL.
What was it that eventually led you over to Europe?
Was it money?
Was it you want to see the world, more ice time?
What led you over to Europe?
The lockout.
Oh, shit.
You lit it up the year before.
Well, so then, yeah, then I was just one of those numbers
that didn't play another game after.
And then they came calling because I did have a good year,
the lockout
year in in St. John's and I ended up going to uh to Russia for parts of four years after that
outside of the NHL was the KHL the best league you played in as far as quality of play
yeah I think like the the skill wise it's it's uh there was you know I think
that year there was, I think,
11 or 12 on the national team that were still playing the league.
Yager was there.
They gave him a gas station when he got there.
But he was there.
Like, there was some really, really good players,
and the talent was really, really well.
But the coaching was brutal.
Like, all the coaches on every team, that was the downfall.
They weren't tough. What do you mean by, all the coaches on every team, that was the downfall. They weren't tough.
What do you mean by that?
The coaches were bad.
Obviously, the communication probably wasn't there,
and you needed a translator, but just what?
Like, the feedback you were getting from your play?
Well, no, just by watching them practice
and watching them coach on the bench.
Like, on the bench, we were all put in units of five,
five, three sets, four sets of four.
So we're set of five and all he would say the whole game is the four colors,
the one who was up next.
So it was like they didn't do anything.
And then one year I had this assistant coach rush in
and talk about the language barrier.
He comes into the sauna and there's translators in the sauna.
And I'm there and he asks, does David know Russian yet?
And so the translator asked him, I said, is he serious?
So back and forth he goes.
And I said to him, if I learned, I don't know.
And if I had to learn the language, I'd have to listen to you every day.
And he takes off, slams the door,
and they don't talk to me again the rest of the year.
Any other funny Russian stories that you can remember?
Well, like the airports were ridiculous.
1940s.
Looked like you were in a movie half the time.
But there was guys on my team would uh because
one year i played in habaras which is near china and we're we were on the plane um like our closest
trip was five hours so that these the russians would uh take sleeping pills and drink on the plane. And there was a couple of times where there's four guys passed out on the,
in the alley and in another six guys in their seat,
pass out in the morning,
couldn't wake them up like crazy stories like that.
When,
when you left Russia,
you went back,
you played Toronto Marlies for one year,
another solid year,
like,
and then it's back to Switzerland. So what you came home, maybe give it one more shot. You're like, you played Toronto Marlies for one year, another solid year. And then it's back to Switzerland.
So what, you came home, maybe give it one more shot,
and you're like, fuck this, I can make more money over in Europe?
Well, the year I came back to the Marlies,
my dad ended up getting sick and passing away in the process of the year.
So that's why I came back the first time, just to be closer to home.
And the Marlies were really good.
They let me go home once a week, nearly.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
So that's what brought me back.
Yeah, no, that's no problem.
But that's the reason it brought me back the first time.
And then it basically, you know, after you get to a certain point,
the money does drive you to go to different places that you normally wouldn't.
There's a story in Russia where i was getting paid in russian spartek which is moscow spartek
which is uh like the original six over there one of the teams and the first time i'm there me and
tyler moss and they say it's payday and we go up into the attic of the rink and there's a line of
us all in the line there waiting to get paid.
I walk in.
It's a small little broom closet.
There's a 70-year-old lady with a money counter and a pad with everyone's name and amount they made
and then a big mob guy in back with a gun.
So it was a table, money counter, bag of money,
and two people and one with a gun.
Just like the way
the Montreal Canadiens do it.
Oh, alright.
Linger didn't like your joke.
Linger gave you the worst
laugh.
Linger, this is what you did to laugh.
You went...
You couldn't have given
less fucks on that laugh than what you did why hey why did you like
you were a complete terror playing over here and then you went to russia and just
it seems like the pims were down like were you just not bullying people
or nobody wanted to fight you well yeah there was no at that there was no you know no one would
no one would fight there There was no misconduct.
So it was like it was either a minor or you.
So it's just it was it was there was probably only four penalties, penalties a game.
And it was all the home team because they would our budget.
We were a small team and our budget for the ref was twenty three thousand a game.
So like we paid the ref twenty three,000 to give us more power play.
Did you have any experiences with the Russian gas we hear so much about?
No, I never had a car.
They would get you a driver.
Yeah, no, that's good.
We wouldn't want you driving over in Russia because, I mean, they drive like maniacs.
Linger, I played against you during the lockout.
You were in Nottingham.
What was your experience like in that English league?
I liked it.
It was getting better, as you know.
I don't know if  Biz went over there and was highly skilled.
Did you have over a point a game there?
I did, buddy.
That's actually the only reason I brought you on this goddamn podcast,
so you could talk about my stats and how good I was.
Yeah, I thought that was leading into that.
Yeah, when I got to Nottingham, I went there because they were giving me
a chance to get my MBA, and I didn't have an undergrad,
and they kept calling, calling.
I said, I'll only do my MBA.
If you can't do that, I'm not coming.
And they finally worked it out, and I went over and had, you know,
parts of two different years.
But it was  Nottingham is a really good city.
I enjoyed Nottingham.
And you played with Anthony Stewart that year.
I played with him in under 18. A funny guy.
Great Twitter follow.
Oh, he's so funny on Twitter.
What do you got for Anthony Stewart's stories?
Well, you know, he wasn't there very long,
and then I think he got injured.
But he enjoyed Nottingham, too, and he played pretty good, too.
How nice was playing in Switzerland, David?
It seems like an awesome place to play.
Yeah, you know, it was a pretty city.
I played there, and Nick Ehlers, his dad was my coach,
and so he was about eight or nine and flying around there.
And the dad, I remember one story he calls me in.
I'm leading the team in scoring.
He says, we're bringing in another import.
You're only allowed four.
So we're bringing in another one, and you're going to be the one sitting in the stands.
And I'm like, no, I'm not doing that.
And he says, yeah, you're not a team guy.
And I said, well, if you give me two more years years i'll be a team guy and she said no we
can't do that i said well i want i want to be i want to be traded so i was leaving the team in
score and they weren't going to dress me and they ended up trading my contract at house house
yokert in helsinki that's how i left nicky eller's dad that You don't want to be a team guy.
Sign me to three more years.
Get me on this team longer.
I'll be the biggest team guy you know.
Yeah.
There was one,
he wouldn't play me in the last five minutes of the game.
Wouldn't play me in overtime.
And then this one time,
I had taken my tape off and undid my skates
and was sitting down on the bench.
And the shootout comes and the first shooter, and he goes, David.
I'm like, no chance.
Not a fucking chance am I going out there.
David.
Maybe he didn't like you for your incident at that charity golf tournament in Charlottetown.
Yeah, so that was my brother.
I took a lot of
blame for a lot of stuff that he did.
We were
at the golf tournament.
We're at the golf tournament, and
Dennis
Bonvey bets my brother a couple
hundred bucks
to shit on the floor
in the bar.
My brother looks at him and says, yeah, I'll take that bet.
Goes into the bathroom, takes his pants off,
folds them neatly on the sink, comes back out,
takes a shit right in the dance floor and walks back into the bathroom to wipe his arse.
You're going to pass that off onto your brother are you are you shitting me because everybody
i've talked to said that was you no linger gets blamed for his brother's actions
no that was my brother for sure a deuce for a deuce oh my god i talked to three people who
told me that that was you so this is going to get very interesting.
I bet you're going to get a text from your brother tomorrow regarding that,
saying that motherfucker put that on the podcast.
David, you played a couple of years in Italy as well,
northern Italy up by the Alps.
Did you ever do any skiing?
Were you a big skier at all?
I did.
You know what?
We weren't allowed, and we had our names on the cars
so one so i would call we weren't allowed to go so i would call another guy and say i need to borrow
his car and he'd give it to me and i'd take it up it'd be in the key hill parking lot and i'd be
skiing and this guy'd be getting the blame how good was the skiing over there compared to, say, Quebec?
Well, you know, it's the Dominique Mountains, the Alps.
It was, you know, it was so beautiful up there. And anyone that likes skiing should experience that for sure
because it was quite the thing.
Did you have a tough time staying in shape when you played in Italy
just because the food's so good there?
You know, they had thin crust pizza, so it's almost,
and then pasta, yeah.
You know, I gained a little bit of weight.
There was one time in Italy, I just remember there was nothing to do.
There was 14,000 people in my city and it's the playoffs and
the whole year I went to the bar
and had a beer, ate dinner and had another
beer and
the owner
calls me up on the phone and says, you're in the bar
having a beer, night before a playoff game.
I said, yeah.
So?
It was just me and, yeah, so what?
It was only two beers and the he says well
you're fine five thousand dollars so i was like oh we're having a meeting the next day at the rink
and um they came in and said uh you're fine five thousand dollars and i said yeah okay um
and i was i was we're in playoffs, I think we were in game
four, and I said,
okay, well, I'm checked out,
I'm done, I'm leaving.
So they
take him and Ha and him and Ha, and they're like,
no, you have to pay 5,000. I said,
no problem, I'm packing up and
I'll be out of here tomorrow.
Long story short, they didn't find me the 5,000 and I ended up playing.
Well, that's a happy ending.
Yeah, you know, I guess.
We ended up losing, though, in the next series in the finals.
You still checked out?
Yeah.
You didn't hold up your end of the bargain?
Hey, Langer our first year retired.
How have you found it?
Are you just missing the game?
And also, did you just finally say it's time,
or could you not get a deal?
What made you shut her down after so many years of giving her?
Well, I was playing the last couple years in the East Coast League team.
I usually got called in January where they needed some help
and I just couldn't say no.
And the game so fast that I just kind of shelf life was there
and that was it.
I couldn't keep up anymore.
I'm still, you know, I'm living in Oakville.
I'm doing some financial work with IG Wealth Management.
I play with the Hamilton Steelhawks, the senior.
We host the Island Cup next year.
So you're managing people's money?
Yeah, managing their money, yep.
Fucking right, Slinger.
That's a transition and a half.
Prepare for the retirement.
Are you doing that because you got your MBA overseas prepare for the retirement. Is that,
are you doing that because you got your M what would you say?
You get your MBA overseas and you kind of basically just skipped regular university.
Didn't you?
You skipped the first four years.
Yeah.
I was a mature student.
They ended up getting,
they ended up getting me,
they ended up getting me in to do the MBA.
And yeah.
And when I came back,
you know,
I,
you need, you need a degree and some courses.
I did these courses.
I knew  ended up the owner of the Hamlin Steelhawks is actually in charge
of the district there.
So it's an opportunity that I really thought I should try out.
So you were 42, about 41, 42
in the East Coast League.
Were you basically like
Don Vito Corleone
just giving orders to everybody
because you probably
had so much respect
because you've been around
for so long?
Like,
on,
I don't think the respect
is there.
Like, it used to be,
you know,
I would get beat about
letting the kids play
and you're too old
to help with that.
Yeah.
Did you have to set them straight? punch somebody in the face well i've got a funny story my rookie year i'm playing in st john and mike
krusalinski got sent down to cape breton and we're playing them and i lean over the bench
and i said the exact same thing i said fucking let the kids play and And my coach, who was Paul Baxter,
he coached, ended up coaching in a general stuff.
He takes me outside, breaks a stick over the wall
and has the edge of it against my throat going,
that guy paved the way for you.
You treat him with respect.
So I got the lesson, but I think those lessons
are out the window in today's game.
So it came full circle on you then, huh?
Except I didn't have five cups.
Yeah, true.
That'll do it.
What are your thoughts on the way the league's going
and with all these head hits and every time there's a
even any type of body contact, there's an uproar.
Yeah, the game's so fast and so skilled,
but it is lacking, I think, that respect factor and whatnot.
But I think the NHL has taken the right stand on the head hits and stuff.
They were getting out of hand,
and a lot of guys losing their careers over it.
But the style of game is, you know, it's going to take time to get used to,
I'm sure.
Like when you were coming up, you know, undersized guys,
it was very rare they even got a chance.
Now it's no big deal.
Did you always think that that kind of held you back then?
I mean, you were putting up numbers no matter what
and didn't really get, I mean,
you got a chance in the NHL, but do you think
nowadays it'd almost be like, alright, I definitely
wouldn't be looked upon as a small guy who's got
to prove everything? Yeah, I think
the smaller guy now has a better
opportunity than definitely when I
started. It was a big man's game, and
if you weren't over six feet, you
didn't even get a look at.
In my situation, I wouldn't have been able, I wasn't a very fast skater,
so I wouldn't have been able to play in the league now.
It's way too fast.
The little guys are so fast and little water bugs.
The game now isn't for me.
Did you have someone along the way help you out with that,
like a mentor or anything like that?
Or was there a guy you watched on TV a little bit older than you
that you looked up to and kind of idolized him?
Well, yeah.
I grew up in PEI, and Gerard DeLamp, he's from PEI,
and he was in Detroit at the time.
And I wear number 17 after him. and he you know I looked up to
him he played a skilled game with a lot of toughness as well. Dave you begin your pro career in 1995
you wrapped it up about 22 years later what was the biggest change to the game that you saw in
that time? Just like Ben said you know the game's gone to a smaller game
with a lot more speed and skill and I think the game
I can't see
I don't know where it's going to go in 10 years because it's
so fast now and like even watching
McDavid big time
well Linger we want to
thank you for coming on man if there's any
last story that you want to tell
Witt's got one I got one question I kind
of hate you throwing you right under the gun here,
but is there anyone you think back as the funniest teammate you've ever had?
Well, I think one of them might be Terry Ryan.
He was a character.
He's classic.
I'll know.
Yeah, I only had him for one or two years,
and right when he was 20 And it was quite the event.
Actually, Terry Ryan sent me a couple notes to ask you about,
and I actually forgot to look at the text.
So he said to ask him about skiing behind Zambonis.
Yeah, that was in Nottingham in England.
It was after the second period.
We were up 7-1,
and the ref came out for the third period and slammed the door,
and the glass broke.
So they brought out the Zamboni to clean up the glass. And I used to do it at practice sometimes and get behind it
and pretend I'm water skiing.
So I'd look over at one of the guys, and I said, watch this.
And I took off and jumped behind it and did it.
I only got to center because it was
7-1 and I was entering their zone so I stopped out of the my costume ruckus if I went prior
he also told me to ask you some uh Forbes Kennedy stories yeah Forbes is the guy that coached me
with the tier two team in Charlottetown. And he was a fighter in the NHL.
And there was a couple of practices where he would make me fight the tough guys on the team in practice
while him and my dad sat there and laughed.
Shut the fuck up.
Yeah, and that happened two or three times.
But it ended up teaching me the uh the
toughness part of the game and what you had to do to get away nice well i gotta thank terry ryan
you actually went on his podcast uh a couple months ago did you not yeah i was on there yeah
a couple months ago another great podcast a few hockey fans want to give it a listen but uh linger
thanks for coming on here appreciate terry teaming up for a few last stories there.
And good luck with retirement, my friend.
All right.
Thanks, guys.
That interview was also brought to you by 23andMe.
Father's Day is right around the corner, and 23andMe's Health and Ancestry Kit is the perfect gift.
For a limited time, get 50 off 23andMe Health and Ancestry Kit through June 17th.
I did 23andMe last year, and it was awesome, man.
I got to find out the full extent of my ancestry.
Believe it or not, I was even somehow more Irish than I thought.
Also found out about some health issues I might not have been privy to before,
all because of 23andMe.
And it's a great gift for dad or anyone at this time of year.
Father's Day, I know Mother's Day just passed, but it's not too late.
Give dad a gift as unique as he is, though.
Discover how genes can influence well-being and lifestyle choices with insights into genetic weight,
muscle composition, sleep quality, and more.
Give dad a gift that's also insightful because trait reports give insights on how genetics can affect mosquito bite frequency,
motion sickness, fear of heights, and way more.
It's not just finding out where your family came from.
It's finding out your future health things and stuff that could affect you later in life. So explore where his DNA is
from out of 1,000 regions worldwide with the most comprehensive genetic ancestry breakdown on the
market. And you can even opt in to connect with people who share your DNA. You might have some
relatives out there you might want to meet. Then again, if you're like me, you might not want to.
Either way, this Father's Day, get 50 off 23andMe Health and Ancestry Kit at 23andMe.com slash chicklets.
That's the number, 23andMe.com slash chicklets.
Again, that's 23andMe.com slash chicklets.
Offer ends June 17th.
Big thanks once again to David Link for joining us.
Yeah, I like this.
It felt like it was 60 minutes.
We were kind of grilling him a little bit there.
We wish we could have told him to maybe take a cocktail,
relax a little ahead of time.
You know, we're just having fun.
We ain't going to dust anybody on this show.
Absolutely.
Yeah, we're here to have fun.
Anyways, there was a couple of Toronto making news again.
Nothing too bad this time.
Nikita Zaitsev made a formal trade request he wants out of Toronto.
In a translated interview, he was bitching to a Russian newspaper,
said the defense takes too much shit in Toronto.
He basically wants out.
He's going to be 28 in October.
He still has five years left on his deal at 4.5 million per year.
He's a guy, man.
I mean, you know, I know things weren't well for him there,
but a change of scenery and maybe a new system or whatever,
he could work out fine.
There's still a lot of time left on that contract.
And also Patrick Marleau is said to be fine with the move,
and he's going to be likely traded as well.
I guess he sold his house in Toronto a while ago.
His family found adjustments to Toronto, quote,
difficult the past two seasons.
That's per James Myrtle the past two seasons. That's
per James Myrtle at The Athletic. He's got a wife and four kids. They already moved back to San Jose.
He won't be an easy deal because of his bonuses structure. He's a 35 plus contract. As for the
upcoming season, he's going to be 40 when it starts and he's got a 6.25 million deal in the
last year of his current deal. So Biz, what's the on these two guys well uh rumor has that the coyotes are talking to him i read that on twitter my assumption would be
we have an exact same situation we've seen the last few years with them with the datsuk
and marion hosa uh take on marlo's salary and some assets will be coming towards the coyotes
i know we you know the coyotes are a team that spends about the floor
and and you know maybe they'll they'll dip into their pockets a little bit more to bring on a guy
who has experience because as you know the coyotes are a fairly young team coming up you know teach
guys you know how to be a professional and how to how to carry yourself at the rink and away from
the rink and gain some assets in the meantime uh jumping onto
the the zeitsev situation as soon as i read that i'm like guaranteed this guy's just had enough of
living in toronto he hates i mean guys when when you're not playing well and you're making decent
money there and especially if you're on the back end you're taking heat constantly and some guys
some guys don't want to live their lives like that.
It takes a lot of jam in order to play in those big markets,
making big money, and to be able to deal with the criticism.
And it went on to my Hayes comments where Philadelphia knows he's used
to playing in that type of environment because he did in New York.
So hopefully he gets moved.
The only thing that sucks for Toronto is when that comes out publicly, all of a sudden you
use, you lose a lot of your negotiating power because you know, this guy wants out of town
with.
Well, Zaitsev too.
I mean, he's like the poster boy or not the poster boy, but he has all the qualities of
just getting ripped on, right?
He's not overly physical.
He makes good money.
And the biggest issue I think for him with the Leafs and his play overall is he doesn't
produce offensively. I mean, 14 points this year, it's just not good enough for what he's making.
You're paying a guy, what was it? Four and a half million right around there. I don't know the exact
number. You need 25, 30 points out of a guy making four and a half million for the most part, right?
I mean, he's not a complete shutdown defender where you don't plan on him producing any offense.
He's pretty good on the PK. He can move the puck, but I don't plan on him getting a producing any offense he's pretty
good on the pk he can move the puck but i don't think that it worked out great for for those two
guys the first year i thought he played real well um but yeah i mean he's gonna be able to help out
somebody and you could totally see he's like i'm all set with with this fish with this fish bowl
get me somewhere else but it'll be interesting to see what they can get back in return for him
guys that wraps things up but there's one last thing I'd like to discuss. And R.A.,
I know you chimed in on Twitter. There was a lot of issues with the towel situation in Boston.
People were making a big deal about it. Then Dan Carcillo, who I've patched things up with,
and I told him we mean no ill will. He just announced he's finally taking a break from social media.
We wish him nothing but the best in whatever it is he's trying to accomplish,
especially with the concussion things because we're all very, you know,
what do you say?
We're all very.
We have empathy for the cause.
We're very empathetic towards the cause.
Thank you, RA.
One thing I wasn't crazy
about though was was how he he called barstool and um and everything associated to it misogynistic
and and called a sexist and then following that somebody made a comment and said you know the the
cfo or the ceo excuse me erica nardini is you know she's a female like what are you talking about
like obviously they have the women at the top there. Like, why are you claiming sexism on them? And then he replied
that it was just a PR stunt that the fact that they hired Erica. Erica has been nothing but
professional and unbelievable towards our podcast has helped it grow, given us ample amount of
resources, made our RA go full time, which has helped us out immensely.
Of course, Grinelli as well before him.
And really the only hiccup I've experienced since joining Barstool
was the live show in Chicago.
So it was very disappointing to see Carcillo not only tweet out the fact
that Barstool is sexist and misogynistic,
and then the minute that we talk about the fact that not only our CEO,
our CRO and Cfo are all female so all the people at the top at barstool are are female so if you want to say it's a a publicity stunt or or a pr move you're out of your goddamn mind
because they've been doing an incredible job they just moved into their new offices
and re i'd like you to chime in on the subject as well. Yeah, and as far as Costillo, like, we weren't looking at getting an argument.
What pissed me off was, like, he aligned himself with, oh, all of a sudden he's anti-Bosswell.
And then he ended it with, fuck him.
And that kind of pissed me off.
That's when I retweeted a quote and said, oh, you weren't on our podcast fucking two months ago or whatever.
Like, so now you fuck us?
Like, you wanted to use us for your platform?
So that's when I was like. Pepperidge Farm remembers.
And then I gave him shit for fucking, you know, saying Erica's high was a PR move because it is frankly sexist to say that because it diminishes all our qualifications.
She took a fucking a fucking squirrel nest in Milton Mass with fucking squat spotty Internet and turned it into a fucking hundred million dollar media powerhouse.
So, you know, like like she wasn't hired for PR reasons.
She's the real deal. And she's the reason why we're all here right now
making good money and having fun.
I've been doing this for 10, 12 years.
Dave had a couple hiccups early on, a bad fucking joke and some other stuff,
and people cling to that.
That's all they cling to.
When they write these hit pieces, what happens is somebody who doesn't like
Barstool but is known as a writer, they get a form like the yorker or or the daily beast which is a quote-unquote legit
outlet and they and people read it there so they think there's validity to it but there's not
there's nothing to it like the sexism claims the racism the fucking homophobia there's just no
validity to it because when you challenge these we got gay pat at the office even if we have no
no gay people or 100 gay, there's just no validity
to the claims that we do these things. I mean,
everybody who works there has a
great time working there. They just don't like what we do.
They view the world in a different way.
But it's a free fucking internet website
that they don't have to go on. So they
could just keep on walking. But I don't know.
People have to feel good about fucking trying
to take things away from a lot of people.
And we just got to deal with it as part of something.
And let's not forget the podcast that they have.
They're female-driven at Barstool.
They've got chicks in the office.
They have the Collardaddy girls.
We mentioned all the women at the top.
Help me out here, Grinnelli.
There's a couple more.
Ellie Schmidt?
Ellie Schmidt.
They have Casey Smith, Kate from zero blog 30.
I mean,
the list goes on and these women love it there because it's just fun.
And they have that type of sense of humor.
And I get that some people are sensitive to the aggressive humor that
sometimes we bring even to our podcast,
but if it's not for you,
just fuck off.
Cause they were really not doing anything that wrong and we're not harming anyone it's literally free content it's free you know so so that's all i have
to say about it i was disappointed but i wish carcillo the best in his absence from social
media i hope he finds what he's looking for i was disappointed his comments but listen am i gonna
rag on carcillo for 15 years about the fact that he basically made a sexist comment?
No, he was probably just frustrated, invented that and made a mistake. And we're going to
leave it at that. And I wish that the same people who are bitching at Barstool could do the fucking
same. Dave made some stupid comments or maybe some of the things he said he hasn't apologized for,
but that doesn't make everyone who likes
barstool on the internet who associates with barstool bad people he made a couple stupid
comments big fucking deal get over it and the same people at deadspin who the one guy who wrote a hip
piece had that fucking rape joke that he'd mentioned and he scrutinized dave for it you
can't throw stones uh if you're living in a glass house it's fucking insane. They get to mature, but we don't.
You know, like, oh, we did things a long time ago, but they don't.
It's just a fucking tired, tired old shit.
And the other thing is, like, you know, like Wits was saying, too,
we can't police the internet.
Like, you know, like, it's obvious.
Don't harass women online.
Don't fuck with women online.
That's just a scumbag move.
But we don't feel like we have to fucking police the internet.
People get on us for that, but whatever.
Let's move on. Another great couple
of games in the Stanley Cup. Corneli, what do you got, brother?
Guys, to wrap up on a happier
note, I think the team should give Ryan
a good luck who's playing in a
big golf match tomorrow.
Big round. Yeah, and well said
by you guys on the topic
before. Very well said. You don't have to read
Barstow if you don't want. I got nothing in common
with you if you don't think it's funny, but still it's up
to you. Golf-wise,
I got a big one coming up.
When everyone's listening to this, I'll probably be
warming up on the range. Nine
o'clock tomorrow morning, I'm trying to get into
the Mass Am, the Massachusetts
Amateur Championship.
It's being played at the Country Club.
The name of the place, Biz,
is the Country Club. That's of the place is The Country Club.
That's literally the fucking name.
So you can imagine how sick this place is.
It's where Francis Womet was walking around in khakis
in his little midget caddy Eddie Lowry winning the U.S. Open
when he was an amateur back in like 1900.
So I would love to get in this tournament.
So we'll see how I do.
I think I'm going to have to shoot two or three over or better which would be 73 or 74 maybe might not like your other round the other day
that fucking other round the other day about the tweet so i played in a golf round the other day i
i birdied five of the first nine holes i was under. I was five under par through nine holes.
I was unconscious.
I didn't know what was going on.
You know what happens when we're making the turn,
walking on the 10th tee?
I got my asshole buddy, Rugo, the fucking Rugo Santini.
I grew up playing hockey against this kid.
He goes on to play at Brown or playing golf.
You know what he says to me?
Man, you might break the course record.
I said, shut the fuck up, Rugo.
Who says that in the middle of a round?
What do I do?
Stripe it down the fairway on 10.
Didn't affect me.
Well, right after that, I hit it dead left into the woods, made a double.
Went on to shoot 10 over on the back.
45.
31-45.
Wow, that's a biz score.
Five over par for the round 76.
So a complete collapse. I blame
him completely. It's never my fault.
I will not take ownership.
But man, I really hope that I'm coming to you guys
next episode getting ready to play in the
Mass, Sam. I think that would be sick at the
Country Club. I just hope...
Play in the Mass Open too. Vesper.
That's June 10th, 11th. Come on out
and check me out. If you're a Chicklets fan,
I'll maybe... I'll let you caddy for me one hole.
I just hope if they valet your car, they don't change the seat settings.
Dude, did I tell you about that?
Were we talking about that?
Rile them up.
Where were we?
We were in Boston.
Oh, my God.
Valet guys.
Valet guys.
When you get in somebody's car,
don't touch anything.
Don't touch their seat.
Don't touch their mirrors.
If you have to lean forward
to touch the gas,
you deal with it.
I cannot believe how often
I get in my car after valeting it.
Yeah, I always valet it.
And the fucking seat's pushed up
like Mr. Magoo's driving it.
And the rear view mirror is
the rear view mirror is twisted.
I'm like, buddy, why'd you need to have the rearview mirror changed?
It's my car.
It's my settings.
Yeah, you can press the button.
Your sheet goes back.
It still takes a couple seconds.
I want to get in my car ready to go.
I get in my car, and if the seat's one tear off,
I'm fucking not going to be able to hit it.
Right away, I'll know.
Who touched the thermostat? right away. I'll know who touched the thermostat right away.
I'll know.
And I'm sick and tired of valet people changing the settings.
Just drive the seven feet.
You got to drive and don't touch my seat.
Who moved my cheese?
All right.
Well,
that should about wrap it up.
How come you didn't acknowledge my who touched a thermostat?
That's family guy.
Come on,
man.
I have,
dude,
I watched the first three seasons. Then I haven't seen it for a long time. I don't know what is good as a Come on, man. Dude, I have, dude, I watched the first three seasons.
Then I haven't seen it for a long time.
I don't know what is good as the fucking bad,
bad.
Uh,
but anyways,
that's going to wrap up this episode.
Don't forget.
Our second episode this week is going to be coming to you after the game five on Thursday.
It's going to be dropping Friday,
not the usual Thursday.
So just a little reminder,
everybody have a great week at work and we'll check in with you after the game.
