Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 182 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam
Vodka. Boys, nitty-gritty time.
Only a couple Stanley Cup games left.
Maybe only one after tonight's affair.
Let's say hi to the boys before we jump right into game five.
Grinnelly, what's up, guy?
What's up, boys?
Tough night to be a Bruins fan.
I know we'll get into it, so I'll leave it at that.
All right.
Next up, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, brother?
How are you?
All right.
There's some anger behind those eyes right now.
A little frustration, a little frustration a little
sweat on the brow i i i feel for you man i can tell that it's probably a frustrating game to be
at as a bruins fan i'm guessing very very frustrating we'll get to that shortly let's
say hello last but not least paul biz nasty bisonette hello everyone very excited to drop
this interview uh we got a a big time guest on our raid.
You want to,
you want to let everyone know who we got?
Absolutely.
We have Matt.
Don't call me Steve Dushane,
NHL all-star pending free agent.
I was so proud of myself guys that I didn't call him Steve Dushane once the
whole interview.
Cause I,
wait a minute.
What's the,
what's the story behind this?
Early in the podcast,
when we were talking about it,
I would just always call him Steve. Remember the defenseman steve duchesne from back in the 90s just a name
fuck up i just would screw it up all the time and i would get goofed on rightfully so far so
actually before every question today i made sure to write matt before every question so i wouldn't
fuck up i call him steve but yeah it's a great interview everybody's going to be very happy
what i think yeah no i um one thing about it is is um
man he's so nice like you could tell like every time he said something he wanted to make sure
the the person maybe he was talking about he wasn't uh you know being mean about it or or
you get what i'm saying with yeah he's just a he's a polite guy very very happy that he finally
joined us and and the the whole story of refusing the
shot at a trip in Vail it comes up right away so I think people will enjoy it yeah he's a really
nice guy I was very excited about the interview and he he opened up quite a bit about some things
that I didn't realize he was gonna go that much into detail about absolutely we talked about the
Uber ride uh you know his trade from Colorado which he felt like he got a little bit off his chest with that,
and then his pending free agency. He was very open, very honest.
I think people are really going to be happy with this one.
But meanwhile, other affairs. Thursday night at the Garden,
huge Game 5 at TD Garden. The Blues, once again, played another great road game,
got the lead and made it stick. Now they're up 3-2 with a chance to win
their first ever Stanley Cup Sunday night at home in St. Louis.
Like you said, it's frustrating.
All night I heard everyone bitching about the refs.
I said, I'm not going to take the bait.
I'm not going to bitch.
But to have the game-winning goal on a play with such an obvious slew foot
trip and not get called, it's tough.
It's tough to fucking swallow.
Okay, so the refereeing tonight,
we'll talk about that in a little bit.
But I do want to focus on the Blues.
Absolutely.
Colton Pareko, Ryan O'Reilly, Jordan Bennington.
Holy shit.
Was that an effort from those three guys?
Bennington, Biz, Nostradamus, Bissonnette, Nasty,
Nostra Nasty,
calling that Binnington would go into Boston and steal a game,
and boy, did he ever tonight.
He was so confident from the beginning.
And, I mean, the Bruins, I'll tell you,
they cannot be upset with how they played.
They played great.
They came out of the first period flying.
I think at one point shots were 17 to 5, something right around then,
and Binnington stood tall.
He looked so relaxed.
It looked so easy to him.
O'Reilly, the way this guy's playing.
The only knock I have on him is he lost both draws at the end of the game
to Bergeron, which shows.
I mean, it's Patrice Bergeron taking the face off.
But he snapped both of those back with 16 and 7 seconds left, respectively.
And other than that, O'Reilly was perfect.
Beautiful plays.
A beautiful goal on the 1-0, on the goal to go up 1-0.
A great pass to Tarasenko later in the game.
Tuca made a big save.
Bunch of great saves by Tuca.
He was solid all night.
Kind of bad luck on the winning goal.
But the Blues, man, they got lucky with some calls.
We'll go into it.
But what an effort by that team.
And fuck, have they just not slowed down.
They are a big, strong strong hard team to play against
guys in the first period it felt like game seven i was like do these guys know they might be playing
two you know two more games it was insane the amount of physical activity there was and i just
can't help but think i know it's different because the bruins in 2011 dominated their home games but
do you not feel the blues like the bruins in 2011 just beating the absolute
shit out of a more skilled team than it was vancouver now it's actually boston it's a wild
thing to see but this team plays hard yeah they're getting a little taste in their own medicine with
uh let's go to ryan o'reilly i got a text from joffrey lubel tonight and he goes he
he's basically the hockey's version of quaywhi Leonard because he's just really good at everything he's he's humble he just goes about his business in a
quiet manner um very interesting if you haven't seen it uh the NHL posted something to Twitter
and Instagram as well his off ice routine and his father brings him through it did you get a chance
to watch that Witten RA? I didn't have a chance to say it no very interesting how he goes about his business off the ice very like a yogi yeah he's
just yeah he's like a bit of a yogi he does a lot of uh movement exercises while having to
concentrate like so you're basically you know handling a puck when you're tired and your hand
eye and it's funny because in the midst of showing that clip on twitter of how he trains they
transitioned it to that that hand-eye coordination that he had the other night
when he ended up scoring off that rebound, which ended up being the game winner.
Go ahead, Whit.
No, I was saying, I wanted to just quickly tell you,
Yans reminded me, maybe the best nickname in the NHL for O'Reilly, Factor.
I mean, if you're called, I guess it's a play on words on the O'Reilly factor,
the old show with Bill O'Reilly, but also it goes along with the fact that the guy's a factor in
every fucking game he plays in. Every single night, you know what you're getting from him.
And this series has been like MVP-like. Yeah, he might have a chance at getting it if they
can seal the deal, especially in St. Louis. Another and one for him tonight Petrangelo was was another guy who provided another assist his 14th of the offseason
and or sorry the postseason excuse me and and Sanford that between the legs pass this guy has
what a great insertion by Berube you know a guy who got it kind of got lost in the weeds as you
mentioned last episode is the guy who got pummeled by Bertuzzo.
You know, you know.
And it must be a shitty feeling feeling like, ah, they didn't really want him,
and he was kind of like the outcast of that fight
where maybe he was the issue or something like that.
And for him to finally get his chance to show the boys what he can do,
and he's been lights out.
I mean, another beautiful assist for him.
And, I mean, Benning assist for him. And, I mean,
Bennington, I just had a feeling
he hasn't really been himself this series.
Both games they won. I didn't feel he
particularly played that well.
Big word for me, particularly.
And I just had a
feeling he was going to get away from home,
go into Boston
and steal one, and sure
as shit, he made me look good.
I really struggled earlier in playoffs with my predictions, but I have been buzzing in the semis and now finals.
All right.
Absolutely, pal.
Absolutely.
And you might nail this one too.
You had St. Louis in six, correct?
I did.
Yeah, it's lined up perfect for you right now.
Obviously, you know, could be one, could be two games left.
But to jump on Witt's point about the Bruins in 2011,
I forget who I was talking to, but I said that same thing the other day.
It reminded me a reverse of that.
Did you?
I did.
I don't know if it was on the show.
I was talking to somebody, and I said the Blues remind me of the Bruins,
what they did to the Canucks.
They just pushed them around in 2011.
So I can't sit here and say, oh, they're bullying us.
It's like, hey, the Bruins won a cup doing that eight years ago.
But that's the fact of the matter.
They're getting pushed around.
They've really missed Kevin Miller this series, no doubt about it.
A tough-as-nails defenseman.
Missed him.
They didn't get Gryzlik back last night.
And as far as Chara, man, I mean, you've got to give him full marks
to showing up with the fishbowl on and coming out.
But it was a rough game for him, man.
Every time he was trying to make a pass, it ended up on a blue stick.
It was just tough.
And you've got to say, you know, were they better off going with 7-D and not having an extra forward in there?
What's your take on that, Whit, as a former D man?
7-D sucks.
It sucks.
I mean, I'm not going to speak for forwards because maybe they don't even mind it
because a couple of them are going to get a little bit more ice time,
things you can enjoy.
This time of year it might make it tough.
But as a defenseman, it just sucks. You get out of your
rhythm and all of a sudden there's guys playing a certain
amount that aren't playing it anymore.
You notice Clifton played just around five, six
minutes. I think they've realized with Ogrislik
they can't really trust him right
now. But Chara,
let's first off say, holy shit.
A couple clicks
for that guy. He's playing in a fucking
Stanley Cup final game with a broken jaw.
Are you kidding me?
I mean, the fact that he's actually out there shows.
And the quote by, I think it was John Moore, some incredible words,
just like, I'll tell my kids about this someday.
And truthfully, it is so impressive to see a teammate,
even if you're, you know, on the blues,
you respect the hell out of a guy for going out there.
And no matter what, I mean, you're not on painkillers.
You're hurting.
You're hurting.
But Ari, like you say, did he make that much of a difference?
Maybe emotionally at the beginning, but in the end, it was tough go for him.
Definitely a little bit of a tough evening.
It's hard to be playing hockey like that, I'm guessing,
when you can't even fucking open your mouth.
I mean, how the hell are you supposed to breathe?
The guy's a machine, but still, he can't even open his goddamn mouth,
and he's trying to skate around there and make plays.
I just can't imagine doing it.
He's an animal.
He's proven that time and again.
But in the end, 7-D is so hard for the rest of the defense to get in any sort of groove.
The pairings keep changing.
You don't know what's going on.
I thought also some of those B's forwards look tired.
You saw Poshnok just sucking
wind at certain times on camera at face-offs guys that seem at this time of the year it's really
tough you're winded and and to lose a guy up front I know Backus you're not going to say he's played
poorly in the series but he hasn't made a huge impact so you can kind of see why he's out
but man is that an amazing effort by the Blues with some help from the Stripes?
Early on in that game, or sorry, after the first period,
I texted the group chat.
I said it was a concern of mine that when they went with 70 and 11 forwards,
that if they didn't get the early lead,
that I felt like their forwards had run out of gas.
I thought they did a good job, considering they were down to 11 forwards,
of playing a solid 60 minutes. But as you mentioned you mentioned with and as a guy who played the back end and had been in a situation where we've
rolled 70 when i was a defenseman in the american hockey league you like it's like guys aren't used
to getting the minutes that they're getting used to and it goes back to the thomas cabaret thing
that i talked about i would say 20 podcasts ago um when he went
over from the Toronto Maple Leafs when he's playing 30 minutes over the Boston Bruins when they ended
up winning it uh their their last stand they clapped eight years ago is he he was like useless
it was like he was playing 10 because it was such a difference in time and and for those middle of
the row the third fourth defenseman for Boston to all of a sudden play, you know, 16 minutes as opposed to like 21.
I don't know.
I'm not crazy about it.
And then now saying that, Boston did, I'd say, outplay them most of the game.
They did.
I think they close to doubled them in shots.
But it was a concern of mine after that first period that they did not have the lead.
I had that feeling that somebody was going to get one early on for the blues they were going to sit on it and sure shit
that ended up happening um do you guys do you guys want to get into that call and and cam neely
blowing an absolute gasket in the box one sec before we get into that the bruins definitely
outplayed them i think everyone can agree that but when you agree that. But when you look at the shots and how outnumbered the Bs outshot them,
a lot of those shots, they're one chance and there's nothing else.
And every single time you look, there's three or four guys
in front of St. Louis' net.
You saw Steen with a couple big blocks tonight,
Pareko with a couple big blocks.
And if you're getting shots from the outside
and then there's either no rebound or there is one
and nobody's there or you're just outnumbered in front,
it's like, yeah, dude, we're out shooting them two to one.
But how many of these are grade A chances?
Well, and that goes back to how big and strong
the Blues defense are.
They just box guys out like crazy.
Another guy we didn't mention was Bowmeister
who actually led all Blues defensemen on ice time in game 5
with 29 minutes. So that
guy, talk about the turnaround
he's had. He's basically
an example of what the entire team's
done. He
came in off that injury from the offseason
had a very slow start, ended up getting his first
healthy scratch and then goes on to play
29 minutes in game 5 of the
Stanley Cup Finals.
That's crazy.
And I agree with a lot of one-and-dones, not a lot of sustained pressure
around that net from high-quality scoring chance areas.
Another concern of mine or ours was the top six for the Bruins and the lack of offense they provided five versus five.
DeBrusque was the first guy to get a point in this series
from the top two lines, five on five.
And up until tonight, early on, and Grinelli,
you ended up sending this one over, and I'm going to read it off.
A line featuring David Krejci, Jake DeBrusque,
had not generated a high danger scoring chance
in a whopping 36 minutes of five on five timeline
together this series in other words the entire Stanley Cup finals so so I mean that's a pretty
telling sign of of how frustrating this Slate Lewis team can play structurally defensively Ari
yeah I mean like I said full marks to them I'm not taking anything away from them they're
completely keeping these guys off the board the checking job they're doing it's unreal it's not
even like one line all the time.
It's just whoever they throw out there.
They just, they look hungry.
I mean, they just look like a hungrier team.
And Butch is kind of looking a little like Claude, I think.
Claude always stuck with the same lines.
He wasn't really mixing them up.
And I don't know, Butch has to get desperate at some point.
He mixed a decent amount tonight.
Did he?
Okay.
Yeah, you saw, I actually, I'm actually backing you up
because when you're at a game, it's harder to see that.
There's a lot more going on.
But I noticed, and it helps with the announcer saying,
oh, a little difference here,
where you saw Krejci and Pasternak a little bit.
You saw Coyle go up, and I think he was out there with Bergeron at one point.
Maybe not, but I.
They had Heinen, Corrali, and DeBrusque playing with each other
at one point as well.
Yeah, that's.
It's weird. It's weird right now to see  it's not panic in the Bruins.
I mean, them trying to change lines is normal
when you can't get any offense going.
It's just weird to see them try to make the perfect play so often.
And you think of Marchand and Poshnok around the net.
It's like Poshnok at the end of the  there was about five minutes left.
He passed that puck. He got a rebound over to the side of right next to Bennington and tried moving
it. And even, uh, doc, I can't believe he didn't shoot that. It's like, it's like when you're,
when you're, when you're gripping the stick, everything gets a little quicker, a little
harder. And instead of simplifying, they're just looking for that tick tack, perfect pass.
And at some point, especially the way Bennington's played, you have to change that mentality and just shoot.
I know we've said they're shooting and there's no rebounds
or nobody in front, but they've got to figure out
one way or the other.
And Bennington also, his save percentage all playoffs
in the third period, 940.
So talk about showing up in the biggest moment
of the biggest games.
He's been great in that last period all playoff long.
Yeah, as the game wore on, I just felt like it was
going to be 2-0 at some point and it was going to be lights
out and it eventually happened. And going back
again to what you just said, I mean,
the ice, we've been talking about how bad it is.
It's slush out there and the Bruins are still trying to look like
the fucking Soviet Red Army team out there, like
that perfect tic-tac-toe and it's not
happening. And again, if Marshawn's
hurt, like there's a lot of talk about, you know,
he'll take it back, but he's getting the puck so many times and he just doesn't look like he knows's a lot of talk about you know i'll take it back but
he's getting the puck so many times and he just doesn't look like he knows what he wants to do
with it he'll do a little circle explosiveness it looks like it's just he's lacking a little
explosive absolutely and there's a few times where i feel like he he if he put the motor on he could
gain a half a step and go wide a lot of times he's pulling up he's pulling up and looking for that
seam and i mean some of the plays he's pulling up he's pulling up and looking for that seam and
i mean some of the plays he is executing but i completely agree where normally he would uh he
would try that move or you know when you go to the backhand you bring it back to the forehand
and work the defenseman's triangle when you have the step on him yeah and you cut in and kind of
step you up yeah like like when the defenseman's kind of reaching out to poke it you just put it
through his triangle and and and dip your shoulder and just drive to the net we haven't seen Marshawn do that once this series so
I wouldn't be surprised if afterward we find out that uh he's either banged up or or keep in mind
man like that top lines carried that team all year they they had a very solid year eventually
you're gonna run out of steam and and maybe that's the case guys is it possible St. Louis has taken
the confidence out of them with their game I mean the guys lose their confidence at this level at
the end of cup final wit I don't want to say you lose your confidence but you can get severely
frustrated and when and when you're constantly like getting no odd man rushes I mean they had
the two-on-one tonight McAvoy I think he missed the net. I don't remember if Biddington got a save on that.
There weren't any other odd man rushes.
I mean, the Bruins are a team who forced turnovers and neutral zoning.
I'm not going to say lived on odd man rushes,
but, God, so many 3-on-2s and 2-on-1s this year,
and it's just like they don't happen against St. Louis.
They're a sound defensive team with huge bodies
that just fill up the middle of the ice and take it all away, get you to the boards.
And then what do they do?
They ride you into the boards like Pareko, that fucking Russian freak,
even though he's American.
Is he American or Canadian?
No, he's Canadian, surprisingly.
Well, he's Drago.
So wherever you say he's from, he's related to Drago.
And the whole team plays that similar style of taking away the middle,
clogging it up, and getting you to the outside,
and then just hammering you.
And that  well, all right, do you guys want to talk about the refereeing?
Because I figure before we
Well, I was just going to touch on the Char stuff briefly.
I completely agree with throwing him in for the emotional aspect
because when they put the cameras on him,
when they were introducing everyone, the building went banana lands.
Honestly, sorry, because that might have been the loudest i've ever heard that bill the no
bullshit it was that loud in there for him and and it was cool as you mentioned they came out to that
hot start and maybe they fed off of that and and once again they played a very good game but i
think that they they i think they can't be stubborn and i and i'm saying if if if that's how he's
feeling and that's how he's going to play i I see no benefit at this point to keep him in.
I say, especially if Grizzly can go.
I say you take him out of the lineup.
And I know Boston Bruins fans, some people are going to think I'm crazy.
And I commend on what he did.
I'm thinking if you're not thinking with your heart and you're thinking with your head
and you want to win this series if you're Boston, you've got to take them out.
And that's a conversation the coach could go over to him and say,
Bud, it sucks and I hate to do this, but this is the smartest thing to do
because especially right now, they're having a hard time providing offense.
They need to put the guys who can move the puck around a little bit out there.
And I think that if you give Clifton a little bit more ice time,
and especially if Grizzlies back, that's going to be a big factor,
and especially the fact that they have two days off in between games,
another two.
I mean, that would make things a lot easier on them.
Quickly also, on the Blues front, talking about the 7-D
as opposed to how I would like it, keeping guys in rhythm.
Berube and the defensive coach.
Who's the defensive coach in St. Louis?
Mike Van Ryan.
Van Ryan.
Ride the hot horse.
And those top four guys for St. Louis played a shit ton of ice tonight.
Dunn only played 11 minutes, and Bertuzzo only played seven.
So talk about when you got four guys in rhythm,
let them go. Very true, but
the one thing about Char is
this guy at his point in career,
who he is, what he's done, the captain,
I don't think, he says he's
playing. That's kind of what it is.
It's like
I don't think there's a chance if
he's telling you he's playing that
you can take him out as Cassidy. It's almost like the player isn't bigger than the coach, but I can't think there's a chance if he's telling you he's playing that you can take him out as Cassidy.
It's almost like the player isn't bigger than the coach,
but I can't imagine him ever saying,
I'm good to go and not being in the lineup.
A hundred percent, and I agree.
He will be in the lineup.
I'm just saying is I think that it would benefit them,
especially if Grizzly can go, to not have him in.
Simply based on the fact of of of you know you
can't breathe properly he was struggling with the puck it's probably broken he's i mean you know he
doesn't play with a visor usually right no no all of a sudden he's got a visor and a jaw thing on and
get a visor on he's got a fishbowl he's got what I had at BU buzzing around. He ain't snapping it tape to tape like I was
at BU in my fishbowl.
I'm not going to argue with the fact that
he will play because he probably will.
I'm just saying that it might be a wise move
in thinking with your head in order
to win that game six in St. Louis
to bring it home. Very
difficult decision to make if you're Cassidy.
Hey guys, before we go any further, I want
to talk to you for a minute about policy genius. There's a widely held belief that procrastination
is a bad thing, but life isn't so black and white. Sometimes procrastination can work in your favor.
For example, if you need life insurance, but you've been putting it off, congratulations,
you've managed to procrastinate long enough for technology to make it easy. Policy Genius is the
easy way to shop for insurance online. In just two minutes,
you can compare quotes from top insurers to find your best price. And Policy Genius doesn't just
make life insurance easy. They can also help you find the right home insurance, auto insurance,
and disability insurance. So if you need life insurance, but you've been busy doing literally
anything else, check out Policy Genius. It's the easy way to compare all the top insurers and find
the best value for you. Policygenius.com. Nobody wants to shop for life insurance. That's why we
made it easy. I think we should say also Moore and Kampfer, they were fine out there. They didn't
make any real mistakes. They didn't play bad. I mean, for doing spot duty in the Stanley Cup final,
I think those guys have looked all right. So, you know, if that's what they got to go with next
game, I mean, it's not ideal, but it's not like there are disasters out there
like some people may have expected.
And, yeah, Grizz, that's a good  I'm sorry, Biz and Grizz.
That's a good point about Grizz.
He's going to have an extra day here with the two days off before game six.
So, I mean, he didn't play tonight because he couldn't pass the test,
the concussion test.
So, another two days might make the difference for him.
But either way, it sucks.
It just sucks losing these guys at this point in the season, man. It's got to be frustrating for that team.
Yeah, guys. And of course, the play we have to talk about, and it's not sour grapes. It was a
key fucking play of the game. Achari gets slew-footed slash tripped by Bozak. Both refs
looking at the play. There's no call. You just got to wonder how they missed that. It's such a
blatant call. And then, of course, they score.
They take a 2-0 lead.
Bruins end up scoring and making it 2-1.
That's the difference in the game.
And like I said, it was good.
Okay, we're not going to bitch about the rest of this game.
And then that fucker, they rear their ugly head yet again.
I know we got a clip already from Bruce Cassidy.
Why don't we throw that up, Mike, and see what he has to say about it.
I sat here two days ago or whatever it was.
I said, I believe these officials are at this level
because they've earned the right to be here
and you should be getting the best.
But, I mean, the narrative changed after game three.
There was a complaint or whatever put forth by the opposition.
It just seems to have changed everything.
I mean, the non-call on Achari,
their player's on his way to the box.
I mean, it's right in front of the official.
It's a slew foot.
Our guy's gone.
The spotter took him out of the game for a possible concussion.
I mean, it's blatant.
There's a big effect in the game.
Yeah, I mean, you hear that.
He's obviously frustrated as well.
Berube, I don't know if he played the refs, if he played that perfect
when he kind of tripped to the press a couple games ago,
and then all of a sudden St.is starts getting out of the power plays but
tonight the blues only had one power play they didn't score on it uh bruins had three of them
they didn't score so you can back at them for the power play but tell me guys you i mean you
play a biz if you're in a game like that uh such a blatant miscall at this level how how much does
that demoralize the team i know guys don't want to blame the refs but when it's so blatant and
obvious like that well you just had a feeling that that was going to seal it. And it eventually did a very
good push by Boston. Cam Neely went nuts. I'll leave it at this. It was a missed call. And I
picked blues in the series. You know, there's missed calls all the time. It sucks when one ends up leading and being the factor that decides the game.
And I understand that a lot of you non-Bruins fans are going to say,
cry me a river and like, oh, that was embellishment,
which I will say I think he gave it a little extra kick with his right leg.
Do I want to say it's embellishment?
It teeter-totters on on
whether i can accuse him of that if you watch it again but it should have been a trip bozak
turned around kind of gave him the like oh like like don't call that and and sure shit the ref
did and he was like oh my god i just got oh my god he listened to me what the fuck who's this
guy looking at and as soon as the ref's arm didn't go up, you're like, oh, God,
please don't end up in the back of the net.
I would imagine it's the refs who ref tonight's last game.
Kozari is the blues of seven and all, I guess,
when he's reffed him in the playoffs this year.
Somebody tweeted at me. I don't know if that's a phantom tweet.
If that's actually the number,'s like i mean here's the thing
when i saw it happen live you know naturally you see something like that you're like oh penalty
uh they go down they go score you're waiting to see the replay and i thought well if bozak still
had one hand on his stick which he did kind of in the battle with whoever he was next to
and and then got his stick in there i would have said said, no, that's a decent non-call.
He put the second hand on his stick, and he went blatantly to whack the puck.
And when he didn't hit the puck, he hit his skates.
Textbook trip.
And he got on his bike, too.
No doubt about it.
Full-blown penalty.
And with the ref sitting there in the corner and staring at it,
that's one where you say, how the fuck is that not called?
Like, what part of the NHL Stanley Cup finals is this referee, like,
not realizing what's going on in life right in front of his fucking eyes?
The guy's blatantly tripped, loses possession of the puck in the defensive zone.
There's no question about it.
And, like, if you're a Blues fan and you're normal and you're not just a psychopath,
you can sit there and say, ah, we got a call tonight.
And you know what?
We deserved it because we fucking lost the game to San Jose on a worse call in overtime.
So they've had both sides now.
Even Steven. Everything comes out in the wash, Biz likes to both sides now. Even Steven.
Everything comes out in the wash,
as he likes to say a lot.
Jerry Seinfeld, everything always ended up even for him.
But man, that's a missed call.
It's blatant.
And the entire audience watching at the game,
at home, on the couch, can tell that's bullshit.
And it sucks to be a Bruins player or a Bruins fan because you
if you feel like you got completely screwed in a cup final game yeah not the way you should feel
after a game like that and again I fucking hate complaining about the refs I only do it in extreme
fucking circumstances and this is one of them I guess if you're a Bruins fan like myself looking
for a silver lining the Bruins have played their best hockey in St. Louis.
I don't know if it's because the ice is so much better there, but they've actually been better in St. Louis.
So, you know, we can cling to that and cling to the fact that Rask is,
you know, he's been great.
His play hasn't really dropped off at all tonight.
You know, O'Reilly wide open out front.
He's going to score that all day.
And then the other goal we just talked about, nothing he could do on it.
So it's frustrating, but you've got to move on.
I mean, you can't sit here and wallow in it.
They've got to come out and fucking fire on Sunday night
and hopefully bring it back to Boston.
And last thing, boys, it would be a shame if we didn't mention Perron,
seventh goal of the postseason.
He's kind of been shipped off out of St. Louis,
and finally they get him back.
And this has been quite the postseason for him in his third stint
with the St. Louis Blues.
This has been quite the postseason for him in his third stint with the St. Louis Blues.
And I say we wrap it up about the Game 5 breakdown.
And what do you guys expect in Game 6?
I expect the Bruins to play a great game. I do.
I don't think they'll go down easy without a fight.
They've shown up all year when they've had to.
I mean, playoffs included.
They're really similar to the Blues,
but both these teams have bounced back so often from tough losses.
And all right, it's true.
I hadn't thought about it. The Bruins have played better in St. Louis.
Those two games were probably their two best games,
especially game three.
That was domination.
But, I mean, the one thing that I think if you're the Blues,
you want to play on Saturday night.
That extra night, you're like, oh, my God, we're at home.
We're itching to play.
And everyone listening, you got to understand that when you're on the verge of winning a Stanley Cup,
people are flying in.
Every single guy on the Blues team has somebody who will be flying in in the next day or two.
So there's a lot of pressure that goes along with being at home,
with the chance to win the first Stanley Cup in Blues history
with a rabid fan base that's ready for it.
They want to get playing that game as soon as possible.
So Sunday night's going to feel like a week for these guys.
And at the same time, I think the Bruins really probably can use those two days.
Helps Grizzly to probably get cleared.
You saw how close he was.
If he was practicing with the second power play on Wednesday,
you got to think he's in on game six.
I was surprised he wasn't in on the game tonight.
R.A., shout out to you.
You like to say you dunk on people.
You dunked on some local media on getting that scoop, right?
Boy, buddy.
Yeah, I got a little message earlier in the day that he didn't have any success
with his concussion test, Grizzly, and he was not going to play.
I reported, and then EEI tried to debunk it, and they fell on their face.
So that's part of the course.
Who's this EII or whatever the fuck you guys are talking about?
WEEI.
They're one of the two sports radio stations in town.
They used to be the king of the hill in this town
because they were the only fucking one in town.
And then Sports Hub 98.5 opened up shop about i don't 10 years ago and they basically fucking
pulled the rug out from underneath them and eei has been struggling ever since and that's what
they're just trying to climb on news anymore eh yeah not at all they try to break it but they
fucked that up so boys here's my oh go ahead i was gonna say uh which you just you just mentioned
you know all the blues are gonna be in town i mean never mind Kachuk, Hull, McGinnis,
but fucking Boris the Rat's going to be in the building too.
So that's a big factor as well.
Boris and YP.
What's up, Biz?
Are we going to get your prediction?
Oh, fuck.
I mean, obviously
The whole reason we started that conversation.
I know.
I know.
I'm still fucking wound up.
Yeah, I know.
Shit.
You know, like what's said, the Bruins are going to
the backs against the wall, all those old 19,000 cliches
when your team's on the brink.
But they've answered the bell all year, and I think they're going to, again,
I have all faith in the world and Rast, the way he's been playing.
So I'll go Bs, 3-1.
I think the Blues are going to smoke them.
Okay.
Well, I think the Bruins will win because I picked the Bruins in seven
and you picked the Blues in six, so it makes sense.
I know.
I just got  I'm going to double down.
You think they shit pump them to get their cup?
I'm going to wager my Binnington call,
and I'm going to say it's just going to be an all-right throttle sesh
by the St. Louis Blues.
They're going to come out.
They're going to feed off that energy.
I think the extra day is going to help them,
and I think they're just going to end it in six.
I think that city's waited too long for this they know the
importance of winning that at home because they don't want to go
back in seven and I just think
that they're going to hot start they get a couple in the first
and they just feed off of it and
the Bruins had their chance
tonight to grab that series and
it slipped out from underneath them and
that's it boys good no one
it was a great season
it was a great I want to say selfishly I want a game seven. It was a great season. It was a great  I want to  selfishly, I want to see seven too.
I want to see more hockey.
It just helps our podcast out.
Hopefully there's another controversial call, you know,
so we have something to talk about.
But I'm saying Blues is going to win 4-5-1.
Interesting.
Interesting.
We'll have to wait and see what happens.
But, yeah, Sunday night, 8 o'clock, game six.
We'll see what happens.
But, boys, any other final notes or do you want to send it over to Dushane?
I think we send it over to Dushane.
All right, let's do that.
Again, this was a great interview.
It's great to get a superstar on and have him talk honestly
and candidly about some topics that, you know,
maybe he didn't expect us to ask him, but he was great about it.
So, without further ado, I'll send it over to Matt Dushane.
Steve.
Without further ado, I'll send it over to Matt Duchesne.
Steve.
We are now pleased to be joined by a big-name guest,
an absolute machine of a free agent coming up July 1st.
Had a hell of a season and a run with the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Drafted third overall in the 2009 entry draft.
Never spent a minute in the AHL.
Doesn't know what that's all about, but he's an absolute pleasure of a player.
And thanks for joining the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Matthew Shane.
What's up, guys? Thanks for having me.
So we got to get something right out of the way, and that is the shot.
That is the shot in Vail that you didn't want to take. And I know you've said, Biz, I got to talk to Witt on this podcast.
I got to explain it to him.
Oh, yeah. and I know you've said biz I gotta talk to Whit on this podcast I gotta explain to you oh yeah so okay so what I'll say on that is um like I before I came on you asked about my hometown small town Halliburton which is let's let's get it straight it's a it's a drink in town with a
hockey problem uh to put it uh uh fairly um but uh so I grew up pretty uh my mom my mom's pretty
straight and narrow and I was raised uh kind of believing for a long time that hockey players didn't drink, believe it or not.
And that's obviously very not true.
And so when I was that young, honestly, I'd barely, I'd barely drank and I was just freaked out.
I'll be honest.
I sound like an absolute pigeon saying that, but I just, I i that was where i was at in my life so when
we were doing that i'm like geez i'm just getting right to the season like you know i'd only you
know been drunk a couple times at that point so that was kind of where i was at now then now a
very different story um uh the league got a hold of me a little bit so i've uh i've definitely
enjoyed myself uh with the boys and definitely learned what that side's all about.
And so I definitely owe you one for sure.
And I can't wait to sit down and have a drink with you here soon.
Ironically enough, like I can't do shots anymore,
but it makes total sense.
You'd been just dominating me on the ice all week.
I'm like, fuck this kid, let's do a shot.
And I remember you were also watching Ryan Malone crush drinks.
So you're like, what is this?
So I got to tell you guys something.
So before I came on, I told  so I have like a group of buddies.
How this all set up for those listening is all my buddies love you guys,
like listen to the podcast nonstop.
They're always talking about it.
I catch a little bit here and there, but they're always talking about it nonstop.
And so they were saying  so basically my one buddy uh biz told the story about how he was like all over
you during the tampa bay series so then i texted you and they're all set like i said hey the boys
want to have me on next week legitimately we're at a bachelor party they all sat me down and they
were like okay you got to say this you got to do this you got to have this ready you got to have
that ready like Like whatever,
dude,
I've never been so nervous for an interview in my life.
Like I'm talking to two guys that I've played against and with and
whatever.
I don't know about that.
But,
uh,
and so they sat me down and they said,
okay,
you got to have a good story.
So the one good story that I do have,
and I,
I,
it came to me right away was at that same bail camp
you you wit and bugsy first of all um earlier in the week like again going back i'm this shy little
i don't know i was talkative but i was also shy at the same time 19 year old didn't know a thing
about anything um and i remember sitting in the back seat riding with you and bugsy up to play
golf and i swear to god it was like a comedy show in the front seat.
You guys were all over each other.
I don't think I said a word the whole time.
I just laughed.
But at the end of camp, that night of the shot, we went, it was like, you know, like
how hard were those camps?
They're pretty tough, right?
Like that.
They were a disaster for me.
Yeah.
So we, at the end of the week, i think somebody went and bought this shirt and it was
a women's like medium and it was i don't know if you remember this but this is this is i do i i was
dying yes i figured you would this is a women's like medium it was like a baseball tee i don't
know what it said it's like bale colorado uh something like that on the front it was like all
it was pink arms white middle i'll never forget this it was so funny and uh it was like bedazzled like everything so i remember at the end of our last skate we had a
shootout no loser of the shootout the last guy to score had to wear the shirt out at the bar
so we go how many of us were there like 15 maybe yeah it was like 14 and dutchie quickly
for everyone at home,
the shirt said, all hail people from Vail.
Oh, is that what it said?
Perfect.
So you know exactly what I'm talking about.
I love it.
So you haven't told the story before, have you?
No, I kind of forgot about it.
Okay, good.
Good.
I didn't want to double up on it. People would be like, oh, shut up, Duchesne, for God's sake.
But yeah, so i remember
going through and i think everybody wanted to be your bugsy just because you two were like the
the personality of the camp and it would just be so funny if one of you two had got it so i actually
think it came down to you two and everyone was losing their mind yeah so we both were over 15
it went for a while it went it went for a while and
i can't remember who we're shooting on i think it was like a younger goalie which is way harder
than shooting on nhl guy for some reason in this situation um so i remember finally bugsy scored i
think you went you didn't score i think you might have boomeranged your stick into the glass or
something like that like like and we were losing it laughing.
So then all I have in my head is us sitting around at that,
in that bar at dinner playing core.
I think we're like playing like slap cup or stack cup with quarters or
whatever and beers. And, uh, you were wearing that shirt and you looked like,
uh, you look like, uh, Will Ferrell.
And he's like, where he's like streaking
and like old school or something like that.
Oh, my God, man.
So that was, yeah.
So I told them that story.
They said I had to bring that up.
So I'm glad you remember.
Hey, so not only was I upset that I lost.
I mean, I was the worst player at the camp, so I was rattled about that.
But then right away I was like,ungsy, you have a good body.
What if we see people out?
I can't.
My body's terrible.
I was like, that's the best part.
And then I just had a happy trail.
That's all you could see at the bottom.
Just disgusting.
Have you guys seen the movie Flu Bar?
You ever seen that movie?
No, I haven't seen it in full.
Okay, well, you know what I'm talking about.
The Flu Bar shirts that are like, dude, crop tops.
That's what it looked like.
It was great.
That was outstanding.
I'm surprised you're self-conscious about the fact
that you weren't drinking when you were younger.
I didn't get drunk until prom at 18,
and I wasn't much of a drinker growing up
because I was so focused on hockey.
Now, yeah, people calling me a bit
of a geek I didn't give a shit though I was just trying to make the NHL and sure shit we did buddy
so don't feel insecure about that oh you know I appreciate that you know what it was one of those
things when I came into the league um I think you had Johnny Lyles on a little while ago and he was
I remember he was one of my one of the guys took me under his wing a lot and remember I told the
guys when i
first got to colorado i didn't drink and um they knew i was pretty you know pretty green pretty
straight and narrow and um you know he always would say we go to the bar and he'd say hey
here's a beer just hold it just hold it make it make it sip it every now and then just hold it
make it look like you're not you know in the mix or whatever like um so i mean guys took care of
me right and first rookie party that was the
first time I was ever like really banged up and the guys but the guys knew and and they took they
took it easy on me and um I was lucky you know it's not all not all guys have it that way and
um you know it's definitely appreciated to kind of like to be yourself and and you know learn it
on your own and not be kind of pressured into it. So, for sure.
Well, Dutchie, I mean, you're close with Sid.
You kind of took a similar path as to when you broke in because you lived with Adam Foote your first year, correct?
Yeah, I did.
And what was that experience like?
I mean, he's old school as they come.
You had to stare at a nose like mine every day.
No, you know what?
Living with Foote, like his two boys are doing so well i mean cal is going to
be a stud in the nhl and nolan's about to get drafted he'll uh i think i think he's late first
early second somewhere in there put uh nolan sorry if i i misquoted there bud but i'll be
definitely watching you and uh no footer i mean he was hard on me but at the same time i learned a
lot of good things living with him and we had darcycy Tucker and Milan Heyduke, Stefan Yell,
end of that season, Scott Hannon.
We had a lot of guys that, you know, I know I drove them crazy
kind of being a young guy and just not getting it at all when I was that age,
but I really appreciated all their, you know, lessons, hard and easy ones.
And, you know, some of those guys, those are great memories.
I mean, I think we all remember our first year in the league as much as any year that
we've played.
And I was really lucky to be amongst a lot of really good vets.
And we made the playoffs that year with, you know, a team on paper that never should have
been there.
So that kind of spoke to the leadership and character we had in that room.
And Matt, have you been watching the Stanley Cup final at all?
And if so, do you have any root and interest or either side
or any particular players at all?
I think I've watched half of it.
I kind of  I watched every single game when we were in it.
And then when the Bruins beat us, I kind of  like you're kind of bitter, right?
That's just the way it is.
And you're kind of like, you know, don't really want to watch as much.
I think honestly those two teams are so worthy of being where they're at i think you know we when we played
the bruins we knew that it was you know going to be a tight series and i still think that it could
have gone either way and um but you know they're they're so deep i mean guys like coil and and
johansson and i mean the way rask has been playing i mean
and i'm not and not to mention obviously they're big guys who have been great as well i mean
they're a heck of a team and then on the other side you know ryan o'reilly's a good friend of
mine and we've played together a lot he's he's been moved around he's played on some tough some
bad teams like i have and um it's great to see him you know do what he's doing and brayden shen
another guy um so um you know I I'm happy that
both those teams are there I think at the end of the day you want to see you know two teams that
you respect a lot in the finals you don't want some team that I don't know if you guys felt the
same when you guys are playing but like I never want to see a team there that I feel like just
maybe got hot at the right time and kind of got the bounces and whatever I want to see like the
best teams get there the ones that deserve it,
the guys that earn it.
And I definitely feel that way about this year's finals.
So it's a tight one.
I mean, it could go either way.
It could be over in the next two games or go overtime game seven.
Obviously, no one knows, and it's going to be fun to watch.
All I want is overtime game seven.
I've been saying that since this podcast started.
But it's funny you mention teams that do deserve it,
and everyone looked at the regular season and saw this season Tampa had.
It was just this incredible run.
You guys go on to probably the greatest first-round upset in the history of the NHL.
I mean, anyone could really argue that being the case.
What was the feeling like going into that series in the pre-series meeting
that I've mentioned in this show before how you talk about each player?
I mean, obviously you guys were confident confident and even going down early in game one
nothing slowed you down and had that incredible series win yeah you know a lot of things we could
play that series 10 more times and we'd probably we'd get a different result every time I mean
that's the way it is I'm I mean you guys know how it is it's it's especially now the league is so
good and the league is so tight you know can never rule anyone out one thing that we didn't really do that you know when you go through each
guy or whatever that's something that torts said you know he didn't want to do so we didn't do it
um we we watched some of their tendencies watch some video but you know we we kept it pretty much
about us and that's kind of how torts does things and And, you know, it makes it, you know, easier to think about what you got to do as a group.
And how we're feeling, I mean, I think, you know, going into it, I mean, that team was so good this year.
And they're so talented.
And we get down, you know, 3-0 in the first period.
And we're kind of like, we talked about it after.
A bunch of us even thought.
And I said, you got your line yourself
you're not like okay let's just get through this one and get the game two and regroup honestly
that's what you're thinking and and at the same time that's in the back of your mind but at the
same time you're like okay if we get one we can change it you kind of got the shoulder angel
shoulder angel shoulder devil thing going you know and uh Fliggy scored on that break we make
it 3-1 and we're starting to take over and that's
when the beliefs you know being down three nothing didn't make us not believe in ourselves but we
were kind of like okay realistically this one might be you know tough to come back on so let's
just keep working towards our game for next game and then we end up coming back and winning that
game so and then from there i think it was that kind of like bob made a save at the start of
the second period on i think it was on kucherov on the power play there was like two on oh in front
of that we had a huge breakdown and he made this splits glove save and um it was just incredible
so um that was kind of the turning point of that game and without that save i don't know if we
we might not have won that series you just never know it that's how tight it is in this league
did you guys surprise even yourselves that you actually swept them in four?
I think once we got a feel of the series, we thought it might be possible.
But going into the series, there's not a chance we ever thought we were going to.
Wait, do we have a live interview baby cry right now?
Yeah, I do hear him.
He's not crying.
He's just talking.
Let's see your fathering skills.
From what I hear, at least the way Witt handles it,
is he usually gives the baby a shot of whiskey, right?
Is that how you do it?
I've tried a couple times.
Actually, there's a few times I've been holding a beer,
and he'll be, like, reaching out to try and grab it and take a sip.
So that's pretty funny.
Is he really loud?
I can move into another room.
I'm in a hotel, so I  yeah, he's talking right now.
He wants to get his two cents in.
Wait a minute.
I'm going to do Shane that will drink. Don't worry about me, guys. Yeah, he's talking right now. He wants to get his two cents in. Wait a minute. I'm going to do Shane that will drink.
Don't worry about me, guys.
Yeah, exactly.
He says, hey, boys, if you want a shot, I'll do it with you.
Don't worry about it.
Maybe you could bust out the guitar and sing him a country song,
and maybe our listeners can tune in.
There you go.
If I had mine, maybe I would do it for you guys.
But I don't think I perform on command with that.
It's definitely not my day job.
That's a few times now we've had kids chiming in on the podcast we had uh john scott yeah well
he's got like uh what five or six of them and he's got five daughters i believe so you got some
catching up to do maddie wow yeah i don't know if we're gonna get to five but uh we'll see but
we're hoping bo will have some brothers and sisters for sure, one of each or whatever.
Sorry, what were we saying there about the team?
Yeah, I was just saying that we never, ever thought we were going to sweep Tampa Bay.
I mean, they're the best team in however many years.
I think since, what, the 95, 96 Red Wings or whatever, best record.
And, you know, we never, ever thought that.
We thought that we could beat them but we
had to be at our best and we respected them the whole way along we still respect them we know that
you know the things just went our way and and we played the way we needed to and um we know they're
going to be back in Hungary next year so they're definitely playing against the next year won't be
fun so um you know we were we were proud of ourselves it was huge for the city of Columbus
and that was a new experience for me, obviously, being in that city.
But, wow, one of the most undercover cities in general
and fan bases that I've ever been in front of.
It was pretty amazing to play in front of them.
Matty, we've got to address it.
I might have been a tad critical of you.
But fair in my assessment, you ended up getting traded over
from Ottawa to Columbus.
And there was a stretch there at the end
of the regular season where there's always an adjustment period I was maybe a little concerned
about how you would perform in playoffs you completely shoved it right up my hoop thank you
very much which I'm happy for you um was it hard to first get adjusted to torts in his system and
maybe where he had you playing in certain situations you know I wasn't even as much about
that and first of all I my my buddy my one buddy like I said my buddies listen to everything and maybe where he had you playing in certain situations? You know, it wasn't even as much about that.
And first of all, my one buddy, like I said, my buddy's listened to everything.
And you were not really that critical, honestly.
You just said it how it was in fact.
So don't worry about that.
I never would take that personally.
But it wasn't anything to do with the system or torch or anything like that.
I think the big thing is when you get traded mid season, you know,
you come in and you don't want to screw anything up. Number one,
you don't kind of commit, you don't kind of like immediately you're,
you're kind of uncomfortable. Cause you don't want to like,
you're almost afraid to totally play your game and take over, not take over,
but like become the player that you were, where you just were,
you know what I mean? And have that same role and same, whatever.
And you know, going in, you know know the coaches need to feel you out so there might be
you might not play as much in the same situation um and then there's just like figuring out where
to go out there because the systems are totally different i honestly the first 15 games in
columbus i didn't even know where to go get the puck so i was skating around out there like geez
where the heck do i go to get it out here just a different style so it was it was like it was it was tough so um you know I come in the come
the playoffs you know things change I mean I think you stop thinking you just play and you know I
think that's maybe what happened you just just stop thinking, you just play.
And, you know, when you get frustrated, you can kind of flush it easier because it's just all about winning that next game and that game.
And, you know, things maybe clicked and rolled a bit more after that.
But honestly, it's getting traded in the middle of the season.
Man, it's happened to me twice now in the last two years.
And, you know, you're prepared for it the second time,
but you're almost prepared that you know it's going to be hard.
That's about it. You can't you're prepared for it the second time, but you're almost prepared that you know it's going to be hard. That's about it.
You can't do anything else for it.
And also, I mean, I remember saying at the time,
you and Stone were the best two players by a long shot in Ottawa.
And so you were able to get out there.
You're going to get your 22 minutes.
You're going to get all the power play time.
You get to a deep team in Columbus, and everything just kind of changes.
And then in terms of the playoffs, did you not say to yourself,
all right, the end of this regular season was kind of a disaster.
I finally get this is new.
It's like everyone that struggled in the regular season at any point,
it's like, all right, well, that's all over with now.
I can just write a new chapter.
Yeah, you do that for sure.
I think, you know, I was  obviously my production slowed down
when I got to Columbus.
But at the end of the day, it wasn't  for me, I wanted
I was really excited to be part of a team
that was hopefully going to be in the playoffs.
Obviously, we snuck in.
We also could have won the division
had we played the way we did in the playoffs.
You know, it's that tight.
So I was just excited about that.
And, you know, there was, I was just, yeah,
I mean, it's a clean slate for sure, personally.
But at the same time, I think we were just, I was excited for the opportunity. I a clean slate for sure personally but at the same time
I think we were just I was excited for the opportunity I've been starving for another
chance to get back to playoffs for a long time had some tough luck being on some teams that hit
tough tough you know patches and and things like that and to get back in and and obviously win
a round and do as well as we did against the team that's in the finals I mean it shows you that you
know that's the type of experience you want to get going forward.
So I think I was  obviously, I'd love to still be playing.
Everybody that's not playing would be.
But if it had to end, you know, we did some pretty cool things in Columbus,
you know, having the first time that franchise ever won a playoff round
and the city was going crazy.
And it was pretty special to be a part of.
And I was very grateful to
end up where i did at the deadline maddie uh i would say your time in ottawa you're one of the
main focuses whit mentioned stone being the other guy do you thrive off being the guy in those types
of situations and well maybe that type of decision uh impact where you go in free agency?
Kind of yes and no.
It's like, it's one of those things.
I don't need to be this.
I don't want to be the center of attention.
I don't need to be the center of attention,
center of whatever.
I want to be one of the, you know, guys.
And that's something that I've kind of always been.
And I expected myself.
And that's why I put the time in in the off season I do.
And that's, I mean, the game is my life and you know obviously
that my family and um so i want to make sure that i'm able to live up to my potential and
there's still a lot of things in this league that i feel like i'm you know just scraping the surface
on and um you know everything that's kind of behind me has given me i think has given me a
chance to play my best hockey going forward and um i i want to be one of the guys i mean you never
want to be the only guy because that means you're not winning you need a whole bunch of guys to win and guys to play different roles and i think you
know all of us you know feel in in a position like this feel that way everybody wants to contribute
um you know you look at at taveras he goes to toronto and he's one of the guys he's still an
absolute stud he's one of the guys along with a bunch of other guys so i think that's like a
situation that you want to find yourself in that you you put yourself in a position to win um
and be alongside some really good players and you know in ottawa you know in colorado and everywhere
i've played there's been some really really good players and we didn't get the results that we
wanted when i was there but you know moving forward that's something that's that's got to
be part of it you can't just be you know be guy that's getting  you can't be playing 25 minutes
and having no one to look sideways at.
I mean, that's not right either.
You don't want that.
So I think anybody would kind of answer the same way.
Hopefully they look at it that way.
But you definitely want the opportunity to play the best that you can
and be the player you're capable of being,
but have a chance to win at the same time.
And even though it's kind of water under the bridge, I have to ask,
I will say everyone I think listening has done the move where you've texted
somebody that you're actually talking about.
You actually text them.
I know I've done it and it's the worst feeling in the world.
I got to ask you, you kind of had a situation with the boys,
except for the whole internet saw it with the cab incident.
Just give me your feeling right when you saw that thing online like oh my god oh yeah that was tough
man man i you know it's so crazy because you watch it and you're like man that's what we sounded like
like you know what i mean like a bunch of guys get together and you're just like you're bsing
90 of what you're saying isn't even true or right or
whatever just the boys shoot the shit exactly i mean yeah and you know what we we sad part is the
true part the honest to god truth is the guy that we were unfortunately was on the receiving end of
it we all loved him he was like such a good person good guy like you know we were we were bitter about
how things were going and we were just airing airing it out and you know you start trying to make each other laugh and it's just one of those
things where it just gets out of hand and you know unfortunately our you know our privacy was
compromised and um you know i guess this is what it what it is i mean hopefully i i i i appreciated
you guys obviously having our backs and understanding like what happened. It was unfortunate for everybody. And, you know,
we all really love Marty and, and, you know,
never ever meant to anything by anything that we said.
And it was unfortunate for sure. And that's not the people that,
that we are. And, you know,
I think the thing that kind of goes unnoticed about that whole situation is,
you know,
how many times have you guys been with a group of guys that don't really,
you know, that, you know, are playing the game for, you know know kind of a means to an end and they're in a cab or a
dinner and talking about something totally different other than hockey you know that was
a bunch of guys in a cab passionate about the game talking about the game and we talked about
the game at dinner and you know it was it's unfortunate it all went down the way it did but
you know it's great learning experience for all of us we'll be better for it and you know um like you said i think it's water under the bridge and you know
i i've i've tried to move on from it it's tough but you feel awful and that's not you know the
type of person that any of us are and um you know it will it's it is what it is at this point you
know and i think marty it couldn't have been a stronger person handling it we talked to him
right away before it even came out and um he had moved on before we had to be honest uh he
was so strong about he's just a really solid person so um yeah that's about it you guys were
very light in there i could only imagine the ship being set up about me from my old line mates and
ubers and cab rides um you mentioned before the interview, we were texting back and forth.
You met with Andy O'Brien, who's your trainer,
trained Sidney Crosby as well.
Are you spending your off-season where he is,
or do you just kind of check in every now and then?
Yeah, so I was with him for  and that's actually probably the last time
I saw Witts was Witts came down to L.A. there.
I was living in L.A. for a bit with  Sid and I were together
for two or
three summers um we'd go to la and then alfax or whatever and i'd go home for a month i was with
andy for about two three years uh almost full time and i think that's what it takes to kind of learn
his his uh methodology and i know he was just on i didn't listen to the interview but i i mean the
guy is is an absolute genius and um you know just talking
to him and learning from him it's been so huge for me and um now I'm to the point where I kind
of understand what his his uh methodology is and kind of like what his uh you know foundation of
his training is so I can kind of go home and and I know the form I know kind of what to do I know
the exercises so I'm able to spend a summer at home now. So I have my place back home.
I've got a gym, a good-sized gym.
It sits up on top of like a little cliff behind my place and overlooks the lake.
So it's a great spot to go work out.
And then I put in a big kind of field for flat dry land.
And I put in an artificial turf hill that's about 100 feet long to work on as well and I got a shooting
pad as well so I've kind of got everything my small town I'm the only guy there so I got to
put everything in for myself there's not really facilities in town and then the only thing I use
in town is the rink so it's nice to be at the lake all summer and Andy sends me the kind of
a program I check in with him like you said probably you know once a month once every
month and a half and you know it's good so I've really enjoyed working with him, like you said, probably, you know, once a month, once every month and a half, and, you know, it's good.
So I've really enjoyed working with him, and, you know, he's the best, in my opinion.
Matt, you mentioned the two trades.
I want to go back to the first one for a minute.
Diaz traded you to Otto early in your ninth season there.
You were, you know, a franchise cornerstone, but now you're on your way out.
What went down that led to you no longer being a part of that organization?
Yeah, so I think what happened that really tough year we had, you know, I just felt like I needed,
I was getting, I was just stale and we were having a tough year and I just felt like I needed a new
start. And I, you know, I think we all get to that point in our lives where we're working a job or in
a relationship or, or playing for a team that you
know you just feels like you're if you're ready to try something different ready to move on so
I approached Joe and and uh we talked we talked about it Joe Joe and I uh you know had a great
relationship all the way along it was like the most civil thing ever he knew I wanted a change
of scenery and a new opportunity and he he was you know we talked
about a lot and and um you know it took obviously a long time but um he couldn't have been more good
about that whole thing I mean the guy that guy right there is you know for me in my experience
dealing with him is as close to a perfect human as I've ever met I mean the guy was an absolute
stud hockey player probably top five ever um Really good, just a good person, obviously a great leader.
So dealing with him through that, it could have been a really ugly situation.
And I'm sure different guys in the league have gone through that stuff.
But, you know, he really understood where I was coming from on the whole thing.
And, you know, it was tough.
The hardest thing I've ever done in my life was having to leave Colorado.
And I knew I needed to do it for my career. And, and it wasn't, you know,
I had to say what I said in the media to be politically correct or whatever,
but there was a lot of things that were, that went into it.
And like my wife's from Denver, like my in-laws are there.
We loved it there. The abs are my favorite team as a kid.
Like I used to cry every year when they got put out of the playoffs and I was
a kid. The fans were great to me. We loved everything about it, but you know,
sometimes you
got to make tough decisions in life and that was that was one of them and you know that was kind
of how it went and i'm i'm i'm i'm really happy to see the way they've they've done and they're
you know kind of moved forward and um you know they got some great players and i've got some
good friends that are there and you know we wish them nothing for the but the best so um I was kind of the Coles notes version obviously there was a lot of stuff uh behind
the scenes but it would never ever got like bad between me and anyone or me my teammates or
anybody and they obviously knew going to that that one that I guess last season that you know I wanted
to move on and um you know it's swayed it sometimes. And I,
I felt like I was, I felt like if I just sat there until now and just left and left for nothing, I mean, I'm kind of screwing them too. Right. So I wanted to give them the heads up as soon as I
could to kind of allow them to make, you know, an adjustment and make a plan to, to not just,
you know, for me to walk for, for, we can get nothing back. You know what I mean? So
that was kind of my intention as well.
I didn't want to be that guy.
So I'm kind of glad you asked that because I never got a chance to talk about this.
It's something that I still think about, and it was very emotional and still is.
So I'll forever be an Avs fan, and Denver will forever be a home for me.
So, yeah.
Thanks for the answer, man.
It's a great answer.
I also want to i also want
to ask you played under the legendary goalie patrick wahoo became a coach uh he had or has
or had a reputation to be a lunatic i wanted to ask what was your experience like in the three
years you played for him and is he in fact a lunatic patty i mean patty has a temper for sure
and patty's passionate uh i love patty patty is a is a you know just a competitor
um all around um you know he would there was times he'd come in he'd be screaming and yelling
you're going geez what's he screaming and yelling for and it's just the passion was just what sean
uh through all the time and um you know you saw that first game um that he that he coached with
us and you know he went out i can't remember who the coach was for anna um but he that he coached with us and you know he went out uh i can't remember who the
coach was for anna um but he like knocked a glass in and there wasn't even really anything going on
but i think he just wanted i think he just wanted to show us that he was with us you know he that
was his first game he's like boys i'm with you like you know and uh so it was a great experience
i mean patty was patty was my favorite I was almost a goalie because of Paddy.
I grew up, my dad and my grandpa were diehard Habs fans.
And when Paddy got traded from the Habs to Colorado,
that's kind of how I got onto Colorado because my dad started watching.
He loved Paddy and started watching Avalanche when I was like four or five years old.
And, you know, watching Paddy growing up, like, you know, i used to play road hockey goalie all the time pretend i was him so to have him as a coach
and then joe was the same thing for me and then the other guy that i looked up to was peter
forsberg and i played with him in his last two games the nhl he was on my line with milan hey
dude because like i was playing nhl like 19 or whatever the heck you know it was it was crazy it's like I remember my first
my line of bed for uh the game I was gonna play with Forsberg and he'd come back he wanted to try
his foot he was wearing two different skates that's how bad his foot was I was like wow this
guy must love the game which was cool uh to see but he was wearing two different skates and he
had a stim unit in one of them like hooked up to his foot oh i remember hearing that it was crazy um but i remember land in bed we're playing against columbus and
i was in columbus i remember land there i'm going oh my god i'm about to play a game with
peter forsberg milan hey duke i was 19 or 20 years old at the time i'm like those are my
line mates tonight like holy shit like i couldn't believe it. And it was, yeah, I mean, so I actually got,
I asked him when he was done,
because I like to collect sticks and stuff from around the league.
And I said, hey, man, like, can I have your last stick?
Like, do you want to keep that or can I have it?
He said, no, no, no, you can have it.
So he signed and he signed his and like personalized to Matt,
all the best or whatever, you know, Peter Forsberg.
So I have his
last ever stick no fucking way yeah so that's a pretty cool thing that i you know that's kind of
when i started collecting sticks i think because i was like okay i gotta add to this because this
is pretty cool so i mean he was him and joe were like the guys i modeled my game after tried to
obviously you know it's tough to live up to those two guys. But, you know, those are two guys I really, like, looked up to as a kid.
And here I am working for, you know, I played with one on a line
and then worked for the other two.
One was my GM, one was my coach.
I mean, man, to have a personal relationship with your heroes.
And, you know, when people say, like, don't meet your heroes, like,
for me that was a bunch of bullshit because they lived up to everything
that I had expected.
So it was pretty awesome.
Some really good memories there for sure. So, um, yeah.
Hey guys, hang on one second.
I want to talk to you for a second about Indochino.
Every guy wants to look and feel good.
You want to be confident and there's no better way to do that than putting on
a suit and Indochino hooks it up the best.
Indochino is the world's most exciting made-to-measure menswear company.
They make suits and shirts to your exact measurements for an unparalleled fit
and comfort.
Looking to get hitched?
They have tons of options for those looking to outfit their wedding party.
A wide selection of high-quality fabrics and colors to choose from,
not to mention the option to personalize the details, including your lapel,
your lining, the pockets, buttons, and writing your own monogram. It's real simple. You visit
a stylist at one of the Indochino showrooms. There's over 40 in North America. Have them take
your measurements personally, or you can do it at home. And then you shop on indochino.com,
choose your fabric, choose your design customizations, you submit your measurements
with your choices, and then you chill out and relax until your suit gets professionally tailored and milled to you in a couple of weeks.
And this week, our listeners can get any premium Indochino suit for just 359 at Indochino.com
when entering chiclets at checkout. That's 50 off the regular price for a made-to-measure
premium suit, plus shipping is free. That's indochino.com promo code chiclets for
any premium suit for just 359 and free shipping it's an incredible deal for a premium premium
made to measure suit once you go custom you don't go back uh legendary story about peter
forsberg i think we've told it on the podcast before i don't know who came on and said it but
i think he was in philly wit you can uh correct me if i'm wrong where he was just coming back from injury and the coach was like all right
well to the assistant bag skate him because he wasn't in the lineup yet and after doing like a
few of the laps he was like fuck this he's like if i'm okay to bag skate i'm okay to play so he
just skated off the ice didn't even really tell the assistant coach ended up playing that night
i think he had a hat trick maybe maybe it was only two goals so that just goes to the legend
of Peter Forsberg and and and everything he's everyone who talks about him talks about him
like he's a legend well that's because he is yeah all I heard was like he'd come to camp and like
he played tennis all summer apparently like and I mean if he's listening to the podcast hopefully
none of this is is crap but you know the guys the the stuff i heard about him he'd come in and like
you know he looked like a hockey player he wasn't cut by any means none of us thought really are
um but he'd get on the bike and he'd like wouldn't stop they'd have to kick him off the bike he just
had that like viking crazy strength and uh yeah guys said they'd like he he might have been the guy
i mean he i don't even think he played a thousand games but he barely i guess he barely practiced
because he was always kind of he had something going on she played so hard and he was just a
warrior like he'd have guys hanging off his back and stuff i've heard the stories i heard about him
like he's that hit on new and deck that he had that everyone kind of remembers from the playoffs
i guess he like just lost his mind and like guys are trying to calm him down
on the bench. And that's what he went out and did.
He wasn't a guy that really hit that much, you know?
So I'm definitely a guy for a young kid like me growing up,
guy to definitely to try and mimic as best you can, you know, it's what a,
what a hockey player.
Speak for yourself when you're saying that we aren't ripped because
Hey, we're talking about warriors and force, but did play through so much. We're, when you're saying that we aren't ripped because I don't want to be in bail.
Hey, we're talking about Warriors, and Forsberg did play through so much.
We're talking to Matt right now.
You guys don't know, but this is the afternoon before Game 5 of the Cup Final,
and word is kind of going around that Zdeno Charo will be playing with a broken jaw.
I'm wondering if you can remember anyone playing with an injury like that on one of your teams or even an injury where you were like,
holy shit,
I can't believe this guy's going tonight?
Broken jaw is tough to match.
That's badass.
I mean, man.
I mean, granted, I don't know if anyone can reach his jaw,
so it should be pretty safe.
But, man, that guy.
I mean, that guy.
Oh, R.A. coming with the jab on the blues man that guy i mean that guy what are you biased motherfucker
um you know i i like like how impressive is that guy like how is he 41 42 now
it's 42 and like you've seen those videos i'm like climbing those ropes and
man like talk about
intimidation factor when you see that guy against you you look up and you go oh my god you know you
can maybe beat him wide but then he has that 48 foot long stick that he just pokes puck off you
you know you might get lucky if you beat him wide i'm saying he's not definitely not easy to beat or
he very rarely ever beat him but man what a what a player i think that's a cool story that's what
that's what our game's all about though right I know you guys talk about that all the time.
You have the hockey guy posts or whatever.
Like, I love to see it.
I love to see the boys playing through stuff.
Some of the guys on our team in the playoffs, I mean,
Riley Nash took that hit from Chara in game two, I think it was.
And, man, I think he played two more games before he couldn't anymore,
and his shoulder was toast.
And, you know, bad separation, and he just kept shooting it His shoulder was toast. Bad separation.
He kept shooting it up and coming back.
Those kinds of guys you want on your team.
I think it's just inspiring.
I think it's empowering for those guys too
to do it for your teammates.
I haven't had a situation where I had to really play through
anything quite like that.
I tore my MCL.
Last time we were in the playoffs in Colorado,
I tore my MCL kind of bad before the playoffs, and I came back.
But it was, like, healed.
But I was still, like, conscious of it.
So it's impressive when guys can go out there and, you know,
really play with something like that.
So it'll be pretty funny to see him with a fishbowl on, though, I think.
I know.
I know.
I thought he might go with the cage.
So this will be your first time getting to experience being a UFA.
I'm correct on that, right? Yeah. Yeah.
So, I mean, leading up,
have you already talked to your agency about kind of what to expect?
I know the window opens when teams can start talking to you end of June and
then July 1st is the real date, but what's the game plan going in?
Do you have a certain number of teams you're kind of going to stick to?
I mean, how has it all gone on so far with you and the agency
trying to figure out how to approach everything?
Honestly, it's so early that we haven't, and this is God's honest truth,
I mean, it's just so early that we're kind of just waiting for things to start.
I think all the teams are kind of having their scouting meetings
and everything like that.
And obviously,
um,
you know,
right now I'm a Columbus blue jacket.
So that's,
and I mean,
that's a team that we'll be talking to a hundred percent.
I mean,
I really enjoyed my time there.
And,
um,
so,
you know,
I,
I think,
uh,
it's hard for me to answer that question.
Cause I,
every time I talked to Pat,
like my agent,
I got off the phone and, you know, I'm kind of know i i'm more clear but i'm still like my wife will
say so blah blah blah when's this or what's this or whatever what do you say whatever i'm kind of
like yeah i don't know i don't know like i'm like geez what what the heck do we talk about all that
time you know what i mean it's such a complicated process and i don't think you really know what it
is until you're in it so So I think I'm going to,
I might talk to some guys that have recently gone through it.
A guy like Paul Stastny.
I know we've,
he and I are pretty good buddies and,
you know,
he said,
Kate,
call me if you have any questions or whatever.
He's been through it a couple of times now.
And John Tavares,
another guy who obviously was the,
was on TV every 30 seconds last summer up here with his big decision.
And he was obviously such a big name on the market.
And I have no idea what to expect, really.
It's exciting, but at the same time, you kind of lay in bed at night
and go, geez, like, you know, what's going to happen?
You just don't really know.
To be honest with you, I'm not leaning one way or another.
I have no clue what's going to happen.
So at the end of the day, I want to find somewhere that,
like we talked earlier, where I feel like we can, we can win number one, and I can, you know,
play to the best of my ability. And then a great, you know, a great fit for my family. And you know,
my son who doesn't really have a hometown right now, I was thinking about that before I came on
the phone with you guys, like, you know, that's important, like for kids, and whether it's, you
know, seven or eight years or whatever, that's a big chunk of his childhood that I've got to kind of look out for.
So it's a big decision.
And, you know, I'm sure it's going to get stressful.
But, you know, the anticipation is high right now for sure.
Matty, I can give you some advice.
I never went through it at the NHL level,
but I did go through it at the AHL level where I became an unrestricted free agent after my uh first year with the ontario rain and i was going to go back
and and rod blake uh called and he said we're going to give you 130 and then i asked for more
and he said no 130 take it or leave it i took it so that's my advice to you um hopefully it maybe
maybe works out a little better but uh just you know you can use that
moving forward if you don't want to call any other guys to bother them that sounds good man thanks
for the advice uh you know it's pretty pretty tough turn down rob blake i i assume so i don't
think you're uh i don't think you're soft doing that for sure yeah they threw in a little extra
per diem but uh we we mentioned that your your uh your guitar abilities, and you can cover some famous country music singers.
Can you not?
Yeah, I'm per request only, but when the boys come up and want me to play,
I'm not that guy at the party that grabs a guitar and comes up to me.
That's because you're married to a kid.
If you were single, you'd be way different.
Honestly, that was one of the first things i did when i met my wife was uh was pull out the guitar so definitely it definitely
helps with that but um yeah like i have one buddy who's they'll all be listening to this podcast by
the way they were so fired up today when i told him i was coming on but i have one buddy that
every time he's up there he'll be like d, Dutchie, get out the guitar, man.
And like sometimes I've had like it's Saturday night.
We're hanging at the cottage.
We don't have a bar in my hometown.
So everyone comes over and we wake surf all day and then have drinks at night and stuff.
And sometimes I'm like at that perfect amount of, you know, in one where I'm like, OK, you know, I'll get it out.
And then there's other times I'm like, buddy, if I play play right now i'll be tripping all over my fingers like whatever but um yeah i'll get it out and we'll sit around
the fire and um i'll play some go-to's or whatever and um and then i'll say hey who wants to hear
somebody i'll say hey anyone suggestions and then i have like an app on my phone i can look up the
chords and just play it so um i've just been doing that and i definitely want to take lessons at some point because i want to get better i've been kind of stuck for a while
but my dad's a really good musician he plays drums bass and guitar and he kind of taught me
taught me four chords when i was 13 years old and i kind of ran with it from there so it's always fun
to uh play with him and um yeah it's definitely a passion of mine country music in general i
this is one of my big passions so that and fishing outside of you know hockey and my family so um you know that's that's been it's been fun to to
be able to do that with my friends for sure duchesne and nashville confirmed uh tweet it out
rinelli tweet it out please thank you oh man that's that's been the funniest thing is just
to see all that stuff because it's like yeah yeah, I mean, country music will have no effect on my decision.
That is definitely something I will say, regardless of how much I love it
and how big of a passion and the friends that I have that are at that level
and do it for a living, that will not have a
it's all about the game and about my family.
Matt, there's a lot of factors that go into choosing a team in free agency,
like you just mentioned, salary, city, maybe a chance to play with certain guys.
What's the most important factor for you when it comes to signing your next deal?
The hockey part.
I mean, I only get to  I talked to my wife about this, and, I mean,
like I said, I got to look out for her and my little guy.
They're a big factor, obviously, in where we end up.
But at the same time, you know, we've talked about,
I only get to do this for so long.
I'd love to be one of those guys that, you know,
plays till late 30s or maybe even 40.
I'd love to be that guy, but who knows if I'm going to be able to,
you know, you just don't know.
So this decision is a hockey decision.
I've been saying it all along.
You want a cup.
Yeah, I want to win a dead yeah i want to win a
cup i want to win a cup absolutely number one and it's very tough to i mean look at the league now
like teams come out of the woodwork you go from being one of the worst teams in the league to one
of the best and vice versa in a matter of two years now so that's very tough to do i want to
obviously like we talked about i want a place where i feel like i can continue to grow my game
and improve my game and um i and then at the end of the day i want to find somewhere to you know really look
after my family so you know you're kind of trying to check off these boxes as you go and and um it's
tough i mean i don't know what's what the opportunities are yet i truly don't i mean we
haven't talked to anyone yet and i know it's about to get crazy, but I don't know what's out there yet.
And I'm obviously very curious to see because it's a big chunk of my career.
So, you know, I'm really excited, but, you know, a little nervous
and a little anxious at the same time.
So we'll see what the future holds here.
Well, Dutchie, before we let you go, I want to say thanks.
And I also was curious um
gold medal winner 2014 in beautiful i think sochi russia um where where is that gold medal now where
you got that thing hanging up or what's the deal with that yeah i've got it uh i've got i've got
it up i i i definitely that's one of the that's one of the best things i've ever been a part of i
mean um one of the most stressful because you know just making that team for me was like winning a gold medal because it's like
there's so many great canadian players and it's something i never took really lightly and
i mean it was the same at the world cup a couple of a couple of falls ago too and
you know winning winning being a part of that gold medal team and sochi with all those guys i mean
those guys that are gonna be hall of famersers, things like that. I mean, definitely something I, you know,
whenever I walk by it and I see that medal,
I'm just like, wow, did that actually really happen?
You know, and, you know, the fans look at all of us
and they're just like, oh, yeah,
it's probably not a big deal or whatever, you know.
But it's a huge deal to all of us
to get to do what we do, number one.
And then when you get lucky enough to be part of things like that, I mean, it's a huge deal to all of us to get to do what we do number one and then when you get lucky
enough to be part of things like that I mean it's super special so um I mean I know you guys are
just as grateful as I am to have played this game and it's given us our life really right and um so
that was definitely something that I I'm very grateful for and um you know God was looking out
for me big time on that one uh last thing i think we got to tell
them the story about your buddy harassing me on instagram uh i guess i'll let you tell it and then
i'll tell my side of it yeah so first of all the boys are hoping we're gonna bring this up all my
buddies they're like geez you got it my buddy's uh name is uh ashton haley and his he goes everyone
calls him hails and he is the biggest ontario boy i'll
ever meet like the thickest accent he's hilarious he's like a walking comedy act but
no he played uh he played like junior a okay junior a's um yeah he played like below the
oh like the one like provincial junior a or whatever so he uh my boys are like the most
passionate like loyal dudes ever i'm really lucky
to have the group i have he's one of them and he's like my best fishing buddy like when i'm
calling someone go fishing this is him so uh yeah so i had no idea so we're sitting at my my uh at
this bachelor party my best friends i threw it for him we're sitting at dinner and he's like dutch i
gotta tell you and the boys what i did with biz i I'm like, Oh God. Like, and I'm half in the bag at this point. And I'm like, still like,
Oh my God. Like, what are we, what are you going to say? Like,
what did you do, man? Like, cause I hate trolls. Like it's just,
everyone does like whatever, but it's part of,
part of Instagram and Twitter and all that. So, um, you know,
he like, so he goes on and, and he says,
yeah,
like,
uh,
biz was saying,
you know,
uh,
he,
he didn't have a good finish with Columbus and he's never proven himself in
the playoffs.
And I just had enough.
So I went on and he's like,
I,
I can't remember what he said to you.
He got on you or something.
He DM me.
He wrote me this long ass paragraph.
Keep in mind.
I have no idea.
This is Dutchie's buddy.
Okay. I love that. He DM'd you what's this what's this instagram because i could read it word for word but anyway basically defending dutchie and i said listen i got nothing against this guy
i just said he didn't have a great finish the year with columbus he doesn't he hasn't had much
playoff experience and and really hasn't proved himself when the going gets tough. So I'm standing by my comments.
So all of a sudden, Dutchie starts
lighting it up for playoffs.
And every time he gets a point,
whether it's a big goal or an apple,
he sends me the fucking
Kermit the Frog
tea drinking emoji.
And this fucking guy is driving
me up the... And I go, dude,
I'm happy for the guy.
I get it.
He's fucking producing.
He is now.
He hadn't in the past.
Next game, goal in an apple.
Fucking Kermit the Frog, T-emoji along with  I'm like pulling out my hair.
This guy is really getting under my skin.
He's owning you.
So finally, whatever, it finally ended.
And then Dutchie texts me the other day while he's on this bachelor party,
and he goes, dude, my buddy just told me he was trolling you.
And I was like, that son of a bitch was your buddy.
Dude, he showed me.
It was so funny, man.
He showed me your whole combo.
And it was clear you weren't trying to get on me or anything in the combo.
And then I love how you guys finished at the end. It's like when you watch watch two fighters go at it and then they just tap each other on the head like great job
at the end of the fight that's what it was you guys were like complimenting each other you're
sending smiley faces i was wondering if there's something going on there actually by the end of
the conversation i'll take what i can get buddy i don't play in the show anymore i don't i got
looks like a fucking piece of chewed up bubble gum yeah Yeah. They literally sat me down and they said, yeah,
you got to talk about business.
No, you got to ask about his ranch.
You got to talk about the chicklets, chicklets bump.
They said, you got to go on for the chicklets bump right before free agency.
So yeah, you're really going to need it.
You're really going to need it.
We'll take out 10.
You can get mad.
That was a great story, man.
I was, I couldn't believe he showed me at the bar.
We're sitting at dinner. He's telling the whole story. All of us are erupting because no one knew and then i'm
standing at the bar that's why i was texting you biz and and he's showing me the conversation
that you guys had and i'm losing my mind laughing i'm like dude i'm horrified at one on one hand
i don't want one of my buddies to i don't want one of my buddies to be one of those
fucking guys that does that you know but you but you know, that was so funny though.
The way he did it was so classic.
The Kermit,
the frog T emoji thing,
man,
that was kind of a joke.
I almost spiked my phone when I saw that.
Oh man.
We,
that was something we had going on,
uh,
like with each other on our group chat,
like after games when we'd win or whatever,
the boys would start sending that out.
And so that's where,
that's where that kind of started from.
So it was pretty,
it was pretty funny when he showed me that I couldn't believe it
I probably spit out whatever I was drinking when I read that
It was hilarious
Okay Dutchie, last thing before we let you go here
We're hopefully going to get Sid on
Can you give us
A little bit of dirt on Sid
So we can get him going when we have him on for an interview
Oh okay
I'm trying to think
Or at least text us
because he's going to hear this.
Yeah, you put me on the spot. Maybe I'll get back
to you on that one. Sure, text us some info
and we're going to get him good. We're going to get
some personality out of him.
You guys both play with him.
How the heck did you guys not get any dirt on him?
We got something. We're just trying to really
plan for him so he can't weasel his way
out. I was just hoping at one point you saw him eating frozen Snickers bars
in the middle of the night.
They wouldn't even let me talk to him when I was there.
They had a guy around who would just block me and be like,
don't talk to Sid, please.
Oh, that's funny.
No, if I think of something, I'll let you guys know.
I'll think on it.
But, yeah, that's pretty funny.
I can't wait to hear what you guys have on them.
That'll be good.
That'll be good.
And Dutchie, thank you very much.
I would say good luck at free agency, but you're probably not going to need it.
You're going to be a very rich man.
Happy for you and happy for you with the birth of your son.
I know you said he's five, six months old.
That's great.
So we appreciate you coming on and thanks again.
Thanks, boys.
Appreciate it.
That interview was also brought to you by HelloFresh.
HelloFresh is a meal kit delivery service that shops, plans,
and delivers step-by-step recipes and pre-measured ingredients
so you can just cook, eat, and enjoy.
Home-cooked meals made simple because HelloFresh makes conquering the kitchen
a reality with deliciously simple recipes.
HelloFresh does all the meal planning, shopping, and prepping
so you can focus on a healthier you and a happier family.
You get seasonal, simple recipes and pre-measured ingredients
delivered right to your door every week.
So simple, even I can figure it out, and I have.
I love HelloFresh, been using it for a while, big fan.
Cooking is also enjoyable and easy with HelloFresh
because of the fresh pre-measured ingredients
and easy-to-follow six-step pictured recipe cards
are delivered to your door each week in a special insulated box. All meals come together in about 30 minutes max.
Call for less than two pots and pans and require minimal cleanup. So make family dinners fuss-free
with HelloFresh's picky-eater, kid-tested, and approved family plan recipes. Make deliciousness
part of your every week. There are three plans to choose from,
the classic, veggie, and family, with the option to switch between for when your tastes change.
Enjoy fun menu features with HelloFresh's dinner to lunch, 20-minute meals, gourmet,
and one-pot wonders, among more. Get out of that recipe rut and start cooking outside your comfort
zone by discovering new delicious recipes.
I myself, I've been a big fan of the classic. I like to mix it up a little bit, a little chicken here and there, a little beef here and there, boom. Always got to mix it up with HelloFresh.
And right now, for 80 off your first month of HelloFresh, go to hellofresh.com
slash chiclets80 and enter the promo code chiclets80. Again, one more time, you want to go to hellofresh.com
slash CHICKLETS80 and enter the promo code CHICKLETS80.
That will get you 80 off your first month of HelloFresh.
Get cracking and do it now.
Big thanks to Matt Duchesne.
Great interview.
Big thanks to him for coming on.
That's a big get for us, guys, and he was very candid.
I hope he ends up getting that big ticket.
And as we mentioned during the interview, he's going to Nashville.
That's a guarantee.
You could put money on that.
There's futures bet.
I can give you that for your gambling corner.
But one thing that we have to talk about coming out of the interview is Ryan Whitney.
What did you win?
What is it?
You advanced to the master.
I didn't win anything. I didn't win anything.
I didn't win anything, but I did
get into a tournament I've wanted
to get into and I've been working hard.
The Massachusetts Amateur.
It was funny. My wife's like, what do you
win if you ever won that?
I was like, nothing.
Just pride.
Just pride and being
considered a really good golfer. But dude,
it's at the country club. I said to everyone, what did I say that night? I had to shoot one
or two over and ended up being one over and I was leaking oil. I was one under. And by the way,
if you don't like golf talk, just fast forward, like two hours. Um, I was, I was, I was one under
on 14 and I was really trying to stay in the moment.
My mental game has been really hard for me to try to get good at in golf.
It's so fucked up.
It's like you have time to think.
We never had time to think in hockey.
You know, you just show up to the rink.
You go on the ice.
You don't even think.
You just, like, make plays.
You don't have time.
Yeah, like in a time of walking up to your ball, you're like, okay.
Yes, yes.
I'm just, like, completely panicking half the time.
What am I going to do next? What am I going to do next? But today, this time, I was like, no, you're like, okay. Yes, yes. I'm just like completely panicking half the time. What am I going to do next?
What am I going to do next?
But today, this time, I was like, no, you're getting in this one.
You're not going to blow it.
You're not going to blow it coming down the stretch like all those other times.
Let's go.
14th hole, one under.
I'm looking good.
I hit it on the green like 20 feet left of the pin.
I'm like, okay.
I'm like, let's make this.
Hit an unbelievable putt that just misses the top.
Missed it on the pro side. For everyone who knows golf, missed it on the pro side. Didn't miss it
low. Missed it high where I gave myself a chance to make it. And it runs out to about three and a
half feet. But that's okay. I've been banging in these three and a half footers all day long. No
problem for par. You know what I do? I shove it right. I miss it. Fuck. I'm like, fuck.
God damn it.
Even par.
No worries.
No problem.
I'm going to the par 5, 15th hole.
That's okay.
That's down the line.
Kind of a long hole into the win, but no worries.
Par 5.
Very scorable.
I want to get back to one under.
That was the other thing.
Me and my caddy, Derek.
Shout out, Derek.
At the end of the round, by the way, I was so happy.
We lit up a little bone.
We were just getting a little baked.
It was awesome.
And then he told me he had to stay.
He couldn't even go home.
He's like, I was too banged up.
I couldn't even get in the car.
I was supposed to get picked up.
I just said, just no, I'll get a cab later.
Just sat there.
Either way, it was a nice celebratory afternoon for me and him.
Till 15.
Oh, so I said to him, I'm not just just gonna like be like okay one it one over will get
in i i can be one over i'm gonna try to go as low as i can right like don't rest on like oh i could
make another bogey and be okay so what do i do on 15 i pound my driver i'm kind of in the rough
little blocked out so i couldn't go for the green so i laid up and then i just shoved the dart in
there from 85 yards made the putt back. Back to one under. Let's go.
Three holes left.
That's how to bounce back from a shitty bogey on 14.
Fucking right, Spuddy.
I'm getting pumped up here.
Holy shit.
Here I come.
The country club.
It's called the country club.
Here I come.
16th hole.
Long wait.
Par 3 playing 215.
What?
Wait.
Par 3?
I got to the tee.
I got to the tee, and the group in front of us were still waiting to hit.
So I was like, oh, my God.
No.
Yeah, I got three holes left.
This is a fuck.
They're trying to freeze me out here.
So sure as shit, I missed the green with a four iron.
It comes flying out of the rough when I chip it to like 20 feet.
Miss it.
Bogey.
It's okay.
Back to even.
Easy 17th hole coming up.
Not too bad.
I hit a drive a little bit right.
I got a buck 25 into the hole.
Me and my caddy are talking club.
I wanted to hit the 54.
It was downwind.
That's about a 115 club, 110.
He wanted me to hit the 50.
Oh, no.
I wanted to hit the 50.
He wanted to hit the 54.
He didn't want me to go long.
Do you always go with what your caddy says
no not always but we're pretty
we've known each other for a while
he knows
my game
he knows my game and my mental
and where I'm at
he's like that club could go long
just hit this one and you'll be 30 feet below the hole
and you'll fucking two pot
and we'll be on to the par
5, 18th, even par.
I do exactly what he says. I hit the
last club. I'm 30 feet short.
What do I do? I leave it 10 feet
short. No! I leave it 10
feet short. I miss
that pot. No! I'm like,
fuck me! God
damn it. God damn it. I'm like, now
I'm on this fucking 18th hole, par five.
I'm like, I think par will be fine, but do I need birdie?
He's like, no, par is fine.
One over will be fine.
One over will be fine.
Hit my drive.
I lay up.
I was like, I'm not even going to go at it.
I just lay up.
I laid up to 80 yards.
All I have to do, he's like, dude, shove an 80-yard dart in there.
Make birdie.
You shoot even par.
We're on to the country club, bud.
We're on.
You know what I do? I chunk
it. No!
I chunk the third one. What? I chunk the third one
like 15 yards short.
I was like, oh my god.
But I walked up to the ball. He took the card around.
I walked to the ball. I said, don't be a
fucking pussy. You've blown so
many of these. You've worked
so hard off-season on your golf
swing. I've read i've read
books about the mental aspect i care more about this than anything than my wife or son sorry guys
i don't care about spitting chiclets as well you care about this more than spitting chiclets
way more oh god so i get up there but i i'm gonna be honest and What do I do? After calling myself up, I just chip it up
to a foot, walk in
with the goddamn flagstick in,
knock it in for one over,
and my ticket's punched to the
Massachusetts Amateur.
July 4th, 2015.
Thank you very much.
That was better than Daddy Shaq.
That was my round.
Had a couple of vodka G2s on the way. I'll call those the athlete.
This is Tito's G2. Had a couple of those to calm the nerves.
I mean, this is new age shit for me, dude. I grew up shooting pucks
and cranking it to Joe Sackick snapshots. I wasn't exactly
swinging a golf club in my basement like half the kids who play golf around here for
a fucking living as professional amateurs.
But I love it.
I'm in.
I'm excited.
It's two rounds on a world-class course.
And then if you get in the top 32, there's 100
I don't know how many people.
Say 130 people in the top 32 getting a match play.
That is my goal.
That's a long-shot goal.
I'm probably plus  if you bet 100 on me making match play, you're probably going to get back about 2,000.
What?
Yeah, tough on it.
It's all like, there's a lot of good college players.
There's good players, man.
I'm not there yet.
I could come and be your muscle, start fucking Nancy Kerrigan a couple times.
I'll tell you right now, I got some, I think getting in this tournament is going to open the floodgates for me, boys.
I think this is going to take me to that next level. So if you don't like golf, I think getting in this tournament's going to open the floodgates for me, boys. I think this is going to take me to that next level.
So if you don't like golf, I think you're an idiot.
But that was my little recap, and thanks for listening.
Wait, quick question.
Did you know what the cutoff was on those last couple hoes?
Like, did you know you had to be like-
No, so you're not, I don't even know if you're supposed to check your phone.
Some say don't check your phone.
I don't know.
I didn't do anything if anyone's trying to bust me on it now.
But you can check scores that are already in.
But half the field was behind me.
Okay.
So I came in, and I actually thought two over would get in.
So I thought I was safe.
And then I came in.
I was like, dude, this is going to be on the number.
I was like, this is a sweat.
Who won it?
Who's the guy who won it?
Two under?
The kid who won it.
Yeah.
The kid who plays at Trinity.
Oh, he played at Trinity, yeah, good round.
Taylor K. Green, his name was.
Actually, my buddy James Driscoll, who's played on the PGA and the Web.com tour,
he was caddying.
He's playing this week at a Web.com event, I think the BMW tournament,
and he called me on Wednesday morning.
And he's like, I'm with this kid Taylor K. Green.
He's my buddy from Charles River.
He's down caddying for me.
And I looked through this scorecard where he's medalist,
and I see your name.
I didn't think it had you in.
You had it in you, Whit.
And I was like, I think that was a huge slap in the face,
but thanks, Jammer.
I love you, buddy.
He's like, congrats.
So it was fun.
And, yeah, congrats to that kid, 200.
That was a good round there.
We also got to congratulate the ECHL champs, R.A.
Yes, Newfoundland, however you want to call it.
And everyone was asking, what about this Kelly Cup?
It looks like they busted out the new Kelly Cup for the first time.
Eh, Biz?
Yeah, so I don't want to spill the beans too much,
but let's just say there's going to be an ECHL Kelly Cup number three because those guys had a good time with it actually number five oh oh they've already broken
four well there's the one they just made was the fourth one the first two are in the hall of fame
the third one is unaccounted for due to colorado the fourth one was the one they just gave out last
night and uh apparently they're gonna have to make a fifth one if that's the case, if it's MIA yet again.
So a big congratulations to, is it Adam Party?
Yeah, Parts.
So he went back home.
He's from there to play in his last season, played six NHL seasons,
and he just wanted to have a little fun his last year.
Goes home, gets to bring home a Kelly Cup.
Same thing with my buddy O'Brien, who I won a Calder Cup with in Manchester.
Excuse me.
And speaking of the Calder Cup, the Charlotte Checkers are up 3-1
on the Chicago Wolves.
So look for them to close out maybe in the next few days here,
and we'll definitely talk about that on the next podcast.
Anything else?
Oh, the theme song.
I'll let you take that away, Grinnell.
Yeah, some SoundCloud rapper made a theme song for us.
It's pretty good.
Thoughts, R.A.?
I enjoyed it.
I don't know if I want to make it our theme music or anything.
I mean, it was pretty clever.
There were some good rhymes in there,
but I'm a little apprehensive about maybe making it our opening tune.
I kind of like R.A.
R.A. hates the rap.
That's false.
That's a falsehood. I love
rap. I'm more of an old school rap guy.
I don't really listen to too much of the current stuff
but to say I don't like rap
is just... He likes Sammy Adams.
Well, now don't you
tell me to stop.
So we got to give the guy some credit though.
His name is Sammy Rich. He goes
by Sammy Rich on Instagram.
We appreciate the effort, but we should open
this up to a contest.
If you think you could write our theme song
and maybe rap in it, or maybe it's a little
country jam or rock and roll jam,
send it to us. Maybe we'll
make you our opening theme song, because
I think that we've reached a level where we're
going to need that. Whit, what do you think?
I don't know. The only time
I listened when i was sick
and i don't remember the song that day but i had issues with it if we were to have a set song for
the beginning of every show it would have to be a banger like because we've had some pretty good
jams you know people have always tweeted in like hey what was the music that led into this show
like so if we're gonna just play the same I mean, part of my take has like the ultimate.
That's their, that's, oh no,
they have a song that ends the show, don't they?
No, they have this opening song and an ending song.
Is it the same song?
Yeah, they open up to Electric Avenue
and then they have, I forget what the last one was.
Yeah, like it's so set in stone now
that if we were going to have one like about our podcast,
we would have to all be signing off like this is legit.
All right, well, let's open up the floodgates here,
and hopefully we got a lot of creative people listening and a lot of musicians.
And I wanted to give a shout-out, almost an apology of sorts.
Went up to Portland last night, Portland, Maine.
Nice little place.
You guys ever been up there?
Oh, yeah, sneaky great place.
Great restaurants. man nice little place you guys ever been up there oh yeah sneaky great place great restaurants i
went to this place i'm gonna shout out um even tide oysters i think it was called holy shit they
got this lobster roll there the lobster they pull it off like like like it's like it's like
shredded pork almost that's how the lobster is on a on a bow bun or something like that like some
asian toward a bun thing oh my. I had like 16 of them.
And I just told the guy at the end, I said,
that's the best lobster roll ever. He goes, yeah, we sell thousands of them.
It was incredible.
But my apology was the waitress this morning at the hotel for breakfast.
She said, are you Ryan Whitney? I said, well, well, yes, I am.
She said, I'm a huge fan of spitting chiclets. I just moved here a week ago.
I love the show.
I was like, thank you so much for listening.
That's incredible.
No shit.
So then she says, you know, what would you like to drink?
I said, could I start with an apple cranberry juice with ice?
This girl's face was like, I just fucking kicked her dog in the snout.
She was so disgusted.
I think she probably like from listening to the podcast,
thought I might get maybe a Bloody Mary or even a beer at 9 in the morning.
Or a Pink Whitney.
I was going to say, you don't want a Pink Whitney?
No, just the fact that it was an apple cranberry juice with ice is just like,
ugh, this guy's such a pussy.
She spit in your face.
But she was very nice, very nice.
A real treat for a waitress, so I wanted to
thank you for that. You know us over
at Spit and Chicklets love talking about wrenches.
So, it's time
for a little wrench talk, brought to you by our new
friends over at Trojan Condoms.
Sex. We all love it.
There is no denying it.
I mean, you all know we're pretty open about our
personal love lives. I'm a single man
still meeting girls and living my best life,
just like I did when I was an NHL rookie.
Witt is all wifed up now, but we all know back in his NHL days
when Crosby was helping him cash checks, not a big deal.
He was running wild.
R.A. is an experienced vet that lived through the sex-crazed 70s.
God, I don't want to imagine that.
Fuck it.
Even Grinnell is out there getting his pecker wet.
It's a big, sexy world out there, and damn it, we at Spit and Chicklets embrace it.
We all have done it, and we don't plan on stopping anytime soon, and you shouldn't either.
Sex is the best. But when you're out there in the trenches getting the deed done,
we want you to all be safe. You never know when some rocket at the bar will want to bring you
back to your place, and it's always important to be prepared. And that's why you should always have
a Trojan brand condom with you. STIs and unintended pregnancies are something we all want to avoid
and there's no other brand out there I would allow anywhere near my wrench or trust like I do
Trojan condoms. I want you guys out there having a good time,
but I want you guys staying safe while you do it.
And no other brand out there would get my recommendation like Trojan condoms.
And yeah, guys, we got a huge hockey game coming up Sunday night.
We'll be staying up late for that one.
And then I have my first round in the mass open Monday.
So I'm going to have to get to sleep after we record
and then go out there and I'm playing with a couple of pros.
There's pros in this tournament.
Who the fuck am I to be playing with pro golfers?
I'll be trying, though.
Also have some merch we'll be dropping on Monday.
Oh, shit.
Okay.
Very special merch.
We've been working on it for a long time.
Very special merch.
I got to mention one last thing.
My experience at the Dining Backs game the other day,
like I don't get out much anymore,
especially to like baseball games and big social events,
other than the Stanley Cup Finals.
But that was a special  that was a present for me.
So I go to this game in fly ball.
Like what do you call it when you hit it out of bounds?
Foul ball.
A foul ball.
That's how much baseball I watch right there.
It comes right into our section,
and this older guy ends up catching it bare hands,
and everyone, yeah, yeah, you're the fucking man.
Good job.
Good catch.
So he does the good guy thing, and he tossed it to a kid,
which if you're a grown-up, you should do that.
But the whole section erupts.
I thought they were going to award this guy with the Purple Heart.
People were coming up from a section over to pat him on the back,
and I'm like, holy shit, guys.
It was a nice thing to do, but let's just calm down here.
So a little bit later on, the Baxter mascot comes out,
and he starts throwing T-shirts, and they get the T-shirt guns.
And sure enough, that same guy just standing up where his seat is,shirts and they get the t-shirt guns and sure enough that
same guy just standing up where his seat is not really begging for a t-shirt the girl ends up
throwing one right into his chest area and he just catches it and he's like oh fuck must be my night
and obviously it was what a night go d-backs well there was like a 13 14 year old boy beside him and he was obviously upset that he
didn't catch it he was with his mother and the mother was giving this older guy the death stare
as if she had he just stole like basically a foul ball from him and so obviously i'm getting a kick
out of this because i'm going there to people watch, not watch the fucking baseball game. And for about an inning long, both teams batted.
She was staring at this guy.
Kept looking over like he was the biggest asshole on the planet.
So I'm bumping my girl being like, can you see what is happening here?
I want this to escalate.
So I'm praying.
So I start videoing it a little bit.
So then it ends up ending and she finally stopped staring.
So I'm like,
yeah,
I gotta go get a water.
I go grab a water from the,
the,
one of the canteen spots.
And I'm like,
Oh yeah,
I'll grab one of those bags of spits too.
There's a thing that had a bunch of bags of spits on him.
You know what the lady tells me?
Those are just for decoration.
No,
I say,
I say,
excuse me. Why do people have to be like that at a at a
baseball game at the canteen area there's a bag of spits which by the way it's the best fucking
sunflower seed on the planet there isn't even a close second fuck you that david's bullshit get
it out of my face spits salted put them right in my fucking five hole and there's about 20 bags
in this jar glass jar thing no they're just for display how the fuck are you gonna put that in my
face at a baseball game and then tell me i can't buy sunflower seeds when i can see them right there
is is that not am i going fucking crazy am i taking my crazy pills here and obviously you
could tell about my addiction slash obsession with spit sunflower seeds so i was devastated
ruined the rest of the game for me and not to boot as she walked over to the freezer to get my water
she went into the kitchen to like talk to people about a prior order and finally about three
minutes later ends up walking over the water as if there wasn't a ball game to go watch.
So sorry,
I got a little heated about the sunflower seeds,
but is that not crazy?
Yeah,
it is.
I mean,
I've worked behind a few counters in my day.
And if you have something up for a sample,
if someone wants to buy it,
we'll fucking sell it to them and just replace it when you get more of
them.
I'm not talking about like a,
like something that you wouldn't normally get at a baseball game.
I'm talking about spit sunflower seeds. and you're like, yeah, automatic.
Every spot's got to have sunflower seeds at a baseball game.
It's like having peanuts up there, and you're like, no, those are just for show.
What?
Sunk.
Yeah, yes.
She's like, yeah, we got a sunk.
But anyway, sorry to get a little heated about that,
but I just had expressed my frustration at whatever facility it is
where the Diamondbacks play because they have sunflower seeds on display.
Quick note, too, of people who are going to chime in on the intro song,
let us know, too, if you like what we do currently,
mixing up a song to begin, a song to end.
If you have any suggestions, not for songs,
just how you want us to do things going forward.
Also, too, I got to meet in person.
Shopping tonight.
Patrick shopping.
Oh, man.
Rocket City.
I was great.
He's dying to come on the show.
I told him we'll be in touch.
We'll get him on soon.
And I bumped into a buddy weeks.
He, too.
He wants to get back on, too.
So it was pretty cool.
But then it's those guys.
Hey, did you see somebody tagged us?
I don't know if it was Twitter or Instagram biz,
but Panarin's fucking dick flopping around in his boxing video.
Ooh.
You see that?
I mean, yeah, I wasn't going to mention it,
but yeah, his dick was flopping around.
Yeah, I was like, holy shit. Well, if somebody, like, tweets me and you,
like, look at this wrench, I'm like, all right,
like, there has to be something behind it.
That's some boxing flair over in St. Petersburg for the future.
That big dick energy?
Artemi Panarin.
Lisa Ann was at the barstool offices speaking of big dick energy.
Grinnell, did you get a good look at her?
I didn't.
I wasn't at the office at the time.
But, man, she has a presence.
The office has  I've never seen the office start buzzing
like when Lisa Ann walked in.
Do you think anyone had a shot?
She was feeling Rudy quite a bit.
I know, what the fuck?
Rudy, he really used me as a pawn in his scheme.
But the Frosted Tips was, he really wanted to do that.
And he just used our bet as a pawn.
He used me as a pawn.
Oh, so you bet him something he lost and he had to get frosted on the national championship we bet on the college
hockey national championship i bet on umass he bet on denver because he played at denver and
if the loser had to get frosted tips what a play by him because then worst case scenario he's like
hey it was a bet but he ends up looking glorious. He's a Costco brand Zac Efron.
That's what I said.
It's exactly what I said to him. I said,
you just want to be a Zac Efron looking
motherfucker. And he played me like a pawn
and I fell for it. And now Lisa Ann
wants to slob his knob.
Is that it, boys?
I guess that's it. I'm racking my brain. I had something
else to talk about, but I'll
remember. I'll remember at some point. I'll be back to you in 10 minutes. Honestly, I'm not familiar with Lisa Ann's it. I'm racking my brain. I had something else to talk about, but I'll remember. I'll remember at some point.
I'll be back to you in 10 minutes.
Honestly, I'm not familiar with Lisa Ann's work.
Yeah, shock!
No, I'm not even kidding.
I think she just came a later generation for me
where I wasn't watching porn to the extent I did in the 80s and 90s, man.
You're like, I don't know any porn star that doesn't have an enormous bush so uh hey let's let's get into the conversation
who's your guys favorite porn stars as far as i i i don't even have a favorite no joke i'm just
like you know first page i like that kendra lust a lot i'm like wait i'm i'm first page i go this
is like oh wait i thought we were talking about favorite one that we've all crushed.
I've crushed like 14.
I've crushed two porn stars.
What?
No, that's great.
I mean, it's two more than I did.
Oh, I talked about the one, the Bibi Jones one.
I talked about the Bibi Jones one when she went on the radio.
Have I told this whole story on the podcast?
Yeah, you have.
Yeah, when she told the whole valley that I had a small wrench.
Well, compared to probably some of our coworkers.
Right on the money.
Right on the money.
All right, gang.
That's going to wrap up tonight.
I hope you enjoyed the episode.
We'll be back after game six Sunday night.
We're going to be recording. We're either going to have
a new Stanley Cup champion or we're going to be dragging
it out for another game. So everybody have a great
weekend and we'll catch you on the rebound.
Peace. Right There's someone I used to see
But she don't give a damn for me
Well let me get to the point
Let's roll another joint and turn the radio to loud.
