Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 183 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
Boys, we're going to have some history made this week.
First ever game seven of the Stanley Cup final in Boston will be Wednesday night,
thanks to tonight's events.
But first, let's say hi to the boys quickly.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, what's going on, brother?
What's up, guys?
Managed to survive Vegas this weekend without Colin Wick crying at 5 a.m.
asking for money.
And I actually ended up able to leave Vegas up some money. So, at 5 a.m. asking for money. I actually ended up able
to leave Vegas up some money.
And the Bruins lived to fight another day.
Nobody gives a fuck about your gambling.
Did you get a kill or did you not?
Of course I got a kill.
You got one or two? Of course, just one.
One.
Was it from the daylight pool?
No, actually not mine. That was just my
buddies. I thought you were at Carabana.
No.
For a couple of those posts.
A couple of the dark ladies there.
Yum, yum, yum.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
No, at least he came back with fucking both of his hands in good shape.
Anyways, this time, let's trip.
Let's say hi to Biz next.
What's going on, Biz Nasty?
I'm doing great, R.A.
I went up to Flagstaff, which is cottage country in Arizona.
Whit's laughing at me right now, so it might distract me.
But I went for a nice, beautiful hike this weekend.
I've been off the booze for tomorrow.
It'll be one month.
And that doesn't include marijuana and other hallucinogenics.
But nonetheless, things are going great here in the desert
and very excited for a game seven.
And I know I fucked up my prediction, but selfishly, I don't care.
More hockey and more content from the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Absolutely.
And last but not least, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, my man?
Not much, guys.
Is Wednesday night going to be lit or what?
R.A.'s heading into the garden.
Game seven for the cup final.
I'll tell you right now, guys, I grew up with a picture,
an enormous poster above my bed of the Stanley Cup.
It was so classy, this poster.
I'm going to find it.
We'll get it on the chicklets.
It's definitely out there on Google Images.
It was just the cup, and I think it said the ultimate prize.
And it was this beautiful lighting picture.
And I also had, for about four years, I wore this hat.
Game 7, it said, no fear.
Do you remember the No Fear Company?
Oh, yeah.
That company was fucked, some of the sayings they had.
But one of them was just Game 7 because that's what we live for.
And is there anything better than Game 7 for the Stanley Cup cup i can't imagine what it's going to be like ra i'm going to need some live footage
of you there it's going to be wild but man is this going to be insane and you know what both
teams all year have really come back after they struggled right they've had great bounce back
performances the bruins did it tonight the Blues have been doing it all year,
and especially in the playoffs.
So anything can happen in Game 7.
It's the biggest cliche in hockey or in sports,
but it's a fact.
And the fact that we're dialed into one series now,
the emotional rollercoaster ride that we've been brought
through this series has been insane.
We've seen a little bit of absolutely everything,
and I will say this, coming from a neutral ground here,
I don't care who wins.
I bet on St. Louis to win.
But I was happy after that non-tripping call that this one's going to seven.
That way no fan base can bitch about anything.
Yeah, I think they still will.
Yeah, they definitely still will if the Bruins were to lose Game 7.
And let's wait to see what happens in Game 7.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm a little ahead of myself.
I don't know if it's already out there that Blues fans think tonight
wasn't refed poorly.
I actually thought it was.
I thought it was well-reffed.
I don't think maybe the Bruins were a little better in terms of getting calls
or on the side of getting some calls. But overall, I thought it was a well-officed. I don't think maybe the Bruins were a little better in terms of getting calls or on the side of getting some
calls, but overall, I thought it was a well-officiated
game. Well, St. Louis had four
opportunities on the power play, and Boston only
had two. Yeah, exactly.
Up to St. Louis to capitalize on those
chances. Yeah, let's get into
that, but first, we do want to let our audience
know we're going to be bringing on Nick Kiprios
a little later. He's a guy I saw play a lot
many moons ago, and now he's pretty big with the announcing up in Canada.
Everyone knows him up there.
What's up, Vince?
It's crazy.
I mean, like, he had a great career.
I think he played close to 600 games or just over.
But, like, what he's done in the media world,
he's one of, like, the top-end guys, and, you know, he's a great guy,
great insight, and fuck is he a funny bastard.
And his laugh is even funnier yeah he's got a
great laugh good storyteller yeah he had a lot of laughs with us and honestly if we had a couple
cases of beer i think we could have sat there for five hours talking to him we had a good vibe so
we're going to bring that up after we talk about game six so let's get to that sunday night for
the first time in their history the st louis blues had an opportunity to win a stanley cup
in the front of their home crowd to boot but Tuka Rask and the Boston Bruins spoiled the party plans for the Gateway City with
a resounding five to one win to force a game seven Wednesday night here in Boston the first ever
Stanley Cup final game seven in Boston it's also the first game seven since 2011 and man what more
can we say about Tuka Rask at this point? Regardless of how the game turns out Wednesday,
he might be the Conn Smythe winner regardless.
The Blues come out, had more jump.
Again, Rask was there, made the saves, kept the bees alive.
They got that five on three.
They didn't squander it.
Got that lead, sat on it, played a great road game.
What's your take there, biz buddy?
What did you think just of the first period?
The first period was such a great effort by the Blues
that you needed Tuca to do what he did.
And going into this game, it just felt like, for me,
by the way, R.A., your mood right now,
opposed to after they lose, is fucking insane,
like how much happier you actually are right now.
You're bouncing around over there as I talk.
But I said going into this game,
it felt like if the Blues scored first,
I was like, dude, I don't know.
And I know it's one goal, right?
Like if you're playing in a game, you don't give a shit.
You don't want nothing.
We got plenty of time.
We're going to win this game.
Doesn't matter.
But the Blues play this style where it's just, first of all,
it's hard enough to get to the front of their net.
They're such a big team. They play so physical.
They're just a tough team to play against.
I felt like if they got the first one with that
crowd, oh my god, they were going to pack it in.
It was going to be really hard. Cassidy had mentioned
before the game, we've got to get the first one.
We're chasing every game right now. We're chasing
the last two games. It's hard to play like
that, especially when you're built.
Not built, but all year the Bruins
have gotten leads.
They've been able to play with leads.
They build momentum on that.
So it's been tough for them to get the first one was so big.
But without Tuca in that first period, does it happen?
I mean, he made some enormous saves.
The save on Shen, I know on the replay and the slow motion replay,
it didn't look as good.
It was on the ice.
Still, incredible split by him to get the right leg out there.
And St. Louis was all over them.
The Bruins couldn't get it out of the zone.
There was one moment in the first period.
I want to say it was maybe a two, maybe a two-and-a-half-minute shift.
The Bruins finally cleared it down.
It wasn't icing, though, so Binnington kind of came out to play it.
And the crowd's just going nuts just based on the momentum they're building
in this offensive zone play.
So if you're a Bruins fan, you're sitting there like, oh, my God,
this is not how we wanted this game to start. But you had to figure it would because they were throwing it
all out there. The Cubs in the building. The cities never won a championship. There's about
75,000 fucking people outside the arena watching the game. It was like the place was ready to
explode. And they came out with their hair on fire, just ready to go. And Tuca was the main
reason that they didn't take a lead, 1-0.
And who knows where this game ends up if that's the case.
I think we've got to give credit to the Bruins forwards and defensemen.
They did a much better job cleaning things up out front.
They didn't leave Rask out to dry.
They got some high danger chances, but not too many,
not like they had gotten the previous couple games.
So they really cleaned up things out in front of him.
And when he was the last resort, obviously he did make make the save the only one he gave up was that one they
actually had to go back and review because across the line they had to go check it out i'll also
to the bruins uh foes they finally stopped being so picky i mean look at a couple of goals the
coleman shot i mean i'm sorry the coleman goal he just fucking let it rip uh the carlo goal just
looked like a easy floater from the point ends up scoring so they were taking shots that they would have been previously passing up.
And like they say, good things happen when you put it on net.
Also, it's so funny how the game works, and it's like how bad I am at making calls.
You guys know we've had a long history of me just being incorrect.
Marshawn came in on that little kind of down low three-on-one
right before they got the five-on-three, and he passed it up.
I don't know if you guys remember that.
He's kind of coming down the left wing, and you're like, here it is.
And he passed it.
It was deflected, went down.
I was like, man, he's kind of just like not lost right now.
But what's he doing?
That's a shot or at least a better play than the one he made.
What happens?
They get the five-on-three, and on a beautiful pass from Pasternak,
he makes an incredible
shot. I mean, to one-time it
like that, I love how he has that one-timer
biz, and there's so few players
who can do this. He
one-times it with a wrist shot, you know what I mean?
He doesn't have the big wind-up rocket
Ovechkin one-timer. He does it with this
snapshot, and he got that thing shelved so
quick. No chance for Bennington. One-nothing.
Marchand's on the scoreboard. Pasternak with a great pass, and he got that thing shelved so quick. No chance for Bennington. One-nothing. Marchand's
on the scoreboard. Pasternak with a great pass, and they had the five-on-three where if you get
a five-on-three and you don't score, you don't deserve to win the game. That's a fact right
there. At any point in any hockey game, if you're up two men and don't score, at the end of the
game, you can say, we didn't deserve to win the game. And they got that goal. It was enormous
for them. The first period hadn't been going their way.
And to get that lead on a Marshawn goal who had just made a mistake
that so many Bruins fans have seen too often in the playoffs
of him trying to do too much and not making the easy play,
he comes back, gets the big goal, and they were off and running.
A lot of people were tweeting out right after that going back.
Remember when they had that scrimmage before the series had started well that's when he got hurt i think right so a
lot of people specifically after he turned up like you said um right before they got the five on three
they were like man this guy must be hurt and then he ends up getting that shot off on the five on
three i call it the sydney crosby knee drop where when you when you drop the knee it just helps you
leverage it where you don't need the big windup.
It's kind of like a scoop and shoot one-timer.
But definitely harder than like a slap shot one-timer, I think.
Yeah, you said it's right off.
Like there's no time to react for the goalie.
And I mean, I thought Binnington could have got over,
but the fact that he got it over so quick,
he just couldn't position his glove well enough.
Another stat that jumped out at me is when Brad Marchand scores.
Right now they're 24-1 in his career when he scored in the postseason,
which is fucking crazy.
Worrisome for the St. Louis Blues because all of a sudden some of their big guns
got some points.
They're feeling nice about themselves, right?
I thought I would give the slight edge in that first period to the Blues.
They had two very, very strong pushes.
They once they gave up that power play goal, there was a little letdown for a few minutes after that.
But overall, a pretty solid period.
One thing that jumped out me for the Bruins early on, even the fact that Rask was very good and sharp,
was the Bruins commitment as a team to block shots.
They were blocking a lot of shots early on. was very good and sharp was the Bruins' commitment as a team to block shots.
They were blocking a lot of shots early on, and I'm like,
okay, these guys are putting everything on the line.
So it was big that they got that early lead on the power play goal,
and we're going in up in the first period.
So that's our first period breakdown.
I have some other notes moving forward.
The first thing that jumped out at me in the second,
and I'll tee you guys up for this, was you're 200 feet from your net.
You're up in the hockey game.
Marci just can't help himself, goes around the net,
ends up kind of giving that little knee to Petrangelo,
and Blues go to the power play.
And you're thinking this is going to come back to bite Marci because that's two games in a row now he's taken a selfish penalty.
The most important thing you're saying there is 200 feet from your goal.
Taking an offensive zone penalty is like always considered a no-no,
let alone taking one on the other side of the goal line
as Petrangelo was moving the puck.
That was a dirty little play.
You got to admit that sticking the knee out just unnecessary. I thought Edzo did a great
job. I know Canadian viewers
don't have NBC,
but Ed Olchek went into saying
just skate through his body there.
And it's a great hit, and it's a great play.
All you got to do is skate through his chest.
Once you get to the side of his body and your
leg's out on his leg, that's right
when you get into the gray area, and it was a good call.
It was an unnecessary penalty, and you're sitting in the box at that point
like, oh, my God, we're fucking up right now.
Why did I do that?
I'm assuming he's thinking this.
And then another couple of huge shaves.
Crazy moments on that power play for the Blues
where they did have some chances.
And when I say power play for the Blues,
is it a fucking power play or a power kill?
Holy shit.
I mean, we're looking at
an
all-time
worst
power play percentage for a team in
the finals. Oh, really?
It's that bad now.
I think they're one for 18 right now.
Did they get any power plays in the third
period? Do you guys know?
I don't know.
They were 0 for 4 on the game.
I can't remember if they got 1 in the third.
So I don't think they did.
I think they had the 4 through the first and second period.
They're 1 for 18.
The worst teams are all  there's four teams that went 1 for 19,
and then the 83 Oilers went 1 for 20.
So, I mean, this is just  it's killing them.
And I kept saying, watching the game, like the Bruins are playing with fire
because at some point, you know,
you get four, five, six times,
the team's going to probably break through,
but they're able to get those kills
and almost be able to take advantage
of the Blues power plays
because they're building so much momentum
on getting the kill.
I think the craziest thing you said about that
was the fact that the 83 Oilers
were a horrible power play. And Gratz about that was the fact that the 83 Oilers were a
horrible power play and Gretzky was on the team at the time. So that's pretty insane. Yeah, but
they probably scored like 47 five on five. It didn't matter. What do you got, R.A.? Yeah, we talked
about special teams before and it was huge tonight. That five on three, it wasn't anything
controversial about it. I mean, puck over glass is puck over glass. It's an easy call to make.
There's no disputing it. And the boarding on Nordstrom that Shen got. I mean, puck over glass is puck over glass. It's an easy call to make. There's no dispute in it.
And the boarding on Nordstrom that Shen got, I mean,
that's an easy call to make, a very blatant penalty.
So they get five on three, and the Bruins take advantage.
Again, lack of discipline.
We talked about it with Joe Vitale a week or two ago.
It came back to kill them again.
And conversely, like, you know,
which you said, they're doing absolutely nothing on the power play.
The Bruins are killing every penalty.
So special teams, a big factor factor like we thought it wouldn't
and it really really reared its head tonight um going into the third period I was a little scared
for Boston though I had that eerie feeling about when they ended up losing to two quick goals late
in that third period to Chicago when Chicago ended up winning I believe that was their second cup. Shut up. Yeah, it was 2013.
It was 2013, right?
So one thing, though, towards the end of the second,
when Marchand took that penalty,
there was a lot of action with Binnington during the TV timeouts.
I'm glad you brought this up.
I had it written down, yeah.
I forget who he
What's he doing?
He kind of nudged Posta pasta and then krug ended up
sticking him and he was getting involved with krug where that was very uncharacteristic for him that
was a very close game i'm surprised he he bothered you know getting out of his groove with with that
nonsense because we haven't really seen that from him have we well no not i'm not not to call you
out it actually he's been doing it a little bit. He had the beefs in the Dallas series where he skated in the
That's true.
That's true.
I don't know if it was Jamie Benn.
It didn't even matter.
It was a Dallas player, and he skated to the bench.
What?
It was Jamie Benn.
Jamie Benn, and he bumped into him.
So he  I mean, he's been doing it, or when I say doing it,
it's happened this playoff, and he's been playing great.
But I don't know.
In a moment tonight, it's just kind of like,
what do you do?
Skate to the bench.
I mean, maybe he's trying to fire himself up and he knows.
Yeah, maybe he's Marshall-like.
Exactly.
So, I mean, who the fuck am I to tell him not to?
But it's a lot easier for me to judge and kind of critique after a loss
in terms of like, dude, you're trying to shut it out.
You're trying to raise that cup tonight in your home barn.
Just skate to the bench, get your water, and it's almost wasted energy.
I think when he's 100 in the zone, there's no way he does that stuff
because, like you said, he's probably trying to fire himself up.
He's causing the static with guys during whistles.
I mean, you've got to think he's got to be a little rattled here.
You know, he's down 1-0 there.
Everyone thinks they're going to clinch at home,
and, you know, maybe he's doing a Marchand type thing to get himself jacked up but you know early in the playoffs when he was fucking
lights out he wasn't pulling any of this shit he just had his head down go right to the bench so
you got to wonder if he's a little bit rattled and i mean even i think it was jones he said
you know you might have a little concern about him going back to boston in the game seven after
the way he played tonight i don't think there's any i don't think there's any concern concern for
him because of how he's bounced back.
But the other thing I did want to mention is we've talked a lot about
how bad the ice has been in Boston.
The ice looked horrible there tonight.
And the biggest example is when O'Reilly couldn't get the puck to settle down
on that incredible shorthanded chance.
I think that was
Well, he did top it.
Oh, did he?
Wait, when he beat Pasta?
Yeah, but the whole way up the ice though
it was rolling but when he actually went to make his play to the backhand he did top it
but nonetheless he's probably he's probably thinking it was still on edge thinking he's got
a he's got maybe it might hop and he's got to make a little room for it up top which i mean you know
you got to adjust as a player when the puck's rolling dude that play off the face off and then
to beat posh i think the roof might have fallen Dude, that play off the faceoff and then to beat Pasternak, I
think the roof might have fallen in on that
building if that goal had gone in. I mean, that was
so exciting to have a full
and almost length of the ice rush short
handed to get a lead. So
huge save there. No, you didn't even need to make
the save, just lost the puck.
And then the reason why
I jotted down the Bennington stuff was because I
thought the Carlo goal was a little weak and that's when I i was like oh shit like i mean if you're doing that
stuff and you're not letting in softies it's it's a different story maybe i don't even bring it up
because he because he we mentioned he did it in the dallas series and he was fucking in the zone
there uh it would be a shame not to mention and i got a little criticism online because we didn't
mention that beautiful slide over save last game by Krejci when he prevented that goal before the third period, which kind of kept it a game.
McAvoy stick save when Rask ended up helping as well with the behind the glove or behind the back glove save as well.
That was kind of I was like, holy shit, Rask is really on because I didn't see originally that McAvoy had made that play.
So back to back game, heads-up plays by the players
to keep the puck out of the net.
And then, I mean, the wheels kind of just fell off in the third period,
and there was that slight bit of hope with the O'Reilly goal,
but really nothing much.
Yeah, and a guy you got to mention, when we talked the last game,
at least personally, I brought up O'Reilly, Pareko, and Binnington.
Tonight, McAvoy, man, a couple shifts.
A couple shifts he got caught out there, long shifts,
where his self-admitted chubby face looked a little red.
He's kind of out there for a long time.
Other than that, dominant.
And taking those hard strides to get out of his own
and then snapping it tape to tape, just perfect passes,
lugging the mail.
A couple of times when he wheels the net, it was actually a cool view on the NBC feed.
He wheeled the net and there was a broken stick and a blade right there.
And instead of going around it, he just weaved right through the broken stick and just busted up ice, ended up creating a pretty decent chance when he kicked it out to the wing and
kept driving through the middle.
But he looked awesome. I mean, a horse for the for the entire game i think he played over nine minutes
in the first period too so get him out there get him going carrying that team and yeah i mean a lot
of guys had great efforts but uh he was certainly one of them that popped out to me uh going back
to the bad ice comment i would agree that for st lou Louis it did look a little rough more so than usual
um I do think it was better than in Boston which helps Boston out because I feel like they're the
type of team where they want to make more plays in tight I think going into game seven Boston
needs to adjust and when you're in scoring chance areas shoot the fucking puck there was a few
opportunities tonight where they passed up maybe trying it because the ice is better there
typically.
Pasa was one of them. I texted the group chat.
I said, he's got to let that go. And then it
ends up getting turned over and he feeds into their
transition. It's just like a big
swing. So going back to
Boston, we know the fucking ice is shit.
So they got to, I think they just
need to be a little bit more direct
with it. Am I right, R.A.? what i was following what do you mean directly what exactly well just like more direct
like when they're in those scoring areas just just fire it on that because you never know what
can happen as opposed to on the bad chippy ice in boston it's like everything's rolling all the time
so those opportunities you're just throwing away from high scoring chance areas absolutely yeah
i've been advocating they do that all fucking series they get too much dipsy do i don't know
if it's being in front of the home crowd they want to like look fancy or whatever but yeah i've been
saying that all series they finally did it tonight like i mentioned a couple couple far away shots
ended up getting a couple goals i think also biz we got to give props to our butch cassidy for
making a ballsy decision and taking back well back us had been scratched but keeping him out
of the lineup,
a big game in St. Louis, and inserting Carson Coleman.
I mean, this kid's a rookie.
You know, he hadn't played in, I think, a couple months or whatever.
Throws him in the lineup.
He scores a huge goal, absolutely huge goal.
Puts the game pretty much out of reach.
And, you know, he added some speed, added some legs to that line,
made a huge difference, I thought, tonight.
So I've got to give props to him.
And, by the way, Bruins 16-9 on blocks, Biz.
Yeah, and I thought that number was a little bit low.
Grinelli texted me that Kuhlman capped in Minnesota Duluth
to a national title last year.
Lives for these big games from everything I've heard.
Also played in games six and seven of the Toronto series.
So some good digging up there by Grinelli.
Geez, you weren't just sniffing counters and
partying and banging broads in Vegas, were you?
No, I guess not. But I mean,
you got to imagine like the Beast coaches
know that he lives for these big
games when they're only playing him in game six and game
sevens. Well, I mean,
I don't think they're just playing him in those
games because he lives for the big. Oh, I think
Grinnelli's right. They're holding them. They're just holding the ace.
Wait, wait, let's wait till game six. Get this holding them. They're just holding the ace. Wait, wait.
Let's wait until game six to get this guy in.
He's fast, though, and he buzzes around.
Numbers, numbers also I want to bring up.
Tuka Rask, this is pretty incredible to see.
When facing elimination in the playoffs, going into this year's playoffs,
he had 10 games.
He was 5-5, 2-6-4 goals against,
and an 8-99 save percentage.
Not great.
In this playoffs, after tonight, he's 3-0.
He's given up four total goals.
His save percentage is around 9-50.
So someone that's really changed the narrative on not being able to perform
when the pressure's at its highest, right?
He's been he's been
a beast in the biggest games in the games that they've had a chance to actually go home and end
this run so props to him and i hope you know what no matter what when fans get their opinions on
players uh no it really will never change unless you do win a title and if he goes out in game
seven doesn't play well the stupid moronic fans
who don't like him will always be able to say that.
But if you have a brain,
look at the situation if you're
a Blues fan and the Bruins
go on to lose game
seven. And the Blues fans
are talking for years about that series.
What are they going to say about Tuukka Rask in this series?
How incredible he was.
But there's moronic fans out there who will
say that Tuka Rask can't win a Stanley
Cup. So that part of it, because I
know him, I'm rooting for him, and I hope
he plays great. I hope he gets one.
And I hope it shuts everyone up.
One thing that
was mentioned by Cassidy when getting interviewed
by Pierre Maguire hopped out to me on the
bench, and they've gotten away with it
a little bit this series based on the fact that St. Louis has been able to put the puck in the net,
been unable to put the puck in the net, excuse me, on the power play.
And every time a coach is interviewed, like when they're complimented,
they usually try to find something they need to improve on.
And I've noticed it, and Cassidy even said it,
is sometimes the Bruins, when killing penalties,
they get the puck on their stick and time to clear it, and they don't.
So they've been giving St. Louis a lot of secondary chances
when keeping that puck in to score.
So going into Game 7, let's look to see if that becomes a factor.
And Cassidy also mentioned during that interview
it's been an issue all year.
So it hasn't bit them in the ass this series yet.
I've noticed that it happened a
couple times uh i believe on that marshall penalty and that's what he was referring to so let's see
if they can clean that up another thing that i noticed the blues do particularly well is they've
been creating a lot of chances from below the goal line like i mean sanford's had a couple of this
series uh you saw maroon with one that's. He made another one from below the goal line tonight,
as well as Maroon did, who's very good along the walls.
That's their game.
And I found as the game went on tonight,
Bruins did a good job of adjusting to that,
where they haven't really been able to do it all series long.
So there's a lot of things that are going to be interesting question marks
going into game seven.
I don't know if uh hockey net in
canada does this i think they do for the most part but i wish nbc showed the gms um in the boxes like
we got that unreal clip of milbury uh on the second on the on the second goal the other night
by perron uh throwing the water bottle and nearly. Nearly. What did I say?
You said Millberry.
Yeah, excuse me.
Oh, God.
You're going to get hung in Boston for that.
What's touched on that?
No difference.
So I just wish they showed the reactions of the GM whose team scored and the GM whose team gave up the goal.
I think that's pretty good when they do that.
I remember Hockenheim Canada always did.
I don't know if they do anymore.
So I don't know if NBC does this.
It's completely different where NBC tailors to the American audience
where in Canada it's kind of  Canada kind of reminds me of MLB baseball
where they kind of create the drama like, oh, this person's reaction.
Like, oh oh game seven maple
east boston let's show shanahan in the box like and they you know just i love that yeah i i do
too but i think nbc does a good job of tailoring tailoring to its american audience yeah whereas
they're thinking a lot of viewers might be like who the fuck are these guys they're showing
you nailed it whereas like one thing that that I just throw a water bottle.
Who is that?
And,
and you know,
I like to see the positives and everything.
One thing I will say about,
um,
the NBC broadcast,
that's kind of been like,
ah,
they've had some uncomfortable interviews in between periods where I want to
hear more hockey analysis rather than seeing these celebrities up there
saying how cool it would be if their city's team won.
Like,
I don't give a shit.
That Pam interview was like four minutes and went three and a half minutes too long.
You could see them looking at each other like, yo, who's got the next question?
Like, I got nothing here.
You know what I'm saying?
So it's just
He's just on there.
He's like, anyone crush each other from the office, Cass?
I almost shit when Milbury had a fucking Dwight Schrute question.
I was like, wow wow Milbury watches the office
right that just tells me shit's drying up
here let's fucking go let's get the hockey
analysis and focus on the fucking game
here so anyway that's my only critique
sorry to be a little bit negative
that's alright some analysis we hadn't got to yet
was the gambling aspect I was
struggling to make a pick on this one
I mean obviously I'm going to have a little something on the Bruins
but if I'm going to give a pick out I took the under it was under five make a pick on this one. I mean, obviously, I'm going to have a little something on the Bruins, but if I'm going to give a pick out, I took the under.
It was under five and a half.
Of course, Chara got the empty net goal to make it six to frost that.
But I did also give out over 26 and a half saves by Bennington.
I figured the Bruins would pepper him pretty good.
So that hit.
I did have some untweeted action as well.
There's a guy who I've been betting with since the second round.
I'm down a couple bucks with him, but i had the bruins with him and uh just to
let people know the guy in philadelphia i did hear from him he did send the first wave of his payment
i was starting to get a little nervous i didn't want to have a payment plan well he fucking i was
like listen buddy if you're gonna welch just fucking tell me and i'll i'll fucking i'll stop
wasting my time here and i'll light you up and. And then show him. But I got his attention.
He sent a payment to all of us.
So I said, I'm not going to fricking frost him.
And the other guy, I hit the Bruins tonight with the other guy.
I got a tab going.
So, yeah, it's going to be a  I don't know.
The line's not posted for Wednesday night.
But, I mean, the Bruins have been basically 150, 160 all series.
So I imagine they're going to be that big of a favorite at home Wednesday. What do you got?
I want to make a point. I'm glad I didn't
forget this because we gave a lot
of shit to some people and to some
players with the diving aspect.
So you got to call out our boy with the
incredible legs in Torrey
Krug tonight. Kind of big
time embellishment there. You got to talk about
when he got involved with Perron and then somebody
else came over. He got involved with Perron and then somebody else came over?
He got involved with Perron.
It was an icing and kind of pushed into Perron.
And then who came up to him?
I think it might have been.
I think it was Sanford.
I think it was.
Either way, he just threw the head back.
He got shot and fucking died down.
It was like, okay, there's another embellishment.
You saw that action tonight.
You got to shout out the embellishment aspects.
But Krug is approaching most points in a final series by a defenseman.
I think Duncan, I don't want to say, this is in all time.
Recently, I don't know, since 1995 in the finals,
Duncan Keith had seven points in 2010 with a goal and six assists.
Torrey Krug's at six with a goal and five assists.
That was through the first period tonight,
so I don't know if he had any more points in the second or third,
but hell of a series for him, even with the embellishment in the corner there.
Oh, I took a little bit of heat online.
I don't think people really listen to my words sometimes.
They just want to be upset.
I said on the Achari one last game where I
Oh, I had to bring this up, Biz.
Yo, I felt on his right leg towards the end,
he kind of gave it an extra little kick.
I mean, watch the video over.
Would his leg normally just like his right leg,
not the one that was tripped, the other one,
he just flung it around where if they would have evened it up,
it should have been blown dead right there.
Regardless, if he were just calling a penalty for the trip on bozak i don't think in real time you would have given
him an embellishment but since we're fucking here and breaking down the video i'm gonna say there
was a tiny bit embellishment on his right leg now if you disagree with me that's fine but by
watching that do you not agree that he embellished it a little bit with i couldn't disagree with you more
sure i i think that uh it's funny like sometimes when we're recording like just naturally you know
we're checking things out so you sometimes miss what each other say and i miss i saw your reaction
when i said it last episode i just don't think you wanted to visit it but i was kind of banged up
well because when I said it,
I thought R.A. was going to blow up
on me. The funniest thing was,
I didn't remember
either way, and I got like three or four
texts this week. I verbally
yelled out loud while on a run
listening to Chicklets when Biz said he thought
that was me. But those same fucking people
are probably Bruins fans.
These are diehard Bruins fans.
So I wanted to make that clear.
But I just think when your legs get taken out from behind you like that,
you're so shocked and you're at such surprise that you're just all of a sudden
like airborne and parallel to the ice that I didn't see what you're saying.
I'm 100 one of those guys, though, that I can say agree to disagree, though.
Yeah, and that's fine.
I could see that.
I just felt that once the contact had been made, he exerted more energy
making sure that leg went flying farther.
Watch the fucking video.
I mean, listen, if you're a hard cards B fan, you're going to tell me
to go fuck myself, I know.
And if you're a St. Louis fan, you're going to agree with me.
But for you non-fans, go watch it again.
And since we're here and breaking it down because it became such an issue,
I would have been okay after seeing the video,
seeing it as going four on four and the play being blown dead.
But it should have been a trip, and if it wouldn't have been called embellishment,
I would have been okay with it.
But there was a tiny bit at the end, and I'm sticking to what I said.
I went back to it, Biz, when I saw the picture in Saturday's Boston Globe,
because the picture, his basically one leg was still vertical and the other,
and the rest of his body was still horizontal with the ice.
So to follow what Witt said, I don't think he was actually embellishing.
I think he was making sure that his knee doesn't get caught underneath him and
shredding his knee.
It's almost an instinctive kick that, yeah,
maybe it looked dramatic like a bicycle kick,
but he's just ensuring that his knee doesn't get caught there.
Because here's the thing.
I've been watching Achari play since he started his career at the Bruins.
I don't think I've ever seen him embellish anything once.
So I don't think in even that spot you would even have the awareness
to try to embellish.
So that's my take.
And as I mentioned on that,
it's one of those things where I don't care to argue about it,
where I agree if you're like, no.
And R.A., that explanation right there, that's enough to take me off my point.
And maybe he did, maybe he didn't.
And I think we'll never know.
He'll only know.
If I ever see him, though, I'm going to ask him.
I say, did you try to sell it just a tiny little bit, buddy?
Tell us.
Tell us.
So, R.A., you brought up a newspaper.
Oh, boy.
The newspaper in St. Louis.
Fuck off.
Who the hell
at the St. Louis dispatch?
Is that what the paper was? Yeah, the post
just showed me for knowing
that the St. Louis dispatch.
What are you doing?
What are you doing? Talk about just the ultimate
mush level move by the local town paper. You're the fucking paper that's at people's doorsteps
when they wake up in their morning. They wake up, they grab a coffee, they grab your paper.
You know what? You know what diehard blues fans are going to do if they go on to lose?
They're going to cancel their subscriptions to the dispatch. You're fucking done.
You made a mistake to a Blues fan that will never be forgiven if they go on to
lose game seven.
I'm telling you.
When I saw it, I texted it right to RA because I was teeing him up.
And at that moment, if I could have changed my prediction on that game,
I would have done it.
I know.
I know.
It was crazy.
Because I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
I'm like the biggest hockey
juju guy ever like you don't worry about the business in front of you kind of like that
we're going back to quay leonard hey we got two wins left we need one more win we until you got
it shut up about it what's the point in even talking writing articles about how much this
cup will change the city and it's just like guys yep you're dealing with a team that's dealt with as much adversity and overcame it as you
you're you're looking at a mirror image of yourself you got one left to go this team can
go on a two-game win streak and the worst part about it is like at least when you have like the
shirts you can send them to zimbabwe and stuff and the kids wear the wrong shirts.
I'm not laughing for the wrong reason, but it was funny.
But you can't do shit with these papers.
What are you going to do with papers?
It's like you're going to bring them to the bathroom.
Same as you were doing before, but just going down the toilet now.
Birdcage Linus.
Oh, I just couldn't believe Oh, I couldn't believe that.
I couldn't believe that. What a fuck up.
You know, it was one guy, too. It was probably one
dude who just pressed the wrong button at the
wrong time. He's gassed now. No job.
You know, I don't know if the
hockey gods are paying attention. You know, the paper's
website, every newspaper has to prepare
that stuff. If you're going to have ads sold to
sponsors thanking the city, in this case, it was
actually the team thanking the fans,
you have to have that stuff prepared and ready to go should the team win.
But to put it on the internet and call it a sneak peek,
that's like a crock of shit.
And by the way, they smelled fucking sneak peek wrong.
They're the newspaper.
They're tweeting it out and they spelled peek wrong,
which is fucking hilarious in itself.
But they said, oh, we apologize for the sneak peek
and hope to share their messages with everyone very soon.
And it's like, why would it even be on there?
It's just a poor excuse to even have that on the internet.
And yeah, man, if the hockey gods are watching, boy,
then they caught this.
You got to be shitting your pants if you're a Blues fan.
I'm happy you guys brought that up
because that's a great way to end this little segment.
Before we send it to the interview,
we will have a Game 7 preview afterward
and a few other little things to talk about. So why don't we send it over to Kiprios and we hope you guys enjoy a very funny
interview and we hope we get them on next time with more beers and time. This interview was
brought to you by Peloton. Spring is finally here. And if you're looking to get back into a great
workout groove, we have to tell you about the latest from Peloton, the Tread. It offers an
expansive range of bootcamp, running, strength, walking,
and stretching classes that reimagine the at-home total body workout experience.
Runner's World described the Tread as a gorgeous hip New York City gym
in the comfort of your own home and a go-to training tool.
Bring the best total body instruction to you at home on your time.
Peloton knows you're busy.
Classes range from 10 to 60 minutes long, so you can fit in a workout on your time. Peloton knows you're busy. Classes range from 10 to 60 minutes long,
so you can fit in a workout on your watch. Work up a sweat with world-class instructors who are
running, walking, stretching, and training by your side. The motivation is real-time and crazy
effective, and you'll never repeat the same workout unless you want to. You'll explore running,
boot camp, strength and stretching classes on and off the tread. You can also challenge yourself
against yourself or chase other members on the live leaderboard.
And the shock-absorbing slat belts are game-changing for comfort and safety.
You'll feel an extra spring in your stride and your knees and joints will thank you.
And the 32-inch HD touchscreen and powerful built-in soundbar
make the tread the most immersive and captivating workout experience.
So don't miss a beat in a workout that feels larger than life.
It's got revolutionary speed and incline knobs.
That means you can adjust your workout with just a flick of the wrist without
losing your stride.
See your progress all in one comprehensive place.
You'll be able to push yourself to new personal best by tracking total output,
distance, and heart rate.
You can also earn badges and save tracks you love from your workout.
So discover the immersive and challenging total body training you can get
from Peloton Tread.
Peloton Tread is currently only available in the U.S.,
and we're offering our U.S. listeners a limited-time offer.
Go to onepeloton.com.
Use the code CHICKLETS to get 100 off accessories with the purchase of a tread.
Use the code CHICKLETS to get 100 off accessories with the purchase of a trend.
Our next guest, he played 442 NHL games over eight years with four different teams.
He also won a Stanley Cup in 1994.
The Rangers, ever heard of it?
Not a big deal.
Currently works on Sportsnet up in Canada and on the fabled Hockey Night in Canada broadcast.
Welcome to the podcast, Nick Kiprios.
What's going on, boys?
What an absolute pleasure, Kip.
Over 20 years in broadcasting, but this is now going to another level.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Dude, I was telling these guys, like, if you would have asked me before,
I would have said, oh, he played for the Hartford Whalers for 10 years because every time we had the Bruins Whalers on,
it seemed like you were there.
And then I look, I'm like, you only played like a season and a half there.
I think you just made such an impression in your time with the Whale Tail on.
Yeah, Bruins fans couldn't stand it.
I joke with Brian Burke.
Brian Burke left Vancouver, and that was his first GM job,
and that was his first trade ever.
Really?
And I said, like, if you made a better trade,
maybe you'd still be a GM right now.
I said, if you made a better trade, maybe you'd still be a GM right now.
And the one thing that he did, right, and a lot of people in Hartford still to this day, it's kind of split, was the Bonanza song, right?
Yeah.
After the celebration after a goal, but he wanted nothing to do with that.
He gassed it.
He gassed it.
And what he did is he wanted tough hockey right away.
So he brings us all in, and we have our first team meeting,
and he goes, I'm going to have this heavy hitter award.
Okay?
After every game, I'm going to count the hits,
and whoever has the most, at the end of the year,
I'm giving them a brand-new truck.
Really?
And my eyes opened up like manhole covers.
And after every game, you go to the game sheet and i every guy you know i had
pat verbique and jeff sanderson who was a young player they'd all go see how much ice time they
played i'm like how many hits did i have i want that durango you're juicing the stack
so anyways make a long story short maybe probably the reason why you think i played there longer
So anyways, to make a long story short,
maybe probably the reason why you think I played there longer,
I won the truck.
Oh, you didn't get it.
Oh, yeah.
Fucking right you did.
No one's taken the truck off me.
And then I had the keys in my hands for about 30 seconds and then handed them off to my dad.
Oh, what a legend.
That's unreal.
That's a great tip.
For the low, low price of.
Hey, Dad, I bought you this.
So for people who, I think most people know you as your player
tough player to play against physical but what people don't know listening this is the 19th
leading goal scorer in ohl history right here where you did your research he's in front of
toffoli and he's a little behind mike felino but dude 60 goals one year 50 another right
i could put the puck in the net. But not drafted.
No, it was kind of strange back then because there was a little wiggle room where as an 18-year-old, believe it or not, if you weren't drafted,
there was kind of like this label that you're just too old.
You're done.
Oh, yeah.
Well, now you can miss it, and then next year you're going to be a star.
They can discover you at 24 now.
They don't care.
They'll groom you, and if they can squeeze two, three years out of you,
they're willing to do it if you come in and be a rookie at 25 or 26.
They don't care.
Back then, you were 19 or 20, and you didn't get drafted.
Too old.
What's wrong with you?
If those teams didn't think that you were draftable at 18, I ain't taking you.
Yeah, no shit.
And that's the way it was.
So I had my first year.
See, the issue for me was I only scored, I think, 12 or 13 goals my rookie year,
and then I jumped to 41, then I jumped to 62.
Then I spent 15 games in the AHL went back as an overage
I ended up scoring 49 goals in like 44 games
what's this league?
as an overage I probably could have hit 70
if you played the whole year
if I played the whole year
but to make a long story short
really short
I didn't get drafted
and then a week later I get a call from Bobby Clark
from the Flyer saying hey
we're glad no one picked you up we want to invite you as a free agent to come to training camp and
i went there and they offered me a contract so that's the thing that's wild is so you sign with
philly and then what's the whole story because you end up washington picked you up off waivers
i didn't understand how that worked apparently philly was pissed yeah they were pissed i'll blame them yeah um just
like why did they even listen we we watched today's game now where we got like nhl scouts
in friggin rinks when the kids are like out of the maternity ward it's crazy today on the mid-nice
that wasn't the case i didn't even have have an agent. Bobby Clark calls my house.
Really?
My sister picks up the phone, says it's Bob Clark of Philadelphia.
And then my sister turns around and goes, it's Bob Clark.
I'm like, okay, quit screwing around.
Okay, that's not funny.
I just went through the whole paper yesterday.
I didn't get drafted.
I'm a little pissed off right now.
I'm seeing guys drafted in front of me, and I'm like, he's shit.
He's no good.
Why is he in front of me? That guy like he's shit he's no good why is he in
front of me that guy stinks i'm having a really bad weekend and she's like no it's bobby clark
i'm like i pick it up i'm like i don't know who you are but you better not be messing with me and
he goes no no it's bob clark and i'm like holy shit it's like i like the fire though but it's
starting to be disrespectful now i'm like uh you know know, and I got the Greek immigrant dad, you know.
We're all sitting at the kitchen table eating watermelon on a late June, a hot day.
And I'm like, hey, dad, I think it's Bobby Clark.
He wants to invite me to the training camp.
Should I go?
And then he starts, and no word of a lie, it's like a scene out of my big fat greek
wedding he's like philadelphia you know what philos is brotherly love in greek and i'm like not right
now dad i got bob clark right now i don't need the greek history lesson right now should should i go
what am i gonna tell him yeah go go go see what happens so So I did. So I went there.
I had a good training camp.
Again, no agent, just me.
Still?
Still, no agent.
I go through like 10 days of training camp, and now I know there's cuts coming.
Trainer comes up to me and says, Bob Clark wants to see you in his office.
And I'm like, okay, cool.
I'm going to get some back to Junior.
Thanks for, you know, I really love the meal money.
That was a really cool part.
I got a few rides with Tim Kerr and, you know, the late Peli Lindbergh.
You know, God bless him.
He was around.
I'm watching Rick Talkett become a star.
You know, all these guys.
And I'm like, this was a really cool experience.
So he calls me in and he sits me down.
He says, you know, Nick, we had 78 guys in training camp,
and it was a zoo, man.
It was like Grand Central Station going to the rink every day.
And he says, but I invited 25 free agents, and I got one contract.
And guess who I want to give it to?
No way.
I have no idea, bud.
He goes, you.
I don't know, but if I get one of those pretty impacts.
I said, are you kidding me?
And I'm like, oh, my God, that's awesome.
So then he says, well, you know, maybe we should call your agent.
I go, I don't have one.
You're my favorite type of player.
I'm looking at him.
There's a big pregnant pause.
I'm like, what do we do now?
He goes, well, he says, do you know any agents?
I go, nope.
I said, do you?
I'm asking the general manager of the Philadelphia Flyers.
Yeah, I got the perfect one.
Hall of Famer, if he knows any agents
And he kind of smirks and he goes yeah I know a few
He goes okay good
So you know
I kind of see the sparkle of the eye going oh my god
I can get this guy to pay me to sign this contract
Let alone the other way around
So anyways he goes behind he pulls out the Rolodex
He starts flipping it around
And then he
Finds Bernada Sports.
And, you know, he calls him up.
And at the end of the line is Bill Waters.
And I ended up working with Bill Waters a lot of years at SportsNet
and still joke around about this story.
No shit.
Yeah, he's like, I got this Toronto boy.
I like him a lot.
I want to sign him to a contract.
And, you know, I mean, they could have just raked me right over.
Oh, for sure.
But anyways, they ended up giving me, I think, 10,000, 15,000 on a signing bonus.
And I signed a three-year contract.
And it was awesome.
I went back to junior.
I had a great year.
I ended up coming out of my junior career.
I finished my junior career without my overage year,
and I had it going on pretty good.
Then I went to Hershey to make this story,
just to kind of put a bow to this story.
They started me, and they thought I was going to spend
the whole year in the American Hockey League.
I ended up playing 10 games.
Not nine, 10.
And 10 saws off the first pro year.
So they thought that
that year didn't count.
Oh, for waivers.
For waivers. So Bob Clark
did not
protect me the year I was supposed to
make the flyers and
Poyle picked me up.
And the story goes, because
we're not privileged to be on the waiver wire, is that David Poyle picked me up. And the story goes, because we're not privileged to be on the waiver wire,
is that David Poyle says, I put a claim in for Nick Kiprios.
And Bob Clark goes, you can't claim him.
He's only got two years pro.
Oh, my God.
And then David Poyle says, no, he's got three.
He goes, no.
He went back to junior hockey.
That year doesn't count.
And he says, Bob, if you would have sent him back after nine games,
he played 10.
Oh, God.
And Bob Clark said, shit.
That's so not like the flies to mismanage an asset either.
Oh, shit.
R.A. coming with the ball.
R.A. has got every fan base that hates his guts, and this is why.
He just got a pool full.
Anyways, pretty good story.
That's unbelievable.
That's a fantastic story.
Well, it's indicative of what goes on.
I mean, that's a major detail that shouldn't be an oversight,
and they lost the player over it.
Last 20 years, Chicago Blackhawks with the fax machine.
With the offer sheet, yeah.
There's a few stories out there of just not being able to.
Brain farts.
I don't know the Chicago one.
Well, it was when Dale Tallon kind of took the bullet when he was in Chicago,
and they had a bunch of RFAs that needed their offers so that they wouldn't-
Who'd they lose?
Well-
They ended up losing people.
It was more about the money they had to pay them.
That's right.
That's right.
Now, essentially, you went from restricted to unrestricted free agency.
And I think it just came about whether or not guys were free to leave.
Yeah, exactly.
Because there was a clock.
There's a clock on putting in arbitration to hit arbitration.
That's what it was.
That's what it was.
There's a time limit.
Putting in arbitration to hit arbitration. That's what it was.
That's what it was.
There's a time limit.
And if you're 12-0-1 and you have not submitted a qualifying offer,
then you're free to leave.
And he got caught with a few guys.
Yep.
Yep.
Damn.
Well, so the other thing.
Oh, go ahead.
Sorry, buddy.
Oh, no.
I mean, I wanted to dive into the Hartford.
You kind of dug up the question.
I'll let R.A. ask it.
Well, actually, I wanted his first
pit stop before that. You broke in with
the Capitals, man. You had some legends on that team.
Dino Cicerelli, Dale Hunter, Scott
Stevens, Rod Langway. How did they help
sort of set the template for
your professional career? What did you learn off those
guys through such an early stage of your career?
Well, I think, you know, I mean, a lot of
those guys in my teenage years,
you watch them. And the one thing that I sensed right off the know, I mean, a lot of those guys in my teenage years, you watch them.
And the one thing that I sense right off the bat, and I had a little bit of experience, you know, knowing a little bit Scott Stevens because I was drafted by the Kitchener Rangers.
He had just kind of left there.
So I had heard all the stories.
But the moment you walk in that dressing room and you watch this guy before and after every practice
and he's like shredded, like a thousand push-ups,
a thousand sit-ups after every practice, the intensity.
I've never seen, to this day, I don't think there's a guy in the league
that would ever hit his level of intensity like he
is like uh his face rip your heart out of your chest before you even knew his hand was in there
it i mean that's this guy loved the game loved to compete uh it would be so much fun to see him
today's game i mean he wouldn't he couldn't string 10 games in a row without getting suspended
and joven oski told me a cicerelli story because i believe they played together when joven oski Today's game. I mean, he couldn't string 10 games in a row without getting suspended.
And Joe Vanosky told me a Cicerelli story because I believe they played together when Joe Vanosky was a rookie in Florida.
And he would have been, you know, if Cicerelli had been on the end of his career, that they were rooming together for whatever reason.
Because there was no own rooms then.
Oh, not even for the veterans? No.
Oh, geez.
Okay, so they would get room service and they would get a knock at the door.
You can imagine the first time this ever happened, Cicerelli's like, Joe, we'll go answer the door.
And when finally he opened the door, and then the guy came in with the food and placed it in the middle of the room,
Cicerelli put the covers over, kind of like he was pounding abroad, and he was like, oh, yeah, fuck, yeah.
And he was essentially fucking the air, but but but the guy dropping off the
food was like holy shit what did i walk in it was the fucking some sort of gangbang and joven
husky would be so embarrassed oh my god dino had that sense of humor well there you know i guess
we come off the plane you know we go take a leak uh you know, we're standing in the, you know, we're beside each other in the urinals.
And, you know, the whole, like all the guys off the plane are in there to take a leak.
And it's packed in there.
And he just looks at me and he says, no, thank you.
I'll shake it myself.
And I'm like, got like a thousand guys staring at me right now come on no so he'd be the guy he had that
sense of humor he'd be the guy rapping uh like uh sex toys and in foil uh tinfoil oh for the
for the security because i used to go through the i used to have to take regular fights right yeah he didn't didn't had uh he wasn't sure to laugh that guy so i love re bringing you up
mentioned stanley cup champion and that team i mean messier leach and mike keenan so i mean i
can't imagine the stories of that year and i've been told by many people when you and edzo get
together it's just comedy sessions. It is. It is.
And I don't know to this day how we kind of got through that whole year.
But it always ties back to Marc Messier as the glue guy,
as the guy that kind of kept it together, kept Keenan in check.
Like, think about it.
You know, one of the most intense guys.
Got everything he ever wanted, ever asked.
But Mark found a way to kind of humble him at times,
keep him together.
Not many guys could have done that. Brian Leach would have broken October, November.
But Messier kept it.
Kept coming at him.
Well, just, you know you gotta
you gotta make it work
with Brian Leach
this guy's gonna win us a cup
right
and
times Keenan
tried on a few occasions
to break him
you know
the old
I'll trade you for
Chris Chelios right now
in a heartbeat
kind of
you know
wow
oh yeah
all of that
all of that
coming to Brian
and Brian hung in there.
Had Mark Messier beside him saying, hey, just stay focused.
Do your thing.
We'll get through this.
And it did.
And it kind of almost crumbled in the conference final against New Jersey.
Benched them a little bit.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
It was really kind of the fork in the road for that championship.
And Mark went in, did a one-on-one with Keenan,
said, you're going to blow this for us if you don't smarten up.
Yeah.
And then Keenan came back, and we had a team meeting,
and Keenan kind of apologized to us a little bit, said,
listen, I wasn't very good the other night.
I'll be better.
And that's when it got right back on the tracks.
Wow.
Was he just pushing buttons but pushing the wrong buttons at the wrong time?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Picking the wrong guys to go at.
And Mark knew where the buttons needed to be pushed and how he just got it back on the rails.
how he just got it back on the rails.
And Mark's always, like the one thing about Mark,
which is unbelievable, one of our best superstars in the history game,
you know, the method to his madness,
it's never, ever just about him.
It's not about his numbers.
It's about the team winning.
I'll look even better when we win together.
I can't, nobody can look great and not win when we win together. I can't.
Nobody can look great and not win.
It's impossible.
Right, right.
Right?
Because in the end.
We've had a few superstars in the league that you could sit there and say,
hey, great career, Hall of Famer career.
What did you win?
Nothing.
Okay, that knocks you down a few.
Yeah.
Right?
Hey, Ovechkin was that close.
Right.
He was really close to being that guy that, wow, one of the greatest players maybe in the history of our game,
good goal scorer, but can't win without him.
He changed.
He changed the last few years.
He got it.
It changes what will be written about him forever.
And another thing I heard was you played in Game 7 that year
when you beat Vancouver.
And didn't Messier tell everyone something about write-down,
why you should be in Game 7?
Well, I played in the first round, and then I didn't play in the second or the third round. you want something about write down why you want to why you should be in games well i what i played
in the first round and then i didn't play in the second or the third round and then i i didn't play
in like game one two three four five or six and then they're like you're playing game seven
madison square garden geez maybe one of the biggest games in history you know in 90 up until 94 yeah right big stage uh highest rated hockey game in
history at that point for for the nhl and i'm like oh my god i'm going in but yeah that that story
was that we were up 3-1 they already had the parade route uh for game five uh that didn't
happen and now we're we've blown two games and we're like on our heels.
And the flight home, we had everybody write down
what we were going to do to be the different maker in game seven.
You must have written something good.
Oh, I was like, I was going to be like the St. Louis Blues today.
I'm just going to run everybody in sight and just, you know,
I'm going to be that guy that's just going gonna go out there and push them all back yeah i wish i wish i kept that
letter i don't know seriously oh my punctuation was fantastic you're like hey i have a truck
no spelling errors i was just really on top of my game murder she wrote
oh man we talked about hot fit a little bit a
minute ago um you actually played for the one season pierre mcguire was head coach of the
hot really you you played underneath him what was that experience like oh yeah that was awesome
couldn't wait like we couldn't wait to ask you uh uh my my favorite pierre mcguire story it was My favorite Pierre Maguire story was and is that we played the Montreal Canadiens one night in Hartford.
And it's 40 minutes and we're down 4-0 and we haven't touched the puck.
And Paul Holmgren comes in and just gives it to us.
And Pierre's going to play good cop, bad cop, right?
So Homer leaves the room, and he's coming in.
He goes, guys, guys, guys, I got a plan.
I got a plan.
He goes, we're going to come out there in the third period,
and we're going to score a goal every five minutes.
And then we're going to win it in overtime.
All right? We good? Yeah, we're good good so we go out there in three minutes in i don't know someone scores a goal lucky goal off
his ass and pierre's so excited now he starts running up and down the bench going way to go
boys we're way ahead of schedule and i'm like we're ahead of schedule i go i go i go you want me to rag the
puck get us back on schedule a little bit i kill the clock you want me to kill the clock a little
bit get us back on schedule so anyways we had a good uh we had a good shuttle over that one
but uh you know what i really enjoyed hartford that one year. And, you know, the biggest problem that Hartford had was that prior to me getting there,
they had legends in that community like Ron Francis, Padford Beak, Mike Liute, Dave Tippett was there,
Joel Quenville was there, and they had such a tight group in the community
that once those guys got moved out and traded,
it was the town turned on the team.
And they didn't like the owner, Richard Gordon, at the time,
because he was kind of behind all those.
Ronnie Francis was like God there.
And once he got moved to Pittsburgh,
and I felt so bad for John Cullen and Zarly Zalapsky.
God bless Zarly.
We lost him a few years ago.
Right, right.
But they could never win.
They could never come in and substitute those legends at the time.
And it derailed.
It went from 15,000, 16,000 every game down to 7,000, you know, 7,500 some nights.
And it was tough.
We couldn't catch up.
Were you surprised they eventually left town?
Did you know when you were there, with the time you were there,
that shit, this isn't going to last?
No, I thought it had a chance still.
Yeah.
But, you know, with the crowds being down
and not willing to kind of hang in there,
I think it was an easy move to Carolina.
But, you know, when the Boston Bruins would come in,
I mean, those were great rivalries.
Those were awesome rivalries.
Awesome.
And Montreal and them, too.
It was that whole division.
Yeah, it was a division rivalry.
Yeah, and there's still people in Connecticut that think it could still work putting him back there.
I mean, under certain circumstances, I don't know.
I don't know, guys in Connecticut.
Sorry.
I don't think that would happen again.
All right.
There you go.
I got another thing.
So now we actually haven't even got into how you got into media and how you've become such a big face in hockey media and HockeyNet in Canada.
But you got a chance to play for your hometown team, the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And I'm wondering, you witnessed firsthand
how hard it is to be a kid from Toronto
and play for that team.
So in terms of them winning a cup
and them making the next few steps,
how difficult will it be?
Yeah, that's a good question, Whit,
because it takes a special person, I think,
to play there and have that thick skin and not get caught up in too much of it.
And every day.
And the one thing, too, is fair or unfair, the team could be really bad and still they're going to treat them like rock stars there they're gonna no matter what they do first place last place they're still
treated like gods there and the attention that they constantly get um it's even a jealousy factor
around the league it's like holy jeez i'm scoring 40 50 goals you know down here and nobody knows
a thing and you guys you know continue to get all the attention so you know there's so many different ways that you can kind of look at it
that makes it challenging for the players.
And sometimes players will take advantage of that
and sit there and go, you know, it doesn't matter what I do.
I'm still a star.
And that's not the proper way to go about it.
No, exactly.
You know, you want it on your merit of winning and earning your attention.
But that, unfortunately, is an issue there that no matter what they do,
they're always treated like gold.
And I don't know if that helps or hurts or whatnot,
but there's a reasoning behind the fact that in 50 years,
they haven't got the job done.
I think the
last like true maple leaf who was able to embrace the city and balance it but yet kind of maintain
i wouldn't say like a bad boy image but but uh like i said two guys uh dougie gilmore wendell
clark yeah wendell was a little more chill where dougie was probably so difficult doug gilmore was
kind of doing like doing the commercials and stuff. But he was killer. He embraced it.
He was like an MVP type of guy.
It was Gretzky.
It was Lemieux.
It was Gilmore.
He was in that conversation, right?
But he embraced that.
Whereas, I mean, they got a few guys now.
But I'm trying to hide from it.
They can't even win a round.
The one thing that we got to understand is that they're really young still.
And I think Babcock's tried to tell them, listen, this is a great town,
but you got to win in it.
That's the only way it's truly going to feel good is when you win.
And they've come in.
Matthews historically has done some things that no one else has done in history.
So you got to give them a few years to
see where this thing plays out but it for me personally it was a fantastic experience being
in my hometown and seeing a bit of the fish yeah you know you don't want to get caught up too much
on on you know we always had the toronto sun the toronto star in the dressing room guys would read
it some guys would be really bothered by it others wouldn't but now it's social but now with social media now you get everything on your phone so you don't even have
to see the the papers lying on the dressing room floor it's everybody's staring at their phone
you know i'm not sure again that's a good thing or bad thing uh when you're trying to make belief
it's gone a little out of hand though yeah everything's a story now there and these guys
got no separation no separation and again it i think it takes a certain person to kind of separate that
and not read what you think.
And if you do read it, don't let it affect you.
It's just some guy in his basement.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like me.
Skipper loved it.
Skipper loved it.
So what about when it ended to where you're at now how did it all begin in
hockey media what was was there a break you got a certain person to really help i'm the most
ignorant person out there i i i got a similar story uh going in to meet uh sports net like i
went into the philadelphia flyer training camp, you know.
It came off a recommendation from the NHL office,
a gentleman by the name of Glenn Adamo,
who is really a great guy in the NHL office.
Because with the Rangers, I'd be the first one to put my hand up.
Hey, we just won the cup.
They're like, yeah, we need somebody to go out to MTV's beach house in the Hamptons.
I'm like, yeah, yeah, that's me.
I'll go.
I'll go. Yeah, get my jersey ready.
Doing the dirty work again.
I'm single.
Everybody else is back home with their families.
I'm like, I'm going.
Brian Noonan, we're going.
We spent three days there.
So I did all that stuff.
And then when it came to, you you know at the end of my career
and a brand new station
sports station coming out
we only had TSN in Canada
we're gonna have this rival station
they're looking for people
you want to go in for an audition
I'm like sure I'll give it a try
went in there with my flip-flops
my blue jeans and a white t-shirt
at the time it's Scott Moore
who was my president for a lot of years
looking at me going have you ever been on a job interview before and i'm like nope he goes you're
sure and i need an agent and i need an agent uh and he's like yeah i can tell that and i i auditioned
and at the time there was a few people out there, Hall of Famers, Mike Gardner, Pat Flatley.
They were all auditioning, and I'm like, I got no shot at this.
Have you seen my career stats?
I got no shot at this.
These guys are like Hall of Famers, Captain of the Islanders,
and Team Canada, Pat Flatley.
I got no shot at this, and I went there, and I just winged it.
And then they called me back about a week later.
Well, you're probably the cheapest option.
Maybe.
Career stats don't matter.
No. So I'm like,
holy shit, if I thought I had a chance
at this job, I would have been a hell of a lot
more nervous. I would have blown it.
I would have blown it.
You're a humble guy, but when you went in there,
did you feel like you could do that job?
Were you very confident?
Did you think that your interview or whatever,
the trial was on point?
I wasn't that confident that I would get the job.
I was just confident enough to sit there and say,
at that point, I've done enough of this.
I'm like 32, 33.
I'm not a scholar.
I'm not going to pretend to be one.
I'm just going to go in there and just let it rip.
And if they like me, they like me.
If they don't, they don't.
How did you get into the source game?
Was that just something you just kind of came naturally?
No.
People just call him, probably.
He's Illuminati.
Listen, I don't want to be an insider. Never want to be an insider. I don't think of you as him, probably. He's Illuminati. Listen, I don't want to be an insider.
Never want to be an insider.
I don't think of you as one, really.
I have no desire.
Listen, we all get information.
We all got buddies.
We got buddies.
One's a scout.
Even R.A.'s got a guy.
Everybody's got a guy, right?
Everybody's got a guy.
But the problem at Sportsnet early is that we we lacked respect
we're we're the station that wasn't supposed to last five years tsn had it all right they were
they were the hockey night was hockey night in canada but as far as cable sports there was only
tsn and everybody else they were laughing at us they like they won't last five minutes so you know the the king of uh the information was bob
mckenzie still is today he's our godfather of inside information he was the the news breaker
and they're like and then here's this brand new station and they're coming up to me going hey have
you heard anything like this and i'm like oh what bob said yeah i heard that last week and they're
like what what why didn't you tell us i'm like i don't know yeah i heard that last week and they're like what what why
didn't you tell us i'm like i don't know why i didn't tell you why should i tell you i'm not i
don't know it's not my business i was waiting for bob to break it right no no you you got to tell
us that you got it and i'm like really and they're like yeah you got it that'd be great for us so
then i started asking around i got all this, and it was so goofy back then.
There was no Twitter.
There was no social media.
We'd have to run it down.
This internet kind of just kind of started.
Back then, there was CP, Canadian Press, right?
American Press.
Yeah, right.
So you'd have to feed them the information.
Sometimes it would take 15 minutes for them to reach it.
We're like, I'm banging on the side of the computer.
Get it quicker, get it quicker.
It's like a hamster on a wheel or something.
And then you'd wait, you wait, you wait.
And then if you were lucky enough, Canadian press would pick it up
and it said, Sportsnet is reporting.
And it would be like in our newsroom when we had zero respect,
if we had a news story broken by Canadian press
so all the rest of the networks saw it and said,
Sportsnet's reporting this, that was like scoring game seven.
You guys be popping bottles in there.
It was like a game seven overtime goal.
So that's how we kind of started.
That's funny.
And I just did it i you
know and i i still every once in a while go on and we talk about inside stuff but i mean elliot
friedman's an inside reporter chris johnson you know of course tsn's got their guys if i can help
contribute get to the truth is a few things i'll still do it but i never really considered myself
this uh insider it's funny but we all have information right you made that comparison a few things. I'll still do it, but I never really considered myself this insider.
But we all have information, right?
You made that comparison, because I said it to these guys
when I had a scoop before.
They're like, what do you care for? I'm like, well, when you're a journalist,
this is like scoring a goal. It's like, this is what
you're trying to get, a scoop.
You know what, insider? I find out what
girls the guys are banging.
I can't really...
You find out what the big club is.
It's not inside her.
It's inside her.
Oh, very good.
See, he's good with the wordplay.
Oh, my gosh.
Really good.
Last thing for him here.
What's the story between you and Grant Fuhrer,
the 96 playoffs,
when he started hating the guts?
I still get hated fan mail from St. Louis.
It's going to be, oh my God, they still hate me.
But got to say this, September picked St. Louis to win the Stanley Cup.
Did you?
I did.
I did.
Wow.
I didn't have Jordan Binnington in that, I can tell you that.
And you didn't have him sitting last in January.
I had Jake Allen, but I believed in Ryan O'Reilly.
I believed in some of the core guys that they had.
I thought they could get out of the West, and we'll see.
But as far as Grand Fury goes, let me tell you something.
One of the nicest people you'll ever meet.
let me tell you something one of the nicest people you'll ever meet so it was about uh i don't know maybe about three years after and i just recently retired i ended up at an event
and i had not spoken to grand fear since you know the incident in the st louis series
and i'm with mark massier and this is again this just speaks to what kind of
guy Mark Messier is um I said you know um I haven't I haven't talked to Grant Fierce since
that incident he goes what you haven't grabs me by the collar he says come on we're going to see
him right now you're like oh fuck and I'm like you'm like, you know, and Mark, you know, and the only way Mark knows how is just, you know, being himself.
And Grant was the nicest guy and just totally said, listen, I mean,
part of the game, I'll never hold it against you.
You know, it's just.
What did you do?
Prongs.
Chris Pronger cross-checked me and I fell into him.
Okay, so you acted like you fell and you fell on top of him,
kind of like Bacchus did to Binnington.
You played the game, bro.
All right, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You were a little fucking rat, weren't you?
Hey, you know, yeah.
He pissed people off.
You just try to do whatever you can.
You want to...
Hey, listen, we're watching the Stanley Cup final.
If St.is doesn't start
getting in the face of uh what do they do yeah you gotta you gotta kiss it goodbye you gotta
kiss it goodbye let's i've i've bumped goalies i've you know on occasion ran a few i've never
taken anyone's knee out you know i mean well it's different there's a line that that that to me
like it honest to god if i knew that i was going to take out a if it was going to cost him his knee
i mean i would have found a different way to upset him right i mean he's so much respect in his career
and like you just never envisioned that when you're gonna bump or fall on a goalie you're
gonna you're gonna wreck his knee and cause him to have surgery.
I felt horrible after that.
I'm watching him leave the ice at the time,
and I'm sitting there going, oh, you know.
Ah, shit.
I hope he's okay.
Yeah.
It's one of those things in the heat of battle
that had a shit ending.
Trying to help my team win.
Just trying to help my team win.
Yeah, it happens a million other times with not a bad result.
Well, one last quick one.
Going back to game six when you were on that flight,
when you wrote down whatever it was on that notepad,
at that point had you been told you were going in game seven?
No, no.
Do you think that what you wrote down was a factor?
It might have been.
Listen, first of all, I spoke about needing a change.
You know, you lose two in a row.
You need different energy.
You need a different look.
You want it in.
They didn't change the lineup.
I said, I feel good.
I'm fresh.
Maybe it's one body check that could make the difference in the world.
And Joey Kosher was hurting.
He's the one that went out.
I went in.
And Joey was hurting.
And I'm sitting there going you've
squeezed everything you could out of joe this is what this is what depth is all about this is why
it's a 23 man roster you know this is why you you you have the extra guys damn so you want you
wanted in that game badly and you hadn't played in close to two months almost highlight of my life
right there being on that stage that's's good that you wanted it, though.
It tells me everything.
You want a player on the bench.
Like you say, you have one penalty shot left.
Who wants it?
You want the guy going, yo, right fucking here, buddy.
I got this one.
Well, Kipper, thanks a lot.
We could have you for probably two hours.
Oh, my God.
That went fast, boys.
We had two cases of beer.
I know.
Maybe we can come back on in the summer.
We should do it in Manhattan or that private island you were talking about earlier when you went after the Stanley Cup win.
Oh, my God.
What was that?
MTV what?
MTV Beach House.
Yeah, that was the heyday.
Oh, that was Girls Gone Wild.
The Grind.
The Grind.
Remember the supermodels back then?
Turlington.
They were there?
Cindy Crawford.
Cindy's like, she owns the island with her husband.
Do you still talk to Brian Newton at all?
Oh, yeah.
We had our reunion.
The 25th.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
The 25th, yeah.
Three days in New York City.
Oh, my God.
The Rangers.
Nobody does it like the New York Rangers.
First class.
Oh, my God.
The only class.
I know.
It's crazy.
For the New York Rangers.
They took such good care of us.
Well, we want to thank you.
Thanks, boys.
We appreciate it very much.
So we'll do it again soon.
Enjoy the rest of the run.
That interview was also brought to you by ZipRecruiter.
What if you had your own personal recruiter to help you find a better job?
Now, ZipRecruiter's technology can do that for you.
Just download the ZipRecruiter job search app,
let it know what kind of jobs you're interested in,
and its technology starts doing the work.
The ZipRecruiter app finds jobs you like
and puts your profile in front of employers
who may be looking for someone like you.
If an employer likes your profile, ZipRecruiter lets you know.
So if you're interested in the job, you can apply. No wonder ZipRecruiter is the number one rated job search
app. And based on a third party survey, seven out of 10 people who found a new job on ZipRecruiter
increased their salaries. These were the results of a 2017 US survey of over 500 ZipRecruiter users
who got hired for a job they found on ZipRecruiter. Our listeners should download the free ZipRecruiter job search app today
and let the power of technology work for you.
Don't wait.
The sooner you download the free ZipRecruiter job search app,
the sooner it can help you find a better job.
Thank you very much, Nick Kiprios.
Everyone's able to tell how good of a storyteller that guy is
and why he's so good at his job.
And I'll tell you what, I heard a of rumblings that that he is possibly in uh what's that crew
that like people say jay-z's in the illuminati i guess like kipper's connected everywhere he
knows everyone he was hanging around with the guy cook from the ceo of apple and next thing you know
marner and matthews are in an apple commercial i think kiprios runs shit in a lot of places we don't know about.
And you know why I'm going to agree with that,
not even knowing anything about it,
is because he was there when they won that cup with the Rangers,
and he was the young guy there where he was just reaping all the benefits,
and he was probably just collecting numbers and being like,
yeah, I was on the Rangers,
where those other guys are worried about other shit,
and like, you know, they're superstars in their own right.
So he's a great networker, and he's done very well for himself.
And that was really the first time I've ever had the chance
to sit down with him and have a conversation.
But everything is advertised and a big thank you to him for coming on.
Yeah, I had a blast talking to him.
I never would have thought 30 years ago when he was aggravating us
as Bruins fans playing the Whalers that I'd be getting to talk to him.
And he was a hot shit, man.
Can't wait to get him back on the show.
Not to go back to game six either.
There was one thing we did forget to mention that happened at the start of the game
was Brett Hall shit-faced again getting the mic,
which I'm a big fan of when it was organic.
In game four, it was electric where I felt it was forced this time.
I don't know.
It just didn't have the same zest, and maybe another reason that
just kind of things are  the tide is turning towards Boston's favor.
Didn't he kind of go for a high five or something too,
and then was left hanging, and he's like
That could have been the difference in the series.
I'll tell you, all this travel on Boris too.
I don't know if boris is
gonna have the energy as well hey how about grinelli how about that text you find in uh
from yp that you tweeted out yeah some uh a little tarasenko slander from yp you hate to see it well
what happened fulfill us then i didn't catch it grinei had a tweet that he sent out something about, wow,
going through old texts with YP.
Didn't think he was this against.
Something about Tarasenko.
Wow.
And now he's making t-shirts and profiting off the guy.
In the text he says, any chance they trade Tarasenko?
And YP is like, maybe.
And then Mikey writes, you want to trade your best player?
And then YP writes, well, is he going to win you a cup?
I know.
I read it.
He responded to Mikey with venom at the end.
He called him like 120 pounds.
You could tell he was pissed.
Oh, shit.
You guys got heated online.
I just saw the original.
Wait, Keith.
So you went in this to stir
the pot and once again
create a little bit of that negative
mojo in St. Louis'
way. Let me just say, boys, I've
had that tweet in my drafts
for two and a half months
now. I've had that since the start of the
playoffs ready to go, just waiting
for this game. Wow, so basically
if it ended your friendship you
wouldn't care because you're that hardcore of a boston sports fan no i would never end our
friendship yp's my guy well if they go down in game seven he might not be talking to you i know
i know you're gonna talk to him oh yeah he dude that kid is so on edge he tapped me out so quickly
the other day just because i asked him like a simple question and i shoved him after and he
tapped me out in two seconds so i'm staying far away from him for the next we've we've said
it before he's done an unbelievable job with all the content he's created and on this run for St.
Louis uh shocked that that you being one of his close buddies at that uh that office in New York
would would take a shot like that but desperate times calls for desperate measures now boys is
there a few other things we should talk about before we get to our game seven preview absolutely uh one word
it's still a simpsons quote jeff skinner he got paid in buffalo eight years 72 million dollars
over nine million dollars a year it comes out so i haven't seen a skinner make out this good since
roman polanski's last movie deal.
So kudos to Jeff Skinner to get paid.
What's your take?
You love seeing guys make money.
Oh, yeah.
This was just a matter of time before you saw a guy make millions upon millions.
And he deserved it.
The year that he went out and had, I mean, he had career high last year with 40 goals.
And let's not say the Sabres were in a position to not sign him.
They had to re-sign this guy.
And that's why you're going to see the number be maybe a tad higher
than Sabres fans would have hoped.
I know that's kind of like a stupid statement by me
because they're so fired up that they re-signed him.
But if you're looking at the team, you say,
oh, maybe we got him at a little bit lower of a number.
But I think that they're a team that does have to pay guys a little bit more. That's just
kind of a fact in terms of where you're at and the city that you're in. And that'll always kind
of be the case with a lot of teams in the league. But to be able to keep him is enormous. I mean,
you could tell Eichel was fired up. He made a post right away. They had some crazy connections
this year. And Skinner was a player that the Sabres couldn't afford to lose.
So it makes total sense for him to re-sign there.
I think he's going to have a ton of success.
He proved it this year, and I think it's a great move for the team
because of how good he is and goal scoring being a huge need in this league.
He certainly gives you that.
So it made total sense all around, and he's a very rich man now.
I'm happy for him
i think he was before wasn't he yeah he had he was on a very fair deal in carolina very cap
friendly deal i believe he was making uh six million a year maybe just a fraction less and
and a very consistent player i mean he's usually getting you around 30 i mean and in two of the
last three years he's gotten close to 40 we had 40 last season and two years ago he had 37 so some what's that all right today this contract
is literally literally doubling his career earnings before this next season coming up
he's made 36 million dollars this contract is for 72 million dollars richer than i am by a
millions and millions already he He's fucking loaded now.
What was his last deal?
Was it not a six times six?
It was, let's see, six years, 34.35 million.
So it was just under 6 million.
Just under 6 million.
So I was right, not a big deal.
But here's the thing, and you guys said it.
I think everyone's on the same page as far as it's a little bit of an overpayment.
And if you think I'm not going to bring up state tax on this,
you're fucking high off your rocker.
You're going to get an RA stash.
Now, the unfortunate
We needed some state tax talk.
The unfortunate reality for Buffalo is the fact that it's difficult to attract
over free agents to begin with just because of, you know, you're living in Buffalo,
which I love Buffalo. It's a good a good fun city but it ain't florida it ain't dallas where you
know you're living in a place where it's not aesthetically that pleasing during the winter
winter time and you're paying up the fucking yin yang and taxes you might as well be i mean new
york city it's a little bit different case right you're living in new york city you get the pulse
and and all that shit now they're kind of on that young young swing where they're gonna have to
lock a few guys down and hey they got their they got their guy they're able to give him that extra
year which probably kept them involved and moving forward let's hope they get a little bit of help
in the draft and have some guys come in on those entry-level deals that are gonna help fill in
those other holes.
Now they're going to have to eventually pay their stud defenseman.
They can hopefully add a few more pieces back there.
And now they've got a few legitimate superstars up front.
So I think it's a good move for them because it's a way
that they can stay relevant.
I'm just concerned moving forward.
I mean, you know, if he can stay healthy and play up to his ability,
the way he has in the past and staying that consistent,
I don't mind the little bit of an overpayment. No, I don't.
I really don't.
Especially if you're at your Buffalo and you're,
you're well aware that you have to do that.
And it won't bother you until a couple of years down the line.
You know what I mean? Like you're not really, you know,
worried about it right now. And the, the only,
the only thing you'll say is in terms of the overpayment is, I mean, I think 63 points this year. I mean, that's nine million a year. Is it 63 points? I mean, that that's a that is a lot of money. But 40 goals is way different, at least to me, I know this. I don't know what you think about this, Biz or R.A. or Mikey, but 63 points with 40 goals as opposed to 63 points with 25 goals is just different.
It's that goal-scoring ability that's going to get you a little extra money.
Do you know what I mean?
Yeah, absolutely.
Now, I haven't had a chance to watch Skinner that closely.
I don't know what he's like on both sides of the puck.
From what I hear, there may
be a little bit of cheat offensively to his game. And, you know, he's a small guy. He's a little bit
lost in his own end. But when you get a natural goal score like that, a guy who's going to put up
40, you kind of sacrifice that. The 9 million number to me is a number where you're paying a
guy where he's like, you're getting a 200-foot winger who can put 40 in the back of that.
You're getting, I know Mark Stone hasn't had a crazy amount of points
in his career and got paid a pretty hefty tag in Vegas,
but we're talking about probably the best defensive winger since Marian Hossa.
Like, you're getting a lot of different areas.
He helps kill penalties.
And so, once again, I'm not concerned in the first two, three years of this deal.
What I'm concerned about is if they start getting these young guys developing
and all of a sudden they are making those runs for the Cup,
how much that 9 million will affect them in being able to maybe put a few guys
in this hole and that hole.
But for right now, they don't got to worry about it.
Also worth noting, too, Biz, he did crack 30 goals on a mediocre Carolina squad
three separate times, not playing with Eichel.
So he's a proven goal scorer even without Eichel.
Now the fact he's going to have him alongside, I mean,
he could be good for 40 for the next six, seven years.
So, you know, might be a bit of an overpay,
but well worth it to have a guy there.
Right.
Now saying that, another thing that's been said about him, once again,
I haven't had a good chance to watch him.
I've been on the West for a long time.
And he was kind of the guy in Carolina.
And kind of, you know, not a lot of pressure.
You know you're not going to be making playoffs.
You're kind of just playing loose all season.
I don't think he's ever played a playoff game.
Actually, yes.
No.
You know what?
He hasn't. That's a great point. He's never played a playoff game. So all of a sudden what he hasn't that's a great part ever played a
playoff game so all of a sudden like are you able to do it in crunch time and you know they had that
great start this year and he was on fire and you know didn't necessarily have the best second half
but listen unbelievable player i'm happy buffalo secured a guy because it seems like the city's
happy about it so i hope it works out for you guys I'm a huge Buffalo fan out here on the West Coast,
and hopefully you guys can make playoffs
and give that town something to cheer about,
kind of like what St. Louis is going through.
When they get in, whenever it happens again,
it's going to be bonkers.
Yeah.
Bonkers up there.
You know us over at Spit and Chicklets love talking about wrenches.
So it's time for a little wrench talk,
brought to you by our
new friends over at Trojan condoms sex. We all love it. There is no denying it. I mean, you all
know we're pretty open about our personal love lives. I'm a single man still meeting girls and
living my best life. Just like I did when I was an NHL rookie. Whit is all wifed up now, but we
all know back in his NHL days when Crosby was helping him cash checks, not a big deal.
He was running wild.
R.A. is an experienced vet that lived through the sex-crazed 70s.
God, I don't want to imagine that.
Fuck it.
Even Grinnell is out there getting his pecker wet.
It's a big, sexy world out there, and damn it, we at Spit and Chicklets embrace it.
We all have done it, and we don't plan on stopping anytime soon,
and you shouldn't either.
Sex is the best.
But when you're out there in the trenches getting the deed done,
we want you to all be safe.
You never know when some rocket at the bar will want to bring you back
to your place, and it's always important to be prepared.
And that's why you should always have a Trojan brand condom with you.
STIs and unintended pregnancies are something we
all want to avoid and there's no other brand out there I would allow anywhere near my wrench
or trust like I do Trojan condoms. I want you guys out there having a good time, but I want
you guys staying safe while you do it. And no other brand out there would get my recommendation
like Trojan condoms. Yeah, quickly before the Game 7 little preview that we're going to have.
And there's not tons to preview.
I mean, it's Game 7.
What the fuck else are you going to talk about in terms of how it's going to go down?
Nobody knows.
That's what's so great about Game 7.
I'm seeing online here, Jon Hamm shaved his beard.
Oh, no.
I didn't even realize that when they showed him that for a role beard on he
he had to but holy i mean was he growing a playoff beard though or did he just oh yeah he had a beard
i mean the guy had a huge beard maybe it actually wasn't a playoff beard but at that point with
him being the blues fan he is it's like he's powerful enough of an actor to say like yeah if
you need me to shave the beard it'll be shaved in like three days.
We got a lot of Bruins fans that listen to this podcast.
Think about all the little mojo things we've mentioned
that are just probably driving them insane right now.
So that leads into game seven.
And I know Blues fans are probably just frustrated
the fact it was in the building.
I understand that.
But if you're a fan of this team,
what you've seen all year
and you've seen the resiliency
and the fight and this team
never giving up, you had to
think there was no other way
they were going to win it besides going into
a game seven in another team's building
and winning the cup. I mean, this is
a team that, first of all, this series
was bound for seven. I said it. I knew it. I think Blues fans knew it. I mean, this is a team that, first of all, this series was bound for seven.
I said it.
I knew it.
I think Blues fans knew it.
I think Bruins fans knew it pretty quickly.
You've got to be confident as hell if you're a Blues fan.
I think both fan bases are feeling fucking great going into this game.
That's my opinion.
I think the Bruins fans are looking at we ain't losing three games in a row
at home, and it would be three in a row, right, lose game seven correct yeah bruins fans are thinking that and blues fans
are thinking this has been our entire season we've been dead we've been dead we've been left to just
melt into the earth and we've always come back so it's going to be wild it's going to be crazy
and another enormous game uh first goal score just changes the complexity of everything.
Whoever gets the first one.
But I don't know what to think.
I don't know what to think because the Bruins have the last change.
Still no five-on-five action for the top line, right?
The March on goal was power play.
Posta did get the one late.
It wasn't like a  it wasn't  but to me  That was wasn't like a  That was all Corrali.
That was all Corrali.
Right, and it was a nice little confidence boost going into game seven.
I'm going to say me and R.A. talked about it before we hopped on tonight.
It seems like no momentum has been able to be had because of these layovers.
You get two full days off, and that's going to benefit
to me, that's going to benefit, to me,
that's going to benefit St. Louis.
Decompress a little bit, get the fuck out of town,
get away from the distractions, and then you got two full days to just hit the reset button and focus on what it is you have to do.
Now, I don't know who to root for in game seven.
I would imagine that it's
I want overtime.
That's all I've ever said.
That's one thing, too.
I think it will go to overtime because it's just...
Do you?
I think it's been the type of year
that I think it's going to go to overtime,
and there's going to be a botched call,
and there's going to be a puck in the back of the net,
and we're going to have so much shit to talk about.
No, that would be so bad for the league.
Don't even say it.
I mean, Christ, would it not be the type of cherry on top
that this offseason deserves?
The game winner in overtime will be a reviewed offsides goal.
Hold on, folks.
Hold on.
We're getting a review here.
But after the goal, though, they won't get a whistle
for like eight and a half minutes of skating,
so they're going to have to wait for eight minutes of play
just to go back and undo it all.
Oh, fuck.
We get like a full other half period.
We're all going crazy.
Anyway, but it should be crazy.
I'm happy for all you neutral hockey fans who get extra hockey.
It is crazy that the fact that we're playing hockey this late into June,
maybe that's a reason why the ice is shit.
Even before the U.S. Open,
there's going to be a Stanley Cup final game.
Either way, I will feel crushed for whoever loses this game,
even more so in the AHL playoffs because the bonuses are so bad.
These guys are staying there all the way to Game 7 in the American League.
Now that could be a nice little segue after you talk about
who you think about Game 7 into who won the Calder Cup final.
I think you threw all the stats out boys,
you know,
really?
Yeah.
Do you know,
I was even going to get to even Vegas,
like the,
the,
whatever Vegas says for line,
the Bruins,
their home,
they're going to be the favorite.
It's a pick them to me.
Everything's obviously magnified,
but Rask has been,
been the better goalie this series.
Overall,
he's been better.
He was better in game six.
He's also might get grizzy back. He didn't get. They didn't get him back tonight, but if they can add him
to the lineup for game seven, that would be absolutely huge.
I think, boys, if we might have to record Thursday morning if the Bees
win, because I don't know how I'm going to get home by midnight to record the show after.
I've got to give you some warning right now. Now, just to stir the pot a little bit and create
some conversation, I'm going to throw it off to you.
Who, in your opinion, from each team would you pick as the MVP for playoffs?
Tuca Rast, Ryan O'Reilly.
That's exactly who I got right now.
And you can make an argument for Bennington.
You can make an argument for
I think you give it to Petrangelo or Perenco before you give it to Bennington, you can make an argument for... I think you give it to Petrangelo or Perenco
before you give it to Bennington.
I don't think Bennington's off-season stats really jump out at you.
I would even give it to Rask on a losing team.
I think you meant post-season stats
because I know nobody had off-season stats like you.
Oh, yeah. I said off-season.
You watched the off-season.
Yeah, that's true. I said offseason. You watched the offseason. Yeah, that's true.
I said offseason
last episode, too.
I meant postseason.
Excuse me.
Thank you for correcting me.
Yeah, other options.
Both those D-men
are great options.
They both played like
27 minutes tonight, too,
I think.
On the Bruins side,
I don't even think
there's another...
Oh, you know who?
Who are the Bruins?
This might be
a crazy throwout, and I mentioned it on the group chat was
coil if he has a big game seven he gets the double digits and goals as a third liner i don't even
think the guy plays power play yeah i i just there's it's just basically bruins win possibly
even lose and it's duke rask you know not a point. So what I wanted to say about game seven was I never got the chance to play in
one for the Stanley cup, obviously.
But I experienced the game. Any game seven is just wild.
So for everyone watching hockey and all these,
all the people out there who enjoy it, who played the game growing up,
who loved it, it's, it's these guys, these 20 or 40 guys, whatever it is, in this game,
like they're all living a dream.
This is a dream come true.
And it's like it makes me like emotional thinking about growing up.
You're the same way.
It was like Game 7, Stanley Cup, every single street hockey game,
every time you're alone trying to get better, loving the game, shooting pucks. Like imagine Game 7 for the Stanley Cup every single street hockey game every time you're alone trying to get better loving the
game shooting pucks like imagine game seven for the Stanley Cup like it gives me the chills to
even think about and you just and ironically enough like you think about the triumph and
raising the Stanley Cup and winning it in the last game of the season I think about the guys
in the locker room of whoever loses Wednesday night. And I lost a
cup and it was game six and it was heartbreaking. And I don't think it's half as heartbreaking as
losing in a game seven. I really don't. Because when we lost, we couldn't have won the cup that
night. You know, the season's over and you can't believe it. And I was crying. But to lose a game
seven for the Stanley Cup, I can't even imagine the length
and what you've gone through
as a unit and a team to get that far
and to feel so empty at the end of it.
It's just like the greatest thing
is sports at the highest level
in a chance where people become heroes forever.
Max Talbot is a hero forever in Pittsburgh.
And you hope to God
that nobody becomes a goat forever. Max Talbot is a hero forever in Pittsburgh. And you hope to God that nobody
becomes a goat forever. Oh, man. That's the one thing. I'm not saying, I'm not kidding. I hope
to God. And to touch on that exact point is people are so ruthless nowadays, especially the fact
that's going on online. Bill Buckner, who passed away recently, could you imagine, and he passed
away fairly young, 69 years years old you got to imagine the
amount of mental health problems that all that caused him and you know just for playing a game
so let's hope that they lost the game after him that was game six everyone right so let's hope
it ends in a fair way and no one's the fucking scapegoat um r.a what do you what else should
we talk about uh first off i don't really want a prediction.
I'm going to say Bruins are going to win 3-1 with an empty net.
Rask is in that zone.
I don't see him giving up more than a goal.
And like I said, I get 3-1 with an empty net.
Do you guys get any more takes on that or do you want to move on?
Do you want to make a prediction goal-wise, Whit?
I took the Bs in seven, so I'm going to stick to that.
Let's say 3-2 in six overtimes.
I'm not very, very confident about this one.
I'm going to say a 4-3.
No, 3-2 overtime win for the St. Louis Blues.
Okay, so we're in agreement that this thing's going to OT at 2-2.
It's got to.
I mean, it's got to agreement that this thing's going to OT at 2-2. It's got to. It's got to
happen. This season's been crazy. I would be
rock hard
the entire intermission going
into overtime. I'm talking
no need for any of
those pills that you occasionally pop
to put on a show, Biz. Rock
hard. What do you got, Grinelli? Bruins, what?
Bruins, 4-3.
No overtime. Just taking a look, Grinnelly? Bruins what? Bruins 4-3. No overtime.
Just taking a look at Grinnelly here.
Buddy, a couple days in Vegas, you sure look like
you could use a little liquid IV there.
I'll tell you right now, liquid IV is the fastest,
most efficient way to stay hydrated.
You're trying to drink more water?
Liquid IV hydrates you two to three times
faster and more efficiently than water alone
with an added bonus of vitamin C,
B3, B5, B6, and B12.
The best part, Liquid IV helps prevent jet lag when you're traveling. It's TSA-friendly and
perfect for on-the-go travelers, helps keep your skin hydrated while flying, and can be used before,
during, and after flights. I just want to let you know, Grinnelli Liquid IV is the fastest-growing
wellness brand. You can find them everywhere, even Costco. You can find
the hydration multiplier sold at Costco's nationwide. Non-GMO, vegan, and it's free of gluten, dairy,
and soy, so it's got clean ingredients, and it can provide the same hydration as drinking two or three
bottles of water. It's also a healthy alternative to traditional sugary sports drinks, and there's
no artificial flavors or preservatives. Also contains five essential vitamins, including more vitamin C than an orange
and as much potassium as a banana.
Can't beat that.
And Liquid IV fuels tough workouts, helps prevent muscle fatigue,
promotes healthy post-workout recovery, and it's convenient for TSA-friendly use.
I love Liquid IV, and I know you will too.
Right now, our listeners get 25 off LiquidIV.com
when you use our code CHICKLETS at checkout.
That's 25 off anything you order on Liquid IV's website.
Go to liquidiv.com and enter the promo code CHICKLETS to get your savings and start getting better hydration.
That's liquidiv.com, promo code CHICKLETS.
Don't wait.
Start properly hydrating today.
promo code CHIPPLATES. Don't wait. Start properly hydrating today.
It would be a shame if we didn't mention Charles Glenn, who sang his last anthem today in St. Louis.
So congratulations to him. Amazing career. How long, R.A.? 19 years?
I think it was about that. Yeah, he'd been doing it for a couple of decades.
And I think it was a multiple sclerosis. I think he's been struggling with.
And for him to get out and do the performance he's been doing, you know, extra kudos to him for doing that. That's not an easy thing to do when you
have such a health issue like that.
Before I give a shout out to somebody,
crazy to think that the St. Louis
Blues could go on to win the Stanley Cup
having a losing record at home
in the playoffs. They finished 6-7
so the best team on the road at
9-3 and that's just another reason
that every fan of the Blues is looking at this game seven with tons of confidence, 10 and three on
the road, six and seven at home. Is that how it's going to fucking end? Holy shit. The last time an
away team when I run like that, I think was the New Jersey devils, uh, in, in recent memory,
since I've been alive either way. Um, fuck, I lost my train. I got it. I got a business. It's
been a hell of a year for uh hockey in
carolina the hurricanes had a cinderella run so that's what i was finals saturday night the
shallow checkers beat the chicago wolves five to three in game five of the call of the cup to
capture their first ever title in that ninth ahl season wild game saturday night it was three to
one with over three minutes left uh then we got a pulled goalie goal, empty netter, pulled goalie goal,
empty netter. Ended up being a 5-3 final.
Not sure if there were puck lands in the AHL, but
good luck to whoever had it. And we found
out a couple days after
Stephon Mateau in Chicago, he
lacerated his kidney sometime during
game four, finished the game, and then
went to the hospital after. So, hashtag
hockey guy Stephon Mateau. Sorry he lost
the title, but at least he's doing
well and what a what a tough tough guy to play with a lacerated fucking kidney and wit i remembered
what i what i forgot to say and it was regarding the losing record at home for the blues and i
think the last team they said on the nbc broadcast to do to win a stanley cup with a losing home
record was like the montreal maroons so you know that was ages ago because they weren't called the Canadians.
So crazy.
And there's a Maroon on St. Louis.
The Jews are coming back here.
Give me the fucking Canada brand's cream.
I'm going to beat my dick.
So also, guys, about the AHL title, I wanted to give a special congrats
to a close friend,
close family friend,
Ryan Wasowski was the assistant coach of the Charlotte checkers.
His brother,
Dave was a former BU player played,
played for the 55 games in the NHL this year.
He's a part last year,
played games with Colorado this year.
He's with their AHL team,
but a great family that,
that,
that we've gone back a long ways with,
and my brother ways with,
and my brother playing with his brother.
So assistant coach of the Charlotte Checkers.
He was the head coach in South Carolina and the coast.
He's moving his way up.
Great kid, so congrats to him.
I think that it's fun to end the episode with maybe a little bit of drama and the Spittin' Chicklets world.
Our little meme and Instagram and Twitter world
where last episode we'd mentioned that a fan had made us a theme song,
which I think we were all in agreement that, wow,
this guy whipped up a pretty nice little theme song for us.
So his name, Sammy Rich, came on Twitter the other day
and started firing off messages, and he was very upset
saying that we
didn't give him proper credit for his song. I don't know if we were supposed to tag his SoundCloud
or whatever the fuck you use to post these types of songs. Now, that must have got lost in
translation at the fact that we were very grateful that he did it. Even more complimentary of how
good it was considering in one of those tweets he mentioned that it took him a few hours to whip up so i don't want any of our fans thinking we're not
grateful as the amount of effort you're putting into things to uh you know to bring us joy now
ra what do you have to say on the subject i thought the song was was good you guys might
have been a little bit more critical on it but once again not a bad song for being able to whip
it up in two hours but i'm not gonna bad song for being able to whip it up in two
hours but i'm not gonna fucking give you a grammy for it yeah i mean like i said i appreciated the
effort it was it's a nice gesture it just wasn't something that you know i think we would be adding
to the beginning of the show uh but what what pissed me off was that he barked at us and said
like i do all this and you didn't even say that and it's like motherfucker we we gave you a name
we said you shut up we said this is the guy who made it.
Like, I mean, what the fuck were we supposed to do?
Pimp your act?
Like tweet out SoundCloud?
No, like you made a video.
You showed us it.
We said who did it.
And fucking no one knew who you were before that.
Then they did after.
So I don't know what you're complaining about, buddy.
If you're going to complain, at least listen to the fucking episode for us
because we did give you a fucking shout out.
But Witt and R.A. and Grinnell, guess i'm not i'm gonna take the high road on this one and i'm gonna reach out
to my rapper buddy billions calhoun oh who's in the rap game okay i don't know i don't know if
you guys have heard this story before so it's a nice way to end the episode when i was playing
for the ontario rain in california i live not too far in a beautiful brand new complex, not a big deal, by the arena.
Had a nice swimming pool area, had beautiful barbecues. It was brand spanking new. I was the
first one to live in my apartment. Well, I stroll in one day after practice and there's a Chevy
Camaro. Is that the, is it Chevy that makes Camaro? Yeah. Yeah. There was like a Camaro and
a Mustang pointing towards each other.
And there's a few, you know, bigger, bigger guys pointing at a camera that was being pointed in their face and a couple of video vixens in, in my apartment complex, they were filming a rap video.
So I, it's a couple of my old school followers would remember when I was posting about this,
I got involved in the action.
It was actually giving them recommendations on where they should film in this structure
as part of the rap video.
I said I could go get a couple steaks.
We could throw them on the grill, get the video vixen shaking their ass
on the granite countertops outside.
I'll take a seat, Alice.
I became friends with this guy.
I ended up leaving him tickets for a game.
He thought I played for the LA Kings, so he drove to LA.
I'm outside of the arena being like, yeah, dude,
I'm right where they leave the tickets.
I'm right here.
You're not here.
And he's like, dude, I thought you said you played for the Kings.
I'm here at the Staples Center.
And I'm like, man, I played for the Ontario Reign.
So anyway, so now I'm buddies with the
At least he didn't go all the way to Ontario, Canada.
Exactly.
Exactly.
So, yes, take a positive.
So, Billions Calhoun, who was filming the rap video,
to me, one of the best rappers of all time.
He is a savage on Instagram.
He's, like, sucking strippers' titties and posting a story.
This guy's out of his mind.
I'm going to get him on the next podcast,
and I'm going to ask him if he can help collab
and make a rap song with our boy sammy rich who's all pissed
off at us now and i'm gonna i'm gonna link the two up and i think we can create some heat in the booth
and and i think that that would be a good uh a good way to kind of like show him that we're sorry
for not you know repping his fucking song the way it should have been repped and uh maybe we could
get some fire out of it for the chicklets fans yeah we'll see what happens i just like i said i
don't i don't i
don't like when someone when someone box or chirps about something that we did we gave them a fucking
shout out and say we didn't it was just like come on man you know and now we're gonna make
him into a famous rapper yeah that'd be funny is that is that it for today this is gonna be
like a rap manager now like fucking paul giamatti and straight out of Compton. Well, I might spit some bars on it too.
Whit, you've been known to freestyle in your day.
I think there's some old videos out there.
Let's hear something.
I wish there was a video.
I told you.
Landon told the story.
One night I freestyled for like 15 minutes.
I don't know why I blacked out.
I was like Frank the Tank in the debate.
All right.
Old school.
Guys, I could be out at Pebble on Wednesday night.
So if I miss the cut in the Mass Open, which could be a tough one,
I got Monday, Tuesday, and then I'm flying out either Tuesday night
or Thursday morning.
So I don't know what's going on, but I'm ready.
I'm ready for Game 7.
We'll be recording right after.
Maybe I go out west and then we just do it really late after the game.
Yeah.
I mean, win or lose, you'll be down in the locker room or only if they win?
Only win, probably, most likely.
Unless I'm a guy to go basketball sports.
Yeah.
No, no.
Fuck that.
I'm drinking out of that motherfucker.
Well, the shrooms I took before the show have really kicked in.
I drank out shrooms this episode.
I love it.
Yeah, not bad.
You look good, too.
I took them all weekend.
You have that color.
Dude, you're glowing those, were you?
So I've been kind of micro-dosing a little bit.
It's been fun.
It's been a good little ride.
I went up to Flagstaff, as I mentioned.
And when you're in the forestry and nature and stuff,
it's nice to be on shrooms.
I like to macro-dose.
Macro-dose.
Speaking of collabs, a little marijuana mushroom collab
also this week
the golf spitting chiclets
golf gear will go on sale
we got some great stuff so keep your eye out for that
enjoy the next couple days
especially Blues and Bruins fans
I know it's going to be stressful for both of you groups
try to enjoy it, try to relax
before Wednesday night and And for hockey fans,
just have a permagrin on for the next couple
days because what do I say?
All I wanted was Game 7 for the Cup
overtime. We're halfway there.
Enjoy it. What a run it's been.
What a Stanley Cup final it's been.
Thanks for listening as always. We love you.
And look out for that Billions Calhoun
and Sammy Rich collab.
I'm out of here.
Peace.
See you, boys.
