Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 184 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by New Amsterdam
Vodka.
Got a new Stanley Cup champion in town.
We're going to get to that in just a second.
Let's say hi to the boys first.
Mikey Grinelli, what's up, brother?
What's up, boys?
Tough night to be a Bruins fan, but I will say I am happy for Layla and Young Page Views.
Good.
Nice.
Nice.
Well said, dude.
Biz, what's going on, buddy?
How was your night?
Did you enjoy the game?
Yeah. I mean, it wasn't the most entertaining game. happy for the st louis blues boys i'm not gonna lie
that was a very long emotional playoffs um i mean that you know kidding i'm gonna say you know we
gave it all we got and i'm a little tired uh emotionally drained and kind of happy it's all
over oh that's because you fight with too many people online. That's why.
Look at Whitdog.
Last but not least, you look like you were in the sun all day, brother.
I know.
I don't know what this little glow I have is.
I'm actually pale as ever.
I guess it's just the coloring, but I know what you're saying.
It does look phenomenal.
Congrats, St. Louis Blues.
Holy shit, what a story.
One of the most incredible stories I've ever seen, ever heard in the NHL.
Just an insane season that they ended up turning around completely from zeros to heroes to legends forever.
That fan base, they deserve it. That city deserves it. I think you're going to see an insane parade.
And it was just it was it was a perfectly played road game. People are going to say perfectly played.
They got dominated at times.
Well, they got big goaltending.
They got timely goals.
And as everyone knew going in, it was almost the same in six and seven.
It was like first goal scores is going to win.
It was like this series, tonight especially, first one was so important.
The Bruins dominate so many chances.
And what happens?
Mr. MVP himself, the legend, gets a tip.
Why don't we let R.A. kick it off?
Sorry, bud.
That's all right, buddy.
That's all right.
I know it's a big thing.
Yeah, 52 years after they joined the NHL,
the St. Louis Blues went on an absolutely miraculous run,
and that's not a diss.
They were 300-1 underdogs beginning of January.
They run all the way to the Stanley Cup.
Unbelievable series.
I mean, we couldn't ask for
anything more. You got a game seven. The Bruins, when they didn't score the first like 10 minutes
there, when they had a couple of golden opportunities, and you could tell Bennington was on,
I said, if they don't get the first goal, they're not going to win this game. And I had little
confidence once the Blues got the lead. But the Blues, like you said, perfect road game. They got
the lead and they sat on it. They sit on leads like a fat kid sits on his little brother.
Well, let's talk about before the game even started a lot of jinxes in st louis's favor
of course uh john ham shaving his beard then all the you know the stuff from the newspaper getting
released and i feel that ryan o'reilly might have reversed the curse a little bit he ends up going
to a guitar store for the cup final in boston runs into a boston
bruins fan who's a kid and ended up buying him a guitar did you guys read this story
absolutely i did but i didn't understand like how they even started talking in the store
or did the kid not say uh so if i'm not mistaken the kid was playing a guitar in guitar center in
boston where you can just like go in and play and that that's where Ryan O'Reilly came in, saw him playing.
And I think the kid was playing a Canadian guitar.
And so O'Reilly bought it for him.
It was a Canadian guitar company.
So what a move.
How about that karma?
Yeah, just trying to get those good jujus flowing and kind of got it back in the favor.
Then somebody sent out something that Conor McGregor had just shaved his beard.
Now, was that an altered photo just to kind of stir things up online or what, Grinnell?
No, that was a real photo.
McGregor shaved his beard, and I think that might have been a bad omen for the Bruins.
So it kind of offset the Jon Hamm thing.
So all of a sudden, it was an even playing field going into game.
I don't know.
Jon Hamm is a diehard Blues fan.
McGregor went into the locker room one time and did, like,
a cringeworthy, like, chant.
Like, it's not the same.
Well, online it was, and people were getting worked up about it
and using it in St. Louis' favor in order to reverse the curse.
So some fun little storylines going into this one.
Once again, a two-day layover and no momentum going into that hockey game
because I thought that St. Louis actually ended up coming out a little bit flat.
Or sorry, Boston came out a little bit flat in the first four minutes.
It wasn't so much what St. Louis was doing.
I just feel like they weren't in rhythm.
They almost looked a little bit nervous and just couldn't get in stride.
And St. Louis wasn't able to take advantage early with
but then all of a sudden four minutes into that game Boston turned it on and really dominated for
most of that first period 16 minutes went by from St. Louis's first shot on net to their second which
ended up being the Ryan O'Reilly tip goal it was just a complete nightmare scenario for the Bruins
and I don't know if you guys have seen the video making the rounds yet,
but I mentioned before it even happened.
And this is why I think NHL Network gives me a job and pays me to talk about hockey.
I could just tell that this happens in game sevens where a team will dominate
and be all over another club.
And the goaltender on the other team in being Bennington just stands on his head.
And all of a sudden the doubt starts creeping in. Like we're getting some great chances. It's still
zero, zero. The longer the time goes by, we don't score. The more confidence Bennington gets,
the more time it allows for St. Louis to find their legs and find their game as this guy's
bailing them out throughout the entire first period. And then what happens? We get one little
chance, one little chintzy goal, and we're up 1-0.
It then
happened exactly as I thought it would,
not necessarily knowing O'Reilly would
tip it, although are any of us surprised
he scored again? Four games in a
row in the Stanley Cup Finals with goals.
The first to do that since Wayne Gretzky
ever heard of him. Thanks for coming.
1985, the year I was born with.
Yeah, that was a hell of a year,
but it's the best draft of all time in the 85 birthdates in the 04 draft?
03.
Good guy.
Stay hot, Whit.
Stay hot.
Either way, it was a perfect situation to get that lead after getting dominated.
And I don't think I'm  I hope I'm making myself clear enough
that not only is he making these enormous saves
and building his own confidence and really kind of getting into the game,
his team was struggling and needed him.
They needed him to do what he did.
And while he did that, they figured out how they were going to play their game
and they figured out how to slow Boston down.
Yeah, I agree with you, Biz.
They come out a little slow, the Bruins.
But once they got in the game, man, they were running that whole fucking period.
And St. Louis, they got
bailed out by Bennington. Like Whitlock just said,
he made, I think, probably four, like, ten
bell saves in that first period. Just, like, amazing
saves that you almost jumped up thinking
it was going to be a goal, and he kept
them in it. All they need is one goal.
They got two, but they got the fucking first goal.
And I swear, it just, like, took their fucking steam
out of the bees, man. Once they get that lead,
they just sit back, throw it a puck up in the air,
ice it, do whatever just to burn that clock away.
A lot of people are going to say the Nordstrom.
Is that how you say it?
Joke on Nordstrom.
Nordstrom's save was the best one when it kept it 2-0.
To me, the most pivotal save in that game was when Perenco ended up
taking that penalty, and they had a very good power play.
And Brad Marchand got that puck in the slot,
and he had the whole left side shooting to the left side, and then that opened.
It would have been Binnington's right, and Binnington didn't get a good pushoff.
And I think Brad Marchand, maybe assuming that he would have
and would have been over in time, Brad Marchand kind of went against the grain,
and that puck went to the right side of the net.
And now call it a bit of luck, it almost slid through Bennington,
but he ended up just closing his arm on it and keeling over.
And then he had a few other big ones in that first period,
one on Johansson, one on Krejci who got through,
and then I believe there was one more, and it was a tip play.
I think it was on that same power play, the Perenko.
Well, yeah, because I was the only one in the game
where Brad Marshall let the point shot go
and Bergeron got a nice tip on it.
So he was very sharp in that first period.
A lot of Bruins fans bitching about the effort.
They gave up 10 shots in the first two periods.
They controlled that game.
I've already in group chats have Boston fans, friends of mine,
saying they just didn't want it enough.
You mean the same ones that said Achari didn't sell the leg kick a little bit?
Oh, man.
Good timing right there.
You know what?
What really kind of bugged me, actually actually is that unless you're a St.
Louis blues fan,
it was kind of a boring game.
I mean,
I just wanted an exciting game,
you know,
my,
my wish for overtime,
but it was after that first goal already,
you said it,
they start flicking the puck on his own.
And I don't think I've ever seen a better team defensive unit front shots.
I was talking to Brendan Walsh on, we were texting during the game.
He's like, I've never seen D that just front every single shot.
You couldn't get anything to the net on them.
But even being down one, nothing and dominating play,
you're okay until the second goal.
What a killer.
Biz, you saw this go down.
You realized how much of a killer it was.
And with so such few time left, it was just back-breaking for the Bruins.
Yeah, and they were pretty much dominating the whole first period,
although they were down 1-0.
And they had a really good offensive zone shift.
And Marshawn and that line kind of extended it a little too long
and ended up going back the other way.
He gets caught up just outside the blue line, I believe.
And obviously being so gassed and stretching out that shift,
trying to get back in that hockey game and tie it 1-1,
sometimes when you're out there for a long time,
you just have brain farts.
The oxygen's not going to your brain.
And he turns around and goes for that change.
And Petrangelo sneaks in.
And what a play by Schwartz just to give a shoulder check and find him.
And he had all time.
He comes in, ends up going to his backhand.
And once again, like Rask got hung out to dry on that one.
To me, the only one that Rask probably wants back is that first one
where he
opened up this five hole where it was unnecessary because he was already at the end of the post
so if that point shot is coming in and it doesn't get tipped it's hitting his pads if it ends up
getting tipped and goes wide it goes wide no need to open up the five hole but nonetheless you need
more than one to fucking win the game that's all they got and it was it was in garbage time going
into that issue intermission only down one-nothing
would have been huge because they were in complete control.
No worries. No worries.
And then all of a sudden, man, your back's against the wall,
and now you're going to have to take even more risks offensively
in order to get back in that hockey game, R.A.
Absolutely.
Anytime you give up a goal at, like, less than 10 seconds
left in the period, it's always a fucking backbreaker.
And, like you say, one-nothing, okay, man.
We're playing good. We're all playing them.
You know, Benenson's playing well, but they could come out and tie it,
and two nothing's a whole different ballgame.
It's just like you said, St. Louis, they're fantastic at sitting on lead.
They remind me of the Devils.
Not the most exciting hockey, the old Devils in the 90s.
Not the most exciting hockey, but it wins.
And once they get that lead, man, it's almost like fucking lights out already.
Well, it's funny you mentioned the Devils because the St. Louis Blues
ended up tying the NHL record for 10 road wins during the Stanley Cup run.
That ties an NHL record.
I'm going to give you a list of other teams that do it.
Washington Capitals actually last year did it.
I was unaware of that when I said it last episode.
They had 10 as well.
The 2012 Los Angeles Kings, the 2004 Calgary Flames, they did not win the cup, but they had 10 as well uh the 2012 los angeles kings the 2004 uh calgary flames they did
not win the cup but they had 10 road wins and the 2000 and the 1995 new jersey devils they've done
it twice to win 10 on the road so i mean just talk about a team uh who can go into buildings
and and really it seemed to to calm Bennington down.
He ends up getting to get away from home.
I know he didn't have the best performance in game six.
I was a little nervous for him going in,
especially him getting involved in all the antics.
I believe it was  who did he get involved with in the last game?
A handful of guys.
A bunch of guys.
Yeah, so I was a little nervous.
Other people onc and other networks
were talking about that as well but alligator blood from that guy i don't know what he finished
with and bounced back games after losses as far as stats are concerned it was that crazy numbers
crazy just padded to it and and uh some miraculous saves in order to help get the job done and i also
you know the bruins they have to be criticized again'm going to throw the caveat out there that if they're
hurt, then I take it back because, you know,
these guys are all hurt at this time of the year, but
you know, you can't win if you don't score.
And they got nothing out of that top six again,
man. Krejci, he was so
good the last game. I didn't see him doing much tonight.
Bergeron, Marchand, Pasternak.
I don't know how many times Pasternak fanned on shots
or missed shots. Pasternak had a wide open
net. I think it might have been already a 3-0, but another whiff.
On the opposite side of where Marchand scored last game on the power play,
Pasternak fanned twice on, I wouldn't say open nets,
but a good opportunity.
Yeah, one was.
Yeah, correct.
How was the crowd already?
Like the beginning, just what you expected, incredible,
and then slowly and surely just taken out of it?
Yeah, basically.
They were loud at the beginning,
and then they kind of get quiet a little bit and then get loud again.
But, yeah, when it was 2-0, man, it was just
it wasn't completely dead in there.
They kind of wake up with a chant here and there,
but it wasn't like fucking off the wall.
I've certainly seen it louder in there.
In the second period, I even said to the guy next to me,
I says, I almost wish they got a couple shots on Rask, I'm sorry, the first period,
just because he hadn't seen a shot in about 10 minutes.
You know, fucking goalies can lose their concentration or whatever.
And just as I said it, fucking boom, the tip went by him.
And Ryan O'Reilly, man, con smite, unreal.
Go ahead, Biz.
I thought a turning point was going to be with the glorious opportunity
that Shen had in front of the net in the second period
where it just went over Rask.
And Chara ended up stopping on the line.
I said, okay, that's kind of a turning point where they're going to feed off that and they might get the next one.
And nothing really came of it.
And then it just goes back to huge back-to-back saves by Rask
over three minutes into the third.
One was the three-on-one with Barbashev and Sundquist,
and they both had cracks at it and
then uh barbachev created the turnover just outside the line and tarasenko ended up going
in and getting a pretty good opportunity from just outside the slot so that's when they started
getting a few shots and getting rask in it in it but it was it was too little too late by them as
i mentioned only 10 shots he faced in the first two periods. That's absolutely insane.
I know.
It's some games, and when
you get to game seven where it's one game,
anything can happen. Man, there
can be a night that you know the goalie's seen
everything perfect, and it's like, we can't beat this guy
tonight. I mean, that happens throughout the course of
a season. It always has. It always
will. There's nights you can't get anything
going as a team offensively, and
even when you do, you run into a guy in net
who's not only confident, but playing well and
feeling great, and that happened tonight.
It was just shitty timing for Bruins and their
fan base, and you've got to think that the
St. Louis Blues deserved every bit
of it. I mean, they went on the road and
won a Game 7 after having a heartbreaking
loss at home in Game 6.
They played the perfect road game where you do rely on goaltending,
but you stay out of the penalty box.
Besides the delay a game early, they didn't take another penalty.
Bruins didn't take one either.
So you've got to appreciate it was well refereed
and there was no drama to deal with.
I don't think they missed that many calls either.
I can't think of any off the top of my head.
But still, just to  all right, you're right.
You do have to call out the bruins
and the lack of production and that's two stanley cup finals in a row now yeah and home ice was
completely irrelevant i mean they lost three of the fucking four games they played at home i mean
that's no advantage whatsoever and again kudos to the blues they were road monsters this whole
fucking playoffs and all and they're already starting we we knew this was going to happen
with if rask lost the game tonight oh he's a's a bum. I mean, two goals on four shots, as if that matters.
I mean, who cares if it was done two shots or fucking 40 shots?
I mean, they're two tough goals, but people are already going back
to that fucking Rask can't win the big one shit.
I'm just fucking tuning that out.
I talked about that Marshall opportunity
and how big that Bennington save was in the first period.
The reason I said that was because it allowed St. Louis to get the lead,
and when they play with the lead, they're
better than when they're chasing games.
To me, the second biggest save was
off Nordstrom when it was 2-0.
He had a glorious opportunity to make that game
2-1. Binnington robs him
with the right pad. Doc Emmerich
goes banana lands, and
right after that,
they go down and score to make it 3-0.
Shen put it in the back of the net.
On a kind of a similar play by Tarasenko to what Schwartz gave to Petrangelo,
no mistake in the back of the net,
and the game was pretty much over after that, all right?
That's when I know you guys love the Simpsons references.
That's when I tweeted out,
that's game, Hendricks, because fucking that was it, 3-0.
There was no way they were going to score four goals.
Actually, did you see the Vegas Golden Knights tweet? Did you see what they said? Yeah, it was funny. What was it, 3-0. There was no way they were going to score four goals. Actually, did you see the Vegas Golden Knights tweet?
Did you see what they said?
Yeah, it was funny.
What was it?
They need a five-minute power play.
Something referenceable, getting a five-minute power play.
Sorry, I don't have it verbatim, but it was pretty fucking hilarious.
Good timing because it was 3-0.
The pass by Tarasenko, too, like you said, Biz,
just to do the shoulder check and see exactly where everyone is
and then still fire it through I think it was McAvoy's legs the perfect pass and then a one
timer that's a hard pass coming at you and Shen buried that no chance for Tuca on that goal
whatsoever I also thought it was pretty funny my brother said about the second goal at the end of
the first it looked like when you're playing your buddy in like sega nhl 95 and he pauses it and
then you unpause it when he like goes into the other room so his players are just like standing
there as petro angelo just walked in you just saw nobody else moving from the bruins so well
one of my main concerns were the for the bruins was their inability to to kind of stop the offense
from st louis from going below the goal line to high the short i said that i think two podcasts
ago maybe three podcasts ago,
and they've been having a hard time stopping it in game six,
Boston did an incredible job and a big reason why they won that game.
You look at the Schwartz play to pitch that to Petrangelo.
And then you look at the Tarasenko play,
which I believe was below the goal line and then ended up in the back of the
net. A few other, a few other things I have here noted down.
You mentioned St. Louis' commitment to blocking shots,
very similar to what Boston did in Game 6 to St. Louis.
21 block shots for the St. Louis Blues in that Game 7
compared to 7 to the Bruins.
They couldn't get anything through.
And what's crazy about that is Boston still finished with 33 shots on net
compared to St. Louis having 20.
So for those of you who want the Boston fans who just want to bitch
and say it wasn't a good effort, Boston analytically dominated that game.
Bennington showed up, and St. Louis was very timely
and opportunistic with their goals.
Going back to Bennington, he becomes the first rookie goalie
to record 16 wins in the postseason in NHL history.
Patrick Waugh had 15.
Ron Hextall had 15.
So Bennington, another stat to add to his amazing run this year.
Now I want to ask you guys this.
A few people  a decent amount of people online were bitching
at the fact that he did not win the Conn Smythe.
I thought it was a no-brainer it should have went to Ryan O'Reilly.
And I can back that up with Binnington's stats.
He had 25 games played in the postseason, 15 wins, 10 losses,
a 2.52 goals against average, and only a 9-10 save percentage,
which, hey, great numbers, solid goaltending.
He was very hot and cold, but to me, Ryan O'Reilly was the backbone
to that team, and when it mattered the most in the last four games
of this series, he had a goal in each of them.
You mentioned it, Whit, the first guy since Wayne Gretzky to score
in four games, back-to-back-to-back-to-back since Wayne Gretzky in 1985 in four games, back to back to back to back since Wayne Gretzky in 1985,
I thought they picked the right guy.
I couldn't agree more.
I couldn't agree more.
Binnington, you know, yeah, you can throw his name in the mix,
but O'Reilly was their horse.
And he was their horse all year because when they were in last place,
he still was playing.
And he was one of the only guys going early, and he did it all 82.
I don't know if he missed a couple games for injury.
I don't know exactly.
And then he did it in the playoffs i don't know if he missed a couple games for injury i don't know exactly and then he did in the playoff so well deserving for him uh pretty hilarious interview after with scott oak where he just dropped the f-bomb you could tell right away
he's like i'm so amped up so i'm terribly sorry he was like he's so polite after he swore but
yeah it was it was it was the perfect decision i mean you could hear people saying before the game
that win or lose tuka had a chance or could get it.
We haven't seen that since John Sebastian Jaguar with the Ducks
when they lost to the Devils.
You know what, though?
The Bruins now have two just heartbreaking losses
where the Stanley Cup's raised on their home ice.
And there's game six against Chicago in a heartbreaking fashion when they gave up the goals late, quickly together.
I think David Boland got the winner.
And then now game seven at home.
So it's like this core has been so good.
They have a Stanley Cup.
They have two more trips besides the win.
And every year, regular season, they've been deep.
They've been hard to play against.
They've made the playoffs.
They've had good chances.
But in the end, that's a difficult one to swallow.
And if you're looking at the Bruins
roster and you're a fan of their team,
you hope that they can get back next year.
And certainly, they're going to have a really
good team next year. But you know, Tampa's coming back
with heat. You know,
Florida's going to get a lot better. All
the teams in your division, Toronto's going to continue
to get better. So you just don't know when you're
going to get back. So because of that, it's a heartbreaking night for a lot of guys.
Yeah, they had a real chance to put themselves in the annals of Boston Bruins history.
If they win, you know, two cups within a nine-year span going to three of them,
they would have matched what the Barbier Bruins did.
But unfortunately, they couldn't get it done when it mattered most.
And it's interesting, too, because we always talk about quickness and speed
running the league, but the Blues played smash-mouth hockey. Like like i said before they kind of did what the bruins did to
canucks uh eight years ago they just they played hard physical bruising hockey and they they day
to beat them and no one could do it so i mean again hats off to the blues as far as the cons
might i think one guy who probably got some votes consideration is that petrangelo yeah he had an
unreal playoffs i know he set some team records. I had three goals, 16 assists.
Of course, he had the big goal tonight.
And as far as Bennington, yeah, he didn't have conspite numbers,
I don't think.
I mean, he won the fucking game tonight.
He was a monster tonight.
But during the course of the playoffs, he wasn't like, oh, man.
Rask was the overall better goaltender during the entire playoffs.
And that's based on all the numbers.
Absolutely.
So, you know, Bennington was good, but he didn't have, like I said,
consummate numbers if you compare it to past goaltender performances.
And one thing I want to go over is I want to talk about St. Louis, of course.
There's some guys in that lineup that deserve some praise.
Pietrangelo, he gets the Stanley Cup, passed it right to Boehmeister.
17 years in the league.
Healthy scratch for the first time in his career at the
beginning of the year when things weren't going well this guy I remember I lost it when I saw
people online chirping this guy I said fuck you show this guy some respect he doesn't say
bullshit he shows up to work every day the ultimate professional and I'm so happy for him
he finally gets his cup on the other side of that. Devastated for Backus.
Obviously disappointed he didn't get to play
and have his fingerprints on that one.
He wouldn't have cared if they'd won, though.
Right, exactly.
I just feel bad for him because chances are it's difficult
to be on a team to make another run.
I don't know how much longer he's going to play.
Then, of course, after Bomeester gets it, he passes it to Steen,
a guy who's put his blood, sweat, and tears through that organization. He's seen it go
through a few facelifts, too, and he's one of those guys that stuck around, and Doug Armstrong
believed him and thought, you know what, this guy is a part of the solution and not a part of the
problem. After him, Chris Thorburn gets the Stanley Cup. I saw Thorby. I saw him. I played with Chris Thorburn in junior.
An unbelievable guy.
Comes from a wonderful family.
Born in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario.
He was called up partway through the season.
And I just read this online and I was unaware of this.
One of his children has autism.
And in order to get him the NHL insurance package, they called him up.
So he was along for
for a little bit of the season and also Stanley Cup playoffs and and a guy who also was in that
organization loved in that locker room he's bounced around he was in Winnipeg for a bit
he was in Atlanta just a bit of a journeyman but a wonderful teammate I'm so happy that he got to
lift the Stanley Cup and well-deserved.
And then Perron, of course, in his third stint with the St. Louis Blues, he had a great playoff
for them, put up some great numbers, had some timely goals and some timely plays. Then O'Reilly,
Tarasenko, Bozak's another guy, came over from Toronto. You know, when you play in Toronto and
you're dealing with all that pressure,
sometimes hockey's not fun and you lose what the true sight is,
having fun and playing a game and ultimately maybe winning a championship.
And he gets to do it done, another wonderful guy in the locker room.
And I could keep going down the list, but just so many well-deserved guys.
And, Witt, I'm going to pass it off to you, Pat Maroon.
So many well-deserved guys.
And, Witt, I'm going to pass it off to you.
Pat Maroon.
Somebody came after me online tonight about how I was chirping him about how he got screwed or whatnot.
I could read the tweet after you talk about Maroon,
but the point I made was he was in a similar boat to Simmons.
I always want to see guys who have success and put the puck in the back
of the net end up getting their payday.
And after getting 44 goals in the two prior seasons combined, he had 27 and 17,
he probably thought he was going to get a nice three-, four-year deal, maybe 12 over four or even nine over three.
And he kind of got hung out to dry in free agency.
And sure enough, his hometown team ends up offering him a one-year deal
at not a lot of money, not as much as what I thought he was going to get paid.
I'm sure what he thought he was going to get paid.
But he says, fuck it, I'm going to go be with my kid.
I'm going to play for my hometown team.
And he gets to fucking raise a cup.
Local kid brings the cup home.
What a story.
I mean, he'll be forever able to be a part of the St. Louis Blues organization
I mean you know he's gonna be a new Brett Hall yeah exactly Pat Maroon um his teammates love him
so happy for a guy like that and and and to to be able to do that and to be able to be around
his son all year is just so special and I mean he scored that goal double overtime against Dallas
right that's game seven they're not there unless he scored that goal double overtime against Dallas, right? That's game seven.
They're not there unless he gets that goal. That'll be always remembered on this run to the Stanley
Cup. I think it's going to be just an unreal experience for him just for the rest of his life
because he makes it sound like he's going to live in St. Louis forever. I mean, he loves it there.
It is his home. And now he's a Stanley Cup champion and the first time the Blues have ever
won. And then you bring it up. Thorby's awesome. And now he's a Stanley Cup champion and the first time the Blues have ever won.
And then you bring it up, Thorby's awesome.
I remember Thorby coming to Pittsburgh.
Great guy.
Funny in the locker room.
Absolute snout on him too, Biz.
He's a snout, man.
Complete beauty, though.
Long hair forever.
And he's played in the NHL for a long time, playing a role that's not easy.
He's physical.
He's hard to play against.
He'd fight.
So when I saw him get it early, that was
really cool. I had seen him up in the
press box when they showed the Black Ace
type group. I think they showed him
when they showed Barbashev sitting out from
his suspension.
It might have been somebody else. But yeah,
there's so many guys you're happy for. And Steen was the
other one that I was really pumped you brought
up because what a great guy he was
to us biz when we were just there for a minute
and he's done a lot of
great things in the league and he's put his body
out there and his body's going to be fucked up forever
he's one of those guys that he's got
the knee issues, he's got everything where
he's going to get older and be in pain and he doesn't
give one shit because he's a Stanley Cup champion
now. Going back to Thorburn
I was down on the ice after because that's where they do
all the interviews and stuff so I went down I actually told Biz before I wanted to say congratulations to all the chick, I was down on the ice after because that's where they do all the interviews and stuff. So I went down. I actually
told Biz before I wanted to say congratulations
to all the Chiclets guys we had on the show and
give them a little bump or whatever.
Edmondson, Bortuzzo,
local guy, Maroon, and Big Walt.
It was nice checking in with them. But what was cool, you know that
commercial they show when the guys are speechless?
The NHL Cup commercial, no one can say anything.
It was kind of awesome to be in front of
four or five guys and you ask them a question, they're just
struggling for words right in front of you.
It was pretty cool to be part of that.
Dude, the Blues are huge shicklets, guys.
I was strolling on the floor with Instagram
live just to try to bring the scene to
people who might have been falling at home.
Every fucking five feet, I was getting a
chicklet shout out. Thanks for all
the love from the Blues and all the fans who were on the ice.
Caruso got his cup as a boy.
Well, I'm going to be harassing him
to get all these guys on the podcast
to talk about this party experience.
Another moment we have to mention
is Pareko, who is a stud in this play.
That guy's a beast.
Layla, the girl who was going through chemo treatment,
who was able to travel and go to Boston in order to watch Game 7,
she got down on the ice.
And I believe Pareko is her favorite player because she has 55 on her jean jacket.
He brought the cup over to her.
She got to lift it and kiss it.
So a very special moment there.
Grinelli, you ended up tweeting it out on your personal account,
on the Chicklets account.
So if you haven't seen the video, go check it out.
And I'm just going to roll through a few more guys.
Schwartz, he's been there a while.
He had a great playoff.
Edmondson, Bertuzzo, Bobby, you know Bertuzzo.
And even the guys at the bottom of the list who ended up touching the cup last,
like the Dunns, the Sundquist, the Barbashevs, Sanford,
who had an uh stanley
cup final round uh one getting inserted into the uh into the playoffs there and uh blaze who had
a great four check on the first goal that was scored tonight by o'reilly and then of course
thomas so congratulations to everyone fabri all the boys uh very cool that they ended up selling
out uh their their arena and also got i think 25, 25,000 seats sold to the Bush Stadium.
So that's how many people were back in St. Louis watching.
It was a line, I think, to get in there.
Even the bar in Philadelphia, I can't think of the name of the bar.
It's not coming to me right now.
They had a viewing party outside of it,
so I'm sure they're still partying there.
Very special moment for that entire fan base, all their alumni,
all the people involved in the organization and the city itself.
So congratulations.
Anything you guys have left to talk about regarding the Blues?
No, just a crazy story.
We'll remember that one.
We'll remember that one forever.
So it's great to see a team finally get there first.
I think that's pretty cool.
I got one more crazy one, and I'm going to read it off.
It was a tweet.
Blues better Scott A. Berry won.
So you can check him out on Twitter.
Had these offers for his 100,000 ticket, a 400 bet at 250 to 1 odds.
This was back when they were struggling in last place.
In game one, he was offered 41,000 for his ticket.
Said nope.
In game two, after they dropped game one, he was offered 28,000.
Said nope.
Game three.
Well, right.
Game three, he was offered 48,000.
Said no.
After game five, he was offered 38,000.6.
Said no.
After game six, he was offered 75,000.6. Said no. After game six, he was offered 75,000.
Take it.
Nope.
Said nope.
Game set before game seven, 36,500.
Said nope.
Ends up winning 100,000.
So congratulations to him.
What a ballsy bet.
Did he, like, need the money or is he loaded?
You know what?
I don't know.
He seems like just an average Joe.
He was interviewed by JR before the game, and he just said know what i don't know he seems like just an average joe he was
interviewed by jr before the game and he just said no that's my team i made the bet and then i'm a
diehard fan so i'm gonna live and die by the sword now r.a you had a nice little uh futures bet on
them i did i did i i didn't lose anything tonight i actually made a few thousand dollars uh back
during the third round uh i i didn't know who I was going to hedge because Colorado and St. Louis was still alive.
And I says, I'm going to throw it on St. Louis.
I threw 1,000 on him at plus 550.
So I made about 5,500.
Plus I held some action to a guy who bet the Bruins with me.
I held his bet.
So I ended up making about 8,000 on the cup.
So that's why I'm not crying in my bed too much over here.
If I can turn a nice profit.
Also, dude, Sanford, he's a local kid.
He's a Massachusetts guy from Salem.
So that was pretty cool for him to score a Stanley Cup goal in front of a home crowd.
Portnoy, Al Perez's buddy, Elio, he made 100,000 off the game.
He bet St. Louis beginning of the year 33-1, and he didn't hedge at all.
He just let it ride the whole time.
He didn't consider hedging.
So shout out to Elio.
That was a pretty ballsy move that he made.
Also, Larry Robinson, I saw him on the ice. I didn't talk to him, but literally that guy's
been torturing me on Causeway Street for 40 years because he was on the Canadians when they used to
dummy the Bruins. And here it is 40 years later, he's beating the Bruins again in a different
uniform. And one last note too, I was bouncing around, you know, talking to guys on the ice and
stuff. I seen Andy Cohen from Watch What Happens Live,
the dude on Bravo.
My wife's a huge fan.
I'm a fan too because my wife watches all the time.
But I went over to chat him up a little,
but he totally gave that vibe like,
nah, I'm all  he totally didn't want nothing to do with me.
He answered one question, so I didn't even bug him to ask him for a picture.
I could tell you he wanted nothing to do with me.
But whatever, I tried to get it from my old lady.
If you were handsome like Whit, he would have tried to suck your weens.
Guys, I was just checking my old account,
and I drunkenly placed a bet on the St. Louis Blues to win the 2019 Stanley Cup,
40 to win 600, and looks like I won, boys.
Get the fuck out of here.
I actually just checked for the first time.
I'll send you guys a screenshot of it now.
Oh, I mean, I also bet on the Bruins, the Sharks, the Maple Leafs,
the Lightning, the Predators, the Blackhawks, and the every team,
the league and the Sabres.
So I bet on every team, but 600 bucks.
Not a big deal.
Comes in handy.
That's going to be gone in two days after he bets the fucking Boston Red
Sox to win the U.S. Open. The guy he bets is going to be gone in two days after he bets the fucking Boston Red Sox to win the World Series.
He's going to bet the U.S. Open. The guy he bets
is going to break his shoulder on the third hole.
He's going to bet the U.S. Women's Olympic
team to score 17 goals and
celebrate every single one of them.
You guys want to
talk about that a little bit?
I love how
online people are like,
goal differential matters, as if that's the issue that people have.
Some people are so fucking stupid.
It's unbelievable.
Listen, I don't care if you win 20-0.
I think it's ridiculous if you're doing scissor kick celebrations
when it's 9-0 with, like, 10 minutes left.
Come on, you're playing one of the worst countries in the world.
Like, I don't know, is that just ridiculous or am I crazy?
I don't know. I think people are people just gonna fucking complain no matter what i mean some of those girls never played on that
stage before like what are they supposed to suppress a celebration well morgan had five
talks she's counting them on the on the celebrating i i don't know whatever i think i don't mind
celebrating your 13th goal when you're up 13 nothing when there's like five minutes left i don't know i understand like people thinking it's kind of classless to be up that much and score
that many goals and still celebrate but in the end my mate my main opinion is if you don't want
them celebrating don't let them score right we're also not talking about the nfl here we're talking
about they have to let in a certain amount of teams.
The difference in quality of team between them and the 32nd.
Yeah, but you can say you're not talking about the NFL,
but like you're talking about the biggest tournament in women's soccer.
It's like it's as big as it gets.
I mean, I know that the whole thing, the whole,
the whole outrage thing I just thought was a little ridiculous. And then I saw a lot of Canadian outrage and then a little tee up of the
Canadian women's team hockey beating slip,
like women's Slovakia,
17 Cobb.
So I think,
right.
But once again,
the point is,
is they weren't celebrating the 17th goal.
They were just going to line up at the face-off
and were barely raising their hands.
That's the issue.
So you're being one of those Munsons online that's arguing the wrong point.
I don't care how
Well, no, I'm arguing my point.
What do you mean?
Well, what I'm saying is I don't have an issue with them scoring 1,000 goals.
The problem I have is with them doing
You're only mad about the Cellys.
It's ridiculous.
You're doing
scissor kicks like smiling like you just won the championship like it's like the game's over
it's over it's you're you're slaughtering a team who shouldn't even be in the tournament but they
have to fill the the 32 team roster or the 32 team uh whatever I'll be I'll be pretty honest
that uh I think because it's team USA, I'm just like, I love them.
If it was Team Canada Hockey celebrating the 10th goal against France
or something, I'd be like, guys, just fucking line up, you clowns.
Now, a lot of people are trying to go make it a Canadian and American thing
because of what happened at the Raptors thing.
But there's donkey fans on every sport.
Every team has donkey fans.
There was people celebrating Durant's injury.
Stupid.
Don't let them basically, how do I say this, represent an entire fan base.
It was fucking stupid.
Let's just get over it.
Can we please retire fucking calling cities classy or fans classy?
Like you just said, Biz, there are fucking assholes in every fan base.
Some cities might have a little more than other cities,
but the Toronto Tavern is full of them.
The Toronto Tavern, they're everywhere.
Oh, God.
You guys want to talk about this quickly?
That's one of the funniest things in the world.
I can't believe that there's people out there that actually thought that.
So we have to describe it so there's there's a a meme out there of when england scored a big goal in the
world cup two years ago and it's at this bar and it's on a big screen and the fucking people in the
bar go absolutely nuts so people started uh superimposing different videos for it to to make
it funny so barstool obviously did it like a Canadian bar celebrating the Durant injury,
which, remember, it's a satire, but Canadian people did celebrate his injury.
That's a fact.
There was a decent amount of guys on the floor that the camera saw,
like legit standing up cheering.
And there was a viewing party in Montreal where they were chanting,
fuck KD, like it happened. So Barstool just joked around about it and all these canadians were
getting sensitive it's just like fuck you this actually happened and now they're just making
light of the situation now a lot of people didn't realize that the video had been going around for
the last two years because apparently they've never been on the internet because i've seen that
that exact meme with 10 different things
superimposed the funniest one being the dvd thing bouncing around and when it changes colors
hey but it's like you it's like your grandparents like trying to explain things to them these people
on twitter who don't and the people who write in like it was actually at night you could tell
there's light in the in the windows and Portnoy's like, yeah, they have light-enhancing windows.
It's just like, this is just probably.
So a lot of people hate Portnoy because I think they just don't understand
that everything he does on Twitter is trolling.
That's it.
Take very minimal of what he says seriously unless he's defending Robert Kraft
getting tugged off in a massage parlor.
Yeah, the best is when he doubles down and people just still don't get it.
And then someone actually created a Twitter account, the Toronto Tavern.
I don't know if it was someone at Boston, so then they tweeted Dave,
so then Dave would retweet them, and then people would be like,
there's no such thing as the Toronto Tavern.
Yeah, and everyone who knows it's fakes, like, no, I was there.
I was at the Toronto Tavern last night.
Everybody was cheering.
That was definitely there, and it happened.
How about that picture of Petrangelo, by the way,
with the fireworks going off
behind him? That's an insane
picture. To have that forever?
Oh my God.
Was that the first time they busted out fireworks
with the cup? I don't remember
it ever before. I didn't really
like it at the time, but now seeing this picture
I do. At the time, I was like, what is this?
It's like giving out the Champions League
trophy in soccer. I feel like there would be...
Hey, what if all of a sudden he
caught fire?
He's like, ah, fuck!
His jersey burns. They were going to put it in the Hall of Fame.
Shit, fuck!
That was actually the fifth time I've seen the cup
handed out in person. I've been to five
cup clinches. Pretty cool.
It's tough to see.
I mean, all right.
Does this one, is this worse than 13?
Is it just like, or you can't even really compare?
Marshawn said it was worse, and it stung worse after the game.
Honestly, I felt a lot worse in 13.
I don't know if it's because of chicklets,
and I kind of have a different approach to how I approach the league
because, you know, we're a fucking league podcast.
But I definitely felt a lot worse in 13.
I don't know if maybe it was the suddenness of it.
But, yeah, game seven, I would have thought I'd be more pissed off.
But I think it was just the fucking  the Blues just beat them.
The Blues were better than them tonight.
They got the lead.
They sat on it.
It wasn't like it was an overtime game.
I said to Biz earlier in the game,
I would rather lose this way than losing triple overtime.
Yeah, that's for sure.
Just a slow death.
But I just wanted an exciting game.
And it really did remind me of the Patriots Super Bowl win.
Well, speaking of.
Unless you're a fan of the team who wins it, it was kind of boring.
Well, speaking of overtime games, 16 times in NHL history
has there been a game seven in the Stanley Cup Finals.
Only two have finished in overtime.
In 1954, Detroit beat Montreal 2-1 in overtime.
And in 1950, Detroit beat the New York Rangers in the second overtime.
So both times, Detroit winning in a Game 7 overtime.
Wings got a lot of history.
Oh, Biz, I found that tweet from Vegas.
It said, Bruins need a five-minute power play
with, like, those eyes looking sideways,
like knowing they're being fucking jokesters.
But that's pretty funny.
It takes a little dig at everybody.
Hey, boys, should we go to our guests?
We have Alex DeBrinckit, Chicago Blackhawk,
40-goal scorer last season.
He was a great interviewer, one of these young stars in the NHL
that had an awesome year last year. What's your take,
Biz? Well, just very humble,
very nice. No kill stories,
guys. Don't get all worked up. I think you're
going to be hearing about someone sniffing
counters and fucking having a good time in
Vegas. But this guy, very dedicated
to his craft, doesn't drink much.
A lot of respect for this young guy.
Very undersized.
Some funny stories, one of which
McDavid teed me up for, and I think that one started the interview.
So I hope you guys enjoy and take it over, Alex.
This interview is brought to you by CaniBrands, your trusted source for quality cannabis and
CBD products that support a healthier, more active lifestyle.
CaniBrands has a selection of all natural products to help you feel amazing
all day and all night long. One of the best ways to feel healthier, happier, and increase performance
is to optimize your downtime. But so many of us have trouble unwinding and an even harder time
getting a really good night's sleep. Well, it no longer has to be this way. You can re-energize
with the kind of true relaxation and quality sleep that unlocks your potential every day. Can I sleep? One of Can I
brand's most popular CBD products, it's a calming, highly effective, all natural sleep aid that
works to release the day's built up anxiety and restore your natural sleep cycle. With two
different formulations in a sublingual oil
and a delicious oral spray, there's a Can I Sleep formulation that can help you relax before sleep,
fall asleep, and stay asleep so you'll wake up refreshed and feeling amazing. To find out which
Can I Sleep formulation is perfect for you and explore the whole range of can I brands active lifestyle
products, visit us at canibrands.com. That's C-A-N-I-B-R-A-N-D-S.com. And of course, use your
biz 20 promo code for 20 off. And before we kick it to the interview, I almost forgot to mention
Braden Shen and his brother Luke was in the building as well tonight. Congratulations to
them and their family.
And I hope you're partying in Saskatchewan and enjoy this interview.
Our next guest is one of the NHL's bright young stars.
This 21-year-old Chicago Blackhawk had 41 goals last season,
just his second in the league.
Only five players had more.
He also became the second youngest Blackhawk to tally 40 after Jeremy Roenick.
In 164 games, he already has 69
goals to go along with 59 assists
for 128 points. Good for a
pretty nice.78 points per game average.
He's also repped the U.S. internationally
at the World Junior and World Championships.
Thanks for joining us on Spittin' Chicklet.
Alex DeBrinckit.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Absolutely. And Alex, this is Biz.
I did as I normally do, and I text out for some feelers of guys you've played with
to get a little dirt on you.
And I got an unbelievable story from Connor McDavid,
and this is a great way to end up in this interview.
He's like, oh, no, fuck.
So after Connor's second year junior, he'd lost his big boy wingers.
And, you know, he probably fucking helped these guys score 50 each,
and he was losing them.
And Cherry Basson comes up to him after the season, and he goes,
I think I found you a winger.
And Connor's like, yeah, yeah, let's see, Cherry.
Which is funny because Connor kind of gives a slightly cocky edge
to the story of him saying, yeah, right, you're going to find someone capable enough to play with me.
So there ended up being an orientation at the far end of that season,
and you were there.
You ended up showing up, and he said he sat at a table with you,
and he's looking across the table at this kid who's 5'4", 140 pounds,
and he's thinking to himself, how the fuck is this guy gonna play in this league
let alone on my line another unreal cocky line by connor and and sure shit he went out to bass and
he goes are you sure and he goes and he said i'm sure and you ended up playing the next year and
scoring 51 fucking goals on his line and sure shit sherry basson was right yeah uh i I remember Connor saying that story a few times where he's like,
there's no way this guy can do anything.
But, I mean, I feel like anyone can really play with him.
So, he can give you the puck and, you know,
he'll let anyone score 50 goals with him.
So, I think I got lucky being placed with him.
And it was a good time that I made.
I'm wondering, you know, I like to represent college hockey on here a lot.
You're an American kid.
How did you end up going to the OHL,
or was it all about the chance to play with McDavid?
Was there any thought about going NCAA?
Yeah, actually, I was committed to UMass Amherst for a little bit.
Ooh, party school.
UMass Amherst for a little bit.
Party school.
Yeah, and I ended up going to Lake Forest Academy my sophomore year in high school.
That's where Sherry Bassin saw me.
He came down to the locker room after one game and was kind of like,
you want to play with Nick David?
It's hard to turn that down, right? So I thought about it for a little bit,
and probably like a month or a month and a half later, I signed there.
So the rest is history.
It was definitely one of the best decisions I've made in my life,
and obviously when you get to go to a team with McDavid, Strom,
you could go down the list.
We had Baptiste, McDermott.
There were so many guys, andy ellie that we played with so it was um a great team and um definitely fun start to my ohl crew
you play with curtis curtis mcdermott was he as scary and junior as he was when i played with him
in the american hockey league oh my god this guy's nuts. On the ice, he's so scary.
In practice, I didn't even
want to go against him. He's nuts.
But this year,
playing against him, you get that
same feeling. Please don't put me out
against him.
He's a great guy off the ice. So nice.
So down to earth. And it's funny
when you go out there,
he just wants to kill people.
It's funny.
So Biz goes through the story of Rudy coming to the Erie Otters,
that Rudy paying you, and you get 51, right?
And then everyone's like, oh, my God, kid's unbelievable,
but he's playing with McDavid.
51, yeah, that's great, but I don't know.
Well, the next year, McDavid wasn't there anymore, and you got 51 again.
You're now thinking, I got 102 fucking goals in my first two years of the O,
the draft's coming up.
How the hell am I not going to go in the first round, right?
Is that what you're thinking, or did you know going in,
I'm probably not going to be a first-round pick?
It was kind of half and half.
I think a lot of the draft board had me going late first and
a lot had me going like relatively early second so um it was kind of up in the air i felt like
there was like a huge range i could have went in so um i was ready the first day but it didn't uh
happen that way but uh that was probably one of the best things that happened to me too i think
um you know being able to to i mean people say drop but i don't know if that was the right word then but
um to the hawks at 39 it was uh an unbelievable day and um i mean such a great organization for
me to go into i think they play my style of hockey and um it's worked out pretty well
alex another thing that connor told me was that the London Knights
were after you as well at the same time as the Erie Otters.
Now, I'm shocked to hear that they were outbid
or did the factor that you were going to get to McDavid
play a huge role in not taking the money in London?
Yeah, that's a big factor.
I think being able to to play on such great team and I know
London has a lot of great teams too but I don't think London was as interested as Jerry when I
was talking to Jerry Bass and he you know really seemed interested and kind of I felt like he had
my best interest at heart so I think it was a good decision for me to go there.
And before I throw it over to R.A.,
for all those people freaking out that are London Knights fans,
I'm just still bitter about the year that they had that stacked team.
It was my last year in the OHL,
and there was no way that anyone was going to win the league
other than the London Knights.
So the payment jokes, all jokes.
And they'll never end.
Please don't quote Debrinkin on saying he turned down money from the London
Knights.
Thank you.
Alex, I know you said you were thrilled to be taken by the Blackhawks,
as anyone would be.
But were you a little bit even pissed off that you went at 39 and did it put
like another chip on your shoulder perhaps?
Yeah, I think.
I mean, it's obviously tough sitting through the whole first round. Did it put another chip on your shoulder, perhaps? Yeah, I think.
It's obviously tough sitting through the whole first round.
It's like a three-hour night of just sitting and waiting.
It's pretty tough to sit through that.
There's a lot of emotions that day.
You're excited to be there, but you're also nervous and worried.
That was a tough first night.
But when I saw Chicago, they kind of weren't really  I went to dinner with them a few times.
But before, they only had a third-round pick,
and I think they got a second-round pick that
like the day before the draft started.
So they weren't really on my radar to start.
Turns out they ended up getting me, which was unbelievable.
So it was definitely a stressful two days, but it worked out well for me.
Do you think there's ever going to be a time when NHL front offices
get past the size bias that still goes on 30 years after Theo Fleury played?
Yeah, I think it's kind of already starting i think um you know 10 years ago there's
no way i would even run in the second round so um it's it's funny to look at that and um i guess
this uh cole caulfield guy is supposed to be pretty good so he might crack the top 10 so i've
heard so um you know it's good to see him being able to have that success and people giving him
credit and um you know i'm sure there's still people saying he might not being able to have that success and people giving him credit. And, you know,
I'm sure there's still people saying he might not be able to do it with his
size, but you know,
I think he's rated a lot higher than most of us little guys would be rated.
It's funny you bring his name up because I'm sure he's a guy that looks at you
and the two seasons you've had at the, at the national league level.
And I'm like, Whoa, I can, I mean, if he can do it,
I believe that I can too.
I mean, size really isn't stopping him at all.
And he also is a USA Hockey product.
And that's another question.
We're going into some, you know, going into the second round of the draft.
I'm not going to say heartbreaking, but upsetting.
And then the other issue was getting cut from the World Junior Team,
one of the most shocking decisions I've ever seen from USA Hockey.
Take me through your mindset when you got that news
that year while you're leading the OHL in scoring. That was a little tough. I think
playing the year before, I kind of like going into camp, but usually guys don't get cut the
second year. So it wasn't a lock. I knew I wasn't a lock, but I think it was pretty tough for me to take.
So I ended up getting cut with Logan Brown, who was 11th overall,
I think, in my draft too.
So he's a pretty good player, and he got cut too.
So it was tough to take, but I think  I mean, they have to make their decisions.
If I'm not what they want, it is what it is.
I think it kind of helped me throughout the rest of the year.
I can go back to the Otters and kind of, you know,
keep working for that championship.
So I think, I mean, they ended up winning gold.
Sorry, that's my dog.
They ended up winning gold.
We've had babies crying on this podcast.
We've had it all, buddy.
Don't worry about your dog.
Yeah, but they won gold. We've had babies crying on this podcast. We've had it all, buddy. Don't worry about your dog. Yeah.
But they won gold, so I guess they made the right decision.
The old-time rules quote.
Can't really take them too much, but, I mean, yeah, it sucked at the time,
but in the long run, it was probably what's best for them,
and we, I think, got to go back and help the Otters a little bit earlier than expected.
I talked to Stromer as well.
He says you're not much of a drinker and, in fact,
the only time you've ever been drunk is when you won the OHL Championship
with the Erie Otters.
Is that correct?
Yeah, pretty much, yeah.
That's a no.
Any particular reason or you just,
you're so focused on hockey and you just don't see a need for it in your life?
Uh, I don't really see a need for it. I think, um, you know, I, I can think I can,
I don't know if everyone else thinks that, but I think I have a good time when I'm sober. So no point to, to that and um I don't know I just don't really like
it I think it's uh you know just a choice I guess I made and obviously if uh to win again that would
be a different story and I think we'd have some fun but uh I don't really find a need for it
during the season there um even during training over the summer there's not much appeal to me
kind of seems like there's a little bit of a movement
as the more and more hockey moves on,
that there's less and less drinkers because of how competitive it is.
Now, Stromer said for whatever you don't drink in alcohol,
you make up in eating candy.
He said he's never seen anyone eat as much sugar as you.
Yeah, I'm sure he did say that.
He said there's never been a meal without ice cream ordered at the end of it yeah i do like my ice cream uh maybe not every meal but most nights i think
uh he's not wrong i do like my sweets so i think you give and take you know some guys don't like
sweets and they can drink all they want but i'll take the sweets over the beer well we're talking
sweets and we sent out the flair
to the Spittin' Chicklets fans about we're interviewing Debrinket.
What do you got?
Somebody said to ask about your pregame donuts in Erie.
Was that a thing for you?
Yeah.
One of my buddies, Kyle Maximovich,
the media room always had Tim Horton's donuts.
I think it was actually our rookie year.
We kind of just like would run over there before we played sewer and grab a
donut. And we both played pretty well at night.
So it kind of just went on and we did it all three years we were there.
So pretty, pretty funny thing that happened, but you know,
I would never do that anymore. I don't think I would feel too good.
I'm the last guy who's going to shame anybody about a sweet tooth,
but getting to your first camp, you made the Hawks right out of camp, Alex.
What was your first I belong in the NHL moment?
Was it making the team out of camp?
Was it your first goal?
What moment was you like, all right, man, I belong in this league.
I should be here.
That's a tough question.
I think maybe even until my second year,
I was kind of like, obviously I had the confidence my first year
and I knew I could play, but, you know,
there was always that chance of being sent down.
So I was pretty worried my whole first year about being sent down
at different times if I had a bad game or something.
But I think maybe the beginning of last year I was like I can I can do this I can
you know produce every night and kind of be one of those players that can can come in and make a
difference so um obviously everyone wants to be that player but um takes a lot of a lot of work
and um I don't think I'm quite there yet but i want to you know be a
little bit better and um help the team win now your rookie year of course you played for joel
quenville who's going to be in the hall of fame someday did you ever find yourself in his dog
house as a rookie and if so were you kind of shitting your pants about getting sent down even
if you were having personal success um yeah i mean obviously there's a lot of decisions that
go into sending someone down
we didn't have such a great year so um i thought maybe you know just to change something up i'd be
down so um i'm sure i was in his doghouse at one point i mean a few bad games or something but um
you know he was he was great to me he was a great coach and um i really enjoyed playing with him he you're playing for him he's um
obviously one of the best coaches ever so it was fun to to be a part of that and um you know he was
always wanting to get me better he's talking to me in practice and trying to improve my game so um
he was great to me alex um you were in Erie with Connor your first year,
and then, of course, you ended up playing with Stromer
and gaining some chemistry in junior.
He ends up getting traded over from Arizona to you guys.
How awesome was it having one of your good buddies on the team again,
and how long did it take you to get that chemistry back
that you guys had in junior?
Oh, yeah, it was awesome.
I remember he called me it was a pretty
late trade he called me at like 10 30 at night and was like i just got traded i was like like
where like obviously i thought he was just calling me to say he got traded and turns out he's coming
to chicago i was pretty pumped and that's um you can see you can probably see the chemistry the
first practice.
I don't think we were together right away,
but just in those small little drills after practice,
you could see chemistry was still there.
I think it probably took a game or two to get it fully back,
but I think we worked pretty well together.
It's a lot of fun playing with him, and it's great to have him back.
While also talking junior, I'd love to know if you have any memories of certain games or a game McDavid had when you were just like,
oh, my God, this is beyond anything else.
I'm sure it might have happened a couple times,
but anything in particular you stick out?
Yeah, it seems like every game he was doing something like that,
but I think he only didn't have a point in two games that whole year.
So it was pretty amazing to watch.
But he had, I think, conference finals.
We were playing the Sioux Greyhounds, and I think he had four or five points,
maybe even six, I'm not sure.
But he was just so dominant and pretty much led us to the finals that year.
Unfortunately, we lost that year, but he was a great leader for us,
and obviously he's one of the best players in the world,
so he was really carrying our team,
and I think he had a stupid amount of points in that playoff,
so it was definitely fun to watch,
and there's a lot of jaw-breaking moments.
So, Brinkett, here's your chance to get Connor back.
In those two games, he didn't have points.
Was he poopy pants in the locker room after the game?
And were the boys giving him a hard time?
Or is he a little sensitive when he didn't  he didn't found he produced enough?
Hey, tough night, Connor.
Tough night, buddy.
I don't know if anyone was saying that, but I'm sure he was pretty upset.
I think both games were actually versus the Niagara Ice Dogs,
and I think me and our other lineman both had like two points,
so somehow he stayed off the sheet.
I don't know how, but it's pretty funny because it was against the same team, and You see how he just holds himself to such a high standard
and expects to play well every game.
I mean, his bad game is everyone else's best game.
So it's tough for him not to get points, I'm sure.
Going back to Coach Q for a second, when he was fighting,
was the whole room in shock or was there some indication that might happen?
Was it completely out of the blue?
What was that situation like?
I was pretty shocked, honestly.
I thought it was still pretty early in the season.
I mean, it is what it is.
I thought we started off the season pretty well,
and we kind of took a little bit of a decline there.
It was a shock to me. I think it was a shock to a lot of different guys and um you know it's tough for those guys
that would play for him for 11 10 or 11 years that that have to go on to a new coach and um
you know a different style but uh I mean it was like I said it is what it is. And he was great to me and he was obviously great for the team,
but I think it was time.
And Jeremy Colleton is obviously a great coach too.
He kind of, after he came in, I think after the All-Star break,
we were a really good team and kind of got ourselves a little bit back into
contention. And I mean, he's fun to play for too.
I think he gets
it and um you know he's a definitely a good coach and has a bright future so for most um i'll say
guys your age maybe a little bit older but a lot of those those people growing up they just they
love sydney crosby that's their favorite player was was that the same case for you or was there
another player in the league you kind of idolized or looked up to when you were younger uh yeah i definitely like sydney crosby i think uh
he was definitely fun to watch i think growing up in detroit we kind of had that finals rivalry with
the penguins for a while so um he wasn't my favorite player at that time but um i loved
watching him and he turned out to be my favorite
player for a little bit and um obviously like watching Patrick Kane when I was growing up he
was uh unbelievable to to watch and um but my favorite player for my my whole um childhood was
probably Pavel Dotsuk I I think he was a really skilled guy
and could definitely play with the puck pretty well.
So he was fun to watch too.
So you were a Wings fan?
Yeah, I was.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, God, that's awkward.
Whit wants to hang up now.
How are you?
Yeah, Wings to Chicago, it's a little different but uh it was easy for me to
change um early on with jeremy call it and obviously people were still furious about the
fact that they fired quinville to you you know maybe what are some of the things that he did
differently and that's not to say that quinville didn't do them properly but that you like the
most as him as a head coach was it maybe in-game adjustments the way he shuffles the line maybe how
how easy is on the player he seems like a player style type coach yeah he's uh he's a good
communicator i think he's uh he's gonna tell you how it is and um you know if you have any questions
you can go you know talk to him right away so i think uh that's what i like he's an open book and um you know what he's thinking
at all times so it's you know you know what he wants from you and it's kind of a lot easier than
um not like q didn't do this but it's just easier to um you know know what's expected and um you
know kind of your role with the team alex you're going into the last year of your entry year deal.
You're coming off a 40-goal campaign.
Lately, we've seen the league sort of trending away from the so-called bridge deals.
How much of that is on your mind going into the season?
Is it like kind of dwelling on you a little bit?
You kind of put all the contract stuff to the back burner.
How do you deal with that going into the season?
I mean, you're thinking about it a little bit.
I think once the season starts, if there's no deal done,
then maybe I'll  I think it'll be a little bit easier to put on the back burner.
But in the summer, it's kind of, you know, everyone's signing
and stuff's happening.
So it's more relevant.
But, I mean, it is  if it happens this summer, it does.
And if it doesn't, then it's okay and we'll move on from there.
But, I mean, I'm hoping to stay in Chicago for a long time.
And I love living here, love playing here.
And it's obviously a great place to be.
So you think about it every once in a while.
But for me, I'm not too worried at this point.
And even though you had them once the year,
was there anything the Blackhawks told you you had to work on to come,
coming into the next season?
I think, I mean, yeah, definitely.
There's a lot of things I can work on,
but I think my defensive game was something they want me to get better at.
And I think just as a team and a whole, as a whole,
they want us all to get better at it.
I mean, we gave up a lot of goals last year,
and that was kind of what kept us from the playoffs, I think.
So, you know, for me personally, it's something I need to get better at
to have team success and maybe more personal success.
So I think everyone's going to try to bear down on that next season
and hopefully we
can make a run i have one more question this one's actually from uh from uh dylan strome and this is
before we throw it over to some fan questions from twitter he said ask him who his favorite
centerman he's ever played with this he's played with some decent ones eichel mcdavid tase larkin
and of course uh dylan strome so this a tough answer here. You got to be careful.
I'm going to go political answer. I feels coming up.
I think I'm going to go with McDavid. I think
he's a great player, obviously.
Just because Stromer said that that question i probably won't say
him but there there are a lot of centers i play with they're great but um you know it's tough to
beat mcdavid i think he does everything full speed and and um so great so i'm gonna leave
dill at the bottom of that one for a while. Okay, we're going to turn to some Twitter questions from our fans.
Somebody asked about your time at Caxi of Lake Forest Academy.
What's that?
Oh, the Caxi was our, like, mascot.
So Lake Forest Academy was the school I went to my sophomore year.
It's actually in Chicago, or in Lake Forest, Illinois,
but it's like 45 minutes outside of Chicago.
So all my friends from there are Blackhawks fans.
So kind of funny that happened.
I got drafted here.
It's cool to be reconnected with a lot of them
and hang out with them a good amount.
All right, so what's up for the summer?
I mean, are you living in Chicago?
Are you back home?
And are you training with any other NHL guys?
Or are you on your own?
Yeah, I'm still in Chicago.
I'm training with our trainer here.
And there's a few of the guys that stayed back.
Connor Murphy stayed back.
Dylan Strom stayed here.
Jonathan Taze is working out with us.
Pretty good group.
Just kind of stay here.
Like I said, it's a great place to live.
Summers are pretty cool here.
No point
to go home.
Through Twitter, I found
out you went to the UFC fight
yesterday, which was Saturday night
in Chicago. What was that like and are
you a big UFC fan I'm not a big UFC fan that was the first fight I've ever been to but uh it was
really cool it was uh different it's kind of crazy how they can just beat up each other wail on each
other and then like hug right after the fight I thought thought that was interesting and pretty crazy how strong
and fast they are. I think that was
definitely a cool experience for me.
Yeah, I would
definitely go again. It was pretty fun.
Alex, what's the dumbest thing a team has ever said to you
regarding your size?
Stand up.
Well, that's a tough one. I don know yeah there's uh pretty much everything's about my
height at this point i feel like um like do you mean like through the combine or or like actually
someone chirping me and either or i suppose well one of the questions on Twitter was regarding what's the hardest question you got
or message about your size from a scout at either the combine or before the draft?
Honestly, my combine was pretty basic questions.
I think they're asking me if I could think I could play in the NHL
and if I believed my size wasn't an issue.
Sick question.
That was pretty much the hardest.
Yeah, that was pretty much the hardest one I had.
So they were pretty simple and pretty easy to answer.
And my dad's for a trip on the ice.
Yeah, I think probably stand up is said a lot.
You know, there's some other things
maybe I shouldn't say but
that's pretty much it
alright well
we thank you so much and I think for anyone
listening you're an easy
guy to root for we appreciate you
coming on answering all these questions and I will
say whether it happens
this July or next
july you're going to be a very rich man alex you're going to be very rich man so i'm happy
for you and i hope next year goes better for the team in chicago but uh continue to success
individually and all the goal scoring you've had a crazy ability to do so thanks a lot for coming
on the podcast well thanks for having me guys appreciate it and alex we can do a bonus round right now what's your funniest patrick kane story
he's like oh fuck i got away with it i don't know i don't i feel like i don't have any more
his hey there it is that's all we needed buddy you're like i missed the legend of
bk and off the ice yeah he doesn't drink anymore so he's he's pretty much the sober one with me
uh at the bars and stuff so um yeah i wasn't here for any really good stories i'd say
all right finally uh last question then what's your favorite ice cream?
Uh,
I'm pretty simple.
I like chocolate,
chocolate,
chocolate,
roll up,
just chocolate to bring it.
Jesus.
I'm a simple guy.
That's pre-crime.
All right,
buddy.
Well,
thanks for coming on.
And if you can think of any of those Patty Kane stories,
you just send me a text and I'll secondhand storytell it on the pod.
That interview was also brought to you by SeatGeek. Buying tickets can be complicated
and confusing, but there is a simpler way to buy with SeatGeek. SeatGeek is the smartest,
easiest way to get tickets for every type of live event. Whether you're catching your favorite
musician on tour, like the Stones next month, shopping for the perfect gift for Father's Day,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team.
Not anymore.
Season's over.
But next year, use SeatGeek because they help you find the best seats
at the best prices fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
As I say all the time, I've had the SeatGeek app on my phone for years. It's by far the easiest way I shop for tickets. I can be anywhere,
couple taps, boom, I find the seats I want. If I want to spend a lot of bucks, try to press the
old lady, I'll do that. If I want to be a cheapo and take one of the boys, I can do that as well.
The Seat Geek finds every level of ticket you want to spend, every price, boom, they tell you
how much they are. Every purchase is also fully guaranteed, so you can shop for tickets on SeatGeek with full
confidence. So make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater. Best of all, our listeners get 10 off their first
SeatGeek purchase. Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek.
Right seat, right now, right from your phone.
And big thanks once again to Chicago Blackhawk, Alex the Brinket.
Nice kid.
Enjoyed talking to him.
And, man, 41 goals, the second fucking year in the league.
You got to wonder what the ceiling is for that kid.
But, Biz, what do you got?
You got some news and notes for us over there, buddy?
Yeah, I was going to say the Blues are the second team in NHL history to win the Stanley Cup with a losing home record.
They were 6-7 at home.
A consolation prize for the Boston Bruins for you and G.
Are you a Boston Bruins fan wit, per se, or are you more Detroit Red Wings?
Why would I be a Red Wings fan?
I thought you said you grew up in
Yeah, I loved the Eisenman.
I mean, I don't know.
I'm not really a fan anymore of the Bruins.
I guess I was growing up, but I've said before I liked players.
I don't know.
I'm into the Bruins just because everyone around me likes them,
but especially now doing the show and having played, it's just so different, I think. I don't know. I mean, I'm into the Bruins just because everyone around me likes them. But especially now doing the show and having played,
it's just so different, I think.
I don't know.
Absolutely.
Well, the consolation prize is the Boston Bruins tied a playoff record.
They had 21 players score for them throughout these playoffs.
So, congratulations to them.
I feel bad, man, going all that way, going the full distance
and then having that much pain.
So sorry to them.
Sorry to URA.
I know that's going to sting for like a couple days.
The money helps.
Some other news.
Michael Bales, the Carolina Hurricanes goalie coach, resigned.
I don't know what that was about.
I don't know if he's going somewhere for a better contract,
but after a season when goaltending was very big for them and they got it done
collectively between Mrazik and, God, I'm drawing a blank on the other guy.
McElhaney. McElhaney. Excuse me. So that's going to be some big shoes to fill there.
And also we had another Chicklets theme song submission. I tagged you guys in it.
Listen, everyone's getting all worked up like we're going to change the openings.
I think we're just going to keep it to random songs.
I'd imagine that Gloria's already played.
I don't pick the opening song, and I haven't heard it yet because we're recording.
But we really want to thank our fans for being this involved
and really for being involved the entire hockey season. guys we can't thank you enough and the playoffs are fun i mean you
could tell how intense fan bases get and and i think us getting to talk over issues whether it
be crazy goals unreal series or weird and terrible calls that we saw a little too much this this
stanley cup playoff it was just awesome to have all your feedback, everyone listening.
It's definitely our favorite time of year.
We say it all regular season that once the playoffs come, it's great.
So appreciate everyone listening as always.
And we got through a couple of watch parties that was in Boston,
but still it was a success meeting all the people who listen.
And we always try to say thank you because we really appreciate it.
Absolutely echo what you guys said. I mean, I say it all the time to people when they ask oh is tricklets exceeded
your expectations and i never had expectations when me and the wit dog started it we just started
it and we were off and running but even if i did there would never be at this level that we've
gotten uh this successful having so much fun with it like even on tonight on the ice i'm trying to
interview guys and i got guys who just want to give me a fucking shout my name,
which is kind of surreal when you think about it.
And that's all because of our listeners, man.
You've made me happy.
I have a fucking new job out of it.
I'm not miserable pushing a fucking broom anymore.
And it's because all you people listen.
You've given me a fucking another job, a new job.
And I'm eternally grateful, man.
I get to cover hockey for a living.
What's better than that?
It's awesome.
And Grinnell, you also have another message for our fans and it involves st louis blues fans unless
you want to jump on the bandwagon no uh st louis blues fans you can buy some merch we have a ton of
um blues champions merch you know champs you know shirts for uh our guy robert bertuzzo we got uh we
have a ton of stuff so check it out in the barstool Sports Store. It's going to be 10
off for the first 24 hours
after the Blues won the
Cup, so when you're hearing this, it might not still be
10 off, but still, we still
have a ton of Blues stuff, and we also
just dropped our golf merch. Peter Millar,
Peter Millar Quartership, Peter
Millar Polo, Nike Polo,
as well as
driver head covers and golf towels.
So a ton of merch, and there's going to be a ton more coming.
Keep an eye out for bathing suits and basketball jerseys.
Bathing suits?
Male or female?
Basketball jerseys.
Any Speedos?
It's sacrilegious.
Get some man thongs coming?
We got them coming.
We got everything coming.
So it's all coming.
It's great.
Just keep an eye out for the summer merch.
So going back to that guy who wrote that theme song for us,
thank you for submitting that.
The other guy who submitted the rap song, once again,
we want to thank you for that.
We weren't trying to insult you,
although we will not change our opening songs to your little rap jingle.
I'm sorry about that.
I'm sorry we didn't plug you properly the last time.
One thing that I thought we had to mention
and we didn't last episode
was the dethroning of the You Know by Bobby Artuzzo.
When Matt Duchesne came on,
he absolutely crippled the Bobby You Know Artuzzo record,
although it's kind of up in the air
because Bobby You Know Artuzzo only had about a about a 23 minute interview and do Shane was closer to an
hour.
So now we're going based on time.
So if you want to,
uh,
maybe the metrics for,
you know,
Bobby,
no,
no,
Bobby or Bobby,
you know,
or two's always my King.
I love that guy.
Okay.
And he had the most,
are you knows,
uh,
per minute,
right. Or per second, 60. When I saw that, I started that guy. Okay. And he had the most you-knows per minute, right?
Or per second.
When I saw that, I started fucking buying less.
So are you about quality or quantity?
That's what we got to ask you guys.
There is now a Twitter page that is dedicated to the you-know counts of guys on.
And I just want to establish a rule.
If I say, you know what was a great game, that's not a stall tactic.
That's not going to count as a you
know on the you know tracker if i'm like oh you know um you know you you know uh and then i'm
stalling that's a you know tracker so if you're actually using it in a sentence for for purpose
it does not count um thanks for clearing that up yeah well that we had to establish the rule
because people might be off on the counter.
I've been doing some solo interviews just so we can get a little bit of a break in the summertime.
It's been a long season for us.
I have a full-time job with the Coyotes, and I do this, and I do other stuff.
Witt wants to golf a little bit and enjoy his life and his millions and millions of dollars.
R.A. wants to go on weed and coke binges, so we got to get him some time off.
Grinnelli is going to try and go get laid.
I don't know if it's going to happen.
I mean, maybe I'll have to fly into NYC and physically shove his penis in vaginas.
Yeah, I could use you, Biz.
I could use an Uncle Biz trip to NYC soon.
Well, I think that 600 can get you a little Robert Kraft special,
maybe even a little
Probably two of them.
Probably two of them.
Six bills.
So I was fortunate enough to get Sean Burke for close to two hours.
He was incredible, as well as was Tyson Nash, who's a co-worker of mine,
who's been very nice to me and helped me transition from playing
into doing the media side with an NHL team.
Very similar personalities.
We were actually born on the exact same day, March 11th, both Pisces.
Not a big deal.
And I got Rick Talkett recently, who is incredible as well.
Very open.
He does not hold back.
He told some very funny stories.
So we're going to have a few more weeks where we give two episodes a week.
We're going to do the NHL Awards breakdown,
who we think is going to win beforehand.
We're going to wrap it up afterward.
We're going to be dropping the day after the awards on the Thursday,
and then I think one more week of two episodes,
and then it's going to go down to one.
So we're going to drop those long interviews that I did solo
after we're down to one a week.
I think that'll give us a couple weeks off
where we don't even have to basically show up
other than to tee up the interviews.
I really hope you guys enjoy that.
And we're going to be doing some other stuff.
We'll be putting out some content fairly soon in about a month's time.
And is there anything else you guys want to say?
I should have had you ask Talkit why he blocked me on Twitter,
but he doesn't know me from a hole in the wall.
So I didn't even get the fuck out of here.
He blocked you.
You must have chirped him or something.
Before we get to that,
I just want to talk to you for a second about Audible.
Listening makes us smarter, more connected people.
It makes us better partners, parents, and leaders.
And there's no better place to start listening than Audible.
Audible is where so many inspiring voices and compelling stories open listeners up to new experiences and ways of thinking.
Audible members now get more than ever before.
Members choose three titles every month, one audio book plus two Audible originals that you can't hear anywhere else.
audio originals, I'm sorry, to Audible originals that you can't hear anywhere else.
Members also have unlimited access to more than 100 audio guided fitness and meditation programs.
Audible members can also get free access to the New York Times, Wall Street Journal,
and Washington Post delivered daily to the Audible app. Audible also offers free and easy audiobook exchanges, credits you can roll over for a year, and a library you keep forever even
if you cancel. Explore all the ways listening on Audible can help over for a year, and a library you keep forever, even if you cancel.
Explore all the ways listening on Audible can help improve mind, body, and soul with entertainment, information, and inspiration.
Start listening with a 30-day Audible trial in your first audiobook,
plus two Audible Originals are free.
Visit audible.com slash chicklets or text chicklets to 500-500.
Again, visit audible.com slash chicklets or text chicklets to 500-500.
And that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Start listening with a 30-day Audible trial and your first audio book plus two audio,
audio, sorry, Audible originals are free.
Visit audible.com slash chicklets or text chicklets to
500-500. No, it's funny
when actually when I first got on Twitter
I actually asked him a few questions. We kind of
had like banter going back and forth and I was
pretty respectful. I thought, I don't know, maybe
when he was with Pittsburgh I shit on the Penguins or something
he didn't want to listen to me but either way
it was kind of funny and I just had one
other note I didn't get to. I feel bad for
Tuca, man. I mean mean he played his ass off he
deserves a better fate I know deserves nothing to do
with it in the playoffs but
I feel bad and he's going to have to listen to fucking
idiots again but he played his balls off
I did have the best night tonight but
it didn't matter the fucking the Blues already had
him dead to right so I
feel bad for Tuca I wish he had a better fate
but c'est la vie
alright well thanks again to you guys.
A wonderful hockey season.
It's not quite over as we have the NHL Awards, as I mentioned.
There's a buyout period that's coming up on Saturday.
Those are kind of a little bit depressing.
I'm curious to know who's going to get bought.
Not always, though.
Not always.
Well, right.
Yeah, I guess you get paid for it.
Unless you're Ilya Gibrisgalov,
you're going to get paid for the next 20 years.
And then what else?
And then the NHL draft, which I know fuck all about in these young guys
other than Kapokako and Hughes.
I don't know anyone other than that.
So we're going to have to get like Bob McKenzie on here or R.A.
You're going to have to go in some hardcore digging online,
going to the dark web to find out what the fuck these guys are up to.
Yeah. Oh, so you want me to go on the dark web and look at young men?
Is that what you're asking me to do, Biz?
I might have to edit that out, Jim.
Yeah, tough luck, though.
I think that wraps it up, man.
Hey, again, a great season, fantastic Stanley Cup.
You know, the result wasn't what
i prefer but it was a great cop man it was a fantastic series and again hats off to the blues
and their fans absolutely and i'm sure the parade's going to be a good time and we're going to try to
get some of those guys on wit what are you up to this week i just got out to pebble beach um
where it's just the most beautiful place in the world. So I'm just out here doing barstool radio Thursday,
Friday.
So today you're listening to this Thursday and then tomorrow,
Friday,
which is on four to six Eastern,
uh,
probably do the rundown thing out here and then watch some golf,
man.
I mean,
this is pretty sick.
The four play guys are out here.
I joined them for a little podcast tonight.
That'll drop tomorrow.
I was on there for about 30 minutes talking about who I like at the open
and trying to figure out when this little bitch Riggs will play me.
So I think he's a little scared.
I think he's gotten worse.
I've improved.
So it could get ugly, but the money is trying to be figured out
in terms of how much I'll have to risk and how much he's willing to risk.
He's scared.
But still, I'm out here.
I'm having a blast, and I'll be home Saturday.
I got the red eye home playing Spyglass on Saturday, which is a sick track.
Who's the pick for the Open?
I like Patrick Cantlie.
It's a pretty great story.
I mean, you can go Google his story, but an incredible amateur.
I'm going to say he's the number one amateur in the world.
Dominated college, like not many before him or after him.
And then his back started acting up.
His back was all fucked up and they couldn't figure out what was wrong.
And during this entire time,
his caddy was his best buddy.
And then while he was out injured or I don't know the exact timing,
but his friend actually got ran over by a car in front of him in Newport
beach.
And he died and the kid,
this,
so the kid lost,
you know,
his best friend, someone like family and his back was messed the kid, this or the kid lost, you know, his best friend,
someone like family and his back was messed up.
His back ended up getting healthy,
you know,
mentally he's back and he just won recently at the Memorial and he's just a,
he's got the pedigree.
So he could be a sleep,
not a sleeper.
You know,
he's not even that much of an underdog,
but,
but I like him a lot and could see him winning.
Can you,
can you say his name again?
I want to follow this guy.
Patrick Cantley. C-A-N-T I want to follow this guy. Patrick Cantley.
C-A-N-T-L-A-Y.
17-1
too. That's what he's at right now.
Do you get a little emotional
when they present the cup? Yeah, I
do. It was funny. My wife texted
me. She's like, are you going to cry? And I was
like, shut up. Because there's definitely
been times where you just think back
and this is exactly how
i described it to somebody else who's laughing uh i went to dinner one time we were talking about
this it's your life it's it's my life is your life it's like your life kind of just like not
at all flashes before you but you think back to everything and and all you did growing up and like
all you cared about and for me i just wanted
to win the stanley cup and it was it was your your ultimate dream and every time you shot pox i've
said about this you think about winning the cup and then it's it's presented and when you're
growing up you dream of getting there and you look at it and you just dream of getting there
and you're like oh my god you you you it makes you work even harder and then you get into the
nhl and you're just so jealous you're like we need to do that we need to do harder. And then you get into the NHL and you're just so jealous. You're like, we need to do that.
We need to do that.
And then when you get out of the NHL,
you think,
Oh my God,
like that,
that'll never happen again,
but it still means so much.
And it almost means more to me now than when I was young.
And it was my dream because now I did live it and I didn't get to win it,
but I know what these guys have gone through.
So I appreciate so much watching the 20 minutes of the guys getting it
and i wanted those blues guys they didn't go for skates they were that you could tell they love
they love each dude these guys love each other and they just handed it to the guy right away i
think that was honestly it because i was like come on steiner go for a lap yeah no he's like here you
go thorburn or whoever it was so i'll always get emotional because it was my dream and it was my
life and then you see dreams come true and it just,
it brings emotions to me for sure.
Okay.
Two things you said.
I was surprised too,
that the guys weren't going for bigger laps.
Dude,
go for a lap.
And at first I was kind of like,
that's ridiculous.
And then it clicked exactly what you said.
I'm like,
these guys just love each other.
They just want each of them to touch it as soon as possible because they all
know how hard it was to fight for it. And the one word you used to describe it was jealousy and it's not a
bad jealousy every year that thing gets handed out man i'm just fucking jealous because i never got
to experience that and and i and i always compare it to the calder cup which is not that comparable
although it was special to me was the emotional high that I was on for about a week
was incredible.
It was like a drug.
I didn't need the alcohol and the drugs,
but I took them.
I mean, I wasn't going to pass.
But nonetheless,
the natural high off that
is, and I can only imagine
what the fuck those guys are going through right now.
I see them posting on Instagram.
I know. You know what else?
It's forever.
It's just life
changing. Dude, you're 75
years old fucking hanging around with your
grandkids. You want a Stanley Cup.
You know what makes me even more jealous?
What?
Is the fact that R.A.'s touched the fucking
thing like 10 times. R.A.'s licked that thing.
I wouldn't even touch it because he's been all over it.
He's put him and Tony Montana took a fucking few bumps.
Oh, boys, I played.
People are going to think I'm a crackhead.
Do we talk about?
People love the Mass Am recap.
A lot of people texted me, really enjoyed it.
Your reactions really made it and i your your reactions really
made it special you were living and dying with all my shots man right for two reasons i'm happy
for you because i know how much effort you've put into that and and man i suck at golf but
like to hear you hit these shots on a presser i'm the biggest mental midget on the golf course
nobody wants to golf with me all my buddies are like why are you getting mad after every shot i'm the biggest mental midget on the golf course nobody wants to golf with me all
my buddies are like why are you getting mad after every shot i'm like well i'm a snap show and this
is the most frustrating game on the planet i can't hit two good shots in a row so i fucking hate golf
for that reason you have to be of a certain amount of wealth i believe to be good at golf if you
weren't born naturally good at it so my goal in life is to be rich enough to be good at golf,
which is where you're at.
It's true.
There's plenty of kids who are great golfers that grew up with no money,
but I know what you're saying.
It's definitely a little bit of a privileged sport
because of the whole country club aspect.
So I can actually go into golf occasionally on here,
and people can either shut it off, or maybe I could release special.
Maybe once in a while I'll release it.
But if you don't want to hear it, you don't have to listen.
So this week.
So this week, my golf travels brought me to the Massachusetts Open, which is a it's a major championship.
It's a professional golf tournament that amateurs can get into.
I got into it as an alternate and it was crazy.
It was awesome.
It was at Vesper Country Club.
Right.
First hole.
So I'm paired.
I was supposed to be there with these two guys, these pros from New Jersey.
One backs out. So it's just me and another guy and his brother's his caddy and he
actually listens to chiclets and the guy playing listens chiclets pat wilson i think it was wilson
a good guy so funny story he goes and is six over through the first five holes he's a pro golfer i
was this guy played in the u.s open in 2015 2015 at Chambers Bay. I was like, geez, what's going on with this guy? Well, what does he do? He plays eight under the next like
36 holes and then ended up, you know, I think in the third, he ended up making the cup, but just
a great thing for me to see of a round starting off bad and not worrying about it and taking it
hole by hole to get back into it. So I get up there, I get up there on the first tee, the camera's
always in front of me. They tweet out these videos videos they get a bunch of views people love seeing my my action and you know the swing
looked good but that ball went left and that ball went into a hazard and I was in a complete panic
I lost that ball I lost my opening tee shot oh so I'm dropping I'm hitting my third into this tiny
green Donald Ross greens they roll front to back fucking hard as shit to hold I hit the ball over
the goddamn green I'm now hitting my fourth shot I'm now hitting my fourth shot. I'm not hitting my fourth shot. Short-sided over a green
on a tee box on the other hall. I'm like, dude, I could make a nine right now. This is a panic.
I chip it up to about an inch. I make a great bogey next hall. I hit a great drive. I flag a
nine iron right at the pin. A little too little too long goes deep. I'm like, Oh my God. I chip
it up to 10 feet. I miss it two over through two. I'm like, oh, my God. I chip it up to 10 feet.
I miss it.
Two over through two.
I'm like, dude, this is when I got to be strong.
You know what I did?
I played the next 14 holes or 13 holes.
No, I got to 17, and I was still two over.
So I played even par golf the rest of the way until 17.
That's 14.
That's 14 holes.
No, it would have been.
Yes, yes, yes, yes. Next 14 holes, I played an even par. That's 14. That's 14 holes. No, it would have been. Yes,
yes,
yes,
yes.
Next 14 holes.
I played an even par three birdies,
three bogeys.
I was like,
great dude,
let's finish this round off.
I bogey 17.
Then I bogey 18.
I was so mad on 18.
I was going,
my caddy's like,
dude,
Oh,
that's another thing.
I think I'm going to have my caddy on the kid.
Derek,
who comes with me for all these.
He's like,
you're a psychopath.
Like,
I think you need to mic yourself up.
So I'm going to have him on.
He has stories of things happening to me.
So I'm over there on the green.
I'm so mad.
I bogeyed the last two.
And the kid playing, tapping it for birdie, I'm going.
He's like, dude, stop breathing so loud.
People can hear you breathing this out.
I was like, fucking motherfucker.
I missed the cut. But it was a great warm-up for the Mass Am in July,
and it was fun to be a part of.
So if people have more questions, I can answer them.
Well, I got a question.
You twirled your club, and then you said it went left.
Did you know it was going left, but you knew the camera was on you,
so you had to do the club twirl?
I think it might have been wanting to club twirl it.
I think it was all also like almost like
a putting a gun back in the holster like holy fuck that didn't go well like let's get rid of this
thing while also looking good doing it i mean i pounded it it just had a lot of draw on it and
then i was like hit a tree and stay in and i just saw some kid like hazard hazard we should make a
we should make a reality show called the break in 80 I'll try to break 80, get some golf lessons and stuff.
We need to get us mic'd golfing, and that would be fun.
All right, you can't be good at golf.
I bet you he stripes it, dude.
I retired Wolf off the tee.
Jesus, my relatives listen to this.
They're going to send me to rehab.
Meanwhile, I'll keep my mouth shut.
I'm not going to throw anyone on the bus here.
But I stopped golfing like late teens, early 20s.
I would, like Biz said, I'd get so aggravated doing it.
It was like doing algebra to me.
And I've golfed maybe once, I think, in the last 20 years.
It was a fucking charity journey.
So you're right on, Biz.
I'm a terrible golfer.
Hey, R.A., we sneak on the golf courses and still mad.
We weren't even paying for green fees.
No, I mean, I'll go out and hang out, but yeah,
I'm just a waste of people's time on a golf course.
All right, well, Grinnelli's got to edit this
thing. It's two in the morning. As we said,
thank you so much. And also, Mikey, shout
out to you because when we stop
recording after these late playoff games, you're up
to like five or six, so great job.
Thanks, boys. Appreciate it. And everyone else, congrats to the St. Louis Blues and their fans.
Oh, God.
The Blues just tweeted out a picture with Maroon with the cup on his lap
and the P.J. and then Riley with the Conn Smythe.
O'Reilly, excuse me.
Go back to the jealous comment.
Fuck, I'm going to spike my phone.
At least O'Reilly isn't good looking.
Oh, wait.
All right, see you, boys.
All right, take care.
Everybody have a great weekend.
We'll see you next time. I think you got to slow down before you start to flow it.
I think you're headed for a breakdown.
So be careful not to show it.
You really don't remember.
Was it something that he said?
All the voices in your head
Calling Gloria
Gloria
Don't you think you're falling
If everybody wants you
Why isn't anybody calling?
You don't have to answer.
Leave them hanging on the line.
Calling Gloria.
Gloria.
Gloria.
I think they got the number.
Gloria.
I think they got the number. I think they got the alien.
That you've been living under.
But you really don't remember.
Was it something that they said?
Or the voices in your head?
