Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 185 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by New Amsterdam Vodka.
We're a few days into the postseason and enjoying the relatively new phenomenon of watching the Cups travels online and all the shit-faced hockey players alongside it.
We'll get to a little bit more of that in a bit.
Let's say hi to the boys first.
Mikey Grinelli, you've had a wild 24 hours.
What's going on, my man?
Yeah, what's up, guys?
Fresh off a 24-hour trip to Vegas, so I'm sure we'll get into that.
But, yeah.
Oh, you think?
In the craziest 24 hours of your life.
Okay, so craziest 24 hours of his life.
Let's throw it over to Witt or me, and then let's get back to it.
Is this with Biz?
No, we did not cross swords i just
got here today flew in and it was still you're crazy give me a little intro all right yeah it's
all well let's next up our boy wit dog you were just in pebble beach when did you get back in the
town brother i took the red eye uh saturday night dude excuse me oh my god i obviously had mint, but still this guy was snoring so fucking loud next to me.
I woke him up three different times.
No, get the fuck out of here.
Dude, I took an Ambien and I was like, I need to sleep.
I'm getting back Father's Day morning.
I'm like, I got to be up in a boat.
And this guy was sawing logs.
Dude, I
tapped him. I go, hey.
He's like,
you're keeping
the whole cabin awake, buddy.
Then he did it again and I woke him up again. I woke him up twice
and he was disgusted, but I was even more
pissed off. I'm just running on
fumes.
Could you picture waking up from a deep sleep
and Witt is looking at you with that Witt face
of him being like, dude, what the fuck are you doing?
As if that guy had any idea what he was doing.
But I was on Ambien too.
I was actually on Ambien and a half
because I was like, I need to be knocked out
and I don't sleep on planes.
So I must have looked like, you can look at me right now.
Look at my hair.
I was like double.
Hey, you take one and then you hear a snoring. You take another half you're still wake up you're like your next opportunity to just jump out of the lady behind him was awake too she was
shaking her head like i was her white knight for like giving him the poke try to get him to turn
over i was like dude just turn over on your side you won't fall on your side he's like i sleep on
my back oh jesus fuck yeah we were like talking it's like 2 I sleep on my back. Oh, Jesus. Fuck. We were talking.
It's like 2.40 in the morning.
Oh, my gosh.
This has to be the best start to the podcast ever.
We haven't even gotten to the fact that Grinnelli's been crushing everything in Vegas.
Can I get a fucking intro here?
Did we win the cup?
Did we win the cup?
Who's dick do I got to suck for an intro around here?
Last but not least, a boy in the desert not to
be confused with bin nasty who just won a cup it's biz nasty who went to what a called a cup
paul bissonette welcome to the show buddy boys it's been a great uh day for me i know grinelli
had an unbelievable day i'm not gonna bore you with mine i shall bore you bore you with it after
we get grinelli story butinnelli went from fucking what?
A part-time Barstool employee with rats pissing under his bed,
with his neighbors pissing on top of him,
to partying and flying on PJs and maybe even,
I won't ruin it, let you tell the story.
Yeah, boys.
So I will say this.
I did join the Mile High Club this week.
Yeah, it was a fun experience.
Shout out to my guys.
Look at you all modest like it happens all the time.
It was a fun experience.
What did you just fucking shoot on the park for the first time, you fucking rat?
What do you mean it was a fun experience?
Okay, so bring us to the start of the night.
Like, how did this all go down?
All right, so I know these guys, they're DJs.
They're Loud Luxury.
Loud Luxury.
They're awesome.
They're Canadian.
Yeah, they're huge.
They're actually the big up-and-coming DJs, and they were in New York Friday night, and
I went out to dinner with them, and they were just like, hey, what are you doing tomorrow?
Do you want to jump on a private jet with us and go to Vegas?
What?
Pardon?
I mean, I fly commercial, like last seat, middle row, where they don't even recline. Did you just kick in? So I said, I fly commercial like last seat in the middle of the road where they don't even recline.
So I said, yeah.
So I packed up my bag and I went to the airport.
And, you know, next thing you know, I'm on a private jet.
And, yeah, we were going to Vegas and joined the Mile High Club.
And it was pretty cool because the stewardess came out after and she gave me a sticker that said, like, welcome to the Mile High Club.
That was pretty cool.
And then about like
It's like a gong.
There's no rules at all.
No rules, because there was
Ernie Els knows.
There was about an hour and a half before we landed, and she came up to me,
and the girl I was sitting next to, and she was like,
if you guys want to go for round two, you have just enough time.
Oh, my dude.
I swear to God.
The Stewie.
The Stewie.
It was unbelievable.
She had an amazing singing voice, too, Diana. She was awesome. I swear to God. The Stewie. The Stewie. It was unbelievable. She had an amazing
singing voice too.
Diana, she was awesome.
She sang for us.
But I mean,
they brought out like
meat and cheese,
vegetable, fruit.
I would have been
going after Diana.
Any drink I wanted.
It was unbelievable.
So then we touched down
in Vegas
and when we got to Vegas,
they said that
the blues were going to be
at the club that we were at.
And fuck anyone
who shits on me
for partying with the Blues in the Cup
because I was just doing my due diligence as the Spittin' Chicklets producer.
Insider.
To network, to network with the guys.
You know, hey, Shener, how are you?
It's been a long time since I've seen you.
You want to come on the podcast?
You're a Stanley Cup champion.
Congratulations.
So that happened.
And then so we were at Omnia.
I got laid in the Omnia bathroom.
Holy.
So that was pretty cool.
You have a freaking trip, Mike.
Because we were with the Loud Luxury, so they had this back private DJ's room.
So it was a VIP room.
So I got laid in there as well, and yeah, it was a great weekend for the kid.
So let me ask Mike.
We were probably blowing dust by the end.
So when you were on the PJ, you had no plans to party with the Cup.
You were just going on the PJ for Saturday night
and didn't even know the Cup was going to be there?
I had no idea that the Stanley Cup was going to be in Las Vegas.
It was only because the guys were just like, hey, man,
do you want to go on a private jet tomorrow?
And I honestly was like, I'll go on the private jet.
And right when you get there, I'll jump off and fly back.
I just want to go on the private jet. I thought you get there, I'll jump off and fly back. I just want to go on the private jet.
I thought you were going for the blues because I saw everything in order.
That's fucking crazy.
So this went from about a 10 to a 20 real quick.
Holy shit, man.
Out of 10.
Friday night, my plan was to stay in on Saturday,
and about at like 5 p.m. on Saturday,
I was on a private jet on my way to Vegas to party with the cops.
Dude, and your ween sucked. Fucking awesome. Saturday, I was on a private jet on my way to Vegas to party with the Cubs. Dude, and your wings sucked.
Fucking awesome.
My wings sucked.
I imagine I could see this private jet kind of going down,
and Mikey finally just is the almost famous guy.
He's like, I jerked off to Krug's quads.
Well, hey, let me say that.
The cool part was, so the guys from Loud Luxury are from Toronto,
so they're huge Chiclets fans, so they think I'm way cooler than I am.
They were like, hey,
can you send a video to my buddies
saying... I was with them today.
Yeah, they're awesome guys,
man. You got to check out their music. They just
dropped a collaboration with
Justin Bieber and Ed Sheeran. It's unbelievable.
So that's what we were out there celebrating is
the fact that they were out there.
You guys are big time.
Oh yeah.
Huge.
They're huge.
And,
and working with Bieber and Sharon is huge.
Oh yeah.
Who that's like saying Wayne Gretzky and hockey.
Um,
met them today.
Great guys,
Canadian boys.
They went to Western university.
So,
you know,
they get their peepees wet there.
Uh,
they're actually really,
really close friends with,
um,
um,
a kid who I used to date his sister for a long time.
She lives in Vancouver.
So that was a connection today.
Both very energetic guys.
They met at college.
And like you said, their brand's popping off now.
I mean, I know that house music might not be the style for some of our listeners.
But in their realm, they're popping off.
I mean, they played Omnia, which is one of the nicest clubs, if not the nicest
club in Vegas.
They're going back Tuesday
and they told me to come by and
hang out behind the DJ. I mean, dude,
I'm a fourth line pigeon. I don't really do that
shit, so I'm going to fucking join them.
As you mentioned, great guys. I got to spend the
day with the Cup as well at the
Wet Republic with the boys.
Me and Witt
went to training camp there. Scotty
Upshaw, I was talking to the other day, he goes,
I'm going to go over because I want to see the boys
and I want to see them experience that.
I was coming here for the NHL Awards
tomorrow, or I guess
Monday because this comes out tomorrow.
I'm like, fuck it. I'm going to come
in a day early and go shake all
the guys' hands and hang out
and obviously they you know
embraced it and they let me involved
let me be involved
so obviously making my
rounds ran into Bo Meester and
we didn't talk about it on the podcast there's no real reason
to is we were sitting in a
family section in Boston
at game two with Witt and we
met Bo Meester's brother-in-law
and Bo came over and he's like, oh, sorry, man.
I was like, fucking, we loved it.
He was a huge Chicklets fan.
We were getting pictures and shit.
He had, like, the Bo Meester hat on.
He had the Bo Meester jersey.
He probably had a Bo Meester thong on.
Obviously, he loves his brother-in-law and the fact that he plays in the show
and he's a legend.
And he goes, oh, man, it didn't end there.
He ended up coming back to St. Louis for game three, and he goes i'm gonna you know go and enjoy the atmosphere and he ended up like leaving the
house at like one o'clock apparently and he got absolutely fucking shit face and ended up like
falling downstairs and like scraping his face this is like before puck drop so similar to that
the game after we saw him yeah he went to st louis they were just riding the wave eh so this
guy's from i think he's from Edmonton.
He's a huge Oilers fan, but of course,
because Bo's playing there,
he's embraced them as their second team.
So I thought that was funny.
And as he was apologizing,
because they were asking for pictures or whatever,
fuck that, man.
If anything, we're intruding.
And it was just great to see everyone there
and enjoying it and just talking to them
about what their experience with it was. Larry Flowers, how about him? great to see everyone there and enjoying it and just talking to them about you know what what
their experience and with it was and larry flowers how about him he's living his best life too
larry flowers who we brought on the podcast we told the story about he kind of implemented
gloria into that locker room for how however silly reason it played out and actually those uh that Actually, the Jacks NYB bar, they flew out for the parade into St. Louis,
and the owner of the Blues apparently bought them the charter back.
No shit.
That's what they posted today on their Instagram, which is like, man,
think about all the crazy little storylines along this run.
Like, YP was on stage.
Brett Hall was doing the Spittin' Chicklets memes.tt hall was doing the uh that might have been his best oh dude the chicklets meme that one was i texted you
basically i'm laughing out loud in this town car watching this video over and over
raising the chinchilla many of the guys have like what is going on with brett hall has brett
hall been to sleep yet?
He had three liver transplants over the last
week. That's a new record
apparently.
He's having a ball.
There's one, the alumni and how many
legends they have around and how important
Kelly Chase is posting pics with it.
Chris Pronger was there. The alumni
is sick. They had the chinchilla and YP
doing his thing. They had Layla there, which another cool story, R.A.
Oh, yeah.
And what was the post you were talking about, the Tarasenko post?
Oh, man, Tarasenko.
I mean, you know, it's funny.
I've had about five or six Blackhawks fans tweet at me, like,
stop showing these videos.
I'm a Hawks fan.
I'm starting to like the Blues here because they've been doing such cool shit.
Vladimir Tarasenko, during the parade, he stopped the hugger fan.
It was a fan with special needs. He had a Tarasenko
shirt, two and over, and he gave him a big hug, and
they're like patting each other on the back. He couldn't
help but feel great about it. He signed
the shirt for him, and then they gave him another hug as he left.
And like I said, he gave him this pat on the back.
You just get such a great feeling. Then I found that
I read another story on Thursday.
They were at that bar, OB Clacks,
kind of their hangout, I guess, all weekend.
And he saw a Blues fan who uses a wheelchair down in the crowd.
So big Daddy Vladdy, he walked down,
brought the cup to the whole crowd
and held it up for the kids so he can kiss it.
There's awesome pictures.
Everyone's just like, oh, my God.
That's the altitude of my hotel room here.
A little fucking teary-eyed.
So it's been unreal.
And I love this whole new tradition,
like I was saying at the beginning,
of like, this is like the new norm everybody just watches the cup online uh social media has just made it so much fun i mean even if your team didn't win it i think it's still awesome to follow
along i mean we just mentioned brett howell there was one picture with boris he looked a little
sleepy i i wrote hashtag boris needs a bump i don't know who was the one with like so they told
those guys at pebble told me that that thing's supposed to be
asleep during the day. It's
nocturnal. So that thing
The anxiety that thing is
It's been getting paraded around. That thing's
going to have a panic attack at some point
here. I think there was a woman in one of the celebrations
an older woman who was like, that thing's
like losing its mind right now. I think
that thing needs to go to sleep.
So that poor chinchilla Jesus, but swimming around in the Stanley Cup and being held up is losing its mind right now. I think that thing needs to go to sleep. It's better.
So that poor chinchilla, Jesus.
But swimming around in the Stanley Cup and being held up like Simba with Brett Hall
is just beyond...
You couldn't even imagine that.
No.
It's insane.
Exactly.
Storyline after storyline.
What was another one?
Sorry, Biz.
Any of the guys not in Vegas?
Or the whole team go? Some guys came in from for last night and then left and there's a few guys who couldn't
make it tarasenko just had a child i actually have that in my memo pad uh within a week's time
he won a stanley cup and gave birth to as i believe his first or second child with his his
his wife so i i didn't do any research behind it but nonetheless i mean
that's you mean it's tough tough to just get on a plane to go to vegas when you just have a newborn
but uh everybody was having a great time they're really enjoying it obviously running out of steam
just a little bit oh yeah pretty hard it was it was cool to to view it and i and and i wouldn't
go near the fucking thing and in larry flowers was like why who cares and i'm like larry it's cool that you were a part of it and got to experience it and
bring it like because you started off with the glorious stuff but you weren't a player so you'll
never understand like the i don't yeah the amount of respect i have for what those guys have been
through and the amount of adversity they've climbed through in order to achieve to lift that
thing up i'm not fucking to lift that thing up,
I'm not fucking going near that thing because I don't deserve it.
Unless I was working for a team or like a family member, one-one,
maybe I ain't lifting that thing.
I didn't deserve it.
I'll say this. I don't get to do that.
I don't even know if I'd lift it when the Coyotes
I might not lift it when the Coyotes could save their biz.
When the Coyotes win it, I might not do it.
Yeah, you will.
You will.
I mean, dude, you have to at that point.
Chaser's lifting that thing.
Yeah, but Chaser, he's, I guess so.
You know what?
Sorry, I'm an alumni, so I guess it's maybe a little different.
But just as like, I mean, I don't know.
I wasn't out there in the trenches.
So how funny was it when the video came out
with the boys laughing business about Sanford puking at the parade route?
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
That's unreal.
He's like, oh, yeah, whatever.
And the guy who's filming it's like, oh, get it out.
Get it out, bud.
He's like.
So obviously he was out of his mind and not thinking clearly.
Hell of a series he played too.
Oh, he was unreal.
I mean, he peaked at the perfect time, great insert in the lineup.
And why didn't he puke outside the car?
Yeah, I know.
I think he thought he was hiding it like no one would see it
because it was inside the car even though it's a car.
He should have done it in his jersey.
I love that there's just no rules when you win.
You know what's crazier about this whole story?
It's the fact that they went through that entire climb since January
in order to battle back and win the Stanley Cup from going last place,
and they still didn't have a better weekend than Grinnelli.
Grinnelli fucked a chick in an airplane and then in a nightclub.
One of the best nightclubs in the world.
Dude, how about Bennington?
You talk about coming out of your shell.
He's been absolutely hilarious.
He's been taking over marching bands,
like stalking animal house,
screaming.
You want some fucking emotion?
We're Stanley cup champions.
Oh yeah.
He should be playing drums,
grabbing instruments off band members.
He took the mic at Omnia last night.
Oh,
it's been hilarious.
And by the way,
YP, I know he just saiduh. It's been hilarious. And by the way, shout out to YP.
I know he just said it.
He's having an awesome weekend.
This is actually a stool tradition that goes back all the way back to 2006 of people with the stool or working for the stool,
partying with the cup.
This guy, Bon, who used to run the message board way, way back in the day,
he actually was good friends with Keith the Coin.
So when Keith was at Black Ace with the Carolina Hurricanes back in 06,
Bon partied on the Stanley Cup ice way back 2006 so this is 13 years now basically the school guys uh partying
with the cup hanging out with it so it's good to see why Pete keep the tradition going since we're
kind of in the fun conversation I gotta tell I gotta tell a little bit of a not like a story
but just kind of like a dilemma so um and I just when I think of these situations i mark them down on my notepad so this
happened a while back where i was kind of like seeing this girl a little bit and you know the
sex wasn't necessarily that great like she was hot and everything but there was she didn't like
talking during sex now i don't know i don't i've never had anyone ask me not to talk have you guys
ever been asked not to talk?
Just read that ad.
Just read that ad while you do that.
Maybe if you're, like, saying something, like, the wrong thing.
Yeah, you might be.
Just shut up.
Just shut up.
If they're close to, like, coming or something, maybe.
Well, no.
Like, I like to fucking, like, you fucking like that?
You know what I'm saying?
Like, I like to fucking take a little charge.
Like, you want a little choke?
You want a little choke?
You know, you got to ask. You have to ask the you want, you want to choke, you want to choke, you know, you gotta ask, you gotta, you have to ask the
questions. You can maybe have a mean voice when asking it, but you gotta ask. So then she's like,
can you not talk? So it kind of killed the mood a little bit. And I'm like, fuck man. Like I kind
of use the talking to mask my heavy breathing a little bit. I don't have a, I don't have a good
septum on the one side, so I don't breathe well through my,
through my nose. So I'm kind of loud when I get going. And are you guys in agreement with this?
I'm laughing because it's hilarious. So now, now I know why people put on music when they have sex.
So now I think my play is going to be like, do you want the music or do you want the heavy breathing and conversation?
Tap twice if you want the choke.
Yeah.
Oh, oh, wait, timeout.
Speaking of bondage, I mean, we weren't really there yet, but we were in the direction.
Apparently, this is online, so this probably isn't true, but apparently Chara posted something about like a protein bar.
true but apparently chara posted something about like a protein bar and on his bed there's like the shackle things where like essentially if you want to i bud yeah everybody was posting about it and
like i kind of feel bad because we're the players podcast where but that's kind of funny like if i
mean he likes to get after it if he likes to get after it i might actually text about the breathing
situation advice from the vet yeah i sent that to the thread biz because I asked people in the BDSM
community if that was, in fact, one of those like handcuffs.
Well, I think you're going to have to hit up Reddit for that.
I'm having my own issues.
I don't know if I'm going RB or
Or this isn't like a very classy restoration hardware bed frame that you
possibly think is like, you know, attached to whips and chains.
But the crazy part about it is it was mentioned and then people below it who obviously get down we're kind of like oh yeah that's exactly what that is where
i was like oh shit like yeah that's the ac 3000 model that thing's beautiful last 10 years no
problem yeah well hey um since we're kind of on that topic of conversation um i want to open up
the platform here for some people have been bitching online
about the bruins maybe partying a little too hard now i'll let you guys give your opinion and i'll
follow with mine because i've been talking way too much i mean back to the chat real quick i mean he
did play with a broken jaw so maybe he likes that pleasure pain thing going on at once yeah play
through pain yeah the bruins party and at okay they didn't party like they won the Stanley Cup. They went to a
club in Boston. Clubs in Boston
are like nothing like any other
cities. They're just fucking random
clubs. There's two, three clubs in Boston. It's not a big
deal to go to a club in Boston. I don't
think they paid to have the sign put up. Congrats
on a great season. I'm sure the club did
that. I'm sure the club sent all the dances out.
They went out one night. Marshawn's
Marshawn. He partied on the bar with his shirt off, goggles on.
I don't get how you blame people for unwinding.
They just played two months of fucking playoff hockey.
They're fucking all hurting.
They're dying.
They got so close to the goal.
Of course, they're going to go out and get drunk.
Whether you want to call it a celebration of a season, unwinding, whatever.
Who cares?
I mean, go back to 1973.
I was one years old.
Bruins got knocked out, I think, in the first round because Esposito's knee got shredded.
Well, the team went to Mass General Hospital,
literally dressed up as doctors and took his gurney out,
wheeled him out of the hospital up to Daisy Buchanan's to party,
to celebrate, whatever, the end of the season.
So, you know what I mean?
It's like guys are going to do that at the end of the year.
I got fucking no problem with it whatsoever.
And it wasn't like they partied like they won the cup.
I mean, we see what the Blues are doing right now.
What the Bruins have done is nothing like that. So it's just whatever. It's
just fucking internet bullshit. I will say that the one time I've been there twice now, the one
time there was all of a sudden an enormous spitting chiclet sign lit up that we didn't ask for unless
Grinnelli still hasn't admitted to me that he did fucking ask for that. So the Bruins went out to a
club. They went out to a club.
All of a sudden, there's some Bruins signs around them that they're,
trust me, they're not asking for those.
And they're doing what any other team does after they lose,
whether it be not making the playoffs, losing the first round,
second round, third round.
All the teams are going to go out and get after it.
I mean, the only difference now being that everything's online.
And when you're that fucked up and the season is over, you really don't care.
During the year, dude, you take a picture of me, give me your phone.
I'll smash it.
Like you can't be doing that or you're not going to be acting like the way they've been acting.
But right now, I mean, they don't care if there's going to be videos over because a couple of people video them getting after it when the season's over and everything's done with.
And it's their time to actually rewind and, you know, drink away some of their sorrows.
Well, they're're gonna do it and so if you're gonna get in their face i mean i they don't really care but that's the only reason anyone's seeing any of this i mean we're gonna back up the players and i
am too shocker we're a player's podcast i it's it's hard to explain to people sometimes because
they've never been through it but because they sometimes care more. I've said this. They don't understand how players aren't as upset as they are.
Well, I say it's not even necessarily that's the case,
where they might essentially be doing it deep down in their mind
to kind of get away from that.
I mean, Brad Marchand, man, let's not forget here.
It ended up being the game winner.
The game ended up being out of hand anyway.
But this is a guy who all season long there's constant pressure on him because he makes
big bucks he plays in a big market he has to produce the minute he's not there's articles
there's things being said online um and then and then ends up having to do it in playoffs very good
team they have to live up to the expectations they They went all the way to the Stanley Cup finals until game seven.
The fucking amount of all that pressure I talked about mounts to that point.
You have to stay dialed in, focused, mentally,
worried about all the other outside distractions.
And then finally, it's all over.
And these guys get to be regular dudes
with their teammates,
the same group of people they just went to war with
all season long
and they may probably you're never going to play with the full same team again that's a that's a
fact so that's your your your last four days together as a group who almost achieve that
goal they get to get together and they get to pop off and get the fuck out of reality because
whatever and now like you said because there's phones and
stuff people see it it's been happening forever i get that brad marchand is excessive and he gets
up there but dude fucking that's him that's his personality he battled all the way to the end yes
was that goal maybe his fault i mean i don't see maybe yeah sure and that's probably eating him
alive it's eating them alive.
So get out of reality.
So it's kind of frustrating because these people just have no clue what these guys go through.
And this is coming from a guy who played fourth line
and there was no pressure to score goals.
I used to fuck it.
The pressure was if the fucking water bottles weren't filled
to the proper temperature, if it wasn't 50-50 Gatorade water.
We're like, these guys, man, what they deal with.
I know.
And then we're going to get this one.
Wow, that's what they paid millions and millions for.
Well, guess what?
Your mental health doesn't know that.
Well, that's why they don't care what you're saying,
and they're doing this anyway.
Right.
They don't give a shit.
You can get mad.
I'm not even going to say I don't see the fan side that is like,
what the hell?
This kind of looks ridiculous.
But I just know from having been through
it, you've got to let off some steam somehow.
Absolutely.
Once again, as a Bruins fan, they
battled all the way to Game 7 until the end.
They deserve that celebration. The people
at the bar were probably like, fucking rights.
Thanks for bringing us on this ride.
Absolutely. You had to love
Mahshan's reply to the Chicklets feed when we tweeted
out the video of him dancing.
It says, sorry for bringing it. He tweeted like, so that's fucking hilarious.
Sorry for bringing it. And not to mention, Biz, the injury list they had.
They had to have a couple of cocktails to fucking nurse those wounds.
Give a quick little rundown of what they had for injuries.
Noah Chari, broken sternum, foot injury. Patrice Bergeron, groin injury.
Jake DeBrus, concussion. Moshan, groin, abdominal injury, Patrice Bergeron groin injury, Jake DeBrus concussion, Marshawn groin, abdominal injury,
sprained hand, pasta, re-aggravated thumb injury, Wagner,
not at breakup day, but he broke his arm back versus Carolina.
Chara, we talked about his broken jaw.
He had wires, plates, and screws in there and a groin injury.
Rizzy had a conky.
John Moore broke his fucking humerus somewhere during the course of the season. Still played.
He has a four to six month recovery.
Of course, Kevin Miller had two broken
kneecaps in the same knee.
Didn't play in the final, as I told
everyone. How many kneecaps does he have?
I guess one break was horizontal and
one was vertical. So pretty
crazy. But boys, we've got
a couple more notes on the cup and
the cons might. We did want to mention we are going to be
bringing on TJ Gagliotti in a little bit. We've got a nice conversation with him we want to bring you. But did you guys happen to cup and uh the cons might that you we did want to mention we are going to be bringing on tj galeati in a little bit we got a nice conversation with him we want to bring you
but uh did you guys happen to see any of the cons might voting how that played out
no i didn't i haven't seen anything yeah the cons might voting it's a five three one voting format
you know five points for first three for second one for third place uh of the 18 first place votes
the ones that ryan o'reilly didn't get went to Ben Nasty. O'Reilly got
13 of them. Ben Nasty got five of them.
Rask got four second place votes
and nine third place votes. He was left
off of five ballots. Petrangelo
got three second place votes and one
third place vote. And Colton Parejo
got two second place votes and a third place
vote. That's probably for me blowing him
the whole playoffs. Yeah, it might
have been. And for people who think the media plays faves well of course they do but it was
interesting i thought two boston writers left rask off their ballot completely and one st louis
writer had ryan o'reilly third uh after the two goalies so i thought that was okay i maybe they
did it in order to not come off as biased which which i respect because you know you want to be
given even playing field to what you believe.
And that tells me that they're being truthful about it because they are from Boston.
Now, to leave Rask off, I think is crazy.
And I was looking up his numbers.
Not one game, all of playoff, other than game seven of the finals, was his save percentage
below 900.
And people were, remember how they were harping about the Binnington thing?
Where I was like, Binnington was solid throughout playoffs
and he had great bounce back games.
But in two games in the finals and two games in the conference finals,
he had a couple stinkers as far as save percentage was concerned.
So like, you know what I'm saying?
Like, Rask maintained that pace all of playoffs
and the only quote unquote egg he laid based on his his safe
percentage and i thought there was maybe one goal in that game that he could have got back
is he sustained it for that amount of time he he deserved he if he if boston wins he gets it
oh no no doubt about that he was the only bro and to get any votes as well and of course because
you know games three and six definitely killed Bennington's save percentage.
He got lit up those two games.
But, obviously, his response in games after they lost was incredible.
Right, but the point being is I would have picked Ras to win the cons might
before Bennington.
That's not taking anything away from Bennington.
He had an excellent playoffs.
He was solid in bounce-back games and solid when he had to be,
and especially in the clutch moment of game seven, three of the four games against boston in boston so i just
you know i i think that that's ridiculous that they left rask off the list based on his numbers
fucking rights biz oh do i sound like a boston bias idiot no no no we were talking about that
the other day fucking rights how many times they say fucking rights so the minute you win the
stanley cup it's like a switch goes off in your head.
All you can say is fucking rights.
Fucking rights.
Hey, by the way.
Fucking rights.
You know, Bobby, you know, Ortuzzo is just lighting up the world with these shirts of his.
Those are so.
Are we selling those?
You know?
Oh, yeah.
Those are ours.
Yeah. I got the handoff after game seven.
We passed them off to Larry Flowers to get to Otuzo,
and that's what Otuzo  so to see him fucking wearing it
during the parade under his game shirt, that was fantastic.
I love it.
It's been hilarious.
So what do you say, boys?
Want to send it over to TJ Galeotti?
Then we'll come back, catch everybody up on the NHL.
Yeah, Gale's a former NHL player, great guy.
I thought this was a really fun interview.
He's easy to talk to.
Another thing that we should cover before we throw it over,
I know St. Louis guys had a lot of injuries as well.
Did they post the list, or was that not done?
I know Ryan O'Reilly played with a cracked rib,
but he got that in the Dallas series.
So even add that onto the legend of Ryanyan o'reilly's playoff playoff push here yeah i
didn't see a similar list for st louis and i think maybe because they won there's not as much like
people wanting to see because when you lose you're like well shit how bad were they hurt whereas you
win i think people just getting drunk at potty and maybe don't have as much concern for it but
they don't even care yeah exactly there there was actually one more thing about the Bruins that I wanted to talk about.
And I said something before Game 5 after he'd sustained  or no, sorry.
I believe it was after Game 5.
He'd sustained the jaw injury.
He played in Game 5.
He wasn't very good.
And I made the comments of like, I mean, maybe they should take him out
and give a couple mobile guys who can provide offense
because they have depth on the back end.
And I don't think Grizzlick was ready, so no matter what,
it wasn't going to happen.
And I forgot to compliment him after game six.
In game six, he was very good.
And, of course, they were playing with the lead.
He ended up lugging, I think, close to 24 minutes in that game,
and he shoved it right up my hoop.
And I kind of  after I said it, I'm like, fuck, dude,
they can't take him out of the lineup.
Idiot call by me.
But I was happy that he had an unbelievable bounce back game.
And, I mean, I would imagine that he plays another year,
but if it's all said and done, total respect to him for playing
with that fucking broken jaw the way it was.
And that is just, that makes you a legend forever in Boston.
Ever.
Absolutely. And this, actually, one other thing, too, Biz, you a legend forever in Boston. Ever. Absolutely.
And this actually, one other thing too, Biz,
this really jumped out at me.
There has not been a lead change in a Stanley Cup final game seven
since 1987.
Wednesday was the eighth game seven since then.
So that's eight fucking Cup game sevens and it hasn't been one lead change.
It's like the team who scores first, you gain so much momentum.
And O'Reilly said that on the ice.
He's like, when we got the first one
and we knew we fucking had it, then he apologized
for swearing. But you could tell. It's like,
we get that first one, we're going to win the Stanley Cup
and then on the other side,
you're trying to say you're not
panicking, but holy fuck, we've got to get two
now. We're losing. If it ends, it's just
it completely changes everything.
It's surprising, though, still, that it's
been that long without any sort of excitement once the first team gets there.
And I feel it's based on how your team's built sometimes as well.
St. Louis is big and heavy, and they can eat clock
and play the right way where it suffocates you,
where that's a team specifically to play with the lead.
Like, they are  and that's crazy that he did say that after the game.
And I believe before the game and and i believe before
the game i said that too i said it's more important for st louis to get that first goal than it is
boston like i still i mean you saw it boston carried the plate offensively that whole game
yeah yep what meant to be and also the blues were one of eight teams with odds of 250 or higher to
win the cup on january 7th at Caesars.
All the other teams missed the playoffs.
So, again, we talked about the odds a bunch, but that's still amazing.
250-1 on January 7th to win the Cup.
So, all right, boys, let's send it over to TJ Galeotti.
We've got some good stuff with him.
And now we are pleased to join by an old friend of myself,
a man who can say he played in the ECAC and the WHL,
two of the most opposite places on the planet.
TJ Gagliardi from Calgary, Alberta, now living in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Thanks for joining Spittin' Chick with the podcast, bud.
How have you been?
Been well, boys.
Thanks for having me.
So I want to know kind of what's going on right now Because we briefly just talked before we started recording
About your new company and what's going on in Halifax
And how that's all going
So before we get into your career
What has the post-retirement life been like?
Yeah, it's been pretty hectic
I packed it in about a year and a half ago
Quickly followed that up with the birth of my daughter
Who is now 10 months Started a company with an birth of my daughter, who is now 10 months.
Started a company with an old friend of mine, Darren Burke.
We're doing a couple of cool things out here in Halifax.
So it's been nonstop ever since I hung the skates up.
Dude, so you had a child right after retirement like I did.
Can you imagine having a kid and playing?
I don't know how these guys do it.
Oh, my God.
I don't get it either.
I mean, we were up probably, you know, in the early days,
three, four times at least in the middle of the night
and having to play a game the next day, that wouldn't have been fun.
Gally, you mentioned the food company.
What exactly is going on with this company?
Typically, we don't do free ads, but maybe we can give you a little business.
Yeah, that's great.
So we're doing a couple things.
So one is we created this sustainable technology where we're reducing food waste for grocers.
We essentially powder their excess produce,
we essentially powder their excess produce and then that becomes raw materials for our our protein powders and different supplements that we have in the market under our brand tdf sports
uh my mind's in a pretzel right now i mean do you guys know what the fuck you just said
i think i do although i'm not 100 sure either way i'm pretty sure you'll crush it you did the old
college then juniors thing that's not something everybody does i Either way, I'm pretty sure you'll crush it. You did the old college then juniors thing. That's not something everybody does.
You went to Dartmouth, too, so you must have a brain in your head.
Why did you go from Dartmouth to juniors? Was it not cut and fired?
Did you get tossed? Did something happen that made you make that decision?
You know what, R.A., there's a bit of a long story to that.
I can give you the short one.
I essentially decided to go to Dartmouth
because it was a really cool opportunity for me being from Calgary and didn't even know what the
Ivy League was growing up and then that came up so it was a I jumped all over it got out there
had a really good good start to the season and you know what guys on the team started saying well
you're not going to be here for four years. So why are you trying to take all the complicated classes and trying to go down a road of something that you're really not going to finish up for a long time?
So I listened to some of the guys, the older guys, and got in a few of the classes that were attendance wasn't mandatory.
And, you know, took some sculpture classes and just a bunch of funny ones.
And then as the season went on, I really had a great year
and ended up getting drafted.
And during the playoffs, one of the classes that I probably went to,
I'd say three or four of the classes the whole term,
we had a final and I ended ended up cheating on the test got caught
i thought it would all get brushed under the rug which it didn't and ended up getting a three-term
suspension which would have taken me into the first half of the season the next year so it was
a pretty easy decision to leave and ended up uh getting to go play in Calgary, my hometown team for the Hitmen,
which ended up turning out well.
You said you were drafted at that point by Colorado.
How pissed off were they that you got busted cheating?
You know what, actually?
I don't think they were that upset because at Dartmouth we played 33 games
and then I ended up playing over 100 the next year for Calgary, including playoffs.
So I don't think they were too upset with it.
Mr. Gagliardi, cheating is not acceptable at Dartmouth College.
I could see you're just like, fuck you, I'm going to the dub, bud.
What's the dub?
Yeah, you know what?
Whit, it's pretty funny.
The way they told me I was suspended, they didn't even do a meeting or anything.
They slipped a little note under my dorm room door that said yeah you've been suspended three terms so uh all the boys knew what was going
on and i ended up meeting with them all at the gym and just said hey i got three terms so i'm out of
here so that team was actually crazy it's random i was just talking about that dartmouth team
because there wasn't there eight guys who played in the NHL from that team I think it was loaded yeah yeah we had uh David Jones Tanner Glass Ben Lovejoy uh JT Wyman Nick
Johnson uh probably missing a couple guys but we we had a hell of a team or just couldn't put it
together uh what was Ben Lovejoy like in uh in uh college? I play with him in Wilkes-Barre. He's a
bit of a quirky guy, isn't he? Definitely, yeah. He was a senior when I was a freshman there, so
he was definitely an introvert. He used to lube himself up after every single skate head to toe
with Vaseline and lotion, which was kind of a weird thing for me to see, but a hell of a player
and definitely a good guy. I keep see but a hell of a player and definitely
a good guy keep in touch with him now every now and then and another guy I play with in Wilkes-Barre
was Nick Johnson he was more of a space cadet but definitely a beauty oh yeah absolutely he was a
hell of a player himself too and good guy we I think team there, we probably partied a little too much and weren't as focused as the,
uh,
on the on ice activities.
Well,
Dartmouth's a bunch of drunks.
People get crushed at that too.
You're in the middle of New Hampshire.
What the fuck else are you going to do?
What about when,
didn't you guys have like a boa constrictor that got too big and you had
to get rid of it?
Yeah,
that was,
uh,
that was the year before I got there.
So,
uh, Tanner glass and those guys, they, they bought one when it was pretty small.
And I think over the course of a year or two, it got pretty big.
And they tried to give it back to the pet store.
They wouldn't take it.
They tried to give it to the SPCA.
They wouldn't take it.
And I think one night they actually got themselves as high as they possibly could
on every drug they could find. And I think they ended up actually got themselves as high as they possibly could on every drug they
could find and i think they ended up actually killing it oh jesus oh god we're gonna peter's
way to go poor snake yeah a funny story from a guy that's uh that's been vegan for almost five years
you mentioned the cheat and a little trivia i'm not sure if you're aware of this but godmuth was
actually the inspiration for Animal House.
The co-screenwriter, Chris Miller, he was at a frat there,
so it's kind of funny because there was a cheating part of the movie.
So it's kind of funny you're telling a cheating story.
That was a pivotal plot point in the Animal House.
Yeah, Dartmouth was a big inspiration.
The frat right next door to the hockey frat was the one that inspired Animal House.
TJ, you ended up going
over to calgary and playing with ryan white who was in the coyotes organization guys here loved
him you got any funny stories about whitey oh man uh i'd say whitey was probably of every guy i ever
played with other than maybe jumbo he was the hardest on his teammates he used to just rip into our goalie after every
period if he had an off night and definitely was all over guys in the locker room but everyone
loved him because he was one of those heart and soul players that you know he wasn't afraid to
drop the gloves and we had an unreal team that year but uh we couldn't put it together and and
we we weren't able to make it to the mem Cup like everyone thought we would. Well, you know, you turn pro and you spend, you know,
one year in the NHL mostly, a couple NHL games.
But then the next year, your rookie year, good season.
But how about the guys on that team that you got to play?
I think was it Yipper, Shane O'Brien?
Who else was on that club in Denver?
Oh, man, that team was all time.
We had 12 single guys, which nowadays,
I mean, I I'm still in touch with a lot of guys that I played with that are still going. And
I feel like nowadays there's usually one or two single guys on the team now. So, uh, back then it
was, it was pretty fun to, to roll with our crew. Yeah. We had Yepper, O'Reilly, uh, Shane O'Brien,
Crowe yeah we had Yepper O'Reilly uh Shane O'Brien Chris Stewart uh who else was there now we we had a Ryan O'Byrne we had a ton of guys that were just it was let's just say we had a we
had a good time in that city a bunch you actually went on a trip to Cancun and that's where you
met Whit for the first time correct yeah actually so I had a i think we had uh from our team i think we maybe
had eight guys and me and shatty were roommates so we got there and i hadn't really talked with
any guys on any other teams about where they were going and we show up and we had this cool little
this suite i guess you'd call it where we we had our own hot tub and i think there were about
eight of them or six of them that same style in the hotel.
And we check in and we're walking outside.
We go check out our hot tub and I look at the one right next to us
and it's got Halsey in the hot tub, Wet Dog.
I think Garnier was in there and probably a handful other Oilers guys.
So we ended up having a good time.
And I think we all pre-partied together
and went out every night as a crew. Yeah, that was, and then my buddies, Donnie and Nettie were
there too. Ned since come on chiclets. So dude, remember that asshole we were playing volleyball
against? What was that clown's name? Oh my God. Shaddy remembers Shaddy cause Shaddy always says
his name whenever I see him. Yeah, it was Rick, I think.
Rick, dude.
He's a clown, Rick.
I think he was wearing khakis out on the beach in Cabo,
taking a volleyball dead serious,
diving for points, trying to shit talk us.
We were just like, Rick, take it easy, Rick.
I can't believe I remembered that guy's name.
Yeah, that's why you went to Dartmouth.
that guy's name yeah that was a that's why you went to dartmouth
hey can you give us a backstory on the cc35 name for that crew oh man okay so we so this was the year before that it was uh olympic break and we had a crew
of guys i think we had i think we were maybe 12 deep where we were all going to Cancun and and
Wayne Simmons booked the whole trip he set everything up and we all just said yeah we're
going and I think it was yeah I think it was 35 days before I decided to do an upper body workout
every day before the trip so that's where the CC35 came from. And all the boys found out.
And of course, were ripping on me for it.
But I think I was looking pretty good on the beach on that trip.
That's what Brendan Yip texted me.
He said, I think we call it the CC35 trip.
Because 35 days out, we all started doing push-up ladders
leading up to it in the dressing room after practice.
Yeah, well, we got to this hotel and i
think probably every young student in canada has been to it it was uh it was the grand oasis yeah
i've been there i've been there um so we showed up i i thought we were going to be staying at some
nice five-star resort and we walk in and i'm looking around i'm like i told stewie i said
what the hell is this place are you kidding me me? And he's like, Oh, just, just wait, just wait.
We walked out into the pool and there were thousands of kids just partying because it was a
Canadian reading week at the time. That's fucking hilarious. Now going back to Colorado,
Forsberg and Sackick always came across as like laid back superstars with quiet personalities,
or at least that's how they came across.
Did either of them ever like lose their shit in the locker room and flip out?
Did that ever happen?
Sackick kind of had the personality as far as when I was there,
where he kind of just was very dry and he'd throw out little chirps here and
there. He got into it with LaPerriere,
Ian LaPerriere once in the locker room uh he was chirping lappy
about he dropped a stick and blocking a shot and then he kicked his stick and the guy got a penalty
shot and sack it came over and was just chirping him saying that's what happens when you're not in
position and uh just you know he was one of those guys that it's hard to explain his his sense of
humor but the guy ran the organization even when he was playing i remember we had a we had a He was one of those guys that it's hard to explain his sense of humor,
but the guy ran the organization even when he was playing.
I remember we had a morning skate scheduled once,
and he told the GM and the coach, he said,
no, no, we're not doing this skate.
We're getting right on the plane and leaving.
Of course, within an hour, we were on the plane in the air.
It was pretty cool to see a guy have that kind of impact.
Sounds like Mario.
Yeah, definitely a Mario move.
Another guy we don't hear much about, played forever, Milan Heyduke.
What's that guy like in the locker room?
Really quiet, but you get some drinks into him, and he's an unreal guy.
He liked to party with the boys, but definitely a quiet guy,
just a sniper, went about his job and just could score like pretty much no one I ever saw.
Hey, so we're also looking,
I'm kind of looking through this team before we move on from Colorado,
but what a crazy group this was.
And then you're seeing Ryan O'Reilly now just dominate his way to all season,
carrying the Blues into the cup final.
Were you buddies with him hanging out? I mean, you just, we've had
guys on before that just say he's just as cool
as they come. Just good looking guy.
I think he plays the fucking guitar or whatever
it is. Is that how it was with you and him?
Yeah, so he came in, he was 18
years old and even at that age
everyone was like, man, this kid's got something
and especially on the
ice and off, like he just
he's just an unreal guy and uh so modest
but so good at everything that he does so he uh definitely has one of those personalities that's
super contagious and you kind of want to be around him just a salt of the earth guy so i'm really
happy to see him doing so well i didn't want to see it at the cost of jumbo losing but it's it's
good when you got friends on both teams and you know one of them's going to see it at the cost of Jumbo losing, but it's, it's good when you got friends on both teams and you know,
one of them is going to be happy at the end.
It's so crazy. That kid, like he gets drafted 33rd overall, right?
His last year junior gets 66 points,
like not even a point per game and then doesn't ever play a game in the
AHL. It's just wild. Like, cause then I'm sure he showed up at camp.
Like you're saying, you're like, what the fuck? How is this kid?
33rd pick, you know? Yeah. He's a stud. Because then I'm sure he showed up at camp, like you're saying, and you're like, what the fuck? How is this kid 33rd pick, you know?
Yeah, he's a stud.
He came in at the same time as Duchesne,
and Duchesne was kind of a highly touted guy,
and, you know, supposed to be the face of the franchise.
And then O'Reilly was there, too, and everyone's like,
whoa, this kid's, like, just as good as Dutchie.
We know goalies are, generally speaking, weirdos. Was Paddy Waty waugh a weirdo and if so how was he a weirdo i actually didn't get to i didn't get to play with him but i
heard some funny stories uh i had a weird goalie in colorado myself craig anderson who was my my
roommate on the road for for two years there and i love the guy he was uh definitely a character
his go-to move when we'd
get to the hotel was to gear down right away and just get into bed and he wouldn't leave his bed
like room service guy every road trip yeah all day every day room service
oh that makes me sick so then you end up getting traded over to san jose that must have been a
little bit uh a little awkward you guys had some bad blood back and forth between playoff series, didn't you?
Yeah, so we played them the year before in the first round,
and I was just tearing into guys every shift
and trying to get guys to fight me and playing that chippy style.
And, of course, the next year at the deadline, I get the call,
and they say, oh, well, you're going to San Jose.
So I'm like, all right, this should be interesting.
So I flew in. We right, this should be interesting. Um, so I flew in,
we got in super late at night. I think it was about midnight.
Get to the, get to the hotel morning, skate in the morning, you know,
pleasantries with the guys shaking some hands.
First guy I see is Dougie Murray, who I used to just tear into and, uh,
both of us just stare at each other for,
for probably,
it seemed like forever and then just kind of both start laughing. Cause that's just the hockey.
That's the hockey lifestyle right there.
You understand that it's a game.
And when you're out there,
you're going to be,
you're going to be going for your own team and whatever you say on the ice,
as long as you're not crossing the line is all part of it.
But anyways,
so we,
we play a game that night.
I think we played Philly. We, him one nothing and then uh my good buddy jason demers goes hey listen we're we're
going out after the game we're going to dougie murray's place he's having a little party
so uh change up and i'll come pick you up at the hotel and we'll head over there so
he picks me up i don't know what to expect here I'd heard some stories about Dougie but uh wasn't sure so we get there knock on the door the door opens there's
three girls no tops on at all just little stickies over their nipples and they say hey this this is
no shirt party you gotta you gotta get your shirts off if you want to come in here so that was my
first experience with the Sharks. Hey you go from chirping how bad his boots are in playoffs that he can't even turn around
because he fucking turns like an 18 wheeler and next thing you know he's trying to get you tap
and kills well you could see why the guy could drink like no one i'd ever seen before in my life
so he uh he definitely knew how to have fun off the ice but he was a warrior on it
it's crazy how you hear about people around the league like ryan malone that kid can drink i mean
he'll put you right under the table drink you right out doug murray's name just resonated
throughout the league that this guy could party yeah i mean you look at the size of the guy's head
and it and his body is just the thickest human you ever play against.
I think he popped out at least four shoulders a year just crushing guys.
Yeah, when I was at BU, we went up to play Cornell.
Doug Murray, I think he injured two or three people.
He gave me a concussion by just the noise, the sound made
when the puck hit the crossbar.
He was shot at 130 miles an hour.
So I was conked from that ping in my ear.
So I just remember being like,
I can't imagine this kid at the bars after.
I mean, you couldn't even,
he was like the fat guy on ice hockey
where you just would bounce off him
with the skinny guy in Nintendo.
Yeah, you got to stay away from that guy on the ice.
He was a unit.
Shafty McGinty was his nickname
that Jumbo created for him first time i
ever met murray was in vegas he he just came up behind me i'd never even shook hands with the guy
put me right on his shoulders and then chugged two bud lights back to back and then let me down
he was like dancing in the club it was marquee nightclub in las vegas at the cosmopolitan hotel
uh one interesting thing you said was thatumbo was really hard on his teammates.
What did you mean by that?
Well, Jumbo's a guy who, you know, he demands so much out of everyone,
including himself.
So if he thinks you're not doing 100, he's going to let you know.
And no one was off limits.
He'd go after Patty Marlowe quite a bit while I was there.
And, you know, I think think i forgot who it was i think it was demers that told the story of him uh chirping chloe for
for taking that bad penalty and ended up breaking uh boiler's nose and the scuffle in the locker
room so i got a front row seat for that one too but uh you knew if you were going to be on the
ice with jumbo that if you
didn't do everything you could to get him the puck he was going to tear into you so uh it was
something it was something you had to know was coming if you were playing with him and i was
lucky enough to get to play with him for a few months on a line and that was literally all i'd
do is get him the puck and the few times that I didn't he'd be on the bench and
Kelly are you are you kidding me what why are you not giving me giving that to me I'm like
Jumbo you had two guys on you there but he wants it all day uh were you surprised that the output
of Logan Couture this spring I mean he's had an unbelievable run it's over now but I did you think
he was as this capable of putting on this much of a show come playoff time yeah the guy's unbelievable i mean
if i was a gm starting a team he'd be up there on the list of guys i'm going after not only
oh man he's unbelievable yeah but like he can no i'm sorry you can go into it but i'm wondering
like does he what does he blow like none of his skills are like the best you've ever seen right
it's just it's just the entire package put together yeah that's it i mean he does it all power play penalty kill any situation and just knows how to play the right way at the
right time like he's not going to be the guy that you know you got a one goal lead and he's trying
to dangle the guy at the blue line it's just he's super smart as hockey iqs through the roof so uh
i love cooch he's an unreal guy and an unreal player. You got to play with some pretty fun guys on that San Jose team.
Scott Gomez, another one who's really good to his teammates,
fun guy to have around.
You got any Scotty G stories?
So G Love, self-proclaimed nickname G Love,
he was on the fourth line when I was in San Jose,
and his go-to line would be, if you want to win, put G Love in.
And he'd be after the game saying, boys, boys,
you've got to play G-Love 20 minutes if you want to win.
Didn't matter if he played five.
He'd be saying, I should be playing 20 because the boys will win
if I'm playing 20.
But a great guy.
Didn't matter if there were one-on-one for dinner
or if there were 15 guys for dinner.
G-Love was paying for it every time, all year,
the second I met him until the second he left.
You have to get a ticket.
The most generous person I've ever met.
He was in Boston with Jay Pandolfo one time.
This was probably 2008, maybe.
Maybe 2007.
Like, I had met him for maybe five seconds and we ended
up at a bar that those guys were at and i had this huge table like 15 people at the table the bill
i was like ah this is going to be a heavy one tonight and then the woman comes on a bottle
service girl she's like yeah mr gomez paid for it like 15 my buddies, and I'd met him for 10 seconds. He's the best guy.
It's unreal.
Yeah, that doesn't surprise me one bit.
And his go-to line every time was,
you know what, boys, market was good today.
So market was good today.
It's on me.
You seem like a morale guy,
at least from some of the people that I've talked to via text.
One guy texted me, we had a playoff push,
and every game we won, the MVP got to cut a piece of his hair off.
Can you tell that story?
Yeah, that was kind of random.
So I think we were actually in Arizona,
and our team was on a bit of a slump in San Jose,
and I just always would screw around.
I think that's why a lot of coaches hated me.
But I think I had wrapped, you know, that pre-wrap that you put on
before you tape your ankle or something like that?
Yeah.
I taped that all around my head for two-touch just being an idiot.
And then I came back to the training room and still had it on.
And I think Jumbo was like, oh, golly, there's a piece kind of sticking out here.
Let me get it for you.
And I had long hair at the time.
And Jumbo, of course course snips it and takes a huge
lock on my hair out while he did it. So he's dying laughing.
I'm just like, whatever, you can't get mad at Jumbo. So we play the game,
we end up winning and we started a streak. So after every game, he's like, Oh,
you know, we won the next game. And he goes, Gally, we gotta,
we gotta snip the hair again. It's rolling. It's working for us. So, i'm a team guy so i'm like all right right after the game we win he gets
the scissors out in front of all the boys he gets to take another snip out and you know fast forward
several games i'm like okay boys we got to get someone else here so we started kind of picking
a guy to do every game whoever was the mvp got to got to slice some hair out of whoever they
wanted and of course they picked me most of the time so my hair was pretty ratty by the end of
the playoff race there but funny story so we we were at home in playoffs i think it was in the
second round and we won we we beat la in a game and our owner was at the game this uh german guy hassa planter and he he was in the
locker room after and uh i think jumbo got the scissors and he was the mvp and he called hassa
and cut a slice of his hair out in front of all the boys just cutting a billionaire's hair in
front of all the team in front of the team so after san jose you end up with the hometown flames
uh to potter was that a childhood
dream come true? And B, did Bob Hartley make it a nightmare for you? We've heard some stories about
him. All right, you're pretty much bang on there. So Doug Wilson, the GM of the Sharks, at the end
of that playoff run, he basically said, you know what, we're up against it with the cap.
I'll give you the chance if you want to go if you
want to go somewhere I've got 10 teams that'll take you which was pretty cool at that point
and once I saw Calgary on the list I said yeah 100 I always wanted to play there which I had
the blinders on which was kind of a mistake I didn't really do my due diligence to to ask the
boys on the team what it's like with old Bob, but ended up going there.
He was definitely not my favorite coach I ever had.
One of those kind of weird guys where it didn't matter what was going on.
If you had just played an unreal game, if there was something in his head
where he had a feeling he was going to change a lineup or whatever.
in his head where he had a feeling he was going to change the lineup or whatever.
So I remember one game, David Jones wore a bow tie to the game,
and Bob Healthy scratched him for wearing a bow tie.
Are you kidding me? Really?
Fuck on that one. Wow.
Yeah, 100. And then I think it was probably a week after that, we had played in Ottawa.
We had a back-to-backer, Ottawa first, and then Toronto.
I had a really good game in Ottawa.
I think I had an assist.
And then we get to Toronto the next day.
I see the lineup on the board, and my number's not on it.
So I'm like, what's going on here?
So I go into his office, and I'm like, Bob, what's going on?
I don't see my number on the board.
And he goes, you know, Gally Papa.
He called me Gally Papa.
He goes, Gally Papa, last game I watched you in warm-ups. board and he goes uh you know galley papa he called me galley papa he goes galley papa last
game i watched you in warm-ups uh you got off the ice with five minutes left and i said yeah yeah
bob i did i've been doing that my whole career and he's like well what do you think that looks
like to me galley oh my god i said i don't really know bob uh you'd have to tell me he said well
it looks like you're not being fully prepared for the game,
so you're not going to play tonight to think about that.
Jesus Christ.
You're like, how did I play in the game, dude?
Exactly.
But you couldn't really argue with the guy because he was, yeah,
he was a bit of a, yeah, let's just leave it at that.
Next game, you're bags skating yourself doing double dickies.
You're fucking staring at them the entire time.
I did pull an unreal play, Biz, that you probably would have loved.
I wonder if you did this ever in your career.
We were in Detroit, and I knew I was in for a real bagger that day
because we had a few days before a game.
And I remember I went up to hoods yuri hudler and
said hey do you know the rink guy here uh here's a hundred bucks give it to him to come on right
after the boys finished finished the pre-game skate and just use an excuse and he said okay
i'll try to i'll try to do that so we finished the morning skate and of course bob's ready to
pull the guys in to just take them for an absolute ride, do a bunch of mountains.
And this Zamboni guy cracks the gate open with a huge smile on his face
and kicks the boys off the ice.
So I got myself out of a bagger for 100.
Get the fuck out of here. That's unbelievable.
Hilarious.
Yeah, it was a lifesaver.
Oh, God, that's such a veteran move. I never did that once.
But some rinks, I think what you're slotted into is, what,
until quarter after is usually what the time was.
And most teams are pretty strict where the guy would come out.
But you'd always be, like, motherfucker when the guy, like, didn't care.
He's like, no, take your time, guys.
We don't rush.
Your game's not until 7.
And you're like, I'm going to slit this guy's throat.
Yeah, you're looking at every minute thinking, oh, my God, I'm dying here.
So my last year in the peg, I did a lot of those bag skates.
So I definitely have a good feeling for how long you're going to be on
and when the Zamboni guy is going to save your ass.
You mentioned Yerry Hudlow.
We've heard he's quite a character.
What kind of shenanigans was he up to with your one year with him in Calgary?
Yeah, Hoods was, you know what, he's one of those guys that loves to be
center of attention, but he's such a funny personality,
and his give-a-shit meter is probably lower than anyone I ever played with.
So he literally played a game once where he took a stick out of,
it was Giordano's stick, so it was probably six inches too long for him.
And he literally played a full game with it.
And I think he had two assists. Just the guy who just did not care, but he was so skilled
that he was good every night.
First time I ever met him off the ice was at the Montreal Grand Prix.
He came into some place called Globe.
It was like a supper club.
I think he ordered two bottles of champagne and left,
and then Teddy Purcell ended up having to pay the tab for him.
Yeah, you know what?
He loved the champagne, and he loved the flash.
In New York, we went out in New York, and I think every place we went,
he'd go, three of your best bottles of champagne. I'm like, like our crew is five deep we can't finish this at every place he's
like oh don't worry about don't worry about it and he would pick up the tab yeah he'd like to
spend it man I think he spent one one time we were in LA we were there for two days I think
he spent 25 grand in two days there I'm pretty sure i'm right with that number too
on what like louis vuitton and all that kind of shit are just straight bottles
he liked the bottles he liked the louis he uh i think he stayed in a different hotel too by
himself so he could be closer to the action hey guys real quick let's talk about sofi for a minute
all right did you know that millennials have three times as much student debt as their parents?
That's not right.
But you can get your student loans right by refinancing your loans with SoFi.
It's a fast and easy process, all online.
It only takes two minutes to check your rate.
Refinancing your student loans could save you thousands.
SoFi is the leading student loan refinancer in the U.S.
They've refinanced
hundreds of thousands of student loans and 98 of SoFi members would recommend it to a friend.
It's fast, easy, all online. You can check your rate in two minutes and lock in at a fixed low
rate. Have one simply monthly payment and when you refinance your student loans with SoFi,
you also get access to SoFi membership and exclusive benefits to help you get ahead with
your money, life, and career.
Check your rate in two minutes on SoFi.com slash chicklets.
That's S-O-F-I dot com slash chicklets.
Also, SoFi Lending Corp CFL number 6054612.
TJ, your last NHL season was with Winnipeg in 14-15.
Then you ended up in Sweden.
How did that transpire? Was there a better offer over there? Were you looking for a change of pace? Did the NHL season was with Winnipeg in 14-15. Then you ended up in Sweden. How did that transpire?
Was there a better offer over there?
Were you looking for a change of pace?
Did the NHL have enough of you?
What went on there that you ended up in Sweden?
Yeah, my last year in the PEG, I really didn't play much.
I just kind of was a bit of a jester, as Biz calls it.
But I was kind of sick of the game, to be honest, at the end of that year.
Some people said, you know what go
to sweden it's a good spot you'll have fun there which i don't know if that was entirely true that
league is insane how hard guys work and you're in sweden and there'll be some good holy shit in
practice too you know these guys are trying to kill you kill you in practice and just a ridiculous
league i would you couldn't pay me a zillion dollars to play there but uh yeah that's kind trying to kill you in practice, and just a ridiculous league.
You couldn't pay me a zillion dollars to play there. But, yeah, that's kind of why I went there
and ended up only staying half a year because I got a sports hernia.
And they said, yeah, if you want to go back and rehab in Canada, you can go.
So I was on the first plane out of there.
Malmo, is that the team that's pretty close to Copenhagen, though?
You ever go over there?
Or am I thinking of the wrong city?
No, you're right.
That's the one.
So there's a little train that you can take across the bridge.
It takes, I think, 15 minutes to get into Copenhagen.
So we'd go there every now and then.
I think we had our team party, our rookie party there,
whatever they call it over there.
So it was definitely a good city.
After that, it was over to the khl
let's go baby we'll put you on the most wanted list in russia just like wit
yeah this is the main event here talking about russia i've heard some of the stories from other
guys on the on the pod here so i definitely have a handful so So after that year in Sweden, I signed a PTO just like you guys in St. Louis.
Didn't crack the squad.
So we went back.
We went back home, my wife and I, and just kind of hung out.
I was kind of enjoying doing nothing for a while.
And then eventually I said, all right, I got to play this year.
And then eventually I said, all right, I got to play this year. And after Christmas, I ended up signing with Zagreb in the KHL for a month,
just kind of to get my feet wet into the league.
And then I knew I was going to leave after that.
So I had a bunch of options where to go.
And one of the teams was called Nizhnikom's Neftekimik,
so a place no one had ever heard of of and a top three shithole in the
KHL but I'm they they were paying more than anyone else and crazy bonuses for every win and points
and all this so I said oh you know what there's two months left in the year how bad can it be
uh sent the wife home went by myself there and uh i think it was it was probably the
biggest shithole in the world that i've ever been to for sure hands down so everything with as you
know everything is all in russian in the room coach comes in for his pre-game talk russian
any practice stuff russian so you just are kind of a zombie.
Anyways, our team, we were decent.
We were kind of fighting for playoffs.
And every single game that we won, every guy got three grand U.S., including all the players that played, the massage guys, the coaches,
all the staff.
So it was a weird setup.
So if the team won, everyone was on cloud nine and
if the team lost everyone was pissed off and depressed but funny thing funny story our owner
who was this uh he owned this the biggest petrochemical factory in in russia he showed
up a couple times and he'd be you know typical russian guy be wearing all black he'd uh he had
his uh his big bodyguards with him he'd come in right before the good boys go on the ice
speak a bunch of russian guys are all fired up so i'd ask one of the guys hey what do you say
and uh the guy would be like oh yeah instead of three grand today it's 15 grand a guy if we win
so playing uh scott bonus no, they, that,
that's a guaranteed loss when you were playing those guys, but, uh,
they'd always get fired up for the, uh, those regional rivalries.
So when we'd play UFA, they'd always get fired up and get the wallet going.
But, uh, the, the money was good there,
but the crazy thing that happened to me was, uh, we, we played a game.
I got hit from behind a little and jammed up my wrist and ended up getting an MRI.
They said, oh, it's not broken, but you should probably take seven days off where you can't stick handle.
And this is all through a translator, of course, or Google Translate.
So I get to the rink the next day and it's a game day. And I just expect to do a workout or something and wait and see what happens,
see if the risk gets better for, for the next week or so. But no, of course the,
our goalie coach comes up to me.
He was the only other guy that spoke English other than our head coach and
says, Hey, Nazzy wants to see you. Our coach was Andre Nazaroff,
who was a fighter in the NHL for a long time.
R.A., you probably know that guy.
Yeah, he did a stint in Boston.
I remember Naz well.
Yeah, so I go into his office.
I keep going off on beers with him.
Yeah, so I go into his office, and he goes, yeah, what happened with your wrist?
And I told him the story, and he goes, oh, is it broken?
So I said, no, it's not broken. He goes, okay, well,
we'll give you a needle so you can play. So I'm like, all right, well,
we're playing a shitty team. Why not? I will see. Can't be that bad.
So I go in the trainer guy pulls my pants down,
gives me a shot in my butt cheek. So play the game goes.
All right. Later that night, i got extremely sick you know throwing up everything so i'm like oh what the hell is going on whatever
couple the next day i get about 100 ivs in the rink and then the day after that i go back we
got another game i play the game didn't get hit nothing barely got touched in the game
and after the game i could barely walk
but and my hip was just killing me and i was thinking okay i didn't get hit didn't fall
nothing weird happened something's going on here fast forward a bit i uh i ended up going getting
an mri again they get the results back our team doctor goes oh it's nothing you're fine you can
play it by this point i could barely walk so called my agent said hey something's really wrong here with my hip
um you gotta you gotta talk to the gm here and figure out what's gonna happen because this town
i was in the the hospitals were like a 1940s ridiculous just a disaster. Oh, it was disgusting. So anyways, the GM says, okay, here's your option.
You can, you can stay and work with our doctors here, or you can go to Moscow and pay for yourself
to go there. So yeah, I was, I was gone that day to Moscow. Turns out I got all these tests done turns out i got a uh infection in my hip which came from
the needle that they gave me in my butt fuck was it a staff infection i'm sorry it it wasn't a
staff infection it was some really weird infection that can only be transmitted through a needle so i i had to get on some hardcore
antibiotics and had a bit of a dispute with the team over my last paycheck but uh i had to show
up at the rink every my agent just said hey show up at the rink every day make sure you show your
face and you'll get paid so i did that for a straight, went home at the end of the year, got my last paycheck.
Fuck.
And then I see you finished off in Riga, Latvia.
What a city.
Oh, yeah.
That was a good spot.
We just had the worst team ever, though.
Just the Latvian guys,
they can't really compete with the Russians.
It's just such a small country.
And we had some fun, too, though. It was a good team. But I could tell by the end, it's just such a small country. We had some fun too, though.
It was a good team.
I could tell by the end of it, I think we lost 11 in a row
and just decided, you know what, it's time to pack it in here.
Since then, I'm pretty happy to not have to put the skates on anymore.
I would imagine you were with your wife at that time,
but I traveled there to play an exhibition game
when we were playing the World Premier Games we played the the riga team i think sandus ozulinch
is from there and played for he played for the team or yeah ozul was our coach oh well there
you go but uh but there were so many smoke shows in the crowd like some of the most beautiful women
in the world come from there. Yeah, you're right.
I think the best two I've ever been to are Latvia and Croatia, hands down.
Yeah, those are both sick.
So, dude, you just realized it was time?
Was it a hard decision when you hung them up,
or how did that kind of go for you?
No, it wasn't that hard, actually. I think by that point, especially with the whole shit show in russia i said you know what it's it's time to do something new here and i'm not the guy
who's going to be grinding it out for you know five ten more years and all these obscure leagues
over in europe and asia and wherever else they have them nowadays so i was ready to do something
new and flex some different muscles try to get get the brain going. And the timing worked out really well with us starting this company
and things are going well on that front.
So it's been a great transition.
One big topic we forgot to mention going back to Russia.
On a scale of 1 to 10, how good is the Russian gas?
The Russian gas is awesome, actually.
One thing I did while I was there is I said,
I want to get everything you know
all these crazy needles that they get before the games i'm like you know just fill me up boys
whatever it is so i was uh i was getting the ivs you know right before the game in the hotel the
night before the game and i think it's all just bullshit but the gas you know when you were when
you were stressed out or something you could just go to the Team Baza, get the gas going,
and just lay back and feel great.
Fuck, that's unbelievable.
One thing we did glance over was the fact that usually at the end of the seasons
in San Jose, Jumbo Joe would organize a trip to Vegas with the boys.
And do you have any funny stories about Jumbo in Vegas?
Yeah, yeah.
So that was one of the greatest things.
You know, you lose at the end of the year and you're pretty pissed off and sad.
And then, you know, the next, that following weekend, whenever that is,
you're getting on a plane with Jumbo and the boys and going to Vegas
to kind of drown your sorrows.
So Jumbo would always get the PJ fired up for a handful of guys.
We'd get on there, fly down to Vegas, and light it up on the weekend.
But my first year there, we get there, and Jumbo's wife, Tabea,
was pregnant with their first kid.
So she was due, I think, that weekend.
And he's like, no, no, no, I'm going with the boys.
I got to go.
So we get on the plane
we land jumbo never wants to never really wants to be alone like he always wants to be around the
boys so he goes galley come come down to the tables with me and i don't gamble but i'm happy
to watch so we get down there and this guy's just going crazy like i just i don't even know how much
he was doing a hand but let's just say he was down quite a bit
and his phone rings and it's it's today and she says yeah it's time so he goes all right boys
that's it gets right back in the limo right back to the to the airport right on his pj flew home
so he was only there for probably two hours lost I'd say six figures plus and was on the plane and and then had the baby and he's just
one of those guys that uh he's even keel no matter what so uh the next year something funny too so
all the boys were out on the on that first Friday night it's you know pedal down we're going hard
Jumbo had a good day on the tables before we went out so the bill comes i
think it was i think it was 28 grand or something and he goes all right boys this is on me pulls out
a huge wad of cash pays it in cash which is you know he's a generous guy too like he loved picking
up the tab for the boys so i think it was fast forward a week later he calls me he goes galley
you won't believe what happened and uh i'm like oh what happened he goes well remember remember the night when i when i paid
with the cash right and i go yeah he goes well i looked i looked today at my credit card statement
they dinged me up for the 28 grand on my card as well oh fuck wow so the so whoever the uh bottle girl was she just took his 28 and then
charges his credit card later that night too but did he clear the air he's got a lot of clout in
that city i know when i rolled through a few times he was there like he's wheeling around
with some big boys they probably reimbursed him back that 28k well that's what i said i'm like
call him up and he goes ah you know you're
up you're down galley you're up you're down buddy jesus got robbed by some waitress oh yeah yeah
and one more one more of those vegas stories so that first year um uh this is a good guy too marty
to bring up uh he didn't have a great run in San Jose, but just an unbelievable player and an unbelievable guy.
I got to spend a lot of time with him there.
And I was telling him all leading up to the trip, I'm like, hey, Marty, you and I are going to be roommates for sure.
Which, you know, you'd never have a roommate out there, but I was just screwing around with him.
So we get to Biz's second home, the Cosmo.
to biz's second home the cosmo and uh i whoever the host was i said hey man you got to get me a room that's uh a joint to another room here and and put marty in that room so i got there before
him and he set me up in this room that had a huge like not just the door between the rooms but almost
like a sliding door like a big space so so i get set up in there and
i'm just waiting for marty to show up he shows up in the room and right as he gets there i had
the tunes cranked in my room and i just was geared down just to screw with him and had the door open
and he was he was dying because we were going to be roommates on that trip unreal yeah those are
those are the connector suites and they got like the wraparound balconies
they got the kitchen in them they were originally supposed to be apartments oh wow yeah no that's
the place we had some good times there for sure especially with uh with daddy demers
always a good time with him oh he's a blast um this is from an anonymous anonymous texter i'm not going to give his uh
his name out um when he was single never seen a guy build a fence like g
uh man that could be that could probably be any guy i ever played with sending you that text so
wow are you one of those guys you like to build fences around the ladies? I mean, I don't want to go into it too much, but yeah, let's say I wasn't afraid
to bust out the old fence materials.
Cock block material.
For those of you who don't know what build a fence means,
it just means like when there's a girl there and there's a bunch of the boys
attracted to her around, you build a fence.
That way you're the only one talking or create the separation.
Bit of a vet move if she's worth it,
and hopefully that's how you lock down the old lady.
Yeah, the old lady was a different story.
I played at Dartmouth with her brother, so that's when we first met.
Yeah, that's great.
I mean, he must trust you if he knew you in college
and still let you marry his sister.
Oh, yeah, we're still close.
There we go. Well, that's pretty much all we got for you, buddy, unless in college and still let you marry his sister. Oh, yeah, we're still close. There we go.
Well, that's pretty much all we got for you, buddy,
unless you got any funny ones to wrap it up.
Oh, man, I think that's pretty good.
I wish I could give you some good yipper stories too,
but I'm going to let him off the hook on this one.
I'm probably going to see him in Boston next week,
so I'll let him know that he dodged the bullet on this one.
All right. Yeah. We'll have to,
we'll have to reciprocate if anything happens in Boston and get him on and tell
some stories about you. All right, buddy. Thanks for coming on, buddy.
That interview was also brought to you by Dollar Shave Club.
You know, those times when every day feels the same, like you're on autopilot.
Are you so caught up in your routine that you forget to take care of yourself?
Well, Dollar Shave Club makes it easy to take care of yourself when that happens.
Their quality products help me look, feel, and smell my best. I get everything I need from Dollar
Shave Club without going to a store. I've been using Dollar Shave Club for ages. I've been a
member for four or five years. Big fan of the shave butter. It's not like that cheap shaving
cream that gives you all zappers on your neck and you break out. It doesn't happen with Dollar
Shave Club. And as amazing as their doesn't happen with Dollar Shave Club.
And as amazing as their shave stuff is, Dollar Shave Club is way more than just razors.
They have everything I use.
Body wash.
Well, not so much the shampoo, but definitely the toothpaste.
You name it, they have it, and I use it.
Dollar Shave Club has spent years developing, crafting, and refining their products.
They're so much better than anything I've used before.
And right now, you can get a Dollar Shave Club starter set for just 5.
It comes with everything you need for a great shave.
The executive razor, shave butter, and face cleanser.
You're going to love it as much as I do.
So get your starter set for just 5 at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
Once again, a big thanks to TJ Gagliotti for stopping by.
Enjoyed chatting with him.
We love talking to all you old veterans who don't have to worry about what they say anymore.
Hey, boy, since the Cup was actually a busy few days in the wake of Game 7,
we had trades, signings, buyouts, so let's jump right into that.
The LA Kings decided to buy out the contract of 34-year-old defenseman Dion Phaneuf.
You don't buy me out, kid.
I buy you out.
I'm Mo Green.
The Kings are looking to get younger and faster,
so trading him really wasn't an option.
The team could use the cap space.
He had two years left on the seven-year, 49 million daily sandwich Toronto back in December of 2013.
Of course, he was later traded to Ottawa,
because Ottawa retained some of his salary when they traded him to L.A.
They're also on the hook for the buyout.
I don't know if you want me to boy you with the numbers,
but Biz, what's your take on this whole thing, the whole buyout here?
Yeah, it's unfortunate.
I mean, in today's NHL, when you're a guy making a lot of money
and you're not earning that, when the separation becomes so big,
you're more than likely going to get bought out.
I actually texted him today.
This is what I said. I said, hey, hey bud just texting to wish you well hope you land a
new spot because i i love dion he's a great guy um i'll mention his his charity right after this
but uh he he was just like thanks man i appreciate it he goes you know things happen for a reason
he's like one thing about dion is is when he used to get interviewed and and questioned in toronto
whenever it was involving the team he he would always like, you know,
back the guys up and say, you know, we got to be better.
And it always took a lot of the heat in Toronto for those guys
because he was being overpaid a little bit.
He was the captain during their dark days.
And whenever it was him getting ripped in the media,
which at the time it really was, it was like water off a duck's back.
He took a lot of abuse there.
So I was happy he got his money.
He's a way better teammate and guy than people probably give him credit for.
And just as like positive outlook on that,
I was just kind of like fucking rights, man.
And people are going to once again say, well, yeah,
he's fucking got a 50 to 75 sheets in the bank.
Of course he's like, whatever.
But this guy came in the league
with the Calgary Flames and I mean he was like one of the best young defensemen I think he had 20
goals in his rookie season I think he might even been up for the calder so all of a sudden you know
like slowly you decline and and you know this guy still loves the game and wants to play it's just
maybe his body can't do it like he used to so you know it's a it's a bit of a hit to the ego and and and i feel
bad for the guy but i hope he does land on his feet and uh and and sending positive vibes one
other thing is i we're going out east um i said hey maybe we'll we'll catch you around there and
he's he's uh he's got he does something for the special olympics he throws this big charity event
and i'm like oh that's awesome i said oh thanks for the invite like of course you wouldn't want
to be the second most famous guy at your own charity event, kind of joke with him.
And he goes, I am the second. He goes, I bring my wife because I could, because I could forgot,
right. Cause he's a movie star. So, so he kind of shot back at me. Good to see he hasn't lost
his sense of humor and personality. And Dion, if you hear about this, I love you, buddy. And,
and hopefully everything works out for you. Well, and even if he doesn't end up getting another contract, what a career he's had. And
I remember that his rookie year, I was a rookie as well. The Calder voting ended up going Ovechkin,
Crosby, Faneuf, I believe. And there was a night in Pittsburgh, we played Calgary. It was hockey
night in Canada, you know, Crosby, Faneuf, two star rookies going at it. And I remember thinking,
this guy, I cannot believe I'm a rookie and he's younger than me.
Like the level of play he was at,
he could skate,
he hammered guys.
He was tough.
He was a prick to play against his one time.
It was a joke.
So a couple of years there where he was a dominant force.
I remember people were really surprised.
He didn't make,
you know,
the Canadian Olympic team.
And I believe 2010,
uh,
if not 2006,
either way,
great player. Um, and it just, it, it just it time time kind of comes for everyone dude you know he's he's getting a little bit older his feet aren't as quick but
still it's been a great career well kings they're gonna save a little over four million against the
cap next season an additional uh one and a half million against the cap the following season
uh and per cap friendly for north he has 78.5 million in career earnings.
He certainly made his money.
So, you know, I've got to think he's probably going to maybe latch on
with a contender and possibly a lower-paid depth role
if someone could use him.
I mean, you know, you can never have too much veteran depth come playoff time.
I know, like you said, Biz, he's gotten old.
The game's gotten faster.
But, you know, I mean, he was on a bad team last year.
So perhaps in a new environment, new situation,
he might have a little left in the tank.
Yeah.
To me, personally, he's an NHL six now.
Yeah.
He's a good complement to your back pair who can kill penalties,
probably pay 15 minutes a night, and kind of in a similar situation
as what a Luke Shen would be.
Now, Luke Shen kind of went through a very
similar time maybe he didn't make as much money but he ended up getting traded to a good situation
for him in vancouver at the end of last year and they might even resign him and and he fit in well
there he's he's kind of like that uh the gudas type where he's a big bod he's always gonna play
physical he'll kill penalties he'll block shots. And you need one guy like that.
You need your sixth defenseman.
He was just, I mean, Dion got bought out because he was making too much
fucking money.
He's a million-dollar defenseman now.
Yeah, and, you know, he never won a cup,
so you got to think that might be his priority.
And quickly, his first three years, 20 goals, 17 goals, 17 goals,
and this guy was putting up close to 100 minutes.
In his third year, he had 182 penalty minutes.
He was a fighting guy. He was like the
defenseman.
If you wanted to build a defenseman on
a video game, you would have built him.
Definitely. Like I said,
we also had some trades, too, and the
Pittsburgh Penguins traded defenseman
Oli Matzah to the Chicago Blackhawks
for Dominic Cahoon in a fifth
rounder in the 2019 draft.
The 24-year-old Matta had spent his entire six-year career with the Penguins.
He won two Cups there.
He still has three more years remaining in his six-year 24.5 million deal.
It's a cap hit of just over four mil.
You know, more of a defensive D-man.
He really should help the Hawks clean up their own end.
And despite being a health bomb for the last three playoff games in the spring,
he still brings a wealth of big game experience,
and he's still only 24 years old.
Whit, what's your take on this one?
I think Chicago's trying to shore up a defensive side of the puck.
The only thing I'll say is he's not the fleetest of foot.
I mean, he's just not a great skater.
So even though he is young, that isn't a strength where now,
I feel like every great player can just
motor,
I will say there's,
there's times that he makes great plays with the,
with the puck.
He makes good decisions.
He makes them quick.
He's snapping breakout passes.
And then there's times he holds onto it a little bit too long.
He became the whipping boy in Pittsburgh.
You know,
it was,
it was,
it was Whitney part two.
He was probably,
probably better,
but still taking a lot of heat,
not overly physical, can turn the puck over.
I've seen it all before.
I've lived it.
But like you said, being young, there is an ability to maybe get a coach
that can kind of help him to play to his strengths a little bit better
than he had in Pittsburgh.
We'll see what types of minutes he gets,
but either way you could see it at some point in time,
you need to switch organizations, try to get a new start,
and that's where he's at now.
Initial thoughts, I just really don't like the trade for Chicago.
I think that he's overpaid for what he does.
He makes 4 million.
I think that other kid is, how do you pronounce his last name?
I think it's Cahoon.
Cahoon, yeah.
I mean, he's still fairly young and putting up decent numbers.
Now, I would imagine that he becomes Pittsburgh's third line center.
Right?
So he's proven that he can put up some numbers at the NHL level.
He did last year.
Decent numbers anyway.
And now all of a sudden you're getting better line matches
because you're behind Crosby and Evgeny Malkin so that make may make his life a lot easier and you know of course Pittsburgh's
got a decent team not saying Chicago doesn't have a good offensive team but Mata goes over there
where I mean his numbers don't pop out at you he's never really he's never really like progressed
last year if anything he regressed
he went through an injury he only ended up playing 60 games one goal 13 assists i mean like what is
he is is he a second unit power play guy is he is he is he really good defensively is he like what
does he do is he just because to me he's getting overpaid and he's essentially a five or six where it's just like  and then you're giving up on a young prospect
who's going to just create more depth up the middle for Pittsburgh.
I just really don't understand it.
Now, if they see something we don't where Mata's going to go there
and all of a sudden bump it up a few notches and play with Colleton
where maybe things aren't as less maybe things are less chaotic.
I feel like Sullivan would be the type of coach
where you're going to feel that pressure,
where Colleton's a lot more relaxed,
kind of like how DeBrinck described.
So maybe that'll be good for his game.
Maybe the way how they play run and gun will be good for his game.
But initial thoughts, don't like it at all.
Cahoon, he's 23.
He's got some speed, some skill.
He's got one more year left on his entry-level deal
that carries a 925,000 cap hit.
Who knows, man?
He could be one of these guys that the Penguins pick up as,
and he just has chemistry with Sid, man.
It seems for the whole time Sid's been in Pittsburgh,
what, 12, 13 years now,
he has a rotating cast of wingers that have come and gone.
And I don't know, this kid has some versatility
up and down the lineup
and it wouldn't surprise me if he gets some chemistry with him at some point.
Now saying that, it has him listed as a centerman.
I don't know if that's necessarily their plan.
I don't watch Chicago enough to know that.
So maybe he is going to go play the wing.
But either way, he has a little depth up the middle,
which they couldn't get with Broussard.
And who was there in playoffs?
Somebody else came in as third-line center.
Newkstad?
Yeah, he was a little  if that was their third-line center,
he was just a little bit quiet.
He had a decent end to the season with them.
McCann was a little bit better when he came over from Florida.
But I don't know.
Right now I'd say win for Pittsburgh.
And they get rid of Mata's deal.
Yeah, they shed salary, grab a pick, and pick up a guy who could be a pleasant surprise. So we'll see what happens. Next up, we also had a
very rare intra-division trade of defensemen between old Patrick division rivals, Washington
and Philly. On Friday, the Flyers sent Radko Gudis to DC in exchange for Matt Niskanen. It was the
first ever trade involving two full-time NHL players between the Caps and Flyers since the Caps entered the league in 1974.
Pretty crazy.
It's the 13th season for the 32-year-old Niskanen.
He's got two more years left on his deal.
That was a seven-year, 40 million daily sign back in July of 2014.
Has a 5.75 million cap hit.
29-year-old Gutis plays a hard physical game.
He's in the last year of a four-year 13.4
million dollar daily sign that's got a cap hit of 3.35 million this is just i don't swap a defenseman
the real one for one deal we don't see it too much anymore biz which i take on this one brother
um god i i really like the trade for philly i love it for philly too i love it for Philly too. I love it for Philly. My only issue is, is, is listen, I,
I don't watch the flyers a ton either. They're out East. Uh, my feeling is, is maybe there's
too much risk to reward for Goss's bear and maybe they're looking to move him where, where Niskanen
is a little bit less risky and maybe a little bit better, steadier, a little bit better defensively
where Proverov, is that how you say it? Yep.
He's a stud.
Okay?
So now if they did get rid of Goss' spare, I like it even more
because it would give them more room financially to do other things
like maybe potentially sign Hayes.
And what does Niskanen make, actually?
He makes quite a bit.
5.75, I think, for two more years.
Which I would imagine is kind of similar to what Gossespierre's making,
unless he signed a bridge deal.
But anyway, I can't see all of them coexisting
and them having enough money to sign Hayes
and then continue to build a winner.
But I'll say this, if they can get kind of interesting with a move
and get rid of Gossespierre and bolster the offense a little bit more,
I mean, Philly, I don't know what the odds are in a cup,
but I'd put some money on them right now if it's not great.
I also, you know, you remember and think back to Travis Sanheim
and how good he was for the Flyers last year,
a young D-man who really just came on the scene and was awesome.
To get Niskanen over, somebody who's won a cup,
played a huge role in winning the Stanley Cup.
And also, I think mainly when the Capitals traded and then signed Nick Jensen,
it kind of became clear, all right, maybe Niskanen's going to be out of here.
And, you know, they're moving a little bit of salary.
Gutis is also, I think part of his salary still will be paid by the Flyers.
So Washington's, you know, opening up some money there. And I think it is his salary still will be paid by the Flyers. So Washington is opening up some money there.
And I think it is a good move for
Philly because I think they win the trade in terms of
who the better defender is. Goudis
can play a rough style. He can PK.
He's a prick.
He's got the questionable hits.
You can always wonder if he's going to get suspended
at some point during the year.
But in terms of eating minutes and being that
type of player, Niskanen is perfect for the Flyers, exactly what they need.
I wonder if you will see Goss' spare maybe be moved
or at least be talked about getting traded at some point.
And part of that deal apparently was so they could get the deal done
with Hagelin, which we can roll into right now.
Yeah, actually, I had another note or two on Niskanen.
Of course, he won the Cup last year.
He's got 125 playoff games under his belt,
and he did talk to Philly's GM,
and apparently they're going to pair him
with one of their young defensive prospects
to be a mentor to kind of show them the ropes,
and he's really looking forward to it.
He sounds like he's pretty excited to get the Philly.
The Flyers are currently 12 million
below the salary cap floor,
not even the salary cap floor.
They still got to spend 12 million
just to get to the floor,
so taking on Niskanen's deal was, as they say, not a big deal.
Oh, my God.
Really?
Yep.
I would have thought that they had  I mean, they got Giroux.
They got Voracek.
I think Couturier's on a real good deal.
Yeah.
Okay.
So my bad.
Konechny's on  it might be restricted.
So it's more of a money thing for Washington than anyone.
And yeah, I agree.
Buddy, if they can lock up Hayes and maybe get one other big free agent,
which if they lock up Hayes before free agency hits because they have his rights,
and now that they got Niskanen, it's going to entice other guys to sign there
if they have the money to do so.
So I'm telling you, in the next two years,
I think this is the Flyers' window to get it done.
And if they don't they're toast and you and you finally say oh and they do have a goalie too
because before there's been so many years of a flyers look great on paper well they don't have
a goalie well they have a stud now who's just going to be in his second year in the league
right right biz they're they're gonna have a window here well and that's where they're saving
money too right you're not paying a starter to and what would he have two more years on entry level there you go there's your window right there
because you're saving money on a number one goalie kind of so flyers flyers fans i know it's been a
long drought and mark madden on twitter just roast you guys every other day so uh good good luck to
you guys in the next couple of years.
And you're right.
Philly is retaining 30
of Gutis' contract,
which is about 1 million.
And the Caps shaved
3.5 million off their payroll,
and then they essentially
added it back.
They spent most of that money
when they re-signed forward
Kyle Hagelin to a four-year,
11 million deal.
They picked up the 30-year-old
forward from the Kings
prior to the deadline
for a third rounder
and a conditional sixth.
Those conditions were never met, so they basically got him for a third rounder. He had 11
points in 20 games, but he really improved the Caps penalty killing. He fit in so well, so he's
going to stick around. What's your take on this one, Wits? A great move. The guys can play up and
down the lineup. He's just shown that. Four years. That's nice. That's nice for him. I wonder if he
thought he might get two, three, but another four, 11 million.
I mean, he's laughing at that.
That's when you got a cup in your bag.
That's when you get that extra little extra year on it.
That extra year and that extra three, four million
for that Stanley Cup experience.
But he could skate.
I said, all right, good call about the PK, how good he is there.
And just any time a guy gets injured,
if he is starting the year on your third and fourth line,
you know you could throw him up there for 10-game span.
And that's so valuable to be able to have someone that can play up and down
and play all over your lineup.
So for the Caps to be able to have a guy like that at short money,
and I'm sure it's a guy who everyone likes in the locker room.
I've never heard a bad word spoken about him.
So I think that that makes a huge difference in re-signing
and making sure he's going to be there a while you pretty much nailed it right on the head with your
comment about the fact that I don't think he's a guy who can be sustained beyond on the top two
lines but when given the opportunity he can kind of fill in for five ten games and mandate it
whereas yeah he's he's kind of the guy who can jump up and down the lineup and i kind of said that about perron for for the way they initially when he was he had his first two stints with
st louis it was kind of like he had to be one of the guys where i felt like when he wasn't one of
the main focuses that's when he's at his best and he came back there and i mean his stats don't show
it he was that perfect guy for las las vegas year too. So when you can lock up guys like that
on fair deals for a decent amount of time,
those ones end up paying off.
Hey guys, real quick, I want to talk to you
for a second about bird dogs.
Bird dogs are gym shorts with a
built-in, silky-soft inner liner
that makes underwear obsolete.
It is finally short season, which means
it's bird dog season. It literally
feels like I'm wearing nothing at all, like I'm walking around naked.
Wear them in the water.
They dry faster than a bathing suit.
These things are so comfortable, man.
You're going to love them.
Go to birddogs.com, enter the promo code CHICKLETS, and they'll throw in a pair of nunchucks.
Yeah, you heard that right, nunchucks.
They'll give you an actual weapon along with your pair of bird dogs.
That's birddogs.com, promo code CHICKLETS, and boom, a free pair of n weapon along with your pair of bird dogs that's birddogs.com
promo code chicklets and boom a free pair of nunchucks with your pair of bird dogs you will
not take these things off i promise you another signing we want to talk about jordan eboli opted
to stay on long island he signed a five-year 27 and a half million dollar deal with the isles
it's a five and a half million dollar cap hit through 2024-year-old has averaged 23 goals per season over nine seasons
since breaking into the league with Edmonton back in 2010-11.
Eight playoff games this spring, he had four goals, five assists,
pretty respectable showing.
He cited his happiness with the team and the guys, and he said, quote,
you need a place that you can feel comfortable in with your family
as far as living, and then you need a place that supports your hockey team.
Long Island has both, which you know Ebs pretty well, which I take on this one, my man.
I was a little surprised, but I think that looking more into it, the run they had last year and how
much easier it was for him to be on a team that's winning. There was a lot of years he was grinding.
He's in Edmonton. The team sucks, and he gets to go to a place where it was a hell of a year
because they're winning. It's the whole atmosphere
he enjoys. I know he loves the guys in the team.
Somebody tweeted me,
congrats to Eberle. He's rich. He was already
really rich. He's just adding to the richness
now. I think his contracts have totaled
around 60 million now, if I'm not mistaken.
Thanks for coming, Ebs.
You'll do all right with that, won't you, buddy?
Holy shit.
I understand him being there.
I was surprised.
Frankie Borelli was all over me because I told him at one point during the year
I didn't think there was a chance he'd resign there.
Shows what I know.
But good for the Islanders to get a guy back who offensively struggled a little
bit last year if you look at his career numbers.
But I think when they finally put him with Barzell, it was a little bit better.
So maybe all year they get to play together next season.
Way more defensive structure too.
So you're going to be limited offensively as far as the risks you can take.
And, you know, Trotz is a big systems guy.
Man, if you look at the Skinner deal and based on his numbers
and what he got paid compared to what Eberle got,
if you're an Islanders fan, you've got to be very happy about that.
And to me, the way the game's changed and how it's not as physical,
he can buzz around out there.
He might deteriorate in the third, I would say maybe the fourth
or fifth year of this deal, but you're not paying him a crazy amount.
He's going to help out your power play where they're a bit
offensively challenged.
And I think it's an incredible deal and a good job by Lou,
and I'm happy for Ebs too because, I mean, you know,
there was a point in time there when he left Edmonton
where everyone was just ragging on him,
and he's consistent with his offensive output.
And as I mentioned, R.A., that makes that Skinner deal look
and I know he's a little bit younger, correct, Skinner?
Yeah, yeah.
I think two years younger, but it's interesting, Biz.
I mean, Skinner's going to be making 3.5 million more a year,
and he only averages over the course of his career
four more goals per season.
I know he had 40 last year, but, you know, if we're doing averages,
he averages four more goals, so it's a lot of money.
Everly could get 38 goals next year, and I wouldn't be surprised at all.
Especially with the off year this year, it could really easily happen.
And then you're looking at an enormous bargain.
And another thing too is Barzell didn't have the best start last season,
which was shocking to me that they were doing well and he wasn't playing well.
The goaltending kind of carried him.
He got his second year out of the way.
I'd imagine that those numbers increase next year and it's a great deal.
Good point.
And one last roster thing to get to here on Saturday,
the Flyers are also placed defenseman,
Andy McDonald on unconditional waivers for the purpose of terminating his
contract. GM Chuck Fletcher said it was a tough decision,
but that it was strictly a cap issue.
And he cited McDonald's professionalism and play.
He had one year left on the 6 million, 6 year,
30 million daily sign with the Flyers back in April of 14,
shortly after they acquired him from the Islanders.
32-year-old, had nine assists in 47 games this season,
and he's free to sign with any team when free agency comes.
So I wouldn't be surprised for him.
Again, a latch on with a team maybe looking for a little depth as well.
Yeah, you could see that.
I don't know if his NHL career has kind of come to an end,
but a hell of a run and made a lot of money.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Boys, have you seen any of these TV ratings yet? Have you been able to
check up on them at all? I saw that they were
insane. They almost, didn't they
beat the record? Yeah.
Per NBC, the game averaged
just shy of 9 million viewers, making it
the most watched NHL game on
record, which is since
1994, and that's when
the Nielsen ratings came along.
But I can't imagine there was a game before 1994 that more people watched.
So, yeah, they call it the most watched game ever.
It was 4 higher than Game 7 in 2011.
It peaked at 10.4 million viewers, the most streamed game ever.
And St. Louis had a 41.8 local rating,
making it the highest rated Blues game ever in the St. Louis market and the third highest local market rating for an NHL game ever
after Boston in 2011 and Pittsburgh in 2009.
And St.
Louis delivered a 60 share, meaning that six in 10 households in the market
were watching television at the, were watching the game while televisions were
on.
Absolutely insane.
Boston delivered a 30.2, pretty good number as well. The seven game, the
whole cup final together averaged just under five, five and a half million viewers. The most watched
in four years and third most on record. Also 11 higher than the year before. And one thing to note,
ratings do not include all the people at bars, watch parties. If you have dozens of people over
your house, and of course there were tens of thousands of people watching in stadiums and
out in St. Louis. So they don't even include that.
But I wanted to get to the top ten markets for both Game 70
and the Stanley Cup final.
Obviously, St. Louis, Boston, Providence, of course.
Buffalo always shows up.
Pittsburgh always shows up.
Do you know what team was number six?
I'm sorry, what city was number six watching Stanley Cup Game 7?
Wait, wait, wait.
So you  did you mention Buffalo? Yeah. No, no, wait. Let's see. So you, did you mention Buffalo?
Yeah.
No, no, no.
The usual suspects were there.
St. Louis, Boston, Buffalo, Pittsburgh.
This city was the number six rated for game seven,
and they were also number eight for watching the whole cup final.
It's Fort Myers, Florida, man.
I knew you guys ain't going to get that.
What?
Fort Myers, Florida.
Yeah.
There's so many Boston mass holes that live down there.
Exactly. I don't know where St. Louis is. There's so many Boston mass holes that live down there. Exactly.
I don't know what St. Louis.
They're hiding away from their old drug and murder charges.
Who was the one guy, Whitey Bulger?
Yeah, he was in Santa Monica.
Have we talked about this?
Apparently, he was at Game 7 when the Bruins beat Vancouver.
Yeah, that was legendary when that came out.
Someone's like, that's Whitey Bulger.
Yeah, when the feds raided his place after they arrested him,
they found him.
Well, they watched him.
They were watching him when he went, right?
Yeah, probably wouldn't surprise me.
Who knows what the fuck happened.
That was like his last meal.
They're like, we're going to let you enjoy this.
Roxy got a kill.
Take me away to prison.
He got two.
He fucked her, then he killed her.
It's like, guys, it was a sick joke, but you know I was joking.
Let's not make a thing of this, please.
You don't have to apologize for joking about Whitey Buzz.
He was kind of a sick fuck.
But, wait, you did say Las Vegas.
And, you know, last year we could say they had a team in the final.
That's why they watched.
Well, this year they didn't have a team in the final.
And they were still one of the top ten viewers of hockey playoffs this year.
So, shout out to Vegas.
They have true puck heads out there.
What's going on, Biz?
Did we even ask Witt about his weekend?
Did you really go into details?
Because I've heard nothing but great feedback as far as you joining that
4Play podcast, and it kind of makes me a little bit nervous.
No, no, I'm not going anywhere.
It was a blast.
But I'll say it's nice that we played this because we
made friends and relationships
because they do a great job.
Those guys have gotten interviews
and they've had some big names. They've had Justin Thomas,
DeChambeau, and they've had
a bunch of huge names, but
when you're at the tournament, I mean, they're
trying to get guys and they'll go up
to the agent and the agent
just hears Barstool's like no
no ricky fowler ricky fowler no xander shoffley no and they're just finishing up the round they're
talking to all these reporters it's like i'm like fuck guys this is like it's kind of it's a grind
for them i mean they're doing they're doing awesome but i was like it's it's a lot easier
and more fun when we're just kind of talking to our buddies and we know you know the hockey
culture but these golfers are such pussies, some of them.
They really are.
I mean, they're so like  their brand is so important,
and I understand they're making millions, right?
So who am I to say?
But what the fuck?
I said to them, we were coming  Ricky Fowler won't talk to them.
He will not talk to them.
So I said
Will he say off camera?
Will he be like, guys, I just can't?
No, no.
They don't even get to talk to him.
The agent gets in the middle.
And I've actually heard Ricky Fowler is an awesome guy.
I heard nothing but good things.
Nothing but good things.
But the weird thing is that it's a
Dude, you
All the money you earn
All right.
I shouldn't say that.
All the money
Who ain't leaving him if he doesn't interview with Barstool?
Exactly, exactly
And buddy, you're this top 10 golfer in the world
You're young
Like, what do you give a fuck if your agent's like
No, don't talk to Barstool
Like, it's just like
It's not that hard to just shoot the shit
Talk about your round
I mean, you know you're going to get a bunch of
You know, a bunch of new fans
Because Stoolies, just, you know
These Stoolies,ies are very, very
loyal to people who
I think are Barstool fans
and are a part of Barstool.
This kid, Matthew Fitzpatrick, who's a golfer
from England, he had a great tournament, actually.
I think he's won on the PGA Tour.
He came on
and he was great. He was really funny because
Frankie Borelli said that if there was one guy on tour
that he could beat up, it would this kid because he's oh shit he had
he spiced it up a little yeah so the kid came on he was laughing and i was like that guy just
probably made like a bunch of fans that just listened to the interview that was fun and laid
back and half these well hey i like oh no i can't do that well think about this and and i mean we
kind of go by that motto now too is is the lesser guys they're not they're
not making any money from these brands they got to build their own jump on the podcast tell a few
funny stories and now you get what you know 50 000 or 100 000 barstool fans who are now rooting
for you and they're going to follow you on twitter like this isn't rocket science so i can understand
why guys like ricky and then even i mean but we're a players podcast and we played.
So, I mean, we're getting the big names too, baby.
I know.
Well, that's what helps is that we were out there.
You know, we were in between the boards biz.
We were living the action.
Wait, isn't he engaged though?
Isn't his girlfriend that Alison Stokey?
Smoke.
Yeah.
Whoever his girl was, she's a smoke.
I saw her on the range.
Well, I'm just wondering, I know she used to be featured on Bastl years ago
when she first kind of came on the scene.
So I wonder if that was the fucking smoke.
Oh, maybe.
I wonder if, per chance, she was offended by anything Bastl did.
That's why he's not coming on.
I'm just speculating here why he might.
Yeah, she wasn't the smoke show of the day.
Oh, she was the smoke show of the month, year, fucking week, day, hour, minute, everything.
Yeah, so Pebble Beach is breathtaking.
I love that place.
I had been there six, seven years ago on that big golf trip I go on,
and I got to get back now to play it because it's just being there.
You just can't believe it.
I think it might be the most beautiful part of the country, too,
the whole area of Carmel, San Francisco, and then then your south to Pebble Beach and stuff but it was
incredible it was a lot of fun perfect weather for golf too is like 65 not much wind great just a
great job by the USGA and the access they give I mean I was just inside the ropes I mean I'm just
walking with groups five feet from them the whole time so So for me, I'm cranking into that for the next couple months.
Took some good visual images.
Imagination Station of Dustin Johnson just ripping a baby fade like four.
I was taking a few and I was at the pool today.
What were the odds on the win of it?
What's up, bud?
What were the pre-tournament odds?
I don't know.
I bet you they were 30 to 1, if not more.
I mean, the guy, Gary Woodland, congrats to him.
What an awesome ending.
He played nails, nails golf this final round.
And he actually had been 0 for 7 in his last seven times
he held the 54-hole lead.
So you can imagine the demons you're kind of battling
when you're sleeping on a lead Saturday night.
This time it was a major for him to get it done.
So a guy who played college basketball,
I guess he's just a freak athlete pounds the ball.
So this guy won the tournament.
Yeah.
He took it down.
What's his name?
Gary Woodland.
He's from Kansas.
And I guess like you can,
you can,
I'm sensing from the broadcast,
people love them like a guy,
like there's a great dude.
So there was a lot of players waiting there to give him hugs and no way. it was really cool and like i saw a quote um i don't know he had a great quote
because you know he has one on tour and stuff but he said i've worked for this my whole life i've
trained since i started walking i've played sports i've competed i've learned how to win
and he got it done so that's just a crazy story. It's life change forever. Winning a major,
especially being in the U S open five straight U S opens.
Now Americans have won.
So suck on that.
The rest of the world.
Oh yeah.
Now they're going to go selly like idiots when they're up 13,
nothing.
Uh,
just kidding.
Um,
okay.
So I learned,
you learned something new every day.
So,
um,
I go to a place called Carmel cleaners.
Really?
So I,
I walk,
I,
I,
you know,
I was going there and sometimes the, well, I, you know, I was going there and
sometimes the first time I noticed this was when there was people ahead of me. So I was waiting,
I looked at the wall and there's all these beautiful pictures of like the beach and the
ocean. And I'm like, so when it's my turn, I'm like, what's with all these pictures here?
And she's like, Oh, it's like Carmel. And I'm like, okay, like Carmel, what does that have to
do? It's in a Milky way. Right. Okay. And then she explained, but I like Carmel, what does that have to do with it? Yeah, it's in a Milky Way, right? Okay.
Yeah.
And then she explained.
But I also didn't know that that's where Pebble Beach was.
I just thought, oh, this beautiful place in California that everyone loves called Carmel.
All right, that's kind of random.
I'd never even heard of it.
So you're saying that's where Pebble Beach is.
Well, it's like Monterey Peninsula.
I think it's pretty much all the same area.
Carmel's like 10 or 15 minutes.
It looked like paradise.
Sick, dude.
Beautiful.
If not like Long Island, Hampton's probably the best golf
in the country, right in a
five-mile radius, you know,
10-mile radius. Insane golf.
Clint Eastwood used to be the mayor of Carmel
years ago. I think he's still like
his part owner of Pebble or lives
on Pebble or something. He's all around
there, that guy. Clint Eastwood's a boss.
That's what your girl says, Biz.
Go ahead.
Make my day.
That house, though, dude, if we ever, I mean, this house was a joke we had.
And every night there was dinner brought in.
Like, what is it called?
When they catered food.
It was buffet every night.
Fabulous.
It's very impressive. How come we don't get treated like that when we go and well i was like i'm done catching heat for staying in a
five-class hotel in chicago when i'm looking to cover the goddamn winter classic and be away from
my friends and family on new year's eve i'm going to travel in style and luxury in class and i take
shit for it well this mansion was about 30 million million and must have cost 50 Gs to rent.
You know what's even crazier?
They only reversed me for 50 of my ticket that I got to game two.
No. Which is like,
fuck. Come on, man. We're the
hockey podcast here. This is work.
I got an in-game analysis live
in the flesh and then recorded after.
You ended up getting a story about
Bowmeister's brother. There you go.
From that night. Yeah. I let him story about Bollmeister's brother. There you go. That's work.
From that night.
Yeah.
I let him puke on me.
All right, guys.
That's pretty much good.
Because I'm exhausted.
I didn't have much at the end there.
Last thing we didn't mention as far as rumors are concerned,
apparently Truba and NYC Rangers,
people are talking about giving this guy like 7 i think 7.5 million that's like the
number that they're looking for now that would make him in the top 10 highest paid defenseman
the league now listen i think he's a hell of a fucking defenseman but what the fuck have you
done for me where you're getting paid as one of the top 10 defensemen the league like come on here
i don't know i'm not i i think that's a if he can elevate his game a little
bit sure but i don't i don't like that contract if he's getting a seven or eight year deal at
seven and a half like i i'm not seeing enough offensive numbers for what else he brings what
would you agree yeah it seems like a lot of money we'll see where that ends up but uh that should
that should wrap this one on wednesday night We'll be talking, recording after the awards,
so we'll get to talk about who the winners were and all that.
Biz will be there filling us all in.
And Grinnelli, fuck, stay hot, buddy.
Jesus Christ, have a day for yourself.
Thanks, boys.
If you don't get chlamydia, that's like the ultimate perfect weekend.
Win-win.
If you do, whatever.
You fucking take his D-pack and you're on the IR for four days.
One last note, Biz.
As for the entire playoffs, they were the highest rated in 23 years
and up 6 from last year.
So everybody keep watching hockey.
We'll keep branching out.
We keep getting more fans and growing this great game of ours.
So everybody have a good week, and we'll be back later in it.
Last thing is we're done talking about the Cup and St. Louis and Boston
because you guys have dealt with that a lot recently.
We're going to start giving some other teams some
attention. So congratulations to St. Louis
as well as Boston for making us that far.
Other teams. There's other teams
in the league. Oh yeah.
Fucking right.
Fucking right. Viva Las Vegas! Viva Las Vegas!
How I wish that there were more than 24 hours in the day.
Even if there were 40 more, I wouldn't sleep a minute away.
Oh, there's blackjack and poker and the ruling wheel.
A fortune won and lost on every deal.
All you need is a strong heart and a nerve steel.
