Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 187 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by
New Amsterdam Vodka.
187 on the undercover clock.
Remember that Snoop song biz, the old school one? I do. I do.
And you don't stop.
Friday night, we have the draft.
We're going to be getting to that shortly.
We have Sam Costantino from our sports net up in Canada calling in.
He's a draft expert.
He knows every little thing about it.
He's going to help us out.
Wits, did you watch any of it last night?
Let's do the intros first.
Sorry, Gridelli, what's going on, buddy?
You're looking a little better than last time we saw you.
What's up, guys?
Looking forward to spending the week in Canada with you guys.
Well, yeah, can't wait.
We'll get to that in a minute.
Biz, how are you feeling?
Thanks for getting up early for us, buddy.
We know you're in a different time.
Biz is grinding right now.
No problem.
Boys, I got sick.
This is my first, like, real weekend off to hang out with my friends in Vancouver.
And I've been off the piss for six weeks, and I just got a bad  Boys, I got sick. This is my first real weekend off to hang out with my friends in Vancouver.
I've been off the piss for six weeks, and I just got a bad sore throat,
stuffy nose.
It's the worst.
Anytime you're that sick, you think to like, oh, my God, I would do anything to just feel normal and healthy.
But then when you're normal and healthy,
you don't even appreciate it like you do when you're sick.
I was not appreciating it.
I would maybe if I was you because I've tried all the over-the-counter stuff.
And then if you just go get shit-faced one night, it might actually go away.
It's bizarre how it works like that.
Yeah, or stop eating dirty pussy.
Either one.
Ooh, there you go.
What's up?
Last but not least, the Whit Dog, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, my man?
Not much.
Hanging around here.
Watched the draft on Friday night.
And boy, did I get a great picture during that draft of Alfie Turcotte
picking his nose full, two knuckles deep with his son about to get picked,
future superstar.
One of the best pictures I've ever taken in my life.
I mean, it's Artie Lang picking his nose.
It's unbelievable.
And Alfie Turcotte, what a player.
17th overall pick back in, I don't even remember what year,
but just to be there and know your son's going soon
and digging for gold like that was just such a perfect moment for me on the coach.
I was laughing out loud for 20 minutes.
I kept looking at the picture.
I kept saying out loud, this is the best
picture I've ever taken of my wife.
I was like, shut the fuck up about the picture.
Was he a
madman? Did he potty a lot? Because when they mentioned him
on the TV last night, they're like, oh, he
had a lot of extracurricular activities
that maybe he didn't pan out as well as he
should have. They usually don't say that shit,
so he must have been a fucking wild man. He seemed like a
beauty. He gave an interview after.
Must have found an old nugget up there.
People are like, Alfie!
If your name's Alfie, chances are you're a raging lunatic.
I could use him fucking shoving his fingers up my nose
to clear whatever I got in there right now.
Alfie, if you're listening, I'm in Vancouver as well.
Come over to the fucking Hotel Belmont and help me out, buddy.
Were you able to catch any of the draft
bids? What were you up to?
I was following it on Twitter.
I guess my only
comments on it was
there's always going to be criticism when people
jump up and pick a guy that
wasn't supposed to go in that area,
which, of course, the Arizona Coyotes did.
They traded over
what they jumped up to number 12. They traded away the They traded over. What, they jumped up to number 12.
They traded away the 14th pick.
No, they jumped up to 11.
They jumped to 11.
11, excuse me, but they traded the 14th pick and the 45th pick.
And, man, I'd rather have a GM who knows exactly who they want
rather than a guy maybe just falling into a position
and taking the next best guy where they're like,
well, we maybe don't want to get chirped or we just think this is the next best guy.
Clearly, Chayka had a guy in mind. I think he felt that the Philadelphia Flyers might take him.
I think that was the conversation where Philadelphia might not have been so high on him,
where they were willing to take that 14th pick and still maybe get the guy that they wanted.
And then they got to collect the 45th at the time. So apparently this kid's a very silky defenseman.
I've seen some clips on him.
He looks, you know, I mean, I'm not going to give the Bobby Orr comparison,
but he moves up the ice where he's, you know, moving and shaking,
dancing guys.
And, of course, that Swedish connection where a guy can learn off
Oliver Ekman-Larsen if he makes the jump to the National League level.
I mean, he's a Swedish kid, seems like a good kid.
You mentioned he's a handsome fellow too, eh, Mikey?
Yeah, he's hot as shit.
There was a lot of hot kids.
Alfie's son, that kid's a stallion too.
Yeah, he was a stallion.
He'll clean up in LA.
He's forever Alfie's son now.
When your dad gets picked in the first round and picks his nose like that,
you're no longer like your Alfie's, no matter what you do in the game.
Yeah.
But going back to Chiker real quick, I mean,
I'm confident in him. He's made a lot
of good moves since he's been with the Coyotes.
And as I said,
I'd rather a guy go down swinging
and own it rather than just kind of like
falling into place and not making
aggressive moves.
I thought there was a great quote from Ken Holland,
who's had tons of success in his career drafting
and late picks being very good players.
And he said, the people who don't watch the game
seem to have all the answers today.
And you'll see, you know, so many people,
what are they doing picking this kid?
What are they doing?
What's this move?
And you're just like, buddy, fuck off.
Maybe you've seen this kid at What are they doing? What's this move? And you're just like, buddy, fuck off.
Maybe you've seen this kid at World Juniors one time.
You know, you've got to trust people in what they're doing,
especially people who have resumes like Ken Holland.
But still, it's a great moment.
I thought one of the coolest things of the whole night was I watched the whole first round was the kid Alex Newhook.
He was picked by Colorado.
No, I'm sorry. Yeah, he was picked by Colorado. No, I'm sorry.
Yeah, he was picked by Colorado, and he's from Newfoundland,
and he went out and played in the BCHL.
Biz, there's a team in Victoria, right?
Yeah, Victoria Royals maybe it's called.
Okay, so he played out there across the country from his home city,
and he's done well.
He ends up getting picked first round, and his boys were there going bananas.
They all had these shirts on, and then there's a video.
I don't know where it is on Twitter, but he sees them all down underneath
after he's gone through the gauntlet of interviews and all that,
and they're going bananas, cheering, jumping up and down, hugging.
So to see your boy get picked, and you know Newfies.
I think Bob McKenzie even made a comment.
I'm sure everyone at home is having a couple watching this kid get drafted.
So pretty cool right there.
And Sam will go into more of a kind of what went down, but I thought it was,
I thought it was pretty good by the NHL. I mean,
it seemed like a fun night moving that to Friday night.
It's a great move first round.
I was like a Saturday afternoon first round pick wasn't nearly as fun doing it
in prime time. I think it's been great.
Yeah. The only thing is though, of course there were no trades.
Well play if for player trades.
It was just that one move that Biz just mentioned.
So I think people are hanging on, waiting for a trade to happen.
But it was the first time since 05 that there wasn't any trades on the first day of the draft.
Yeah, we are recording Saturday morning.
So if stuff goes down in the next day and a half, which it probably will, I'm guessing today,
you hear a lot of Toronto rumblings going around.
We'll hop back on Sunday night and get you filled in.
But as of right now, there's nothing.
Biz, I saw you taking some muffin one-timers.
Yeah.
Oh, actually, yeah.
I was going to mention that last time, but I wasn't sure if I was allowed to.
I did an EA shoot to help out P.K. Subban and Austin Matthews.
I obviously didn't help out much, as you can see by my one-timers posted
on the Spittin' Chicklets Instagram page.
But it wasn't my stick.
I couldn't drop my knee like I normally do because my knee's all fucked up.
The Sidney Crosby knee drop is no longer effective.
And good time, though.
PK Subban passed the torch over for the game cover.
And I mentioned last week, Austin Matthews, a great recipient,
kind of a guy that the kids can look up to.
I mean, he's all about the fashion.
This new wave of player and gamer kind of gravitates towards a guy like Matthews,
and he's starting to show some personality.
It was a fun day.
The EA crew was awesome and looking forward to that content coming out in order to show some personality. It was a fun day. The EA crew was awesome, and looking forward to that content
coming out in order to pitch the game.
And, Biz, you said you were surprised by a move there.
I thought you were going to mention Stevie White taking the German there,
Moritz Seider.
He looked shocked as shit when they called him.
But, dude, not too many guys can pull off a bow tie,
but that bow tie and that salad he had going, man,
definite man rocket.
I don't know how he's going to pan out as a D-man,
but he's a definite man rocket already.
That was a very surprising pick, but the more people I talk to,
I'm interested to see what Sam says that he is,
has the chance of being a complete stud. I mean,
he's six foot three right shot defenseman that skates like the wind. I mean,
where do you get those guys? If you don't draft them, you know what I mean?
It's like, if he ends up panning out, it could
be great. A little bit of a surprise, but
I think a lot of teams, even behind Detroit, had
their eyes on him.
The other funny moment from last
night was when Dallas
picked Thomas Harley, the D-man, but
the guy announced him as Harley Thomas.
Got his name fucking
backwards. I think it might have been the owner.
I don't know who it was. He had jeans on. That's usually an owner because you don't give a fuck what anyone thinks you can do
whatever you want but the kid was in the stands he's like i think that's me like it's both of my
names has there's no other kid so it's just funny to see like the little i think he was with his
brother like the look over like i think that's me yes first round yeah fucking you gotta get a guy's
name right you only get drafted once oh Another thing that was kind of surprising,
or I don't know if it's a lie, a setup,
but Kyle Dubas was talking to the media
and mentioned how with the salary cap and what's going on,
they would possibly not be able to match a certain offer sheet.
And he's saying we'd have to take the compensation,
and the offer sheet would be for Mitch Marner.
Everyone knows that.
And the draft picks you would receive.
Now, is that posturing?
Is that a little bit of bullshit where he's saying like, hey,
if you're just trying to offer sheet him knowing we'll match it to fuck us,
well, there's a chance we won't match it.
So you better plan on being willing to pay that much money to a guy
who will also lose in all those draft picks.
But in the end, I mean,
is there any chance the Leafs don't match
an offer sheet for Mitch Marner?
Kid's from Toronto.
He's the best player on the team.
I mean, I just can't imagine no matter what it was.
I mean, if Nashville matched the goddamn one fucking Shea Weber got
from the Flyers, Toronto Maple Leafs are matching whatever Mitch Marner gets.
I want to see this go down just so we get some drama,
we get to see what actually happens.
But I don't know if he's actually just trying to get that out there
to maybe get teams thinking twice that there's a chance they won't match
and we're going to be stuck with this guy for seven years,
whatever it would be.
He'd probably get 13 million in an offer sheet per year.
There definitely seems to be a lot more chatter about offer sheets this year,
but I think at the end of the day, GMs are going to chicken out.
They still don't seem to want to do it.
I mean, they're so infrequent, they never happen.
But, again, I'd love to have one too, man.
They'd definitely add some drama.
But you do got to wonder, I mean, can Toronto go on paying Tavares,
Matthews, Nylander, and Mano all, you know, 10 million or whatever?
I don't think that's feasible.
It just seems like a matter of time they're going to have to get rid of one of them and bring some on defense.
And as far as the first round, 11 Americans out of the top 31 picks,
I know we always like to keep that.
We talk about that, or we did at least like in the last year
of just that development program and how much they're excelling.
And I mean, the numbers don't lie.
Every year there's more and more Americans being drafted.
Same goes with people from Finland and Sweden.
How many,
how many Scandinavians in the first round this year?
It started off with Broberg to Edmonton.
So that's one.
And then you had Soderstrom to Arizona too.
And then you had the kid who was the Finn Lassie Thompson from Kelowna.
That's three.
Vili Henolo.
Seven.
I don't know.
There's a lot of them, dude.
There's a lot of them.
Yeah, there were seven Scandinavians, Biz.
Jesus.
So, I mean, that's a lot.
And, I mean, not to say there weren't a lot of Canadians drafted,
but look out, Canada.
There's a lot of countries that are developing at a high rate right now.
We've got to catch up.
We've got to lower the price of hockey.
Lower the price of hockey.
Biz is on that.
What was the other?
Oh, pretty cool moment, finally seeing Cole Caulfield drafted,
and by finally it was 15th, right?
But he had to wait, and it's just a crazy story
because he is the best goal scorer in the draft.
I think he had 72 tucks this year, and he's a little guy, but we talked to Debrinket.
We've seen how the game's changed.
So you can tell that he's sitting there and he's fuming
and he's clapping for his teammates.
There were six of his teammates that went in the first round before him.
But in the end, I mean, that kid's got a chip on his shoulder,
and I think he's going to score no matter where he is.
And it fits right into that Montreal system.
They've got a lot of small forwards that just buzz around.
I mean, if you guys want to list them off, go ahead.
But I'd imagine that he's the type of kid that could potentially
just step right into that lineup.
Yeah, somebody was saying, I mean, he's going to Wisconsin
to play for the Badgers.
So maybe after that he'll be ready.
I mean, I don't mind seeing these kids go play college for a year.
I even wonder if Jack Hughes is going to be ready to play in the NHL
at a high level.
We'll see where that ends up.
But actually, with that, Sam's calling in now,
so this should work out good.
We can talk to him.
So we'll go to Sam Cosentino from Sportsnet, draft expert, right now.
This interview was brought to you by Indochino.
Every guy wants to look and feel his
best because that gives off a vibe of confidence. And the best way to do that is to put on a nice
sharp suit. So I want to tell you about Indochino, the world's most exciting made to measure menswear
company. They make suits and shirts to your exact measurements for an unparalleled fit and comfort.
Guys love the wide selection of high quality fabrics and colors to choose from. Not to mention
the option to personalize the details, including your lapel, lining, pockets, buttons,
and writing your own monogram.
Here's how it works.
You visit a stylist at their showroom.
There's over 40 in North America.
You have them take your measurements personally,
or you can measure at home yourself and shop online at Indochino.com.
Then you choose your fabric, inside and out.
Choose your design customizations.
Submit your measurements with your choices,
and then you relax while your suit gets professionally tailored
and milled to you in a couple of weeks.
Okay, this week, our listeners can get any premium Indochino suit
for just 369 at Indochino.com
when entering chicklets at checkout.
That's 50 off the regular price for a made-to-measure premium suit,
plus shipping is free. That's Indochino.com price for a made-to-measure premium suit. Plus, shipping is free.
That's Indochino.com promo code CHECKLETS for any premium suit for just 369 in free shipping.
It's an incredible deal for a premium made-to-measure suit.
Once you go custom, you don't go back.
We are now pleased to be joined by Sportsnet's junior hockey and draft expert,
Sam Cosentino, who's out in Vancouver right now.
He's going to fill us all in on the first round
and what's gone down and what he thinks of these guys.
So we want to say thanks so much for joining the Spit and Chicklets podcast, Sam.
How you been?
Yeah, doing great. My pleasure, guys.
Pretty fired up here for day two, but day one was a bit of a circus, no question.
Day one was a little bit of a circus, so we've got a bunch of stuff to get into, and day
two might be crazy with hopefully some trades for some NHL fans, but I'm wondering, when
we look at the top of the draft, it was a done deal, it was Hughes, it was Kako, everyone
pretty much figured it would go that way.
How realistically close did it ever come to the Devils taking Kapo Kako at number one,
you think?
I don't think there was ever a chance that that was going to happen.
If I look at Ray Sherrill's relationship
with Jim Hughes, he was
his advisor when Jimmy
was a young player, so he had that relationship.
And I think the second part is, when you look
at New Jersey, at times a suppressed
market here for the last couple of years.
Yes, Taylor Hall. Yes, Nico
Heischer. But the fact of the matter is another marketable player and a guy who's
been hyped for two years to go number one in Jack Hughes I think is the perfect
remedy to help move the marketing plan forward. Not to mention you're getting the most dynamic
player in the draft. So there are a lot of teams, guys, however, that if they
were picking first, I think Kaka would have been their choice.
But New Jersey was not one of them.
Those other factors you think
topped off what Kako was putting
off, because to me, watching that
World Championship, I'd say
Kako was the fucking most
electric player in the draft, just based
off what he's done against better competition.
Yeah, there's no
question. Playing in the Liga, you look
at his numbers with guys who are first-year draft eligibles in the league, Alexander Barkov, Mikko, Rantanen, Patrick Lyon, even Kotuniemi from last year. I mean, his numbers were better than all those guys, except for the points record, which I think was held by Barkov.
by Barkov.
So there is some history there in terms of, you know,
the lineage and what the basic analytics will tell you.
And again, if you look at the NHL playoffs and think about a team like St. Louis
that was heavy, hard to play against,
used its size to its advantage,
I think Karko would have been a guy
who fits right into that mold, no question.
But there were those other factors
that helped push Jack over the top.
And it is interesting that if the dynamic was a little different between maybe Ray Shiro But there were those other factors that helped push Jack over the top.
And it is interesting that if the dynamic was a little different between maybe Ray Shiro and Jimmy Hughes,
that things might have been different.
But again, I don't think you're going wrong taking Hughes,
but there is no question that Kako, I think,
is going to have probably a more immediate impact.
I think you're looking at the long haul where you're looking at Hughes
maybe being a superstar first-line guy,
where you're looking at Kako probably being a second-line guy
who's that mid- to high-level tier producer.
So my question is, when Patrick Kane was drafted, people said,
oh, is this kid going to be able to step right in?
And it was easily proved.
What do you think that the play is this year,
and how do you think Jack Hughes will adapt to NHL hockey right away? And will he?
Well, he's going to play right away. There's no question.
And there's going to be a challenge for the coaching staff to,
especially on home ice,
to be able to put them into advantageous situations in terms of matchups.
You know, he, he projects as a center and likely he starts there,
but is he going to be able to handle that role at center rights?
I mean mean a lot
of big guys you know you see the eastern conference really difficult when you're going up against the
you know the likes of bergeron and matthews and tavaris and those guys in that division it's going
to be really uh you know in that conference route it's going to be really really challenging so
i think it's up to the coaching staff to do their best job to try and put him into favorable positions.
I think, and there are some that look at the world championships and he started to play more as things went on there,
that would give you reason to think that he's going to be able to step in
and do a good job and produce right away.
But I'm more looking at this guy to be that kind of star player
two to three years from now, not immediately to come in
and think that, oh, he's going to be a, you know,
a 60 point guy right away, but he's driven.
There's that, that fire that burns inside him.
And he knows what the chatter is all about.
And he knows that he wants to be the man.
We'll see how the summer goes.
Regarding Jack, we always hear Patrick Kane is the comparison all the time,
but I want to ask which retired guy from say the last 20 or 30 years,
does his game most resemble?
Ooh,
geez.
That's a,
you know,
that's a,
that's a tough one for me.
You know,
I'm only 22 years old,
right boys?
He's like,
fuck it's seven 30 in Vancouver boys.
Jesus Christ.
I wasn't born then.
Sorry fellas.
I'll give you a guy.
Maybe Paul Korearea might be
that type of guy. Very similar
situation where you have a smaller
player, really good skater.
He's got excellent edge work. He
distributes the puck really well, yet given the opportunity
to score, he can do that as well.
So Correa, I think, is a pretty good guy.
The thing about Correa, though, he was a lot more
underrated than
what would be Hughes with the hype coming into the league.
So there is a bit of a difference in terms of the off-ice
and the perspective you have of the player.
But then again, Correa was pretty hyped.
I think he was coming out of Maine at the time.
He was a pretty hyped guy, too.
So I think that would be a pretty good comparable based on size,
based on skating ability, and that dual threat of being able
to distribute and score goals.
How's that, Biz? Is that all right?
That's not fucking bad, buddy.
That sounds like you weren't at the Roxy last night.
You're probably saving it for tonight after the final rounds.
And as far as Kako, which NHL player today does he probably most resemble,
would you say, as far as comparison?
Yeah, he looks a little bit like Ryan Getzlaff type,
but I think he probably projects the play with a little bit better pace.
You know, I think Getzlaff was in the league where they were able to pace things a little differently.
And as he gets older and as the league gets faster,
you're starting to see that game slow down a little bit.
But I think he has with his size and his ability, his puck protection,
taking it to the net, playing with a little bit of bite and edge
and wanting to be a difference maker, he'd be a guy that I would say
compares favorably to Kako.
Of the Devils and Rangers, which team do you feel will get the biggest impact
right away from one of these guys?
Of the Devils and Rangers, which team do you feel will get the biggest impact right away from one of these guys?
I think immediately Carco and the Rangers,
and I think down the road it'll be Hughes and New Jersey.
All right, well, we then moved on, and Chicago had the third pick,
and then Colorado's right behind them after that trade with Ottawa,
you know, with all the Duchesne stuff.
And you're looking at the best D in the draft in Bowen Byram, or, you know,
they end up taking Kirby Dock.
I'm wondering, like, that's shocking to you.
I read some tweets that you had seen that coming from Chicago,
but there was a lot of talk about them getting that number one future stud D
man with Keith and Seabrook getting older.
Yeah.
So when I look at Chicago's recent draft history, there's Henry Yokoharu.
I think he had 37 games last year before he was sent back and then i look at a guy like nick bodan he plays
in drummondville really good skater underrated guy in the league that doesn't get a lot of love
i think he's going to be a real good piece for them down the road and then i think about adam
boquist who came over from sweden played with the london knights this year had 10 playoff goals it
took him about a month or a month and a half to get going in London.
But once he found a stride, he's really good.
So you have three defensemen right there that you're looking to build around in the future.
And I think they wanted to address that need down the middle of the ice.
And I think with a guy like Kirby Dock, he's about as serious as a heart attack.
He reminds me in terms of his demeanor of a Jonathan Tate.
So who better to mentor that guy that you want
in the future down the middle of the ice and a big guy who doesn't always dazzle you with points,
but he brings a lot of character, a lot of intensity to the table. There are some similarities
between what Jonathan Taves does and what Kirby Dock does. And it is interesting to me because
when I look at Mark Kelly, who's essentially the director of scouting in Chicago, he lives in
Plymouth. He would have had extremely intimate knowledge of what was going on at the U.S. Under-18 program.
So for him to bypass Turcotte or Zegres, I think was a little bit shocking to me.
Having said that, when you get a right shot guy who's 6'3", 200 pounds,
probably projects to play at 215, you're looking at someone who's going to be tased like in the future.
Now,
if I'm looking at where they are in terms of addressing that need,
I think they did a good job there.
And that's probably why they bypassed on Byram.
But to me,
the big winner there is Colorado.
They're sitting there with that gravy pick at number four,
probably pissed off that they didn't win the lottery because of where Ottawa
finished.
Yet the last
number four pick they took was pretty good, and a guy like Kael McCarr. So they're an interesting
scenario in and of themselves. When I look at Colorado's young D, Samuel Gerrard, Spinarama
Studd. Then you look at Kael McCarr, who stepped in last year. Connor Timmons was hurt all last
year. Now you add Bowen Byram to the mix, and it does a couple of things. While Byram might not be
able to play right away, the fact of the matter is
it makes Tyson Berry expendable, especially if Connor Timmons comes back
and projects as the guy he was when he was healthy as a right-shot defenseman.
So I think that that pick opens up a lot of options for Joe Sackick,
and while it might not happen right away here, I could see Tyson Berry being
a nice movable piece for the Avalanche in the future
and essentially replaced by a very similar
player in Bowen Byram here down
the road. And Sam, apparently
there was a trade lined up with the Vancouver
Canucks for Tyson Berry and then something
ended up not happening.
Do you think the fact that McKinnon is
very, very close to Tyson Berry
in Colorado?
And last thing, you're in a
pretty noisy room. Any chance you can get out
of there? Is that Godzilla?
Yeah.
We're in the middle of the rink here, getting
ready for day two, so Godzilla steps in.
This is more important than your work.
Shut the hell up.
That's what they're saying to me.
You know what? To be honest with you, I
know McKinnon as a player.
I don't know where his relationship stands with Colorado,
and I trust, obviously, that Tyson Berry is a guy that you guys are familiar with
and you know that relationship well.
So that might be a stumbling block.
But you know what happens?
If I look at a trade that goes awry and it's on draft day,
you're sitting there as the general manager, you're Jim Benning,
you're in front of the home crowd.
You want to be singularly focused on the task at hand. So if the deal was able to
come together really easily, then maybe it would have gone forward. Now you have all day today,
and then you can look at what's going to happen once this draft day ends and the conversations
continue past 1 p.m. Pacific time. And then there might be a better fit where both teams can sit
down and properly assess what they want to do without having the draft in the back of their minds.
Sam, the German Moritz Seider, is it Seider or Acida?
Yeah, Seider.
Burr's real surprise of the draft last night.
No, no, no question. A big surprise for me.
I think I had him going at 15 to Montreal.
So I knew he was a guy who was one of the higher risers.
I didn't see him going that high.
But there's two things that come into play there.
First of all, it was a very interesting dynamic at the Detroit table.
When you look at Steve Eisenman coming over from Tampa as GM,
he's a guy that I think obviously saw this move coming,
so he got out there on the road and did a lot of scouting in person,
which isn't always necessarily the case with the general managers.
A lot of times they'll take a look at the top 30 or 35 guys,
but Stevie was out there on the road and really paying attention
to what his pending job was in moving over to Detroit.
So you have that dynamic where a general manager comes in.
He has a list from his previous team with Tampa Bay.
He comes in quite obviously an A personality,
wants to take control of the situation,
very beloved with where he is in Detroit.
And I think he steps up there and says, this is the guy that I saw in person. This is the guy that I like. The other part is, let's not forget about Sider. I mean, this guy's an unbelievable player.
He was the rookie of the year in the DEL. He won a championship in the DEL. He goes and plays a
very reserved, efficient game, stay at home type of game when he's playing with men. But when he goes back and plays with his peer group at the under-18s,
he helped lead Germany back into the Division I and the World Junior Championship
by winning the B-Pool.
And he was the captain of that team.
And then he goes and plays at the men's world, scores a couple of goals,
and is playing with a ton of confidence.
So I think there's a lot of rawness to his game.
I think there's a lot of untapped offensive upside. And I think he was in a perfect situation in Mannheim, which is a lot like the
U.S. Under-18 program, where they're not schedule heavy, and that allows them to do a lot of things
off ice in terms of skill, nutrition, working out in the gym, all the things I do, gentlemen.
Yeah, right. Ditto here. So was it that much of a reach by the wings then,
as everyone's making it out to be or
not well i wouldn't say it was that that much of a reach it was a bit shocking though because i do
feel that that player would have been available to them probably at the 11 to 15 spot um from what i
understand detroit looked at a trade back scenario there were no options available so you had a
general manager who really liked the player
and stepped up and grabbed him.
And I, you know, when you have that kind of balls,
I got to give you some credit.
Well, you know, the other question going into the draft
was where the Russian would end up.
And by Russian, I can't say his name.
Is it Podkolzin?
Podkolzin, you got it right.
Podkolzin, all right.
Well, because everyone has said,
or the people I've asked about,
I've asked about him, they've said that he is top five talent.
And if he didn't have the contract where I think he's going to be over
at least a year, if not two more years in the KHL, then he'd go higher.
Is that where you're looking at it would have been?
Is that what maybe made him drop to 10?
And how lucky is Vancouver to get that talent that late?
Yeah, I was fascinated that Vancouver went down that road.
Their recent history with Russian players,
Trampkin being one of them,
hasn't been necessarily a positive experience.
Now, having said that, I love this guy.
If I'm picking and I'm third, third like Chicago,
I'm taking him right there.
I truly believe in his talent.
But then again, I'm the guy sitting talking about it, not making the pick.
But I watched him a lot this year, and I watched him in a lot of different events.
So he was not particularly good when he was playing in the MHL and the VHL and the KHL,
which are the three leagues over in Russia.
But where he really shone was at the international events.
Tied for the tournament lead with 11 points at the Holenka Gretzky. Had a hat trick in the bronze medal game
there to help Russia win a bronze. Then he goes back throughout his year. They end up calling him
playing the World Junior A Challenge, which is essentially a 19-year-old tournament. He goes
there and he lights it up and he was a point for game there. And at that point, the Russian junior
national team is looking and saying, you know what? Shit, this guy's pretty good.
Maybe we better give him a call. So they bring
him over, they put him in a couple of exhibition games
for the world juniors, and they're like,
this guy's better than we thought. So by
the end of it, he's playing 14 minutes a game
for a Russian coach in Valery Brogan
who never really relies on young
players. Yet he was out there, defensive
zone draws, final minute of the period
on the PKk put up three
assists in the tournament but it was his overall play and the responsibility to his game the other
thing i like he's got some piss and vinegar to him so i look at the world junior aid challenges
a ceremonial face-off against team canada doesn't he swipe the draw and then flip it back and that
pissed off a lot of people and then i look at a head-butting situation at the tournament of the
five nations in february where he got pissed off that one of his players And then I look at a headbutting situation at the tournament, the five nations in February,
where he got pissed off that one of his players took a knee on knee,
hit,
chased him down and wasn't a full blown head,
but like you see in the WWE,
but it was still a pretty good attempt at it.
So when I saw him at the combine,
I asked his translator,
I pulled him aside.
I said,
what about that headbutting thing?
And at the tournament in February,
and he looked at the translator with a big old smile on his face,
and he said, yes, it happened.
So I like that little bit of piss and vinegar.
I like that bite to his game.
There are no real holes.
You shake his hand, he's got those big old mitts.
And he's the guy who I think projects to play probably at 210
and can do a lot of different things on the ice for you.
Yeah, until he tries to take off his skate and stab someone in North America.
I want to talk to you about the 11th pick.
The Coyotes were probably the first team to make noise
by trading up in order to get the defenseman,
Victor Soderstrom.
I know there was a lot of people online
who were like, what?
This is ridiculous.
They didn't have to trade up in order to get this guy.
But before you jumped on, I said,
I'd rather have a GM who's very confident in their guy and who they scouted in order to get this guy. But before you jumped on, I said, I'd rather have a GM who's very confident
in their guy and who they scouted in order to move up and get him
because then it essentially says you're going down swinging.
This is my guy.
I'm wrong.
Yeah, you know what, Biz?
I look at this player, and 12 was a reasonable projection for him anyways.
There was a lot of talk about Minnesota maybe taking him with the next pick.
So Arizona, who does their work on the analytics,
they've got a new scouting director there in Lindsey Hofford,
and they were very particular about the type of players they were looking for.
They identified Suderstrom as being that guy, so they said,
you know what, we'll give up the 45th pick,
and we'll move up three spots to guarantee that we get him.
And I'm like you, if you have the balls to go and make that decision,
then good on you for doing it. Now, that would he been available there yeah there was a little bit
of a risky proposition to wait three more picks to see if he was there but they jumped and you
know what good on philadelphia they already had an abundance of picks here in this draft
and they identified the fact that they could get to 45 which i can almost guarantee they're going
to get a player who's probably near the bottom of the first round on their list with that pick.
So a good trade for both teams where you have a GM aggressively jumping up
and another guy identifying that we might be able to get two for the price of one
by only moving three spots back.
Another guy that we talked about a little bit
and that you don't see happen often is when a goalie goes in the first round
and Florida went out and made a move that made a ton of sense for their
organization in grabbing what looks to be a future stud number one goalie
in Spencer Knight.
One question I have is why do you think it's changed where goalies aren't
picked in the first round nearly as often?
And the second question being what makes this kid so great where it wasn't
going to be the case with him?
I think the life of a GM is really ten tenuous in the national hockey league these days and if you look at drafting a goal in the first round the the projection is between 23 and 25 is
when they're going to play for in the national hockey league so essentially you're waiting a
bare minimum of five years if i'm a gm who jumps up and takes that guy in the first round am i
still going to have my job in five years or Or do I wait for someone else to take him, develop him,
wait until he becomes a free agent,
or wait until he becomes that backup like a Frederick Anderson,
or have the patience to wait for a guy like Jordan Bennington,
and then all of a sudden move forward with that player then?
So a couple other points I'll make about the goaltender.
When taken in the first round, if I look at the 17 starters, if you include the two for Carolina in this year's playoffs, there were only three taken
in the first round. I think it was Fleury, Rask, and Vasilevsky. You had Robin Leonard taken in the
second round. So there's four goalies out of 17. The other 13 were in the third round or later,
including two in Martin Jones and Sergey Bobrovsky, who are free agent guys. So it does tell me that you can find some value either on the free agent market
or you can find some value down below round number two
to be able to get that goaltender.
And then you're not pressurized to have to put him in a situation
where he needs to develop and play for you right away.
Now, the flip side of that is, is this guy Carey Price?
Is he Marc-Andre Fleury? Is he Andre Vasilevsky?
And if he is, you've solved your goaltending problem for the next 10 years.
So that's why Florida jumped on him.
Head over heels, this guy was the clear number one goalie by a country mile in this draft class.
He tested well at the Combine, finishing top seven in five or six different categories.
He's a tall guy, so he checks that box.
And you meet him, and he's got presence about him.
He gives you a good hard handshake.
He looks you in the eye, and he tells you by his actions
that he's pro through and through.
It's still a risky proposition, yet I don't mind with a team
who's had a lot of goaltending issues here the last few years
to jump up and take him.
The only thing you have to worry about is are they going to force him
into the mix?
By all accounts with the scouts that I talk to,
they think that this guy can play within two years.
So that's going to be the interesting thing to see if that happens.
If I look at Jake Ottinger taken by Dallas 26 in 2017,
is he going to make some noise this year?
If I look at Ilya Samsonov taken 15th by the Washington Capitals in 2015,
he has yet to sniff the NHL.
So when I look at those two most recent first-round goaltenders,
the history still does tell you that it's going to take some time
for that player to come up and be effective at the NHL level.
Sam, we talked to Alex DeBrinckit a couple episodes ago
about front office's obsession with hype.
And we saw Cole Caulfield, unbelievable snipe,
it drops all the way down to 15.
Are front offices ever going to stop being size queens?
Yeah, you know what?
It's going to take more Caulfields and Debrinkets for that to happen
and the Johnny Goodros of the world.
But I think you're starting to see guys like Braden Point
change the narrative a little bit.
But often when given the choice of taking a player with skill and size,
they're going to take the guy that they'll give up a little touch of skill on
in order to get the size.
And that's simply that old school mentality that still exists in the National
Hockey League.
And there's also the recency of what we saw in the playoffs,
where size has an opportunity,
especially when you get deep into the playoffs of being able to win out.
And I think St.
Louis proved that.
So you're telling biz size does matter.
Sorry about that, biz.
Oh, no, hey, fuck you.
No problem.
You think that it was a perfect fit for Montreal
based on the fact they do have a small, fast team,
and that's kind of how they've adjusted their team
to be small and fast?
Yeah, you can identify a pretty good trend there,
and I think about some of their recent drafts,
Cole Fonset and Prince Albert, Cam Hillis alan mccain in the ontario hockey league when you look at the
guelph and oshawa combined and then think about what they have in the roster currently with drew
and with gallagher with shaw guys like victor mette but one of the other trends is that they
wanted to go big at center and they addressed that even though it was controversially done
with their third pick last year in Kotkin Yemi.
You look at Ryan Poehling, comes in, plays his first game,
gets a hat trick, he's a guy over six feet.
So it seems very clear to me that they want to definitely be big
down the middle of the ice, and then they want to be able to be
smaller, skilled, with speed on the wings.
And that's a trend that I think Mark Bergevin has identified
the way that the NHL is going.
And I give him a lot of credit there because Newhook, I think,
is one of those guys who plays with speed, scoring champ in the BCHL,
two years there where he absolutely lit it up.
And then you're saying, well, it's not a great league
or the competition isn't very good.
So he goes to the under 18s and he's arguably Canada's best player there,
which tells me that he fits in with the group of the rest of guys
coming from the CHL and just how proficient they
are. The other thing about Caulfield
is it just almost sets up
for in 2026
when people are sitting around looking at a draft
that's seven years old and he's coming off
three or four straight 38 goal
seasons, you're going to look down. It's almost
like Parisi in 2003 and see the
names in front of him and be like, what the fuck?
But we'll see.
The other guy that I wanted to ask about, and I really felt bad for last night, was Peyton Krebs.
Is that how you say it? Krebs? Yep, you got it. Okay, well, if people don't know, he was drafted by the Vegas Golden Knights, first round, 17th overall, but he recently partially tore his
Achilles. So he's up there limping around, and I was watching it with my wife, who's like, God, this is kind of a tough visual.
A team's taking someone in the first round, and he's limping up there.
What ended up happening there, and do you think he goes higher
if that injury doesn't happen to him?
You know what?
That's a great question.
So he was working out on his own, and he's a workout freak.
He's one of those guys who watches the CrossFit on YouTube
and does all that kind of stuff.
So he's very in tune with the, you know,
with the being in shape and that sort of thing.
He is an interesting guy.
Both of his brothers play in the Western Hockey League.
The younger brother, Drew, will be in Medicine Hat next year.
Dakota plays in Calgary, and his sister's a country star.
So they come from a real interesting family.
I can't help but think that the injury had something to do with it.
He, in most mock drafts, and for me, was projected in the top 10
because you meet the player, you understand all the adversity
he went through with not a very good Kootenai team this year.
They're trading guys every five minutes.
He's named the captain, still in his draft year,
so he's got that pressure to worry about.
Yet he didn't make a peep, still put up a point per game.
And then he goes and performs well at the Malenka Gretzky and at the
under 18 so you know that he can fit in and play with and against better players so I can't help
but think that the injury had some impact now I work with Brian Burke last night he made a bunch
of calls and and he made the determination that that injury is something that players often recover
from without any issue whatsoever and in some cases return stronger so there is that
kind of conflicting report but man i think that's a real steal there at 17 for vegas
sam there are 11 americans taken in the first round last night 11 canadians as well how far
are we from an nhl that has more american players than canadian, do you think? Oh, shit! Suck on that, Sam. I went there.
You know
what? I have to admit
that with what's happening
with the program, what's happening at the
grassroots level, and what's happening with
retired NHL players
staying in the American cities in which they played,
all of those things have combined
to make the Americans
a powerhouse,
and it's not going to stop.
And what we saw last night with that run of seven out of the top 15,
I think it was, I don't think that's going to stop.
Now, you do have those ebbs and flows in terms of draft.
Down year for the OHL.
The OHL will be a monster next year.
Down year for the Q.
The Q will be better next year.
Up year for the WHL this year,
not a great year last year for the WHL. So you do have some of those ebbs and flows.
And I do think that this was a bit of an anomaly. But in the grand scheme of things,
once stretched out over a long period of time, I think this is a trend that's going to continue.
I mean, I look at the population of the United States. And when you get into some of those traditional markets in Florida, in Texas, in California, in Arizona, which is really starting to come now.
You can't help but think that simply based on population alone and percentage of population
playing that it's bound to happen.
The other part of it is I really like what the U.S. is doing at the grassroots level
where they're emphasizing skill.
They're emphasizing the skating.
You know, I see some of the minor hockey at home and they're talking about winning games
and playing systems.
And it's a bit too much.
Let the kids go out and play, and that's what a lot of these retired NHL players are starting to do.
They're getting into the grassroots level.
They're coaching their kids, and they're saying, hey, listen, let's just go out and have fun, three-on-three, working your stick skills, working your shooting, that sort of thing.
So I think there's been a couple of areas that have really changed the course
of what's happening here in the United States.
Hey, guys, before we go any farther,
I just want to talk to you for a second about bird dogs.
Mike, are you familiar with bird dogs or what?
Yeah, they actually sent me a couple pairs before I went to Vegas.
Things came in clutch, nice and silky smooth.
Yeah, gym shorts with a built-in silky soft inner liner
that makes underwear obsolete.
It's like you're wearing nothing at all.
So if you want comfort, get on it.
Bird dogs, you can't beat it.
Go to birddogs.com, enter the promo code CHICKLETS,
and they'll throw in a pair of nunchucks.
That's birddogs.com, promo code CHICKLETS, and boom,
a free pair of nunchucks with your pair of bird dogs.
Can't beat it.
Sam, anyone in the late first round that you think a team really got to steal? Like one guy
that really pops out to you?
Late
first. I mean,
a guy like Ryan from the
Barry Colts. I've heard of him
a lot.
Yeah, I think
Foote is the guy for me. You know, he's
battled injuries a lot. I watched him come up
as a 15-year-old and he was absolutely deadly you know he's battled injuries a lot i watched him come up as a 15 year old and he was absolutely deadly and he's grown like this guy's he's going to be a monster
he's going to play at 6'4 probably 210 220 the one thing he has is that great ability to shoot
the puck and he can do it on the fly he can do it from a standstill he's got good hands so he can
make moves if he if he can get away.
But Tampa obviously has intimate knowledge of the developmental path of his brother, Cal.
And I think that what they've seen in the two years is a marked improvement,
not just in the skating, but it's catching up to those size 13 feet.
I mean, they've got to order special skates for this kid.
And I think Nolan's going to be a lot along those same lines.
So he's the guy that I didn't project to go in the first round because I was concerned a little bit about his skating.
But Tampa, very familiar, obviously, with Adam
and the developmental path of Cal, that they decided to jump there.
So he's a guy that I think in the late first
could end up surprising some people.
Yet with the name, is he that much of a surprise?
I guess that part's debatable.
Incredible to have two kids picked in the first round for Adam Foote. That's just
unreal. I'm wondering,
going into day two,
any names that you were shocked
to have not seen go on Friday
night and anything we can expect happening
around there? Are you hearing any trade rumors
or what's going on? You're on the floor.
Yeah, so three guys
in particular that I'll touch on.
In terms of trades, you're looking at, I want to say,
seven or eight teams with multiple second rounders
and seven or eight without a second rounder at all.
So that may have an impact on what happens in the trade market.
But let me get back to the three players that I think teams missed on.
The first is Arthur Caglia, 51 goals for the Hamilton Bulldogs,
won an OHL championship in 2018,
but a lot of issues with character, compete, and his shape.
For me, he's just an extremely immature kid who doesn't yet know how to work,
but he's got a good frame at about 6'2", 190 pounds,
and of course he could stand to be in much, much better shape.
With 51 goals and the way he shoots it, next to Cole Caulfield,
the best pure goal scorer in this
draft class. So really surprised that someone didn't take a flyer on him, especially a team
with multiple first round picks. The next guy would be Raphael Lavoie. He plays in Halifax,
20 goals in 23 games in the playoffs. A 6'3 guy who's a little bit lanky. He's got kind of that
lanky strength to him. Good puck protector. Shoots it a ton. Really good from the OB circle on the one-timer.
And at times can absolutely dominate a game,
be it physically with his ability to strip pucks,
score goals, protect the puck.
Now he's a guy too where some people question his character.
They question his compete and his ability to bring consistency to the table.
There are some family things in the background that I think have played a part in this
in terms of where he is mentally with his game right now.
Those things still have to be worked out.
And the last guy would be Brett Leeson of the Prince Albert Raiders.
Everyone talks about, oh, he's already a 20-year-old.
Why would we take him in the first round
when we think he's available in the second?
For me, I think he's going to end up being the steal.
The steal of the draft.
He'll probably go very early here on day two and i think this is a guy that i've seen him at his best i remember being
in uh in prince albert a 6-1 win over saskatoon and in round two of the playoffs in the western
hockey league april 5th i think was the date he had two and two in that game he blocked shots he
hit he stripped pucks he did absolutely absolutely everything in probably the most dominant performance
in any junior game I saw all year long.
He had that in him.
But here's a guy who was a third-round pick in Tri-City.
They didn't give him an opportunity because they were really deep.
Prince Albert recognized the guy was sized and a certain amount of skill.
They went and acquired him.
So last year he ended up with 32 points in the final 54 games of the year.
And the light went on.
He said, you know what?
I'm pretty good at this game.
So for the first time last summer,
he started to train, but not a lot.
So there's not a lot of hockey-specific training
with this player.
And I think the team that's going to be able
to support that is going to hit a real home run
with Brett Leeson because he does a lot
of really good things.
And the one thing I saw consistently in about the 10 or 12 times
that I saw him this year is ability to create offense.
He does it, you know, five, six times a game
if it's not for himself or somebody else.
Sam, I had one more quick one for you.
What is the percentage of guys who get drafted
and actually do make it to the NHL?
Yeah, so you're looking at the first round hit percentage is obviously high.
I don't have the exact numbers for you.
The second round, where there's a considerable drop-off is from the third round and on.
And a lot of times what you'll see if you're watching the draft floor from the third round,
from the beginning of the fourth round on, you'll see the regional scouts get the opportunity
to step up to the mic and make a lot of those picks because of their better knowledge base
of the players that
are in their area. But a lot of times you'll see the head scouts or the two head guys and the
general manager make those picks in the first three rounds because the hit percentage is
exponentially better. And it dropped significantly after round two and really significantly after
round three. Sam, any idea over the last 10 years who's been the best at drafting past round three?
I think San Jose has done a really good job in that area.
I think the Tampa Bay Lightning have done a really good job in that area.
And that includes, at times, being able to sign free agents.
I look at Yanni Gore, Jonathan Marcheseau.
I think Braden Point was a third-round pick.
Andre Palat was a sixth-round pick.
I look at San Jose, and I'm thinking about a couple of guys that are coming,
but notably on their roster, I think Pavelski was a late-round pick. I look at San Jose and I'm thinking about a couple of guys that are coming, but notably on their roster, I think Kowalski
was a late round pick. I want to say
Kevin LeBanc was also
a late round pick. So those would be two teams
that I would identify as doing a great
job later in the draft.
Well, Sam, that's just excellent
work. By the way, I wanted to ask
you, why don't you have Twitter?
A lot of
beefs with people when you're when you're chirping
different players or pumping different players no i'll tell you why from a business perspective
a network asks you to be on twitter they want to be able to guide what you say and what you do on
twitter you can't hawk products you can't go too deep into your personal beliefs but we want you
to be on twitter we want you to attract people to come and watch you and build your own brand. Well, I'm not one of those guys that needs
to build my own brand. I like what I do. I'm passionate about my job. If you watch me, I think
I'm pretty good at what I do. And I'm not one of those guys who needs to be outwardly out there
about everything. But getting back to it being a business perspective, if it was something that
was incentivized in a contract,
you'd probably see it change. But let's say I get on Twitter and I get 3000 followers and then near the draft, it grows and I'm at 5000 followers and it gets to 10 because my work seems to be okay.
And people like some of the stuff that I'm saying they're doing. If you incentivize that,
and you want to help me build my brand and you allow me to get out there a little bit. and when I go to a nice restaurant, I can talk about this restaurant because I like to eat.
Just look at my boiler.
I like to drink.
Just look at my boiler.
But you're kind of guided.
You're limited as to what you can do, how you can do it, why you can do it.
And it's not incentivized.
So how can someone have control about what you're saying and what you're doing and not pay you for it?
I guess that's probably the the basic premise you must work you must be a lurker then though right no honestly i don't have a burner account i don't look now i'll go on so
you know today i'll go on and type in bob mckenzie twitter and my or elliot's bereavement twitter and
nick kiprell's twitter and see what they're saying or what they're doing. But I don't know.
The other part is, guys, I have two young kids.
When I go home, I don't want to be on my phone all the time.
I like my kids.
I want to hang out with my kids.
I want to coach T-ball.
I want to get in the water and go up to the cottage and hang out with my kids.
I don't want to be governed by my phone all the time.
Oh, alert this, alert that. No, I don't want to do it. You don't want to be arguing with my phone all the time. Oh, alert this, alert that.
No, I don't want to do it.
You don't want to be arguing with some 12-year-old with six followers like business.
Business to do.
Yeah, that's the other part.
Hey, well, that was awesome.
We appreciate it.
And have a good rest of the day and weekend in Vancouver.
And we'll talk to you soon for sure.
So I appreciate it, buddy.
All right.
Thanks, guys.
I'll tell the Rocks you said hello. Oh, yeah, please do. That interview was also brought to you soon for sure. So I appreciate it, buddy. All right. Thanks guys. I'll tell the rocks. You said hello.
Oh yeah, please do.
That interview was also brought to you by Peloton.
Spring is finally here.
And if you're looking to get back into a great workout groove,
we have to tell you about the latest from Peloton, the tread.
It offers an expansive range of bootcamp, running, strength,
walking and stretching classes that re-imagine the at-home total body workout
experience.
The convenience of it is awesome. You bring your best total body instruction to you at home on your time. Peloton knows you're busy, so classes range from 10 to 60 minutes long so you can fit
in a workout on your watch. Instructors help you work up a sweat with world-class instruction,
whether it be running, walking, stretching, whatever you're doing, the motivation is real
time and crazy effective. There's a great variety too, so you're never repeating the same workout,
unless you want to, of course.
So you can explore all the running, boot camp, strength and stretching classes
on and off the tread to your heart's content.
You can also challenge yourself against yourself or other members
on the live leaderboard.
It also has innovative hardware, so there's shock-absorbing slap belts.
It's game-changing for your safety and comfort.
You'll also feel an extra spring in your stride, and your knees and joints will thank you.
The 32-inch HD touchscreen and powerfully built soundbar make the Tread the most immersive
and captivating workout experience.
Don't miss a beat in a workout that feels larger than life.
See your progress all in one comprehensive place.
You'll be able to push yourself to new personal best by tracking total output, distance, and
heart rate.
You can also earn badges and save tracks you love from your workout. You'll be able to push yourself to new personal best by tracking total output, distance, and heart rate.
You can also earn badges and save tracks you love from your workout.
So discover the immersive and challenging total body training you can get from Peloton Tread.
Peloton Tread is currently only available in the U.S. and is offering U.S. listeners a limited time offer.
Go to onepeloton.com, use the code CHECKLETS, and get 100 off accessories with the purchase of a tread.
Big thanks once again to Sam Costantino.
Huge help for us.
We always, you know, we don't try to pretend we're experts with the draft.
I can't even say half the names.
Exactly.
I didn't even know the Coyotes jumped up to 11th.
I thought it was 12th.
You're sick, buddy.
You're sick.
You're great.
You are definitely sick.
But, no, me and the width i would just talk we took a little piss break there about like how how addicted we are to
our phones and like we try to you try to make a pact with yourself to put it away for four hours
and it's like impossible to do and i was telling with that i've literally done this like if i'm
reading a magazine or a newspaper i've gone to swipe it up on the actual like paper on the
newspaper magazine i thought he was kidding i'm'm like, no, you haven't.
I thought I was blowing smoke.
No, I've done it more than once, too.
It's just that that's how fucking addicted we are to these goddamn things.
I also told Whit that they designed it like this.
Whoever designed the first cell phone, whatever,
they knew that it had addictive qualities,
but it didn't stop them from doing it because look at the world, man.
Everybody's fucking got their face stuck in their phone.
No, he made a good point about when you're with, you know,
he's with his two kids.
I mean, when you're with your, like,
hopefully at some point I start just putting it away because I said to Mikey,
like the worst thing is if you're on like Instagram and you refresh it,
you're like, I looked at this seven seconds ago,
but you're just so fucking mentally tapped that you're just always like
swiping up.
Like, what am I doing, dude?
I need to just put it away for a couple hours a day.
And with golf, it's a way, but then I'm back around humans.
It needs to go into maybe a drawer.
Last year when I was at the All-Star game in Tampa Bay,
I met some guy, a very interesting guy.
He just kind of floats around from city to city having a good time.
I don't know if he's got family money because it doesn't seem like he worked much
or maybe he finds jobs along the way,
but he just didn't have a cell phone.
He just wrote numbers down. He had
them in his pocket or wherever his fucking
luggage were and seemed like
he was the happiest guy on the planet.
He's fucking buzzing around. Nobody
can get a hold of you. You just kind of live
and enjoy life for what it is.
I might go off the grid
one of these days after my head explodes.
I really might. I was seriously thinking
about it, but legit, like, not forever,
just taking a long break, and then fucking
me and the wit style of the podcast, and it
took off, and it's like, we have to be online to do
this job. Well, yeah, because you got to keep up
with all the most recent news.
I would say the most four
relaxing days of my life is,
I don't know if you were on the Edmonton Oilers at the time,
but I forgot to pack a scarf and toque,
and we were on a road trip in Canada,
and we were in Edmonton,
and I went to Holt Renfrew to try on some Canada goose stuff,
and I put my phone down,
and somebody ended up stealing it.
I remember this.
You got it back, though, didn't you?
No, no.
I got the people's
number of which the phone called after it had been stolen yeah yeah yeah so like i tweeted out
the numbers and everything like that but whatever the guy stole my phone so on that road trip for
the last four days of it i didn't um i didn't have a phone and you know i was in panic mode
for the first few hours but slowly but surely as the days progressed, I was like, man, this is the happiest
I've ever been.
I'm just enjoying it.
I'm absorbing everything that's going on around me.
So I definitely, I respect why he isn't on Twitter and why he avoids most social media.
Without Twitter though, we do not see the greatest nose pick of all time last night.
That's true.
There are positives and negatives.
of all time last night.
That's true.
There are positives and negatives.
And people can't know about the 13 bottle of 333 milliliter water I bought at the Encore Beach Club.
Isn't that the tiny ones?
The tiniest water bottle you've ever seen in your life.
Like two sips.
She said 13 and didn't bat an eye.
And I'm like, can you at least acknowledge that this is ridiculous?
So after I tipped her, it's 15 for 333 milliliters of fucking water.
Like, come on.
I'm a principal guy.
I get maybe like eight.
But for 13.
What is the water bottle for ants?
Oh, and speaking of drinks, I jotted this one down on my memo pad.
The most overrated alcoholic beverage on the planet, Aperol Spritz.
Never heard of it.
Off with those Aperol.
You never heard of it either?
All right.
Oh, isn't it like champagne kind of Aperol?
I don't know what it is, but they make it famous at,
like usually if you go to like a nice, like a party or something like that,
or like Kentucky Derby sells them.
So I'd never had one before and all
these people were talking about them and and at the party i was at last night i ended up going
out to housewarming uh and they had them but it reminded me of the first time i'd ever tried one
where everybody was drinking everybody's talking about it and i had that that thought in my mind
wow i'm gonna taste a new alcoholic beverage and it's gonna be like i tasted a moscow mule for the
first time you remember the first time you tasted a m Mule, and you were like, holy shit, is this delicious?
It's got to be in those mugs, though.
It's got to be in the copper mug.
It's got to be in the copper mug, no doubt.
Absolutely.
Still a delicious drink nonetheless, but I tried this Aperol Spritz, and I'm like, what the fuck is all this talk about?
This thing is rubbish, and they ain't cheap either.
So I don't know.
I would imagine a lot of people have taste buds like me,
like perfect taste buds.
So you're going to be in complete agreement with me online
when you're tweeting me out your analysis of Aperol Spritz.
Well, that's like mint juleps.
Everybody gets them when they go to the Kentucky Derby
and they're fucking disgusting.
And they're expensive.
Aren't those things like 50?
Mint julep?
I don't know.
I've never been to the Derby.
I'm not sure.
I don't want mint in anything but my gum.
There you go.
By the way, Sam wasn't our only interview.
We do have Dennis Bonvey coming on a little bit.
He was a scrapper a long time ago.
He's a scout for the Bruins now.
He has some good stories.
We'll be getting him.
Second time on for Chick-fil-A, right?
That's right.
I'm sorry.
First time on me.
I wasn't around for his first one.
But yeah, Bonesy was in Boston.
We caught up with him in person, which is always better.
That was a blast.
And, yeah, I mean, Biz and him go way back in terms of Biz learning
how to fight in the Always Hungry League through Dennis Bonvey.
And I actually got a one-on-one interview yesterday with Stephen Dixon
because he was in Vancouver.
And, yeah, it was great.
How's he doing?
I actually, we got Brendan Siegel.
I got Brendan Siegel as well. I found that he was maybe a little bit nervous, so? I actually, we got Brendan Siegel. I got Brendan Siegel as well.
I found that he was maybe a little bit nervous,
so I'm actually going to have Brendan Siegel come on,
and all of us will do him.
Okay, okay.
Sometimes you do guys, and they're just a little bit more timid.
They feel like they're going to say the wrong thing,
even though I tee them up and tell them,
hey, we're going to take anything out that maybe you wouldn't want put on there.
How's Dickie doing?
Dickie's doing awesome.
Is he brushing his teeth and stuff still?
We talked about his bad teeth, how Dennis Bomby used to tell him that he could
shoot corner of the cob through a tennis racket, and he had little baby shark
teeth.
But, no, he's doing great.
We talked about Halifax.
I mean, he's a guy.
Some of the topic of conversation during the interview was he was a guy, after his entry-level contract,
he spent two years in the Pittsburgh organization.
On the last year of his entry-level deal, got traded over to Anaheim
and played in the American League in Portland.
And he didn't take his qualifying offer.
He ended up going right overseas and saying, fuck this.
I'm going to make money.
I'm not going to make 70 grand and grind it out playing 82 games.
And he's still playing overseas.
He just finished last year with the Cardiff Devils, my old team.
Talked to him about that.
So very interested to drop that.
We're going to have to get Brendan Siegel on, as I said,
before we drop Dickey because there's a lot of references to Siegel
on that one.
He's like, it's funny, Biz.
Over in Cardiff, there's these babies with big noses.
They can't do an ad read.
And it's like, they really remind me of you.
I wasn't getting laid over there much, buddy.
And some other news.
The Board of Governors met the other day,
and they proceeded with some rules changes for next year.
I'm going to read Elliott Friedman's.
I like him.
I like him.
He basically did a tweet thread. I'm just going to kind of roll through. I like him. I like him. He basically did a tweet thread.
I'm just going to kind of roll through now.
I'm not sure if this is every single one.
Like I said, I'm going to read Friedman's tweets here.
Let's see.
Even if team getting a man advantage ices the puck,
it will have faceoff in the offensive zone.
Team that knocks off the net accidentally on purpose
will not be allowed a line change.
The offensive team will be able to
pick the circle for the faceoff. If a goalie knocks off the net on a breakaway, automatic goal.
A puck shot on goal from outside the red line, if goalie freezes the puck, no line change is allowed.
If a player, this is one we were talking about before, if a player loses a helmet,
player will have to go back to the bench or put helmet back on properly. The only exception, it's an immediate play on the puck, a minor penalty for not doing it.
The chin strap does not need to be done up. And there's some new video review rules as well.
They expanded the coach's challenge. There's a third category added, allowed challenges of
missed stoppages of play in offensive zone leading to a goal. I know that's a mouthful.
Consequences of being wrong is an automatic two-minute penalty.
The second unsuccessful challenge is a double minor.
So they're giving them more challenges, but, wow, a double minor,
that's a big one.
That makes you think twice before you do it.
The missed stoppage is only black and white calls, hand passes,
puck and netting, et cetera, not talking about missed penalties.
The second change is for major and match penalties.
The ref who made the call will review it and confirm it for either a major or a minor,
but it must be at least a minor.
And for high sticking, the ref who called it can make sure it was not the own player
or a wrong player like we saw in the Vegas San Jose.
Again, the official on ice will have the final call.
And the reason pucko the Glass wasn't
included is, one, a differing number of cameras
from broadcast to broadcast makes
chances of calling it too inconsistent.
And two, they don't want to use video
review to call penalties. So, again, that's
not every single one. That's a few
of them that are going to be going into effect next year.
I just want to make people aware of them.
And I think we should send it over to Dennis Bonby
and have a little chat with him.
Well, I want to chime in on one of the rule changes.
Fuck you.
You're not the only one who gets to talk about these rules, you scumbag.
All right.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
Well, my first concern is the no icing on penalty kill.
You might have certain teams that are like, you know what?
We're still going to ice it.
We're going to take the D zone draw.
We're like, it's just going to slow the pace of the game down.
You think teams will still do that, though?
You don't know what team strategies will be.
And I get what you're saying.
You're like, oh, no, they're just going to have to adjust.
Well, that's you talking.
I mean, I've also seen Guy Boucher fucking have five guys spread out
across the blue line.
With Pronger and somebody else passing it back and forth.
Right.
Right.
So, like like any opportunity
to just like keep the game going and man you have the man advantage like fucking if you can't score
on the power play then fucking fix your power play and the reason they're doing is to increase
offense of course but i don't see that as the reason to do it um the the helmet thing another
thing like come on that one sucks shut the fuck up. It's the NHL.
Like, you lost your helmet because of a D-zone battle.
That guy should be able to stay in the battle.
I mean.
Let him decide.
It's his fucking head.
Right.
And I would imagine they're doing that for insurance purposes
and to stay ahead of not getting fucking bitched at by the PC culture online
with the head injury shit.
But, like, man, that happens, happens like maybe once a game, right?
Yeah, I mean, I...
When's the last time a guy got hurt because of it?
I just said it's the best, the option of scoring a goal with your helmet off seems like the best thing ever
until Kruk ran somebody over with his helmet off.
The one rule that I really like is that they can now check to see if a guy high stuck
himself or got high stick by a teammate,
because that happens.
I mean,
I'm not going to say frequently,
but you see a penalty in the playoffs where a guy's own teammate gets him in
the,
gets him in the,
in the lip.
He's bleeding.
And all of a sudden you're like,
dude,
it didn't even,
the guy got four minutes.
He didn't even do anything.
So that's a good one to be able to review and look at that.
And then also after the goal against the the bruins who scored that goal panarin after the puck went
over the glass into the netting and the whistle wasn't blown it makes sense i mean it's pucks
out of play dude game off as wayne's world would say all right right game off get the game back on
after you review it and realize the puck was out of play no goal if you don't know if you spewing
this sorry i don't know i don't know that one that was wayne that's gotta talking about like out of play, no goal. If you do spew into this. Sorry, Vince.
I don't know that one.
That was Wayne's.
That's Garth talking about puking in a little cup.
I remember that movie.
Nice.
I don't know if it happened in the San Jose series
or the Boston series for Tarasenko,
where he kind of whipped his head back.
And, I mean, the stick didn't even get him.
I'm curious to know, once they review it,
would they be able to give him an embellishing penalty?
I don't think so.
I don't think they can give penalties off of the reviews.
They can only take away.
Okay, but nonetheless,
it's going to be very interesting moving forward
of how guys get alienated.
If they did try to, in fact, sell a call,
the referee's going to be able to see it,
and then he's probably going to see it like,
oh, I got another 25, 30 minutes here
to fucking bend you over
for trying to make you look stupid.
No fucking spit, no lube, sandpaper finish, baby.
And with that, Dennis Barnby.
Our next guest is a recurring guest.
He was an NHL and AHL enforcer from the mid-'90s up until 2008.
He once racked up 522 penalty minutes in a season back in the AHL in 97.
He suited up for six different NHL clubs over a nine-year span
and had at least 200 PIMS in 12 AHL seasons.
He broke the 300 barrier five times per Wikipedia,
so take it with a grain of salt.
He's the most penalized player in pro hockey history
with 4,804 penalty minutes.
This dude was a bad man and jam when he patrolled the ice.
Welcome back to the show, Dennis Bonvey.
What an intro.
Wow.
I don't even know what to say.
Well, if you do say it.
I wish I could tell you I scored 30 goals a year, but I was back in junior,
and Burt Temple, and God rest his soul, told me,
whatever you do, do it to the best of your ability.
Bam.
That's all I can do.
I remember when you retired, and it was your last game in Wilkes-Barre,
and this guy was skating around the ice like it was fucking Wayne Gretzky's last game.
Oh, he is in Wilkes-Barre.
Yeah, you're like the Wayne Gretzky of Wilkes-Barre.
And you actually hold the record.
That is a fact of the most penalty minutes in pro hockey history.
Safest record for a hockey. I was just going to say that. the record. That is a fact of the most penalty minutes in pro hockey history.
I was just going to say that.
I'm not sure.
My coach in Hamilton said, I don't know whether to
congratulate him or kick him in the ass, but
it's quite a record, I guess, at the end of the day.
But when I retired, they gave me the penalty box.
Did they really?
They gave me the penalty box. I have it at home.
That's awesome.
I'm like, unbelievable.
I think the Bruins did that with Terry O'Reilly, too, if I'm not mistaken.
You know, a country club golf pass or something.
They give me the penalty box.
That's awesome.
Your wife makes you sleep in there some nights now.
I've sat in it a couple times.
I saw you scored one NHL goal.
Who did you score that one on?
It's an honor, but you had to bring it up, Ray.
One.
No, if you scored zero, I wouldn't say. Went off his face. It's a honor, but you had to bring it up, Ray. One. No. If you scored zero, I wouldn't say.
Went off his face.
It's a funny story.
I was playing with the Boston Bruins.
Is that good?
Boston Bruins.
And I go down along.
And it was in Long Island.
Nassau Coliseum.
And I go down the wing.
I think maybe Benny Ho.
Maybe Gordon Moore.
Somebody passed it up to me quick.
It was on a line change.
That's the only way I would get free.
And I go down the wing, and I slap shot,
and it dipped on Chris Osgood, five hole.
And the poor fella, I said, you should retire.
I never thought I'd score on anybody.
And he was a great goalie.
He's had a tremendous career.
So Benny Ho comes up, and he hugs me in the corner.
He said, what's wrong?
I said, I've never scored in the National Hockey League before.
I don't really know what to do.
So I come to the bench. They're all cheers for me.
And I go out the next shift and I fight Eric Kearns and get back
in my comfort zone.
You're like, ah, this is what I need.
I don't want to do this too much.
I'll fight a guy who's 6'7".
Mark LaForge said, you score once, they score twice,
three times the next year. First thing, you're a 15-goal
scorer and they're all
disappointing you because you can't do it.
He would just get one a year, Mark LaForge the best advice i ever got from dennis bomby other
than all those fighting tips was biz don't score too many because then they're going to start
expecting it yep expectations run high and if you can't deliver i think you told me once at a
testing in camp too you're like what you're gonna beat that number next year i'd be a little careful
here on this testing you don't want to get too high on that.
I did that in Ottawa one time.
I was doing the fitness test, and I had a bad knee, and I'm going.
And they're like, you're at 50, and I stopped.
They're like, what are you doing?
And I never get over 50.
That's enough.
That's not going to do my job.
Well, your job now, you were a scout for the Chicago Blackhawks.
Now you're with the boston
bruins um of course you being the nice guy that you are you didn't want to be a distraction
uh this interview will drop after the stanley cup finals but um like bring me through life of a
scout like you know in that transition from playing into being a professional scout
oh hi you know i i really honestly i pinched myself every day i i finished playing i was lucky
enough i was with toronto for a year uh and then i ended up going to chicago for for six years he
won three cups mark bergevin and stan bowman hired me which was was great and then i uh um you don't
have to talk so low you can come on i well i know but i such a humble guy and then uh you know i i
was fortunate enough i played with don Sweeney when I was here,
and an opportunity arose with Boston,
and it's been, you know, pinched myself again.
It's been great.
You know, I've played for some great,
worked for some great organizations,
and being a scout and being still in the business
and being involved with great people day in and day out,
it's wonderful.
It is really wonderful.
I would say that from when I played with you,
you were one guy that if somebody asked,
what do you think he's doing in 20 years?
I said, he will be involved in hockey.
Like there was no way you weren't going to be.
Just with how many relationships you formed
and the type of guy you were,
it was just almost a guarantee.
Well, I appreciate that, Whit.
I knew I had to understand the game.
I didn't skate well enough.
At the end of the day, I probably didn't play well enough.
I scored a few goals here and there,
and I could make plays,
but you got to understand the game. You know that, B enough. At the end of the day, I probably didn't play well enough. I scored a few goals here and there and I could make plays, but you've got to understand the game. You know that,
as a defenseman in forward, I couldn't play defense, so they put me up on forward. I'll tell that story in a second. That was a funny story.
I'll tell it actually now. I was in Cape Breton and Bob McCammon,
who was kind of assistant coach, but helping out with Edmonton, he came down to Cape Breton for the weekend
and we played two games Friday, Saturday.
And I was such a tough, rugged defenseman.
Didn't have great feet, but good sense.
Two left feet, though.
Two left feet, so we moved pretty good.
So at the end on Saturday, obviously a day off on Sunday,
he met me and he said,
geez, I think you've got a good chance to be a tough fifth, sixth defenseman,
seventh defenseman, but you've got to keep working.
I work on your feet, but I really like the way you played the last two games.
So I left that day and a day off,
and I felt great about where I was going as a prospect
and a chance to play for the Edmonton Warriors
if I keep working hard.
I came in on Tuesday morning.
I was playing right wing on the fourth line,
and I never played another shift on defense.
This is after the guy told you Saturday night.
He duped me.
He didn't want me to have a long Sunday. He just didn't want to give you the bad news me he didn't want me on the long sunday
he didn't want me on the long sunday so i'm like i can't wait to get back and work on defense
you're going up and that was the transition and that was it and i didn't think he did me a favor
but he did me a favor so and the transition had to happen and it was it was good he was a funny guy
real funny guy nice nice man. What was that story?
We're kind of getting into the scouting thing,
and you have to understand the game because you did play defense,
and then you were moved to fourth.
So you've been all around the ice and viewed it from both positions. So that's got to help you as a scout.
Yeah, it absolutely does.
And you have to understand how things are transitioning in the game.
And at times when you watch it as much as I did, you know that,
you're watching the game.
You're not daydreaming, you're watching the game.
You're watching it develop, you're watching what happens.
And when you're cognizant of teammates and how people deal with stuff,
you get a good understanding sometimes of what guys are going through at the end of the day.
Right.
Yeah, sometimes it's fairly easy to assess the talent,
but then all of a sudden you've got to find out what this guy's personality is like
because that's going to transform him into a locker room.
That's the complaint about the whole numbers and all of the other stats.
You're like, well, you've got to kind of know the guy a little bit at least.
No, for sure, and analytics is a big part of it.
I understand it, and a lot of it does make sense to a point,
but you've still got to make the cake.
To make the cake, you've got to do the groundwork, and you still got to do you still got to make the cake yeah and make the cake you got to you got to do the groundwork and you got to scout the player and you got to watch away
from the play and do your research and talk to players around like people around him to to make
sure that maybe he's not in the best situation maybe come to yours and fill in a different role
whatever it is so that's a big part of scouting and then sometimes you just your eyes and your
gut really follow your heart and say i just like player. Let's be honest about it, too.
I mean, sometimes you text me about my opinion on guys,
like guys I played with in Manchester,
and you always ask about the player,
and then you always follow up, what kind of guy is he?
You've got to get good people.
You've got to get good people.
The numbers take away the human element.
That's all they give you is numbers.
Now, do you have a certain region you scout in?
I'm out of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania,
so the whole eastern seaboard, but I do out west and I do central.
I'm fortunate enough that I've got a pretty good where I kind of
rove around and see as much hockey as I can in all teams on the NHL
and the NHL level and in Europe.
So that was part of when I came to Boston, Donnie.
It was tremendous, and Cam and the ownership and management have been very, very good.
What's that?
Sorry, Ben.
Well, I was going to say that was a good question by you.
Is there any prospects in the American League that a lot of people might not know about
that are coming up that you're like, this guy is going to be an NHL star?
Yeah, there's some good prospects.
Are they going to be NHL stars?
Who knows?
Who's like one name at the top of your head who you scouted this year
who maybe needed a full year in the American League to season his game,
who you're like, this guy's going to come up and make an impact eventually,
regardless if it's Boston or even another team.
Yeah, sometimes that's a little bit of a hard one,
but Charlotte's had a real good team all year,
and they've got that neck-ass down there.
It's hard to find guys that could be potentially top six players
or top two or three defensemen.
So he's one that comes to mind.
There's always players that go down there, but if they're that good,
they don't last long.
He's a younger guy that's got to get a little stronger.
So it's a little bit of a transition phase and getting a little older.
It's not about the talent level.
He's just got to get stronger.
But most of those guys that are down there, if they're really good,
they're not down there not long so you say you're you're finding role players and you're
finding fifth sixth seventh defensemen that have maybe missed it or just need a little bit more
time especially nowadays too because i mean it's the younger the league's getting younger and
younger where guys are seasoning and you need to use those guys in the cap situation where they
come in and use their their number i know you guys travel probably more than anybody.
It probably wears on you all the time.
But what's probably the sneaky best place to visit on the road,
whether some outpost in North America maybe, in Europe or something?
No, there's all kinds of great places, and I'm fortunate enough to move around.
But Nashville is a lovely spot.
Nashville.
It's just lovely.
Chicago.
I don't want to miss.
I always said this, and I really mean this.
When you're playing, obviously, in the National Hockey League, playing anywhere is an honor.
It's an absolute honor.
It doesn't matter where it's at.
I'm not even going to name a town because they're all great spots to go to in my mind.
They're all better than Anaganish.
Well, Anaganish is a lovely spot, too.
Lovely spot.
You want to get suckered?
I don't know how much of that. There used to be a lot of that. No, I'm saying you might suck a biz for chirping Anaganish. Oh lovely spot, too. Lovely spot. You want to get suckered? I don't know how much of that.
There used to be a lot of that.
No, I'm saying you might sucker biz for chirping Antigonish.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You don't chirp Antigonish.
Frankville.
Harvard Bushy, Frankville.
The Twin Cities.
It's like Minneapolis, St. Paul.
That's where I'm from.
Hey, I'm looking through some of the old rosters you played on,
and I didn't even know that George the Rock's rookie year,
you guys played together. That was the year you had 522 pims and he he had 179 but
what was it like i mean because that guy goes on to be one of the you know big time tough guys
didn't lose many fights the nhl and you you i'm sure taught him a lot what was that like
yeah i taught him he'd follow out and beat the guy up after i fought him i'd hang in and then
he'd beat him up i'm like george George, you've got to stop doing that.
You're embarrassing me.
What do you mean?
I'm like, I'm just telling you.
I'm just throwing less.
I'm going and hanging in and you're throwing him around like a rag doll.
And it's since gone on that he was one of the best.
He was so big and strong.
Big left.
You could just tell right away.
This guy's a monster.
He was so strong.
And I think he admitted it.
I don't think he'd like to do it, but he did it.
And he could be scary because he'd get you do it But he did it And he could be scary
Because he'd get you off balance
And he'd be big and strong
And he'd kind of like
Yeah he just
It was like hammer jobs
It was dangerous right
Because he'd hit you
In the back of the head right
So he'd be off balance
And get corked in the head
On the same time
But he was a big strong guy
No doubt
Who's this crazy man
The Odie Orditorp
You keep talking about
I've never heard of this guy.
Link Gates?
Len Gates.
Link.
Oh, Link Gates.
I couldn't believe you didn't know about him.
He was a little bit, how old is he, like 50, 60 now?
No.
No, he'd be 48, maybe 50.
He might be 50.
He was just a little bit out of my reach as far as how young I am.
He's 50.
Okay.
So there you go.
I played with him in Cape Breton at the time.
It was my first year.
He came down.
He had a terrible accident when he was in San Jose.
Bad accident anyway.
Motoring skills kind of hurt him a little bit.
So he was getting back in.
It was a big conditioning stint to see if he could, you know,
find his game again.
Because he was a terrific player, big, strong, you know,
crazy defenseman really at the end of the day.
But he could play.
He could play.
You know, he was one of those guys that was going to make a lot of money
if he could keep it straight.
So he came down and we had a really tough team there,
really tough team.
I think at that time we might have had six guys that Bob Prober in his heyday,
God rest his soul, Bob, and I wasn't one of them yet.
We had Link Gates and Mark LaForge and Louis DeBrusque and Scott Thornton
and Gordie Mark and Serge Robert.
All those guys.
All those guys.
All those guys.
Myself.
Like we couldn't handle the puck and the other team didn't want the puck.
It was a terrible hockey game.
Puck just sat there. and myself, like we couldn't handle the puck and the other team didn't want the puck. It was a terrible hockey game. So, and Lee was there trying to, you know,
he was trying to find his way and he worked hard,
but he had some moments.
And we were in Moncton one night and the fans,
and he liked me, he called me Bam Bam
because I would fight and I would be scared of him.
So we were in Moncton one night and the,
and I think he went out and the fans were hollering
at me, looking up and he, trying to see who it was. And he finally, and I think he went out, and the fans were hollering at me, looking up,
and he was trying to see who it was, and he finally,
and he got a penalty, and he got kicked out of the game.
And somehow, I think I had gotten maybe a skirmish or something,
and I ended up in a box with somebody.
And before they dropped the puck, they're like,
Dan S., they're like, what?
And I'm like, they look up, look above,
and there's Link with his gear on, no helmet,
standing over the fan that's taunting him.
And I'm like, you can't do that. No, that's taunting him And I'm like you can't do that
No skates are off
I'm like you can't do that
He's like what do you mean
I'm like get him out of there
So they had to get him out of there before there was an incident
And I'm like oh
It makes it better that he just went in the locker room
Well he was mad and he just he couldn't like he's like I'm gonna get this guy right
Like that's how he thought I'm gonna get him
And I'm like you can't do that.
Kind of against the rules of society.
I'll never forget that.
Like, Dan Asson.
I'm like, blank.
What do you mean?
You were his handler.
Well, I tried to help him because the other guys kind of just didn't want to do that.
And I'm like, I'll help.
I tried to get him to help him.
Dude, his San Jose mugshot looks hilarious.
You know what?
Deep down, he's a nice guy,
but he'd go off the rails a little bit sometimes.
Tell us the story about the grocery store or whatever.
Oh, I think it was in the airport in Halifax, I think,
and he was with me.
He was following me around.
We were chatting, and we were going through a trade.
We got a trade, and we were getting some food out of the thing,
and I'm about to pay for my stuff.
And the lady looks at me and says,
you sure you got to pay for that?
It was like a banana peel and a yogurt and empty water.
And he's like, I'm not paying for that.
And I think he called me and said something nasty.
I'm like, Link, you're going to pay for that
and you're going to apologize.
You can't do that.
And he's, sorry, I just had a moment.
You know, I'm like, you can't have those moments. So every, every. You're representing a hockey team. Socially acceptable. But he would do that. Sorry, I just had a moment. I'm like, you can't have those moments.
So every
You're representing the hockey team.
But he would do that.
You know what I mean?
Like he just didn't  wasn't thinking.
And he's like, sorry, I didn't mean to do that.
That's what they used to call him, right?
You know, we got along, and he respected me, and that was the main thing.
He respected me.
So  but he had some moments.
They called him the missing link.
Missing link.
When you started fighting, did you have a mentor when you started fighting?
Because you were undrafted.
You had a shitload of penalty minutes in the OHL, and then you started a minor league career.
How did that transpire?
Growing up fighting.
Yeah.
Well, you know what?
I played midget, and obviously you weren't allowed to fight.
And then I went to summer camp in Moncton, and just starting my midget to junior transition,
and you could fight
in that camp someone's like you're gonna fight I'm like I don't know maybe I guess if someone
comes after me give it a whirl and then I did well and then I fought again I'm like I can't
enjoy this you know I'm doing well if I didn't do well I wouldn't do it I'd be done right
and then they had this big guy in Moncton oh god I think it was about 6-3 Emil Beliveau
and uh you remember everyone well you're gonna fight that guy that guy's the toughest I'm like
yeah I'll try him I guess I'll hang so I hung in with him you know what I mean I don't know how
he did I hung in and this guy's some crazy tough guy and you're doing all right junior you know
what I mean and that's just the way it was you kind of get to the next league and you know and
then I went to to Kitchener I got drafted to Kitchener.
I was the sixth last, 277th overall.
Sixth last player picked.
The janitor picked me at the end.
He put his hand up.
And I went there, and they're like, who is this guy?
And I fought.
I fought a bunch of times.
And they brought this one guy in, John Kovacs.
I think he was a baker.
And him and I had a couple rumbles because they brought him in specifically for that.
But I just wasn't a great enough player.
I stayed for a month.
They sent me home.
I played junior in Annie Ganesh,
where it was like one fight for the game,
and you were kicked out.
And I had a bunch of scraps as a midget-age player playing junior
and ended up fighting who has since become a good buddy of mine, Tommy Hickey,
who was like the king of the league at that time.
He's very tough.
Very good friend of mine now and successful.
And I did well.
You know, I hung in there.
And I fought him again in a couple weeks.
And then I just went on a junior and did my thing.
I can't really explain why.
The good Lord upstairs was walking over me to keep me somewhat healthy.
Kind of played out that way.
And I did it, and I did well.
If I didn't do well, I guess I wouldn't have done it.
It helps when you don't get rocked early.
And as you said, you got that.
I had some confidence.
Some confidence early.
Got my feet underneath me and did okay.
One thing that kind of helped me embrace the role,
especially being in a similar situation to you
where they moved me from defense to forward.
And it wasn't really like, hey, is this a group decision? group decision they were like hey do you want to play forward and fight or we're probably going to find no use for you was when i started doing it
and you take your lickings but the positive reinforcement all your teammates all of a sudden
love you all the time because you're the one who's going to fight for them and so it's nice being the
guy who's liked in the locker room absolutely and i And I told you, when you did it and you came up and I said,
if you want to do this, you did it a few times, you were good at it.
You were smart about it.
And I think we played with Mark Letesta at the time.
It was a helicopter line, no wings.
You and I played with him.
He's looking around.
Don't pass the puck right or left.
Just keep it.
But I would tell you a lot of times, I said, I'll take that guy.
You would always take the tougher guy.
Not to be smart.
Just to get your feet wet.
I did the same with Brian McGrath.
Just to help him out.
Listen, that was the way that I would have liked to have been.
I mean, Cape Breton, the tougher guy, and I'd get my feet wet slowly.
Get my feet underneath me.
And I think that helps.
Yeah, I mean, Biz, if you were going in against the number one every time,
you'd have been like, I don't know if I got this.
But him doing it, you're like, all right, I take the two, and I learn my way.
Because it would have been different if you had the McGratton and the Sugden
and every time.
You just don't want to see a young kid that's trying to get sick,
and you know what I mean, and not like it, and then loses confidence.
You don't want to see that.
Really, it's not right.
Did you have any rivalries with any particular player
or a guy you fought multiple times?
Like every time you played that team, like, all right, here we go again.
There's probably a lot of them, actually.
Yeah.
Too many to list.
Would you consider John Morasty?
They call him Nasty Morasty.
Yeah.
You know, I fought Gino a lot.
Gino Ogic.
Gino Ogic?
Yeah.
He was a tough bastard.
For some reason, I played in Vancouver, and then he was in Long Island.
I was in Pittsburgh.
So we ended up fighting. He was a great guy. We're going to get played in Vancouver, and he was in Long Island. I was in Pittsburgh. So we ended up playing.
He was a great guy.
We're going to get this done early and get it done and play the game.
He was wonderful.
Just wonderful.
That's awesome.
And all you fight for, this will say that you fight for respect, right?
I just want to be respected.
Everybody's got tough guys, and everybody's going to have their day,
but just respect.
But in the minors, yeah, there's guys you continually bump into.
I never got out of the state of Pennsylvania, it seemed like, at the end.
So you're scrapping a lot of the same guys, right?
Oh, yeah, because you play the same team nine times every year.
Tell the Morasti story when we were in Syracuse the one time.
Oh, hey, John.
Hey, John.
Talk it up, too, about Konopka, too, because you brought up a good point.
I love Zan and Konopka.
Yeah.
But he was like the Don King of the AHL.
He's trying to line up.
He must have got a stipend for it.
He was like the fight doctor setting up fights.
And you go around the red line.
He's like, who are you going to fight tonight?
I'm like, I'll fight whoever you want after you fight me.
Why would I do that?
I'm like, well, why wouldn't you?
Yeah, right.
I'm like, why am I going to?
I'm not paying you to tell me who to fight.
If a thing happened, we'd fight.
But we had a tough team, Biss.
It was you and I and Matty Karkner,
who's as tough as they come,
and Derek Englund and Danny Kersh.
We had Bougard, too.
Bougard, he played sparingly,
but he was there, too, at times.
So we had a really tough team.
And then they had Zenon,
and they had Sestito and Morasti.
You know who else they had?
They had Clarkson at one point.
Yeah, and they had, what's his name?
Little guy.
Oh, Dorsett.
Yeah, Dorsett.
Him and Kersh fought all the time.
I told this story probably about 50 to 60 pods ago,
but Dorsett was that little guy who came in,
and he just wouldn't go away.
Wouldn't go away.
He would challenge me to fights.
I would shit kick him, and he would just laugh
and keep coming every game.
He was tough, and he proved that.
He had a heck of a career.
But then later in that game with the Konopka situation,
So, yeah, you get him going, and then we did fights,
and all of a sudden I said, I go to our guys, I said,
well, if things start, we got to be ready for it.
We're not going to start it, but when they start, we're going to finish it.
So out they come, something would happen, and then we get a fight,
and the next stop is another fight,
and then I think Morasty was saying something to me.
I said, as soon as you do something constructive in the game, positive,
with the puck or without it, besides fighting, I'll fight you.
If you make an impact.
So we're out there, and I'm wheeling around, and I look,
and he hits Biss on a turn, dirty.
Biss didn't see him.
And I'm like, oh, my God, here we go.
Come here.
Come here.
He goes, I told you I would.
I'm like, you got it.
I can't.
One thing about Morassi is Bilesma would come in the locker room and Todd Richards, and
they'd be like, don't worry about him tonight.
Just play hockey.
Leave him for Dennis.
I remember I had nine tucks the one year in America.
Nine tucks.
Call the cup champ.
Thank you.
How are you?
But he would just follow you around oh yeah for
the first period until you just said all right fucking fought him and then once you fought you
fought him you could play he was happy he'd go back to the bench he'd untie his skates and he'd
sit and just he was a good fellow he was so funny he's a good fellow he was respectful he did it oh
he was awesome we were just talking uh downstairs and before we started all this and we this is
after game one.
We're waiting until game two here in Boston,
and we were talking about the Krug hit and people thinking it was a charge,
and you made an interesting point of almost maybe the league has to go no hitting.
That's what he said.
He said, what's your theory on how confusing it is now,
and especially for guys who are playing third and fourth line roles?
Well, I really don't want to mention too much about that because I work for Boston.
Because you work in the league.
But it's hard. I think anybody will tell you that you know
you don't really want to hit and hurt anybody but you want to be physical you don't want to
miss a hit because if he goes around you and scores then it's your fault so you you got to
do the job you know sometimes there's excessive there's no no doubt about that uh and and the
nfl it's a time, a very difficult time
because, you know,
there's a lot of things,
concussions,
and there's a lot of things
going on.
But, you know,
when you do have
a little physicality in the game
and the speed and the pace
and all that,
and you see the fans
getting into it,
it's like the last game.
It was exciting,
but there's been a lot
of those exciting games.
Columbus, we played them
in the series,
was really tough,
really hard,
could have went either way. So it's nice that the competitive juices rise a little bit right and
and uh and so far so good i know uh her excuse me herb brooks coached uh most of the 99 2000
penguin season you were up with them for a stretch did you actually get to play under her brooks at
all yeah i played for herb god rest his soul yeah he was great. He was really, really good to me.
And, you know, really respected how I did it and dressed me every game.
And he was exceptionally good.
He really liked that aspect of the game.
If, you know, as a good person, you went about it and did it the right way.
And I actually talked to him, you to him a few days before that accident.
I think I was maybe potentially going back to Pittsburgh.
So he was a supporter.
He was a supporter and liked that style of game.
There's no doubt about that.
That's interesting.
Really good, Matt.
I mentioned you finished up in 2008.
You had a scrap in your very last game.
Was that maybe kind of sort of planned in the back of your head?
I'm going to go out in style here.
It wasn't planned, but it just happened.
Jay Rose and I bumped into each other in the high slot,
and it was five minutes, and I'm like,
ah, you want to do this?
It was Rose Hill?
Rose Hill, yeah.
And we did it, and he raised my hand,
and it is what it is.
No way.
Yeah, and it was,
and he's gone on to have a great career as well.
So it was kind of circumspect.
It just happened.
He crowned you champion. Yeah, wow. That's awesome, dude. I wouldn't say champion. It just happened. He crowned you champion.
Wow, that's awesome.
I wouldn't say champion.
Thank God he's gone.
I can't watch him play anymore.
Is there a tape of that?
That's what he was saying about me.
Is there a tape of that,
a video of that?
That'd be great to be
with our audience.
I'm sure.
Dennis has it on VHS.
He fucking strokes his cock
off to it every night.
I don't think I have it on VHS.
I probably have it on VHS, though, somewhere.
Oh, that's awesome, man.
That's a wicked cool story.
Probably the fight you're most known for is you and Van Den Bush.
It went on for six days.
I was in that game.
There was actually a lunar eclipse in the midst of the fight.
We settled the World War.
Nobody knows.
We fought two weeks.
The Cold War ended.
Two weeks before that, we fought in Hershey.
It was in the third period, and we were playing.
And we were down.
I think we were down 2-1.
And it was behind the plane.
Bushy, we're going.
I said, ah, come on.
I said, yeah, we're going.
And he kind of dropped quick, and I got to jump on him and hit him with a few.
Anyway, he wasn't happy about it.
You know what I mean?
And I kind of knew that.
Then I heard through the grapevine.
He wanted to scrap me again.
So, and then the puck drops.
I wasn't, I was on the bench and he's looking down the ice.
See what I'm going on.
And I just would just wait.
So we went out on the neutral zone draw and he said, we're going to see.
Yeah, we'll fight.
That's fine.
And, uh, and a lot of times I've stopped and I'm like, you want to stop?
He's like, no, keep going.
So it was like, ah, you're trying to get a win?
I'm like, no, that's the way it was.
I just, are we done?
Are we done?
I asked him three times, and he just wanted to keep going,
and we kept going, and it ended up being a memorial one.
So your own little game.
You had the first break where you're like, hey, we're going to keep going.
Let's jump back on.
You know, I'd like to fight on the defensive a little bit too at times. You know what I mean? You're like, hey, we're going to keep going. Let's jump back on. I'd like to fight on the defensive a little bit too at times.
You know what I mean?
You're smart.
Well, in junior and in starter pro,
it was a slugfest all the time.
And you're playing with fire when you do that,
with your head and your hand.
And hopefully you're on the right side of it,
but you might not be.
You know what I mean?
Because you're throwing haymakers.
So I change up my style a little bit,
and I try to fight a little smarter
so you're not getting the clean shots,
but maybe you're getting him.
So that's just the way I would fight.
If you haven't seen that, folks who are listening, it's on YouTube.
I would say it just went over two minutes.
Yeah, it was long.
I'll never forget being on the bench for that fight,
and Mike Yo was behind me, and he was just like,
Oh, my God, oh, my God.
And Yozy was tough.
Yozy was real tough, and he respected Bushy, obviously, so much.
And he knew Bonvy.
But it was just like hearing a coach as the fight's going on get more into it.
You're like, all right, this is it.
Yeah, it was great.
And I respect him.
Bushy and I were the same age.
So we scrapped a few times with Junior and then in parole quite a bit.
But he's probably the guy who scrapped the most.
I don't know how many times.
And then we went over after and I shook his hand open. I said, you're the man.
Yeah, yeah. He was one of the toughest pound
for pound fighters. Great guy.
Great guy. You brought a list over, a little
laundry list. Did we get through all those stories
that you might have wanted to mention? Yeah, for the most part.
Hey, actually, another, well, not really a story,
but I was talking to Jeff Merrick and he,
they just recently had on him and Elliot Friedman on their
podcast, Dave Andrews,
who's the president and CEO of the AHL,
and he said his all-time favorite AHL player was Dennis Bonvey.
Get the fuck out of here.
You guys have a great relationship, he mentioned.
Yeah, well, I had a tryout.
I was meant to Calgary, and I was there for a couple weeks,
and I got let go, and I tried out in Cape Breton,
Edmonton's farm team at the time, which was a couple hours from my house,
and Dave Andrews was the GM.
And he was a big supporter of keeping me around george bernett was the coach and probably
looked to me he's not a great player you know what we're going to do with this guy and dave
went to bat for me and said keep him around let's keep working with him and that's what anyone looks
for you know unless you're a really really good player you look for a break and somebody to give
you a break and he did that uh the next year uh he's probably tired of watching watching my aunt
he went and he was running the AHL.
But I thank him every time I see him because, you know,
without people behind you giving you an opportunity,
he gave me an opportunity to play and stick around a little bit,
and then you've got to take advantage of it, right?
So a big reason why I, you know, I got my feet wet and got started
was because of Dave Andrews.
And I was he glancing at me.
You might beat Robert Bertuzzo for the, you know, he knows.
You ever hear him on?
Did he say?
Oh, yeah.
We call him Bobby, you know, Artuzzo.
Bobby, you know, Artuzzo.
I never.
The other thing was that you were around such a long time.
You probably saw the PHPA really, not necessarily begin,
but become better and better for the guys in playing the EHL
in the East Coast League, right?
Yeah, I was fortunate enough at the end.
I probably didn't get into it as soon as  I should have gotten into it a lot sooner.
I was part of the executive at the end the last few years just to help out
and just to support the guys, to get them more rights.
And it was helpful.
It's helpful to see how things work on a daily basis.
Because it could be  I mean, there's times down there
they could really like, it's a grind, right?
So you need as many rights as you can get.
Yeah, exactly.
Because the NHL guys have a lot of stuff.
Exactly.
You know who we didn't talk about last time you were on?
Remember Louis Robitaille for the Hershey Bears?
What the fuck is that guy up to?
This guy was probably one of the biggest pests.
I remember him.
He's coaching the Quebec League. Oh, is he really? i remember he's coaching the quebec league oh is he really yeah he's coaching the quebec league yeah oh shit yep
yeah he just fucking stirred it up oh my god he would never get the crowd going he learned she
just just being uh hey that was his time to shine and he was one of the best i did do you have any
stories he was good at it you might have played with him in hershey didn't you or did you guys
miss each other? No.
After a game one time, I was so frustrated because he fought me once, and I think he maybe
banana peeled or whatever, but
he wouldn't fight.
And listen, I respect that. He did his job.
I wouldn't fight you either, you fucking idiot.
So he did it pretty good. He was a
grinder.
He slipped out after the game, Wilkes-Barre,
and I was going on the bus after him,
trying to get after him
and the only guy between us...
Wires crossed.
Oh, they crossed, yeah.
I was so upset.
And the only guy between us was Bruce Boudreau
and I'm like,
you and he's way back on the bus
and I'm like, sorry, Gabby.
He had a chicken wing.
Yeah, no, I shouldn't be here
and I remember, forget that.
And then Link Gates is outside the bus
being like, Bones, you can't do that.
That was early in my career.
You just can't do that, buddy.
He finally, this is amazing how he ended up in his spot.
Yeah, yeah.
I was playing in Cape Breton one time,
and Roman Aksuta, a Russian guy, they come over,
and obviously he wanted to be in Edmonton, right?
And he got sent down on a conditioning stint or something.
He was frustrated with the situation the way it was.
Because when they come over, they want to play in the National Hockey League, right?
Yeah, they're not.
They don't want to be in the minors.
And I understand that.
He was a big guy, talented, and didn't speak much English at all.
And it's my first year.
I'm sitting on the bench, middle of the bench,
watching, just trying to understand the game better
so I can play when I go out there.
And he got tripped.
And he felt like it should have been a penalty.
And he's frustrated.
And there was no penalty.
And I look, and he harpooned his stick at the ref,
threw his glove at the ref, threw his other glove at the ref, and then threw his helmet at him.
And I'm like, and he's like,
and rushed it and I'm like,
you're done.
Back to Rush.
But he was so frustrated and I never forget that.
I'm like, what is he doing?
And the ref is like, ducking
the glove, ducking the helmet, ducking the stick.
You're done. You got a suspension.
Oh, you got sussy?
I think you got a game or two. At that point, that's what it was.
But I'm like, you can't do that.
I thought that was like a two-minute penalty back then.
Yeah, well, it could be.
He got tripped.
He wasn't happy.
He thought it should have been a penalty.
The ref's like, grab your gloves, go to the bench.
We'll forget about this one.
I'll never forget.
He was a nice guy, though.
Usually when we have former Wilkes-Barre Penguins guys on,
we always talk about Glenn Patrick.
Glenn?
Oh, he's one of the nicest guys ever yeah nice man
nice man i feel like you guys must have been tight actually because he respected the hell out of guys
that were well okay so he wasn't wilkes-barre when i was there he was down in wheeling as the coach
that's why i had glenn patrick you had him when he was in the american yeah my first two years
in wilkes-barre yeah so i mean he seems like he'd be fairly easy. Yeah, he was a player's coach. He was, you know, he didn't coach as much as you'd think,
to say the least, but he was a player's coach,
and he loved being around the guys,
and he wanted the best for everybody.
You know, and he'd let you play.
There's no doubt.
You know, there wasn't a whole lot of systems.
You just go and play.
And as a player, you know, you kind of enjoy that, right?
Just go up and down.
You roll the lines.
Yeah, this is fun.
Yeah, it was fun. It was fun. There's no doubt about that. But at some point, you've got enjoy that, right? Just go up and down. You roll the lines. This is fun. Yeah, it was fun.
It was fun.
There's no doubt about that.
But at some point, you've got to put that strict system in place
and make sure you're
Do you still keep in touch with him sometimes?
I think he's in Wilkes-Barre.
I don't see him very often.
Do you skate at all anymore?
I didn't skate at the end of my career.
No, I coach my son and stuff, but I don't know.
And then them will work.
I don't have much time to do it.
I probably should wheel around a little more, get myself in better shape.
I mean, I know you're a pretty modest guy,
but I know before the mics turned on,
you were just taking a lot of credit for the championships
that you'd help the Chicago Blackhawks win.
And then now that you're helping the ball.
I was stick handling with Kane, skating with Duncan Keith in the summers.
Yeah, was I ever.
Was I ever.
No, I'm fortunate enough to work with a lot of great people
and a great organization.
I say that in all the organizations I've been in.
And, you know, great ownership management, coaching staff is great,
and obviously our role, like our core obviously our core guys, great young guys.
So it's a great mix, straight throat.
Cam and Donnie do a great job.
So very fortunate to be in the spot I'm in, and fingers crossed.
Fingers crossed.
Great city to come visit.
It's been great.
Well, Bones, this won't drop until afterward.
Good luck the rest of the way here.
Thanks, Bones.
Thanks, guys.
I appreciate it.
Appreciate it.
And big thanks once again to Dennis Bonvey for joining us.
Definitely a tough customer back in his day.
Sure wouldn't have wanted to scrap with him.
One quick note before we get to a little bit of trade news.
The NHL announced on Saturday that the salary cap for next season
will be 81.5 million.
The lower limit will be 60.2 million, so it did go down a little bit.
We didn't get much trade action on Friday night, really one little swap for picks,
but Saturday sure made up for it, and this could be the biggest name of the summer that got moved.
We had mentioned P.K. Subban's name was popping up frequently in rumors because of his 9 million
price tag and the fact that Nashville needs cap relief to pay Roman Yossi. Well, on Saturday,
the Preds shipped him to the New Jersey Devils for defensemen Steven Santini and Jeremy Davies,
a second-round pick in the 2019 draft
and a second-round pick in the 2020 draft.
This is a deal that helps up both teams.
It opens up 9 million for the Preds,
and they get some future assets and organizational depth.
For the Devils, they had a top-puck moving defenseman
who's a bona fide star for a relatively low cost.
PK got three more years left at 9 million per.
So, hey, the Devils, they kind of rewrote their organization overnight.
Biz, what's your take on this one, bud?
I don't really like the return for Nashville.
You know, I don't think they don't have,
they didn't get any back any big name prospects.
And I know two second rounders is okay,
but just the percentage of players when it drops off
as far as guys getting drafted outside the first round.
I mean, I know Nashville has done a good job of drafting
and developing as of late, but I just don't like the return.
I clearly see why they did it in order to probably extend Yossi
and maybe even clear up a little bit of cap space
in order to bring in the rumored Matt Duchesne.
I'm pretty sure everyone's been hearing that,
that the leading candidate in order to land the number one center free agent
of the summer is Nashville.
So very happy for New Jersey and their fans.
You could see right away Halsey, who's probably a leader in that locker room,
very excited to get PK on board at a very competent
I would say with where PK's at now, he's a very solid number two.
I wouldn't call him a direct number one defensive.
Would you guys agree on that?
Yes, I agree with that.
I think that offensively maybe number one,
but when you put it all together, he's not a true number one D manager.
He's not Drew Doughty, you know?
Yeah, like a 1B.
I mean,
he is making a little bit too much in order to be a one B,
but there's a team that has a lot of cap space left in New Jersey.
They're going to have a few young guys coming in on entry levels who are
making impact. So I think I really liked the trade for, for,
for New Jersey. And I think it was a place for Nashville where, you know,
they had haven't got over the hump with the moves that they'd made.
And, and I guess very similar to like a St.
Louis where they needed maybe a little bit of a revamp in order to maybe make
it over that hurdle. Cause you know, Nashville still got a very solid team.
They got a lot of depth up front. They still have a fairly decent D squad.
Not, not as good as it was, but you know, I liked it.
I liked the move better for New Jersey, though.
I think all of a sudden it makes them somewhat of a contender.
I think anything but playoffs is a disappointment going into this season.
I agree with that.
I also think that it makes a ton of sense in terms of, hey, Halsey,
we want you to resign here.
Look at what we're doing.
You know, it's like this isn't going to be like last year.
We're not going to deal with bullshit.
And, you know, they battled a ton of injuries, including him.
But they're looking to reload.
And Ray Sherrill has done a really good job.
I will say that I don't know much about Jeremy Davies.
You know, I've seen Santini play.
I think the two second-round picks can be very valuable.
But, you know, Davies, he led his team.
He led Northeastern in scoring this year as a defenseman his junior year.
I also did that my junior year at BU.
Thank you very much.
But it was like 20 points because we sucked.
But you'll see what happens with him if he can become a really solid pro.
Who knows?
But it makes sense for both teams.
The only thing I'll say is this creates a ton of room to re-sign Yossi,
who is a number one,
who is a stud,
the best defenseman on that team in Nashville.
But it also is totally around,
as Biz said,
Duchesne signing there.
And if he doesn't sign there,
then you start wondering,
oh,
because,
you know,
David Boyle goes in and says,
we need some help.
We're trying to get better up front.
We already have a lot of depth on the defensive side.
You know, Ekholm and Ellis and Yossi, they have some great defenders.
So it's not a huge deal to lose PK.
But they also want Dushane.
I mean, they want Dushane.
And if they don't get him, then you start wondering,
oh, well, we lost a really high-level player, and we didn't end up getting back or signing who we hoped.
So we'll see what happens.
But I do think that Jersey's done a great job of retooling,
and Hughes helps, and PK's a big deal.
And Ray Sherrill said it's, you know, the season doesn't start until October.
There's a lot of time left.
We'll see what else they try to do in free agency or trade-wise.
But it's exciting for Devils fans because last year sucked,
and it was after a year where they made the playoffs surprisingly.
And, you know, obviously lost to Tampa.
It was a hell of a series.
Not a hell of a series, but it was good for them to get in but they want to get back and I think
to get Halsey to resign there and to really get things going in the right direction it was a good
move and Ray Shiro actually sought out Taylor Hall's input before making the move I thought
was interesting he said I talked to Taylor before we did this because he knows PK and he was really
supportive which I was hopeful of and then he said I wasn't sure that I would have made this move if he wasn't,
which speaks to, I guess, Taylor Hall's presence in the Devils organization,
how much his word carries.
And also, like you said, Biz, if you're a Devils fan, man,
you have to be absolutely psyched.
Early in the week, everybody was talking about the Rangers
and how they improved so much overnight by adding Trouba
and, of course, Capo Caco.
Well, now the Devils had it soo been and Hughes within 18 hours.
So you're a Devils man.
You've got to be off the wall.
One other thing, too, is I said a one B for P.K. Subban.
He dealt with some injuries last season.
Probably his worst season in a long time statistically.
Yeah.
Nice, man.
You're welcome.
One time.
But this is the type of guy that thrives when he's the go-to guy.
He was in Nashville, and I feel like he maybe got lost in the shuffle
a little bit behind Yossi and behind even Ellis.
Ellis, I know he's more of a four guy, but he's a great defenseman as well.
And at home, so now he gets to go there and be the guy.
They have a somewhat decent top four now too, I would say.
They have Vatanen, Green, I think Butcher's another guy. And I think PK's going four now too, I would say. They have Vatten and Green.
I think Butcher's another guy.
And I think PK is going to be kind of the go-to guy there.
And I think he thrives off that type of attention and being the guy that gets to have the puck in the right moment.
So I think it's a huge pickup for New Jersey.
And I'm happy for PK too.
He gets to go to another big market that's on the way up and on the rise.
And let's see what they can do with it. Absolutely. That's a great point too. He gets to go to another big market that's on the way up and on the rise and let's see what they can do with it.
Absolutely. That's a great point too. I mean, it's not
New York market, but it's right there, right
across the river. So he's definitely in a bigger market
area for sure. One thing about Davies,
I wonder what his nickname is in the locker room
because you've seen Save and Private, Ryan, right?
Yeah, what part though?
You know the guy who plays Upham, the fucking
the weakling who watches it? That's his
name in real life, the actor who plays him, Jeremy Davies. Really? I saw it, yeah. I wonder if they call him Upham. You don't want to plays Upham? The fucking weakling who watches it? That's his name in real life, the actor who plays him, Jeremy Davies.
Really?
I saw it, yeah.
I wonder if they call him Upham.
You don't want to nickname Upham, though.
Definitely don't.
I watched that guy kill his fucking boy.
That was a bad scene.
Tough nickname to get stuck.
It actually made the movie, it made what war is really like, right?
It was a pretty powerful scene, but it was just so brutal to watch.
That's why I thought Spielberg was
brilliant, because it shows, like, you know, not every
guy had the capacity to step up in a moment
like that. I thought it was a brilliant scene to put it in.
All right, meanwhile, back in the NHL, another team
in need of cap relief, the Toronto Maple Leafs.
They got some as well on Saturday, but it didn't come
cheap. The Leafs sent a conditional
first-round pick and a seventh-round selection
in 2020 to Carolina for a
sixth-round edition. If Toronto's first-round selection in 2020 to Carolina for a sixth rounder this year.
If Toronto's first round selection in 2020 is a top 10 pick, the Hurricanes will instead receive a first rounder in 2021. So it basically cost Toronto a first rounder to clear six and a quarter
million from the books, which they need to re-up Mana, Kapanen and or Johnson, I'm sorry.
And the Canes get a first rounder for taking on some money. So this is another one of those,
you know, salary shedding deals
that we're seeing tons of.
What do you got on this one, Whit Dowd?
Well, it does make sense, and it shows how important Marner is to this team
and what they're willing to do to make sure he gets signed.
Patrick Marleau, from everything that I've read and heard,
the Canes will do their best to convince him to play for them.
But in the end, I think he really wants to play for San Jose,
and if that's the case, they'll buy him out.
And I haven't heard that it's definite San Jose will resign him.
You know, has that come out?
Have you guys seen that?
If it's like, I guess you can't even do it yet.
Well, it's not.
I mean, they obviously have other needs.
They got to take care of Pavelski right now.
They got to sign Timo Mayer.
And it's not a guarantee Marlo ends up there for sure.
You know, maybe Marlo, having made so much coin in his career, just says,
hey, I just want to play another year.
Give me a million bucks.
That could actually be the case.
He won't need the money, especially with the buyout.
But I think he made an impact with Toronto, and I know two first-round exits, right?
I mean, they haven't really made that next step yet.
But it seems like he's really taught Marner and Matthews,
and he mentioned them in a tweet he sent out through his wife's Twitter
because he doesn't have social media, which is beautiful.
But he mentioned that you guys are like family to us now,
and it's cool to see.
And I think that it was also interesting that he wrote,
don't forget how good you are.
And I'm sure that in his long run, in his long career,
he's kind of gone over with that.
Man, there's going to be times the confidence wavers.
But just try not to forget with that little message right there
that you guys are so good and you'll be able to take that next step.
But I'm sure he'll be missed.
I mean, a quiet guy who's not going to be giving speeches in the locker room.
I shouldn't say that I've never been in a locker room with him.
I'm guessing he's not a speech guy.
He goes out and lets his play kind of act as his leadership.
But you can learn a lot from a guy like that.
So I think he made an impact with Toronto. And it'll be good if he gets to go finish his career in San Jose goes out and lets his play kind of act as his leadership. But you can learn a lot from a guy like that.
So I think he made an impact with Toronto, and it'll be good if he gets to go finish his career in San Jose,
where he was the whole time.
But still, very interesting that they had to trade it.
You know, they're giving up a first-rounder just to make room,
just to make room to try to sign these guys.
So I also think it's very important for the Leafs,
after the season Kapanen had,
and in the first-round series against the Bruins, he was a beast.
They want to re-sign him, and a lot of stuff
was going around that they won't be able to.
Well, I think they realized how valuable he is to
that team, and this is one of those moves where
we got to get him and Marner going here.
Yeah, absolutely. They end up locking in
I don't know if it's official yet, but
Johnson and Kapanen. I was surprised
Johnson will be at a bigger
cap hit than Kapanen.
Did you see that?
Yeah, that Johnson gets pretty legit.
Late round draft pick.
Put up over 20 goals last season.
You don't find 20 goals as horror as young guys laying around very much.
No, they don't grow on trees, Biz.
No, they don't.
A lot of emotional messages sent out on Instagram and Twitter
by the young guys on the Maple Leafs.
You mentioned how important he was in that locker room. It's a shame because the decline was so fast
for Marlowe, where in the first year of that Maple Leafs deal, was he getting paid a little
extra in order to bring that veteran experience? Sure. But after last year, just the amount of
money and how tight they are to the cap, which there's been some rumblings about how certain sports writers
are saying how the cap's kind of ruining the game,
which I can agree with in a sense of not the parody aspect,
but look at what Toronto's done.
Oh, God, my hotel room phone's ringing now.
Give me one second.
They're like, it's some girl.
She's like, Jesus Christ, you didn't clean me up good enough.
I know.
By the way, this just got up.
He's butt naked.
This is butt naked.
He's scratching his cornhole right now.
Look at his ass dimple.
Holy shit.
He's fucking shredded, though.
I'll give him credit.
He doesn't listen to the podcast.
He'll never hear this.
He's ripped still.
Look at those tats.
Look at that covered wagon.
Oh, my God.
What a bat.
Where was I?
Where was I?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Talk about Marlo.
Continue on, Paul.
Oh, no.
Oh, you guys are going to keep this thing going?
Extended checkout.
Where was I?
Sorry.
We talk about Marlo and social media and all the young guys who would chime in.
Yeah, but where was I exactly?
How people are complaining that the salary cap is ruined in hockey.
Right, but look at what the Leafs have done in order to build this team up.
And now all of a sudden they've got to pay their good players
that they've drafted and developed.
And all of a sudden they've got to start fucking trading away assets
in order to keep their guys in line, which, I mean,
you can make the argument either way, but it seems kind of shitty for Toronto
where they did it the right way
and built this team from scratch,
and now they're kind of losing guys just based on the fact
that they have to pay them.
Anyway, very sad to see Marleau go for those young guys,
but I agree with a very high price to pay in order to shed that salary,
but they're in a desperate time right now where they need to lock in some guys.
And keep in mind, they still don't have enough money to go out
and get any big-name free agent defensemen.
So they still really haven't addressed their issues
that they've been suffering from in the past few years.
So nonetheless, a big move for Toronto in order to kind of put some pieces
in place to make their few runs, or at least what they want to do
in the next couple of years.
Right.
What you mentioned,
um,
how Milo doesn't have social media.
So he posted on his wife's account.
Um,
I don't know if we talked about,
did we mention what Carrie Price's wife did the night of the NHL awards?
That was hilarious.
Oh,
in case you hadn't seen it,
got me going to,
and she's like,
hanky panky.
Yeah.
In case you had a company or is that like,
is she saying like we had some hanky-panky going?
Oh, I think she was referring to that hanky-panky.
It looks like she might have a little bit of a glow on, a couple of champagnes.
Carrie's phenomenal looking.
Yeah, he's definitely a rock.
In case you didn't see it, Carrie Price didn't have his pocket square for the NHL Awards.
So his wife was kind enough to give him a pair of her panties that he put in there and placed as his pocket square. Nobody noticed. Nobody
wears for the wear and she told us before she went to bed.
I thought it was one of the funniest clips of the summer
so far. Pretty good stuff. Check out our Twitter feed
if you haven't seen it yet. You know us over
at Spit and Chicklets love talking about wrenches.
So, it's time
for a little wrench talk brought to you by our new
friends over at Trojan Condoms.
Sex. We all love it.
There is no denying it.
I mean,
you all know we're pretty open about our personal love lives.
I'm a single man still meeting girls and living my best life.
Just like I did when I was an NHL rookie.
Wit is all wifed up now,
but we all know back in his NHL days when Crosby was helping him cast
checks,
not a big deal.
He was running wild.
Our raise an experienced vet that lived through the sex
craze 70s god i don't want to imagine that fuck it even grinnell is out there getting his pecker
wet it's a big sexy world out there and damn it we at spit and chicklets embrace it we all have
done it and we don't plan on stopping anytime soon and you shouldn't either sex is the best
but when you're out there in the trenches getting
the deed done, we want you to all be safe. You never know when some rocket at the bar will want
to bring you back to your place and it's always important to be prepared. And that's why you
should always have a Trojan brand condom with you. STIs and unintended pregnancies are something we
all want to avoid and there's no other brand out there I would allow anywhere near my wrench
or trust like I do Trojan condoms.
I want you guys out there having a good time,
but I want you guys staying safe while you do it.
And no other brand out there would get my recommendation like Trojan condoms.
And again, teams just doing what they can to make cap room,
and Tampa Bay is another one.
They shipped JT Miller off to Vancouver for goalie Marek Mazanek,
a third rounder in the 2019 draft and a conditional first in the 2020 draft.
The condition on that first rounder is this.
If the Canucks do not make the playoffs next season,
the first round selection will be made in the 2021 draft.
Miller has three more years left at 5.25 million per.
Vancouver gets a solid top six guy, but given what other trade halls were,
this seems like Vancouver paid a pretty hefty price.
I think they did pay a hefty price.
He's a great player, though.
What's interesting is that this is how important Braden Point is,
and this is all to create room to re-sign him in the season.
You've seen what that guy's done the past couple of years.
Jesus Christ.
With Miller making, I think it's around five and couple years. Jesus Christ. And, you know, with Miller
making, I think it's around five and a half,
maybe five. Five and a quarter.
Sorry, five and a quarter. You understand
that guys like
that have to go. So as much as
an impact as he made when he did come over from the Rangers,
I think it's very similar to Nashville
in a sense. All right, we didn't get
over the hump. You know, we added PK.
We haven't been able to win the Stanley Cup.
We added JT Miller.
We had this horrific first-round loss to the Blue Jackets
after this regular season.
So along with freeing up room to sign one of your young future superstars,
really, point, I mean, the way he's played,
it also goes along with the line of, all right, well,
it didn't really work with him.
And it's not at all saying it was JT Miller's fault,
but it's looking to make changes and changes you're able to get done
because Vancouver was willing to give up a lot there.
And that shows how good Tampa's been with how well they've drafted
to be able to then trade away Miller and just get more back
to be able to continue to draft well and continue to retool on the fly
with guys not making a ton of money their first few years.
I think that it was too much of a price to pay for Vancouver.
I really don't see a reason why a team's bringing in
I would call him a David Perron type, a great piece on a good team
where he can pass from the third line up to maybe the first two lines
if there's injuries.
Can he sustain a top six role?
I don't know.
Maybe he'll thrive in Vancouver playing with some young talent.
I don't think a team like Vancouver should be giving up first-round draft picks.
I think that's fucking insane on their part,
especially considering you want to go through a little bit of a pain period here
the next two years in order to gain some more high-end assets,
which is higher first-round draft picks, and try to add a few more pieces.
One of their issues right now is they're trying to add a defenseman
or maybe even two.
There has been rumors that Tyson Berry will potentially be moved
over to Vancouver.
I'm also hearing that Joe Sackick doesn't want to move him just yet
because now Colorado's kind of got strength in the back end as well.
And, you know, I know JT Miller's put up, I think his most he's ever put up
is 60 points at the NHL level, if I'm served correctly.
Yeah, I think you're right.
But he also is the type of guy that does disappear for a five-game chunk here,
a six-game chunk there.
So I don't see a reason for them to to be just good
enough to squeak into playoffs and not win it and then receive a conditional draft pick the next
year if they were to even make playoffs in the first year where who knows this is not necessarily
that great of a team just yet in a strong in a strong league where that could end up being a
fucking top five pick yeah yeah i know it's also like i
know it's lottery protected it could even be backed up even farther correct like no nope nope
the condition is if the canucks don't make the playoffs this year the first round is in the 2021
draft it doesn't say anything about lottery protection on there so wow like you said biz
it's a huge risk because the canucks are in that zone right now they can go either way so if it
falls off the rails in the next 24 months that could be a fucking lottery pick that ends up so jt miller who plays hard also
had 13 goals in 75 games this year on the best team of all time in the regular season right it's
not like you're you know you're getting a 38 goal guy it's a little different i i just thought it
was too high of a price to pay uh so rumor has it the New York Islanders were offering up a first-rounder
for JT Miller because I think the New York Islanders are in a place
where they like paying guys who are going to put up  like Eberle deals.
Who loves paying guys like 5 million to 6 million?
Yeah, and it's kind of moneyball style where they're going to have five guys, six guys up front
that are making that type of money that are able to contribute
as long as they're going to buy into that system.
So the price was set as a first rounder.
Now my thought process is here, Vancouver,
you're not in a place where you can make a run for it yet.
You may squeak into playoffs next year.
Why not maybe try and flip them back to the New York
Islanders if they were the other team
trying to compete for
JT Miller and gain another
asset out of it. I thought a second
router would have been fair. I don't like
what Vancouver gave up to him. You
may be a Vancouver fan and disagree with me.
I hope you guys, after not
getting to the playoffs for a few years here and
going through some dark times, do have a great year,
and he brings what you guys needed to that lineup.
But not crazy about it, boys.
And the other player in that deal, Marek Mazanek,
he spent last season in the NHL, hasn't played in the NHL
since December of 2016, so maybe been a little bit
of an organizational throwing.
So I'll get everybody caught up on the trades,
and now we're going to move on to a few other stories right now.
This one was per Kaylee Chelios.
That's Chris Chelios' daughter.
She works for the Lightning.
She tweeted out,
Julian Breezebois stated today that forward Ryan Callahan
has been diagnosed with a degenerative back disease,
and it's recommended that he no longer play professional hockey.
After that, the Lightning did put him on long-term injury reserve, LTIR.
So while he's not officially retired,
his career is basically over for all intents and purposes.
But, you know, guys don't retire because they're not going to kiss that money goodbye.
What's your take here?
You played against Callahan right back in the day a little bit.
Yes, and what a career.
I mean, this guy was balls out on the ice.
He was nails.
I think everyone thinks of him as just blocking shots, huge hits,
taking a hit to make a play.
Also, yeah, I mean, adding some offense.
I mean, this is a guy, he get 22 goals one year, 23 two years later,
29 the year after that, 24 one of the years in Tampa.
This is our first full year in Tampa after he got traded
halfway through the 13-14 season from the Rangers. So to do what he did as a smaller guy, I mean,
he's in great shape, strong as an ox, but still not that big. A fourth round pick, 127th overall
after we talked to Sam and seeing the odds of a guy making it, not only making it, he not only
made it, he's been a it, he's been a captain,
he's been a true leader, an OHL guy, even though he's American.
Just an awesome person, too.
I mean, I loved spending time with him.
The times I got to hang with him and playing against him was a real bitch
because he was a competitor that never took a night off.
And you do hate to see somebody's career end like this.
I mean, not surprisingly, the way he played,
you've got to look to injuries being a factor.
I mean, he was a bowling ball out there, and he laid it all on the line.
I'm glad he made as much money as he did because he deserves it.
And still, it's going to be a great career, and I'm sure it's not easy, right?
This is how it comes to an end.
And you've seen him slow down a little bit in the past few years,
but just to hear that you do have a back issue like that,
you start thinking about your future and life after hockey.
So hopefully everything will be okay.
I assume as long as he's done playing physical, you know,
in the NHL with how physical it is, he should be good.
I hope that's the case.
But congrats to you, Callie, on a hell of a career.
Yeah, and I imagine he hops into maybe a coaching position
or something in management if he'd want to.
A lot of experience throughout all those playing years.
And just to piggyback what you said, Whit,
congratulations on an unbelievable career.
And I want to say he had an OHL championship as well
with the Guelph Storm.
Oh, you know what?
I'm looking right now.
They did play 22 playoff games one year,
so that's got to be at least going to the finals. He had
21 points in those 22 games.
Yeah, he played with a local kid
from Welland, Ontario, Dan Pye, who actually
won a cup as a
fourth liner. Oh, actually, he went to sushi
last night, and Pye got a stick
and a jersey hanging up in the sushi place.
He must have been a regular when he was at Bruin.
There you go. I hope he's doing all right.
Remember he took that awful concussion when he was playing over in Europe?
It was a super dirty hit, man.
One of the worst I've ever seen.
I hope he's doing all right because you hate to see a guy take a hit like that,
especially after he's already left the NHL.
Should be past all that shit.
But anyways, a couple more notes here for you.
Rather than see what unrestricted free agency would offer him,
Alexander Edler signed a two-year, 12 million deal
to stay where he's been his whole career, Vancouver.
The 0-4 draft pick said he didn't think too much about free agency
and wants to be a Canuck for his entire career,
so pretty much a no-brainer for him.
33-year-old D-man had 10 goals, 24 assists last year in 56 games.
Biz, what do you got for us on this one, man?
A nice little deal for Vancouver. Iouver i mean they're they're one
of those teams that's kind of up and coming right now they went through a you know a few years of
when their young guys kind of had to adapt and learn how to win at this level uh they got
vertanen they got hughes coming in of course we talked about that tyson berry potential trade
don't know if that's still going to happen but uh, I think it's a good guy to keep around for
a few years, especially in order to maybe take a little bit of pressure off Hughes and him adapting
to the NHL level. I know he came in at the end of last season, but you're riding the wave at that
point. You're running on pure adrenaline. Over the course of an 82-game season, you're going to have
to learn how to adjust and learn how to be a professional. So I think he's a great guy to have around that locker room
and a guy who's comfortable with Vancouver.
So not easy to find a solid defenseman around in free agency,
so why is it them to lock him back up?
Very good player.
I remember I've said this on this podcast before.
I remember at one point thinking he was going to be insane, though.
I mean, I remember early in Vancouver crushing guys,
scoring goals, dominating.
So maybe the team hasn't been that good over the past couple years.
But, yeah, I mean, he showed tons of promise,
and he's turned into a legit, very good NHL player.
I just remember at times early,
you thought you could be seeing an all-time great here.
Yeah, he's been very steady for them his whole career out in Vancouver.
And that's not a bad little ticket to get when you're 34 years old.
Six million dollars a year, not too shabby.
The Ducks made a couple of signings as well.
Ryan Miller re-upped for another year to back up John Gibson.
He's going to make 1.125 million to do that.
The 38-year-old goalie opted to sign before going on restricted free agency.
He was 8-7-2 last year with a 2-7-6 9-1-2 save percentage. He had one shutout and 20
games played. He's already the winningest U.S. Mongolian League
history with 378 wins, so he'll be looking to add to that. And the Ducks
also inked a couple of depth guys. Derek Grant, he was going to be unrestricted.
29-year-old center. They signed him for 700K. And defenseman
Corbinian Holzer, 31-year-old defenseman,
will make 850K this year.
Again, a little organizational depth for them.
And, Biz, this is big news in your end of the woods.
The Board of Governors approved Alex Maruello as the new majority owner
of the Arizona Coyotes during a meeting on Wednesday.
Bettman stressed that the team needs a new downtown rink
in order to have a future in Phoenix.
Maruella likes it there.
He wants to make it work there.
He's intent on putting an arena in downtown Phoenix.
He's going to try to make it happen.
That's what they need for long-term viability.
And it's not in Glendale.
You know that, Biz.
They need to get it downtown.
Yeah, no, I mean, hopefully he can come in and keep the team in Arizona.
I love living there.
I mean, the fans have come out in droves ever since they went on that win streak last year.
Even when I was there, we made our push to the conference finals.
If you have a winning pedigree, even though it was in Glendale,
people were coming out.
Just more incentive if they're able to come out and not have to drive as far.
It's unfortunate because it's such a beautiful rink out in Glendale.
Just location is what kills it all.
Apparently, the sale is supposed to go through in August.
And, yeah, like I said, I hope it stays in the Valley.
I think the fans deserve it, especially considering
this team's on the upswing and playing a lot better.
And, you know, there's a lot more prospects
in the organization.
And, you know, we got our coach in Rick Tockett and a lot of other things going well.
So, yeah, I don't really want to comment further on that
because I really don't know the ultimate details.
I'm just a fucking bagel boy around the Arizona parts.
So that's it.
All right.
Hey, have you ever seen this app StockXBiz?
No.
Is this a live ad read?
No.
It's like this app where you can get shoes.
Keith showed me it because I want these Jordan golf shoes you just can't get.
They were released like last year, but they're like, you just can't get them.
But they're on there.
So you can like buy or bid for shoes.
And I got one pair of Jordan golf shoes I could just buy.
But the one I really want, you have to bid on them.
I'm getting outbid.
Did you hear that correct?
I'm getting outbid.
I keep going up and up.
I got up to like 700, and this guy keeps going over.
I'm like, all right, well, the last pair on this site was sold for 300.
I can't keep going to 10,000
until I beat Riggs for the 10,000. Thank you.
Well, it might be the guy who's posted
the shoes. That's what I'm wondering.
These fucking, oh, dude, you got to see
these things. They're like gray
wolf white or I don't even
know, but I'm getting dummied
in a bidding war for golf shoes, and
it's driving me crazy. I didn't know if you'd ever
been on. That's your competitive if you'd ever been on that.
That's your competitive richness right there.
Yeah, exactly.
Don't fuck with me, man.
My bank account has plenty of zeros in there. Is that a free ad right there?
I'm getting them.
What?
Is that a free ad right there?
I guess it is.
Well, maybe now they'll send me the pair of fucking golf shoes,
but I didn't know if you'd actually used it,
because Keith uses it all the time.
You said stock X.
I thought it was gonna be like
stalking like your ex or something that's what i thought you were talking about for a minute
oh shit all right we're not all fucking weirdos like you buddy it's already doc i know jordan
trainer white wolf gray stg fucking dirty golf shoes set up um set up one of those accounts like
all the the strippers and porn stars do when all the fans buy them shit.
What is it called?
Wishlist.
Wishlist.
I believe it's called Wishlist.
You have some psycho fan buy them.
If somebody bought me anything, they'd have the biggest issues you've ever seen.
But I will say that, like, you know, if you're out there buying a porn star, like a bag she wants,
you're probably completely tapped to begin with.
Yeah, I'm all set with yeah that's that's
uh i'm all set with doing that stuff hey i got a couple quick notes on the gambling corner haven't
had one for a little bit obviously the season is over and there's not going to be much gambling
this summer i very seldom watch regular season baseball let alone bet on it so i won't be
doing too much action uh whitney how many majors are left in golf one or two we got two uh one left
only one only the british open british right yeah that's that's pretty much all a bet but i i gotta Now, Whitney, how many majors are left in golf? One or two? We got two. One left. Only one. Only the British Open.
British, right.
Yeah, that's pretty much all I'll bet.
But I got to say, man, I mean, it's all documented.
I want a ridiculous heater from, like I said, the Edelman MVP,
and I really didn't slow down.
I collected cabs this week, dude.
I'll give you a guess how much I raked in after my season end total.
This is after NHL, NF, everything.
Not NFL. NFL I cashed out. This was from NHL, NFL, not NFL. NFL I
cashed out. This was from after the
Super Bowl till now. So mostly
hockey, but some NBA in there as well.
I'm going to say you were around
18K.
Close.
Actually, I cashed about 20 earlier, and I
cashed another 16 this time. Yeah, because
you were hot. I was riding you,
and it was the only time I won.
I'm not a big math guy. What was the total?
36 grand? Well, I collected
16 this week. I probably collected about
25 earlier in the year. So yeah, I'd say from
February, March, April, I went on about a
40 or 50k heater.
So I have to admit to something
that
the person listening right now
doesn't even know. I got a buddy at a local watering hole.
I like to have some beers at the fours.
Great spot.
Just a great spot.
And so, you know, we became buddies with the bartender,
and he calls me or texts me when the Blues and Jets were 2-2 in the first round.
And he's like, hey, man, any chance you could get in a bet for me?
Pretty good-sized bet on the Blues to win the Cup.
So I checked my site, and I was like, yeah, well, if you put down 1,000,
it would pay you 5,800.
And then so he's like, all right, well, this is what I want.
And so instead of me putting it in into my bookie, I took the action.
I was like, the Blues aren't winning the Cup.
So I don't even know if you know that the money I paid you the other fucking day,
that was my money.
You beat me.
How much?
Like 11,800?
It ended up being a decent amount.
I'll say this, though.
The kid got me a bottle of Caymus, so shout out to that.
At least you can minus whatever the special selection Caymus cost,
probably about 180 from the total I gave him. But talk about a time you just try taking action instead of giving it in where you should give it in and you get dummied. So that was me.
Never done that once in my life. Yeah, I'll do it again. That's the sick thing. It'll happen.
This will happen to me again. I'll be telling the same goddamn story on this podcast two years from
now. So congrats to the Blues once again, and congrats to you.
I'm not going to name you.
That's a tough hit, man, when you sit
on one. I sat on some Bruins action.
I was fucking 10-1 action,
but obviously it didn't come through.
And whatever. It's a little bit of a risk. It would have
been nice if it cashed for you, but
I've done that once.
Alright, boys. I think that
all wraps it up. Thanks always for listening.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love
