Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. let's go hello everybody welcome to episode 194 of spitting chiclets presented by new amsterdam
vodka it's a hot steamy summer once again here in new england i want to check on the boys see
what they're doing how they're staying cool let's go to fucking biz nasty first mix it up a little bit paul what's going on
where are you today well i've been traveling a little bit i went to minnesota i'll be i'll be
talking talking about that show jesus christ i'm already fucking slurring my words here good start
biz way to go met dash one first shift um what's having a good chuckle there i've been traveling a
lot i went to minnesota then went from minnesota to vancouver i had a good friend's wedding which um i got asked to mc a little bit
we'll get into that too uh and then just doing a little bit of business the last few days uh
cutting the the intros and the outros to that content we got out west or sorry excuse me out
east road warriors with terry ryan and terry ryan senior is coming
very soon brought to you by uh roman dick these dick things that you you wipe on your dick
and they help you last longer in bed fuck i'm like counting in my head and like switching
positions every two seconds so i don't come too fast unless of course you're thinking of like
your old math teacher mr Mr. Smith. What?
Excuse me?
I could just picture you just trying to just think of something that would just make you not hard and probably be like an old gross teacher.
I mean, I think of maybe counting in my head
or slowing down the thrust count before maybe Mr. Smith, my math teacher.
But my math teacher was mr caranza he's the
guy who passed me when i got three percent on my uh my math exam but uh yeah so i've been traveling
i'll get in a few other things let's uh finish those intros up all right next up our producer
mikey granelli what's going on buddy looks like your homestead behind you there what's up boys uh
finally moving out of this rat infestedested apartment. What do you know?
My worst nightmare comes true.
There's now rats at Barstool headquarters,
so I just can't escape these rats.
It's a nightmare.
There is?
They're a brand-new place that they just built?
Dude, the biggest rat I've ever seen running through,
and it was jumping up at people.
It jumped like six inches off the ground attacking someone.
They're feisty rats.
I can't do it.
They're going to have that Billichick gif where he,
where he like sees the rat jump and he's got the vertical,
you know,
just like every time when they have like an animal do something crazy or,
or anyone do something crazy.
And they put the Billichick gif with him,
like grabbing the binoculars as he's a spin.
He's going to drown him or some popcorn too,
or something.
Well,
put something down to get the binoculars.
Or they got Nick Saban.
Nick Saban has entered the chat.
So he's going to recruit him.
So anyway, I kind of went off there.
That whole island is infested with rats, and they have ballsy rats as well.
Last but not least, Whit Dog, Orion Whitney, what's going on, buddy?
Not much.
Another big golf tournament this week coming up.
Also, it feels like we haven't talked in like a year.
We haven't.
Isn't it crazy how it's only a week or so,
and it feels like fucking months that we don't talk.
Friday, I was like, holy shit, I'm not talking to them for another three days.
So, yeah, nice to catch up with you guys.
Pleasure to be here.
I got something to ask Whit to hop off this episode.
We actually have a little.
Yeah.
All right.
Go ahead, Buzz.
Yeah.
Before we get into the hockey talk, you made a comment.
I think we were in LA and you said that you've never hit the snooze button.
When your alarm goes off, you're up, which is the most insane thing I've ever heard because
I hit the snooze button like 20 times every morning.
Never.
Never have. never will.
But like, mind you, there was like once every, I don't know,
a couple months, my dad would just rip me out of bed.
I think he'd wake up in a bad mood and just see stuff he wanted me
and my brothers to do.
So we'd get like the sheet treatment, we called it,
and he'd come bombing up the stairs and you'd get woken up by him
like ripping you out of bed and be like, get your clothes on,
get outside those.
Oh, shit.
So I think I was always on edge waking up a little bit.
That was kind of my thing.
And then to tell you the truth, I can never like go back to sleep unless I know I have like an hour, maybe 40 minutes.
But I got no joy out of pressing the snooze button.
Just in my head, I know you have like eight minutes.
Like, dude, the minute you fall, you feel good again.
The thing's going off.
It's like I need to wake up at four when I'm getting up at seven
and see, oh, three more hours.
How are you?
RA, have you ever gotten the sheet treatment?
Is that what they called it?
Yeah, I think me and my brother is the only two that I've ever called
the sheet treatment when you get ripped out of bed by your father when he's
wearing shirts.
No, no.
Of course, I grew up in a different situation.
My parents were divorced young, so my dad never gave us the sheet treatment.
We only stayed with him like once a week until I fucking moved in with him
during my teen years.
But even my mother, who was the strict one, she was the bad cop.
I never even got the sheet treatment.
I mean, I fucking sleep till noon, one in the afternoon.
I can't believe that. Yeah. I can't say I did. What about you biz?
When you told me the story about how,
when you guys were doing one episode a week and this is before I joined the
show and you and Grinnelly had driven into downtown Boston and you guys were
knocking on his door at what? 11 in the in the almost afternoon that was that
was a little yeah that was still we've talked about this but that was he was at least working
nights then i mean okay fair enough so like if that happened now i'd be like dude enough yeah
i had a viable excuse i was i was working nights back then and that only happened once we already
beat that fucking horse to death another serious conversation we need to have is one going on online.
And a lot of people are upset at the fact that people are circumcising their children.
They're calling it human mutilation.
And I mean, I'm going to be proud.
Open up the conversation.
Who wants to hop in first?
I'm not saying shit about that,
but I'm glad I don't have a covered wagon like you,
so anyone who's mad about it can come speak to me.
I'm proud of my fucking non-skinny dick like biz or extra skin.
Well, they're saying that they might be causing mental damage to the kid
because you're kind of like just going at the guy's horn
when he just got out of the womb.
I mean, some of which, if you're Jewish.
I don't remember it.
Well, of course.
I mean, that's the side that I would be on where, I mean,
that's a kid, whatever.
He just cries it off.
Back in the day, the reason they used to cut it off was because,
you know, infection and disease and the fact that you wouldn't shower
every day or at least have access to it and clean water.
How do you feel about this, R.A.? that people are trying to make a stand for it yeah because they're the people the guys who go
around and protest you know circumcision they have like the bloody pants on right they have like a
blood stain with their pants off that's the picture i'm sending you yeah because i want my foreskin
back penis cutting is a sex crime and this guy's got this all-white outfit on,
but he'd be putting red paint around his junk area.
So I forgot to send it to Grinnelli.
I hope you guys get this picture soon.
Yeah, you want that to go on the Spittin' Chicklets Instagram account?
Might have to go on the memes account.
But how funny is that?
Like this guy's standing in broad daylight with these two signs
and his wagon just covered in red paint.
Yeah, that crew, they've been around for a few years.
I've seen those pictures on the internet for a few years now.
Yeah, I'm not sure that's the way to get people on your side
walking around with a big bloodstain on your peck.
I don't know if that's going to win.
And I'm kind of on the side of them.
I don't want guys' foreskin getting chopped off. And the reason I say that is I don't want to be side of them. I don't want guys foreskin getting chopped off,
and the reason I say that is I don't want to be a weirdo
because I don't want girls being like, oh, my God, what's that?
That's the first time I've seen a guy with foreskin.
You want to be back to a part of the norm.
Isn't that crazy?
I've been with girls mid-30s, and they're like, that's the first time.
I have no clue, I bet.
First time I've seen a covered wagon, and I'm like, oh, shit.
How do you feel about it?
And they're like, oh.
Put in the wrong phone number.
Hold on.
Let me put down this phone where I'm using my Uber app.
Biz, who was that girl dancing on the table on your Instagram the other night?
That was a wild wedding, huh?
My friend, Tori.
Yeah, it was a wild wedding.
We have a lot of firecrackers in our group.
Char would be one of them.
I mean, some of my buddies who listen would definitely say Char.
Jackie the alien who's out of her goddamn mind.
Her boyfriend gets belly button lint hair, and she, like, picks it out of it.
And she calls it Scleeny.
She calls them Scleeny.
They got this, like, weird little thing going on.
But anyway.
I thought that was fucking ecstasy or something when she pulled that out that was lint that was lint and she put it on
her tongue because i was like oh my must be molly or something i know some people message me saying
they're gonna puke but uh crazy wedding i said i had to get up and do the introductions and kind of
be the mc for at least half i would say 50 of the wedding right because the the opening is is the
biggest part of the act and then it the opening is is the biggest part of
the act and then it's all the family speeches but boys i was fucking nervous that's not my thing
getting up there and and trying to make people laugh because you had the older crowd and then
we had all our crazy friends so i'm just playing right into the crazy friends right and all their
tables are at the back so i'm getting all that negative energy at the front where i'm dropping
you know sexual jokes because that's, you know, sexual jokes.
Cause that's just,
you know,
I mean,
you got me to MC the wedding.
I got to stick to what I know.
I can't just all of a sudden embrace a new type of personality or sense of
humor.
I'm pretty sure they don't mind the sex talk when there's people at the
wedding,
eating each other's belly button lint.
Well,
that was at the after hours.
In that case,
in that case,
these buddies who grew up with biz, we'll that case. Are these buddies you grew up with, Biz?
Say that again?
Like buddies you grew up with?
No, these are my Vancouver friends.
I met them later in my party years.
Now, I wouldn't really say I'm still in my party years.
This would be when we would be going out every weekend.
Imagine his party years, folks.
He's not in them right now.
Can everyone fucking imagine those years?
No word of a lie.
I would say my third or fourth summer in the NHL, I was still living well.
And at the time, I was out of town three out of four weekends of the month
going Friday, Saturday, Sunday really hard.
Or sometimes even four days.
And my body just deteriorated.
I would say a big reason why I didn't last at least another couple of years
in the NHL were because of my off-ice habits.
But, hey, I had a fucking blast and it was a good time.
But, yeah, no.
But have you ever had to be an emcee at a wedding?
So I've done  well, all right, I should have.
Well, I don't even  I don't really know.
I think emceeing a wedding is a Canadian thing, right i should have well i don't even i don't really know i think mc
a wedding's a canadian thing i'm i'm guessing because i don't yeah like you say mc the wedding
would you are you announcing the whole bridal pot body and all that stuff yeah well me and me and
another guy we kind of like you know started everything off and then we had to do the intros
so there was i think 12 people uh four six and six sick math uh bridesmen and
groomsmen so i did the best man speech i did did two of them one though was for my brother so it's
with my other brother so we did it together and then the other one was with a guy but he did his
own then i did mine we were like joint best men falls was actually the other one dude fucking
foley no pranks that night, though.
Okay, so here's the thing.
Did you go after Foley, and did Foley kill it?
I don't remember who went first.
We both did well.
The only reason I bring this up is because I was so nervous.
I'm talking ruined the whole day.
I was like, so everyone, like, you know,
all the fellows in the wedding are meeting for, like, beers early, getting dressed in the suite, whatever. And I'm like, can't enjoy it. I'm slugging drinks, but it's still like this pit in your stomach. And then the, the minute it ends, it's just like, oh, dude, I took a mushroom pill. I went and smoked a joint. I started cranking the alcohol. It was my turn to party. I feel like I'd missed the whole day.
Exactly.
And the other one, the joint one with my brother,
it was like if one of us fail, we both fail.
Whereas Foles, Foles could have crushed it and I could have sucked,
but we both did good.
Yeah.
Down here, Biz, the DJ usually does the intros,
like the maid of honor and the whole bridal party,
and then the best man will give a speech.
And then like the last few years, you've definitely seen like more maids of honor giving speeches.
I'd say 20 to 25 years ago, no woman spoke at a wedding, but that's definitely gotten
part of the last decade.
Yeah, and no joke, worse.
If you listen to 100 bridesmaids speech, 99 of them are the worst things you've ever heard.
Yeah, not to sound fucking sexist, but they're not.
I agree with you.
They stink.
They generally not good.
That is staying in there.
R.A. knows what I'm talking about.
Girls, keep it short and sweet.
You guys just be, I don't know.
Look at Mikey's face right now.
He's like, oh, God.
He's not even listening.
No, I agree 1,000 with Whit.
They're terrible.
Oh, okay.
Funny story. At my terrible. Oh, okay.
Funny story.
At my sister's wedding, one of her bridesmaids got drunk as a skunk,
ended up going up on the mic four separate times.
That's when you're like, give her the hook.
Somebody get granny.
Get the fuzzy bed came.
It was bad, right?
So I hate talking up there, as I mentioned, that I get asked that fucking MC a wedding. I,
I went up there to make it short and sweet,
but it was perfect because she was taking all the attention and she was kind
of, it was, it was awkward as shit.
So I teed it up with a joke about how there was no alcohol left at the bar
because Shannon had drank it all. So everyone just erupted. Right.
So boom, now fucking pressure's off.
And I say something short and sweet about how how happy
i was at paul my sister's boy uh husband now his name paul that's yeah i know it's a little weird
anyway do have we already had this discussion but the fact that she you know she's probably
yelling out her brother's name while they're having sex is that i mean that discussion has
and is it weird that she's dated two pauls in her life and married the one so she's dated two Pauls in her life and married. She's dated two along this time.
Anyway, that's a side story.
That's a story for another day.
Where was I?
You just crushed the first line in that
speech about her taking all the booze.
As soon as I crushed
that line, she gets up out of her chair and tries
to storm the stage.
My aunt.
Bill, check with the gif gift meme there hey the gift with the
binoculars a little tackle stuck the hip out yeah she just she went up and in quick feet grabbed
her she's like go back and sit down you've had enough mic time for the night but uh yeah not not
it wasn't the best showing so i would say based on your comment yeah the averages aren't there
maybe not i would 99
that's a little rough yeah i've been to 100 weddings in 99 liberal rights yeah very a lot
of cringing biz biz did you guys not knock on your house when you were kids between your mother
catching you jo and a couple of times you walk in and your sister getting railed like did you guys
no he said paul he didn't watch her get thumped, you nut. We didn't believe in locks.
We didn't believe in circumcision and locks in my household.
Those are the big no-nos.
We might have a lot of new followers or a lot of new listeners since last time I told that story.
So very quickly, this is when Paul, my sister's husband and her, were probably two years into dating.
And he'd come and spent the weekend weekend and we were doing a Sunday brunch.
I had my own place.
So I came over for brunch.
So at like 1030, my mom's like, hey, brunch is ready.
Go upstairs and get your sister.
So I go upstairs.
The door's closed.
I knock on it and she's like, yeah, like international sign for.
Yeah, come on in.
Like nothing, nothing, nothing.
Not no, no, not now so i opened the
door to be like hey brunch is ready and and and paul is just going to town missionary style on
natalie and she's oh i didn't even know this what do you mean all right he was wrong you actually
did walk in on your sister getting thumped yeah missionary and all i see was her face thank god thank fucking god the covers were
over like his his waist right so i'm not seeing anything other than than him turn around being
like oh and then and her being like no get out and and and i i remember shutting the door quick
and being like i'm like why did you say yeah why did you say yeah like what the fuck like you say no no and and it was it was a scarring moment
in my life maybe oh yeah oh yeah you yelled fuck me oh god no she was just like yes paul and you're
like okay i actually don't i actually don't i mean i must have been banged up the episode you told
that i didn't even remember that. That's unbelievable.
Wow.
Yeah, I mean, I ate brunch, and I couldn't even stick around the house.
I mean, whatever.
It's an accident.
I mean, it's funny because they don't mind that I talk about
and tell these funny stories.
I wonder if my mom would ever come on here and talk about it all the time.
She caught me jaying off.
Like then that one time, his foreskin was extra stretched out oh you ever pull a sunny coleone
biz get laid during a wedding i don't know if i've ever done that no i don't think so
and i actually meant to ask you my buddy texted me out of nowhere and said hey do those dhm detox
pills work i was like fuck yeah they work are you crazy why though and he said i
just watched bisonette's instagram story he said he had 25 30 drinks at the wedding yeah i was
well i told you i had to play catch up so after i was done my speech i did that but yeah they do i
had a guy i gave a few out at the wedding and then one of the guys texted me he goes i don't know
what those pills were you gave me but i was cranking drinks last night i actually woke up feeling pretty decent so there's a quick little plug no free ads
uh what else is there oh you mentioned something else ra about pills uh you were questioning my
my uh mushroom pills yeah yeah what's that all about i don't know who around here and obviously
i shouldn't say names anyway they created these these things called Scooby snacks where they kind of micro dose
and they put it inside of a pill with,
with like echinacea and other things that can maybe enhance the high of,
of doing small doses of mushrooms.
So we have like a big,
a big group of people and a lot of them,
they just,
they make you happy.
We go out and some of them don't even drink and they just take those things
and they just have like a happier time.
But yeah, so those have became popular around the area they're like two bucks a pop next time you're
in boston bring them on talking about like 0.3 0.4 grams of mushrooms so nothing crazy crazy but
uh they're they're definitely a good time so i took a couple of those and and i was bouncing
off the walls yeah i've heard a lot about. The microdosing with silos even lately and people with depression swear by it.
They say it helps them out because you don't take enough to trip and like
hallucinate. Like, you know, when you eat an eighth of college,
it's just enough to like kind of give you a little happiness. Like you said,
I completely agree. And I know some days I have my good days and bad days.
A lot of it has to do with probably the concussions I've stained over my
career. I find when I take them before bed, because sometimes I get them down in the States.
They got a different guy who's got some down there.
I think they're becoming popular in North America where other people are doing them.
But I'll do them before bed and I'll wake up better than on days that I don't do it.
It's just it's harder to get them down there.
We haven't mentioned that guest yet, Biz,
one of your interviews with Tyson Nash, your buddy out in Arizona.
This is a good one, right?
Awesome.
We're not going to it yet, but I just want to let the folks know.
Yeah, yeah.
He's got great stories.
I hope you guys enjoy it.
I know some of you, like when all of us do the interviews,
it's just that I had a chance to get a bunch of guys live,
and I usually feel like it's better free-flowing when we do them live.
And it doesn't hurt to get Whit
a little bit of rest. He's got a kid and stuff
and then R.A. you're in Boston.
Yeah and also
I think that some people maybe miss
all of us but some people love the Biz
Rogan and shout out to memes because
that Biz Rogan face
was that
I kept looking at it and I was like which
one is it?
So we had a d who runs the Spittin' Chicklets memes account into Barstool headquarters.
His name's d.
He's from Canada, right?
He's from London, Ontario.
Brought up the London Knights.
Yeah, we'll beep his name out because we want him to be very secretive.
He's the Wizard of Oz. He's the Wizard of Oz.
He's the Wizard of Oz, but he mentioned the London Knights
no less than 75 times in a 24-hour span.
So big London Knights fan.
He's a great kid and unbelievable accent.
I wonder what they're paying him to say that.
He's a pay-to-play guy.
Hey, did you see Phil Kessel's last week?
I think Cridley might have blogged that his house was on sale and they had all the pictures from his house.
Did you catch that with the fucking his theater had home theater had one fucking chair in it.
I don't even I I was laughing so hard.
Like right when it came out that that was pretty much the definition of going viral, by the way.
Right. I mean, that was everywhere all of a sudden.
And it was so funny, but he's married, right?
Do you know?
I don't know if Castle's married or not,
or if he's got a longtime girlfriend or wife.
I mean, I guess it doesn't even
well, no, it does matter because I was like,
how is there not just like a two-seater?
I was going to say, I don't know if he's married,
but if he is, she can't be happy about that picture
or that situation downstairs.
Well, he just must love watching movies alone.
He's like, hey, no chance anyone else is sitting with me,
so I'll set this up so I have my own theater,
and nobody wants to sit on the floor,
and you ain't bringing a beanbag down here,
so if you want to watch, you can stand over there, but but i'm sitting so he's a dictator in his own house i can't say i
blame him with fucking current modern uh theater audiences the way they fucking behave i wouldn't
i'd rather sit there by myself too that thing's like a six foot screen too that's awesome and
then you see he had the mariah carey the movie glitter that movie right carry he had that on
the wall but it was signed, personalized to Phil.
Like, thanks for watching my movie or something like that.
The fucking Glitter poster on the wall.
Hey, what if that's his jerk-off station?
And he actually doesn't watch real movies there.
That's just his spot to go downstairs and just tee off on himself.
Dude, that actually makes a lot of sense.
Well, I mean, yeah.
You think?
One chair?
Yes.
That's where my brain was lacking.
He's probably cranking it down there.
Dude, that's life-size porn on that screen, too.
The woman will be like six foot tall.
He's got 3D goggles on.
Speaking of movies, have you guys seen the new Tarantino flick yet,
Once Upon a Time in America?
No, how is it?
I had seen it.
You saw it, Mikey?
Yeah, I saw it last night.
It was unbelievable.
But, Ari, can I just say, you did just mention theater etiquette.
The worst theater etiquette I've ever seen last night in the theater.
People were clapping like mid-movie.
It was horrible.
What?
There was an argument.
There was an argument over seats.
So halfway through the show, some guy showed up.
And the whole theater they
stopped everything like the guy comes in with his flashlight makes everyone in the row get up and
show their ticket when you say stop everything they paused the movie oh paused everything paused
everything holy this was a fucking nightmare and i looked at the person i was with i was like this
is why i don't come to movies i'm never coming back uh no word of a lie the last cinema uh i've
went to was when i went and saw wolf of ross wolf of wall street excuse me and and the next time i
go is going to be the one to watch this one so only leo movies by the way me and leo are eskimo
brothers so we know who are you can you say i'm not saying a name but go ahead so what did you
i'm sorry what did you say you saw it i couldn't i didn't tell what did you do i did not like it that much you didn't huh no i was i was bored as
shit the whole time i don't know like the end was like funny and like i i don't know it was
just long and the and for most of it i was just, I guess it's kind of cool storyline.
And definitely the acting was solid.
I just didn't, I mean, I love, what's the movie by him I love?
Django Unchained.
Huge fan of that one.
Reservoir Dogs, huge fan.
I love a lot of his movies. I don't like some of them, and this is kind of one of them.
I don't know what it was.
I loved it.
I thought it was excellent.
I actually saw it twice.
I haven't seen a bad...
I haven't seen somebody dislike it besides myself.
Yeah, I saw it the day it came
out, and actually the crowd wasn't that bad for opening
day, and then I was like, I gotta see
it again. Not that I missed anything, I just wanted
to kind of form a better opinion, and I
saw it again today, and I thought it was excellent.
The acting was phenomenal. I thought Leo and Brad,
they were probably two of the better performances in their career. I definitely put them way up there. And Tarant i thought it was excellent the acting was phenomenal i thought leo and brad that were probably two of their better performances in their career i definitely put them way up wow
and tarantino it was just no it wasn't when you watch what did you like about it i just like the
characters the there wasn't obviously a huge story it was just these two buddies really that was like
the the main part of the movie and then obviously until it gets to the to the last like night of the
movie everybody knows what night i'm talking about if you know what the movie is but uh yeah it was basically almost like a buddy movie like these two guys they're they're sort of at the last night of the movie. Everybody knows what night I'm talking about if you know what the movie is. But, yeah, it was basically almost like a buddy movie.
These two guys, they're sort of at the crossroads of their career.
Leo's struggling to get work.
Brad Pitt's a stunt double who really can't get any work.
And they're just kind of palling along.
I mean, I looked at my watch.
It was two hours into it.
Hey, it flew by.
But, you know, like I say, I wasn't crazy about The Hateful Eight.
A lot of people like that movie, too.
So I guess, you know, whatever floats your boat.
It was really funny some of the scenes when Leo, like, was realizing that his career was kind of
I'm not giving away the movie.
Like, he's a struggle.
He's coming to the end, as you just said.
It's based on a true story, is it not?
No.
No, it's one of these Tarantino movies where he puts a fictional story into a real-life setting.
Like the late 1969 Hollywood, there were real people in it, but where he puts a fictional story into a real-life setting, like the late 1969 Hollywood.
There were real people in it, but it's not a real story, no.
Okay, so that's why I kind of caught wind of that chatter.
That's crazy that you said that it's both of one of their best roles.
I thought so, and I'm not like a Leo Stan.
I know a lot of younger guys love him no matter what he does.
I respect him as an actor.
I really thought this was one of his probably top three or four performances,
I thought, no doubt about it.
Okay.
I'm interested to hear people's opinions online because they're probably going
to comment on how the movie was.
I'm going to judge for myself.
I'm going to have to go this week when I have a little time off.
And, Mikey, I'm going to hope I don't experience the movies like you did.
Yeah, that was a nightmare.
So between the rat and then dealing with that, you've had a tough week.
Yeah, but I did sign a lease with that handsome son of a bitch,
Ruri Janda, national championship at Denver.
So I think things are looking up for me.
So you're not getting another kill.
Another thing I should say about movies,
that's why I only go to this place, Superlux.
Big-ass chairs that recline. You get
a waitress. You get
alcohol. Food's all
phenomenal. Popcorn. They bring it to
whenever you want. You press a button. Somebody comes
over. Why am I shocked?
That's how I do movies now.
Chestnut Hill. They should fucking chuck me a gift
certificate for throwing them this bone.
Super Lux. That's how you go to the movies.
Why am I not shocked?
That's how you go watch a movie.
It's like you're sitting in those.
They give you a blanket.
I'm like, is this blanket been washed?
So he's like, yes, it's inside the plastic.
Check it out.
You go all the way to Chestnut Hill to go to the movies.
Everyone says that from Milton.
It's 22 minutes.
I guess this thing seems father.
And listen, did you just did you hear how I just said I watch it?
I mean, you can't do that at Randolph.
It seems like there's more theaters than there used to be like that,
like the whole stadium scene.
There's definitely a lot more than there were a few years ago.
But I know what you mean.
You like to get a little pampered when you're sitting there.
All right.
Go by yourself.
No, actually, I went with my old lady.
She went both times with me.
I was kind of surprised because she usually doesn't go to the movies with me much, but I guess she wanted to see it.
Oh, you're the celebrity in the household now. Of course she wants to hang out with you.
But I do usually go by myself. I'm a big movies by myself. Guys, before we go any further,
I want to talk to you for a sec about Roman swipes. We were talking about it. Biz. Most
guys try different ways to last longer thinking about your math teacher's name or how many goals Wayne Gretzky had in the 80s,
all that stuff, man.
It doesn't work.
The folks at Roman, though, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting, but don't require a prescription.
And Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
Swipes are great.
They will not transfer to your partner, so you can last longer without worrying.
And they're super easy to use.
Just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry, and you're good to go.
That's it.
When you go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets, you can get your first month of swipes for just 5.
When you choose a monthly plan, if you use the link,
get roman.com slash chicklets, get roman.com slash chicklets.
Well, what the, didn't you have a, one of the golf course,
with some old ladies getting offended.
All right. I wrote this down right away and I texted you guys to remind me.
So I got to play Sankity Head Golf Club on Nantucket.
What a track.
I mean, I told you guys last time we talked, I was really fired up.
And the rain.
Oh, the rain.
So they're water spouts, it turns out.
I was calling them water sprouts and got no less than 500 tweets just killing me.
I was getting.
Right.
But right after the episode, you'd corrected yourself,
and you said, Mikey, I was going to ask you to take it out,
but let's see how many people torture me online about it.
And you were right.
You got smoked.
I was getting tagged in a lot of them too.
So it was water spouts, not water sprouts.
Yeah, either way, they were popping up all over that piece.
So I still got out there, though, and it turned out we didn't get a drop of rain. Temperature is beautiful, they were popping up all over that piece. So I still got out there,
though, and it turned out we didn't get a drop of rain. Temperature is beautiful, but it was
blowing. It was blowing 25 miles an hour. It's right on the ocean. So that's a tough course,
right? Well, not only do we find out that it's blowing 25, 30 miles an hour as we get up to that
end of the island, it's the non-prevailing wind. For non-golf folks out there, the prevailing wind,
the golf course is built basically the way that the prevailing wind usually goes.
The wind that usually blows, say it's north to south,
they'll make long par fours that are usually downwind.
They'll make short par fours that are usually into the wind.
If the prevailing wind.
Wow, very interesting.
This is nice.
So what happens this day?
We show up, Catty says to me, I'm on your bag today.
Great kid.
Great kid.
He says to me, he's on my back.
He sees me hitting on the range.
I'm striping it on the range.
Best range session I've ever had.
It was like I was absolutely, I was hitting driver out of the range,
just smoking Pro V1s into the fucking bushes of Nantucket.
The kid comes up to me.
He's like, hey, it's going to be awesome uh but it's the non-prevailing wind this place is gonna play six shots harder that's what
he said now mind you we get out there on the 11th hole we're halfway through the round he says it's
playing 10 shots harder by the way it's not six it's playing 10 shots harder he's 18 years old
great kid nolan i think he loves the podcast i gotta remember i gotta get that so i shot 76
yeah play is playing 10 shots harder they're telling me i striped it it was a great round i
made a double two i mean i'm piercing balls through the wind they're going right at the pin
making a couple pots played phenomenal it was a great round of golf kind of like the last round
at the open which is the british Open for you non-golfers.
Recently, they had a really tough last round
where the weather was insane.
They had rain.
I mean, yeah, we didn't have any rain, but we had wind.
We had British Open Championship
for whoever that dickhead was who charred me, wind.
So we kind of talked about it a little bit last week
as far as the weather standpoint.
So you could be teeing off in the morning
when the weather could be shit
at the last round of the PGA event where it's just windy and there's hail and it's raining
well maybe not hail that's a bad example but then the course is playing 10 shots harder and then
four hours later when the other guys are teeing off it could be perfect conditions yep luck of
the draw in golf that's what's so crazy about it too yeah you get you know you get the afternoon
morning tea time thursday, Friday in a tournament,
and it's rain both times, and it so happens the other parts of the day are great.
Suck on that.
That's your loss.
So the reason I really brought up this story besides pumping my own tires
is that we had to start on 10.
I think it was 10.
No, we started on 16.
I'm sorry, like right next to the putting green.
We started on 16 because they shotgunned everyone out there.
There'd been a tournament long story.
They wanted to get groups out there.
Great way to do it actually.
So we come around and we're on the ninth hole.
So what would that be?
We'd only,
you know,
we only have about six holes left.
Well,
the ninth hole is this like short par four that the greens right up next to
the clubhouse.
And anyone who's walking from the front of the clubhouse to back where the putting green and the 10th and the
first T are, they're walking right by this green. My buddy hits a, we both actually drive the ball
up near the green. It's like 300 dead downwind, might even 280 dead downwind. So you can drive
it up there. But he goes in the bunker. All right. But no problem. He's got a ton of green to work with.
He's a good player. My boy Donnie, the billionaire,
he's been brought up. And he's
in the bunker up and down for birdie. No problem.
Well, this guy hits this beautiful
bunker shot. Beautiful.
Lands at about eight feet on the green,
but it starts running and it's downwind.
It's a crosswind, right? So this thing's
running, running, running. I'm like, oh my
God, it's going to be good. Oh my God, it's not slowing down.'s not slowing down oh my god poor donnie actually fuck you you're not even on my
team and it rolls and it rolls into the rough and now he's like short-sighted so it rolled by the
pin and then there's like four feet of green it rolls in the rough and just settles down
just a horrific break and in just a bad turn a bad turn for this kid on a big hole.
What does he do? This is a classy
individual, but it was a key moment
in the match and it's a great shot that he gets
fucked on, like we talk about in golf.
That's what happens. He turns around
and goes, motherfucker!
This is
a beautiful country golf
club with a lot of people
who are members that have a ton of money.
What does he see?
An 84-year-old woman staring at him with her golf attire on.
She's got her putter.
She's going to putt a couple.
She's staring at him and just shaking her head in disgust.
So this kid didn't even have a clue.
He's just, motherfucker.
And I think he whacked the rake, too.
I think he whacked the rake with his club so he just immediately went over to the member i'm not
even gonna say the member who brought us he's the man by the way but i want to get him in trouble
he goes up he's doing i'm so sorry he's like oh don't worry about it man but yeah i saw her
totally just stink eye you after you screamed an mf right in her face so that was that was really
funny and the other funny thing that that Donnie reminded me of was a night
I totally had no recollection of this.
But as he told me the story, I started to remember it.
This is about, I'm going to say 2008, maybe, maybe seven.
It's a long time ago.
Donnie and my other buddy, you know, everyone knows our buddy,
Ned Haver.
He's been a guest of the show.
They come over. I think we had one more withver. He's been a guest of the show. They come over.
I think we had one more with us.
And we had a day at the pool.
The old place I lived at had a pool.
And it was a beautiful spot.
Paris Landing in Charlestown.
Great little area right outside.
I mean, Ari knows what I'm talking.
I'm not going to say it's downtown Boston, though.
You know what I mean?
Right outside downtown, it seems like to me is Paris Landing.
Yeah.
Well, there's a pool,
great setup in the summer. So we have a day for ourselves. Now everyone knows how pale I am and
everyone knows the fake tanning story with the gets left bullshit. And they know that I want to
be tan, but it just doesn't happen. But this day I'm like, let's get some color, see how it goes.
So we're out there all day drinking. And finally, I'm like, all right, time to go inside. I'm
feeling like crisp, but not too bad. I was like, I think, time to go inside. I'm feeling like crisp,
but not too bad. I was like, I think I got some good sun today. Well, we go inside, and it's 5,
6 o'clock, and we're not going to go out until 9.30, and we're hanging out, and as the night's going on, I'm getting hotter and hotter, and I'm looking in the mirror, and I think I kind of look
good, but I'm like a little red, and I'm saying to my buddies, like, Hey, are you guys, are you guys looking at me? Like I'm real sunburned. No, no, you got a little color, but
you don't look sunburned. It's not red. An hour goes by and ask him again. They're like, dude,
no, I will tell you, you trust your friends. Right. And I know I'm a little red, but I'm
starting to do the thing where I'm like pressing down on my arm and it's red. And then it's
completely white and then goes back to red, right right when you lift your finger up, you know. So we go out and we're going out and I'm still
kind of self-conscious that I'm a little red. We end up going to this improper asylum. Is that
what it is? It's like, you know, that place in the North End, Mikey? Improv Asylum. Improv.
What I call it improper. Think of the Improv of Boston. Improv Asylum. So, Biz, you go down and they do a show where it's all improv,
and they kind of bring the people who are down there into it,
and it's at 10 o'clock and midnight, I think.
So, it's pretty good. It's a good night out. You do that, then go out.
Dude, we sit down, and they start this improv show.
I can't believe I didn't remember this.
This kid was loving it, telling the story.
This guy starts his whole act with this girl for the improv show,
and all of a sudden his head snaps right at me,
and he goes, hold the fucking phones.
Look at this lobster sitting front row.
Jordan, I was so  I looked at him right away and said,
you told me it wasn't that bad.
Oh, man.
You said it wasn't that bad.
Did they call you on stage and show everyone?
No, but they get the spotlight and turn it over to you,
and I'm just like standing there and imagine how red I was then.
It was the red of being embarrassed plus the red of the sunburn.
So this night, it turned out to be a disaster.
I remember my forehead was peeling like a couple days later.
It was a horrible sunburn, but just a pretty funny story
that we had some laughs at when he was kind of retelling me how it went down.
I don't think too long ago I told the tanning story
about when I was playing in Wilkes-Barre.
And then we had the  he was an older writer,
and this guy went to the tanning bed probably every other day.
It was  like I feel bad saying it because he might listen to the podcast.
It wasn't Bombouli.
I mean, he knows that.
But there was a guy like you were just like  he looked like Tan Mom.
It was that bad.
And, you know, it was a little bit of a running joke in the locker room.
And I was going back for Christmas break, and it was before then.
And, you know, when you're playing, you're younger, you're not eating the best,
you're not getting as much sleep, you're boozing a lot.
So I had a little bit of bacne and stuff. and what would clear it up is when i get sun like even
it would clear up my face too so i ended up going to tanning salon and you know your first time
you're only supposed to go in there for like six eight minutes i went in for 15 because i wanted
to make sure that it was it was doing the job right and i looked darker when i was back home
well like i got out of it didn't look too bad got to the rink wasn't too bad but by the
time the game had finished and i took my gear off i looked like the fucking reporter guy okay it was
that i was that fucking red and sure as shit is i ended up having a good game and he came over to
interview me and the guys were just laying into me and then they started calling me his name
just laying into me.
And then they started calling me his name.
So I thought,
so I figured I'd match your tanning story with one of my own and RA,
I can imagine you've never been in a tanning bed.
I,
you know what I have back when I went on my very first spring break back in 1990,
we were going to Bermuda and I'm obviously pasty fucking skin cancer
potential.
The rule word was you have to get a base.
You need to get a base before you go down to Bermuda.
I never got no base.
I'm still waiting for fucking
my first base too.
I went like 10 visits. All I did was kind of get burnt.
I never got any real semblance of a tan.
I think I made a mistake. I think I
called the movie Once Upon a Time in America
and not Hollywood. Once Upon a Time in America
was the 1984 Sergio
Leone epic. I fucked that up.
Either way, I just saw it.
I love how you have to say, like, I was thinking of
this other movie, like, instead of just
being like, yeah, I fucked up. You had something else
in your mind. Well, it's kind of funny that I,
because Sergio Leone is one of
the directors that they kind of,
they didn't use his name in the
movie, the Tarantino movie, but some of the directors
in that, that's who they were kind of referencing. They just didn't use his name, so it, the Tarantino movie, but some of the directors in that, that's who they were kind of referencing.
They just didn't use his name.
So it was kind of ironic that I used that.
I made the mistake of that movie.
All right, boys, I guess that we've kind of gone on and off with our daily bullshit,
but I think it's time to bring in Tyson Nash.
And like I said, Biz Rogan out there crushing it.
I love how you do this.
I'm pumped to hear this myself.
So everyone enjoy Tyson Nash.
This interview was brought to you by Stitch Fix.
Personal style is like a fingerprint.
Everyone has their own.
Whatever your style, the expert stylists at Stitch Fix are ready to help you express yourself.
Because not all clothes are fit for all men.
With Stitch Fix, your personal stylist will send you clothing that makes you look your best.
Less one size fits all.
More this fits your style.
Because Stitch Fix is an online personal styling service that delivers your favorite clothing brands right to your door.
You go to stitchfix.com slash chicklets.
Answer some questions about your preferred style and your personal shopper will ship you a box of clothes, shoes, and accessories.
There's no commitment required and you only pay for what you keep.
Shipping, exchanges, and returns are always free plus the 20 styling fee is automatically applied towards anything you
keep from your box you'll never have to think about looking good again with stitch fix get
started today at stitch fix.com slash chiclets and get an extra 25 off when you keep everything
in your box that's stitch fix.com slash chiclets stitch fish stitch fix.com slash chicklets
our next guest is a good friend of mine this man was born in the gorgeous city of edmonton alberta
he grew up on the mean streets of sherwood park just outside of edmonton where he was a member
of the notorious chain gang after an incredible incredible minor hockey career, he found himself
on one of the craziest major junior hockey runs the CHL has ever seen, where in four full seasons
with the Kamloops Blazers, he won three Memorial Cup championships. In the midst of this insane run
with the Blazers, he was selected in the 10th round, 247th overall by the Vancouver Canucks in the 1994 NHL entry draft.
After his WHL career was over, it was off to continue the dream of playing professional
hockey. He grinded it out in the minor leagues for the better part of four seasons until eventually
stuck in the NHL where he played seven seasons for two different teams for a combined 374 games.
After retiring from hockey, he jumped right into the media with the Arizona Coyotes
and has been in the desert ever since.
He's currently the television color analyst for the Arizona Coyotes
and has been an incredible mentor for me personally.
It's my pleasure to welcome Tyson Nash to the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Oh, Biss, my God. are you kidding me not that i wrote that for you come on that and how many spelling mistakes are
honestly in that i mean that must have taken you a month no wonder it's taking you so long to get
me on the podcast you had to write that thing for the last year and a half oh i knew you just
jumped right into insulting me uh should we just get all
the insults over with wow first of all i've never seen your place thanks for inviting me over here
this is is this couch safe to sit on is this pleather or what what is this uh there might
be some stains in there i gotta get the blue light out i think room raiders i'm not gonna
yeah i'm not gonna walk out of here with some kind of rash, am I? I can't take that home to mama.
We'll get you some CBD cream on the way out to take care of that.
Normally, we don't have enough time to dive into it with certain guys,
but before we get into the hockey aspect,
what was it like growing up in Sherwood Park,
and what was your family life like?
Oh, my family life was a train wreck.
It came from, I'm sure like all of us, a little
bit of a broken home. My parents were great parents, but not together. But yeah, I had a
loving mom. My dad is awesome. My brother, I got a brother three years older than me. So he taught
me the tricks of the trade when I was young. He used to pound the snot out of me every day of my life.
But I'll tell you what, it made me tough.
I faced a lot of adversity when I was a kid just because I went through a divorce.
I was one of the only kids at the time that kind of went through something like that at that age.
I felt like I was kind of an anomaly, I guess, because everyone else had perfect home lives, it seemed like.
And then now, I mean, obviously, it seems like everyone's getting divorced.
If you're married, that's not very common, you know.
But as far as Shore Park goes, it was a small little community.
Great place to raise a family.
I had a real tight-knit group of friends.
And obviously, my hockey family that you started with from the time you were in Mites and all the way up till
you moved away when you were 16 and you went to junior. So it was tough to leave home because I
enjoyed it so much. And I go back all the time now just to see all my friends who still live there
today. It's a great place. We grew up watching the Edmonton Oilers.
Are you kidding me?
Five Stanley Cups.
When I was a kid, my dad had season tickets.
I was at every single game.
Me and my brother would switch on and off.
But I saw Wayne Gretzky break every single record.
Mark Messier, the Moose.
Oh, I was totally spoiled.
And even today, we used to go to that old Rexall place.
Northlands Coliseum is what they used to call it.
I'd go and sit in my seats that I grew up in.
So it was always extra special when you went back there and played as a player.
Parents and family very supportive of your hockey career early on?
Absolutely.
My mom was scared to death just because of how I played.
Well, and the way the game was back then as well. Right.
Yeah, I mean, I was pissing my pants before every single game
from midget on up.
I mean, junior was a gong show.
Which is weird because I talked to Shane Doan, of course,
to get a little background.
He said you were a centerman growing up,
and he said you were one of the highly touted centermen coming up,
and he said the next eric lindros
that's what he said yeah wow i mean i think one guy was 6'6 and one guy was 5'11 so uh clearly
not eric lindros but i yeah i played a physical style i think we all kind of did and i put up big
points like all of us did back then i mean it was it was no different. But yeah, I was a listed player back then.
They didn't have a draft in major junior.
I think I got listed when I was 13 years old.
So that was a big deal because you took up, I think, like four spots.
That's right.
That's one thing he explained as well.
So you were not drafted to WHL.
They signed you, Kamloops did, very early on.
And that was a risk they took by, explain giving up these spots.
Well, I think every team has like 50 spots.
Much like the NHL, you have 50 contracts.
And the younger the player is when you sign them or list them,
is what they called it, the more spots you took up.
So I think at that time as a 13-year-old, which who knows what's going to happen.
How many 13-year-olds were we like, this guy's the next Wayne Gretzky and they they're not playing in two years but i think i took up four spots
back then so that was kind of a as you like to say big deal oh that was not a big deal um so you
end up going into cam loops that first year you played three games was that more of just kind of
like a a red-shirted mentality where you were practicing with the team the whole year but
didn't really get in many games?
No, it was crazy.
I was in grade 10 and in high school.
I'm sitting in English class, and they had phones in the classrooms back then,
and the phone rings, which it never rings,
and all of a sudden the teacher's like, it's for you.
And it was the head scout, Vern Dubinsky, who was on the other line and he's like hey nash i'm picking
you up in 10 minutes get your stuff we're heading to regina you're playing your first game for the
canlis blazers they had a bunch of injury trouble so they called me up i played in uh in regina
which was my first game as a 15 year old then i uh then i went to uh uh brandon and then i went to Brandon. And then I went to  Oh, geez. Oh, yeah.
Those were some tough buildings.
Yeah, it was tough.
I was literally crapping my pants.
I mean, I had a full bubble on.
Everyone else has got half shields.
I mean, it was like  it was the big show back then as a 15-year-old.
So needless to say, I struggled a little bit, but I definitely got my feet wet.
Walk me through how good you felt walking up to that phone in the classroom.
You must have felt like the man.
Hockey jacket on, the leather sleeves.
What's happening?
I mean, the varsity, the ladies were loving it.
They were like, what's going on?
So it was kind of like the talk on campus.
The only guy in Edmonton with a tan in the middle of winter.
Oh, yeah, yeah, oh, yeah.
George Hamilton all over again.
But I'll tell you what.
When I first walked out to the bench, I'll never forget.
So on the bench was Tom Rennie, the head coach.
And I'm sitting there.
And all of a sudden, a fight breaks out.
And Joey Middlestad, who was an absolute caveman back then, just crushed, destroyed people.
He grabs this poor guy from Regina.
And this is what you see as a 15-year-old.
I'm like, oh, my God.
Welcome to the WHL.
Teeth are flying.
Noses are freaking snapping.
I mean, it was a scary thing for a 15-year-old kid to see.
Oh, what was this chain gang that Shane Doan referred to?
Oh, we probably pumped him.
That's why he's still having nightmares of the chain gang.
That was our midget team, the name of the midget team that I played on.
I actually played as an underage, so I played up a couple years.
So, again, I was a rookie playing with older players.
I think, obviously, it prepared me for going to the WHL.
As we all know, it's good to be a rookie,
and it's good to be a veteran, and I really enjoyed my time.
Let's talk about those teams in Kamloops.
You played with some guys who went on to have some pretty special careers.
Daryl Sador, Scott Niedermeyer, Darcy Tucker, of course Shane Doan,
Jerome McGinley, Brad Lukowich, and Jason Strudwick.
I'm interested to know who were the guys that you were closest with on those teams.
Oh, it kind of all evolved.
When I first got there, I was real fortunate.
I lived with Daryl Sador, who was playing with the LA Kings at the time,
and they sent him home at Christmastime.
So I'm sitting there playing with a real NHL-er,
which was obviously a great experience. You learned on and off the ice how to act, and they sent him home at Christmas time. So I'm sitting there playing with a real NHL-er,
which was obviously a great experience.
You learned on and off the ice how to act, how to prepare.
I was just so fortunate to play in an organization of that caliber.
Zach Boyer was the other guy I lived with.
He had a cup of coffee in the National Hockey League,
but we're still best friends today, along with Daryl Sador as well,
who I talk to regularly.
It was insane.
I mean, every day you're going on the ice as a young guy and you're watching Scott Niedermeyer and how he plays.
Corey Hirsch was our goaltender.
He was shooting on, you know, NHL caliber type goalies
at 16, 17, 18, 19 years of age.
And all we did was win there.
It was so much fun.
I felt like we were the Edmonton Oilers.
Just winning cups.
Didn't matter if you were down in a series, down in a game.
You knew someone was going to step up and have a huge performance.
And obviously we're all tight to this day.
We go back every August and we have a reunion.
We have a lot of laughs.
And that's what happens when you win championships.
You're bonded forever.
It galvanizes you as a group.
Yeah, we might have to get to that later.
You have a story about when you guys had a get-together of those Memorial Cup winning teams back in Kamloops.
And there was a funny story that transpired.
We might not be able to say it, but we'll get into that later.
When you started your junior career, obviously you had a lesser role on that team.
And as your junior career progressed in Kamloops, I mean, by that final season, which I believe was, was it an overage year?
No, I was 19.
And that was your best year statistically.
I always mess up the words statistically.
It's a tough one.
Statistically?
Well, the tongue swells up a bit.
Yeah.
But just talk about your evolution as a player and junior
and how you went back to being a point guy
because you were in minor
and you weren't when you stepped into the WHL.
Well, I think that's how the game has changed today
is that when you see skill guys
and they come up in your organization,
coaches now don't throw them on the fourth line and you got to go out there and hit and fight game has changed today is that when you see skill guys and they come up in your organization coaches
now don't throw them on the fourth line and you gotta go out there and hit and fight when you've
never really done that you go right into the you know you're playing with on the top two lines
you're getting power play time back in my day and probably a little bit in your day I mean we all
were successful you know junior hockey players midget, put up decent numbers,
but you have to earn your stripes.
And that was also what I loved about hockey is that you came in
and you had to scratch and claw and do whatever it took just to get into the lineup.
I remember playing in Kamloops, and our practices were so intense.
There was a fight for sure every practice, for sure every practice.
And I was usually in it.
Darcy Tucker was usually part of it.
I had a couple of real good scraps with Tucker in practice
just because we were two 16-year-olds fighting against each other
to see who could get into the lineup and take up that one roster spot.
And everything stayed on the ice.
Everything stayed on the ice.
We knew it was part of it.
We were just intense.
Daryl Sador fought a few times as a guy coming back from the ice. We knew it was part of it. We were just intense. You know, uh, Daryl Sador fought a few times as a, you know, a guy coming back from the Kings. That's just how
that team was, was bred. That's how bad we wanted it. We, you practice like you play. And obviously
I learned all those types of things, you know, and you had to scratch and claw. And then as the
years went on my first year, I scored one goal. I scored my first goal in the last game of the
season. And every single player was trying to set me up. So I'll never forget Steve Passmore on my first year i scored one goal i scored my first goal in the last game of the season and
every single player was trying to set me up so i'll never forget steve passmore knocked my teeth
uh knocked all my teeth out so i'm sitting there i came around the net he swung his goalie stick
back took all my dindies out knocked them out picked them up went to the bench got frozen all
up and the boys were like you got to get back out there for the third period went back out there for the third period sniedemeyer to sador to me back door i think went off my shin
pack in the back of the net but i got my first goal and that's how the season ended and uh you
know and then the next year i put up more numbers i think it scored was that the confidence you
needed going into the summer i don't know i i think so i mean i think as a 16 year old there's
so many things you go through you're you're homesick you're missing your your buddies so i think your 16 year old year is always just a burn
year you burn that and then you have that confidence you say okay now i know what i have to
to do as a 17 year old i gotta find a way to put myself on the map and you come back a different
player yeah yeah better training habits and stuff too uh scott need a mile what was he like in junior
of course he's so quiet and sick.
I mean, the guy could play 40 minutes a night.
I've never seen a guy skate like this guy.
I mean, I think there was a shift in Anaheim in the Stanley Cup finals
where he played four minutes straight, was on the power play.
Then they had a kill penalty.
He played the whole time.
He didn't come off.
So imagine in junior, he's playing with a bunch of, you know, just with guys oh yeah that are half of them are never gonna make it and and he
just he exactly did exactly that he toyed with everybody he'd be up in the rush on a two-on-one
and then he'd come flying back backwards and skate past guys skating forwards you know that's how
sick he was but he was a quiet guy. Don't let him fool you.
He's quick-witted.
He's very sarcastic.
He was a fun guy to be around.
Obviously, the career he had.
Seems like the type of guy who would be doing crosswords in the locker room.
He was.
Oh, yeah, back then even.
I mean, he was so smart.
Eight, 17 years old doing the Sunday crossword in six minutes.
Oh, yeah, and he'd just mock us all.
All the meatheads.
He'd just make fun of us, which was funny.
We're going to get to Shane Doan, but one more guy I wanted to ask you about was Jerome
McGinley.
Just a pure sniper coming in or what?
You know what?
He was another guy that earned his stripes.
He struggled early.
If you look at his stats from when he was a 16 and all of a sudden a 17-year-old, I
mean, I had as many points back then in the day as an
older guy yeah um so i mean one guy made 100 million and one guy barely is surviving right now
but it's how you evolve and you knew he was going to be a special player he wasn't human i mean he's
just a monster of a man uh you know very talented and he had that bite to his game as well that he never lost which i totally
respect guys like uh shane doan as you mentioned and jerome again the two guys that they fought
back in junior and they still fought in the national hockey league you're like hey watch
your hands don't break those things yeah it's it's funny how it's viewed now and and how it
has such a negative aspect to it of course because of the head trauma and things that we've learned about it.
But same thing here.
In junior, we used to have scraps,
and it was that healthy competitive nature
where you were creating habits where every day you were fighting,
and not in a literal sense,
but you were fighting for that job and the lineup,
and you were trying to make each other better,
and the competitiveness just sometimes drove guys over the edge
where the wires were crossed.
And it drives me crazy now in the nhl because you watch guys and you're like this isn't a given it's don't take this for granted like are you kidding me you
haven't got a goal in 30 games and you come out and play like that like have some some pride for
first of all playing in the nhl and the jersey that you're wearing too i i agree i would say
that there's definitely a little bit more of a level of entitlement
of guys coming in where we mentioned it.
Guys are handed that power play time, handed this, handed that,
where even when I was in the American League with Wilkes-Barre,
there were guys who probably in other organizations might have been up at the time.
But no, they went down and they developed similar to the way Grand Rapids used to be
and probably a good reason why they had good organizations
and have sustained them for a long time.
I was told to ask you about Mad Dog Frone.
Donor.
Donor.
Donor, here we go.
Ask him about Randy Toy if you ever get him on this show.
He got schooled.
Actually, I think he ended up blowing his ACL because he got got buckled and that's how he he blew his blew his knee out uh mad dog from paul for
this guy honestly he played for seattle he was like 160 pounds and i'll never forget and i made
a few of these mistakes in my day uh steve thomas was another guy that that I made the mistake of dropping the gloves with him.
He was 40 at the time.
And I was like, are you kidding me?
It's like fighting my dad.
This is going to be too easy.
And I absolutely got pumped.
And it was no different than Mad Dog Ferron.
This guy was 160 pounds.
Nobody even knew who he was.
He looked like a string noodle out there.
And he hit me.
I mean, it was ridiculous.
It wasn't even fair.
I took a beating in the worst way.
Ended up going on and having a great career in the American Hockey League.
This guy was, he'd be a fun guy to have on your show.
This guy would go to the bars and just fight bouncers.
He would just grab them.
He wouldn't even go into the bar.
And he just, that's how tough this guy was.
Because you'd look at him and he's like  he's a little nerd.
So you didn't check the game notes?
No, I didn't check the game notes.
So that's a cheap shot by Doner.
Another cheap shot, he said, ask him about the skateboarder guy outside of 7-Eleven or Max.
Oh, here we go.
Here we go.
I got tuned outside of Max.
I mean, I was getting a slush cat, getting a slushie.
Big gulps, huh?
Oh, yeah.
See you later.
The best, the best.
And, yeah, there was a guy sitting on my car.
I had a Pontiac Sunbird back in the day.
It was mint.
And he was sitting on the hood of my car.
And we ended up getting into it.
And he tuned me in pretty good.
So I came home, and I had a big Shiner.
And I walked in the door, and the boys are like what what happened to you i'm like oh some guy and his buddy freaking
suckered me at at max so all the boys get in their cars and and away we went mike josephson
bob westerby we all went to hunt this guy down and clearly he was smart he got out of dodge
yeah he probably he probably saw your varsity jacket now the whole team's coming at one point um what was it like getting drafted i'm assuming you
didn't go to the draft i didn't even know they had 10 rounds actually 247th overall a couple uh
couple trainers might have went before yeah exactly how do you think it went uh i'll never
forget i was crying I was literally crying.
And I was so upset.
Finally, the phone rang.
Because central scouting, I mean, you know, it was one of those things.
They scout you all year.
You can watch it as a prospect.
And I was rated, like, fifth round.
So I'm sitting there going, fifth round?
We just won the Memorial Cup.
Yeah.
I had a great year.
I scored 35 goals that year.
It was a huge part of us winning the Cup at home.
And then you get drafted so late.
And literally, I was in tears because I was so mad that I didn't go earlier.
So it was a really humbling experience.
But it was also one of the best experiences because it added fuel to the fire.
I was so pissed off.
I was so upset.
So I trained like an animal.
And then you looked at some of the guys that went early in the draft and they were like,
ah, you know, no big deal.
I am a big deal, you know, so I don't need to, you know, work as hard where I'm grinding.
I'm going to, you know, show everybody that, that they made a mistake.
And honestly, my whole career was like that.
Everyone told me i was too small
not fast enough not good enough and you'll never make it and you know i spent a lot of my time
trying to prove people wrong which was exhausting but it's also what got me there absolutely um i
don't want to glance over the three memorial cups i believe you share the record with a few other
players to win three that is, the stars have to align.
Just tell me about all of them and the experience.
Well, they were all a little bit different just because the first one,
I was a 16-year-old, so I didn't even dress in the final game
when we actually won.
I was the idiot flying out on the ice, slipping and sliding in my dress shoes
and my bad Randy River suit on.
But I, you know, so that one wasn't,
I wasn't a big part of,
but it was still a great experience
because I learned, you know,
invaluable things from all the players that I played with.
Then we didn't win my 17 year old year.
We took a year off
and then we got right back at it in Laval,
which I was, again, a big part of.
Our team was just so special. we were a bunch of you know we
weren't really on the map yet we had good players but we weren't on the map yet Jerome McGinley was
a was a young guy he was 16 years old Doner was was 16 I believe as well so you know I was just
kind of getting in and finding out who I was as a player, and we were bonding as a team.
So that was a little bit of a surprise one.
I don't think we were really supposed to win, but we ended up winning.
And I'll tell you what, we had so much confidence,
and then we just rolled over it in the third one.
Because that was at home, and we were not  so we were hosting the Memorial Cup.
But now saying that, the expectations were there now
because you'd won it the year before, and now you're hosting it.
There's all this pressure on these guys who have now made a name for themselves.
I mean, of course, Donor, again, all these guys.
And then what?
You guys just absolutely dummied everyone?
Oh, we demolished everyone.
And Donor wasn't able to play in the second one because he was hurt.
He blew his knee out in that fight I mentioned with Randy Toy,
I believe his name was.
So he wasn't a part of it.
So imagine him having to watch as we won.
It was awful.
I mean, I couldn't imagine a worse thing.
And he was my roommate.
We grew up in the same house in Kamloops together,
so I felt for him.
But he was ready for the third one, and he was a man on a mission.
He was the MVP of the tournament, and I was lucky that he was a man on a mission he was the mvp of
the tournament uh he and i was lucky that he was on my line our line was called the wrecking crew
so ryan huska was our center i was the left wing donor was the right wing and we just ran over guys
we just we went out there and just crushed people they people were so scared of our line mainly
because a donor i mean man child yeah he was just tossing guys around,
but that was at home.
That was special.
My family was all there.
Um, girlfriend at the time now wife.
Uh, so my grandpa and grandma were there.
It was just, it was so incredible.
I would look at pictures today and I'm like, you can't recapture that, but you do a little
bit when you watch the NHL.
Now you watch the St.
Louis blues going on to the finals. I mean, you get a little bit of that watch the nhl now you watch the st louis blues
going on to the finals i mean you get a little bit of that and you kind of you know it takes you back
absolutely uh so what ended up happening with uh with vancouver did you end up signing with them
so after we won the memorial cup i actually got called up i was a black ace so i was a black ace
imagine i go right from there 10th round draft pick, 247th overall,
not thinking I'm ever going to play.
And the year before was the lockout, so there was no training camp.
So I didn't get to show Vancouver anything that I was capable of.
So I trained so hard, and then all of a sudden there's a lockout.
So I didn't even get to go to training camp.
So they call me up, and I'm hanging out with all the Vancouver Canucks,
and they go all the way to the finals,
and they lose to the New York Rangers in game seven.
I mean, I'm part of it.
I'm on the plane.
I'm a black ace.
I'm skating.
I'm hanging out.
I mean, it was the best experience of my life.
I mean, I never got to play, but I was around it.
Oh, nonetheless, yeah, you're running that emotional high
from the Memorial Cup right into that.
And, I mean, I'm not sure whether you would have got a ring or not.
No, definitely not. No, it good pretty impact so exactly uh any players that you remember you know just
maybe talking i know there's definitely a separation between the black aces and and
the players but anyone that you can remember coming up to you and being like hey man welcome
aboard just there's a ton of guys uh you know that thatnall, Brett Hedekin, he was a mentor back then.
Now he's in the broadcasting industry.
Michael Pekka was always so nice to us.
You remember the guys that were really nice to you?
Obviously, you're just a young guy.
You're trying to fit in.
You're trying not to get in anybody's way.
That was the biggest thing.
We just wanted to stay out of sight and out of mind and let
them do what they were doing which was obviously pretty special unfortunately they ran into uh
you know that rangers team uh you ended up going on to play in the american league a few years in
the minors um in syracuse um you you i texted you beforehand and remind me of a few things um
the prank story i got to hear this oh yeah yeah. And you know what? This might be painful because
it's not even a, it's not even a guy that I played with. It was just my best buddy who came
to visit me in Syracuse and I, it was awful. Syracuse, God love it, but what an armpit,
like it sees the sun, the least amount of any us city in the world. If you can believe that,
I mean, it was, it was was terrible weather was brutal anyway so i
lived in this apartment on this house on campus and my buddy came to visit me and i wouldn't turn
the heat on because i was so cheap so i'm making 35 000 canadian in a u.s city imagine yeah and
that dollar the exchange was like i think it was a buck 60 yeah it was it was i was going home and
i was working in the summer at Pizza Hut.
I was a pizza delivery guy playing pro hockey, if you can believe that.
So I made no money.
I was a 10th round pick.
A big sausage pizza coming in for the ladies or what?
Oh, yeah.
That's another great story.
I used to deliver pizzas and I'd be hungry at suppertime.
So I'd take a slice of pie out and then I'd push it back together again.
So they wouldn't even know right
I mean how would you ever know because they were round so it just changed the circumference a
little bit of it so anyway and there's no no uh no pepperonis on top either no oh yeah oh yeah
fingers all over them uh but anyway my buddy came to visit me so I gave him a portable heater because
it was so cold in the middle of the night, right?
You're in Syracuse in the dead of winter and it was so cold that you couldn't get up in
the middle of the night and go to the bathroom.
So you just take a bottle, a big jug, milk jug, and you'd pee in it.
You'd lean over the side of your bed, which we had no, no bed.
It was just two mattresses on the floor cause I couldn't afford anything else.
So you just pee in this thing.
So in the middle of the night I took my bottle and I put it in front of the heater that was blowing on him.
And he woke up in the middle of the night.
He's like, what is that smell?
It was just blowing on him all night.
It was terrible.
Terrible.
But those are kind of the pranks we pulled.
But there was an extension of it.
But I won't go there.
I'll leave that.
I can't not mention the fact that you ended up scoring 20 goals
in the American Hockey League.
And that was, I believe it was with the Syracuse Crunch.
But there was a story when you could have gotten your 20th on a penalty shot.
Yeah.
Yeah, it was awful.
It was awful.
I think we talked about that on pillow
talk too it was uh it was i think in the second last game of the season too and we were in
cincinnati oh no we were in philadelphia excuse me we're in philadelphia crazy crowd the old
spectrum place is rocking i get taken down and i get a penalty shot i'm sitting on 19 goals and
the boys you come to the bench,
and the boys are just like, oh, this goalie, you got to do this,
you got to do that, you got to score, this will be for number 20,
oh, this is the greatest thing ever.
And I'm crapping my pants.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
I should not, you've seen my hands.
I mean, I don't belong on a penalty shot.
Certain players, myself not included, love when they're the spotlight
and it's one-on-one between them and the goalie.
I, on the ice, wasn't comfortable enough in my abilities where it was spotlight on me.
I didn't mind if it was me running around hitting guys.
But now, like, you're in that situation.
You're shitting your pants.
And it's for 20.
Oh, yeah.
And you're in Philadelphia with the crazy fans screaming and yelling at you.
So I go down the ice, pick up the puck, freaking out, nervous.
I just don't want to bobble it into the corner.
So I go, and I have my one move.
It's either short side shelf or it's a pump fake and go around.
So I go for the pump fake, and the puck gets ahead of me a little bit.
So I'm leaning, I'm leaning.
All of a sudden, I toe pick, And sure enough, puck goes into the corner.
And I'm at top speed.
So I fly into the corner, face down, hit the boards.
And I'm like, oh, my God, are you kidding me?
I can't believe that just happened.
Just open up the Zamboni gate and let me get out of here.
And you had to skate.
And I could hear the guys on the bench laughing at me.
So I peel myself off the ice.
I grab the dasher board.
And I look up and I can see these fans, these crazy Philadelphia fans, just screaming at me so i peel myself off the ice i grab the dasher board and i look up and i can
see these fans these crazy philadelphia fans just screaming at you you loser you're a loser and i'm
like yeah pretty much oh fuck that's unbelievable um your nhl debut you ended up playing two games
with st louis um after uh at the end of one season? Yeah, yeah.
So it was in March.
I got called up from Worcester at the time,
which is where their American League team was.
And I'll never forget.
I mean, obviously, it was an afternoon game,
2 o'clock game, and I walk into the building
and carrying my bag and sticks,
and I walk in, and there it is,
the logo on the carpet, the big blue note,
and I see my jersey immediately hanging there, number nine.
And I'll never forget it.
I mean, I almost cried, and I probably would have if I wasn't training.
Well, that's a long road for you.
I mean, you kind of got shunned out in the draft.
That was a disappointing moment.
You had an unbelievable junior career you had to grind it out in the minors where you know early on you
weren't you weren't scoring 20 goals but you'd work back up to that and then uh you you went
from that Vancouver organization over to the St. Louis organization how did that go down well again
it was uh one of those things where I was like you know please just let me go if you're not going to
call me up I mean I was watching guys get called up.
Mike Keenan was there at the time
and he didn't care. I remember him
calling down to the American League team
and I just scored
20 goals or I was close to it.
I think I had 185 penalty minutes.
I was fighting everyone. I was scoring
and he called down and he said,
we got a couple injuries. Send me your two biggest
guys. And I'm like, two biggest guys?
So he calls up Chris McAllister and Burt Robertson.
They were two defensemen to play forward.
And I'm like, are you kidding me?
You just passed me by?
Like, is there anything else I can do?
So I knew I was done there.
And I was done.
They let me go at the end of the year
and I signed with St. Louis on July 1.
And all Larry Plough at the time who told me was, hey, we care where you're from what round you're drafted and walk on if you come
here and earn a spot on this team you will play here and I was like that's all I need to hear
where do I sign and obviously I got an increase in salary which was huge and then uh it took till uh
till March I had a great training camp I think I I don't know, I think I had eight fights in training camp.
Well, I was going to bring that up.
You've got to tell the training camp story.
Yeah.
So my dad, I'll never forget him, he says,
whatever you do, you have one chance to make a first impression.
So don't say woulda, coulda, shoulda after your first couple scrimmages.
So sure enough, I show up, go on the ice,
and you skate around for 10 minutes, warm and you play a play a play a game immediately uh there's no dicking around so
anyway uh i start the first shift and puck drops goes back into the defensive zone uh they come
up the ice i'm back checking and pavel dimitra who was their leading score the year before he had
like 78 points or something gets the puck cuts across the blue line and i catch him in the trolley
tracks and i'm like i have no idea who it was i i had no idea who a lot of the guys were on the
blues i didn't care i honestly didn't care i was going to do whatever it took to get noticed
well i hit pavel dimitra so hard. I knock him out cold. I separated his
shoulder. They scrape him off the ice on a stretcher. The building is dead quiet and I'm
sitting there going, oh shit, this is going to hurt. And I can, all I can hear is Kelly Chase
screaming at me from the other team's bench. You're a dead man, Nash. You're a dead man.
I'm not even sure he knew who my name was.
Maybe he didn't even say Nash.
He probably said kid.
I don't know.
Anyway, so they scrape him off the ice.
I go back to the bench thinking I'm going to be able to make a line change,
and Bob Plager at the time was our coach, and he goes,
no, let's go back out there.
And I'm like, oh, boy, I guess we might as well get it over with.
Let's go back out there.
And I'm like, oh, boy, I guess we might as well get it over with.
So I go to the face-off dot after like five minutes of, you know,
getting him off the ice.
And sure enough, Chaser jumps on the ice and over the boards.
Pound for pound.
One of the toughest guys to ever play.
He fought Bob Probert.
He fought everybody.
And he goes, well, kid, here you go.
And I said, okay. buddy and he goes well kid here you go and i said okay so puck drops square off drop the helmets drop the gloves and away we went and i actually did all right for about 10 seconds and then he
caught me with one and then two and then three my nose was on the side of my face i could feel it
just leaking all over the ice all over my jersey it was ugly
uh was was there kind of like a mutual respect after that the fact that you were like yeah i'll
i'll fight you after and i know there's consequences to hitting star players out here
and then or was it still a lot of animosity throughout the entire training camp i think
it ended there um i i really do i think it ended there i I really do. I think it ended there. I think everybody respected me.
And that was back when the coaches, they didn't coach on the benches
like Joel Quinville and Mike Kitchen and Larry Plow.
They're up in the crowd, you know, watching this stuff.
And I know they were like, who the hell is this kid?
Like, what is he doing?
And he just heard our best player.
So they had no choice but to take note.
And I think chaser really
respected that we laugh about it today and it was a big reason why i actually made that team
funny you guys both ended up doing the the media thing too and very similar personalities he came
on the podcast before great storyteller um of course a lot of off ice antics uh i got to talk
about some of those guys on those st louis teams that you played on. I mean, you played with arguably one of the greatest defensemen of all time, Chris Pronger.
Yeah, Al McInnes as well.
Yeah, McInnes.
My first year there was in 99.
Grant Fuhrer was our goalie.
I mean, it was insane.
I mean, I grew up watching Grant Fuhrer.
Now he's my goalie.
I'm like, this is the coolest thing ever.
Al McInnes for the Calgary Flames.
Now he's our captain in St. Louis. And then later on, Chris Pronger took over the
captaincy. But both those guys won Norris trophies when I was there. Pierre Turgeon was our number
one centerman. Pavel Dimitra, one of those skilled players and nicest guys you'll ever meet in your
life, God rest his soul. He was one of the guys that yeah and
locomotive yeah um but every night it was a lot like playing for the for the canvas blazers i'm
like this is the same feeling like we knew we're down six to one against chicago i know we're gonna
still find a way to get back in this hockey game and we had the players to do it keith kachuk
doug wait dallas drake scott mellenby scott young i mean we were ridiculous as far as skill and to do it. Keith Kachuk, Doug Waite, Dallas Drake, Scott Mellenby, Scott Young. I mean,
we were ridiculous. As far as skill
and toughness goes, there wasn't anything
better. It was, again though, it came
down to our goaltending like it always does.
Just talk about the city.
I'm sure you're a great place
to play. That's what I hear from everyone.
And you've got to be thrilled for them and their
run in the 2019
Stanley Cup playoffs.
Oh, I was crying on the couch.
You know, tears were rolling down.
You know, knowing what that city's been through 49 years.
You know, that's a long drought.
And I'll tell you what, the fans are some of the best in the league for sure.
I was a nobody.
A nobody.
But they are so blue collar.
If you punch the clock, put the hard hat on, they'll love you forever.
And I mean forever. I still go back there today. um you know they're so good to me to see Nash jerseys
wheeling around the crowd still uh nowadays it was a special special place to play uh for me and
in fact I think I'm gonna fly up there and and catch a couple games uh and cheer on the boys
they got one of the biggest alumni's in the Hockey League, believe it or not. I mean, St. Louis, you know, downtown struggles a little bit,
but the suburbs, but it's the people that drive that town,
and it's the biggest sports town around.
One funny story that you told me about was when you went back to Edmonton
and you were with the St. Louis Blues.
Joe Quinville was a coach,
and you might not have played so great the game before yeah we
were in Vancouver the the night before played back to back the next night March 11th something we we
both share me and you our birthday not only the big nose but we we share a birthday as well so
um it was awful I think I had like 40 or 50 tickets family friends was that your first time back in Edmonton uh it wasn't
it wasn't but it was on my birthday it was on my birthday and I'm like like I understand like I
wasn't great the night before but so were a lot of other plugs out there weren't very good and it's
my birthday I'm like are you kidding me so he sat me out on my birthday and everyone thinks those
tickets are free they They're not free.
I bucked up for, I don't know what that cost me.
It was 4.50 or something. 40 or 50 tickets?
Yeah, it was ridiculous.
And Quenville gives you the healthy bomb.
I've never hated a man more in my life at that moment than Joel,
but I got the message loud and clear.
But he did help you out on another instance when you ended up getting a bonus yes
we won't talk about the dollar amount but i gotta hear this story oh it's the best and that was back
when guys had bonuses like for for everything and i had a bonus for ice time and the average ice time
at the end of the year had to be like over eight minutes was a certain bonus and over nine
minutes was a certain bonus and that year I was at 10 or trying to get to 10 minutes a night and I
had to play like 26 minutes he figured this out he figured it out in his head he said okay who's up
for a bonus all right Nash is up for a bonus he's got to get to 10. I was at like whatever it was, 9-something. And he knew that I had to play over 20, say 25 minutes in that game.
It was in Detroit.
And he told me, he goes, kid, get ready to play
because we're going to get you that bonus.
And honestly, every second shift I was going back on the ice.
As a forward, like playing 25 minutes a night is unheard of.
It's ridiculous.
It doesn't happen i played i
think 11 one night in edmonton that was the most i ever played in one game and i thought i needed
a heart transplant afterward yeah all right so and you played over double that it's gross yeah
but like talk about like that's class man and that's i love joel quindle he was one of the
best coaches i ever had so he got you your money back for the tickets and more. Yes, yes.
Because that bonus actually ended up counting on my next year's salary.
I don't know what you call that, but it was not only a bonus,
but it went on to your salary, so you kind of made a double bonus.
Yeah, I'm no mathematician.
But you mentioned Detroit, and that's where that happened.
I need to hear the story about you and Stevie Y having a little mix-up,
which was one of your idols growing up.
Idols.
I absolutely worship this guy.
And that's the worst part about what I did and how I played,
is that's not who I am.
I mean, it's not my personality.
But when I made the St. Louis Blues,
Joel Quinville came to me and said,
listen, I have a thousand guys that could fill this roster spot,
but it's yours.
If you can be the most hated man in hockey every night, this job is yours.
Can you do that?
And I said, Oh my God, are you kidding me?
Absolutely.
So I went out there and it didn't matter.
I mean, there was no stone on turn.
No friends to make.
Kelly Chase was feeding me material about guys before games.
Like, you know i mean it
was it was a free-for-all back then i mean i laugh nowadays because it's such a joke but you know how
these guys is nothing going on back and forth well you're tapping each other on the shin pads
tummy sticks i call it oh yeah it's awful you're between the benches and you see it it's just like
back then like even when i was still in the league like i'd be chirping at guys every game maybe they
weren't good chirps but i was still like fuck you I don't want to be buddies out here oh yeah it was ruthless I mean
you're gonna have some pride you know but anyway so we're playing uh we're playing Detroit and
Steve Eisenman and this is early in my career this is like one of the uh the first times I think we
played Detroit and we're on ESPN I'll never forget. Steve Levy and I think Barry Melrose were the announcers at the time,
and they were like, who is this idiot?
Every time Steve  I don't even know how I ended up on the same ice as Stevie Y,
but I was out there, and every time I was out there,
I was hacking him behind the play.
One referee, too.
So you'd look where the one referee was.
Not like this two-referee stuff.
One referee, so you'd look where he was,
and when he wasn't looking, you'd just chop him right on the back of the legs and by the end of the game he honestly
he had enough we ended up pumping him that night and i don't think stevie wise dropped his gloves
very often but he dropped him and he had me right by the zamboni entrance there behind the net
and he was just trying to chuck him so we got into it a little bit i think we both got five
minute majors for it and i was laughing at him and in the paper afterwards because the media was like oh my god
we've never seen that before i can't believe you got stevie why to crack the code yeah oh yeah and
i'm like yeah i thought i actually thought he was throwing pillows at me i thought we were having a
pillow fight out there you said this in the paper i said this in the paper so then stevie y they go over to his
locker room and they're like oh tell us about this fight you got into to the st louis blues guy he's
like yeah that tyler ganoush you know he was trying to get under my he purposely screwed up
my name to not give me the satisfaction talk about a wily veteran you know so now today to this day my buddies that's
what they call me tyler ganoush a fan question from twitter somebody asked has he legally changed
his name to tyler ganoush yet it's the best honestly it is it is the best and so worst you
know things of all joel quinville then gave it to me again the next day he's like you're an idiot
for getting him going because i got him going back to back and what does he do the next night puts up three scored a hat trick
you fucking bulletin board material he called it yeah don't ever do that again kid oh fuck um
oh um another one that you've told me before was the eric lindros well playing against another i
wouldn't say an idol because he was only a few years older,
but a guy that you tried at one point to mimic your game after.
And then you guys were in Philly the one night and then the weight vest story.
Yeah.
So honestly, like he was an idol to me because of what he did, you know, for Team Canada.
And I mean, I watched this guy.
I know I was an old guy making the, I didn't make the NHL until I was 24.
So, and then
again, Joel Quinville gave
me an opportunity. I'm in Philadelphia.
Crazy rink to play in.
Crowds nuts. And I'm running around
like an idiot. I think I knocked
Keith Jones over the boards. Like, just
everything. I mean,
and Joel Quinville goes, okay, you guys got
it going tonight we need you
guys to shut down the legion of doom the the lindros line and i'm like are you kidding me
what yeah absolutely i'm all in so eric lindros gets the puck winds it up like he always used to
do comes behind the net and i catch him or i think i catch him in the trolley tracks on the other
side of the net i take a full-on 10 stride run at the guy
full speed i hit him as hard as you could any possibly hit any other human being in your life
and he barely tips over and i of course end up on my my ass as well i'm freaking out cold though
i knocked myself out cold it was like running into a brick wall like when Like when your elbow hits your lung and you're just out of breath?
Oh, yeah.
I was winded, but I was literally unconscious.
I was knocked out unconscious on the ice.
I peel myself off the ice.
I skate back to the bench, no penalty.
And all I remember is sitting on the bench and the trainer trying to talk to me,
and I have no idea where I am, basically who I am. And that was it. I ended up finishing the game
because I wasn't going to go out on those terms. I had to finish.
Was part of the story though, that you'd, you'd practice at some points during the season with
the weight vest on. And when you found out you were going to be going against the Legion of Doom,
you wore the weight vest in the first period.
Well, no, I actually, actually in all i'd like to say
i did but i i didn't i wore that later in my career uh much later in my career i actually
think i wore it actually uh when i started playing for phoenix um so i yeah i was an older guy i
was getting a little slower i wanted to the hits to sting a little bit more so i'd wear a 20 pound
weight vest you know in the first period i used to just start wearing it in warm-up
and you take it off
and you feel so light in the game.
But then I'm like,
you know what?
I'm going to wear this in the game.
So I heard some guys need this to say.
Did you ever fight Brandon Shanahan?
I did.
Yes, I did.
Was he a tough bastard?
He had a scar on my face.
Yeah.
So same thing.
I was out there killing penalties and he was on the power play my face. Yeah. So same thing. Um,
I was out there killing penalties and he was on the power play.
And I remember just chopping them on the back of the legs.
And all of a sudden then the puck came to me.
You can see it on YouTube.
It's just disgusting.
Puck comes to me.
I dump it down the ice and I'm skating backwards.
And he takes his stick and he turns his blade over and he just stabs me,
basically stabs me in the, in the face with his, the tip of his blade over and he just stabs me basically stabs me in the in the face with his the tip of his is uh the toe of his stick and it i drop like a freaking sack of
hammers and i'm laying there and i look on the ice and literally it's like i've been attacked by a
shark there was a pool like five feet of blood around me like just pouring out of my mouth and
i'll never forget this
is what you don't do when you're a trainer trainer runs out there i i'm you know i got the towel now
over my mouth and i'm like oh my god this hurts he goes let me see let me see and i pull the towel
off and he goes oh god and i'm like oh god what do you mean oh god oh my god yeah you thinking this
guy's seen it all yeah he's panicking right so i freaking bolt to the bench and i go right to the
locker room i'm running down the freaking locker room i go right to the mirror and i look and i'm
like oh my god i almost passed out right there it was like a freaking hamburger my lip just
exploded you could see the my whole chin bone it was it was bad so i got stitched up
zippered up frozen up and i went right back out there and the first shift i went out there
and fought him holy shit and he was a tough customer didn't do so well yeah i finished third
in that one oh fuck well at least at least you showed uh some respect for yourself and i actually
ended up scoring that game too by the way and then were you chirping him going by the bench yeah no
no i took a beating enough um uh daryl Sador was one of your good buddies.
He went on to play with the Dallas Stars and, of course, was friends with Mike Madano.
And Donor asked me as well for you to tell the story about the first time you met Mike Madano in Las Vegas.
Oh, yeah.
Good story.
And Daryl Sador essentially was like, hey, you're going to meet Mike Madano.
Don't embarrass me.
Yeah, yeah.
So I show up in Vegas.
We're at the Venetian, and it's a real long walk from the lobby through the casino.
And they actually were in the cafe having breakfast.
So I go, honey, hold on here.
I'm with my wife.
I wheel into the bathroom, and I come out, and I got no shirt on.
I'm wearing a Speedo, and I'm pulling my luggage.
Through the casino, everyone's staring at me like,
what is this idiot doing?
Like, who is this guy?
And it wasn't just a Speedo.
It was a G-string Speedo.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, yeah.
Dental floss, the whole deal.
So I'm laughing so hard to myself because I'm like, my buddy is going to stroke out.
He's going to stroke out.
That's all he said, like basically without saying it.
Don't embarrass me.
Don't be an idiot.
Don't be yourself is basically what he's saying.
So I'm like, this will teach you to give me a warning.
So I walk right in there.
And honestly, Medano almost pissed his pants.
He laughed so hard.
He frigging, I mean, how do you not?
I mean, it was so funny.
Well, it's good to know you break the ice.
You know right away, right there, do I even want to be buddies with this guy?
And Madonna obviously had a chuckle about it.
You're like, see, this is a guy I can be friends with.
Oh, yeah.
And I think the first thing I said to him was like, hey, you're not the only number nine around here.
You know, because I wore nine in St. Louis.is so honestly we were like good buddies ever since went on a
bunch of golf trips together and that's how it all starts but that's not the most famous vegas story
oh this this was this is an all-timer for me uh a lot of you or some of you listening probably
watch pillow talk it's a segment we do with the arizona coyotes for the website and for social media um but donor is the one who brought this one up i'm gonna just let you take it over
well i thought what happened in vegas stayed in vegas but apparently not you're just dropping all
these bombs on me um but no we've mentioned this before so and this is a legitimately true story if
you had the person here today she would tell tell you this happened. So we walk into the
ghost bar on the palms, how I even got in there. I had no idea. I was with Mike Badano. That's why.
So we're sitting there with our wives on the right side of the bar. When you walk in,
you get out of the elevators for anyone that's been there. And all of a sudden we're, we're
sitting there and Nicole Kidman wheels in. And I'm like, holy cow. I'm like, are you kidding? She's an
A-lister. Like one of the most famous of all time. Like I absolutely love her. So she's walking
towards us and she walks kind of towards us and she's immediately, we like made eye contact and
I'm sitting there going, holy cow. I think she's like staring at me. Like, I think
she's legitimately staring at me. I'm talking to my wife. I'm like, did you see that? And she's
like, see what you're an idiot. She wasn't looking at you. And I'm saying, Hey, Mo, Sid, she's looking
at me. I swear. And they're egging me on like, Oh yeah, she is for sure. For sure. Oh yeah. She's
still looking at you. Look at her. So she sits down on the couch on the far left of the, of the,
the bar. And I'm like, what do I do?
What do I do?
And my wife's like, listen, go ahead.
See where this goes.
If you can wheel that, honey, all the power to you.
Oh, yeah.
Good knowing you.
Oh, yeah.
They're just thinking I'm going to get completely embarrassed.
So I take a stroll around the bar, and I'm like, oh, my God.
I'm standing there, and I'm like, I'm going to walk
right by her and see what happens. So now she sees
that I've moved. Now I'm making my
move. I'm walking past
her and we're locked, like
locked eyes. Like I'm
walking by and I'm walking and I'm right
beside her now and she's still looking and
we both finally look away because
we're not owls. Our necks couldn't turn that way.
So I stop on the other side of her and I'm like, oh my God, what do I do?
Like, do I go talk to her?
Do I, you know, she had bodyguards all over her.
She had a big posse.
So all of a sudden they get up and they're leaving.
So I'm standing there, but now I'm right on the pathway that she's got to go right to the elevator.
She's got to pass me.
So she gets up, she walks, She gets to me and she stops.
And I'm sitting there.
I don't know what to say.
And I'm going, are you kidding me?
I'm like, so I go, Nicole Kidman.
I finally have a chance to talk to her.
And I go, I love your work.
And she looked at me and I've never seen a worse look of disappointment and disgust that that's what came out of my mouth.
The first time you have a chance to talk to Nicole Kidman and I say, I love your work.
Are you kidding me?
And that was it.
Walk to the elevator.
See you later.
You have to be seen again.
Accidental fanboy.
Oh, I turned into a booster clubber.
Oh, I turned into that guy that guy oh were the boys having a
good chuckle they absolutely laughed their asses off at me they're like you're an idiot and i'm
like i know i lost i had i had my chance my one chance to impress her oh and then uh yeah i mean
i don't really know where to take it from there i mean it's gonna get all disappointing because
now we gotta go back to kind of hockey.
You finished off in St. Louis and then moved to Arizona.
Yeah.
You signed here.
I mean, what did they tell you?
What was that like?
Well, it was crazy because, you know, like a lot of guys,
the first phone call you get, I never got it from St. Louis.
I got it actually, it was Donor who called me, and he was the one who broke the news to me. I'll never got it from St. Louis. I got it actually, it was Donor who called me,
and he was the one who broke the news to me.
I'll never forget it.
And I was like, are you kidding me?
I'm like, are you sure?
I'm like, no way.
I'm like, don't mess with me on this one.
Are you kidding me?
And sure enough, the other line was ringing.
It was a Phoenix number, so I answered it.
It was Wayne Gretzky.
And Gretz was like hey i
just you know want to let you know we're so excited we're uh you know you're you're gonna
be a arizona coyote or a phoenix coyote at the time and i was like are you kidding me i'm like
is this way is this another prank no way this is wayne gretzky yeah and i mean obviously growing
up in edmonton and watching him play uh How would you describe your overall experience in Arizona?
It was amazing.
Obviously, one of the best places in the world to play
outside of the hockey at the time.
I mean, we were in a rebuilding year, so the hockey wasn't great.
You know, we never made the playoffs, obviously.
We moved from downtown to Glendale um you know which was
exciting at the time um but you know it didn't go great for me here uh just because the teams
weren't good so they didn't really understand and definitely gretz didn't understand what
what i did you know how i played he's like what are you doing out there hitting everything that
moves i'm like i'm trying to draw a power play yeah like play with the puck a little bit yeah
he's like dude like the puck's your friend like come on so he never really understood what it was that i did so you
know but it was still wayne gretzky's your coach i'm like i had wayne gretzky wallpaper and wayne
gretzky bed sheets um now moving forward it was it was a difficult time when when you ended up
getting sent down and he was the one who awful he's your hero this is your idol and i would have done
anything for this guy you know and i went through some injury trouble and i you know i felt like i
got blindsided a little bit and this is again a guy you grew up idolizing as you're sitting in
his office and he's telling you he no longer wants you a part of the team and i at that time i think
i you know i'd spent uh you know with lockouts, nine years in the NHL,
and now all of a sudden you're getting sent to the minors again,
riding the bus and eating soggy subs.
I had a family.
I had three kids.
We had deep roots in Arizona, and I didn't know what to do.
I was crying like a baby.
Did you go through a little bit of a tough time there, just like personally?
Awful.
It was the worst time of my life. I mean? Awful. It was the worst time of my life.
I mean, besides retirement, that was the hardest time of my life
because you get adjusted to the NHL,
and all of a sudden you get slapped in the face with,
hey, you're no longer wanted in the NHL.
And not only that, again, it was Wayne Gretzky that told you to beat it.
Fuck.
You played one more year in the American League.
Was it after that where you ended up going to play in China?
Yeah, I went over to Japan.
Japan, excuse me.
Yeah, yeah.
So I played one more year, or I finished that year in the American League.
And again, I ended up getting traded to Toronto
because I knew there was no hope getting called back up to Arizona.
But I finished in Toronto.
I was really proud of how I finished, battled.
I ended up playing with my
my old coach who was in Worcester at the time Greg Gilbert one of the best coaches of all time
for me but yeah it was a it was a it was a tough year but I battled through I was on a one-way
contract too so that made it a little bit easier I always took the boys out for cocktails and
dinner you know I was kind of no esc escrow. Yeah, no escrow.
So that definitely helped too.
What was Asia like?
It was awesome.
I didn't know what to expect.
It was a paid vacation.
I mean, you go over there.
I guess the only thing I didn't like was that, you know, women were like almost like second class citizens over there.
Like the women would, like you go to a bar and it wasn't a
bar for women and men it was a bar for men like every bar was like a bar for men oh really women
would be pouring the drinks and you couldn't even light your cigar up or they would have to do it
for you do it for you like it was it was all hands-on like women would hold the doors open
for men so i didn't like that at all but the sweetest nicest kindest people you will ever meet
in your entire life and we were treated like kings over there um honestly i would recommend it for
anyone you ever get a chance to go over to japan um korea as well we played over there and china
it was an amazing amazing culture experience for me it opened my eyes for sure i've never
traveled overseas uh and then and then you
ended up retiring and and right away moving right into media with the Phoenix Coyotes correct yeah
so I retired uh Doug Moss at the time who was our president for uh for the Coyotes uh you know he
job became available uh Louis DeBrusque went and did the the tv in Edmonton so the radio job became
available Darren Pang was the tv guy, and he begged me.
He said, I know you can still play.
I had a tryout at the time going to Tampa Bay,
and he just said, you need to think about this.
These jobs do not exist.
And honestly, it was the biggest and best decision I ever made
because I've been doing it for 10 years now.
And as you know, there's not a better job in hockey.
We get to travel we get to
you know talk about the game we love we're around the guys staying in hotels now you can enjoy the
cities that you go to because you don't need that you know a few extra hours of sleep or any sleep
you know if you're best but well we don't need to get into that yeah yeah let's say to say our
per diem packs were gone usually the first night. It was awesome.
I needed something because
as I mentioned, retirement, as I'm sure
we all go through, was just such an
adjustment for me. I was in mass
depression. You're a hockey player your
entire life and now all of a sudden you're
just Tyson Nash. You're just Paul
Bissonette when someone takes your skates
and tells you you can't play anymore.
It's a big adjustment period.
And you've done an incredible job also venturing out into other things.
I know you purchased some Orange Theories.
Now you're out of that, which ended up treating you pretty well.
But personally, I just wanted to not only thank you for coming on the podcast,
but just everything you've done for me since coming to the organization.
On the media side, you've kind of just given me a bunch of advice
that I've really taken to heart, and it's helped me out immensely.
Is there anything else that you want to talk about on the pod?
I'm guessing you're going to send me a bill for all those nice comments.
Correct. I'll be sending you an invoice.
I was going to bring back up Donor, and you ended up speaking at his Jersey retirement night.
Very emotional.
I'm going to hope to pull the audio so we can play it on the back end of this interview
for those of you who haven't heard it.
Just talk about what he meant to you in a very difficult time in your life that you end up talking about in that speech well again i mean we grew up
together i was i i mentioned i came from a troubled childhood broken home all that stuff and for me
that was that was a real tough thing to deal with i know there's worse things in in life um but that
for me as a as a kid was real tough so So I met him when I, when I was,
I think 12 years old and you know, he was, I don't know what he was nine. So that's where
our relationship started. And, uh, and I needed a good friend. I needed, uh, a good buddy to talk
with and, and, you know, we lived together in Kamloops and I mean, he's just an incredible
human being. I, as you know, Biss, I mean, there's not a better, easier guy to talk about, talk to.
You know, this guy is one of the best human beings on the face of the planet.
So, yeah, I hope you get a chance to, you know, share some of that video that we had.
It was an amazing night and he deserved it.
The Coyotes pulled it off completely first class um from start to finish rich naren did a an awesome job as you as you know
um i guess the only thing i wanted to touch on is as you as you mentioned it i think as hockey
players it is so hard to to end your career it is it's emotional it's it you go into a depression
really and we're so lucky to do what we did as hockey players.
But what I find more remarkable is what happens to guys afterwards.
How do they, what do they go on to?
What, you know, what is their passions?
What drives them? And can they end up doing it?
And for me and you both, I look at you and what you've done,
you know, with your podcast, with broadcasting,
how you ventured out in so many other areas.
I just, I take my hat off to you.
I know you mentioned, you know,
things that I've done with Orange Theory.
You know, we've had a chance
to not only have one great career,
but now we've got another great career in broadcasting.
And, you know, we're very blessed.
And I know you know that, but I love it.
I love, I miss hanging out with you on the plane, talking shop, talking about business, and talking about worldly events.
For those of you listening, we're like the same person.
We said we were born on the same day.
We're Pisces.
We're pretty much identical in the way that we approach life.
So it's been fun hanging out with you, dude.
It's been fun chatting with you.
I know people are going to love this interview.
You have a ton of funny stories.
Probably enough to come back on and tell more.
We'll see how
this one flies. It might be like a lead balloon.
I won't hold
my breath. You'll be fine, buddy. Thanks
again for coming on and I appreciate everything
you've ever done for me. Thank you.
Likewise, buddy. That interview was also
brought to you by Quip.
We're not the first to say it.
Sometimes we need a vacation from our vacation.
Delayed flights, hotel snafus, chatty travel companions.
Get away for two minutes twice a day with Quip.
Their wireless electric toothbrush is lightweight and compact,
so it packs away easily in your tote or carry-on when you overstuff your luggage.
Happens to all of us.
Plus, the time sonic vibrations give you a meditative break from that
jam-packed itinerary, even if it's
just between moving from the hammock to the pool chair.
When it's finally time to go home,
keep staycationing with the fresh and
simple health routine.
Why? Everybody knows Quip's got the
sensitive sonic vibrations, the
built-in two-minute timer that pulses every
30 seconds. It's a multi-use cover that
works as a stand, it mounts to mirrors, does whatever.
You can travel all over with these things.
They're great.
Also, the brush heads take two by.
Brush heads are automatically delivered on a dentist-recommended schedule
every three months for just 5.
A friendly reminder when it's time for a refresh
and to stay committed to your oral health.
Because 75 of us use old one-off bristles that are ineffective.
Quip is one of the first electric toothbrushes accepted by the ADA. They're backed by over
25,000 dental professionals and they have thousands of verified five-star reviews.
And they also have a kid's brush now. Same thing for the adults, but it's kid size. I'm a huge
Quip guy. I've been using it forever and you should be using it too. Quip starts at just 25.
And if you go to getquip.com slash checklets right now and you should be using it too. Quip starts at just 25. And if
you go to getquip.com slash checklets right now, you can get your first refill pack for free.
That's your first refill pack free at G-E-T-Q-U-I-P.com slash checklets.
Once again, big thank you to Tyson Nash. Awesome guy. Took me right under his wing
when I moved from playing
right into the broadcast booth.
And that's what he did after his first year, boys.
He went right into the radio booth and then worked his way up.
He's now the in-between-the-bench guy,
color commentator for the Arizona Coyotes,
and he does a hell of a job.
True professional.
And another thing, too, is congratulations to him on uh he ended up selling what's that
orange theory did very well for himself and i love when guys have success away from the
financially so congratulations to him well earned my friend and uh we got to talk about some hockey
boys absolutely busy yeah you guys got great chemistry together man i love when you do your
little pillow talk stuff same birthday that. That's wild, man.
But like you said, let's get to the hockey.
Married a Tyson.
Dude, we had a firing out of absolutely nowhere.
As Minnesota owner Craig Leopold turfed GM Paul Fenton
after just one year on the job.
This is weird time with camp just 44 days away,
but I guess the owner saw enough after one season decided to cut his losses.
I know the Zuccarello deal, five years, 30 mil, raised some eyebrows.
The knee to ride for Victor Rast, that kind of blew up a little bit on him.
But this kind of reminds me when the Bruins hired Dave Lewis years ago
and they had him for one year and they just knew he wasn't the guy
and they just cut bait and got rid of him and they're going to move on.
That's kind of what this reminds me of.
And Michael Russo's piece in The Athletic said morale around the team,
sorry, the organization has been really low.
The locker room's pretty fractured.
So it seems like there's a lot going on in Minnesota.
Hey, Wits.
Crazy move.
Crazy move.
And it kind of goes into the whole thing that people talk about
when owners are too involved and when owners don't allow GMs to do
what they hired them to do and they want to be a part of the decisions. And it's that's that's the
case in Minnesota. That's a fact right there. Now, Fenton got hired. Leopold used to own the
Predators. He was there forever. So it made a lot of sense, but it was a class of
personalities. I've talked to a couple of people that Paul Fenton is like a hockey guy, right? So
when he, when he's going about his business of building a team, I mean, he wants to do it the
way he wants to do it. When you get, when you get somebody who's up your ass and trying to tell you
how to do your job, I mean, it doesn't seem like it's a way that's going to work and make a successful
franchise run. I don't,
I don't think that there was ever a time that he was there in the one year
where he was that comfortable. I really don't.
I also think he probably made some mistakes.
And one thing I've been told and heard is he made his son,
the director of scouting after just two years of him scouting.
That's probably a move that, in the end, led to him being fired.
Wow, really? You think so?
I think so.
I mean, it's a really tough thing to say and bring up.
I mean, I don't know the situation.
Well, the reason why I say that is
Somebody's been scouting for two years, Biz.
Two years. He's going to then run's been scouting for two years, Biz. Two years.
He's going to then run the entire scouting department?
Fair enough.
But it's not like they've had a lot of success drafting
in the last little while either.
They haven't done well.
The reason why that organization is where it is
is because they haven't drafted and developed well at all.
They might be one of the worst in the last decade.
Who have they developed out of there?
I think Dumbo was a guy that came up.
I mean, he's a great player.
He's no superstar.
Everyone they have on their roster, they got from somewhere else,
and they've had to overpay.
Spurgeon's another good one.
He's solid, of course, but, like, not enough.
I mean, has Koivu been there the whole time?
Yeah, Koivu was drafted by them.
Okay.
That's a long time.
Yeah, holy shit.
I'm trying to think of anyone else who's been there and stuck around.
I mean, they got a couple guys on bad contracts,
which that wasn't the new guy's fault.
But if drafting developing hasn't been your strong suit and you were to
can a guy over a move like that,
sure, I could maybe
see it, but to be like, well,
fuck, I was trying to shake it up
in here. Obviously, things have been going well
lately. That's one of the issues I'm trying to
figure out.
Here's the thing.
I know I brought that up
because I'm trying to think of both sides.
So even having said he hires his son as the director of scouting,
he still got fucked here.
One year, dude?
Come on.
One year, that's just not fair.
And I'm not saying pro sports, pro hockey, it can never be fair at times.
But I just didn't think that that's right to do.
I mean, you got to give him a bigger chance.
The thing is with Fenton, I don't think he's that polished in dealing,
I don't know, with media members and things that could have ended up
hurting him.
I don't know, but I just don't think after one year that was the right thing
to do.
Not to mention, as R.A. said, it's 44 days away from camp.
And R.A., Dave Lewis was the coach, coach right for the bruins yeah yeah i'm just making the comparison from the cut bait perspective
a hundred percent but at the same like with the same time i mean coaches you can go get a new
coach gm this guy's built the whole team i mean someone comes in he does he's like oh we signed
zuccarello don't love that move. He inherited a tough situation.
I think we can all agree on that.
One of the main concerns was probably drafting, developing.
The other one being trying to get that team younger.
I mean, the National Hockey League nowadays,
guys don't last very long.
You usually want guys between the ages of 22 and 30 at the max.
I believe Minnesota's average age is like the highest in the league,
maybe 33 years old or 32 years old, something of that nature.
That's old.
And, I mean, who was his off-season signing?
He signed a guy who was a little bit older.
Was it Zuccarello?
Yeah, Zuccarello, five years times six million to years.
He's 31 years old that could have potentially
rubbed in the wrong way maybe just based off of online saying like oh what are we becoming a
retirement community because those jokes were flying around I think I even reset it on the
podcast but he's made a few other moves which he he got get rid of Granlund uh and brought back in
Fiala who that's a bit of a risk
because I feel like Fiala might be one of those untapped talents
where he thought a move was going to shake things up,
where he can kind of jump to that next level.
And maybe in Nashville he wasn't really getting his opportunity
based on how deep they are up front.
So he got younger there.
Then he traded Coyle away, who I think Minnesota Wild fans,
half of them were okay with him going
because he never really excelled either he was kind of stuck in that third line bubble and you
know with the depth that Boston had up front he was able to excel and he had a good year but they
also got Donato in return for that who had a nasty who had a very good end to the season and once
again they've gotten younger so seems like he was addressing the issues a little
bit so wit maybe you are right maybe it was the hiring of his kid because it wasn't like the other
things were speaking for themselves in a bad way i don't think he's done anything catastrophic
based on what he was handed over yeah i just and and that that's not me saying that's why he was
fired i'm just trying to give people facts of what has happened there. Because if you look at what has happened, there ain't much, like you said, I mean, it's one year.
How much could you have done? Yeah. And a little more from that Russo column. He wrote,
sources said for weeks that it was becoming abundantly clear to Leopold that Fenton was
not fitting into the culture that he and CEO Matt Majka had worked to create since Leopold
purchased the team. Leopold also noted Tuesday that exit interviews with players added to the
sense that something wasn't right.
Here's a quote from Leopold.
I missed it.
Leopold said of Fenton, and this is on me.
Leopold is a fan.
He's a fan boy.
He's reading blogs.
He's listening.
Oh, no.
He's listening to people who he shouldn't listen to.
That shit.
Dude, you can't be doing that.
How is he not fitting in with the culture?
That was what he said.
Sources told Russo that it was abundantly clear to Leopold
that Fenton was not fitting into the culture.
Well, I mean, if anything, you'd want to change the culture.
There is no culture.
That's the whole point.
That's why they haven't been winning.
That's why they've never gotten over the hump. and it's just like it's a fucking boring it's kind
of a boring aura around that arena they're not a very exciting team to watch now another comment
ra that wit made was gms uh not gms excuse me owners being too involved there there are a few
in the league maybe a handful that a gms take a few in the league, maybe a handful,
that GMs take a lot of the brunt of the blame for all these moves being made where I've heard of guys needing to get moved and owners waving off trades
saying, no, I don't like that.
Figure out a different one.
Where they've been put in sticky situations where it could end up being a
domino effect where now they get a shitty one.
Now they're lacking confidence because they've been getting ripped
for how shitty the last one was when, in fact, they did have a nice one lined up.
It just got nixed by the owner.
But it just so happens the GMs get paid the amount of money they do,
and they've got to take the lickings on the chin for the owner sometimes.
And it's not like they're going to throw him under the bus
because he's the one stroking the checks.
And there was one other point in the column that was, I guess,
a negative on him, and it said,
Fenton also nearly traded Jason Zucker to Calgary at the deadline
rather than traded him to the Bruins.
But I don't see how that  it was presented almost like a negative,
but I don't see what's the big difference if he traded him to Calgary or Boston.
You know what I'm saying?
The way it reads, it was like, oh, he screwed up here,
but I don't see how that was a screw-up. Like asset
management, maybe the fact that they didn't get
rid of him. They didn't
get assets for him. I mean, you
got to think that that team,
unless all these older guys
somehow put it together and rally
around the negativity and put a season together
and make playoffs,
I don't see them making playoffs.
Would you guys agree they're not a playoff team right now?
What good is it at having Zucker around to maybe be just, you know,
good enough to not get any top-end picks where you could have gained
a really good pick, maybe even a first-rounder for that type of player
at the deadline, especially with some teams wanting to make a push.
Instead, you keep him.
You don't get anything for him.
Well, you know, what good is he now?
Because I think he still has one year left on his contract, correct?
I can take a quick peek here.
Yeah, that's a good point, too.
So now you're getting a good player for not only your push,
you're getting him for another year, right?
So that adds a lot of value.
I'd imagine you probably would be able to get a first rounder for that.
And he's still in a very fair contract for a guy who puts 30 in the back of the net.
Yeah, he's got four more years left on his deal at five and a half per so and and i
tell you what just from watching them firsthand so wow was i way off on the length of this deal
still first of all that's a very fair number too if anything it was smart that he they did keep him
at that number because from watching them play and i don't want to say they mailed it in,
but from watching them, they didn't look very up to snuff
when they were playing against.
Yeah, they looked desperate.
They looked like they were hungry and pissed off
that they were kind of being made to be a little bit of a laughingstock.
And he's the one guy who was going hard to the paint every shift,
and he had a chip on his shoulder.
And I know he doesn't naturally have that mean streak,
but he was putting it on, man, and they were out of playoffs.
Yeah, it's a good point, too, Biz, about they probably should change the culture.
Because since me, I've been doing the show,
we've always said how this team's just too vanilla.
There's just no identity to this squad.
They're not really bad or really good.
They're just vanilla, and this is a time they got to fucking change stuff,
man.
I think Tommy Fitz gets the gig.
One of the best rinks in the league.
It's great.
They got a great fan base too.
And,
and,
and I don't want them to take this as ripping them.
It's just like,
this is what we've been shown.
I fucking hope that the,
all those older guys get in that locker room and say,
fuck all this,
this,
you know,
the bullshit,
let's just put a string of a season together here.
And they do overachieve.
I hope that.
It's just I hope they change the narrative on them.
Nobody wants to see a team get ripped on and dragged through the mud.
Absolutely.
You'd rather see them doing it and their fans be happy.
And those fans deserve it too.
Yep.
No doubt about it.
Also some wheeling and dealing going on.
Let's get to that.
The lightning locked up the Vesna winning goalie for the long haul,
signing Andre Vasilevsky to an eight-year,
76 million extension that kicks in after this season.
That's a 9.5 million cap hit.
Other than the bonus structure,
it's the same deal as Nikita Kucherov's deal.
The deal will keep Vasily on the golf through the 28th season.
It also makes him the third highest paid goalie in the league
after Gary Price and Sergei Bobrovsky.
What's your take on goalies making this kind of money,
considering when's the last time a goalie making that kind of money won a cup?
I mean, based on his numbers, he's deserved it.
I think that those numbers are probably inflated a little bit
based on his surroundings.
I'm surprised he got that much,
especially after his playoff performance wasn't up to snuff.
But, hey, I'll give him benefit of the doubt.
He's had some good seasons here.
He's backed his play up for the most part,
other than, of course, last year's playoffs.
I'm going to push that aside.
I'm going to say, okay, fair deal.
Now let's see you go out there and earn it because now not only does it matter
in regular season with those types of numbers going to your bank account,
you got to show me what you can do in playoffs. And his,
I was his glove tied to his waist in playoffs. Like it wasn't moving.
So I just hope that was maybe the nerves of the first time winning the league
or blah, blah, blah. Let's see what you're made of kid.
They pretty much had to pay him this.
I mean, the market was the market set for the top goalies in the league.
He's been that guy the last two years, one of them.
And it sucks, though, to have to pay a goalie that much.
I mean, it is it is true.
All right.
I don't I don't I can't.
What's the last huge salary guy?
Is there one?
Jonathan, I mean, he only makes like6 million, I think, doesn't he?
You're saying who's the last goalie who was making
Over six.
Over six to win.
Well, even being  I mean, he's got to be
I mean, who's the highest paid guy on that team?
Is Kooch making 10.5?
No, Kooch and Fassi just had the same deal, 9.5 million.
But I think the Stamptoast make more than them. I'll pull it up. You're getting paid had the same deal, 9.5 mil. But I think the Stamkos make more than them.
I'll pull it up.
You're getting paid like the league MVP, man.
When's the last time a goalie's been paid that significant amount of money
and took his team right to the Stanley Cup?
It's
He was going to get it.
I mean, you know what I'm saying?
Like he's going to get that from somebody, and they have their goalie,
and they figure there's a way they can maneuver around to around to get them i mean they still got a signed point although that that leads into
something else that happened with tampa today also all right doesn't it yep another money move
involving a backup goalie as the light and sent ryan callahan and his 5.8 million dollar contract
to the sense for mike condon uh this helps both team in financial ways it saves ottawa actual
dollars by dumping
Condon's 2.4 million salary, and it gets Callahan's 5.8 million completely off the
books for Tampa. So this is a mutually beneficial deal for both teams, like I said, for money-wise.
Makes a lot of sense. And Grinnell, you put up the gif of a point right away after the trade.
of a point right away after the trade.
So you should see that deal get done soon.
Crazy list of RFAs out there right now.
Some of the guys, holy shit.
I mean, are we going to see more of those Nylander holdouts?
Are we going to see two holdouts?
At least two?
Seems like it, given how many guys haven't signed.
You think Marner is going to be not playing in October?
I'm saying out of all the guys out there,
and I wish I had the list that I just brought up in front of me right now.
I'm not much of a joke, but it's off the top of my head.
Matthew Kachuk doesn't have a deal.
McAvoy doesn't have a deal, right?
No. I think for what the number is,
I think Matthew Kachuk has more leverage than Marner.
What do you mean?
Just based on situation, I feel like that Kachuk
is the heartbeat of that Flames team.
I mean, I love Johnny Goudreau.
I think they'd say that about Marner and Toronto, though.
People say Marner was the best player on the team last year.
Right.
I'm saying based off what they're probably
asking for. Don't take that as
who's maybe more valuable in the lineup.
I would bet you that Kachuk's
probably... What do you think
he's asking for? 7.5? 8?
I bet you he's asking 8.5. 9.
Which...
Would you not say that
Matthew Kachuk... I would say he's worth
8 million.
You give him 8 years 64 million in a heartbeat.
Right.
So you're saying he's probably getting a little bit more greedy than that,
but still, you're talking about a difference of 2 million.
Do you think for what Matthew Kachuk brings to the table
that he's worth 2 million less than Marner?
I mean, listen, Marner's been on a good run here,
but we haven't seen a, you know, he's not playoff proven yet.
Like, we're talking a difference of 2 million here.
I mean, how many goals did either of them score?
I think if Chuck puts out the same many in the back and the net, I know he's not the best playmaker,
but there's things that he does to his game in his game
that outweigh maybe some of the, you know, some there's things that he does to his game, in his game, that outweigh maybe some
of the plays that Marner
brings, because he's bringing physicality
to his game. I think Marner's
I know it's been two first rounds. I think
he has looked good in both those series,
but I know what you mean in
terms of what he means to the team and
the actual dollars being less. I see
that. I see that, Biz.
Hey, boys, the New Jersey
Devils, man, they continue to own the summer.
They acquire left wing and KHL
leading scorer Nikita Gusev from
the Vegas Golden Knights in exchange for
Jersey's third round pick in the 2020
draft and their second rounder in the
2021 draft. The Devils then
signed the restricted free agent to a two
year, 9 million deal.
He's got 215 points in his last 173 games over in the KHL.
He has the current title of, in quotes, best player in the world, not in NHL.
Was this guy playing in the KHL when you were over there?
And if so, how good is he?
He was filth.
He was unreal.
I remember there's a couple guys.
He was one of them.
Panarin was one of them I saw.
I think Panarin's changed the game a little bit because he came over
and they're so similar.
If you watch, it's an undersized righty who's super skilled.
I'm not saying he's going to come over and be as good as Panarin,
but he's definitely had moments where he's dominated the KHL
the same way Artemi did.
His deal was what?
Did you say his deal was four and a half for four years?
Two years, nine million. So, yeah, four and a half a year. Oh, yeah. So, deal are four and a half or four years two two years nine million so yeah four and a half a year oh yeah so okay four and a half for two
good little payday and and if he ends up being really good what a deal that is you know if he
ends up being 60 points 65 points which is what they're planning on him being able to do by paying
him that it could be great for for the devils but makes it makes a lot of sense for them looking to
to get guys up front for Halsey, right?
I mean, he can't just be the only one.
There's other guys there.
Paul Mary, you saw the season he started with last year.
The team just struggled, and it shows that there's more guys there now
that'll be able to score.
So it's not Hall and Paul Mary.
There's other weapons, and Subban on the D side can create offense, too.
So, yeah, you're right. Would you say winning
the offseason, R.A.? I like that.
Well, basically owning the summer,
man. I don't know if there's a team that's
improved. They did it before this, right, R.A.?
Yeah, I mean, adding Subban and Hughes in a
week, that was like a huge makeover
right there. Now they're adding this Gusev, who
comes highly touted. I'm curious to see what he does.
What do you got on this one, Biz? I i mean some guys can't transfer it over i think
it's a low risk situation based on the amount of cap space they still have left and i mean that's
the that's the the beauty of having some like certain you know superstars on uh on uh entry
level contracts they're able to go give that money somewhere else it may not work out but then, they only got them two years on the books and that'll be the time that they're
going to have to start re-upping Jack Hughes. So, I mean, fuck man, look out for these guys.
The only issue right now is maybe not proven goaltending. So who knows, who knows how it's
all going to go, but definitely a very solid roster. Yeah, that's the big question mark in
Jersey, but a couple other signs just want to get you up to speed on.
After an arbitration hearing, Buffalo Sabres forward Evan Rodriguez
was awarded a one-year, 2 million contract,
more than double in what he made last year.
He had nine goals, 20 assists in 74 games last year.
Sam Bennett did avoid arbitration with the Flames.
He signed a two-year, 5.1 million deal,
just over a 2.5 million cap hit per year.
The 23-year-old had 13 goals, 14 assists in 71 games last year.
And the Maple Leafs traded backup goalie Garrett Sparks
for a fourth-round pick,
and David Clarkson's 5.25 million contract,
they brought that back because that long-term,
you put them on long-term injury reserve,
along with Nate and Horton's money,
it allows the Leafs to go over the cap.
That stuff gets pretty confused. I'm not the Leafs to go over the cap.
That stuff gets pretty confused.
I'm not going to try to explain it any further.
And the Whitdog, we had a pretty big retirement,
and I don't think you're going to be getting as tortured as much online anymore.
Chris Kunitz has retired after one hell of a career,
an undrafted free agent out of Ferris State.
Kunitz went on to play 15 seasons in the NHL. He won the Cup four times, once with
Anaheim, three with Pittsburgh.
268 goals, 351 assists
in 1,022 games played.
Didn't realize he played two games for the
thrash back in October, but hey, congrats
to Chris Kunitz, man. Like I said, undrafted
to a 15-year career, four Cups.
All you can do is tip your cap on that one.
Witts, let's hear it. Witt, I don't want to put
any salt in the wound, though. he did win an Olympic gold medal too.
I just already forgot to mention that.
So go ahead.
Sorry.
When I woke up and saw this news, I was just relieved, sad, mad.
It was a range of emotions that came flying towards me.
I'll tell you, I actually thought right away, how do I respond?
I was getting tweets.
I was getting texts.
I got a fucking email.
Look who finally retired, bud.
And everyone out there, hopefully it doesn't get to the podcast game.
Yeah, I understand that.
But I sent a tweet.
I sent a tweet, and if you're not on Twitter, I'll read what I said.
And I finally, it came to me what to say when I saw the Penguins tweet.
I said, what do I tweet right now?
I got to bring up that this guy's finally out of my life.
Well, Pittsburgh tweeted out four Stanley Cups, three in Pittsburgh,
two overtime goal, double overtime goal.
We'll never forget.
If you'd read it, you could see what I'm saying.
One incredible career.
Congratulations on your retirement, Cooney.
What a career it was. I mean, the gold medal isn't even mentioned. You're right.
Just an insane player, insane career, happiest health form. I responded with four Whitney jerseys ever purchased, three of them in Pittsburgh, one in Edmonton, two playoff appearances in nine
years of my career, and one podcast machine. I could have done 500 of those four to one lists.
Like, I mean, if you look at my four, three, two, one career to Chris Kunitz,
it's a joke and a half. I mean, I'm sitting around, I'm thinking, um, uh,
four shots on goal in one game in October of 2005 for the penguins,
2007 for the penguins, uh,
three meetings in three periods with Terry
in one game in November in Columbus.
Two crossbars.
Yeah, crossbars hit one time.
And then one favorite club, Diesel,
on Carson Street.
So it just kept going.
And a partridge and a pear tree.
So the guy did it right. I mean just kept going. And a partridge and a pear tree. So the guy did it right.
I mean, holy shit. Sid's wingman.
He won it in Anaheim
too. Edmonton, Jesus. But
I'm glad he's out of my life, boys, because
he can't win other Stanley Cups. Now, granted,
he's staying on to work for the
Chicago Blackhawks. I think he's going to be part of
player development. So he's not in the podcast game.
That's good. So that was a huge win for me that he's not coming to the podcast game.
And the other win is that even if he wins more cups,
I mean,
he's not going to be all over the fucking TV screen,
raising it in my face.
He knows I'm watching.
He knows I'm seeing.
And I still always remember Kunitz.
When we got traded for each other and you're listening,
TSN,
they put my picture up on the main screen,
and they put your name in the article.
So who the fuck do you think won the trade at that point in time?
They traded two guys for you, Whit.
Exactly.
Eric Tangretti was the other guy.
It's funny.
I got a bunch of messages.
One of them was an article by a guy in Pittsburgh.
Fuck, I didn't like it, so I can't check.
It was  so the guy
wrote like um in a trade for ryan whitney the uh and yeah trade for ryan whitney the penguins i
think had their most lopsided trade in franchise history uh not to get everyone too excited but uh
some nice comments from sydney crosby about kunitz when one of the questions we asked him and you
guys are going to hear that interview next week
when it drops on his birthday, a little teaser.
But just what those types of players did around Crosby
and why he wanted them on his line.
And it was very interesting to hear his answer
because there was a few guys like that in Crosby's career,
like the Dupuis and the Kunitz and the Hornquist.
And there's probably a few
more in the midst of that time.
Next week, you're going to hear his answer as to
why he wanted those guys on his
line. And it was a very interesting
answer, and I hope a lot of you enjoy
that interview.
Kunitz, dude. What a player.
Congrats on a hell of a career.
On the list, I got sent over by Mikey Braden Point, Patrick Leineck,
Kyle Connor, Brock Besser, Wierenski, Matthew Kachuk, Marner,
Miko Ranton, and Charlie Mack.
Oh.
Bill Butcher, dude.
Whoa, that's all the RFAs this year.
That's fucking 10, 11 sick players.
And I'm wondering, are two of them,
are two or more going gonna miss a regular season
game folks that's the question i have for you i'd say the craziest one's probably jake gardner
because i don't think he's ufa oh right right sorry excuse me but nonetheless um
fuck dude i thought he was gonna get paid because he was one of the high-end defensemen available
from what i'm hearing is he's not getting offered more than a two-year deal.
It's fucking wild.
Buddy, you hit free agency as a UFA thinking you're,
like, essentially it's one of those ones where,
hey, if you're not offering five or six,
you ain't even getting a note in the comment box.
It's like a ha-ha, go away.
He can talk and he can skate.
Correct me, if a team wanted to off-sheet somebody,
they would have already done it by now, correct?
You guys.
I'm not sure on that. That's something that
none of us know.
I'm sorry I hopped from RFA to
UFA. To go back to RFA,
the Rantanen deal is going to be
very interesting. He's one that's up, correct?
Yeah.
And what other one that was one of the major ones?
Obviously, we mentioned Marner.
We mentioned Kachuk.
There was one other big one.
Is it maybe to me?
Line A, Bessa.
I mean, those are big names.
To me, it was the Line A one.
That one is going to be very tricky.
You've got a 30-goal guy, but a guy who disappeared for three and a half months.
What are you doing here?
The agent asks and he's like, fuck off, hangs
up, calls back. To me, if
I'm Winnipeg, I offer him
a one-year
deal at 8 million
if you even have the cap
space. He might not
take it, but if I'm not
going term if I'm Winnipeg, you still
don't know what you have yet.
Because once those other guys around him that get him the puck
in those scoring areas start deteriorating
and not being able to make those types of plays,
he's not as valuable.
He's a guy puck in the back of the net, and he's not
we talked about he's not Ovechkin.
He doesn't go make things happen.
Maybe two years, and if you want to trade him, then the team's got a little
they got another year.
That's probably what the wise
move is.
You don't want to give up on him. He's only 21.
He's got 110 goals in just three seasons already.
I know he struggled last year
or took nights off or whatever you want to say, but
you don't want to quit on this kid. He's too skilled.
I think we'll see a bounce back
out of him regardless of what he makes.
Brock Besser is,
you know,
he's one of those guys that he's going to be in Vancouver a long time.
He's rocket and he's a man missile.
Problem is though,
is they just don't have the cap space.
They're going to have to free some shit up in order to pay their guy.
So if you're him,
you're like,
fuck,
do I really want to take a,
you know,
a long-term deal at maybe less than what I want
because they just don't have the money to do it now?
Or do you kind of roll the dice?
Because they literally can't pay him.
They'll have to pay Peterson too.
Yeah, their cap fucking,
the system's a mess.
I mean, their cap situation's a mess.
Hey guys, one more thing.
I want to talk to you for a minute about Peloton,
or rather Grinnelli, man.
You've been barking about this stuff forever, right?
Yeah, it's actually pretty crazy. Every time I head back to Boston,
my whole family is on the Peloton gang there. My house got one. My dad used it. My mom used it.
Everyone's using it now. So that's all they talk about. So this thing must be unbelievable.
Yeah. If you can't find a workout that keeps you engaged, well, Peloton is an immersive
cardio experience with real-time features that will always keep you coming back, work up a great sweat at home for less than the
cost of a studio class. It's got great size, a compact 4x2. The Peloton bike can fit virtually
any space in your home, no matter how small. It's got tremendous value. One subscription is all you
need to get unlimited classes for the entire family. Best of all, no commute, no reservations,
and you get thousands of rides you can take live or on demand at any time. Again, all for less than the cost of a studio class.
Peloton makes hard work fun. You get in your zone with curated music designed to move and motivate
you. Hip hop or country, Latin or pop, whatever you're in the mood for, we've got classes waiting
for you. And with a variety of themes, difficulty levels, and training programs, experience something
new every time you sweat.
Live encouragements from top instructors
makes you want to keep coming back for more.
And Peloton is offering a limited time offer.
Get 100 off accessories when you purchase the Peloton bike
and get a great cardio workout at home.
Go to onepeloton.com and use the promo code Hockey to get started.
Hey, Biz, I was at a high school graduation party this weekend.
Is that just small creepy?
No, it was my buddy's kid.
It was my buddy's kid, one of my friend's oldest son.
On your next episode of Dateline, catch a friend.
Mr. Rear Admiral, have a seat right here.
No, it was my buddy's kid.
Shout out to the Stoneham High class of 2019.
Great group of kids, a lot of Chiclets fans in the crew.
They were saying hello.
They're big fans of the show.
So they were a bunch of nice kids.
And they wanted to mention one of their classmates who passed away, James Lutie.
There's a website, jlelevenfund.org.
It's to combat teen suicide.
He was a beloved member of the community they lost.
And they asked me to pass along that.
Like I said, it's jlelevenfund.org if you want to donate to help combat teen suicide he was a beloved member of the community they lost and they asked me to pass along that like i said it's jl11fund.org if you want to donate to help combat uh teen suicide and
education awareness feel free to do it but uh those get the the kids were real nice they asked
me to mention it so i wanted to do that so what else you got going on guys i think it's uh that's
a long podcast fellas i think we've uh we've we've chatted long enough. I hate to leave people
short if they wanted to hear us more,
but I'm guessing they don't at this point.
We have about
10 listeners still listening right now.
To you 10 that made it,
we're going to have a door prize.
One thing we forgot to mention
for New Jersey, they also added
Wayne Simmons. They got him at a
one-year 5 million deal.
Stamkos, he had a kid.
Him and his wife welcomed a beautiful baby boy to the world,
Carter Christopher Stamkos.
So, congratulations to him and his wife, who he said on Instagram is doing fine.
She's healthy, so is the baby.
So, that's great news.
Do you guys know of any other guys in the league who had kids this summer?
And maybe we should congratulate them as well.
Anyone off the top of your head?
I'm sure fans will now tweet us the guys.
So we always like to kind of give that type of information out
and wish the families well.
Today my buddy had a baby.
He wasn't playing in the NHL, but he's just as cool as
a lot of NHLers. Jay and Ali Driscoll
had a son named Cole. Congrats to him.
There you go.
Another thing I mentioned here
in my memo, I am on the
William Nylander train next season.
I might be in the fucking booster club.
He posted a picture with his
hair cone rolled up with
a Hawaiian shirt on
with two buttons done up, eating lobster.
He might have even been in San Tropez looking like fucking Jody High Roller.
So this guy is playing right into your cocky comment, Wit,
because he upped the ante on you.
If you saw this picture, you'd be like, holy shit.
Grinnelli just sent it over.
How about that one for you?
Are you shitting me?
He looks like the guy from...
Oh, it's a movie.
But apparently they stole the character from Jody Highroller.
Oh, so he's dressed...
That's not how he's really dressed.
He looks like Riff Raff.
Yeah, Riff Raff is Jody Highroller.
Same guy. Is he trying to dress like him or is he is that really him no no i think he's just rocking that style oh and i
and i'm and i'm fucking loving it fuck you oh fuck you oh shit yeah hey i'm not i'm not pulling
your chain either i think if you have the confidence to walk around and cruise around
like that and you you know you got all this money in the bank and you got probably girls on both arms,
he's playing right into that.
I'm telling you, this guy might get 90 fucking points next year.
He might.
I said he might get 85.
The glasses are crazier.
The glasses.
I'm obsessed with this guy.
Get me a fucking jersey.
He looks like a white rapper.
He should just go with the Michael Scott one braid in the front
like when he went to Jamaica. Yeah, exactly.in matthews what is you doing baby yeah
oh i love that um another last thing and there's probably half the people have dropped off
i i would i want to take the sandbagger invitational, which is when we golf with Sidney Crosby and Nathan McKinnon
and Ryan Whitney, and they were calling me a sandbagger.
I was watching the footage.
Now, Nathan McKinnon was getting pissed.
Pasha put the camera and was like,
hey, what do you think of this sandbagging?
And McKinnon was genuinely mad to the point where I'm like,
man, this guy might hate my fucking guts now.
So we're going to roll that or push that content content out in about 10 days. Okay. I want to
bring this to kangaroo court. And for those of you listening who don't know what kangaroo court is,
because we do have some people who have hockey backgrounds and don't kangaroo courts when in
mostly junior, junior B OHL, whatever, when there was a social issue
and the vets or even two second or third year guys
needed to have something solved,
they brought it to the team
and mostly the leadership group.
But everybody got a vote, okay?
If you were a rookie
and you were getting brought to kangaroo court,
at least when I was a rookie,
they would make you strip down naked, they'd put you in the laundry cart and they'd wheel you in the in the middle
of the room and then you would plead your case to defend yourself okay it could have been a lawyer
you and you didn't get a lawyer so but if it was a a second or third year guy going against a second
and third year uh going each guy would get a chance to speak and hear the whole story,
and then it would be voted on by the team.
So, I mean, it could have been an issue of, like,
maybe one guy kind of banging a girl that another guy was seeing
or whatever it may be.
I want to bring this to the kangaroo court of the Chicklets fans and cult.
This will be voted on by everybody who hears me out as being not a sandbagger
and hears your case and maybe even Nathan McKinnon's Crosby
as opposed to me being a sandbagger.
I want to plead my case.
You guys can plead yours, and we're bringing it to a vote by our fans.
Is that not a fair way to do it?
We are having our first kangaroo court on Spittin' Chickets podcast.
Okay. Also also i should let
everyone know you could be a drug dealer that dropped out of school in sixth grade and has been
slinging it on the corner and doesn't even know how to read you would have a better chance of
winning your case without a lawyer in court than a rookie at kangaroo court on a hockey team with
nobody representing
him you got no chance and that's what you're going to be in this you're going to be a rookie
you have no representation but yourself who can't even read and you're fucked now time out i can
hire lawyers or anyone a professional staff and then help them help have them help me do research
in order to present my case i already have a few jotted down in my memo pad, and I'm telling you, I want to be heard.
I want to have a chance to speak and gain back public trust that I'm not a fucking sandbagger.
You're going to hear what I have to say, people.
You're going to see the video evidence, and I'm going to lay it all on the line, every
comment by each guy, and you're going to see my all on the line. Every comment by each guy.
And you're going to see my back nine to a back nine.
Wasn't good.
I was shanking a lot of shots.
You guys got in my head.
All right. Well,
thank you very much.
Tyson Nash and look forward to a big number 87 on eight,
seven next week.
So appreciate you guys listening.
Love you all.
Thanks everybody.
Have a great weekend.
Shout out to the house.
Big announcement coming next week, too.
Boom. See those fault lines
Played out like landmines
It's hard to relax
