Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 196 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney, the pink lemonade flavored vodka from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka.
Be sure to ask for it at your local pack, starting on September 1st.
Now let's say hello to the boys today. Let's go to our producer, Mikey Grinelli first. What's up, guy?
What's up, boys? Here in New York City, it's my last podcast in this shithole,
so I'm very excited. And we have a hilarious interview on tap for today,
so I'm a very happy producer, boys.
Yes, we'll be bringing on Nathan McKinnon a little later, Colorado Avalanche Superstar.
We interviewed him along with Sid Crosby a few weeks back,
but let's continue saying hello to the boys. Next up, Ryan Whitney, the wit dog.
What's up, guys? How are you guys all doing?
Mikey, you're out of the rat-infested place.
That's great news for you.
We need you in a healthy, clean spot that isn't infested by giant New York City rats.
Boys, the member guests I chatted about did not win it.
We'll go into a story of who did win it and a little karma involved in that
later on in the episode, but it's a pleasure to be here. It's nice to chat with you guys yes sir yes sir and last but not least
our boy on the dirty desert biz nasty paul bissonette what's up buddy a lot boys just got
back from an unbelievable vacation in guadalajara mexico uh met a girl actually took a vacation like
you didn't work and you were chill.
Oh,
I worked a little bit cause we had to release some of that content.
I filmed a couple of videos for that to push the Sid,
uh,
and gate,
uh,
Sid and Nate golf match,
which we'll be getting to after the interview,
because I have a strong defense and removing that awful label of being a
sandbagger to my name bag label.
But I,
uh, I met a beautiful girl at my, on my last day at Stampede, and removing that awful label of being a sandbagger to my name. Shit bag label. Shit bag label.
I met a beautiful girl on my last day at Stampede.
I ended up exchanging numbers with her.
She lives in Guadalajara.
She rides.
Is it called equestrian when you do the jumps?
Yes.
Yeah.
And she's hardcore, man. She's like an athlete.
And I actually got to go to the ranch that she was working on.
It was very cool. They had about that she was working on it was very cool
they had about 80 horses there so it was massive and uh all in all man just went to some awesome
restaurants uh food there is fucking dirt cheap you go to like the nicest restaurant i think it
was like 200 bucks so you know i'm loving life down there i'm like oh yeah let's let's go ball
out we went to a club the one night their club atmosphere is a lot better than in North America.
It's more everyone's on a level playing field, no heroes.
Everybody's in a good mood.
They're singing along to some of the traditional Mexican songs,
and they throw on some hardcore beats and stuff.
All in all, boys, just a much-needed trip, and it was an awesome time.
Did you smoke some Mexican weed, Biz?
Oh, yeah.
She was nice enough to get me five joints while I was there.
So I did get to  okay, so one weird thing that I noticed
well, actually, there were some I wrote down here.
They allow dogs in restaurants, at least some of the places that I was at.
So there was one dog in there, and then, you know,
it ends up taking a leak on the floor.
So then I'm kind of like,
that doesn't go down in
North America. Am I right?
Mexico is bad in North America.
There you go. Now I'm going to get fucking ripped
online for that. That's great. Leave that in there.
I was so mad you got to that before me.
Fuck you guys.
I don't need dogs
pissing around my spaghetti.
Should we debate the map right now? No.
Then it starts barking. It wouldn't stop barking so now i'm getting a little pissed off because i'm
at like a nice lunch here and i'm like this is this is a little unreasonable am i wrong here
no it's mexico i mean yeah what am i gonna say right you mess around with the cartel's wife
or something like that you get a bullet in the back of right anyway they don't slice their meats
enough they they leave them too thick.
I like when they thinly slice meats, like prosciutto and all that.
That's one thing that I had an issue with.
I marked down.
Waiters there are like kamikazes.
If you put your hand up for service, there's six guys sprinting in your direction.
So the service is impeccable.
Got some.
They're so hard working down there, dude.
I think where I was, 15 was customary.
Even locals tipped that.
But great service.
Second to none.
Oh, speed bumps everywhere.
On the highways, on the regular roads, ridiculous.
So some things to be thankful for, like slicing our meats better here
and not dealing with speed bumps every two feet.
How was the bud?
How was the bud, the five-joint you got?
It was all right.
It would take me like a full joint to like feel a little bit high.
So it was a good time.
I stayed at the Hyatt Regency.
I went Whitney-style on it too.
I got the club room.
Yeah, it was probably 1.23 a night.
No, it was 200.
It was 200.
Shut up.
It was L20.
Oh, fuck. 23 a night no it was 200 L 20 but you had access to this room that gives you breakfast and then gives you cocktail hour too so it was perfect yeah I did a big boy stand like a bar in the pool one
of those sets of setups it was right by the pool same floor yeah it was it was a it was a cool
little setup so like I said boys I had a good time and i'm excited to be back though dude i was down cancun one of the three or four times
they went back in my spring break days and there was a girl from georgetown she was dying to get
some weed she burned all the time so she finally tracked down a cab driver who would get some weed
so it was like me her and one of my buddies in the back seat and this guy like drove way off the grid
and he turned around he's like and he pulls in like
i don't know if it was like mexican projects or whatever he's like gave us the sh again he got
out it was pitch black couldn't see anything he comes back hands us a baggie like it looked like
dirt like it looked like legit fucking dirt weed went back to the hotel rolled it up smoked it i
swear to god i was like fucking angel dust we was zonked for like fucking the rest of the weekend
it was fantastic weed it looked smelled there was nothing it was like dirt weed but it fucking did the trick and
then some so don't judge a boy by his Bahamas I was in Bahamas once and had the bartender at this
hotel get me some and it was trash so either he was completely screwing me over or it was like
it was like smoking a cigarette you'd get like a 10-second head high. I'm like, what is this? I thought the Bahamas were supposed to be like Ganja Land.
Where's Jamaica, I guess?
That's the worst when someone's like, oh, you want to smoke a joint?
In North America, though?
You want to smoke a joint and you take a couple of whacks and they're like,
oh, by the way, there's tobacco in there.
It's like, oh, dude, you got to tell somebody beforehand, man.
I get the fucking bedspins right now.
I'm not a tobacco guy.
We did mention Nathan McKinnon's coming on in a little bit.
We interviewed him right after Sidney Crosby.
But going back to the Crosby interview,
we wanted to thank everybody out there who gave us feedback on the interview.
We were very happy with the job we did,
and apparently everybody else was out there.
So thanks for the tremendous feedback we got and everybody who covered it.
I personally think it was one of the best interviews we've done
and also want to thank CCM for their participation it was great working with
them but i was real happy with it what about you biz oh yeah you're welcome for those on the spot
ad reads in both uh the the content piece and during the interview uh we got to mention also
whitney's blog you've written a few blogs since uh I've been involved with the podcast and you're two for two.
You're buzzing in those. You should be a writer full time. I sat down for a while. I was actually
at the golf course and borrowed the pro shops laptop. I was like, I got to get comfortable,
sat upstairs at the TV on and just went to town, writing a blog, describing how it all went down.
How the pink Whitney began.
Now I'm going to read it for you guys.
Oh.
And all of a sudden, it's the release date.
It's the time you finish the blog.
The countdown to the launch.
Yeah, and now, here, Pink Whitney's available.
Oh, man.
So, yeah, thanks to everybody who gave us tremendous feedback.
It was, like I said, Biz, I don't know if Crosby ever gave an interview
quite like that before, so it felt good to have us be the guys
who delivered it, you know?
A couple weird stories I had written down here to transfer out of that,
R.A., was did you guys hear about this male basketball player
who tried to cheat on his drug test?
And he used, I don't know if it was his girlfriend or wife's urine and
she was pregnant, but they weren't aware that the girl was pregnant yet.
So he, you know, he tested positive for pregnancy.
So they're like, Hey dude, we're like, we're well aware you fucking cheated on your drug
test.
So you got it.
What do you get?
20 games, a Grinnelli.
I'm pretty sure you got a two year ban from two year.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was international.
Pretty sure two year ban.
It's just some girl he's hooking up with.
And he's like, I get your piss.
And then he's like, fuck, I'm suspended.
And I knocked her up.
This ain't good.
Hey, what have you been following along?
Like Dave Portnoy proven once again, once again,
why he's the maestro of the internet with absolute troll job of the century.
When you can draw in what's-his-name,
Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Donald Trump Jr.,
and the National Labor Relations Board
all into the same Twitter stream,
then you are a master fucking troll.
And Dave just showed again why he's fucking so good
at this internet shit.
An insane couple days on Twitter
and the overall internet.
Forget those people.
I love how he's now calling her Alexander O'Crazy-O, right?
Well, let's give the backstory here on how this all went down.
Some people don't follow Barstool.
Some people don't have Twitter.
So the main story is that the ringer, which I believe, R.A.,
correct me if I'm wrong, is owned by Bill Simmons.
He has a piece of it. I know HBO has a piece of it as well. The main story is that The Ringer, which I believe, R.A., correct me if I'm wrong, is owned by Bill Simmons. Yeah.
He has a piece of it.
I know HBO has a piece of it as well.
So it's an enormous kind of, I don't know, they have podcasts.
Is it also a blog?
There's articles, whatever.
And the writers there have decided to unionize. So the story was broken, and it came up, and Portnoy, going forward then,
has always said he hates unions.
Actually, all right, you tell this fucking story.
I don't even remember the whole beginning of it.
Yeah, there's kind of a lot of history here.
Dave and Simmons, they've had not even a pissing match.
They just don't really care for each other.
So like you said, The Ring, that's a website actually similar to Boston.
And so far as they both put blogs and podcasts out into the,
out into the internet.
Well, they were unionized.
Their writers decided to unionize.
I don't like other websites have.
And now Dave for years has always jokingly said,
if they try to unionize, I'll swash them like a bug.
He's been saying that since there were four employees at Boston.
It's kind of been like a running joke.
So when the ringer organized a union, Dave's like, oh, if they try it here,
I'll squish it like a bug.
And everybody took it serious because, I don't know,
because it's fucking Dave or whatever.
And then all of a sudden someone teed in that AOC there.
She said this is against the law, retweeted Dave.
Then fucking the National Labor Relations Board was saying this is illegal.
Basically they're saying Dave's actions are illegal, that you can't squash, you know, people want to form
a union. You can't squash that. But it's a fucking like Dave's not serious. It was a joke. It was a
it was a joke that just snowballed and snowballed and snowballed. Now, now, now it's having an
effect because I have people tweeting at us like, oh, I love spitting chickens, but I can't take
pot and basketball anymore. It's like God. And I wrote I see you later. I said, did you fall for the union thing, too? And now I got people saying right back like, oh, some I can't take part in basketball anymore. Oh, God. And I wrote, I said, did you fall for the union thing, too?
And now I got people saying, writing back, like, oh,
some things can't be joked about.
It's like, bro.
Shut the fuck up.
Listen, anything can be fucking joked about, first off.
So it was legit.
Dave joking about squashing any attempts to get a union.
And by the way, to my knowledge, nobody in fucking Boston wants to get a union.
If they do, it's news to me.
We get taken care of.
There's no need for us to, at least, again, I'm speaking personally,
why I would want to form a union.
And I'm a union guy.
My father was in a union for years.
I've had three or four union gigs over the years.
I'm pro-union, but I don't feel like, oh, we need a fucking union
because working conditions are fucking ideal right here.
Correct.
And let's keep in mind here, Dave Portnoy wakes up every morning
and he
says how can i rile up the entire internet and he's a troll that's what he does he's and that's
why i think he's funny a lot of people don't know his personality they think he's being serious
every time he opens his mouth or every time he tweets something he doesn't give a shit all he
cares about is riling everybody up and he seems to be the master at it. I think we said it in the group chat today, R.A.
He's the Vince McMahon of the internet, and he is.
Now, saying that is I don't think anyone at Barstool, like you said, R.A.,
would even want to fucking unionize, correct?
I mean, Grinnell, you're there every day.
I don't think anyone would want to unionize, but also by like 4 o'clock today,
this had generated 7 million worth in free media,
and it's projected to do almost 40 million in free media.
Boom.
And that leads to the overall point is it's all about money,
and all these people who get all worked up
and who feed into him fucking around
just means more dollars in his pocket and the company's.
It's expected to get almost  billion impressions this whole thing that's fucking nuts man billion so all right so
correct me if i'm wrong here but unions were were started in a day where there was like inhumane
ridiculous working working you know facilities and and like people didn't have health care and like
it's a sports comedy blog like where everyone has health insurance a 401k
fucking drinks on tap at the office they work at and then there's these millions of people that
are all of a sudden saying that barstool, like they need a union, like bizarre thing.
Like I don't even if people are telling Barstool what they need when they're not even saying they need anything.
We have unbelievable working environments in New York City, too.
I mean, we gave us free snacks, free drinks, free booze.
Actually, it's unbelievable. I saw a quote, a Barstool employee.
I saw a quote, a Barstool employee, I can't think of it because it was on the Barstool quotes thing, that most of these main businesses have bosses or CEOs who are complete dickheads in person and great guys out in public. And when they're doing press conferences, things like that, Dave's the complete opposite.
He's a complete prick in public.
And he's actually a good guy
when you're private with him, and he's fair,
and he treats the people that work for him with,
I'm not going to say a lot of respect, but he treats them well, right?
He pays them well.
I'll say this, Whit.
It's a bizarre thing.
It's just the whole current you get mad at.
Why are you mad at this?
It's bizarre.
Anyone in that entire office could walk in his office and says,
I think I deserve this. And he's going to say, okay,
prove to me why you deserve that.
And if that employee can show exactly why that he's worth that,
Dave will fucking sign the check himself. That's exactly how he works.
He's a handshake agreement guy. Look, look at guy like young page views.
He gets all the resources in order to go blow up his
brand because he wanted it and he fucking worked for it and dave said you know what you've earned
it there you go and so now look at him how many views that's just going to help him if if right
now young page views want to say hey see you later goodbye barstool off of the effect he's probably
gained what 70 000 of his followers on Twitter,
which he can now go and use.
So listen, Barstool's providing everything to their employees.
If somebody's got a fucking problem with it, go talk to Dave and do your thing.
And to bring it even further, I made a joke saying, like, what's a union online?
People, whatever you want, go fight for it. If you think whatever you're doing in life, you deserve a union,
fight for what you believe you deserve and go do that. And I will commend you on that for the rest
of my life. I made a joke. If you want to come after me for that, come after me for that. I,
I personally don't give a fuck. Yeah. I mean, the labor movement has been huge in America and
yeah, it brought us to five day work week and weekends and you know, lots of fucking safety
at work.
But it's not like it's no longer necessary. There are definitely some jobs where, yeah, you still want a union.
You still want to collectively bargain things. I mean, my job before here, I was a I was a fucking school custodian.
You know, I had school. I had union protection. We weren't a fucking team.
This type union. But, you know, if I had an incident at work, I couldn't get fight on the spot, which, you know, it's a job where having a union was handy. But like I said, right now we're working in a creative level where it's
kind of, what have you done for me lately? Like I wouldn't, the last thing I would think was to
ask for a union, man. Like I said, I couldn't be happier as an employee. It just doesn't fit in
with what Barstool is. And the only good thing that could kind of, well, not the only good thing,
because as Grinelli just said, the numbers are incredible. But what I'm hoping comes from this, all I want to see is, do you think there's a chance a union puts a big giant rat outside the building like they do at construction sites that are non-union, all right?
Like maybe somebody just gets a huge rat at the entrance to the offices?
Yeah, but see, there's no reason to do that because there's no one crossing the picket line or anything.
It's just, this is the job.
Not every job is a fucking union job. I mean's we're just a company that's not and i mean
that's fine it's not like there's a union option or non-union option it's if you work at bostel
it's not a union you know that going in you know what dave's like going in and fucking hey i signed
the dotted line let's do this man um i think we should move on to a happier funnier subject
absolutely if that's cool with you guys wit I think that PGA is getting so entertaining now that some of these guys are being slow,
and then now some of these other guys are fucking chirping them,
and there's kind of like a little war going on.
I was never the biggest fan of Brooks Koepka.
I don't know.
He just seemed like such a hard-o when he's like,
He's a hard-o.
He's like, I don't even like golf or like I don't practice. The more he's doing and the more he's saying, the bigger the fan I'm becoming
because he's actually being like the bad guy at golf.
No, he's not even the bad guy.
He's one of the first golfers that openly just doesn't give a fuck in the media
or in public.
He'll chirp people.
So he calls out people for slow play.
He's been bringing up how much of an issue it is.
And it is,
I mean,
for people who golf,
somebody who plays slow is so painful,
whether you're with them,
whether you're behind them,
they'll hold up a whole course.
And the PGA tour,
if you're watching an event,
it is at ridiculous levels at this point.
It's at levels that are unwatchable.
It's at levels where the video that went viral
that started this whole recent beef involving Bryson DeChambeau,
he reads his fucking green book where it shows you
how the green breaks and the angles and the slopes.
He reads it three times for an 8-foot, 3-inch birdie putt,
asks his caddie for three different reads,
reads it from both sides two times.
Justin Thomas is like literally kneeling down, going like this on his forehead.
Like, oh my God.
Tommy Fleetwood's in the group.
He's disgusted.
So I'm glad it's getting some noise.
And it also, as Riz, you're saying, is great for golf because golf's boring.
I mean, listen, unless you love it.
They need drama off of a
Exactly.
It's boring in the media.
Nobody likes that shit.
But to get this drama and to get people chirping back and forth, it's great.
It's getting me involved in it.
And then, of course, who was it?
Rory McIlroy was at an event.
And who's the cheap guy?
Kuchar?
Yeah, Kuchar.
He went after alligator arms.
Great, great chirpy game.
Kuchar made a comment about him winning some money.
Do you know it?
Can you tell it?
Yeah, I don't remember the exact quote,
but Rory ended up finishing, I don't know, a little higher than him,
or he finished a little higher.
It didn't really matter.
Basically, he made a joke about losing or winning an extra couple thousand dollars,
and then Rory just quickly came in,
and said, oh, we know how much money means to you.
And it was just after the whole incident where he stiffed his caddy in Mexico,
probably the same way Biz stiffed his waders in Guadalajara.
Oh, fuck you.
15, 20 if they were really good.
Don't start with me.
Anything else you guys got?
Oh, how about Robert Leonard shifting to hockey talk?
Excuse me.
There's nothing in the hockey world right now.
Well, he got the Masterson.
What's the trophy for the goalies when they get the lowest state percentage?
Jennings, right?
Yeah, that's the Jennings.
He won the Masterson, though, for perseverance, sportsmanship, coming back.
And they wrote fucking New York Rangers on his trophy.
I mean, the New York Islanders and the New York Rangers.
How do you fuck that up?
I mean, like that meme, you had one job, you know?
All right, boys, I think it's time to send it over to Nathan McKinnon.
We want to say thanks to our friends at CCM as well for making this happen.
Boys, great interview.
I thought it was fantastic stuff, as good as Sidney Crosby.
So without further ado, Nathan McKinnon of the Colorado Avalanche.
This interview is brought to you by Can I Brands.
You've already heard me talk about the cannabis company
a few friends of mine have started.
Can I Brands, the all- brands the all natural hemp derived CBD company making creams,
bombs,
tinctures and oils that help the world's highest performing athletes as well
as everyday scrubs like you and myself get a clearer mind,
get a better night's sleep and men your injuries.
So you can feel amazing.
Well,
chicklets fans can I brands has a few more reasons that are sure to get you
feeling amazing. Introducing can I brands first ever feel amazing sweep Well, Chicklets fans, Can I Brands has a few more reasons that are sure to get you feeling amazing. Introducing Can I Brands' first ever Feel Amazing Sweepstakes Spectacular. From
now until September 7th, you and one friend have a chance to enter to win a trip to Phoenix to see
the Arizona Coyotes play this fall. Your friends at Can I Brands want to pick up the tab. That's
right. Round trip airfare to Phoenix, two nights in a hotel, tickets to the
game, and even a little bit of spending money to enjoy the rest of your time there. To enter,
head over to Can I Brands website at www.cannibrands.com and fill out some basic information.
That's it. Easy tuck. No purchase necessary. Do be sure to check the full contest rules and
regulations to ensure you are eligible to enter.
Winners will be announced by September 16th.
And while you're there, be sure to toss them a follow on Instagram at Canibrands, C-A-N-I-B-R-A-N-D-S,
for the latest in product releases
and to hear about some exciting partnerships they've got dropping soon.
Thanks again at Canibrands.com.
My next guest here was
the number one pick in the 2013 draft.
He's already played six NHL seasons.
Feels like he just got here. He's been
a hot finalist. He won the Calder Trophy.
He's Rookie of the Year. He averages more than a point
per game in the playoffs and just under a point
in the regular season. I wish I had more to
say about you because he just gave the best
intro ever to your pal Sid. But anyways,
welcome to the podcast, Nathan McKinnon.
It's not easy. You didn't win the Calder.
I did win the Calder and Sid didn't win
the Calder. Not a big deal.
I got that on you, Sid.
He only had 50 more points than me that year, but
it's all good. No worries.
So the playoffs obviously just
ended. Is the bad taste in your mouth still there
from losing the manner which you guys did this
year? Yeah, I think just we felt like it could have been anybody's year.
When Tampa got swept, we were just like, oh, my God.
You just never really know.
You always hear get to the playoffs, but you hear that.
But L.A., Chicago, and Pittsburgh are the only teams that win,
so it doesn't really feel like anybody can win
because it always feels like the best teams with the best players win.
I'm not saying the Blues didn't have  I guess they didn't have the best teams with the best players win. I'm not saying the Blues didn't have
I guess they didn't have the best players in the league.
They just had four lines, 70 that were unbelievable.
I'm good friends with Ryan O'Reilly and Braden Shen,
so I get to hear about their locker room.
They were so tight.
But, yeah, we felt like it could have been anybody's year this year,
and it definitely stung a lot.
Did you continue to watch the playoffs after you got knocked out,
or did you not be bothered? yeah probably until the final um my first couple years
when Sid won back-to-back cups I was actually here at the stubborn goat uh just being the biggest
Pittsburgh fan of all time while I was in the NHL you had his jersey on yeah it felt like a
different league I didn't even feel like I was in the same league as those guys. But, no, things are different now.
I feel like we have a chance.
Especially with the Blues winning, it feels like anybody could have won this year.
Were you surprised that all that O'Reilly won the consummate?
Did you know all along you had that in him?
Yeah, he took a lot of heat.
I kind of wanted to tweet something out defending him.
Okay, when you have those thoughts, do it.
Because that really helps our podcast.
We can then talk about your tweet.
He said after the season, he's lost a little love for the game.
And I think people took that out of context.
I mean, people just be like, oh, these guys are millionaires.
They should just be happy with that.
But, you know, we take a lot of pride in what we do.
And with Factor, he is so passionate about hockey. Anybody that knows him, he loves the game. they should just be happy with that. But we take a lot of pride in what we do.
With Factor, he is so passionate about hockey.
Anybody that knows him, he loves the game.
He works so hard.
And coming last just doesn't sit well with someone like that.
He's such an amazing teammate.
We're still friends.
Me and Tice go to dinner with him and Braden every time we play the Blues.
He's such an amazing guy, so I for him um teammates um landis cock obviously
tough moment for him with the offside situation but talk about a guy right after the game just
completely owned it didn't blame anyone just seems like a type of guy you want to go to bat for
yeah i love landy i mean he is the perfect captain um the most selfless guy i've ever played with
um doesn't care about points
and you know his own you know personal accomplishments he just wants the team to win
and everyone to do all around him and um you know he's uh he took took a lot of heat for that
offside but i don't know the gate was kind of stuck that game it was weird like the really
it was like breaking news yeah it was like sticky i thought and
you know it's usually usually just change on your own and and varley was the backup goalie but
where he sat was like was an uncomfortable you know distance away from being like the gate guy
you know whatever so but it was sticky and i think he was just trying to rattle it and
it just sucks i mean to you know it's i i
think it was offside looking back but it was so it was so close that maybe they could have just
let it go people people are people are gonna think you're complaining about it but like oftentimes
those building boards are being taken off put back on so sometimes the latch doesn't equal off as
even as before like i know the crew before the game is supposed to make sure it does or humidity and shit i know this sounds yeah there was like a there's like a
wrestlemania event i mean i remember the a couple the day before game one you know so there's stuff
in and out of that building san jose's a a pretty hot spot wow and then that i mean looking at it
over i thought it should have been it should have counted as a goal.
All of a sudden it would have been tied 2-2,
but I guess we'll leave that, the pass behind us.
We're not going to try to twist the knife anymore.
Just ask him 50 more questions about how his team lost.
Landis Kog must have just like people just staring at him.
That guy's, he's hot as shit.
He's a perfect hand.
He's a complete man rocket.
Walk around with him. So hot.
Yeah, he's 6'2", like shredded.
Those Swedes, man.
They get it all.
Seriously.
Huge head, but like a lot of good face to go with his head.
So he's a good looking dude.
Tyson Berry has a lot of ammo on you and sent me over.
So I'll just start off with an easy one.
He goes, ask Nate about his most recent watch purchase.
Is that it?
Is that the one you're wearing?
No.
I don't know why he's talking about that.
You're like, Jesus Christ, Tyson.
Yeah, I wanted to buy a watch, and I bought an Audemars watch.
Oh, an AP?
An AP, yeah.
Oh, those are great.
How do you say it? I never want to say it because I don't want to
sound like the guy. I don't know if it's the Peugeot or
Audemars Piguet. Is it your
Sherbiz? I'm 99.
I think we're all guessing. I used to have one.
All you know is they're nice.
Yeah, so Tice,
I mean, he grew up with, you know,
he, uh, Silver Spoon.
Oh!
I love it, fuck you. Lenny Berry took care of him growing up um but so he
knew a lot about watches and i just wanted to bring him with me and and you know get some intel
and we went to a watch place first to look at supposed to be for my watches and then he bought
a patek philippe oh within 10 yeah which is a lot more expensive. Jeez, those are like 50K.
So he's already spending his money he's going to get.
I guess you see where he knows he's got some cash coming. Yeah, like you said in the pod, he's getting at least nine, so he's good.
So basically he had me bring up that story
so he would get mentioned about having a tech filly.
So what a selfish piece of shit Tyson Berry is.
I wonder what all the rest of these questions are down here.
Well, before we even get to more of those,
so we're in Halifax, and you're from here.
I'm wondering, I read the story on that.
There was a chance you were going to go to college, right?
You didn't really want to go to the Quebec League
if it wasn't in Halifax.
Is that fair for me to say?
Yeah, there was just a couple teams I would have went to,
but yeah, that's pretty fair to say.
All right, so you were skating with the Omaha Lancers.
I remember playing against them,
and this is when the Quebec draft's going on,
and you get picked, and you end up getting your rights
traded to the Mooseheads here.
Right away, did you know, all right, I'm going to go?
Yeah, yeah, I did.
Pat Brisson's my agent, and he said not to go to Bay Camus,
so I was just kind of listening to him.
I'm my guy.
Yeah.
I got drafted by big camo we we told him before the draft that i probably wouldn't report and um but cam russell called
me i was still 15 years old that he traded uh for me and i was so excited i grew up biggest
moose heads fan and love going to the games and uh being a super fan of sid whenever he came to town
yeah it was it was pretty cool to uh you know to be part of the moose heads so all right so
you're a huge fan of sid like that you're growing up locally here no no questions asked yeah then
you start becoming like a very elite player you're looking like a similar type path here career arc
and then all of a sudden shattuck comes to the picture just like it did for him yeah it was
and then all of a sudden Shattuck comes in the picture just like it did for him?
Yeah, it wasn't as a coincidence as you might think.
I was such a super fan growing up that I figured if Sid went to Shattuck,
I should go to Shattuck.
They don't want you.
He's like, oh, Sid went there. I'm going.
I know.
But, yeah, I think it's such a great program too.
It wasn't just Sid that went there, Parise, Taze, I think Drew Stafford.
They have a lot of NHL players.
Yeah, they did.
It was just a great atmosphere for me at the time.
The reason why I really went, I mean, I definitely would have went when I was 15,
but I didn't know if I'd get exceptional status in midget.
I'd have to be the best Nova Scotian player in my age,
and sometimes I don't give it to you.
I thought I was.
Wait, is that to play in the Quebec League as a 15-year-old?
No, no, as a 14-year-old to play in midget as an underage.
Oh, they have to give exceptional status for that as well.
Yeah, so you have to be ranked the number one player in your own age group
to get it at 14, and I was scared I'd have to go back to Bantam locally,
and it was kind of weak at that point.
Ready to move on from that. Yeah, so I just left. I was too I'd have to go back to Bantam locally. And it was kind of weak at that point. Ready to move on from that.
Yeah, so I just left.
I was too scared to try.
So you kind of even jabbed yourself about following in Sid's footsteps.
So you end up building a house here next to him.
Yeah.
And then because Sid has a gym in his place, you want to build a state-of-the-art gym.
I did, yeah.
But because he follows around Sid so much, bullies him into working him out working out
at sid's older i better little or shittier gym yeah and he has a state-of-the-art gym that he's
wasted his money on pretty much yeah sid it's like i'm like we just use my gym once in a while
he's like nope nope no that's it's every day uh mine's 12 years 13 years newer everything newer
your first cup then you yeah can be like, hey.
When I get three cups, maybe I can work out at my gym with Sid.
How old were you?
Oh, sorry.
I was struggling with the word littler.
Littler?
I don't even know what word you're saying.
Well, I was trying to say smaller.
Smaller.
Yeah, I should have said that.
Yeah, I don't think littler is a word.
Fuck.
How old were you when you first met Sid?
Yeah, I don't think littler is a word.
Fuck.
How old were you when you first met Sid?
I was, I think I was 14 or 15.
So the reason I got my shirt on, O'Brien Hockey.
Andy.
Supporting Andy O'Brien.
Yeah, so I started my agent pad again, set me up with Andy O'Brien.
And I thought that was the coolest thing ever.
I'm getting Sidney Crosby's trainer i was 15 um so one day he brought me to his gym and uh and then whatever and uh halifax and i was freaking out i saw him walking up from like his house and i was like
freaking out like what is going on right now that's an hour ago at the window you could have
lifted 400 pounds at that point yeah like i was I was just, and I remember like him, my dad, my dad drove me out and Andy
was just all talking and I just did like high knees.
I wouldn't stop because Andy told me to do high knees.
So I didn't stop for like 20 minutes going back and forth.
Like it's just the whole workout?
Yeah.
I was just doing high knees because I was too scared to stop and ask like if I should
do something else.
And I was just looking at Sid the whole time like i wanted to impress him right that i worked hard
and i was like serious about hockey and uh that's a true story next day can't even move it this is
so funny that just like a superstar of the nhl this is how it is but it's so much better than
a kid who's just like hey what's next you know like that shows a lot about character true true
absolutely and has a situation like that ever arised
where from such a small hometown
there was such a tight gap on superstars?
I was going to ask that.
I don't know.
Where as in you're coming in as,
I wouldn't say he's going out,
but on the latter part of his career.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, I came in,
he was 26,
so he's had some amazing years since then.
Oh, it's true prime some amazing years since then.
Oh, it's true prime.
Yeah, true prime.
No, no.
But, yeah, it's a pretty cool relationship we have.
It's more of a brotherly thing.
You know, I just kind of, whatever Sid says, I do.
You know, he's so wise, and he knows he's done it all.
And, obviously, when I was 15, I never thought I'd be friends with the guy.
I just wanted to get his autograph and a picture, you so it's cool it's worked out did he kind of
help you navigate things as far as being a big prospect back at that time like um going through
stuff yeah you know what's it kind of let me figure it out for my own i think yeah the biggest
thing that i i i take away from with that is just how hard he works i mean you hear it all the time but he is a he is a a freak in the gym and um i i'm just gonna tell the story i've been i wanted to tell it uh
it was my first workout with stid ever so i i mean i met him when i was 15 but i got drafted by
colorado um whatever 2013 i was still 17 years old and uh sid and andy always went to pei for on canada day so
that would have been like a week after the draft five days after the draft and um they do like a
beach workout and so i get there i meet sid i'm like fired up like i can't wait to work out with
cindy crosby and we you know we're we're doing this this, and I'm exhausted.
I'm so bagged.
I just got in.
My dad drove me up to PEI, and we do 10 hill sprints up like a sand dune.
I don't know if you ever see on a beach.
There's these dunes.
So this is an exaggeration or anything.
We do 10 hill sprints, and he beats me on all nine to start like he crushed me on all nine on the 10th one you're getting rattled a little bit right
no no not at all i'm like i'm like yes like he's beating me like this is great like i was like too
scared you like you know you don't want to beat him you're too scared to see what happens but on
the 10th sprint i got the head head start. And I was beating him.
I was halfway up the hill.
And then I feel this, like, hand on my ankle.
And then my face smacks into the sand.
I don't even know him.
I'm 17.
So I was beating him up the hill.
But he literally grabbed my ankle and, dragged me down the sand dude and then
and then he finished the race and got his and got his 10 what and he's like said that was cheating
i didn't touch him andy fucking slip took the video i know it's probably what do you say what
and thanks for the sand sandwich.
I was kind of laughing, but he was kind of laughing, but he took the win for sure.
He got all 10.
Like he grinned but didn't acknowledge the fact that he did that?
Yeah, it's tough to remember exactly, but he didn't really.
I don't remember hearing a story from him, that's for sure.
I was told to ask you about the amount of sweet potatoes you eat in a season is it the tyson oh yeah ice is his team yeah um yeah so i it's
it's gross i just i um that's the weirdest thing you must be just all year yeah i just i try to
get off the pasta and just crush these baked sweet potatoes.
I bake chicken and I bake four sweet potatoes, and there's nothing on it.
That's all I eat.
Wow.
Four?
For a pregame meal?
Chicken and four baked sweet potatoes.
Yeah, that's all I eat. And then you're buzzing around at the speed you're buzzing around at.
Are you shitting me?
Yeah, and I have some snacks.
I try a lot of things.
I try to be pretty innovative, and people give me some advice.
I tried organic applesauce in between periods.
That didn't really work.
But Tice is...
What is this all based off of?
Your blood work and what you should be eating?
Yeah, I did some blood work, and I did some things that I'm...
I don't want to be going to nerd mode here, but things that...
Too late.
Yeah, but I think this is interesting, actually.
Yeah.
Same.
So, yeah, I did this blood work actually yeah so yeah i did this i did
this uh blood work and it shows everything that you're intolerant to and um i got set up with a
really smart nutritionist um that he analyzed my blood work and told me some things i should
should and should eat and everybody's body's different and and what i'll perform to better and
um you know he thinks uh you know pasta um know, makes your blood sugar drop and that makes you kind of feel tired.
And sweet potatoes kind of levels that out.
So you have more energy throughout the day.
So that's kind of why I switched.
Is there any food that you were told you shouldn't be eating anymore that you were like, no?
Yeah, it's just kind of like dairy, you know, a lot of ice.
Yeah, I love the sweets and, you know, some weird spices and stuff, but nothing crazy.
Ice cream flavor.
We asked Debrink at his favorite, and he's like, chocolate.
And I'm like, okay, this guy's a cereal killer.
Yeah, like Chicago.
Beware when you give him 65 million, he eats just chocolate ice cream.
Yeah, where do you hide the bodies, kid?
But what's your favorite flavor?
Cookie dough.
Yeah. Tyson and I, he loves dairy queen um he says if he ever wins a cup he'll eat some chocolate chip cookie dough to the order the
cup so he's a little chubster yeah i think growing up he was a little fat kid uh he slimmed he slimmed
a little bit now so you had just turned 18 18 when you were first time in the NHL.
Were you overwhelmed at all, or was it almost like ridiculous
that you were 18 playing against these guys you looked up to?
No, I was terrified.
I remember some of my teammates would probably find that hard to believe now.
I'm pretty comfortable in the room now, for sure.
But when I first came in, I was 18.
I was so so nervous i mean the you know you have
like captain skates before the before the actual training camp starts so i came in early and i and
i i got there really early and i did the workout we're supposed to do um and then everybody else
showed up so i just did the workout again i was so scared i want people to think i wasn't doing
the workout you know and i was just like i of the most scared this guy is with, like, everything.
He's just dominating life.
He's like, I got to do it again.
I'm not going to stop.
I remember that.
I'm like, Jesus, like, I don't want guys to think, you know, like, I was first overall.
I don't want guys to think that I don't do, you know, what everyone else does and not part of the team.
So I just did it again.
But I was just, I was terrified.
I remember that.
Yeah.
Your first moment, I ask this to a lot of guys remember that yeah your first no go ahead go your first
moment i asked this a lot of guys like your first like holy shit moment in the nhl like wow i'm this
is real yeah you ever get crushed that first year by anyone um well i said almost broke my ankles
actually there's a video um he did like a little stutter step and i like went i went flying it was
one of those he He broke my ankles.
That was kind of a welcome to the NHL.
It was my 12th game.
I remember Getzlaff saying congratulations to me.
I thought that was really amazing.
He's like, congrats.
It was actually my first game ever.
That's cool.
Yeah, really cool.
I was on my phone looking at the team's roster your first year
just because you were saying how scared you were.
Looking at this roster, there were some guys that had been in your situation uh duchesne a guy i
mean obviously some high draft picks like eric johnson so that probably helped ease you into it
and those guys were still fairly young young so they could kind of articulate that to you too no
yeah they they helped a lot i mean i think as the season started up, I got more comfortable than I was in training camp.
And I lived with Jagir my first year as well.
So that was awesome.
He was amazing.
Such a great guy.
I played with him for a year.
Unreal guy.
Unreal guy.
How about how much he sweats?
He sweats.
More than anyone I've ever seen?
He drinks like 15 Gatorades a day.
I remember every morning he'd crush like two of those big 700-milliliter Gatorades.
They're in the garage.
That actually sounds bad the way I said it.
I more meant in games, like he would be sweating.
Oh, yeah, no, he's always sweating, yeah.
Yeah, I'm not trying to call him off for like sweating in the bar or something.
I'll pound him in the ass because he's sweating his bag off.
Well, it's funny because you came in first overall pick and
most of the time there's not much success team-wise for those guys yeah and you were good you guys
made the playoffs you had a really good year and then instead of dealing with your first year then
you guys had the drop off yeah so those second and third years team-wise and even personally for you
must have been kind of hard right i mean I mean, people were probably questioning, you know, your game, what was going on with the Avalanche.
Like, who were you leaning on then?
And was it as hard as it maybe looked from the outside?
Yeah.
You know, we had a really good first year.
I personally had a pretty good year as a rookie.
And then I had three years in a row I was a pretty average player, you know.
I think I had, i had like 14 goals
my second year why is that like well can you i don't know i just it's tough to it's tough to
imagine that now getting 4 14 um you're like that's a month for me that would have been a
i mean i had seven in my career 200 200 games. No, but I was just
I just, you know, I
put a ton of pressure on myself. I'm a very
competitive guy and
I think the year we came last
was kind of a wake-up call. It was my
fourth, it was after my fourth season
and I'm watching guys like Matthews and McDavid
dominate, Marner,
you know,
just so many young, amazing players in the league.
Kucherov, I mean, I played junior against Kucherov.
I was better than him then.
And junior, I thought.
And then I'm watching all these guys put up 100 points, and I'm just hurt.
What the fuck's going on?
Yeah, for sure.
It's like, what is wrong with me?
I feel, as a hockey player, I'm trying to,
but you kind of judge yourself off of how you're playing hockey sometimes.
It's a dangerous thing to get into. You live your life based on how you're playing yeah you know
if you have a bad year then you think poorly of yourself as a human um and that can happen to a
lot of athletes i think and you know it's not right it shouldn't be like that but it was and
but anyways i was watching these guys dominate and i just kind of had to make a decision
um to take you know my
commitment to another level my mind to another level and and uh try to be the best player i
could be like what did that mean like diving into the diet side of things where that hadn't been
some of you done before maybe you know skating or training off the ice on ice sessions in the summer
yeah well actually i got a sports psychologist um in denver wow, I got a sports psychologist in Denver. Yep, I got a sports psychologist.
People who scoff at that stuff, it really amazes me.
Oh, no, it's unbelievable.
I needed it.
Like, I'm a hothead, you know?
Like, anybody that plays with me would say that.
Sometimes I let my emotions get the best of me.
I get very negative and down on myself.
And it's coming from a good place.
You know, I want to win, and I want to help my team and be the best that I can be um but it happens and you know I decided to get a sports
psychologist and and get more serious with um you know treatment and nutrition and everything that
comes along with it and I think when you do one thing you want to do everything really well and
you know it's it's been really helpful uh Did they give you the tools in order to maybe,
for you to be able to help yourself,
maybe say let's say you're on the road and you need something to,
what are those tools in order to calm things down?
Has it gotten to that level,
or do you have to frequent that sports psychologist the same amount of time?
Yeah, well, I think just staying present is a big thing that I struggle with.
You know, you have a bad game, you're like, oh, I might just staying present is a big thing that I struggle with. You know, you have a bad game.
You're like, oh, I might go four games without one.
And, you know, you feel like it can snowball.
But I'm just trying to stay in the moment and, you know, have different process goals for each game to make me stay present.
It's so crazy to hear a player at your level.
And it just proves how mental professional sports is
because no matter what, confidence can go very quickly.
But I'm wondering, you have those two tough years.
You change some things.
You look in the mirror.
Two years ago, you end up with 97 points, a huge breakout year.
In camp, were you like, something's different?
Did you know going in, I feel different than I ever have before?
Yeah, I had a good summer.
I did have a really good summer.
I felt like I had a really good preseason,
and then the season came around, I got tight again.
I wanted to do so well, and I got really tight.
I think I had like five points in my first ten games.
The year you got 97?
Yeah.
Wow.
I did.
I had one goal in my first ten games.
And I remember.
You're panicking at that point, man.
I was like, here we go again.
You know, this was supposed to be a big year for me.
I remember scoring my seventh game against Nashville, my first goal of the year.
And I told Tice, I'm like 1 of 12 this year.
You know, that's what I said to Tice in the huddle, like right away.
I was half kidding, but I was was like geez like at this pace um but then i kind of i kind of that's the first year i had the sports
psychologist so i just kind of stuck with what what we're talking about and just trying to stay
present and achieve my process goals and just you know doing little things that make me successful
and um it started working and i remember i I had 2-1 against Chicago at home,
and that was kind of the turning point.
And Halloween, I remember on Halloween,
a couple of my buddies up from here came up to watch me play.
I had 2-1, and I started feeling it from there.
And then you put your Crosby costume on and went to the Halloween party.
Yeah, exactly.
Patrick Raw was your first coach, first NHL coach.
What was he like as a coach?
Did you have any coaches like him before in your career?
Well, I have no professional career.
No, no.
I mean, he was  I owe a lot to Patty.
He drafted me.
You know, I don't know.
I think they  my draft year wasn't like a consensus.
It was you or Seth Jones.
I kind of remember.
Yeah, Seth Jones. Like Barkov was in that draft. He't like a consensus. You were Seth Jones, I kind of remember.
Yeah, Seth Jones. Barkoff was in that draft. He's an amazing player.
So it was kind of between the three of us, I think.
But it was a lot to do with me and Seth.
They easily could have went with him, and he's a monster now.
So it wouldn't have been a bad choice.
All three of those picks?
Yeah. You literally couldn't argue?
Yeah, for sure.
I think any selection, but obviously I'm happy where I am.
But Patty, yeah, he was intense for sure.
Really smart hockey mind, and his passion is something I've never seen.
I didn't really want to get away from this talk.
This is nice getting an in-depth look at maybe the struggles.
It amazes me that it's like the highest level players.
Kids are listening at home, and it can happen to anyone. And the funniest thing you say is that you scored that first goal, and you're still like, highest level players. Everyone's listening. The kids are listening at home. And it's like it can happen to anyone.
And the funniest thing you say is that you scored that first goal and you're still like, fuck.
It's just one though.
And it went off like it was supposed to be a high tip.
It was a power play goal.
It was supposed to be a pass and it hit there.
Yossi skating went in.
So I didn't even really score it.
I was just like, wow, that's my first one.
Were you getting the feeling inside of like first
round our first overall bust yeah no for sure come on which is petrifying man i don't know i
don't know like bust as in like out of the league i was still getting like 50 to 60 points you're
saying not a superstar yeah like i wanted to be i wanted to i didn't i honestly never thought i
would i remember coming into my fifth year when I was up for the heart.
I was like, if I get 70, I'll be pumped.
I'm thinking like 65.
That might be where I am as a player.
65 to 80 point guy, hopefully.
I honestly thought that.
It's not like a movie.
People watch these inspirational movies too much and think like, oh, it's like, oh, I came in and I and i to get 100 and i did like i didn't think i could i honestly didn't i didn't
i thought i was 65 70 would be good for me and that'd be a solid player and um but i also was
scared of being a bust i mean i went first overall i was labeled the next sydney crosby my whole life
um which was a lot of pressure for sure.
But, you know, I wanted to be a top player in the league,
but I didn't know if I could really get there.
And, you know, once I feel like after that season,
you never really want to go back down.
Damn, is there no doubt in your mind now?
You're like, I'm going to that fucking league
and I'm top five now, baby.
Do you got that?
I don't know about my ranking.
Well, it has to be these two years have shown.
I am there.
I put you right below McDavid now.
No offense to Sid.
He told Sid he was right below McDavid the first interview.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Whoever's in the seat next to me, I'm stroking off.
I said that to fucking Tyson Nash last week when I interviewed him.
Well, all right. So this year, not to bring up a last week when I interviewed him.
Well, all right.
So this year, not to bring up a sore subject, but 99 points. Dude, how many little fucking things could have happened for that?
Like how many posts did you hit just to miss that century mark?
Yeah, it's just.
You're a loser.
You're a loser.
I remember Marci, Brad Marshall.
We skate together. And we have a group chat You're a loser. I remember Marshy, Brad Marsha. We skate together.
And we have a group chat, like our summer skate.
It's like me, Sid, Marshy, Odie.
Give a shout out to Sean O'Donoghue.
He'll love that.
A few other guys are in the group chat.
And he hit 100, like three games left.
And then I don't think he played after that.
So he hit 100 and shut it down.
He's like, Nate, you better get 100.
I'll be all over you.
How many games left with 99 how many for me how many games left were in the
year when you got 99 uh just one so it was like and i was we were in i'm like i'm like i don't
know if i want to play like you know like i don't want to be that guy to try to get 100 and joe
sakic was like he's like i think he said like he had to get the scoring and Joe Sackick was like, he's like, I think he said, like,
he had to get the scoring record once, and he got two in the first period,
then shut her down for the rest of the game.
Like, one of the best players ever.
Okay, I'll go try.
I scored in the second, and then the boys were just feeding me, like, in the third.
It was almost embarrassing.
I'm sorry.
You had 98 going into the last game.
Sorry.
Yeah, I had 98.
Oh, yeah.
No, I'm sorry. i'm not a math guy
either no but i'm just thinking i didn't know if you needed one no i needed a little different i
needed two right so i'm like like do i even do i even try but i got one in this in the second that's
uh the quebec major junior league education kicking yeah no thank god it worked out for
that's the quebec major junior league the guy just trying to get his own individual numbers.
Yeah, you fucking Quebec guys.
It's all about the stats.
Tyson Berry, another one here.
He told me to ask you about...
We should have just had him on.
When you first started golf and you were dog shit,
and if anyone laughed at you and you hit a bad shot,
you would go berserk.
Yeah.
So embarrassing. He said you almost fought one of your assistant coaches. berserk so embarrassing
he said you almost
fought one of your
assistant coaches
let's go
let's go
who the fuck was it
who was it
we gotta hear this
whole story
I can be a bit of a
psychopath
and part one of the
question is
me O'Reilly and
Tice would always
I mean when I came
to the league
Factor was
was 22 years old
what a nickname the fact daddy yeah just a weapon like everything this O'Reilly and Tice would always, I mean, when I came to the league, Factor was 22 years old.
What a nickname.
The Fact Daddy, yeah.
Just a weapon.
Like, everything this guy did was best style, like, best hair.
He's got a cool guitar.
He's a Scotty Upshaw.
With the Conn Smythe. With the Conn Smythe.
Yeah.
He's just such a cool guy.
But anyways, me and T Tyson hit it off right away.
So we'd go golf, and I was horrible.
But I thought I wasn't as bad as I  every golfer is pretty
You always think you're better than you are at golf.
For sure.
And I was so competitive that I wanted to pure one every shot.
And whenever I'd shank when the boys would start laughing, I'd fucking lose it.
I'd try to fight Tyson back there
I was like shut your mouth
So then they're just rooting for you to shank when you win
But not like joking fighting
Like legit
A wires cross
I was going to violence
Yeah
And then with Dave
Dave Farish
And Tyson Berry and I golfed together
As our assistant coach
I played for Dave Farish Did you play for the Farish wheel? Sorry, assistant coach. I played for Dave Farish.
Did you play for the Farish wheel?
He was assistant in Anaheim when I was there.
Yeah, exactly.
Coached the D, too.
He's a great guy.
He's such an awesome dude.
Go ahead, Biz.
Well, no, I was going to hop in.
Now it all comes back to me.
Maybe when you power slammed Tyson Berry overseas,
maybe it was him getting back to him for making fun of the golf swing.
That's not confirmed.
I don't know. I don't remember that incident.
Okay, sorry. Go back to the golf story.
I don't know what you're talking about. We'll get to the other one later.
I don't know if I can even tell that.
I don't think Tyson would care.
And the golf one.
I'm sorry. No, no, you're good. I'm just thinking
about that horrific event.
So, yeah, I teed off and i whatever i chunked one of the woods or the pond and dave was talking to my back
dave i don't know if you know who you're golfing with sir
okay so i just started screaming at our assistant coach i'm like don't talk about
fucking backswing, Dave.
Dave is like the nicest guy ever.
So he just starts laughing.
And Tice is like, are you seriously yelling at our coach right now?
We're going to play golf after this.
I'm already just like, okay, we're not playing any music this round.
Grab another ball.
I mean, I don't care if I talk at someone's backswing.
I mean, I'm just like, hey, sorry, my bad.
Tee up another one.
I know, and I think that's the year I had 12 tucks so i was actually a little fiery a little more irritable yeah what do you got for him all right i want to ask actually about one of your other teammates
miko ranton i think he's been somewhat of a revelation the last couple years yeah somewhat
of a high pick but a lot of fans didn't really realize he was this good did you know he was
going to be this good at some point um you never really know, but I remember seeing him for the first time,
and he's 6'4", 225, just a horse and an amazing guy too.
Those Finns are all pretty good guys.
I've never played with a bad Finn or a Swede for that matter,
but he is amazing.
He's an amazing player to play with, and he makes my life really easy.
He eats those tough pucks down low and protects them.
He's so good.
So I'm so lucky to play with him.
Yeah, that's the thing about your line.
You get three guys.
I mean, if you put one of these on any other line,
you would probably have success, too.
And to put all three together, man, it's a fabulous line you got going there.
Yeah, it's kind of similar to the Bergeron line in Boston, I think.
I think we have three guys that do something different,
bring something different to the table, and it works. Yeah, I think. I think we have three guys that do something different, bring something different
to the table,
and it works.
Yeah, good point.
What was crazy about Rotten
is he was in the American League
for like half the year.
He played a full year, yeah.
He was up and down
a little bit, I believe, correct?
Yeah, he played like
eight, nine games, yep.
And then the next year,
you could tell he had
a bit of a breakout,
but this past year,
that was fucking nuts.
Yeah, he was leading the league in points for the first four months of the season, I this past year, that was fucking nuts. He was leading the league in points
for the first four months of the season,
I think. Then our whole team kind of
got cold. We had a horrible... I think we won
four games in 27.
I was all over you guys.
I'm like, what are these guys doing?
Costing me a killing.
Yeah, I think they cost me some money.
We all got cold, but Mikko could have won
the scoring title this year.
It was just a disaster for a. We all got cold, but Mikko could have won the scoring title this year.
It was just a disaster for a bit of the second half, but he's amazing.
He's way faster than he looks, huh?
Yeah.
Like on TV, it's very smooth.
He's big, almost Malkin-like.
I feel like a lot of big guys are deceivingly fast.
Their legs aren't going a million miles an hour, so it doesn't look like it.
But he's got no flaws.
He's special.
He told me to ask you about, Tyson Barry
did, about when you
jumped on, when he tried to jump on
Tyson Barry's yacht in the middle
of the night in Cairns, the film
festival. Cairns? Is it called
Cairns, Cairns?
The Cairns film festival. The Carolina
Hurricanes film festival.
Oh, that's gorgeous. That's the best one. The fact that that just happened is is too perfect because we can't re-record that one.
I love you, Biz.
Okay, well, how do you say it?
It's con.
Con, all right.
Not even cons, but that's pain.
Yeah.
So I was at, I don't know, like late.
It was like late.
And pitch black outside.
We went to the con film festival um and it was a big crew of us and uh it was me sid braden shen tyson berry roman
yosi wow just a bunch of weapons holy roman yosi's a stud stud absolutely such an amazing guy awesome guy
um and sid's uh buddy mike chase on killer um and i tried jumping on the yacht like there's
like a they close like the uh what's it like a the pier the bridge yeah a little bridge a little
bridge to the yacht from the i don't know sid what do you call the like you know like the from the walkway to the
yacht like the little bridge anyways they put that up so people can't just walk on your yacht at night
so i tried jumping from this is at like four in the morning i tried i tried jumping from the
walkway or boardwalk to the yacht and i fell in the water oh And I had a couple of drinks.
And I don't know.
Shocker.
Yeah, it's weird.
And I remember my head was hitting the rope and I was just in this daze in the ocean in France
and I didn't know where I was.
It's four in the morning.
Four in the morning.
Jason Borg.
Like loaded.
I was loaded.
And then I walk into Tyson's room.
I'm like soaking wet.
He's like, what are you doing?
Where are you coming from?
Yeah, like, what are you?
He was like, he thought I was like, he's going to kill him or something.
Jason Bourne is actually perfect.
Floating around in cons.
Or as Biz called it, canes.
I'm just lucky I didn't do the Carolina Hurricanes.
What was the reason all you guys were in cons?
Was there a particular movie that you were there for, or was it a vacation?
No, I didn't even know why we even  I didn't even know anything back then.
I still don't, but we were playing world championships together,
and we just wanted to do a vacation.
We were already in Prague.
Prague's a pretty good spot, too.
Is that team Sid was on?
You guys won?
Yeah, we won.
Yeah, we won that.
We had an amazing team.
Brent Burns, Giroux, Sid, Hall, Eberle, Dutchey, Spezza.
Oh, really?
Yeah, it was like a mini Olympic team.
In Prague.
In Prague, yeah.
What a city.
What a city that Prague is.
Another one from Tyson Berry.
He also thinks he's gangsta.
All he listens to is hip hop.
His nickname's The Dog.
Two G's.
And then you said you have a little rapper nickname for Sidney Crosby.
Yeah, Lil' Cros is what we all call him.
Lil' Cros.
Oh my God.
Inject that.
Rinelli, print the t-shirts. Lil' Cros. Print' Krozz Lil' Krozz Oh my god Inject that Rinelli
Print the t-shirts
Lil' Krozz
Print the fucking t-shirts
Oh the people listening to this
They're just
Picturing your
Summer skate group chat
Of you
Marsha
Sid
They're just like
Get me in that
How do we see that
There's rumors
I mean
Apparently there was a rumor
Of Tyson Berry
Potentially getting moved
To Vancouver
I mean man This guy's one of your best friends.
Like when you heard that, you must have been a little bit rattled.
Yeah, I mean, we're really close.
And I don't know what's going to happen.
I hope he stays for the rest of my career.
He's an amazing player.
It's not easy to get 60 points as a D-man, 50 to 60 every year.
Well, he snapped out.
I know, I'm his agent.
I think he's getting 10 million.
Yeah, he's worth it.
Oh, it's up to 10 now you got him at?
Yeah, I got him at.
He's worth it.
He's worth it.
He's a special player.
And, you know, Tice, he's one of the funniest guys you meet.
You can emcee any wedding.
I think he's going to have the record for the most best mans.
We try to plan a trip this summer, like a golf trip we do every year.
And he's like, oh, I'm the best man at this wedding, that wedding, every weekend.
Oh, he's a wedding guy? Tyson Barry is
such a solid human being.
So generous, just
salt of the earth.
I've gotten to know him a little bit.
Humble brag. I understand that
you're a fellow thespian. You've done a little acting
I've read. Martin?
That's why you were so good when we did
that thing with TSN last year.
Oh, the...
We did some little...
Oh, in Vegas?
Oh, yeah.
It was Sportsnet.
Yeah, yeah.
Sportsnet.
Yeah, you're the...
And Pasha, my right-hand man who videos most of my stuff, we noticed.
I'm like, this guy's pretty natural in front of the camera.
Like, we could have probably gotten more out of him.
When did you act?
I did...
Did you hear of Mr. D with Jerry D?
It was on Netflix.
Yeah, he's the Canadian comedian.
So he's really funny.
He's actually big into golf, too.
Very funny.
Yeah, great.
He's from, I think he's from Toronto, but went to school in Antigonish, and he married
a girl from around here.
So he films in Halifax.
Oh.
That show every summer.
So I went on it two or three times, which was awesome.
And then I went on the Trailer Park Boys twice now.
And I used to, off seasons were a little,
I didn't dial in as much as I used to.
Yeah, we were going over those stats.
You had 50 points and stuff.
Now you're 99.
When I did that, I was like 218.
I was a unit.
If you want to go check out the first cameo at the Trailer Park Boys.
What are you now?
I'm like 195.
No shit.
You were that much heavier.
You did a Keith Yandel.
I remember Keith Yandel.
He was like 250, though.
Yeah, he was like a bowling ball.
He looked like R.A.
He was R.A.
That was an absolute ricochet shot right there.
Shot right to the face. Ricochet shot right there. Shot right to the face.
Sorry about that.
Ricochet shot right there.
See, I did the Trailer Park Boys twice, and those guys are hilarious.
They're all from, like, Coal Harbor.
Oh, that's right.
They're, like, they're local guys.
Because Americans don't, they don't even really get to see it, I don't think, as much.
Like, it's not nearly as big there, but it's hilarious.
What was your role in the Trailer Park Boys?
They did, like, a hockey camp, and I forget what the first one was, but the second was, like, boys? They did a hockey camp.
I forget what the first one was,
but the second was an animation and they kidnapped me to play in their trailer park.
They're playing against the Moncton Mudslides.
It's on Netflix.
If you want to go check it out.
That'll get some views.
We'll give you guys a little boost.
Make sure we get some residual money off of that.
Oh, let me do an ad read.
Live ad read. Oh, Jesus. I residual money off of that. Oh, let me do an ad read. Live ad read.
Oh, Jesus. I'm the woman of children.
Oh, Jesus.
Okay. Here, one sec here.
Bear with me. Is this CCM?
Have you always been CCM?
Yeah, since like my second year junior.
Hey, I was sponsored by CCM too. We knew you and Sid.
Think they'll get me some skates? Biz, I haven't laced up in a while.
I think they may hook me up. We're going to get you some skates.
We're going to get you Core 80K
Skate. The new Rib Core
80K Skates were designed for the
most creative players on the
ice, like R.A. with the
dopeness system. With
flex frame technology and a new
ADPT memory
foam, this skate delivers
superior stability, flexibility, and comfort,
allowing players to master their edges and keep their opponents guessing.
With the new quick-release Speed Blade XS holder, not even a blade change can slow them down.
The Ribcord ADK Skate.
And let's hope the dope comment doesn't piss CCM off and we can just keep on rolling.
It's legal here.
Cannabis.
You mean cannabis, not anything else.
You definitely started because Sid wore all CCM.
You're like, I'm wearing all CCM.
Well, he was Reebok, I think.
But it's the same thing.
Same thing.
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess.
I guess the skates were actually Reeboks for a while.
They were, yeah.
They weren't just CCM, but now it's all the same.
What else you got to ask him, R.A.? You got to have some questions in that laptop while. They were, yeah. They weren't just CCM, but now it's all the same. What else you got to ask him,
R.A.?
You got to have some questions
in that laptop of yours.
Yeah, absolutely.
Denver's a city.
I think that kind of flies
under the radar sports-wise,
even though there are
four major sports there.
What's your experience
been like playing there so far?
Yeah, it's awesome.
Go to Bronco games,
Rocky games,
Nugget games.
You sit courtside?
I do, yeah.
You do?
Our owners own the Nug the nuggets so they give us tickets
they're like well we got you got me on a fair deal you better be fucking giving me courtsides buddy
i'm only making five most underpaid player in pro sports so uh yeah give me courtside season
tickets please yeah so it's great i mean the fans are you know it was tough you know we had a tough
decade as an organization but they're coming back now so we're sold at every game it's it's been great nice some very bright times actually for the
abs you know you end up getting the really high pick this year when you wouldn't have gotten it
without the duchesne trade so for you you got to be looking at like dude our window's just starting
to open yeah all of our top players are 26 and under and you know with that kale mccarr is
unbelievable unbelievable this guy.
I couldn't believe how good he was.
I remember, like, our first game, I think he came in in game three at home
and morning skate.
And I just, like, usually I don't really stay out there long,
but I just, like, sat on the bench and, like, watched him, like,
do, like, blue line shooting the way he moved on the blue line.
It was amazing.
He looks exactly like Eric Carlson, a 21-year-old Eric Carlson.
Wow.
High praise.
He flies around.
That's a stroke off if I've ever seen one.
He's going to be an amazing player.
I'm not implying you need any improvement,
but what part of your game do you think might need any improvement?
I think my down-low game.
He's like paycheck size No no on the ice
On the ice
Is that a Jamie Benn
Is that a Jamie Benn
Reference
Yeah that's a Jamie Benn reference
You're like nah man
Fuck that tongue game 100 baby
Yeah me and Lil Kross
You know
Late D-O-double-G Yo yo yo Yo I'm getting noggin baby Yeah, fuck that. Tongue game 100, baby. Yeah, me and Lil' Kross, you know.
I'm the late D-O-double-G.
Yo, yo, yo.
Yo, I'm getting noggin', baby. I don't need to improve shit.
Fuck that, baby.
What are you talking about, Ray?
I'm already perfect.
D-O-double-G.
Well, dude, thank you so much, man, for joining us.
This has been great.
I mean, Biz.
What do you mean?
He didn't even answer the question.
What was it?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
Oh, I thought it was.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What do you got to improve? Download game. That's how the joke started the ph levels were off yeah i couldn't play that he
had pasta that day yeah no i just just watch and sit how well he protects the puck i'll never get
to that level but if i can do anything like that i'd be pretty happy and that's what we work on a
lot in the offseason oh let's say Let's think of some Sid stories that you can
tell just to get him going.
How mad does he get on the ice in the summer
if he isn't dominating?
There's some
near fights for sure.
We're always on different teams, three on three.
Then Marshy picks
his own team. He's such a rat.
He stirs the pot on both teams.
He's exactly how you'd think.
Like, the whole time he's just chirping everybody on the ice.
Like, just carving everybody.
If you lose a puck, he's all over you.
If he snipes, he's, like, you know, like, showing everybody.
But he's an awesome guy.
I love being around Marshy.
He's an awesome guy.
You guys have a group chat where, let's say, he licks a guy's face you guys are all like marshy what are you doing like like what's going on in these
groups they're the only guys that aren't surprised yeah yeah like just well i think nobody's surprised
what he does anymore but no he uh we're just chirping each other all the time and you know
we have a lot of fun now well there's some guys chirp about like the end the way his team season ended is that something you know that's a little low
bro no that's yeah no i think i'll just get ripped about getting 99 and how he got 100
i'm not looking forward to tamar she just carving me sid's kind of sitting out of the picture here
any questions you have for nate that you'd want him to answer on this podcast maybe put him on the spot it's your specialty
oh yesterday oh just yesterday okay let's fly the psychologist no it turns out it actually
fly the psychologist bring it up in here this guy's off his fucking meds he's actually the
one who threw the spin doctor when sid originally got the club. Well, to actually jump onto that story, he thought the spin doctor was totally fine the whole time he was using it.
And it had teeth.
He was in the fescue at Oakmont.
He sucked it back three feet for a tap-in birdie.
I tried fighting him on 17 green.
I was so pissed.
But, yeah, yesterday I had enough. birdie i'm like i tried fighting him on 17 green i was so pissed but oh but yeah yesterday i was
just i had enough and what is it like miss net or a loss or what what makes you chuck your stick
you just had 99 points and it's june yeah so like we do this drill where loser has to
do like a down and back and i did like two in a row already,
so I had to do a third, and I just lost.
I chucked my stick in the mesh, and I made a scene.
There's like fans watching me and stuff.
I'm ashamed after, but I'm not really thinking about it. So you're a bit of a snapshot,
but you're well aware of it and working on it.
Yeah, no, I'm definitely aware.
Yeah, I'm not in denial about my temper.
That's for sure.
Well, buddy, that was perfect.
This, of course, was brought to you by CCM,
a company that sponsored myself,
David McKinnon, and Sidney Crosby,
all paid sponsors, by the way.
Sponsorships, I should say.
Just waiting for my call from Tim Hortons.
Your sticks are in the mail.
But thank you for doing this.
This is incredible.
A lot of great insight,
some things I didn't know about you.
And I think that wraps things up
for our trip out east.
Yeah, Halifax. What a city. Great town.
I dominated this place during
World Juniors. Not on the ice. And once
again, thank you to the stubborn goat
for setting up this beautiful
room for us to get this
audio and video.
So, thanks Nate. Yeah, thanks for having me.
Dog. That interview was also brought to you by Manscaped.
Manscaped is number one in men's below-the-belt grooming.
It offers precision-engineered tools for your family jewels.
And listen, boys, we've all been there.
You've got to trim it up once in a while.
You don't want to look like you're walking around with Jimmy Snooker
and leg scissors.
Women don't want it.
You want to keep your balls and your pubic area nice and trim.
I've had some instances where it raises, man.
The last thing you want to do is get a four-minute double minor
for drawing blood down there.
It's not good.
That's why you want Manscaped.
It has the redesigned electric trimmer, the Lawn Mower 2.0,
with proprietary skin-safe technology,
so this trimmer won't nick or snag your nuts.
There's nothing worse than that.
Manscaping accents are finally a thing of the past.
Don't use the same trimmer as your face as you use on your balls either. That's just plain old nasty. Manscaped also has the crop preserver. It's an anti-chafing ball deodorant and moisturizer.
Boys, in the summertime, there's nothing worse than when you got a Mississippi river running
down your legs, then you start getting fucking jock itch, all that stuff. Not good. You already
put deodorant on your armpits.
Why you not put it on your smelliest part of your body?
Your nuggets, all right?
You can also get 20 off and free shipping with the code CHICKLETS at manscaped.com.
Always use the right tools for the job.
Your balls will thank you.
And right now, you get 20 off and free shipping with the code CHICKLETS at manscaped.com.
That's 20 off with free shipping at manscaped.com use the code chicklets thank you very much to nathan mckinnon one of the game's
young superstars incredible that he's played this long in the league already but i had to bring up
a story that as we were driving a golf after the n dog was like, Oh my God, I forgot this.
I fuck. I should have told the choice at all. I'll tell it for you. Just fill me in, fill me in.
So this goes back to a, as biz likes to call it, the cans film festival, uh, the con film festival
that Nate talked about. But, uh, one of the nights they were there, they were lucky enough to somehow get on to the Redskins owner's yacht.
And the reason that they were on that yacht was for the Sicario premiere party, which was going on at the Cannes Film Festival.
So he's there with Braden Shen and all the other guys.
And Braden Shen, you know, we've never heard anything but great things about this guy.
Funny bastard, apparently.
Well, he's hanging out on the boat and he's having a time.
And you can imagine the A-list celebrities that, you know,
the Redskins owners vote for Sicario premiere party.
And in the fact that he's sitting there and just doesn't know that much about
where he's at or what he's doing makes this even better.
So while, you know, while having a couple of drinks and hanging out there,
McKinnon tells me Shen gets to chatting with Josh Brolin. Well, Shannon doesn't, has no clue who Josh Brolin is,
who for people who don't know is one of the stars of Sicario one and two, an incredible actor,
by the way, handsome devil as well. So Shen's sitting there and he's shooting shit with them.
So Shen's sitting there and he's shooting shit with him.
And he's like, so what do you do?
Brolin's like, I'm an actor.
Shen says, oh, you get anything I've ever seen?
Yeah, I'm in the fucking movie that's the reason you're on this yacht right now.
Just to have no clue who Josh Brolin is at a party for his movie and to ask if he's ever been in a movie he's ever seen is so good.
And I think he probably would have told it better than I could have,
but still I had to write that one down when we were driving to golf.
Thank you for watching that, by the way.
We did kick their ass.
Hey, did they not make it sound like they kind of took over the party though and they were kind of
just running amok in there that's such a hockey guy thing though you go to a party with like five
guys on your team and all of a sudden you guys are the show in there that is how they're just
yeah they're like who are these mutants do you guys hire these guys as entertainers they're like
wait these guys don't know a thing they're just laughing with each other about everything.
They're crushing drinks.
Who are these mutants?
What other hockey news or any hockey news?
Very little bit.
I think this might have been the quietest week for news all summer.
I mean, Iowa's fans like Frankie Borelli are happy.
The Iowa's are finally going to get a new arena,
although I wouldn't be so sure until it actually happens.
The Empire State Development Board approved a 1.3 billion project to build a new arena
for the team.
It's going to be a 19,000-seat arena in Belmont Park on Long Island.
It's going to have shops, a hotel, the whole rigmarole.
The Islanders will begin play there in two years if all goes well.
Given the history I play, that's a big if.
In the meantime, they will play 12 regular season games at Nassau
next season and even more than 12
the following season so
yeah they're going to finally get that arena they've been waiting a long
time for hopefully the Coyotes get theirs
soon enough we just mentioned
Robert Lane they fucked his trophy up I have
that my Islanders group of news
and also speaking of contracts
GM Don Waddell re-ups with Carolina
for three years Carolina owner Tom Dundon has this kind of business philosophy where basically every he likes everybody
in a contract yeah he's not big on contracts uh he said if it's important to them we'll sign them
with uh other other employees in the front office i guess uh he did let waddell go talk to the wild
went on a date with them basically let him fill up, but he ultimately went home with the Canes.
Hey, Pudge Rodriguez got thrown out at second.
Yeah, exactly.
Gunned down.
And, Biz, this is something I didn't know.
The NHL bylaws state that a team must have a general manager in place by the end of August.
So Carolina really had to get them to comply with bylaws.
Yeah, yeah.
I didn't know that.
Wow.
I wonder if he was aware of that and he kind of had some leverage considering it,
would they probably just have named someone GM like part-time or something
to come?
You could slap an interim label on someone just to comply.
But,
but yeah,
it was what I'll get three years,
which,
you know,
gives him a little bit of security instead of this year to year stuff that
his owner prefers.
And,
and speaking of Islanders as well,
Joshua Marshall tweeted this one out.
This could be false.
I don't know.
I'm just going to read you the tweet, and this is very interesting.
Per League Source out of New York says the Isles are getting ready to offer sheet
Maple Leafs right winger Mitch Marner at seven years, 91 million,
AAV of 13 million.
Marner's camp, excuse me, I'm having a hard time reading again, guys.
Shocker.
Wants to do a five-year deal at 13 million according to LeagueSource.
We shall see where this goes.
So, holy shit.
So, I thought a Marner offer sheet was out of the question.
I didn't think it was going to happen.
We might actually see one.
What do the Leafs do if they end up tossing that five years 13 million at them?
Because Islanders have a shit ton of cap space, do they not? Although they will
have to re-up their golden boy, their
Barzell, after this
season. I think
Toronto's matching anything he gets.
13 million?
They're going to have to shed guys off the team.
Imagine that
fucking city and
dealing with that media if they didn't
match it.
They're trying to win now.
This is their window, and all of a sudden they're losing this guy for draft picks?
You know what's crazy is it's just the Leafs' luck that all of a sudden they get their guys, they put everything in place,
and yeah, what if they do match it and it's five years?
It's probably that their window now has gotten a lot smaller than it should have
based on how well they drafted.
So I don't know.
I'm not saying they're going to be shit
because they still have some good guys on the bloodline,
but holy cow, man, this is crazy times for the Leafs, man.
So, Biz, if you're a Marner and you've done what he's done,
I mean, he's just dominated since he came to the league.
There's no other way to put it.
But if they offer him eight years 88 million right now if you're him are you not taking that
for the Leafs for Marner what if the Leafs offered him that yeah I mean I mean I don't know
I'm not saying they're they are or aren't I mean if I'm Marner of course I signed that but I don't
I don't know if that's going to be the offer so i don't know so so uh i wonder what they think about him truly i mean
they not all right he can get an eight-year deal all right say say then they come with them at eight
years nine and a half a year so what's that like 76 million roughly i was saying that was because
like i think that was an unbelievable offer that you were presenting but i think this guy's looking for for if he's doing an eight-year deal he wants
like 12 where it's just like man we're not we can't like what are you talking about that's my
point like dude you're even if he signs it even if he were to get an eight-year deal from the leafs
i mean what's the difference between 71 and 86 million?
It's like at some point you're just like, all right, I want to be here.
I'm from here.
It's just weird to see how this is all going down.
And I have no idea what he's gotten or the offer he's been given.
I'm just thinking about it.
Listen, incredible player, but you're now the golden boy that if you're going to get that greedy about things,
you're going to put your team in a situation where they can't win
because they're paying a few guys so much money, which we all know, man,
if you don't have other guys getting the job done and pulling the rope,
very difficult to bring your team all the way to the finals.
Now you need everybody tugging the rope.
And all these guys aren't signed.
We brought up the list a couple weeks ago.
None of them have signed.
So how many lock  it's a different time now it really is very different
where players have a lot of control and and man like i like seeing the guys get paid but it's
almost getting a little too greedy is it not it's just early it's not i'm not gonna say greedy it's
just so early that it that it makes everyone's opinions change a little bit,
for the good or the bad.
Do you know what I'm saying about that?
Like, Ari, I'll toss it to you.
You're saying, like, okay, if it's Jonathan Taves and Patrick Kane and you've already brought them, you know, three championships, yeah,
give them  overpay them a little bit because they've already brought the noise.
Whereas these kids haven't even proven anything.
I mean, yeah, Marner had an unbelievable season last year, last year but guys we're not talking about guys that have proven themselves in order to
you know lead their teams to championships all of a sudden now you're making those big
bucks of pressures on like we haven't got an enormous sample size we've gotten a nice one
so it should be interesting all right i can't help but think of the quote sid said last week
you know taking less doesn't work if everyone doesn't do it.
And that's, you know, he obviously was talking specifically about the Penguins,
but, you know, you could look at that as like Toronto should take heed with that because, you know, you've got four guys who want to get what they're worth
and they want to get what they probably do, maybe not do,
but what they should get paid on the market.
But, again, if you've got four guys maxing out, how are you going to win?
And just to go back to that report, rumor biz it is a rumor not knocking the guy he's uh i think he said at j marshal bosco 93
you know he's a podcast host i i don't know if he's broken any story before and you know it is
worth noting that it's not being reported anywhere else so we'll definitely keep our eye on it but
you know right now it's just kind of a rumor in twitter land yeah so i got yeah i mentioned that
earlier on but i but you talked about it
and you referenced that Sidney Crosby quote.
It starts with the top.
If the top-end guy doesn't, the other top-end guy in the team is going to be like,
well, he didn't take a deal, so why should I?
And rightfully so, but Toronto fans, I sympathize for you a little bit
because there was a lot of bad years there. Now you got
your guys, and I don't know if you're going to be able to keep them all. Hey, fellas, real quick,
I want to talk to you for a second about NHTSA. From August 14th through September 2nd of 2019,
cops across the U.S. will be increasing enforcement on impaired drivers. You know,
you knew the risk of driving drunk. There could be a crash. People could get hurt or killed.
You could get arrested, incur huge legal expenses, and possibly even lose your job. You knew the consequences of
driving drunk, and you were wrong when you said it was no big deal. So drive sober or get pulled
over. Hashtag is hashtag drive sober. Once again, drive sober or get pulled over. You don't want to
end up in the clink. And Dougie Armstrong, what a summer he's having. He wins the Stanley Cup,
then he gets a hole and won it. Cabot Cliffs.
That's the course from Nova
Scotia, right, Wits?
Cabot Cliffs? Cabot Links,
I think is the name of it.
I had a couple buddies
that just came back. There's two courses
there, the Cliffs and the Links course,
but I think Cabot Links is the name of
the whole facility. like this is as world-class as you can get this is golf golfing in ireland
scotland this is like pebble beach of the east coast and for being uh from boston and having
halifax be about an hour and 10 minute flight and then it's a three-hour drive from there
i can't wait to get up there but all the guys up there right now with that Doug Armstrong group,
John Butchgross, Darren Pang, a bunch of hockey guys,
they go on a yearly trip.
They're probably enjoying it as much as anyone else has.
And everyone who comes back has rave reviews.
My boys were up there, and they had like a  one of the nights,
they ended up in like a local fire station, or it was like a fire hall,
and they're all boozing
in there people from the town are in there it's kind of their bar hangout so i think it's just a
really cool spot for being up there in the summer and it's a short season that's their only downfall
but i i gotta get up there next year yeah maybe that's alfax i didn't go just shows how much of
a fucking professional i am with this podcast maybe uh maybe we can go there for a rematch against Sid and Nate
considering we're going to need one.
And R.A., I guess we should launch things
off for Kangaroo Court. I'll let you take
the stand as our
judge.
Yeah.
Little people's court.
Yeah, we got a little Kangaroo
Court. Paul Biznasty
Bissonette is accused of being a sandbagger.
He was playing a two-on-two, Biz and Witt versus Nathan McKinnon and Sidney Crosby.
I'm not extremely familiar with handicapping, but Biz, you are being accused of misrepresenting what your actual handicap is,
because when you played, you were kind of lights out.
So you're accused of being a sandbagger.
How do you plead, Paul? Not guilty. Not guilty. Okay, Ryan, you were kind of lights out. So you're accused of being a sandbag. How do you plead, Paul?
Not guilty.
Not guilty.
Okay, Ryan, you're witness number one.
Let's hear it.
What's the case against you?
I'm not even a witness.
I'm the fucking lawyer on the other side.
Would that make me the prosecuting attorney?
All right.
Yes.
Pretty good on that one, Ryan.
Thanks for coming and watching Law  Order.
I don't know.
He's buzzing early. Oh, shit here. Here's the issue that we're that one, Ryan. Thanks for coming and watching Law  Order. I'm always buzzing early.
Oh, shit here.
Here's the issue that we're dealing with, folks.
A lot of times when I play golf with really, really good golfers,
I play golf with some professional golfers,
they'll say to you or me, they'll say, be an athlete.
Like, dude, be an athlete.
Like, you played in the NHL.
So with biz, that's a big part of it.
And this is a guy who not only played professional hockey, Like he played in the NHL. So with biz, that's a big part of it.
And this is a guy who not only played professional hockey,
which, yeah, is a completely different sport,
but he's in amazing shape.
He's flexible.
He's played golf.
Flexible.
Excuse me.
You do yoga 17 times a week.
So, yeah, I'm assuming you're fucked.
You guys doing something else?
I'm not aware about it.
Kangaroo court starting out.
So this is a guy who's played golf.
He has a swing.
He knows how to hit the ball.
Immediately then, you're not a 20 handicap, okay?
That pretty much says, like, oh, if I play golf once in a while and I played in the NHL and I'm an athletic guy,
you're like, say, a 16 and we'll give you.
Well, then Biz comes out.
His swing's right on plane.
For people who don't know, he's taking the club back.
It's not too inside.
It's not too outside.
He's bringing it to the top of the swing.
Nice hip turn.
Body and head behind the ball.
He's got great action.
And then there's times he fucking rips the thing.
This is before I was even there.
Fucking Grinelli writes me after they played in the golf tournament out in Vancouver,
where God knows how many hours of sleep is had the night before that he hit a
four iron 243 yards from the fucking hole to like six feet.
So immediately 20 handicaps don't do that.
That's the main issue in all this.
That time we played together.
You embarrass me because I will,
you're playing with somebody and they're a sandbagger.
You immediately,
your skin,
you get crawling in your own skin.
You want to puke.
You're like, I apologize for my partner.
He's a liar.
He's a scammer.
That's how I felt at the beginning of that video.
And also, and also, Biz, you actually like know about the swing.
You're like, dude, one time you said to me like, hey, dude, yeah,
I just got to keep my head more still and then my hips back.
I was like, yeah, Biz, you know what you you're talking about 20 handicaps don't have a clue 20 handicaps
some guy fucking fat boy at the local muni who plays golf like once a week and gets completely
loaded every time he plays one birdie a summer he goes nuts because he shanked it it went off
a tree ended up on the green he makes the puttt. Those are 20 handicaps. You're about a 13, maybe even
a 12. That's my final case. And I do want to say as much as it is a shitty thing to be a sandbagger,
a reverse sandbagger might be even worse. And if you don't know what that is, that's the guy that
can be at the office and tell everyone, yeah, I play golf. I'm a four. That dude, you're a nine.
Stop trying to fucking say you're better than you are. Now,
granted, when you're not taking money gambling, you're actually losing more money that way. So I
do respect it a little more money wise because the sandbaggers end up winning. But being the
reverse sandbagger is kind of on par with the sandbagger. Just be your poster scores and be
your regular handicap. Be who you are. And that's what I think you should have done, Biz.
Okay. All right. I respect what you said. You were very articulate. There was a lot of decent
points you made, but I have a lot of my own here too. We showed up to that golf course before
Grinelli and Pasha had got there. Is that correct, Grinelli? That is correct. Yes, Biz.
So before we teed off at the first tee, I was asked, what's your handicap? I haven't played
a full round of golf in probably over two years.
We've I've talked on the podcast about how I stunk with Ray Whitney at
whisper rock.
And also Grinnelli when he watched me play, by the way,
correct, very difficult course, which is fair.
But I also shot like a one 2130.
It was, it was out of this mind.
I even texted ray after i
caught call the sandbagger and said am i am i 120 or i said am i a 20 handicap he goes at least was
his response he said he'd rather get waterboarded than play another round of golf with me so there's
you could there's a fucking quote for you granelli post that one put that in your pipe and smoke it
all right anyway um back to granelli watching me play golf I was playing in a best ball tournament
yeah I hit some fucking good shots I am an athlete I also heard a lot of people chiming in on social
media like geez biz that backswing needs work I am not flexible one of the main reasons I retired
is because I was not flexible that's why my knees went my hips and ankles are a joke my lower back
tight as hell before we teed off at that first hole, when I said I'm a 20 handicap,
which I am because I only broke 90 once.
Okay.
So you asked me that.
Then come to find out after I tell you it's a 20,
then I found out we're playing from the whites.
At that time, it hadn't even really clicked in either
because I was just surprised.
I'm like, oh, I thought like the big guys always play from the back, which is ridiculous that we did it hadn't even really clicked in either because I was just surprised. I'm like, oh, I thought the big guys always play from the back,
which is ridiculous that we didn't in the first place
because we are, as some people pointed out online, professional athletes.
Okay?
Well, they were saying  McKinnon's like, it's soaking wet.
It's been raining last year.
Sure.
Let's just play this one.
Guys, that's fine.
I wanted to, but I know  all right, I'll give you that.
So I was unaware of that when I said I'm a 20 handicap,
because all of a sudden we're backing up what 50 yards to the, to the tips.
I think the course we played was like 64 50 and the tips would have been 68 50.
So 400 to 500 yards over 18 holes. I'm a math guy. Yeah.
I mean, you're looking at 30 to 40 yards per hole.
Okay. Driving isn't necessarily my strong suit as far as distance is concerned.
My biggest issue on the golf course is my long irons.
All of a sudden, being that close to the hole,
and my driver was on fire on the front nine.
I will say that.
And I have a decent drive most of the times.
Now, all of a sudden, my shots are from 100 yards out max.
Okay?
Maybe a little longer, okay?
And then, listen, my short game is hit or miss.
My irons, my short irons.
Your shot was good, though.
My iron stroke was good on the front nine.
And, listen, I'd say from playing from the tips in a full round of golf,
I might, might get two pars.
I think I parred for  I got a birdie on the front
nine and three pars and I had a hot start. Then right away, right away on the golf course, you
said, biz, you're playing too well. You're not going to stroke on the par threes anymore. So
all of a sudden my 20 went down to 16. Okay. So, or, or I guess I was going to shot every hole.
I wasn't getting two on every hole was i
or on a couple holes you were gonna get two on on the one and two handicaps so right but we never
got around to that so i didn't get them so essentially we're already down now to a to a 16
say a 14 or 14 excuse me yes okay and then by the time the not the back nine hit i was playing at a two or whatever i had a
good hot start a lot of people saw me on the back nine once you guys were in my kitchen i i was
brutal i was duffing a ton of shots i would say at least in the in the 18 holes that we play there
was four or five times i picked up my ball and dnf which we went automatic triple bogey on those
so right off the hop, there's 12 strokes
right there. I will say if I would have known before the round, we were playing that close
and we weren't playing the tips. I would have said I was a 16. I will give you maybe on a good day.
I'm a 14. If I have to put my ball in the fucking hole, I am not a sandbagger. I was going based
on the fact that I thought it was going to be a long
day as they usually are on the golf course for me. And I wasn't going to break 90 because I've
only done it once. And I hadn't golfed a full round of golf with putting my own ball in the
fucking hole in over two years. So that's my defense. I, I'm going to say next time we go,
I'll give them the benefit out. I'll even go down to a fucking 12. I don't care,
but I know as sure as shit, I ain't a 14. I ain't a 12. Like you said on the course that day,
I laughed at that. That means, and how do you, I think, I think you're, I think you,
I would be cool if you were a 15, like, or even if say, I would be cool if you were a 14. And then
what, what, what that turns into is a 17 course handicap
so you're a 14 index and usually 14s they jump up depending on the slope and how tough the course is
they'll jump up to a 16 sometimes a 17 that's where like i'd play you and there's a couple
times i'd be like all right this guy's swing is like pretty good but he does fuck up around the
greens it was just the whole beginning of the 20.
And I mean, I'm not, I'm not totally discrediting your case partner.
I'm just looking out for, for our best interest in terms of people,
you know, being a little upset once we rinse them on the court.
I think we've heard probably enough on both sides.
I think the viewers have probably heard enough on both sides.
Should I render a decision now or do we want to wait?
I mean, I think I
Well, what we're going to do is we're going to put a Twitter poll up in the morning.
Okay.
So after everybody listens to this podcast,
let's let the Twitter poll run for I think a week or no.
Is that too long?
Yeah.
We can do a week.
I think we can do a week.
Yeah, we could do a week.
Twitter poll is not binding.
I'll give everybody a chance to listen to this.
Twitter poll is not binding.
But I did text McKinnon and said to apologize and say,
hey, listen, I'm not a sandbagger.
I have the front nine of my life.
And anybody that I've golfed with in the history of my existence,
you can text them and ask them what they think I am as a handicap,
and I guarantee they wouldn't say anything below a 16.
No way.
So who comes up?
Once we get the Twitter vote, who's giving out the punishment?
All right.
I'm the judge.
I was going to say this as well.
We can sleep, Morgan.
I will pay for a meal for all four of us next year
when we end up having our rematch.
Oh, can't wait for all of them, Harden.
No, at the same restaurant.
Either way, I think it should be said that Sid picked up the tab
for the dinner we had that night anyways, correct?
Oh, and I tried to put my car down for the booze,
and then McKinnon slid it there and put his in,
which I was obviously pumped about.
But we don't have to tell him that.
I was like, oh, you didn't need to do that.
I'm like, yes. I was getting chirped.
Why wasn't I on the course? I was like,
well, first off, there was already a two-on-two.
I wasn't going to tag along just to be like
a ball suck, basically.
We interviewed Nate
and Sid, and then we were hanging out with them all that night. We were going to
dinner, so I had plenty of time to hang
out with them, but I didn't want to go on a golf course just
to be a fucking tag along for fucking six hours when I'm not golfing.
What's up, bud? Sure no one's that worried about it.
I didn't say no one was worried about it. I was getting tripped. But yeah, they picked up
the tab for dinner, which I think Sid did, which was pretty nice of him. That was a
good spot. We stopped that. Hey, guys, before we go any further, I want to talk to you
for a minute about SeatGeek.
Buying tickets can be complicated and confusing, but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour, shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
a couple more months, the season starts,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices,
fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value.
Like I told you before, I've had the SeatGeek app on my phone for years,
and it is by far the easiest way I find a shop for tickets,
whether I'm going for the latest Broadway play,
a little playoff action, maybe a trip to Fenway.
Boom, I can be anywhere with a few taps.
I can instantly find seats.
I just used it last week to hook up my little niece with some red socks tickets.
She was pretty fired up.
You can do the same thing as well because SeatGeek is designed to make your ticket buying
experience easier than ever.
It saves you time and money by searching multiple sites to compare prices and find great deals.
If you want to spend a lot of money, SeatGeek will find you those expensive tickets.
If you want to be a little bit of a tightwad, they'll find those as well.
They can fit your budget no matter what.
Now, make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket,
from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Also, the best part, every purchase is fully guaranteed,
so you can shop on SeatGeek with full confidence
and not worry about some dirtbag scalper running off of your 200 behind the garden.
Best of all, our listeners get 10 off the first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and go to enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
Biz, summertime.
Are you a concert guy?
Do you like these festivals, music festivals?
What's your take on them?
Oh, I love going to music festivals.
I like getting psychedelics a little bit.
I mean, any type of music, too.
I don't judge on that front.
Maybe not country, but I'll suck it up if I have to.
It seems like that Boots and Hearts, what it's called in Canada, is huge.
I see every NHL player is going to that.
Yeah, a lot of the boys that are training in Toronto bounce up for that.
I think they take care of them and get them a bunch of tickets
and VIP passes to get backstage and stuff.
So I know McDavid frequents that one as well.
But, yeah, I mean, I would go to it i just i'm so i'm
busy not festival but like they're like usually days long don't you got to bring like a bunch of
like fucking clothes and shit with you if you're doing off like a days-long festival i don't want
to be a prima donna but the only time i do festivals is when i do them the right way and
that's usually like yeah i'm going backside i'm getting golf carted around like i don't i'm not
going to grind it out in the tents like come on i i do i do festivals like whitney travels and flies yeah well the one time you had
the bust right with the sick shower or so when we went yeah so uh bonnaroo up he had a good setup
there uh him loople o'brien i think when when uh upshaw was playing in nashville he'd
met the guy who was uh who was running it and he he requested it got it and you had to keep getting
it every year in order to stay in your order it was it's kind of like um like montreal canadian
season tickets like there's tons of people trying to get in these buses well it's got its own little
back forest that's covered so you're in the shade 24 hour concierge service.
You're getting golf cart around backstage to the other stages.
So there's no 30 minute delay for you to go see an act.
Or if it's towards the end of a,
an act,
you can just jet to the backstage and then catch the start of the next one.
So you're dealing with no riff raff,
uh,
three meals a day,
all like organic,
unbelievably cooked and unlimited booze and when
i say 24-hour concierge service like hey it's 3 a.m i need rubbers right now go and give me some
rubbers they're getting you rubbers so it's you weren't asking for and and and to go to the
bonnaroo music festival probably with like flight in in the hotel coming in for the first night and
everything was probably about nine grand the
festival itself was seven and but it was worth it you're you're you're having a blast yeah so
that's how i did i did pemberton festival a few years in vancouver like just north of there it's
uh it's past whistler that was a blast jade demerit he has some land out there so they had a deal where
they were getting tickets and i and i met the people who were promoting it and same kind of thing golf golf carts backstage food booze it's
you run amok you know speaking of buses did you ever remember that story dave matthews dropped
the fucking they emptied the sewage on the bus in chicago and fucking doused all the people below
them oh yeah yeah oh you you did ask me about the bus wit we had t-pains tour bus there and uh
and you could sleep about seven in it it was awesome it was a cool experience but i don't uh
i don't remember that one all right yeah it was probably 10 15 years ago yeah they were
they it was an illegal dump they weren't just they're not supposed to dump it wherever they
were and it was fucking people below them so they dumped the sewage and the bus fucking all over
fucking these people they ended up getting in all kinds of trouble uh are you a dave matthews fan biz and
not no i went to one concert left early uh speaking of bonnaroo though that's when remember i i ended
up having sex with that girl and that was the last night of bonnaroo then i went with her back to her
place and that's when her her ex-husband showed up and I was in the bathroom. Remember he opened the door. That's that story. That was the first,
first night I got my brown belt. I, I couldn't stand him at all. Like I just didn't like anything
about him. This is a long time ago, pre pre-wife days. And I was dating this chick who, uh, she was
a virgin and she fucking loved Dave Matthews. That's all she would ever play, but she was a
virgin, but she, you know, took care she took care of the old Brazil another way.
So every time we'd hook up, she'd put on Dave Matthews.
So I was always getting humdingers to Dave Matthews.
So I learned to love him in due time, but now I can't stand him anymore.
You were brainwashed.
So every time I hear it, it's him.
You were brainwashed.
How come you guys didn't just laugh at that joke?
He's getting head, listening to Dave Matthews.
I said he's getting brainwashed.
Come on, man.
Give me something here.
Every time I hear that song, my peck jumps up a little.
I giggled, biz.
All right.
Here, let me see if I got anything else in my notes.
Hey, why did you ask me?
The Fallon Cup, boys, the member guests,
so the karma thing I had to bring up.
So congratulations to member Luke Ferrari
and guest Dave Pierce winning the Fallon Cup.
Crazy evening on Thursday, which is the men's smoker.
Friday night, you bring the girls an unreal dinner that Wollaston Golf Club puts on.
Incredible display.
Bar, raw bar.
Oh, R.A. would have been crushing the raw bar.
We all fucking know he orders it every time we go out to dinner.
So lobster, sushi, just a great buffet.
So Thursday night, the smoker gets crazy because the champ flight,
you have to gross qualify.
16 teams get in, and they start auctioning teams off.
Well, what happens is whoever owns the team is going to end up winning 50 of the pot.
The pot is usually like, let's say there's 16 teams.
They all go for around 2,000 a team, 32,000.
Well, all of a sudden this year, a bunch of new hockey guys come in,
and this club's full of myself, Keith Yandel, Jimmy Hayes, Kevin Hayes, Noah Hannafin.
The list just goes on and on of hockey guys.
Everyone loves being there.
So 64,000 we got it up to.
Fucking action.
Well, what happens?
The two guys who won it, the guest, Dave Pierce,
I brought him to the last two Ballon Cups.
This year I said, hey, Pierce, I'm bringing another buddy of ours.
I ain't no worry.
So, somebody else brings me.
Fucking wins the whole thing.
So, I was just slapped in the face by that, but I was really happy for him.
It's funny, too.
People walk around this club, they're like, oh, you didn't bring Pierce.
You're not bringing Pierce again?
I'm like, it's like people bring the same person every year.
I'm like, this is my fucking member guest.
I'll bring whoever I want.
I've brought like six different people now.
So I was happy he got to be in the tournament, and then he took it down.
But the fact that
I bring him last time, what does he do?
Nothing. This time he goes and just
plays lights out in the semifinals. He made
five birdies in a row on the back
nine. I also had somebody come up to
me. This is the best membership in the world
by the way. Walson Golf Club is full of just
great guys. Some guy came up and said, hey
we heard
about the AC Ducey game last night.
So after the big old auction, I deal
AC-Ducey. We've talked about this many
times. I was on fire this year.
We had some crazy action.
It was awesome. Hit and post. People getting
pissed. People getting happy.
A couple of two drunkest people in the
world next to me. I said, so one
kid, you got to get away from me right now.
Please, just get away from me. I probably saved to get a mortgage payment too. He was getting
dummied, making the dumbest bets. But I had a member come up and say, Whit, we heard there's
some videos of you dealing last night and I'm animated. I'm into it. And these videos are so
good. I'm sorry, everyone. You're never going to see him. This is, we're talking six deep here,
six deep around a little table,
a little table that has clubs listed on the table that helped out Wollaston
when they moved in 1975.
They built the new course where we are now.
And in that time, the members got to go play reciprocals at local clubs.
So what we did is made this huge, beautiful wooden table
with all those clubs' insignias and logos in there as a thank you to let thank you
for letting the members come play here so it's six deep and these videos are nuts i'm screaming
i'm jumping up and down i'll tell you there were some tough views what was the highest pot hold on
there were some tough views overhead of my hairline there were some tough views of me jumping up and
down and like my shirt coming up and seeing
like paleness and like fat on my stomach i was like oh my god so these videos never get out but
the members said so we heard there were some videos and um those cannot make it to barstool
don't worry i said don't worry i said listen i didn't take videos, but they will not be posted on Barstool,
so we don't need to see any of that because gambling is illegal at Bushwood.
But it was a lot of fun.
I had a great weekend.
Congrats to those two guys.
What was the highest pot?
I don't even want to say.
I don't even want to say.
Now that you didn't want the videos out, I know the money is something,
the gambling, but it was high.
All right, this is completely off the record.
Whit, if you do need a member for next year, or not a member,
a guest for next year, I know a guy who can get you some strokes.
Yeah, we'll have wives like that.
Can anyone bring Sam back and see these things for them all?
Oh, God.
Imagine you wheeled in with me next year, they'd fucking lose it.
You're like, no, no, he's a 22.
I believe him.
You just bring two porn stars to caddy for us.
We're walking around.
We'll have a wife saying, I heard Witt say you won 40 grand on that podcast.
Where's my cut?
Oh, it's funny.
I was telling a story to somebody.
It was my chiropractor, and I was telling her all about it,
and she's like, I wouldn't mind at all if my husband played golf.
He was making up money in tournament.
It makes it a little easier when he says he's going to the course, which I thought was funny.
But big round for me tomorrow, boys.
Mid-am qualifier, state mid-am qualifier.
Things did not go well in the U.S. mid-am.
Shots like 78.
I sock bogeyed the first three holes.
I knew I was fucked from there.
But tomorrow's the statement, Ammon.
Last year, guys, when I got into this tournament,
I ended up double bogey in the 17th hole and bogey in the 18th hole of the final round.
And if I had just fucking bogeyed one of them instead of doubling and bogeying the other,
I would have been exempt into this year.
So I really want to get into this tournament at Braeburn in late September,
and I got to go out and get in it tomorrow.
So we'll see what happens in that.
I almost want to live tweet it while I'm out there,
but that would definitely not be good for my mental aspect of my game.
So we'll see how it goes, and hopefully I get in.
And one last thing on the hockey side, guys.
40-year-old defenseman Andre Markov is eyeing a return to the NHL
with the Montreal Canadiens for the 2019-2020 season.
Markov is 10 games away from his 1,000 career games.
So I would imagine that the boys in that locker room
are getting a little nervous about buying that gift.
They're like, no, I don't think he looks good.
He looks a little sluggish out here.
He should probably get rid of him
oh and guys
next week
Sunday I leave for the
yearly golf trip the Cleary
Horikoff Invitational Commodore
Brad May so we'll have a lot
of fun talks there
and be able to fill you in on Tuesday
alright boys one last
quick note if you're a TV nut like myself,
Succession returned to HBO Sunday night.
Episode one was excellent, if you haven't seen it.
Also, another show on Amazon Prime called The Boys.
I had never heard of it.
It's based off a graphic novel,
but it's unlike most superhero stuff.
Give that a whirl if you haven't checked it out.
And I think that'll wrap it up.
We got one more from you, Biz.
What's up?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
I almost forgot this one. So Kyle Rank was the guy that I played with'll wrap it up. We got one more from you, Biz. What's up? Yes. Oh, my God. I almost forgot this one.
So Kyle Rank was the guy that I played with, not Garrett Rank.
I didn't realize he had a brother.
He looks exactly like him.
That's why I was like, God, I'm like, why isn't his hockey to be?
So I get this text the other day.
Hey, Biz, my one chance to sound cool and you couldn't remember my name.
Fuck me.
Kyle Rank.
Garrett is my little brother.
Hope all is well.
The fellas at the fire Hall love the podcast. They don't
believe me now that we play together.
We ended up
living in a hotel room in Wilkes-Barre together
for a little bit when he was spending some time there
because I was up and down early in my
career there. Ranker,
I'm very sorry. Say hello to the boys at the
Fire Hall.
That's it. That's all I got.
All right,
everybody have a fantastic weekend and we'll see you back here next week.
Same bat time,
same bat channel.
Hockey.
We'll be back soon enough,
everyone.
Peace out and follow our YouTube page and make sure to subscribe.
And thanks once again,
said new Amsterdam vodka,
get that pink Whitney on September 1st and our friends at CCM.
The LBC on a mission. Trying to find Mr. Warren G seen a car full of girls. and New Amsterdam Vodka. Get that Pink Whitney on September 1st and our friends at CCM.
