Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
I'm a Newfoundlander born and bred and I'll be one till I die.
I'm proud to be an Islander and here's the reason why.
I'm free as the wind and the waves of watch the sands.
There's no place I would rather be than here in Newfoundland.
Hello everybody. Welcome to episode 197 of Spittin' Chicklets presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade flavored vodka from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka. Be sure to ask for it at your local packy starting on September 1st, which is just around the corner, which also means
training camp is just around the corner. But before we start yapping about pucks and our silly summers, let's say hi to the gents
for Newfoundland week here at Spittin' Chicklets.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, how you doing, my friend?
What's up, guys?
Recording from my new apartment here.
Obviously, it looks much better than the other place.
Also, tons of great Newfoundland content coming out this week.
Biz has both Road Warriors, so that was a blast,
and a bunch of good interviews on tap for today, so I'm excited.
Nice.
Next up, boy, Ryan Whitney.
Ryan, that's not your usual background behind you.
Where are you right now, brother?
I'm in the great state of Wisconsin.
I'm actually pissed off I didn't have my hat we made for this golf trip
that just says Golf Wisconsin.
It's a great hat, though.
It really catches your eye.
So pleasure being here.
And, I mean, I got a bunch of funny stories that have already come to light.
We've only been here two days.
But I always am a broken record around this golf trip every year
that it gets you back in the locker room setting with just eight of us
busting balls, and it makes you really miss doing this regularly.
So it's a blast.
And I'm happy to be joining the boys today.
I was like, there's no way I'm missing this week's episode.
I got to tell some of these stories.
Fuck no.
You got to get cracking on it.
And last but not least, Paul Biznasty.
Bissinette, looks like your usual homestead behind you,
getting a real week home.
Oh, I just strolled back into town.
I actually had to go to Hermosa Beach in order to get a home trip in with Biz
for the Coyotes. We got Brad Richardson
who just purchased a new home
in that area. Beautiful spot.
I got to hang out with Jonathan Quick.
Jeff Carter. Ended up watching those fights.
We can talk about that in a little bit.
Just a great weekend. I ended up driving
out there instead of flying because sometimes it's nice
to hit the open road, get some
phone calls out of the way and talk to some people that i haven't talked to in a while so a great weekend
for me hit up some unbelievable restaurants uh i forget the name of the greek place we went to but
a french restaurant um in la it's called republic republic i think it's french republic uh it was
incredible we went there last night and one of the best restaurants i've ever been to so
if you're in that area and uh you got a little bit of money to spend hit it up when you had when
you're driving through the desert like that are you ever doing it at nighttime where like if your
car broke down you're fucking like seemingly hundreds of miles from any help uh no that's
a scary thought i've almost ran out of gas on that drive before. Well, I don't know if I have AAA.
That's for rich people.
Do they call it CCC in Canada?
Six-hour drive back and forth.
But speaking of car issues, I get back here, I unload my car,
and after I unload my car because it's by my staircase, that's where I do it,
I went and parked it in my spot, and I get a call about 30 minutes later
from the people at the office at the apartment complex I live.
Somebody smashed my back window.
Again?
This has happened before.
When?
When was that last time?
It happened in Vancouver before.
Oh, yeah.
That's like every summer.
That's par for the course in Vancouver.
All the homeless people just rob every car at nighttime
so they can pay for
their drugs.
But do you have anything in the backseat?
No,
I just taken everything out.
I unloaded my truck.
Right.
So thankfully,
buddy,
I just bought a brand new Rolex Submariner and it was,
and it was in,
it would have been in there.
It was in my luggage.
Right.
I,
and I just went and dropped a bunch of cash at that APC fashion store in LA.
Hey dude,
you got to get on these clothes.
Unbelievable quality wit.
APC, for those of you listening,
go check it out. Very friendly
staff there, too. They make really,
really nice clothing.
Imagine the gift cards Biz
has already from Republic and
APC.
It's just like...
These ain't free ads and we ain't getting free shit from APC. It's just like a brick and mortar. This ain't free ads
and we ain't getting
free shit from APC, man.
Yeah, say Rolex 17
more fucking times,
will you?
Yeah, maybe we'll get
Grinnelli,
one of those little
fucking 13 millimeter ones.
The girl ones
for his little bitch for us.
So wait,
is it pronounced
Submariner or
I always thought
it was Submarina.
No, Submariner,
Rolex Submariner.
Well, the reason, okay, so I had one and I sold it.
But the value on it was better than what I bought it for.
So I made 2K on a watch that I wore for 18 months.
But apparently there was an article that came.
Yeah, dude, Rolex stainless steel watches right now are going banana lands.
This is a shitty situation.
I bought one off Larry Flowers a while ago.
This was an AP.
This cost me 14.
I ended up selling it for 12.
They skyrocketed in price like three months after that,
and I could have sold it for like 20, 21.
That was a bit of a kick in the nuts.
But the Submariner, I think I got it for, what did I get it for?
I got it for 9,500 Canadian at the time,
and I ended up selling it for, I believe, I think it was 9,000 USD.
But I'm into the watches.
Some people who are listening probably don't give a fuck.
But the reason I bought another one was because I loved it,
but they say they're going to stop making them.
Now, they could be full of shit and just doing that
in order to get the buzz going again, but I had to pull the trigger on another one because i get my hands
on it so i'm pumped about that glad it wasn't in the back when i got robbed yeah i'm good with the
good old fucking swatch myself but uh the wit dog little virality going viral with uh your little
league world series tweet uh over the weekend? I've asked this 10 times before.
Viral is, how do you decide when it's viral?
It's like porn, you know, when you see it.
No, it's all based on numbers.
Everyone always says it's based on numbers.
Well, I would say based on how many followers you have
and the number of retweets and faves you got
versus Barstool's account, which has significantly more, I would say you definitely went viral.
All right. Well, I just, I just wanted to hear that again.
That's a, that's a great feeling when you're in our business going viral is
what everyone wants, right? For people who don't know the backstory,
the little league world series is going on in Williamsport, Pennsylvania,
and this kid gives up an absolute moonshot to some,
to some is the pitcher just throws a complete meatball in there.
The kid takes it to the stars and he's going around and, you know,
now in little league, I, it wasn't the case when I played and yeah,
I was on the travel. I'll start seeing not a big deal.
The whole team comes out of the dugout when guys hit dingers. I mean,
I think we were more old school when you just see him in the dugout.
I'm pretty sure that was the case.
So the whole team's coming out and that's the angle you see as he's rounding first.
And then the camera pans over, and the kid's rounding third.
And the pitcher, who just served up this bomb, is giving him a high five as he rounds third.
And the announcer says, look at the sportsmanship.
That's so awesome.
That's actually what really rattled me is the announcer,'s just totally like playing into what's happening. And I don't know, you know, what happens now with coaching and parenting different angles, calling me kind of like a dickhead. I have no problem saying if my son
plays sports, I hope he enjoys and loves playing sports and his team loses. Like he's going to
know they lost. It's not going to be a second place, but we got this little trophy. Like,
no, you guys lost. That's just how it works in my family. It's how I was raised. It's how I'll
raise my son. And I just think it's shocking now.
Like, I understand you're young and I feel kind of, I do feel bad.
These kids are young, but they're not like eight, you know,
Little League World Series, I think it's 11 or 12.
And I just can't ever imagine being okay with giving up a home run
or getting walked in a hockey game or dunked on a basketball game
and being like,
good job.
That should piss you off.
I don't really care how old you are.
It's my opinion.
But people certainly tend to agree on the most part.
And then there's some people who are like, lay off on their kids.
But it's a mindset.
And it's the way you end up living your entire life.
And I honestly watched that video.
I was shocked.
Well, I just thought it was odd that it happened in the midst of the game.
Like, hey, after the game, when you're in the handshake line,
just be like, hey, nice finger off me.
I tip the tip of the cap.
But this guy's  I mean, before worrying about why he served up
a hot dish pizza to the guy that went yard,
he's more concerned about following him around the bases
in order to get his knuckles in.
Do you think ESPN tells these kids that they'll get more airtime on camera
if they do good acts of sportsmanship like that?
Maybe there's a chance of that, but that goes with the same point,
that if that's actually the case and kids cared more about airtime
than winning the game, if you're a coach of one of these teams,
and you can have great sportsmanship and you can be a competitor they are not you know they they don't necessarily
go hand in hand i mean you can you can compete and be a motherfucker to play against and be
pissed off when you lose and always always be striving for more and also say to somebody hey
you played a great game good win good game that was i mean you can do both
so i know it seems like we are ripping on young kids but it was just it's like i just can't imagine
if that was me i really can't and biz i don't know when your dad went to games if you got if you got
in a fight and the guy beat you up and you were like you know giving him a high five like he would
be like what are you doing uh my dad was was more concerned about the social
aspect of bringing me to games where sometimes i would come out and i was very hard on myself
as a player even when i was a kid like if i didn't play well i was usually pouting in the car about
it so he didn't have to i would come out after games like if i went like dash three he'd be like
hey bud great game i'm like dad were you even fucking watching or you just crushing beers with
the guys up top i went to dashry and I threw out two pizzas.
There's a reason I got changed to four, for fuck's sakes.
In case anybody didn't read the tweet, Ryan tweeted,
if Ryder Whitney gives up a bomb in the Little League World Series
and congratulates the kid while rounding the bases,
he is getting dragged off the mound and driven directly back to Boston
in an Uber X, which is the fucking cherry on top of that fucking tweet.
No, I'm not taking Xs.
That's just reminding him you fucked up.
Uber Pool.
Hey, I was saying that.
I wrote that.
I was saying that.
R.A. takes Uber Pool in Boston.
Because I remember he ran into my buddy.
Yeah, who's obviously his buddy took it, too,
if he was in the fucking thing
too no i took it when i was still working though bismuth like i'd get out of work at 11 o'clock
at night 10 minute ride home it was a no-brainer to take it but that was my old my old fucking gig
i don't have to do that shit no more but as far as the kid giving up the bomb now i could see like
after the game and like you know they were fucking shooting the shit he goes bro you know you took me
deep in fucking maryland chambers in, and they had a laugh about it.
Like, I'm sure that probably happens in hockey.
No?
Like, if guys are buddies and like
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Like, dude, you've tuned me up tonight, huh?
It's the midst of the action.
Exactly.
It's the midst of the competitive game that you're a part of.
After is no-brainer in every sport.
Like, oh, what a play you made there, man.
Yeah, but to high-five while rounding fucking third, it's just, whatever.
I'm just fucking with you.
We've given him enough.
We've given him enough.
But the point was made that you got to compete and you got to play to win.
I don't care if I sound like an old, hard-o bastard because it's a fact.
Speaking of competition, did you guys get a chance to watch those fights this weekend?
I didn't get to.
I was under the weather a little
i didn't i ended up uh going over the jonathan quick's place he's got an unbelievable spot there
and i don't know if he's is he in manhattan or hermosa i was a little fucked up that night i
got into the mushrooms but uh i i we ended up going over there i was hanging out with a few of
the my old teammates from ontario with the rain and uh that was one of the better cards I've watched. And that Diaz is one entertaining fighter.
He just...
That quote after?
Oh, he's got a lot of them.
The one where he said,
I haven't fought for three years because everyone sucked.
I mean, that's just...
Yeah, that was like the marquee quote.
But he's a very entertaining guy.
And then on the other side of that,
we didn't really talk about that situation
with Conor McGregor. That was a tough look for conor mcgregor and i thought he hit the guy but
you're saying it's that he was throwing the shot in the guy's face and for people who don't know
the story quickly he was passing out proper 12 his whiskey and i guess this guy didn't want the
shot and that pissed him off that's the story that's been written, right?
That's the one that R.A. told me about.
And initially everyone thought he gave him a left hook, but it wasn't the case.
He just threw the shot that the guy wouldn't take into his face.
And it upset a lot of people over there.
I mean, you mentioned that in bars all across Ireland, they were pouring his whiskey.
I don't know if the video was bars in Ireland,
but they were Irish bars, whether they were in the States or Ireland.
Oh, okay.
There were people pouring his whiskey in the toilet.
Like, fuck this guy.
I mean, he looked like an asshole.
Tough looking.
There's too many incidences now with that guy for me to make any type of excuse for him.
Yeah, at a certain point, somebody's just a fucking asshole, and apparently he is.
Greg, kudos to the old man. He took
the fucking shot and didn't flinch.
But there's no excuse to fucking
pop a guy that age,
especially because he doesn't want your fucking whiskey either.
He's just a dog.
Wait till you try turning down Pink Whitney for me.
I'll bottle you over the head.
September 1st.
We did mention New Food Week, by the way.
We are bringing back the one, the only, Terry Ryan.
Going to be bringing him in shortly.
And also our buddy, Teddy Purcell.
Teddy might be the league leader in Chicklets appearances, right?
Considering all the run of play he got when we were out in California.
He's got to be the leader in the club post.
I'd say so.
And I was fortunate enough where I got to spend a little bit of time with him
this weekend as well.
His girlfriend was in, is it it APT the volleyball tour she's gonna be in the Olympics
she's gonna be in the Olympics she's a stud I was watching her on television I didn't get a chance
to go to the event but uh they her team ended up losing in the finals so unfortunate for them but
uh very solid player she's a she's a monster uh and uh it was good spending
some time with teddy who as you mentioned will be coming on later and you you actually shared
some of those golf stories while he was on as well with uh that we should probably get into right now
yeah so uh we we talked about you'll you'll hear uh me seeing ryan malone on sunday morning and he
wasn't feeling great but we had a great time Sunday. That's when the trip started for me. Got to Minnesota, played Hazeltine, had a blast. Great course. We
were out there with Ben Clymer who played in the NHL for a long time. Head pro there, Chandler.
It was just, it was a great, great afternoon to play an awesome course. So then we went out
Sunday night at Maynard's, which is a place on Lake Minnetonka, Minnesota in the summer is that
place is the best. I mean, everyone pulls the boats in onto the lakes on the bar. You can also
obviously drive there. And it was just this outdoor setting. I got to see my old college
buddy, Justin Miser, who's definitely coming on at some point. He promised me some great stories
from him. But the next morning we said, all right, call me got a car and Commodore and Brad May and myself, we,
we came to Wisconsin. So we're at sand Valley right now.
We're heading to Aaron Hills in the morning.
And I forgot right away how funny Brad May is.
And people have heard him on spit and chickles. And if you know him,
like him and Todd Bertuzzi, every time I see him on these trips,
it's just like right away, it's just one liners and stories. I'm like,
Oh my God. So this time I'm smart. And I actually had my phone out. So the driver for the car we had was this hilarious
older guy, just a good dude. He had some funny lines. He told us one joke that took 15 minutes.
It was the worst joke of all time. That was his only downfall. But we started just busting his
balls the same way me, call me and mayday. We're just giving each other shit. Cause it been, you
know, we don't see, you't see each other once a year.
So the guy all of a sudden, the guy doesn't realize he's kind of in the mix,
and he asks Mayday to get his briefcase
and then pull his cell phone charger out of the back.
And he's like, I got to charge my phone. It's dying.
Mayday's like, all right.
And as he's getting him the stuff, he's like,
I guess I'll just reach back and do this to help you out
while you're driving us.
Just give it a shit.
And he pulled,
he unzips the guy's briefcase and there's a legit used tissue paper on top of
like where the cell phone charger is made.
He's like,
are you fucking kidding me?
What do you want me to rub your boogers before I grab your cell phone
charger?
And the guy was just horrified thinking he's serious,
but he doesn't give a shit.
So the whole car ride,
we're laughing at different stuff like that. And then we get we get in and uh we see Bertuzzi so we're all
catching up we're all catching up and when Ryan Malone couldn't come on the trip uh we we were
struggling to find the guy to bring so Bertuzzi brought his best buddy this guy's uh named Mike
George but they call him Fitzy I still haven't found out why it's Fitzy like if your name's
Mike George I don't know how you're Fitzy so So this guy's like, Hey, I got some great
Pertussi stories for you. We met each other when he moved into the house next door to me.
It was a big development where we were the first two houses built. And then there was dirt lots
around. It's now, you know, 10, 12 houses. So Bert lives right next to me and we became good
buddies. But the first time we met was a little different because I'm out there,
I'm cutting my lawn, and I heard about some guy who bought the house next door,
no clue who it is.
Well, what do you know, as I'm cutting my lawn,
a black Porsche comes bombing in, bumping music,
and just parks right in front of this new house.
Well, it gets out, Todd Bertuzzi, I know hockey, I know exactly who it is.
He comes over to me as I'm sitting on my mower, cutting my nice yard,
my nice grass, green lawn, comes over to me and says,
hey, you cut these people's lawn.
I just moved in here.
I'll hire you.
I need somebody to cut my lawn too.
Fitzy goes, you fucking asshole.
This is my house, you piece of shit.
I know who you are too.
You're Todd Bertuzzi. And so all of a sudden Bert's like, oh, my God, I'm sorry. This is my house, you piece of shit. I know who you are, too. You're Todd Bertuzzi.
And so all of a sudden, Bert's like, oh, my God, I'm sorry.
They went inside, had beers.
They've been best friends 25 years since.
Get the fuck out of here.
Yeah, so it's been funny.
It's been a fun couple of days of playing golf with these guys.
And Mayday had two great stories on the course today.
Both, I was like, this guy's unbelievable.
One was a great line and one was a good story.
So I'll tell you the line.
Some guy in our group hit a ball so far right.
I mean, this thing is like 400 yards offline.
And all of a sudden, just like behind me, Mayday goes, Jesus Christ,
you could wrap that fucking ball in a pack of
you could wrap that ball in bacon and a pack of wolves wouldn't
find it so i'm like i've never heard that for a ball hit that far offline but then he's telling
me walking up the ninth hole we were talking about people getting hit by a golf ball and how
dangerous can be and this whole discussion began because cleary there's a downhill par four 300
yards cleary hits the ball, 320.
And Bear tees up driver and swings.
Everyone's on the green.
He missed Horkoff by fucking three feet.
He could have killed him.
So we're like, what are you doing, Bear?
So he's bringing up stories Mayday has of, you know, people getting hit.
And he's like, oh, man, I got a bad one, though.
I was at Wingfoot, and I was playing in the Harlem, I don't know,
like Harlem for hockey, something,
some charity golf tournament. So I'm late to meet the four guys that I'm playing with, you know, a celebrity plays with every group. So I was so late getting to the tee. We were teeing off the
fifth hole that, uh, they had already hit. They basically were told you got to hit. So there are
about 150 yards out walking to their ball. And I show up and I got a kid with me. That's part of the hockey for Harlem, whatever the program was. And he's all into golf
and, you know, seeing us play and walking with us. So I'm like, Hey guys, Hey guys, heads up.
I got a hit and then I'll walk up with you. These guys have not met Brad May yet, by the way. And
they paid money to play in this. So they just go up. They're only 150 yards up. They move to the right out of the way. What does Mayday do?
Snap hook.
Drills the guy right in the leg.
The guy goes
down. Mayday
has to introduce himself as the celebrity
they're playing with and also apologize
for the monster bruise in his
quad.
Oh, God. I couldn't believe that.
There's more to golf to be played and
catching up to be to be had so the other the other shocking thing i will will say that i heard from
bertuzzi is we were talking about thousand games and biz it was actually we were talking about you
and how you how much you hated getting having to give money to get guys their thousand game gifts
so bertuzzi has not been given a silver stick for playing 1,000 games
by the league yet.
I don't know if it's the League or the Players Association,
but the whole table was shocked.
He plays that long, and he plays 1,000 games.
Well, he will now.
He never got the silver stick, so I said immediately,
that's getting brought up.
Chicklets fans, do your work.
Tweet at the NHL.
Tweet at the NHLPA.
Make sure Todd Bertuzzi gets his silver stick.
So then everybody can make fucking stupid jokes, I'm sure.
But sorry, who did he play his 1,000th game with?
Detroit.
So, I mean, I would think it would be the team's responsibility,
or is that something written to the NHLPA?
The Illich's gave him like a vase, however you say it,
and a nice
and they gave him like a really nice Rolex like they I think it's on the league to get you a
silver stick and thousand games silver sticks where it's at the things like 60 pounds people
telling me too so you need one of those so Bert has to get his no that's a fucking Louis that's
actually kind of a joke that he never did.
But we did mention it was Newfie week here on the show.
I got a couple of random Newfie facts I'm going to drop throughout the show.
And I know this one's a little painful for you, Whit.
You did mention Dan Cleary earlier.
He was the first Newfoundlander to win the Stanley Cup when he did it back
with the Wings in 08.
I thought that was, you know, worthy of mentioning because we did talk about him.
And, of course, that was the night I
drank out of the cup too so I kind of had to mention that.
But what also, no, this
is actually very interesting. Back in
1956, the Bruins played
a series of exhibition games in Newfoundland
and they were actually the first time
that NHL teams played in an
open air rink.
Which basically was not the first
winter classic but it was not the first winter classic,
but it was the very first time.
And when they asked the players, they said the exact same things they say now,
that it reminded them of their peewee days
or when they were little kids playing on the rink.
So even 56 years ago, they were saying the same quote.
So pretty interesting history up in Newfoundland.
Oh, shit.
It was a great time.
Should we send it over to that first interview with Terry Ryan?
Let's do it. Yeah, absolutely great very insightful and then uh i'm glad the audio was a lot better than the first time he was on uh i can't thank him enough for taking me around st
john and uh st john's excuse me i don't want to get ridiculed online but uh let's send it over to
terry ryan this interview is brought to you by Can I Brands. You've already heard me talk about the cannabis company
a few friends of mine have started.
Can I Brands, the all-natural, hemp-derived CBD company
making creams, balms, tinctures, and oils
that help the world's highest-performing athletes
as well as everyday scrubs like you and myself.
Get a clearer mind, get a better night's sleep,
and mend your injuries so you can feel amazing.
Well, Chicklets fans, Can I Brands has a few more and mend your injuries so you can feel amazing. Well, Chicklets
fans, Can I Brands has a few more reasons that are sure to get you feeling amazing. Introducing
Can I Brands' first ever Feel Amazing Sweepstakes Spectacular. From now until September 7th,
you and one friend have a chance to enter to win a trip to Phoenix to see the Arizona Coyotes play
this fall. Your friends at Can I Brands want to pick up the tab that's right round
trip airfare to phoenix two nights in a hotel tickets to the game and even a little bit of
spending money to enjoy the rest of your time there to enter head over to can i brands website
at www.cannibrands.com and fill out some basic information that's it easy tuck no purchase
necessary do be sure to check the full contest rules and
regulations to ensure you are eligible to enter winners will be announced by september 16th and
while you're there be sure to toss them a follow on instagram at can i brands c-a-n-i-b-r-a-n-d-s
for the latest in product releases and to hear about some exciting partnerships they've got dropping soon. Thanks again at canibrands.com.
Well, folks, we're with Terry Ryan.
This is going to be the second time he's been on Spitting Chicklets.
We just spent a solid three days all throughout St. John's, Newfoundland.
He showed me around.
What an amazing tour guide.
It was very special for me, Terry, to really embrace the culture here and really tie
all these stories you've ever told me together and what the people are about here. And you
couldn't have been more accurate. Well, I really appreciate, first of all, you guys choosing to
come here anytime we get a chance. We're all proud Newfoundlanders. Everybody that you met,
most people here share that bone that we have that in common. We're proud of where we come from.
So for you guys to pick here and come visit, honestly, give us some positive attention. I Most people here share that bone that we have that in common. We're proud of where we come from.
So for you guys to pick here and come visit, honestly, give us some positive attention.
I know we had a lot of fun and everything, but I wouldn't come back here if I didn't really enjoy it.
And the guys you met, they've played all over, not only the hockey players, the actors, the musicians, the arts community, Jeremy Charles, the chefs. there's lots of reasons to be in Newfoundland, and we love it.
And having you guys visit was real cool.
I mean, when we first had you on, there were some technical difficulties, and you just kept talking and talking about all these stories.
And I think it was hard for some of our listeners to digest and it was obviously with the technical difficulties,
they might have been like,
whoa, that was fucking sensory overload.
I just heard a million stories.
But I mentioned it.
A lot of these kind of came together this week
and I understand why you guys are the way you are
and it's not because you're bragging about what you've done.
It's because you're proud of what you've done.
Yeah, it's not because you're bragging about what you've done. It's because you're proud of what you've done. Yeah, it's a pride thing.
And you guys were kind of behind the eight ball starting out here
because you didn't have the resources that I had growing up playing hockey.
So you brag about all the guys who have done it, and you're right.
They come back here, and they love it, and they love talking about it too.
Yeah, I think you you
share that because you know it's a battle to get whenever you're on an island you're you're again
i don't want newfoundland's great it's part of canada just like any other part but the fact is
we're on an island so if you're coming up and you're playing hockey and you need to get noticed
or you're a musician or whatever you do it's often harder when you're isolated and you're only playing to one crowd, right? So I think all of us know how hard that is. And we were really close growing up.
So it's a pride that's shared by anybody. It's a battle, you know, nothing's taken for granted
kind of thing. And during this, in recent history, we've had hard economic times, not now so much,
but a lot of us when we were growing up,
the people that you've met being my age-ish, you know, we had to deal with that. So we've often faced adversity, but the Newfoundland attitude, I'm going back hundreds of years, hundreds,
because it's never been good weather, right? And these people that were fishermen, they lived on
the side of these coves and the side of mountains in Newfoundland in these bays fishing when there was no electricity or heat.
Can you imagine that biz?
So they shared stories together.
They sang.
They danced.
They played sports.
It was all  everything was a tight-knit community thing.
And that's, I think  if we weren't  that's evolution.
That's our evolution.
We have to be tough because that's where we came from.
And by the way, thank you for bringing up that.
I really apologize to you guys.
You know that.
But R.A. and Witter, too, tell them there was technical difficulties.
I can't re-listen to it.
I'm glad people liked it, but I couldn't hear you guys.
I know I talked too much, but I felt I was half ignorant.
So thank you for even giving me the chance again.
That's the window I jumped in right there.
Yeah, and getting to know you, I know how sorry you are
because you've told me 16,000 times.
Now, there were a few stories that I wanted to go you are because you've told me 16,000 times.
Now, there were a few stories that I wanted to go back on because we do have even more listeners now.
I thought the story with Mike Milbury as general manager, that's top notch.
And why don't you start that one from the beginning? That's one of my best.
And we just went past draft weekend, so I figured it would be a good time to tell it.
Yeah, so as you know, a lot of things have evolved,
but the draft meetings are pretty much like they used to be.
If you were rated pretty high or a team was just interested in you,
you'd get interviewed quite a lot before the draft.
And a lot of these questions, you know, really don't have much to do with hockey.
A lot of times they have nothing to do with hockey.
I flew into Washington, for example, and filled out a SAT-like paper for two days.
You know, if a train is leaving point A at this speed and another one's leaving point B, those kind of questions,
which I thought was ridiculous, but I get it.
There's a point.
You don't want to draft an idiot, I guess.
But, you know, and that went on and on.
And being rated in the first round, a lot of us experienced a lot of that together.
By the time I got to the draft, which was in Edmonton, which was kind of like my wheelhouse because a lot of Newfoundlanders have
moved there to work. There's probably the biggest concentration of Newfoundlanders outside here
in Alberta. And we played in the Western Hockey League and Damon Lankow, who ended up going fifth,
was from Edmonton. So we had a big fan base there. It was a lot of fun. But the draft, it was really tiring.
Every day you seemed to be on.
You were getting interviewed and you were doing tests.
You did a VO2 test like
ten times in like two months.
It was just a lot.
Mike Burnett called my agent.
He was Gretzky's agent at the time
and he was also Damon's agent.
Damon's from Edmonton. He said,
you guys got two interviews left.
And you know, Lanks doesn't say much, but when he does, you listen. And Lanks
said, no, I'm not doing it. I'm sorry, I'm not doing it.
And I was never,
I still wouldn't believe, I had to pinch
myself that I was rated in the first round.
Tomorrow could happen and I
had, like, I still believed
that ten rounds could go by and I
wouldn't get drafted. Like, there was always that level of
anxiety with me.
It's not perfect.
It was out of your control.
Yeah.
So even though I was rated high, but, you know, I was very, I wasn't going to pass up an interview, put it that way.
I didn't want to be the guy to pass up an interview when I'm trying to get drafted.
No fucking way.
But I wasn't happy about it.
So he said, well, you got two left with the Islanders and Tampa Bay.
I said, okay, bring it on. So I went up in whatever room it was in the Crown Plaza in Edmonton.
And, again, a lot of the boys were there, and they were going out to Cowboys,
and we were going to meet at Cowboys after, which we ended up doing.
And it was a Western League thing.
So it wasn't just guys getting drafted.
There was guys a couple years older than me like Jason Strudwick and Darcy Tucker
and Wade Belak and Ryan Smith and guys like that that just were played in the Western League and happened to
be coming to the draft or were from Edmonton we're all getting together it was a hockey party so I
wanted to be there and I'm waiting and the meetings taking longer and longer so I to when I get into
the meeting first of all it's a big like business table a conference room kind of thing and it's an
oval table and it's packed except there's two empty seats and they're the heads of both.
Both seats are heads of the table.
So I don't know which one to sit in, but I sit with my back to the window, I guess.
There's an adjoining room.
It's attached and I know there's activity going on over there.
And the people I walk into the island is interviewed.
Mike Milbury is their GM, but he's not in the room yet.
So these scouts are really buttering me up.
They're telling me, like, how good I am.
And, you know, I came from Newfoundland and overcame a lot of obstacles.
Everything they're saying is in my wheelhouse.
It's not really a hard interview.
They're just confirming the fact that they're in.
They're stroking you off.
Yeah, they're stroking me, right, almost to an uncomfortable level.
That's our next story. Yeah, they're stroking me, right? Almost to an uncomfortable level. That's our next story.
Yeah, maybe that's our next story.
Just because I just didn't, it had to happen.
Sure.
You know, I didn't want to get ahead of myself, and I didn't think I'd go in the top ten.
So, Milbury, anyway, these guys are talking.
All of a sudden, I hear these footsteps coming in from the adjoining room, and it's Mike Milbury.
And he walks into the room, and he kind of has an air of authority about him and he throws down his papers
whatever it was scouting book on the table and he's talking he's standing up everybody else now
sitting down but he is about to take a seat at the end of the table across from me and he says
yeah well I think you skate faster with the puck than without it now I've been talking to these
scouts and they're asking me questions very cordially and respectfully.
And he walks in, and he just starts talking.
Like, you know, you skate faster with the puck than without it.
Like some bully in grade 8, and I'm in grade 6 or something.
I'm going, oh, yeah, I guess.
Okay.
I don't know if that's a cut either or it means something good.
I really don't know.
Yeah, I think that was good.
Yeah, so I'm like, okay.
And then he says, thanks, Milps.
I wasn't sure.
And I was still going, maybe he is stroking me off too.
But then he goes, yeah, well, I think you got lucky against Wade Belak.
It was a fight on YouTube.
I fight Belak.
And we only played him twice that year.
And it was like Jerry Seinfeld, like when he races and he doesn't want to do it ever again because he won the race.
I didn't want to fight Belak again. I fought him once. I didn't want to fight B-Lack again. I fought him once and
it was a great fight and it was talked
about and of course I don't
have a death wish. So he says if you fight him
ten times you're going to lose nine of them. That was
lucky. Not that I beat him but we had a good one.
And I said okay but
I didn't and we had a good fight.
And he said it's a good thing Damon Lankow
played with you all year. You wouldn't have all those points.
And I said well it's a good thing he fucking played with me he wouldn't have had all
those points you know like i know we both improved this you're going back and forth we're going back
and forth and now it's getting like he's cutting me up and i'm cutting him up and there's no punch
line like this isn't a joke anymore so he says okay tough guy he said i'm going to give you a
scenario he said you're in tri-cities and you and that langkow kid i think he called his hoodlums
he said you and that langkow kid have been out and you're having a good time and you bring some
girls back and all of a sudden you break off with your girl and you go to her house it's 10 to 11
but it's a 10 minute drive home and curfews at 11 but she spreads her legs and says fuck me terry
he says what do you do i thought about it i'm like well
10 minute drive home i'm doing the math 10 minute drive and you're not a math guy no well no but i'm
thinking about like what i actually would do and i'm looking at myself going 10 minute drive home
curfew's at 11 girl wants to fuck me jesus christ okay so i go i'm gonna i take a sip of my water that's sitting there, and I call him Mr. Milby at this point.
I said, well, Mike, I said, I fuck her for five minutes, and then I speed home.
So he says, get the fuck out of my office.
And the other scouts are like, some guys are putting their head down, and they want to not laugh, but they're fucking.
And I know what's going on.
I'm like, that was a fucking great answer.
But when I turn around and I look up, the door opens, but it's Phil Esposito.
So Phil Esposito has been standing there.
I forget that they've played with Boston Bruins, I guess, in the late 70s.
I kind of forget all of that.
And Phil is doing my last interview with Tampa Bay just next door.
And so I follow him out. He goes, great fucking answer. And he shuts the door. He goes,
why did you say again? And I told him, he goes, that's fucking unbelievable. He goes,
his only question to me, he says, sit down. So I go in the room with him and Tony Esposito,
his brother. And he's, he's obviously he's the GM of Tampa. So he's scouting for Tampa,
sits down. He goes, how far apart did Napoleon sleep from his wife?
And I went, a bone apart?
And he said, fucking right.
So he goes, Terry, I'm not going to draft you.
You're not a good enough skater.
I've got to be honest with you.
He said, we're picking fifth, but I'm very interested in Damon Lankow.
What kind of a guy is he?
I said, well, you know, he works hard, and he often treats the rookies well.
He goes, Terry, Terry, Terry, what kind of a guy is he?
Would you guys hang out?
Does he stick up for you in all situations?
I said, yeah, of course he does.
He's one of my best friends.
He goes, perfect.
He said, you just won yourself a good story.
And I sat there.
I had a Diet Coke, and I listened to him tell me about the 1972 Summit Series for an hour.
He just said, what do you want to hear?
I said, I've always wanted to meet you.
And I asked him about the Summit Series, about how he slipped when when all the russians laughed at
him and how he turned that into a confidence booster i swear to you he took i was interviewing
him for an hour and then he let me go and he said perfect and they ended up taking damon
lankhout number five the next day get the fuck out of here. Yeah, true enough. Anything you remember about what he said about the Summit Series?
Yeah.
I was really, really, like, you know, as we say it, because I wasn't trying to do this, but look, it's right here.
Like, I'm big into it, right?
There's Bobby Orr.
I was big into all this stuff.
I'm not lying.
So I knew about the Summit Series because I'd watched eight hours on it, like maybe five or six times in my life.
Even then, it was one of the biggest moments in Canadian history.
And my father and mother very much, you know, never let me kind of forget that.
That was one of the big moments in their lives.
So outside of Henderson scoring, I knew there were some sub storylines that I'd heard and seemed absurd.
But he told me whatever I wanted to know.
He ended up being my GM in Cincinnati a few years later,
and he remembered the whole thing when I was in the East Coast League,
and he took us over to Europe for a month.
He's just a great, great fella.
That story and many more in a book you wrote after you retired called?
Tales of a First-Round Nothing.
We talked about it the last time you were on.
One of the stories that was in the book
is one that you didn't tell on the podcast.
Now, it's iconic.
I'm hoping that you'll tell it.
You want to know about it?
I think that you might even double your listenership
as far as the podcast is concerned,
and I think it'll put you on the map
if you feel comfortable telling it.
I don't feel bad telling it at all. It concerned, and I think it'll put you on the map if you feel comfortable telling it.
I don't feel bad telling it at all.
It happens, and, you know, why not?
Okay, well, here we go.
So in 2007, I was done my professional ice hockey career,
and I was training for my third ball hockey world championship.
I'd play with Team Canada
because it was a lot easier to run
when I retired than skate.
Although I still can skate,
not like I used to, right?
But running was fine.
So I was up there
and we were at the end of our Team Canada camp
and we'd run the beep test.
We've done all that VO2 stuff.
We had six or seven days of tryouts and
very much like a hockey camp. So we were tired. So he told a bunch of us that we'd made it. So
we went out to celebrate, maybe six or seven of us. And the Marlies were playing that night. And
Brad Brown is my buddy on the Marlies. He was playing the Marlies then. Brad Lieb was on the
Marlies. Tyson Nash, I believe, was either on the Leafs or the Marlies, but he met us at the bar after. So a bunch of the boys were going to the bar. So Lieber, I played with Brad
Lieber in Red Deer Jr. And he's a good buddy, good teammate. So he says, meet me at the Orbit Room.
So I don't know where the Orbit Room is. Well, I didn't know where anything was, but it turns out
wherever there's a Greek place to eat close by, I was with a few Greek Canadians, and they wanted to go out.
So I said, perfect, we'll have a bite to eat, and then we'll go over to the Orbit Room.
So now we have a bite to eat, but we get on the grappa and all that.
You know, we're having a good time.
It's an ole, ole, it's one of those nights or days.
So we show up, they play, and we show up, which is still relatively early.
It's like right after their game.
So it's probably like, I don't know, 9.30 or 10 o'clock.
I think it was even earlier.
I think it was even earlier.
It might have been an early game on a Sunday or something.
We're at the end of our week.
I don't think that matters.
No.
Well, yeah, I guess it doesn't.
So I guess it doesn't.
Lieber says you should go over and dance with this girl over there.
Because there wasn't many people dancing.
There was good music on.
But we were just kind of, it was more of a pub atmosphere than anything.
But there was a band about to come on.
So I'm just trying to give you some imagery here.
So this girl comes over, and I think she asked me to dance.
Or maybe he got it going.
But she's obviously, she's got fishnet stockings on.
She's got a leather skirt. fake bombs obvious fake bombs um in really tight shirts so like a button up and anyway
we start dancing we're making out and we go over i go over the bathroom so she follows me into the
bathroom okay fair enough we've had a bit to drink i'm making out
with her i'm like rip her blouse open got her tits out so i said like why don't why don't we just get
the fuck out of here like you know i've seen my buddies it's all good she's like yeah let's do it
so i walk out of the bar now all the boys are over here talking and they just seen lieber and me
interact and me dance with this girl and then i'm leaving with this girl and they'd just seen Lieber and me interact and me dance with this girl, and
then I'm leaving with this girl, and they're all like going, what the fuck?
And I hear someone say, he really is crazy.
And then I'm looking going, why?
Because I'm leaving the bar early with this girl?
I could just waste money and stay here all day, but we've hung out all day.
I'm not saying I'm going to bail on the boys all the time, but this was like-
Right, yeah.
There comes a certain time where you can check out to get-
Totally.
And I think people would respect that. So I'm'm going this is weird that they're even questioning it so she meets me she pulls around she got a car so she meets me at
the front which was probably x i should have said something because we were drinking i just assumed
because she had the car hoped that she wasn't drunk but i really don't know so we get in the
car i'm going to brampton. It's a 45-minute drive.
I'm going to the Brampton Holiday Inn Express,
or Best Western is where I'm going.
So I get in the car.
I try to make out with her.
I try to get up her skirt a little bit.
No action.
She won't do it.
But at the streetlight, you know, the red light,
she's making out with me a little bit.
So I'm like, okay.
I fall asleep, though, because I'm tired.
So anyway, it's a long drive. So I'm like, okay, I fall asleep though. Cause I'm tired. So anyway, it's a long drive. So I, I can't go out. I wake up and she's pulling me into the hotel.
So I say, you know, I try to get with her again. You want to come in? She's like,
I'm not really sure. I say, well, how about a little bit of noggin meeting head?
She's like, sure. So she starts giving me a blowjob.
It's all good.
Looking back to things that I was saying, you know, like, you know, you got your half on and you're getting something you didn't thought was going to happen.
So you're like, oh, baby, keep going.
Like, I'm being fairly dirty.
So anyway.
Any type of words?
I don't know.
You're just going to have to fill in that blank.
Okay.
Yeah.
Try to make it authentic.
And I mean mean you're
correcting yourself on the name of the hotel i figured maybe you'd at least dive true enough
but yeah i don't want to get too crude because this is bad but anyway i she goes well so you're
cool with it then i'm like yeah of course i'm cool with it i've been blown before so anyway and
like right down her throat, everything.
She swallows it.
It's all good.
She licks it off.
Let's go in the room.
I said, she goes, okay, if you're fine with it, then of course we're going in the room.
So I'm like, of course I'm fine with it.
So I take her.
We go in.
Now in the room are a couple of my buddies.
Paolo Musto is my captain of the Canadian ball hockey team.
I believe Alexander Burroughs was in no tell.
Being a hockey player, you might know.
But a lot of these guys, so the boys are playing cards in the room,
but they were at the bar earlier.
So Paolo goes, Terry, because we have this Italian guy,
slaps me on both cheeks.
Terry.
I said, what?
He goes, it's a man.
I went, what?
So I turn around and I look at this girl, or, you know,
it was a transgender.
I got respect.
I didn't get mad or anything.
You would think a lot of people said, did you punch him out or her out?
Absolutely not.
But I didn't at all.
I looked over and I said, you know, and she was like, I'm like, she's right.
Because she was like, you told me you were cool with it.
I'm like, now I know what you were saying.
Am I cool with it?
All the pieces come together at the wrong time.
And I started thinking.
And when I thought about making out with her at the light, I realized there was a bit of
stubble.
Like, it's the only.
And I was like, that should have been a red light.
But I guess.
Alcohol works.
Alcohol works, yeah.
And anyway, but I didn't, and I'm at a Team Canada camp,
and it was in Dusseldorf, Germany that year,
so I didn't want to get kicked out of camp either.
I didn't want to make a big deal of it.
But anyway, I just went out.
I actually gave him a hug.
And I was, every Monday that year year i was on a ts or mitch
melnick show i don't think it was tsn that now in montreal and he called terry's tales so i called
in i said i'm gonna face this head on because i don't want these rumors out there of if is he or
is he not um not that i give a shit because my uncle my dad's brother right yeah but i mean i
think you're um yeah i don't want people to think the wrong thing of me sure right and i am straight and i'd like that on the record
so i said fucking i'm just going to tell the story so i told the story on mitch's show and
it was just like silence he said i cannot but then i was still kind of you know hung over
but anyway that's how it got out there i wasn't going to put it in my book
and uh but you know the only i'm not ashamed the only reason i was nervous to tell
it was because i wouldn't want people getting the wrong impression as if though i'm judging
yeah person for what they want to choose or decide to do with their bodies or their lives
because i don't i'm as liberal as they come in that regard if you want to you know be born a
woman and then be a man and then chop it off after that and then be a transgender,
whatever the fuck you want to call it.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, you know what, Biz?
Do it if it makes you happy.
Totally, and I think that way too,
and that's why in the book I tried to,
because a lot of people could take that story and if you haven't actually read it,
you could probably think that I was being judgmental,
but I wasn't.
Someone alluded to the story once,
Jeff Merrick, I believe, on his podcast when it came out three or four years ago.
And actually, Brian Burke's son, I think his name is Patrick, but I'm really not sure.
Yeah, so he got a hold of me on Twitter.
And I think he thought at first that I was being a little bit crude about it.
Yeah.
Yeah, but he ended up apologizing.
We had a great conversation publicly.
And that's, I think, what you do.
I think I'm like, you know what, Patrick, though? Like, that's i think what you do i just i think i'm like you know what patrick though like it was say what you want though if i don't know i'm not sure
that is a good story it's a funny story yeah you know regardless right and and here's where i'm
coming from it and i'll tell this part of it before i go on and tell my story is in the same
breath where i'm like i i believe anyone should be able to do whatever they want with their body and go be you.
I think that maybe giving another person a heads up that you've made that choice that might not know in order to put them in a vulnerable situation should be said.
I think that's a mutual respect there.
I think that's enough of that type of story.
Any more hockey stories you wanted to tee up? Before I go on
I still want to say Biz because this is what I love
about your show. Like because
there's a level of you know you
hit that might be crude to some
but you just brought awareness to something
and you treated that person with respect as did
I. So I'll move on but I want to point that out
because a lot of people do give barstool and
spitting chiclets a bit of shit and you go
online and all these.
Look, I'm an open-minded person.
Just be respectful, and that's what you are.
Now, anyway, you asked me a question.
I just wanted to point that out.
Go ahead.
What was the question again?
Oh, just any more hockey stories.
I know you told a few when you came back on.
Mikey, was there anything that you wanted me to ask him, our producer?
Did I tell you how I lost my teeth?
I had got, I guess, skipping over everything that happened.
I've been on your show and tried to justify my career.
In the end, look, I'm happy where I went, and I got hurt.
I hurt my ankle is what happened.
I'm still really proud to have played for the Montreal Canadiens.
But in that time, I was in a dispute with them.
So the first year, Montreal qualified me.
They offered me good money, but I just wanted to get traded and have a chance to play in the show.
So I played in St. John's in the Maple Leafs.
The next year, that was in the American Hockey League still at least.
The next season, I was still in a bit of a squabble.
They started to say we're going to entertain trade thoughts, trade ideas, but you can't play in the American Hockey League.
So I went down to the West Coast Hockey League in Colorado.
So anyway, I had a tough year there too.
I got my arms skated over, but I bounced back in the summertime,
and Dallas Stars offered me to go to camp.
Now, right before I went to Dallas, I was playing ball hockey here with my buddies.
And I went down, and I hit my teeth off the ground. And I had, like, the best way I can describe it, my teeth looked like Jim Carrey in Dumb and Dumber.
They were halfway cracked, the front two straight across.
It looked stupid.
But I was going to camp in a few weeks.
So I was like, you know, when I breathed in, it really hurt because the nerves were exposed.
But I'm saying like I'm going to get it paid for there, just like Montreal.
Like if I did something, I'm like I'll just get it paid for in Montreal.
I'm a kid. I'm not thinking, though, that I'm not signed, right? Of course they're not going to get it paid for there. Just like Montreal. Like if I did something, I'm like, I'll just get it paid for in Montreal. I'm a kid.
I'm not thinking though that I'm not signed, right?
Of course they're not going to pay for it.
I was just thinking like, oh, it's just a minor thing.
So I waited and I finally went to Dallas and I had an orange mouth guard too.
It looked like I was sucking on an orange peel all the time.
But again, I wanted to get it paid for, obviously.
The ball hockey covered like a thousand bucks or something.
That was it.
So, and it was going to be more. i went to dallas and i'm walking i'm like doc can you fix me up
like first day i'm there like i'm really hurting and he looks at me walks out he comes back and he
goes you're not signed with us i'm like yeah i guess i'm not like i i didn't even think about
that i'm like quickly right first round easy montreal everything's a layup, like, given to you. Now it's
my first experience with, oh, fuck yeah,
I guess I'm not signed. I gotta still work for that.
So, Capco's okay, actually,
but I ended up hurting myself. Darian Hatcher
falls on my ankle
and tears the ligaments.
High ankle sprain is what it is, which is
fucking bad news, because you can kind of play through it,
which I tried to do, but I fucked myself.
But anyway, they're like, well, you're still not signed, but you're going to Boise.
Can you fix my teeth? No. Boise was their double affiliate in the West Coast. So I'm like, can you
fix my teeth? No, no, no. So I said, fuck, well, I know they're going to do it in Boise because at
least I'm signed with Boise. So, but Boise's in another three weeks, you know, when the coast
starts. So I'm like, oh, fuck, I come home and get my shit. And I still suck it on this fucking orange peel.
Looking mouth guard.
And now we're going.
We're over a month now.
Wait another few weeks, whatever, I go to Boise.
I walk in and Kip Dribnack's the trainer.
I say, Kip, boom, I need these fixed.
A-S-A-P.
The fucking nerves are exposed.
I'm drinking.
And most of my meals now are like soup or I'm
drinking milkshakes and stuff. I mean it. My fucking teeth are killing me, but it's like 10
grand. Right. So anyway, he says, you just told me the story. I told you the fucking story. Just
say I did it here then. He said, I can't do that. I said, well, for fuck's sakes. I said, what if I
lose my teeth worse than this? What if I just happen to take a puck and I lose all my fucking teeth?
What are you going to do then?
He said, well, obviously then we'll fix them like normal, like it'd look good.
So now the fucking wheels are turning in my head.
I'm going, okay.
The first thing I'm thinking, I'm taking these out myself, you fuck.
So, and not that he was a, I shouldn't say you fuck.
That's kind of me being sarcastic.
But Kip, yeah, you could have done me a favor and said that, you know, I got a puck in the face.
So anyway, the boys are sitting there and I'm looking at Matt Oates and Bobby Stewart.
And they're going, no, the motherfucker is going to go for it.
I'm doing it for sure.
I go, boys, I'm doing it for sure.
So I come out.
Now I got to wait, though.
I'm like, if I do it tomorrow, it's going to be obvious.
I'm going to do it in a couple of weeks.
So Matt Oates stands up and says, no fucking way.
So he says, I say he doesn't do it.
Bobby Stewart says, I know he's going to do it.
So then the team was kind of split up, and there's money going back and forth.
Now that there's money going, I'm definitely going to do it.
Definitely going to do it.
Boys are betting on me?
Come on.
So it's just how drunk do I have to get to do it?
So I wait.
I wait like a couple weeks, and we have like a little bit of a get-together at one of the apartments.
They put us up in a complex, you know, communal pool, hot tub, all that.
You know the way it is on the coast. Great situation,
actually. The living arrangement on the coast
is better than any league I've been in.
So, we're,
we go down by the pool. Jeremy
Melmach, who now is running, I believe, things,
hockey things at Notre Dame and Wilcox.
Jeremy's our captain.
He's got a kid there who's actually now in the
WHL. He's got a little, like, nerf
hammer. So I take the little Nerf hammer, and I say,
I'm just going to chip my teeth out of my head.
And, like, I so underestimated this.
It's incredible.
Because I just, I kind of tried to chip it away,
and my whole head rocked.
And the teeth were, like, you know,
the center of gravity was, like, right up into my,
there was no way that these things were coming out
with a Nerf hammer.
It was going to be hard to get them out with, like, a boulder.
I was like, but now there's money on it. So I'm like, I didn't think this out at all. no way that these things were coming out with a Nerf hammer. It was going to be hard to get them out with like a boulder.
I was like, but now there's money on it.
So I'm like, I didn't think this out at all.
I didn't think it out.
I thought it would be way easier.
So then I put the hammer away, and I've had six or seven beers now at this point.
The boys are there.
I'm like, go give me a sledgehammer.
Bobby Stewart's like, and he's egging me on.
So he's got a sledgehammer like within minutes.
Like I'm sure he had a fucking gun in his back pocket or whatever he could do He's gonna make this happen whatever Terry asked for he's gonna get it because he's just wide-eyed going this is gonna happen
So I take the fucking sledgehammer in two hands. I
Bring it towards my face, but at the last minute I think about it. I'm like, oh my god
I think of all the things that can happen that aren't good and I close
my mouth and I lay up but it's going so
fast it hits me right here
no you see the scar
I got here you got the bottom lip that's
a sledge well I just laid up
I did it I pulled out for the last fucking
second but now that just made me more
mad but I got a split in my lip and I can put my tongue
right through it so there's blood going everywhere
at this point there's like there's and I'm up put my tongue right through it. So there's blood going everywhere. At this point, there's like, there's,
and I'm up in my apartment complex at this point,
but there's wives that found out about it and kids
and they're like taking them home.
And like, this guy's over the top and I'm drunk.
I'm just trying to have a good time and win the boy's money.
But I look like fucking Freddy Krueger.
I'm like, oh Jesus.
I say, fuck it.
Give me that fucking sledgehammer.
And I just did this, boom, one knock.
And I knocked out the whole fucking
row and i started bleeding like a stuck pig it was just blood all over the bathroom and now i'm
thinking and the boys are going and stewie knew right off the bat too bobby stewart he says uh
stewie's right off the bat he goes and now and now you're gonna figure out how you're gonna say
you did that on the ice i'm like you just passed me the sledgehammer. You've been waiting here the whole time for me to do this.
And that was true, though.
So my face is mangled.
And I'm like, I've got to go into the rink and have to ask that this didn't happen.
So I swear to God, Biz, I put my hat down over my face.
And I'm talking like this when I go in.
And I get there real early.
Me and Stewie, I said, you motherfucker, you'll come into the rink with me first and we'll go on the ice and and act like we're fucking out early like you know
looking to improve our game or some shit so so anyway we get there that's that's the biggest
joke of them all well we were at the west coast thing at that point i wasn't getting back up
um and kip's there and anyway so i'm like this but i'm like hey kiv how's everything going
buddy and i'm having you know how's the boy how's the wife and kids and like i'm talking
and i'm thinking the last thing these people are going to think is self-mutilation right like i did
not do that i'm like yeah yeah so we're having that conversation that i'm talking i'm yelling
out at stewie and i'm anyway i'm like stewie to get the fuck out on the ice so we go out on the
ice and like when i get on the ice i'm thinking all I got to do is slip on a puck.
We don't really have to do anything because it's just me and him out there.
And Stewie wires one right up by my fucking melon.
Boom, off the glass.
I said enough of that anyway.
I went down.
I wear a couperol, like a girdle, like a tight, you know, those old school things.
So I just put the teeth that I'd lost inside those because they stick to your body kind
of thing.
And then my face was raw enough that I just took my knuckle like that, my nail, and I
just kind of yanked my teeth and they just started leaking all over the place.
I took my teeth and I threw them over the ice next to the blood.
And then I went off and I went, Kip.
And he goes, you unlucky motherfucker.
I go, yeah, time to get the new teeth
ten thousand dollars later biz ten thousand out of here ten thousand dollars the only a few years
later this one is this has taken such a beating that i can't the the root doesn't work like it's
yeah i got the same problem i got a bridge right now. It is a good story, and the rest of them stayed in.
You've got a podcast that you do now.
Yes.
After you came on ours, you kind of got one going with a few local buddies.
Yeah, it's called Third Man In.
I enjoy it.
It's with Mike Hickey and Charles Pickett.
And the guys, it's different.
They're hockey fans.
Mike plays rec hockey.
Charles doesn't play at all, but he's a super fan.
And often, I tell you, to hear it from a super fan's perspective,
he often knows things that I don't about statistics and stuff,
and you're like, sometimes you take things for granted.
At first, I didn't know
really what I was getting into.
I wanted to just have my own thing
and interview people, kind of like we're doing now,
have a chat for an hour.
The boys sold me on having
the three of us do it it and i'm glad they did
they're real good people i enjoy where we're at and it's an excuse man to talk to buddies and
stuff i gravitate towards my buddies like i i know you guys have you encompass a lot more and
in no way and ever be in competition with you guys it's a different thing but i almost see i'll stop
you there it's not really that and i remember you were going to
get i think sheldon surrey on or somebody i felt bad about that somebody we just had on and you're
like you know i don't i don't want you to think i'm trying to step on your guy's toes and i'm like
man hockey fans deserve what we're doing yeah they i want them to hear all these behind the
scenes stories i don't i don't care who starts a podcast
i don't care if you use our lingo i don't care if you fucking quote us and don't reference us i don't
care as long as people are having a good time and the game of hockey is growing we're doing our part
so any any other players who might listen to ours thinking like oh you know we don't want to be the
second people to do it am i grateful that we're kind of the first podcast and you know we're the kind of the ogs in
that category and growing it and doing what we do yeah it's a cool feeling because no one can ever
throw the oh you're just copying this guy's shtick but i would never for once think that about anyone
else who is doing it the more the merrier we got john scott doing a podcast we have barnaby doing a
podcast now they're just going to bring out more stories with their buddies that they're comfortable
with and i agree with you in the sense of sticking to who we know it's a lot easier and a lot of
these younger guys is they're afraid to say anything because they feel like they're so
controlled by these teams i was i was a renegade in a sense where, like, at one point, yeah,
Phoenix was being like, yo, like, fucking tone her down.
But I didn't really tone it down.
Well, it's just real.
I beat by my own drum, and that's how I've always been.
Because they don't really give a fuck once you're done with them.
What are you going to do?
That's why the guests that you get are interesting.
What, you think I want to sit around the rink?
I mean, coaching would be fun, but I would have to start out and probably the coast or maybe this is
your hockey this is you ride on a bus all day long and get paid fucking peanuts this is fun man
this is what i like this is what i live i live for the stories and that's probably why i'm as
big a degenerate as i am well i guess biz i I always, I'm aware of what goes on around me
and the timing of mine
just seemed odd
because you guys invited me on
but for years
people have been talking about it.
I guess that's why I was coming.
I just wanted to be respectful to you
and I sent you a message
because Sheldon is my buddy
but you guys had him on.
But another thing
that people don't realize,
like a month after I did
Spitting Chicklets last summer
and again, I cringe.
I know they were good stories,
I guess fans liked it.
But I felt I was being a bit ignorant to you guys.
But anyway, Biz flew me up.
Well, not flew me up, but I was in Toronto anyway on the way to Bermuda.
And we did a gig at the Rec Room and couldn't have been any nicer.
So, yeah, I know now, knowing you, that that's the last fucking thing on your mind is you think that I'm trying to tread on your feet.
No, I just want to entertain the people.
Yeah, and now you're here in Newfoundland, right?
It was just less than a year ago, so it's come full circle.
It has.
You know us over at Spit and Chicklets love talking about wrenches.
So it's time for a little wrench talk brought to you by our new friends over at Trojan Condoms.
Sex.
We all love it.
There is no denying it.
I mean, you all know we're pretty
open about our personal love lives. I'm a single man still meeting girls and living my best life,
just like I did when I was an NHL rookie. Witt is all wifed up now, but we all know back in his NHL
days when Crosby was helping him cash checks, not a big deal. He was running wild. R.A. is an
experienced vet that lived through the sex-craze 70s. God, I don't want
to imagine that. Fuck it. Even Grinnell is out there getting his pecker wet. It's a big sexy
world out there and damn it, we at Spit and Chicklets embrace it. We all have done it and we
don't plan on stopping anytime soon and you shouldn't either. Sex is the best. But when you're
out there in the trenches getting the deed done, we want you to all be safe.
You never know when some rocket at the bar will want to bring you back to your place,
and it's always important to be prepared.
And that's why you should always have a Trojan brand condom with you.
STIs and unintended pregnancies are something we all want to avoid,
and there's no other brand out there I would allow anywhere near my wrench.
Or trust like
i do trojan condoms i want you guys out there having a good time but i want you guys staying
safe while you do it and no other brand out there would get my recommendation like trojan condoms
and mikey grinelli has a question so you've told us a lot about teddy personal these couple
these past few days he's a new fee a lot of people don't know that you guys have kind of grown up together.
You called him Teddy LA before you
even moved to LA because you thought he was a big
time in you guys. So tell us about
that. Well, man. Well, Teddy,
first of all, I couldn't sell
anybody on him.
Him growing up, he was a magician.
He was
the best minor hockey player you'd
see. He took the local midget team,
and they nearly won the Air Canada Cup.
They came third, which is a big thing for a Newfoundland team,
the Air Canada Cup's National Midget Championship,
largely with Teddy.
He had a good group around him, but Teddy was unbelievable.
And I was calling all these teams, and no one would bite.
A lot of them said he was small, and he was.
And he wasn't physical, but the upside of his skill to me was through the roof.
I couldn't believe what I was watching.
But I started to doubt myself as a scout.
Not that he was even a scout, just as a hockey knowledgeable guy,
because I'm going, this guy is a magician.
Sure enough, he doesn't make major junior, but he goes out,
plays in Wilcox, Saskatchewan, and Notre Dame,
and then he goes to the USHL, and then he signs in Maine.
And I knew when he went to Maine, I go, I know he can do it. And when he does, it's just going to be
if he gets signed in the NHL. And he did. But while that was going on, we would be playing
together. Teddy would be 10 or 12 years old. And that was when I was first aware of him.
And I went to a lot of his games. And then when he became 16 or 17, well, he came onto the scene.
And he was one of the guys that phoned and
wanted to be in seniors basement i told you it's almost like a rite of passage for an athlete
around here teddy was in here when he was 18 years old and i don't want to give the idea that he was
in here like already in a shit face but he had beers in seniors basement yeah he did uh when he
was younger and we spent some time together i think actually one of those summers i almost blew
his mind but he just came back back and all my friends were visiting.
He ended up having the Teddy Purcell and Ryan Clow Golf Tournament
during the George Street Festival
and being a legendary hockey player and partier in St. John's.
But Teddy and I, I guess, have a respect for each other.
There's not a lot of guys, like I said, from here that have played in the NHL at all.
So even though I wasn't as successful as Teddy,
I guess he grew up looking up to me a little bit and that rubbed off and we remained friends. We never talked about the riders last
time you were on. Clow. Was it Ryan Clow? Excuse me. Yeah. Ryan would have come on with you,
but he's in Florida right now. Yeah. Yeah. And Ryan, you know, another good player. Think about
it. Ryan would have in the NHL 20 to 25 goals a year in his best years, 200 penalty minutes.
Solid guy.
Good guy, too.
Late bloomer.
Chloe went.
Chloe left.
Wouldn't take no for an answer.
Tried out for the Halifax Mooseheads.
Got cut.
Tried out for the Junior A team.
Got cut.
Played Junior B at 17.
He didn't go up to the Q at 16 or anything.
He didn't even make the high school team at 16.
18, he goes up, makes Rimouski.
The rest is history, but Chloe
was a very late bloomer. Couldn't skate
for the fucking length of himself. Good hands.
But he had the work ethic, too.
He was determined that he was going to get out of here.
I'm not surprised he made it, but just
the leaps and bounds that he came.
Chloe snuck into the draft.
He went in the sixth round, but he must have been an 18- and 19-year-old when he did it.
He left late.
But I was less surprised by Teddy, even though Teddy didn't get drafted,
because Chloe really couldn't skate.
He was like a Bambi on ice.
When he learned and he got strong, I knew from that point then the sky was the limit because he's tough.
What about the Ryder boys, a couple other guys from here?
Yeah, great hockey players.
They're from Bonavista, where Adam Party's from,
and Mitchell and Matthew Bragg, Andrew Sweetland.
These guys played.
Tiny town, though, right?
You said it's a really, really small town?
Very small town.
So, like, Clarenville has a team in the local senior league
that's about an hour and a half away.
That's, like, 40 minutes beyond Clarenville has a team in the local senior league that's about an hour and a half away. That's like 40 minutes beyond Clarenville towards nothingness.
Like it's, I mean, not towards a town.
I mean, it's a beautiful place.
But anyway, yeah.
And so the fact that they had that team that they did is unbelievable.
Those kids must have hung out and played hockey every day.
Not to knock Bonavista, but if we go there now,
you know, they're probably playing against teams
the same size. Bonavista would
beat St. John's. Kind of like my dad told
you the story about Grand Falls, but
sometimes being a small town is your advantage.
If you hang out and you're a tight group,
in here you've got St. John's
selects, and some guys go home
and don't really hang out with each other during
the week. They might go to
hockey camp together because their parents paid 500 for that week. Right. You know, they might go to hockey camp together
because their parents paid 500 bucks for that week.
They might go buy their new fucking 1,000 skates together.
But the boys are out there just fucking playing with a soda pop can
and fucking shoes as nets.
You know what I mean?
Like growing up, like if, you know,
you do whatever you can in the small towns to hang out together.
And to me, I think that's why that particular group took off.
That's why you also mentioned today one of the things that your father taught you at an early age,
being an only child, was that team mentality.
Yeah.
You mentioned that earlier today.
He really did.
Yeah.
Well, and Biz, like I said.
He stressed it.
And he knew how important that was in order to have success.
That's why when I told you, when I came back from the Quebec Pee peewee tournament and told him that i was scouted i was going to go
play with vancouver he said no no wait a minute we'll take a team and that was i was like yeah i
guess we will like dad was always thinking like that but he'd been through it right so i was real
fortunate to have that to have someone that went through and had a very similar experience to
myself and dad quickly knew like one of the
things i guess that he realized was that the quicker you're a team player the further you'll
go and you got to get that through your head and it's a hard line to you know like you said there's
guys competing for the same job but as a rule and i think in the end um being an only child like i
said and going away at such an early age and being that was traumatizing for me my teammates became my brothers and it's probably why to this day I still keep in touch with so many people
um that I played hockey with because I feel that they've they're part of my extended family
you mentioned Sean Thornton yeah any good stories about him how'd you become buddies with him
Thornton asked me to fight he wasn't signed with the Leafs he was I was playing for the
Fredericton or the Montreal Canadiens um rookies and he was playing for the Leafs. I was playing for the Montreal Canadiens rookies
and he was playing for the Leafs rookies.
We were in Timmins and
New Liskard, Ontario and there was a third place
I can't remember. New Liskard's not far from
North Bay. Not far, yeah.
We ended up playing an exhibition in North Bay.
On this particular weekend, we were
up there to play three games in three nights
and you know the way those go. No rules.
And if there was a couple of tough
guys going for a spot, that would
dominate everything because they'd be going after everyone.
Like, you know, it wasn't a game
that any skill guys in my mind should ever...
The games shouldn't have been played, I mean, for fuck's sakes.
Looking back, it was a bit of fun to tell the story
but they were scary because you knew that
anybody who remotely had one little
tiny bit of fight in them
was going to get in a fight
because everybody was auditioning and, you know, you're not going to turn down that.
So authority just came to me.
I didn't know him at all.
Like before the game, he said, I'm trying out for this team, man.
He said, you want to make Montreal, don't you?
I guess he just looked at the stats and where I got drafted and then I fought.
He said, let's do it.
Do you mind?
Just like that.
And so we went out.
I didn't know him from Adam.
We fought behind the net.
It was pretty good.
And then the next night he looked at me and it was almost we trusted each other that we'd have another good one.
And we did.
And the next night we did again.
Come on.
Three for three?
We fought three times.
Now the next one he beat me pretty good though.
I don't even know if he remembers that.
The last time I told that story.
But he did though.
I remember he beat me pretty good the third one.
He got on me pretty good.
But then anyway, but there's a level of respect.
But then he played for the St.
He made St. John's.
Then he did sign with Toronto against the odds.
Way to go, 30.
He didn't play much.
He was their last guy.
I don't want to say worst player because that wasn't true, but he was their last guy.
I don't think anybody realized he could play yet.
And I was in Freddie as like, you know, on the first line with David Ling and things
as the year progressed.
But, you know, Tarion liked it if I fought.
And I knew that Thority was a gamer and I knew that if I fought him, I would be respected
because he was real tough.
So it's one on YouTube there in front of the net.
We fought in overtime early that year.
And Thority, I think, got a bit of praise for getting me off the ice.
I was scoring a little bit.
It was my first games at home.
Yeah, you can't let them take you off the ice like that.
Yeah, but not that I was a fucking hero,
but it was my first games at home, and energy was there,
and I already scored a goal.
Ah, okay.
Now you're going for the Gordie.
Yeah, baby.
Well.
Was that the night you finally got laid?
Remember you said you got the Gordie Howe Hatcher?
Well, that was in Quinnell when I was 14 years old.
No, this was when I was about 21.
But the next season, you see, I came here.
When I was holding out of Montreal, I played in St. John's.
Thorny was still here on the St. John's Maple Leafs.
So then we played together all year.
But mostly it was any combination of myself, Sean Thornton,
Ryan Pepperall, Aaron Brand, who led the own scoring one year,
and Jason Sessa, and we would all play on the third and fourth line,
whatever mix of that.
But Thornton, I was there, and I saw what Thornton did.
Thornton was, it's a hard line, and you know that line that you've got to tread.
Thornton was like, he was a good-time Charlie in the bar,
the kind of guy to get everybody going, but he also had to be at the rink first
or he'd get fucking caught, and he had to work his fucking nuts off,
and he had to be working out and get big and learn how to fight at the sameink first or he'd get fucking cut. And he had to work his fucking nuts off. And he had to be working out and get big
and learn how to fight at the same time,
learn how to play a role.
Thornton was doing everything.
He was a busy man.
And he's a great role model.
He came in here a lot.
We used to hang out a whole lot.
Of course, life gets in the way.
But I can't say enough good about Sean Thornton.
We had a blast here.
We took total advantage of playing in St. John's
and having a good home base to play in front of.
Do you have any other questions for him?
Oh, God.
We covered a lot in the video series.
I'm very excited for everybody to see everything.
The Beatles.
I think you should talk about the Beatles real quick.
You had the Beatles tattoo on you.
Yeah, a lot of people asked me about that.
I got the tattoo, and my dad, he's wearing his beetle stuff all weekend and my daughter's name is penny lane
which is a beetle song for those that don't know although if you don't know
fucking put down everything and go listen to penny lane for fuck's sakes if you don't know that
there's no odds about you but anyway um yeah you know i don't want to say that I follow my dad and do everything he does, but I do think he's a smart man.
And growing up, I do, you know, genetically, I tend to gravitate towards his taste, maybe.
But all those records over there on the wall, you see, like I said, on Fridays, we would come here and we would spin them.
And of all them, he would always tell me how important the Beatles were.
And my buddies, I like them, but my buddies would come down and some of them didn't love the Beatles,
but I'd hear him talk and he's like,
man, even if you don't like them,
you should appreciate them
and you should know about them
because they changed the world.
And I'd be like, what do you mean?
He said, well, the message was love, first of all,
and the world was going through a hard time
and they transcended music.
The Beatles set trends.
They were the first bands
to really be taken seriously politically.
Even when they broke up, I mean, John Lennon, you could take
the one song, Imagine, and I mean
there's so many themes
in that song represented. And I just
think that they're very important. If I had lived
when Mozart lived, I would have
been a fan. And I think people would
have started realizing that this guy is obviously special.
Well, I think the Beatles are special
and I love music in general.
I mean, it's a big part of our lives, clearly.
But, you know, I went out to Tri-City
in the early 90s, guys,
and I lived through the grunge movement.
It was great.
It was great in the early 90s.
I experienced all that.
I saw Nirvana play.
Right?
I saw them play.
But the thing is, it wasn't the same.
I love them, and artistically,
I think they're right up there
because people compare.
But, you know, the message wasn't love. It was angst, wasnst wasn't it was a bit of frustration it was great it was creative but with the beatles all that was going on and you know even though they weren't
at woodstock you know you they kind of created that and yeah i don't think woodstock would have
ever happened first of all if it wasn't for the beatles but things like that you know and wearing
your hair long and even musicians writing their own songs.
I love Elvis, but he didn't write his own stuff.
Elvis, I think, wrote In the Ghetto or part of it.
He didn't write his own stuff, right?
The Beatles were saying, you know, no one wrote their own stuff.
The Beatles are going, wait, wait, wait, I want to do this.
We just showed you those album covers.
Well, people didn't do that.
The Beatles were the first band to do album covers and put art on the front.
Sgt. Pepper is the first album that has lyrics written on the back so you can tell what's going on. The Beatles did all do that. The Beatles were the first band to do album covers and put art on the front. Sgt. Pepper is the first album that has lyrics written on the back
so you can tell what's going on.
The Beatles did all of that.
The Beatles were the first band to play a stadium.
Elvis was going around playing gymnasiums or little tiny places.
Of course, he played in Kalamazoo in the 70s
because the Beatles had already broken it open.
But the Beatles' last concert was in Shea Stadium.
No one had ever done that.
Now that's normal. At the the time it was absurd what happened um Sgt. Pepper is the first uh concept album where
one song for a little bit of it now flows into the next and it's all kind of the concept of Sgt.
Pepper and they're stepping outside themselves right and Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds you know
what that song's about L right Lucy right, Lucy, sky, diamonds.
L-S-D, right?
Picture yourself in a boat on a river with tangerine trees and marmalade skies, right?
Here's some LSD, right?
They're turning the whole world on at the time, right?
Like George Thorogood says in a nice clip on YouTube, he said, you know,
when I saw the Beatles on Ed Sullivan, my world went technicolor.
He said it was a hard time.
It was the structuralist 50s we were coming out of.
And he said all of a sudden these guys were happy.
And they wore their hair like they wanted to wear it.
And they wrote their own songs.
And they played what they wanted to play.
And that, I think, that gets lost looking back because everybody does that now.
But I think if you would live during that time, it would have blown your mind away as it did
or else we still wouldn't be talking about them, right?
Fuck, Grinnelli, that was a great question.
Thanks, man.
It's hard.
I'm so like, you know, I've been experiencing it all week,
but it's nice because some people might not get to hear it
on the YouTube videos, whereas like that just,
I mean, that was very informational about somebody a lot of people
listening who don't really care about the beatles well and they will now respect them and the beatles
led you to a conversation with carmen electro no yeah that's the other thing right there you go
grinnelly's fucking if you know you've been notepadding this shit oh yeah if you uh any any
the other thing yeah if you know a lot of lot about the Beatles, for example, or other zeitgeists of the culture, you will find yourself in a lot of interesting conversations.
You talked to Alan Doyle today.
What do you think the first thing I talked about in my life with Alan Doyle was?
A famous musician from here we talked about today.
The Beatles.
From Green Bay City?
The Beatles.
And you know what he did?
So the Beatles came out with Sgt. Pepper.
You ever hear the song Brian Wilson, the line in bed like Brian Wilson did?
Well, the story is fairly accurate.
He couldn't beat that.
Beach Boys' best album is called Pet Sounds, at least critically acclaimed.
But when Wilson, and Wilson was a genius in his head.
He created almost all that on his own.
It wasn't the other Beach Boys for the most part.
It was Brian Wilson.
Brian Wilson heard Sgt. Pepper, and that's when he went,
what do I do here?
He was an artist.
He wanted to create the best, and he said, I can't do this.
I can't create anything better.
This is a well-documented story.
I don't know if that specifically only made him go crazy
and stay in bed for 10 years or whatever it was.
But it had something to do with it.
And but the Beach Boys were great.
And I love the Beach Boys.
So Alan Doyle showed up at this house after our conversation with Pet Sounds Acapella.
He came up with someone.
He met someone over the years and he gave it to me.
And we became friends like that.
And that was years ago.
Like I said.
What about Carmen Electra?
Yeah, she was totally cold.
The only reason that the Beatles came up here is because she was sitting with Sporty Spice, Mel B, and she was from London.
But even during all that, guys, I took advantage of every single thing like that.
So I'mlike, you know, I probably shouldn't have been at that party and been our representative, to be honest.
Well, explain the setting now.
You know, I probably shouldn't have been at that party and been our representative, to be honest.
Well, explain the setting now.
It was the opening of Planet Hollywood in about 98 or 99 in Montreal.
And we would always get invited to these things.
And like I said, in 96, 97, I guess it was 97 then.
So 96, 97, I was on the team for most of the year.
I just played three games. A, I was hurt, and B, they wanted me to practice and not go back to junior.
So, but with that, you know, you get invited to a lot of events and b they wanted me to practice and i not go back to junior so but with
that you know you get invited to a lot of events and you meet a lot of i mean that's how i know
jim cuddy from blue rodeo you know i met them during these times and i would always take
advantage of it because i would say like i am right now i'm on the montreal canadians i think
if i'm not there's a whole you're not lying no and there's a lot different with the frederton
canadians and the montreal Montreal Canadians. So I'm here.
I'm invited.
I'm a Canadian.
I'm going to take advantage of it.
So I, especially when fucking Planet Hollywood, are you kidding me?
So, you know, the red carpet came out.
I flew my buddy up.
The guy in the picture with me is Paul Eels, just a local baseball player I was playing with the day before.
I said, you know, you want to come with me?
Let's fly up.
So we went up and, you know, Schwarzenegger was there and stallone and wesley snipes and all these people and anyway there was the table with carmen electro of course where i'm going to go and
gravitate of course so we went over there and they were all real nice and i was with jose theater too
who's like you want to use the word man rocket right there i don't know if there's a bigger one
at the time and he ended up being the nhl mvp a couple years later but anyway he was with us it was always good to go out in montreal with theo um and i like i said i remember having
a good night i probably exaggerated but we ended up meeting some real hot women i don't know if
they were carmen electra style but yeah but she wouldn't say boo she was just no stubble one word
answers no stubble one word answers no stubble she was beautiful though but you know she was
with dennis robman well i think that wraps things up we kind of got off the rails there a little bit Answers. No stubble there. One word answers. No stubble. She was beautiful, though. But, you know, she was with Dennis Rodman.
Well, I think that wraps things up.
We kind of got off the rails there a little bit.
Hey, anything you guys want to talk about, I'm game.
I know.
But, you know, I'll probably be on at some point in the future again, Biz.
Maybe it'll be a yearly thing.
Who knows?
Oh, I'd come here every year.
Well, that wraps things up, Terry.
We appreciate your time.
This has been an unbelievable three days in St. John's, Newfoundland.
And maybe I'll start calling it newfoundland new like it like it is called first at first when you first came in you said saint john newfoundland first of all if you said saint john in public
you're going to get a punch in the face because it's saint john's and it's newfoundland but we'll
throw you a bone in that a lot i'm not a name guy and everyone knows that listening so they're
going to give me the benefit of the doubt and we're going to wrap this up
and let's hope that our
transgender story brought
light to a subject and
Aaron Asher, should we ask?
No, we're not going to answer that phone call
but hopefully our
transgender talk opens and sheds some light
on a very sensitive topic and I
hope no one received it the wrong way.
Exactly. Glad you got back to, and I hope no one received it the wrong way. Exactly.
Glad you got back to that.
I hope so, too.
And I want to thank you again
on behalf of everybody that you've interviewed
here this week,
and on behalf of my family especially,
because I know there's a bit of a shtick
and we have a little bit of fun,
but for you to come down here
and pay this much attention.
My dad, if there's anything
that that man loves is stories,
and he loves the life that he's led.
And for you guys to put this out here
and this level of publicity,
it brings a tear to my eye
because I know what he thinks of it, Biz,
and you too, G, and the boys.
Thank you guys.
I really appreciate everything you've done for us this week.
You are special people and this is a special place
and I can't wait for people to see it.
And thanks for screeching me in.
That was a good time.
I can't wait till people see that footage. No problem. Grinnell,. That was a good time. I can't wait until people see that footage.
No problem.
Grinnelli got a little action.
Good to see you, man.
You want to get action on the island this weekend.
A little codfish.
Nice.
Anyway, that wraps things up.
Thanks, guys.
That interview was also brought to you by Gong Show.
Boys, we talk about it on the show all the time.
Hockey players have gigantic asses.
We saw Grinnelli drooling all over Crosby's thighs when we were up Nova Scotia a couple months back.
Dudes cannot find jeans to fit them.
Hockey players in particular have big thighs and big asses.
That's why Gong Show has redesigned a standard pair of jeans.
The new hockey leggings jeans are made by hockey players for hockey players using an engineered stretchable denim to give you that extra room where you need it most.
all hockey players using an engineered stretchable denim to give you that extra room where you need it most.
The days of squeezing your hockey ass into uncomfortable, tight-fitting jeans are over.
Priced at 85 a pair, these beauties won't break the bank or your eggs,
and you'll actually have some extra change left over for the next round at the bar for the boys, unless you're biz. If they don't make the cut, Gong Show offers free returns and exchanges
as part of their beauty service guarantee.
So right now, exclusive to our listeners,
you can use the code CHICKLETS
or just head to gongshow.com slash CHICKLETS
to get 15 off your next order.
That code again is CHICKLETS,
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
or head to gongshow.com slash chicklets for 15 off.
Give the Gong Show Hockey Legs jeans a try.
Your hockey legs and ass will thank you.
Once again, big thank you to Terry Ryan.
And for those of you who haven't seen the Road Warriors, it was a lot.
I mean, I like the mic.
Terry Ryan likes the mic.
Terry Ryan Sr. likes two mics.
So, you know
it might not be everybody's cup of tea but we hopefully hopefully you enjoyed it and part two
will be coming out friday and that that one's a little bit slower pace we spent a little bit more
time in the in the basement and uh as terry mentioned that interview his love for the beatles
his his father gets into it a little bit as well. So some very good insight. And, Whit, I got to ask you something.
You texted the group chat not too long ago,
and this is exactly the text you sent.
Remind me to talk about people mentioning business clothes on a golf course.
And that was obviously the CCM Sandbagger Invitational.
And, listen, I was taking a lot of abuse.
You were getting a little bit, too, for rocking a Henley,
and you love your Henleys.
Oh, I love them. They're the most comfy, best looking shirts going. And the thing that drove me nuts is we checked the forecast. We're flying in there the night before we were supposed
to play golf, but then we looked the night before it looked like 90 rain the entire day. So both of
us were like, all right, we're not going to bring golf goals. You're not probably not going to have
to golf or not have to golf. We're not going to be playing golf. What do you know?
It gets nice out after the interviews, let's go swing them. So we go in,
I had no, at least I bought golf pants in there and like golf shoes.
They didn't give a shit. So everyone's like,
how are you guys dressed like that? Because the pros like guys,
don't worry about it. Go right ahead. So biz had his gear on.
I had my Henley on and we didn't buy a golf shirt just because some guy on twitter wanted us to have a collared shirt on playing golf so it was like i'm
like people like how are you dressed like that on the course because they let us i mean you're
gonna dress however you can the only reason i wear golf clothes is because you have to on most courses
so i didn't mind your look actually biz i mean yeah i, I was getting my joggers. Like I give a shit fucking thousand kills figuring out,
um,
Grinnell,
speaking of the golf situation,
who,
uh,
who won the poll,
the Twitter poll.
So,
uh,
with,
uh,
great pleasure.
I say that biz nasty is the people have answered.
And in the case of biz nasty being a sand sandbagger,
and he is not guilty. He is not 54 of people believe biz nasty being a sand sandbagger and he is not guilty he is not
54 of people believe that was not a sandbagger it actually jumped up to 55 well there you go
and well as noted the poll is not binding that's what a judge is for right i mean what do you think
what is your general consensus after hearing both of our arguments and we'll move on quickly yeah
well we said we
were going to get it yeah the poll is not binding we just ran the poll but uh you know biz i did
listen to the testimony and you did admit in within your own testimony that perhaps you should
have been maybe a 16 handicapped so you essentially admitted guilt uh in that statement however i
would compare it to sort of a manslaughter. You didn't commit murder one here.
You kind of maybe accidentally sandbagged.
I don't think it was deliberate and fully thought out.
However, you weren't a 20 handicap, so I do have to levy a fine in this situation.
I find you guilty of sandbagging in the third degree.
I think that's the last degree, the manslaughter version of sandbagging.
And the penalty will be the next time us four knuckleheads are together,
which will probably be very soon in New York City.
You have to take us out to a high-end restaurant.
Look at R.A. leveraging Krasny and McKinnon's tab to get himself a meal.
Now, yeah, all right, fine.
Second meal.
I was going to say leverage it to a guaranteed rematch against those two guys,
which is going to happen because they've both texted me they want a rematch.
And I'll even be nice enough to go down to a 14, maybe even a 13 handicap.
Would that be reasonable, Whit?
Yeah, they're going to get down meat again.
All right.
That's all I got for the golf talk.
All right.
So that settles the old kangaroo court stuff.
We didn't have, August dog days of summer,
not a whole hell of a lot going on,
by the way,
I love the dude.
What we tweeted out the actually Grinnell,
you tweeted out on Tuesday.
The picture was two years to the day that Charlie McEvoy was at my place.
Two years ago,
we did the interview and someone's like,
Oh,
I'm here to refresh for the comments on our's pad and i'm like bro if you want to tool on my eight hundred thousand dollars single family
house that i flipped i can have at it buddy suck on that all right i almost came to your defense
there i was gonna say that place was fucking awesome i missed it like oh dunkin donuts all
over the place it's like yeah there were two cups in there people are just crazy when they i'm like they see something online they just like it's, Dunkin' Donuts all over the place. It's like, yeah, there were two cups in there. People are just crazy when they  and, like, they see something online.
It's almost like they make shit up.
But, yeah, so go ahead.
Speaking of making shit up online, R.A., with a picture of my Quebec Pee Wee
World Championship team, Brian McConnell, Brian Yandel, Jack Really,
I'm not in the picture.
And R.A. writes, and here we have a young wit dog.
So it wasn't even me.
Yeah, well, it was pointed out to me by whoever saw it.
And I don't speak French.
I deciphered as much as I could.
I think the kid was wearing 19 in the picture.
Nine, Brian.
Okay.
By the way, why did he have different pants on than Yandel?
Did you notice that?
He had different pants on?
We were a white trash outfit team.
I don't know.
I guess we didn't match pants.
I got to see the picture again.
We didn't have matching pants?
I'm pretty sure the guy I thought was you because I was like,
damn, is that Whitman?
He had an awkward phase for a little bit there,
but it turns out it wasn't you, so a little bit of fake news there.
I'm still in the awkward phase.
If I can join the club.
Only real, I guess, news of note is that Mitch Marner started playing
footsies with Switzerland, per our buddy Darren Drager.
Quote, Marner camp has had discussions with Zurich.
That's a place in Switzerland, for those who don't know.
Wouldn't be surprised to see him go there to train in early September.
Dubas and Ferris met last week.
Positive talks, but no progress.
So I don't know if it's, you know, fucking gamesmanship from Minus Camp
or if he legitimately wants to go to play to stay in shape.
But that's the only real major development going on.
It's just it's the dead time of the year.
What's your stance on this biz?
I think if I'm the GM, I say go.
Go overseas and play.
Go have a great year congratulations
i know and and leafs fans might think i'm think i'm fucking crazy i it's hard to it's hard to
keep having this argument if you don't know what the legitimate number that that toronto is offering
them if it's 10 and a half million a year and and he's playing this game and they're offering
him an eight-year deal i don't know man at some point you got to
have some stones as a gm and say and say fuck you go go overseas and go rot go what would he even
make over there a million bucks he'd be burning i don't even think he'd make that in switzerland
okay so let's let's let's say 500 000 conservatively okay leave your 10 million on the
table and go rot you just screwed you screwed yourself out of everything that you're arguing for
over the next seven years.
Am I crazy to think that?
I know he's their most important player, maybe second best.
I mean, that could be debated all day long.
We talked about this, whether it was last episode or two ago.
We did. It was last episode.
And I'm sure people are sick and tired of hearing about the Toronto Maple Leaf leafs and their their free agency or their i wouldn't say their free agency
sorry their their signing situations but i don't know man what do you think whit i think you said
it perfectly um imagine if they did find actually think and say all right fuck it we'll just take a
beating for not signing but we've offered a fair amount. Go ahead. And then that's the actual way that they could call his bluff.
That's the only way.
Like, all right, dude, play the whole year.
And then December comes, and if they're struggling,
he ends up getting signed.
But if not, if the GM actually stuck to it,
he's got to be like, what am I doing?
I'm not in the NHL right now.
They somehow have that sort of leverage, a little bit at least.
I mean, hard to see the way it was going to play out,
but I think they might have bit themselves in the ass a little bit
with the Nylander situation where if they would have said fucking rot to him,
I don't know if Marner would be pulling this shit.
It's a little easier knowing that there's probably going to be room
for them to cave, and it might take a month or two
for him to get exactly what he wants.
But if you look at the Nylander situation and they actually make that guy sit out a year
and say, no, we're going to either give you this deal that we were going to offer you
or you can go sit out a whole year, it changes a lot of things moving forward
knowing that the GM's really serious and you're not going to play a full year
during the prime of your career in the NHL and you're going to have to go overseas to do it?
It has nothing to do  I have nothing against Marner.
I just think that the number that they must be asking for is delusional.
It reminds me of the old Harry Sinden quote when  who was it?
Joey Judo was threatening to go play over in  I believe it was Switzerland
as well, and Harry Sinden said, practice your yodeling.. And I believe it was Switzerland as well.
And Harry Sinden said, practice your yodeling.
Like, go fuck yourself, pal.
Oh, really?
Oh, yeah.
Harry Sinden didn't give two shits when he was dealing with contracts. And, yeah, I'm pretty sure Joey, as you know,
didn't end up going over to Switzerland.
Inmates running the asylum these days.
All these young kids just get whatever they want.
Yeah.
It's a different game.
Different game. Another quick
newfie fact for you, Biz.
The Newfoundland Growlers won the
ETHL Kelly Cup this past year,
which we discussed at length.
It was the first professional
hockey trophy in Newfoundland history.
Wow. Yeah. You're just full
of the fun facts tonight, Ari. Full of them.
You're just crushing that province.
And Biz got to party with the Cup in the Road Warriors on our YouTube page.
Check that out.
Yeah, we finally got in touch with Zach O'Brien,
who was actually the MVP from there as well.
And we mentioned in the video,
some people try to make a big deal about it in an article after we were there
because Grinelli posted a picture on the Spit and Chicklets account.
But they went over to the strip club there.
I forget the name of it.
And they had a little bit of fun.
And I think one of the strippers dropped the trophy and it broke.
But it was the fake trophy because they still don't have the real one,
which the Colorado Eagles have hostage until they get their fine money back.
And we went through that story.
So great seeing Zach O'Brien and a few of his teammates.
And congratulations to them on winning that championship.
What do you think?
Should we go over to the next Newfoundland legend on the show,
Teddy Purcell, or what?
Let's do it.
Teddy's a fucking riot.
I always love talking to him.
So without further ado, let's send it over to Teddy Purcell.
This interview was brought to you by NHTSA.
From August 14th through September 2nd,
cops across the U.S. will
be increasing enforcement on impaired drivers. There are three main message focal points for
the Labor Day Impaired Driving Campaign. Drunk driving in a vehicle, drunk riding on a motorcycle,
and drug impaired driving. As far as no big deal talking points, you knew the risk of driving
drunk. There could be a crash, people could get hurt or killed. You could get arrested, incur huge legal expenses, and possibly even lose your job.
You knew the consequences of driving drunk, and you were wrong when you said it was no big deal.
So drive sober or get pulled over. Hashtag drive sober. As far as the motorcycle, well,
the motorcycle man in the mirror, if you can't trust yourself when you've been drinking,
if you drink, don't ride. It's that simple. Ride sober or get pulled over. Hashtag ride sober.
And also feel different, okay? A DUI covers more than just alcohol. Drugs that make you feel
different will make you drive different, and you could get a DUI. It's not always drinking.
It could be over-the-counter drugs, whatever whatever. Always remember though, if you feel different,
you drive different.
Never drive high,
drive high,
get a DUI.
We are now pleased to be joined by one of our best buddies.
We're going to talk to a famous man from,
if you understand Newfoundland,
that's how he told me to describe where he's from.
Perfectly.
Teddy Purcell.
Thank you so much for coming on the podcast on a special
Newfoundland episode.
Whit, you
fucked it up again.
The issue
now is I'm trying to think of the word
understand as I say Newfoundland, so
it's just a complete disaster in my brain.
I know it's tough. I appreciate that you
guys are trying, and I thought it was even
cooler that you guys made the effort to get up there.
I was just a little sad that I couldn't make it work in my busy schedule,
that I'm an entrepreneur and a philanthropist and a yogi right now.
I just couldn't fit in. Fuck's sakes.
That's probably why people started saying the word Newfie,
because they couldn't figure out how to fully pronounce the understand Newfoundland.
And now every time I say it, I'm 100.
What's your take on Newfie? Do you think it's a derisive term? Some do. Are you one of them? fully pronounce the understand Newfoundland. And now every time I say it. A hundred percent. A hundred percent.
What's your take on Newfie?
Do you think it's a derisive term?
Some do.
Are you one of them?
No, I don't.
I love it.
We're like the only people in the country that laugh at our own jokes.
We sit around Newfies and tell Newfie jokes,
and the guys are dying laughing.
I just asked Chloe,
why are Newfoundlanders looked at as the weirdo cousins of Canada?
No disrespect. No, I know. Hey, no are Newfoundlanders looked at as the weirdo cousins of Canada? No disrespect.
No, I know.
Hey, no disrespect.
I don't know.
I think because we're so far out there.
No one really learns about us.
No one really cares about us.
The Titanic sounds like two hours from our house.
So we're way out there.
Obviously not that close. But then an old premier made her own time zone.
So we have our own time zone, so we have our own time
zone, so we're an hour and a half ahead of
Eastern time. Does anywhere else in the world
have an extra half hour?
The fact that it's just the 30 minutes
too, and you know it was some Newfoundlander
that's like, that's three extra
beers at the bar before I gotta go home.
Just get me that 30 minutes.
Exactly. Joey Smallwood, he's probably a
booze bag. He used to be the premier, and he wanted to make Newfoundland
their own little identity, and now we get jokes made fun of us forever,
but I don't give a shit.
People back there are great.
Everyone likes to go to Newfoundland, so fuck it.
I mean, talk about the drinking culture there,
because it's unlike anything else.
I know.
It's almost like Ireland a little bit.
Yeah.
If you can see over the bar you're getting served
I remember the first time I went to Ireland
And all these Newfie tunes were on
The same ones like
Bears played on your golf trip right now
With all those Newfie jigs and stuff
Oh we were bumping them today
Yeah me and Nate Thompson were over in Ireland
And I remember I called my dad
And I was singing all the songs
And Nate was like how do you know these I'm like these fucking idiots stole them from us I called my dad and I was singing all the songs. Nate was like, how do you know these?
I'm like,
he's fucking idiot.
Stolen from us.
I called my dad.
I'm like,
dad,
I knew every song.
He's like,
you idiot.
We stole them from Ireland.
But the people are,
the people are great.
There's a lot of,
I mean,
in the wintertime,
it's tough.
There's not much to do.
There's snow as high as your house,
but especially in the summertime,
you know, there's so much to see. It's as high as your house but especially in the summertime you know there's so much to see it's called a rock for a reason the scenery is unbelievable and people are just friendly and everything like centers around the drink like
people don't lock their doors they just walk in uninvited but they're always invited and
first thing they say is like what are you drinking you want to drink so everything's very social and
uh no one's out for bad blood everyone wants to have a good time and enjoy life.
And it was a pretty cool place to grow up.
Obviously I'm pretty social and friendly guy.
And I think that's where it all stems from.
No.
So you've,
so you've been screeched in then cause Grinnelly did and you ended up making
out with a cod.
Like normally you're supposed to just give a little peck,
but Grinnelly was trying to take the down.
I've actually seen Grinnelli in L.A.
That cod looked better than the couple he took down out west.
Kills a kill.
Kills a kill.
No, but no, if you're an actual newbie, you don't have to do that.
But I still have trouble saying this saying,
and I screech in a bunch of buddies, but it's all in good fun.
So, Teddy, you're extremely missed right now on this
golf trip in Wisconsin, one you've been on
before, and there's a famous
Newfie and Dan Cleary who runs the whole show,
and you should see him right now on his soapbox
about his handicap. Today,
he said this, Teddy, it doesn't matter
what anyone thinks. I make the final decision
in this golf tournament.
He sent
me a video. He goes, you know, he's 11 handicap, I think,
and he shot in the 70s again.
And he goes, yeah, me and Hork are teammates all week.
Do you know why?
Because it's our fucking trip.
We make any rules.
Yeah.
So he's telling me that next year you're penciled in,
and now I believe I'm penciled in for the Danny Cleary Hockey School,
which goes on during the George street festival.
Is that a possibility? You will be there.
It is. Yeah. I, I've been actually boycotting Danny for a little bit.
Me and Chloe had a golf tournament that we actually raised a lot of money and
every cent went back to charities, different charities every year.
We'd mix it up because it's so hard to pick just one and Danny would never
come. the only new
if you like the big we only won a cup well like rides won a cup he was there we had joe thornton
we had stammer we had vinnie lecavier we had danny healy we had we had everyone there and danny was
trying to be too cool we're like danny you were a passenger on that team you're 1740s scumbags
come to the fucking tournament.
No, I'm just joking.
He was a big piece of it when the Wings won.
So I was like,
nope, not going into your hockey schools. But I've been to a few, and he does
a great job. Him and his buddies, Corey Crocker
and Morsey and
Mark Turenos and all the crew back home.
And I didn't make it
home this summer, but next summer, yes.
It's actually a double whammy. You get to help
out some kids, go with a great crew,
and obviously hit up George Street Festival,
which is pretty
fun to experience. It's kind of like Calgary
Stampede or like a poor man's Vegas.
They shut down the street, and people are so
happy and friendly. You get treated
so good, and it's
going to be a long flight home, and
you won't want to drink again.
But the days leading up to it, you'll be glad you checked off your list.
So you'll love this one today.
Oh, and I did tell him, yeah, we'll come up.
How much are you going to pay us?
He's like, motherfucker.
So we're playing together today.
And I hit one on the screws.
I was like, oh, I hit that one good.
And then Bear does.
Now, everyone, I do need to say Bear's long.
He murders the ball.
He comes out of his shoes every time. I hit that one good. And then Bear does. Now, everyone, I do need to say Bear's long. He murders the ball. So we get over there.
He comes out of his shoes every time.
He needs to wear three pairs of studs because his studs come off every swing.
That's why he has no knees because he just swings so hard.
So we get up there.
There's one ball 40 yards ahead of another.
And I hit mine so good.
I'm like, I think I got him this time.
He's like, want to make a bet?
100, 100.
I'm like, okay.
He starts Snapchatting away.
Whit thinks that he outdrove me.
Whit thinks he outdrove me.
All of a sudden, we get up there to the shorter ball.
Of course, it's mine.
And he just walks away.
He goes, I'm the best seven on the planet.
I hit 330, and I look like I'm 25 years old.
His Snapchats have got me through today.
I'm in New York grinding with Oatsy and just so jealous I'm on that
Snapchat train by him.
But, hey, can we talk about Commie's knee?
What happened?
He said he got bugsy.
Did they go, like, mountain climbing in his driveway or something,
just, like, army crawling through his driveway?
So when Bugsy picked me up, it was 10 in the morning on Sunday,
I called him, and he sounded horrible.
I'm like, Bugs, what's up?
So we get in the car, dude.
He was the most hungover person on the planet.
He hadn't drank in seven weeks.
He was off the piss.
So he just went hard.
Well, that's not true because I drank with him when I was in Minnesota there
for doing some content with the Coyotes.
So Bugs, he lied.
That's what I mean.
This guy, are you surprised with?
I was off the piss for seven weeks.
Yeah, he's like, I've been stretching my butt.
It feels good.
So, Kami and him went out with, you know, the other boys, Paradise and Hendy,
and they got after it.
I mean, it was tequila all day on the course.
They played 27 tequila sodas for 27 holes with Bugsy.
And then they went out, and then they got on the whiskey.
I'm like, dude, that's a tough transition.
So, they just ended up just being waffled.
And I guess it's pouring rain outside. And what happens?
Bugsy wants to start wrestling.
You know how he gets so frisky?
Oh, yeah, I know.
He loves it.
And he's like, no, no.
And he always goes after the big guy.
He knows he just snapped my neck.
He goes after Kami.
And Kami's like, Bugsy, get away, get away.
And all of a sudden, two 230-pounders go tumbling down because Bugsy's tackling, calling me, calling me, scrapes his knees, been bleeding for three
days.
He still hasn't put a bandaid on it.
So it was an interesting Saturday night.
I flew in Sunday, but I just got the whole rundown and Bugs was, Bugsy, so we had a tea
time at Hazeltine, Teddy.
We were playing at like three thirty.
We got there so early, one o'clock.
Bugsy's like, dude, I need to take a nap.
He put on Planet Earth in his fucking Escalade
and took a nap in the Hazeltine National Golf Club parking lot for two hours.
Which episode?
How nice is his swing, though, on that video you posted?
Outside the tee blocker, and he had no idea.
That's good stuff.
You can't even make that up, man.
So I was like, there's no way he's playing golf.
I've never seen him feeling this bad.
I'm like, there's no chance.
So he ends up making it.
Played phenomenal.
He was striping it around.
That hole, which he did miss the tee box.
Check out my Twitter.
It's a funny video.
It was 210 yards.
He put it to like six feet.
He's like, I actually feel pretty good.
So it was a fun day.
We were talking about you, and we miss you, buddy.
I know.
I wish I could get on that trip with Bear.
Teddy, tell the boys what you're up to.
I know you've been working hard this summer because a lot of guys are working
on their game in the offseason, and Oatsy's got you traveling all the way
across North America.
Who have you been working with specifically?
Kind of all over, man.
Toronto is a lot because there's a lot of guys there.
Max Domi's out there, Shife, Wheels, Stammer's been out,
Connor's been out a few times, Darnell Nurse, Strom.
I mean, there's so many guys I can't even keep up.
Jack Eichel was just in town.
Snook O'Reilly, the selfie winner in the conspire,
one of my favorite players ever.
He's out there snapping it around, trying to get better.
Named his kid Jameson, too.
Loved him even more.
I didn't even know that.
I got hilarious.
Talk about an ultimate Ultimate player
An ultimate old school
Throwback guy
We got some of the devils
Here this week
Taylor Hall just joined
The squad
The Oats Sports Group
Company
Which is good
I'll take credit for that
And ask for a raise here
In about a half hour
Thanks Oatsy
How good does Halsey look?
Halsey looks so good
His knee is back
He was a little stressed
For a little bit because he went
through
some insecurities.
He didn't really know what it
was and now he got the green
light. It was just me and him
and Oti last week in Toronto
and it was a smaller
rink, like three on three, but what Oti does
is very cerebral and
just very specific so
you don't need a whole lot of space but halsey was like fucking mock jet out there he almost
took me and otl like four times he's just hey take a breather you animal but he's just so excited to
get back on the ice and to learn and he's you know his big big goal is to stay healthy for 82 games
and get those guys back in the playoffs.
So I'm happy he's trying to change something.
And I was out in L.A. actually with a bunch of guys out there,
Nate Thompson and Greg Patteron from Minnesota.
Big Larry Looch just signed up too.
I was out skating with him.
I was so scared every time he looked at me.
I was like, oh, God, he's going to punch me right in the face,
even though we live on the same street.
But it's been good, man. It's fun. It's a punch me right in the face, even though we live on the same street. But it's been good, man.
It's fun.
It's a lot of travel in the summer, but, you know,
it's really fun working with the guys for being out of the game.
It's a good transition.
You're still around the boys.
You shoot the shit in the locker room.
You hang out with them after.
You go for a nice dinner. So it's the poor man's way of not being in the NHL.
It's definitely the poor man's way of not being in the NHL. It's definitely the poor man's way of not making 200 biweekly every week.
Fuck.
So, Teddy, when you're traveling with Professor Oates,
how many guys all together are in this entourage?
Is it just you two?
Do other guys meet you there?
How does that work?
Is it almost like a small team and some of the guys?
There is.
He has a secretary and he has and has like a lawyer that bought in
and he has like another account manager say he has two video guys that like send clips of all
the guys and then the other guy out out east his name is chris he like helped set up uh different
new contacts for us if they're younger or they're older it's just yeah it's me and him on the ice
i'm really pushing hard to hire another guy,
so I don't have to travel as much as this.
I'm like, oh, gee, I made way too many backdoor passes.
I was on the 5-on-3 with Marty and Sam and Vinny.
I don't need to be grinding with this kid right now.
Are you kidding me?
I got a place on the beach.
Oh, shit.
Which player is going to come out of nowhere, Pop 40, this year?
I mean, all the guys that he has are pretty good.
I think Max Domi looks really good to me this summer.
Shife and Wheels are  every year those guys, like, keep taking off.
Like, the way Jack Eichel was shooting the puck the other day,
I was like, holy shit.
So, I mean, I guess no real surprises.
Yeah.
There's a lot of D that are just  they're moving better.
They're handling the puck better. I know it's surprises. Yeah. There's a lot of D that are just, they're moving better. They're handling the puck better.
I know it's not a game.
But when you look at them, it looks legit.
And, you know, everyone tries different stuff in the summer,
whether it's like jumping over pylons or doing this, doing that.
O.T. does none of that.
And the guys look good.
Their posture looks good.
They put the puck in the right spot their
heads up and hopefully that allows them to make more plays get more touches on the puck
being a better balanced position they kind of go either way we are not stuck and then at the end
of the day put yourself in safe spots you're not getting your bell rung so hopefully all that adds
up it's a pretty good year so we'll see teddy with Teddy, with Looch, with the change of scenery, I think he could get back to popping 15, 20.
How's he looking out there?
Yeah, he's good, man.
He's obviously last year in Edmonton,
and Looch and I are buddies,
and he'd tell you guys the same stuff.
I think he went through a hard time,
couldn't find himself in the lineup,
and there was a lot of pressure on him there,
and it wasn't working out.
And the GM seems pretty pumped about the change of scenery
and luch signed up with ot right away and he was horny to get on the ice with him and he
and he knew he knows he used to get you know 40 50 60 points and everyone i know says the game is
faster but there's a lot of slow guys in the nhl that are still pretty good players right now
luch is not the slowest guy in the nhl by any means so if he gets a little confidence
back and learn how to handle the puck a little bit better and get these reps in it for sure
he could be the uh big scary bastard he was his whole life i'm pumped for him all right buddy well
we appreciate you so much for coming on dude and and i think that when we're talking about where
you're from it i think people see how cool it is when they hear you
and all the stuff you've done with us.
So thank you.
I definitely would have came if you were there.
I don't know if I could have dealt with Grinnelli for three days.
Teddy, I've got to ask you quickly, though, about Terry Ryan and Terry Ryan Sr.
because we had them on the the the latest edition of road warriors they are their characters and seniors probably one of the more interesting
guys i've ever met just talk about growing up in newfoundland and st near st john's and hanging
out with those guys yeah i mean they were a little bit older than me you know i was i don't even know
how i think he got drafted 95 right i'm sure they told you 6,000 times when you were there.
Fifth overall.
So that's 10 years older than me.
I remember when I was, like, going downtown, 16, 17.
We'd go over to Terry's house.
I was with Ryan Clow.
Like, these hockey guys you looked up to a little bit older than you.
And, you know, Terry's the first-round pick, and he had cool pictures,
and he had cool stories.
So that's what he kind of gravitated to.
Then his old man would come out and start telling stories.
So it was like a comedy show down there.
We couldn't get a word in.
We were just listening to all these stories.
And then sometimes his dad would go downtown with us
and we'd wear a shirt that would say,
my son was drafted higher than Jerome McGinley.
So it was a total comedy show.
And some of the stories of draft day with, like,
I'm sure he told you guys, like, Mike Milbury won and all this.
Oh, yeah, it's on there today.
Yeah, the Dallas Stars training camp when he had the helmet on,
but he's afraid of heights.
I mean, the stories, you can't even make them up.
I haven't heard the afraid of heights one.
Do you mind retelling it?
Yeah, so long story short, they were in Dallas.
I think Bob Ganey was in Montreal.
Sends him to Dallas on a camp.
He's doing really well, actually.
And they're like Medano, Zuboff, all the big boys there, Hatcher,
whoever, Eddie Belfer, Turco.
They're doing this Army training thing.
So they're climbing up a light pole.
And they had helmets on.
It was like rappelling across or something.
And Terry was the last guy.
So all the boys are cheering him on, like Medano.
All the boys are like, come on, Terry, you got this, buddy.
Like team-building stuff.
And Bob Ganey or someone was like, Terry, it's not scary.
He goes, Bob, it's not scary.
Why the fuck am I wearing a helmet?
Was he pissed?
No, he wasn't pissed. i guess he ended up doing it and then i think darian hatcher like fell on his leg by accident like blew up his ankle and that was kind of the last straw in the
nhl but there's always stories like that that he it's a comedy show man you go over there and you
listen to us we have a few beers and then have our night out there so if you wanted to talk or work
on your game or talking to girls or anything,
that's not the spot because it's hard to get a word in.
But some good memories and getting the boys together down in this basement,
it's an experience for sure.
I did it a few times.
You guys are a special breed.
We thank you for coming on during Newfie Week.
I know you're okay with that term, so we'll use it in this one.
So thanks for joining us, and that's all I got.
Teddy's the fifth lead in Newfie score in NHL history
with 307 points in 571 games.
So got to give him props for that.
Hey, R.A., who has the most points by Newfie in his season?
Suck on that.
Oh, shit.
Good way to end it.
Take a lap, R.A.
Oh, buddy. That interview was end it. Take a lap, R.A. See you, buddy.
That interview was also brought to you by Stitch Fix.
Personal style is like a fingerprint.
Everyone has their own.
Whatever your style, the expert stylists at Stitch Fix are ready to help you express yourself
because not all clothes are fit for all men.
I know that perhaps better than anyone with my unique physique.
But with Stitch Fix, your personal stylist will send you clothing that makes you look your best.
Less one size fits all, more this fits your style. In case you're not aware, Stitch Fix is an online
personal styling service that delivers your favorite clothing brands right to your door.
To get started, you go to stitchfick.com slash chicklets, answer a few
questions about your preferred style in your personal shop, or we'll ship you a box of clothes,
shoes, and accessories. There's no commitment required. You only pay for what you keep.
Shipping exchanges and returns are always free. Can't beat that. Plus the 20 styling fee is
automatically applied towards anything you keep from your box.
You'll never have to think about looking good again with Stitch Fix.
Get started today at stitchfix.com slash chicklets and get an extra 25 off when you keep everything in your box.
That's stitchfix.com slash chicklets.
Stitchfix.com slash chicklets.
And big thanks once again to our pal, Teddy Purcell.
Always entertaining.
Of course, I didn't realize he was the fifth leading scorer in Newfie history.
That was a little fun fact for the boys and girls out there tonight.
Grinnelli, we got a couple of uni news, right?
The Carolina Hurricanes.
Everybody was beating that fucking joke to death on twitter hey biz
the hurricanes i still don't know how to say it properly so it's con you know it's it's called
hurricanes oh you mean the film fest oh the film fest i'm being a fucker oh you got me
yeah i call it the con film festival i've heard it with yes used but i'm a con guy so that's
that's how i'm keeping it. Either way, the Carolina Hurricanes
get newer weight jerseys.
I think it's pretty sharp looking.
I think anything is better than the black
fucking schmoshin jerseys that they've
had for the last few years, but
what's your take on the shirt, Whit?
I liked them a lot. I did.
I mean, I thought that the cool
part was the C. Granted, only one guy
has it with the two black things,
like the hurricane flag or whatever that is.
But I think it looks pretty sharp.
I mean, I like when teams change jersey besides the greats,
like the Blackhawks, Canadians.
I don't mind when teams like the Hurricanes or Columbus or Minnesota,
they can change jerseys.
They should do it all the time, I think.
So something new should help them.
They can change jerseys.
They should do it all the time, I think.
So something new should help them.
But still, there's still, like, bottom 10 teams in the league for just overall jerseys.
Like, I'm not, you know, they don't get me going at all.
So you'd be pissed if they named Seattle Tsunamis the Seattle Tsunamis?
No, yeah, because that wasn't one of his 27 guesses.
Seattle Tsunami.
That's a good one, though. But, yeah, like I said, you name it after a fucking natural disaster Yeah, because that wasn't one of his 27 guesses. Seattle tsunami.
That's a good one, though.
But, yeah, like I said, you're naming it after a fucking natural disaster that kills so many people.
Well, that's like I go back to the Atlanta Flames.
I mean, that's a name.
We brought it up before.
One of two NHL teams with a Civil War-inspired nickname.
Of course, the Columbus Blue Jackets being the other.
But the Atlanta Flames, like, okay, hey, I got an NHL expansion team.
We're in Atlanta.
They burned this fucking down 120 years ago.
Let's call us the Flames.
I mean, did you even know that that was a thing, Whit?
No clue.
Until just now?
I thought there was a big fire in Chicago.
There was one of those, too.
Never heard of it.
Never heard of the one in Atlanta.
It's still Larry's cow.
Been a long day, though.
A lot of big fires in Chelsea, Mass, too, while we're at it.
You're just a walking encyclopedia today, R.A.
Fucking every day, my man.
Every day.
Nah, nah.
Hit that pipe.
What else we got going on, boys?
Any other final news?
I know we got one one last note here i
was going to bring up uh longtime hockey writer russ conway died uh tuesday at the age of 70
uh if you're not familiar with the name you really should be uh his incredible reporting
was able to bring down uh one of the most corrupt scumbags in hockey history alan eaglson uh alan
eaglson if you're not familiar with him, he helped found the Players Union originally, but he played both sides.
He would tell players that you don't want to post your salary
because you don't want your neighbor knowing how much money to make,
which in reality what he was doing was keeping salaries down
because guys didn't know what other guys were making,
and that helped the owners out.
He's the guy who fucked Bob Bjor over.
The Bruins, when they were trying to sign Bob Bjor in the mid-'70s,
they offered him part of ownership.
I think I want to say it was 11 or 12.
I mean, the Bruins, that's how much they loved Bob Bjor.
They were saying, we're going to give you fucking ownership of this team.
And this fucking dirtbag scumbag, Alan Eagleson,
never told Bob Bjor that, misrepresented everything.
That's why Bob Bjor went to fucking Chicago, because of Eagleson.
I mean, when you think all-time scumbag agents,
there's Alan Eagleson and then everyone below him.
He's just a dirtbag.
So, I'm sorry, back to Russ Conway.
His reporting basically brought down Alan Eagleson.
He didn't win the Pulitzer, but he was nominated for it,
which is an incredible accomplishment for any writer,
but particularly a hockey writer in America and United States, rather.
His articles showed, like I said, how much of a duplicitous piece of shit
Eagleson was, and as of the resulting investigations in both Canada
and the U.S., Eagleson ended up doing six months.
He had to forfeit his Order of Canada, and he was booted
from the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Frankly, he deserved even more than that.
And that all happened because of the due diligence
and the great reporting of Russ Conway.
I never met him.
I didn't know him.
Everybody who worked with him said he was aces.
He's also won the Elmer Ferguson Award in the Hockey Hall of Fame as well,
if that's the proper terminology, award or won it.
But either way, we want to offer our condolences to his friends
and family and
peers because uh this guy he changed hockey history he brought a really ugly chapter to
light that a lot of people didn't know about and i think he also brought a lot of closure to people
because you know bostonians are still heartbroken that you know we still get triggered when we see
pictures of barbier and the eagle indian head jersey uh and so the fact that conway was able
to like kind of get some justice for
Bobby, he's always going to be
well thought of in this area. So again,
condolences to the family, friends, and peers
of Russ Conway. Did
Bobby Orr end up suing him?
There were some
court cases that went on. Yeah, a shitload
of guys sued him. I mean, because he
lied to all his clients, too. He was an agent
and he was working for the union. I mean,
the guy was like a triple-dip scumbag.
I'm not sure
what kind of settlement
or may or may not have gotten. You can obviously
check it online.
But again, this is stuff that was what people
knew. They obviously shut their fucking mouths
about it until Russ Conway did
some awesome reporting.
A little bit of a Debbie Downer to fucking
end the episode, that fucking scumbag Alan
Eagleson. Well, that's why we can
mix it up and talk about a few other things
that people might be able to enjoy on Netflix.
Him is on Prime this weekend.
Here's a question for you. Has anyone
else ever been taken out of the Hockey Hall
of Fame?
Good one. Or is he
the only guy? Me when I pissed on the fucking canadians jersey but that
has nothing to do with anything else oh you did that no no no i didn't he's like i actually
jerked off on the bruins hardware but no i didn't oh i can't jizz and i can't jizz until i see neil
hey i got a i got a great documentary recommendation for you
if you're screwing around on Netflix.
Now, I could have cared less about the baseball steroid scandal
a few years back, the biogenesis shit.
I tapped out on baseball.
But Billy Corbin, he's an excellent director.
He's from Miami.
He's familiar with all the corruption and craziness
that goes on in Florida.
He directed this documentary about Biogenesis Lab.
It's called Screwball.
I put it on when I was on vacation up in Vermont a couple weeks ago on a lock.
It was by far one of the most entertaining documentaries I've watched all year.
It just breaks down the whole story of how everything happened
and just how many idiots and characters were involved with all this stuff.
But what he does, which I thought was a brilliant thing was all the recreations.
You know,
when you watch a documentary,
they recreate the scenes that people describe.
And he used kids for all of these scenes.
So he'd have little kids with like dress like as Manny Ramirez with like the
dreadlocks.
Like one,
there's a scene in the club and one kid's dressed like a bull with the bald
head.
Dude,
the only thing they didn't show was like kids doing fucking toots like on the fucking side because it was miami and it added a
very comedic element to the story and then they'll lip sync in the actual adult voices it was fucking
hilarious but the story was wild because again there's so many fucking crazy characters you
you don't even have to care about baseball or steroids any of that shit what's the name again
it's called Screwball.
I saw it.
It's unbelievable.
It's like, we need a kid to play Barry Bonds.
Who's got the biggest melon out of the group here?
Seriously, huh?
Yeah, this guy's got a huge melon.
Yeah, so if you're on Netflix looking for a doc, check that.
And I also rented  wait, did you see Rocketman, the Elton John movie?
Nope, that's on the list.
Got to see that.
Is it good?
I really enjoyed it.
I think it was the
movie i i think bohemian rhapsody wishes it was i i mean perhaps he was good i didn't think it was
great you know i thought it was a way too sugar-coated for a guy like freddie mercury but
uh rocket man elton john you know he oversaw uh parts of it he he didn't sugarcoat it i mean you
know he was a drug addict a drug alcoholic addict. Z, check all those boxes.
And he was pretty open about letting the creators bring that aspect of his,
those aspects of his life to the screen.
And it was almost like a musical, the way they filmed some of the scenes.
But, yeah, it was kind of one of those ones you feel good, like,
after you watch it because EJ's got some killer tunes.
I've seen that Eagles documentary.
That one's, you said this new Elton John one's more of like a movie style,
kind of like Bohemian Rhapsody.
Yeah, Rocketman is a movie.
It's not a documentary.
Okay.
But it's very creatively done.
It wasn't your standard biopic.
Have you seen the Eagles one?
It's long, but it's great how they kind of broke up
and it all ended up turning to shit towards the end.
Yeah, I saw the two part of it.
That was years ago.
That's one that I'd recommend.
What was the one we talked about recently?
Oh, it was the Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine.
The Defiant Ones.
That was the other one we mentioned recently.
Yeah.
Oh, and one more, too.
It was on Sunday Night Paramount Network, which used to be Spike, and they replay, too. It was on Paramount Sunday Night, Paramount Network,
which used to be Spike, and they replayed this stuff all the time.
It was a documentary about the late, great Patrick Swayze.
It was called I Am Patrick Swayze.
Oh, yeah, I heard about that one.
It looks incredible.
Dude, I watched it.
Did he talk about Youngblood?
You know what?
That was one of the few movies that did not get mentioned at all.
Oh, fuck.
He had so many, like, fucking, you know, great, great, you know,
I mean, fucking Ghost, Point Break, Dirty Dancing, The Outside is like.
My father's favorite movie is Roadhouse.
I've still never seen it.
Bingo, Roadhouse.
I've never seen it either.
And it's good because you can see the people they all interview,
all those old cult stars.
You can see how much affection and love they still have for the guy.
It's very moving, Paul.
I mean, if you're already on the edge and you're watching,
you're definitely going to shed a few tears.
Okay, I won't be watching it while I'm in a plane.
Oh, yeah, definitely.
But, I mean, Swayze, definitely one of the biggest hunks in music.
I'm sorry, movie history.
So if you're a Swayze fan, you definitely got to check it out.
Very good dog.
Love it.
All right, well, enjoy the rest of your golf trip, man,
and hopefully you can post some more videos and get some funnier stories for next week's podcast i gotta get on
the boys we get uh five rounds left maybe six rounds left so um there'll be more and i'm gonna
i'm gonna lock up some guests here cleary all of a sudden saying yeah i actually want to come on i
want to come on now like i think he just wanted to wait until he thought it was legit he's such
a dickhead but uh we'll get him at some point.
I look forward to the rest of this week, so I'll fill you guys in.
Would Burt come on?
I think he would, but he told me he's like, I got no filter.
But I'm like, no, we can figure it out because he is just hilarious.
So I think that at some point in time, he will be on.
Hey, guys, before we wrap tonight,
I just want to send a special thanks to all our sponsors out there.
They've been so great to us.
New Amsterdam Vodka.
Of course, the Pink Whitney is coming very soon, September 1st.
Can I Brands, promo code biz20.
Check them out.
Gong Show Gear.
If you've got a big ass and big thighs, you need some new jeans,
use the code chicklets there.
Our friends at NHTSA who are trying to keep us safe on the nation's highway.
Stitch Fix, if you want to check them out,
stitchfix.com slash CHICKLETS for the discount there.
And, of course, our friends at Trojan,
who are keeping our willies safe and pregnancy-free.
Have a great weekend, all.
Take care.
Love it.
All right, boys.
Boys, good chat with you.
We'll talk to you next week.
Good team, you. We'll talk to you next week. Great seeing you guys. a stand and they'll regret the day they tried to take our newfoundland i'm a newfoundlander born
and bred and i'll be one till i die i'm proud to be an islander and here's the reason why
