Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. hello everybody welcome to episode 198 of spitting chicklets presented by pink whitney
the pink lemonade flavored vodka brought to you by our friends at new amsterdam vodka
i got a little bit of hockey news to talk about finally this late in the summer,
but let's say hello to the boys first.
Let's go to Biz Nasty first.
Mix it up a little bit.
You got a nice little tan going there, buddy.
What's going on?
I got a little red I laid out today.
Great to see you guys.
I miss not seeing you a few times a week, but at the end of September,
we're going back to two episodes.
So I'm very excited.
We are getting closer and closer to hockey season.
I know a lot of you people have been deprived of your hockey,
and maybe there's been a little bit too much golf talk.
I don't mind it, but I know some of you are just sick and tired of golf season,
and you want to see some puck.
So let's go, baby.
Those people can suck my  no, I'm just kidding.
I love all of you.
And next up, our boy Ryan Whitney.
What's going on with Doug?
Not much, guys.
Pleasure to be here, as always.
The trip ended great.
We had a blast in Wisconsin.
It was a sick week.
So we'll get into that a little bit, I'm sure, later on.
But I think it's crazy, Biz, that right now is such a dead time of year.
It's just you're getting excited for camp.
If the guys are really starting to kind of wind it into in-season mode, right?
I mean, the training's getting a little wound down,
and you're also skating way more.
We've got the camp going on that we've seen Upshaw and McDavid
and all those guys.
I believe it's in Toronto, Biz.
So we're close.
We're still kind of far away from the real action,
but we are close to finally getting some stuff to talk about because it's
been,
it's been dead lately in the hockey world.
Yeah.
Bio steel,
the camp great spot to go to before the season in order to get in game
shape,
or at least in training camp shape.
Cause the skates pick up that's Maddie nickel and all those guys,
a bio steel product.
Good job.
How bad did you feel at those?
Cause there's like, there's sick players there. Like your skill level. Wasn't. Oh, I was getting, nickel and all those guys uh bio steel product uh good job how bad did you feel at those because
there's like they're sick players there like your skill level wasn't oh i was getting left behind
but i just want maddie nickel does a great job he's one of the innovators in the hockey world
as far as the training aspect uh tyler segan goes there so you know there's uh probably a bunch of
girls following that p flares uh i think simmons is there so they got a bunch of girls following that. P Flares. P Flares. I think Guy Simmons is there.
So they've got a bunch of very good players.
Tom Wilson, another man rocket.
Yeah, you know, pictures are coming out of him, like, you know,
with his shirt off out there warming up.
Like, dude, you really have to do that.
He knows what he's doing.
He knows he's just, like, four out there on the one-yard line
doing his pre-stretch warm-up before camp.
Well, that's, like, the one thing I don't miss about hockey season
is the fact that you know it's just a matter of time
before someone throws a borderline hit,
and then we've got to argue about that on the podcast.
We're going to have fans fuck you and us on Twitter,
but let's enjoy the last little bit of summer we do have left.
Absolutely, and let's finally say hello to our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
What's up, buddy?
What's up, guys?
The New Amsterdam folks who are in the Barstool HQ today,
they dropped off a couple bottles of Pink Whitney,
so people at HQ can start drinking it.
Holy shit.
What a vodka.
I mean, great job.
Holy shit.
What's happening right now with Pink Whitney?
I mean, we're not on September 1st yet.
You know, you always get the release date.
You know, you see a movie coming out on this date.
Well, some people get to see it a little early.
And it's no different with drinks.
So I think everyone knew that there'd be, before September 1st,
there'd be sightings.
I thought it would be more of a ghost town.
You know, you'd see the occasional Pink Whitney tweet of a
bottle bought. This is nonstop
all day. We have some of the
most amazing fans in the world. We have
guys sending us pictures. They're buying
a case. Hey, I didn't want to just
buy one, so I bought 12
bottles. People driving two hours.
Some guy drove two hours to get a bottle.
Bugsy even bought 12
bottles, too. Yeah, they're already gone.
Yeah, I asked them, what was everybody else going to drink?
No, the feedback has been absolutely insane.
And, of course, Biz, you presented the very first bottle of Pink Whitney in Arizona to one of our listeners, Laura.
I didn't catch her last name, but she said, oh, I'm looking for this.
It's my birthday.
And, Biz, I thought what you did was awesome. Just, you know, you drove, I don't know how far of a ride it was, but you said,
hey, meet me here. I'll give you a birthday present. And dude, that girl's like, let me try
this out. She looked like Bluto Blutoski in Animal House when they're closing the bar. She chugged
about a third of that fucking bottle, dude. Like, hats off to her, man. She did an unreal job. She
gave it a 10 out of 10.
But kudos to you too, Paul.
You didn't have to do that.
You went out of your way to do that.
It was an awesome gesture, brother.
Yeah, no, she's a hardcore Coyotes fan.
She just tweeted me at the right time,
and I was upset to see that she couldn't find any in the local area.
I'd imagine Arizona is probably one of the last states that will get it.
But, yeah, she always comes to the signings.
I think she got season tickets to the Yotes.
So I said, hey, I got two bottles sent to me by New Amsterdam.
I was going to be hanging out with Taylor Pyatt the following night,
so I saved a bottle for him because it was his birthday.
Yeah, I just drove over to the Ice Den Scottsdale.
It wasn't far from where I was at and tried to make a girls' night special.
It was her 32nd birthday, by the way.
And she wrote me this after.
Like, okay, first of all, let's go back.
So, of course, because it was a girl, all our Savage following,
they comment the nastiest shit.
I talk about sex on the podcast, guys.
When it's between a Coyotes fan and myself,
and I'm trying to do a nice gesture,
maybe lay off the, like, oh, he's going to pound her.
So I even DM'd her and I was like, hey,
I'm sorry about some of these clowns.
And she's like, oh, no.
She goes, I think it's funny.
But this is a message she sent me afterward.
And she said I could share it on the podcast.
And, you know, sometimes we don't realize, I guess,
what we do for others.
And I guess I'll just start here.
Hey, I just wanted to say again, thank you very much for everything.
It seriously meant so much.
And because of this small gesture, it made the best birthday and birthday weekend I've
had in over six years since my dad passed away.
Without sounding overly preachy, I wanted to say I appreciate how you talk about mental
health on the podcast and most recently hearing about how
McKinnon talked about it going to a sports psychologist so openly. I think it's little
things like this that bring a lot of light to a subject and it helps people see who may otherwise
feel weak to seek help and not even just help how to overcome obstacles and adversity. Mental health
took my dad, the one who taught me my love for
the game and who brought me my first, that first jersey. That was the jersey that she brought
because I said to bring a Coyotes jersey. So basically it's meant a lot. If you do feel like
mentioning this on the podcast, feel free. If not, it's not a big deal. I just know that talking
really makes the biggest difference. And I appreciate with the podcast for someone, or for somehow, sorry,
being able to enhance and make a game more engaging,
even with it being already the most enjoyable fucking sport to watch.
Also, sorry for all the long words.
Ad reads are already hard enough.
I know.
Fuck.
You have no clue, lady.
Laura, so thank you for that kind message.
I'm glad you got your bottle on
your birthday and hey i just brought her a bottle of booze it wasn't the biggest deal ever and then
taylor pyatt got his first sip and i finally had a sip of it since our uh our taste test with
yeah it's phenomenal i i we need to have a party we need to have a release party where we just rip
it up so well we will be in NYC together on the 22nd.
Yeah, we'll do something then.
We'll do something.
25th of September, I think we should throw a launch party in NYC,
get the place rocking.
Biz, I want to echo what you said, too.
Like, you know, people joke around with her,
but, like, if you're talking to fucking fans of women out there,
just fucking act normal.
You know, like, oh, Biz is going to smash him.
And the girl, like I said, she might have laughed at it.
I mean, hold on, hold on.
The way Biz talks on the
podcast, these people are fans. You don't
think that these guys are just, like, kind of joking
around? No, but when someone's saying
nice tits, nice rack, like, that's just
fucking... Oh, okay. That's not
like Biz's gonna smash.
That's more... I mean, but also
every single girl I talk to on social media to get everybody being like, oh, are you gonna fuck her? It's not like Biz is going to smash. That's more. But also every single girl I talk to on social media to get everybody being like,
oh, are you going to fuck her?
It's just like, yeah, I mean, if she wants.
Kidding, kidding, kidding.
That was a joke.
That was a joke.
All right.
Moving right along, as they say.
The Whit Dog.
How'd your golf tournament go?
The Hawk Hoff Cleary Invitation.
We heard there's some slow play complaints from my boy, Kami.
Yeah, what's going on there?
Yeah, as we get older and guys, you know, drinking, like the more you do it,
it's the worse you get at it.
I'm not going to say that.
Or the harder it gets.
No, we're all like having a blast out there.
But a couple guys have been known once, you know, the second 18 of the day.
It's like, dude, these are five-and-a-half-hour rounds.
So the reason that the slow play was brought up was because our Ryder Cup,
which is always one day of the trip, 118 of the trip.
Well, it's usually 218 is when we have the European guys.
But this trip's eight guys.
So 118, you play best ball, get two on two for nine holes,
then you play a single match nine holes. Well, dude, the group in front of us was so frigging
slow that we didn't get to finish the 18th hole. At Erin Hills, I was even par through 17. I had
dusted Cleary already, won five in a row in the singles match. He had no chance. Me and Korkoff
were three down with three to go on the best
ball on the front nine. Won all three to
tie it up. And then we win my
point on the singles. Horks tied with Samson
off. And we don't get to finish
at Erin Hills because Mayday
and Burt and all the
guys in front were having so much fun
telling their stories from the walk to the tee
to the walk to the time they hit their
second shot that it was a long round.
But it was still one of the funnest trips.
I say this every year.
I wrote down a couple more stories that made me laugh.
And this one, dude, Bertuzzi, like I mentioned, so fucking funny.
He's giving me one of these pre-rolls walking down the fairway,
and it's a Cookie Monster pre-roll, right? That's the strand or whatever they named the cookie monster well he gives it over to
me i'm looking at him ready to take a little puff and he's like hey hey hey and i'm like that was
hey hey hey from fat albert this is in my head he just gave me a cookie Monster. I go, Bert, what do you mean? Hey, hey, hey.
Cookie Monster doesn't say that.
And he just  he had nothing to say.
He just totally thought that Cookie Monster was Fat Albert for a split second.
So as my brain realizes I'm puffing this thing in beautiful Wisconsin,
striping the ball around, making eagles every fucking round.
Hey, hey, hey, it's not cookie monsters anymore.
Yummy, yummy, yummy.
I got cookie in my tummy.
And so that was just  that was a classic moment.
But in that same round, Bert told me a hilarious story.
I started asking him about his time on the island,
and Mike Milbury was the coach and the GM at the time.
And so he's telling me different things and he brings up an afternoon game
that they had and they got dusted, absolutely dusted, 8-0.
So it's a 4 o'clock, 4.30 finish.
Milbury comes bombing in.
And now, mind you, I need to premise this.
I don't know who they were playing against,
but I do know Brett Hull was on the other team.
So I don't know where Brett Hull was at this point in his career,
but that does matter.
So Milbury comes in.
He's like, hey, you fucking assholes, take your Islanders jersey off.
Put on those practice jerseys.
We're going back on the ice.
That was embarrassing.
I'm going to go down to the wives' room and tell them to leave because you guys aren't done. You're going back on. That's a
joke. So they're out there. They get out there. They're getting bag skated after an NHL game,
after a game where they got dusted. Well, what do you know about an hour later after the cool down,
after the maybe the stretch, maybe at that point, a couple of beers at that time for the winning
team. Well, the winning team and the visiting team, they're exiting the arena.
They're heading to the bus.
Yeah, nice road win, boys.
Hell of a game.
Let's go actually out in the city that we're going to be in too soon
because it's only 430.
Brett Hall sees the Islanders out there skating and goes over to the glass.
Boom, boom, boom.
Hammers on the glass to the point where the entire islanders
team stops and looks including head coach mike milbury and brett hall goes hey milbury
fuck you that's why you lose and ain't nothing
holy shit he's a fucking piece of work dude that, that's too good. It's just,
Oh my God.
But dude,
how unreal is that?
Look,
I just dusted your team and your bag skating them.
And like,
I,
I respect the guys that I play against enough to be like,
fuck off.
Let them off the,
Oh yeah.
That's such a bro move by Brett.
Did what,
what did,
uh,
what was his reaction?
Pardon?
What was Milbury's reaction, did Bert say?
No, he didn't actually tell me,
but the one thing he told me I forgot was that
right when they got back on the ice,
Milbury's like, what is A for?
And nobody answers.
He's like, A is for asshole, down and back.
So then they get down and back.
He goes, what is B for?
The people are breathing heavier.
No one answers.
B is for Bertuzzi, you big pussy, down and back.
It has to go on.
He remembers every, God, it's just funny, funny stuff.
So it was great.
Okay, well, let's talk about this a little bit.
So I think people listening to the podcast,
some of which might have got the idea that we were defending
what happened against the Canucks.
People are idiots.
People are fucking morons.
If you can't make the separation, you're a fucking moron, okay?
So he played 1,000 games in the NHL. When you play 1,000 games in the NHL, you're a fucking moron okay so he played a thousand games in the nhl when
you play a thousand games in the nhl you get a silver stick okay i know he might have hurt um
go ahead all right no sorry i i wouldn't mean to cut you off now i i got some info the other day i
think i told you guys and he does trigger a lot of people online to the point that they don't
remember what actually happened his Listen, his wires crossed.
He made a very stupid decision.
He paid his time for it.
I know the guy who he fucking hit is in far worse shape.
I'm sure he got a pretty nice fucking settlement in order to take care of that,
not saying that's what he wanted.
But Todd Bertuzzi came back.
He played 1,000 games.
He deserves his fucking silver star.
All I know is I know Todd Bertuzzi.
Yeah, I mean, it was a horrible ending.
Dude, that's happened a million times.
I know we said this.
People could write on Twitter,
and how could you say he gets to shut the fuck up?
And you know what else?
People who hate him, you're not a friend of his.
You don't know him.
I never played with him,
but I've become a good friend of his, I would like to say, and I know him as a great guy.
Dude, there was a decision that he made,
and it fucking ended the worst possible scenario that a million other times
nothing happened, dude.
It was part of the fucking game, and it sucks,
and nobody says that it wasn't an awful situation.
But, dude, if you're going to chirp me and be like,
oh, you fucking bring up that he deserves anything because he's my friend,
you idiot, That's why.
The whole story is he stuck up for a teammate
and it's unfortunate that the other guy didn't turn
around and scrap him, which probably would have just ended
things. It sucks.
The whole situation sucks.
Like you said, Biz, it's something that you did, other guys
did. A guy doesn't want to fight, you
jump him. I'm just saying Todd Bertuzzi
was one of the best players in the NHL
for a fucking long time, dude.
He was incredible.
To show no respect because of this one thing, that's your prerogative?
I disagree with you.
I'll tell it to you every time.
It was an unfortunate result from something that happened before.
And plenty of times I've had guys take runs at my captain where I've went over
and luckily that other person answered the bell,
or it didn't end in that way.
Todd Bertuzzi was just going by the code,
and what players did back then when guys went after his captain.
And as we've mentioned already six fucking times,
it's very unfortunate.
Should it have ended like that?
No, it was a mistake.
He's paid for it.
Let's move the fuck on society nowadays wants if
you do one wrong thing nowadays till the end of fucking time they want to scrutinize you and if
you want to check out my twitter feed that nick savin had a some very powerful words on on giving
people a second chance i love and people say oh it's to help his program out and keep a good
football player around okay whatever then you're just fucking negative.
Listen, go watch that retweet I retweeted on Nick Saban.
All right, and just a quick note on the silver stick.
I did a little poking around.
The Detroit Red Wings only do it for guys who play 1,000 games with the Red Wings.
That's why he didn't get a silver stick from the Red Wings.
The Red Wings did get him another gift.
And as for his teammates, they all pitched in
and got him a pretty significant gift.
I forget what it is at the top of my head.
It was a lawyer.
Huh?
I thought I'd throw out a joke.
It was a little levity.
It was funny.
So he wasn't like he was ignored.
I think basically what happened was, you know, the players, you know,
I'm sure if you asked every player in the league what their team's policy is regarding silver sticks,
I'd say less than 10 would probably know.
So the players may have assumed the team was getting it.
Meanwhile, it's not the team policy.
So I don't think it was this conspiracy where, no,
we're not going to get Bertuzzi a stick.
I think the players pitched in to get him a gift.
The team, it's not their policy and might have been a little misplaced.
I think it's the NHLPA that has to
No, no, no.
That's what I'm saying.
I dug into this.
I did a little bit of investigating on it.
No, the NHLPA doesn't do it.
Maybe there's some confusion and actually someone just didn't know he didn't get a stick.
That's kind of what I just said.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, all right.
Are they sending his notebook from the investigation in 60 minutes for a tryout?
Well, I was just confirming.
Okay, all right.
So it's fucking an accident.
Well, no.
So the union doesn't do it.
Sometimes agents have done it.
Sometimes teams have done it.
And just to further give another example,
Matt Cook played his 1,000th game, was with the Minnesota Wild.
He was with them for like the first season,
and their owner deemed him worthy of a stick.
So I guess it's just another way of saying that it varies play to player,
and it didn't seem like Bertuzzi was deliberately left off.
It seemed like it might have just been a
Okay, so is he the only player ever to not receive a silver stick?
No.
Recently, probably, yeah, I would say of the last maybe 20 years,
he's probably the most significant,
but it's a relatively new trend in the history.
Oh.
Yeah.
All right. Well, then maybe he doesn't deserve a silver stick.
Well, he played 1,000, so he just
No, I think everyone
Well, I mean, you're telling me that not every guy gets it.
They got to have to eventually figure out, hey, we're making this a thing.
Like, it's just like
No, and I say not every guy.
I mean, of all the guys who have played a thousand games not everyone got it but of the last say 25 years i would say 99 95 of them probably did get it it
became a a thing in the last 20 years is what i mean i i think i want to say the range is apparently
but i mean apparently it didn't i mean you're kind of chirping me for about what i said but like
well i chirped you just because you repeated exactly what I just said. Well, I know, but I'm trying to decipher here
whether it's a rule or not.
So, I mean, we're saying, oh, he deserves a silver stick.
Well, I mean, like there's other guys
who didn't get it then either.
And it's not a rule because not like the league
isn't responsible for doing it, nor is the NHLPA.
So, it's not a thing.
It's just kind of like people have done it
so they follow suit and then some guys just don't get it.
Right.
Whit brought it up last show. I dug into it
and that was the answer.
I assumed he got snubbed, but I mean
in relative terms
and what you just read, I guess he's not really entitled
to get one.
Unless the team wants to buck up.
All right. We can move
on. We do get two guests tonight, actually, two interviews.
Ryan Clow, former NHLer.
We got a few years ago.
And Terry Ryan Sr. from the Rock itself.
A couple other quick notes.
How about you guys?
Fucking Pearl High Room, my QJ last week.
I was so confused.
So can I admit something?
And this is a little embarrassing.
I texted. What are you laughing at, Grin know what i'm gonna say the text i got was the funniest text
i've gotten in a long time it said what the fuck did i say in that q and j last night i don't even
think i swore what what had happened was that was a night of 36 halls you're having beers and then
like you know we had a little ambo party oh god
dude and then we're up telling stories that dude sometimes you don't remember i remember being on
my phone and like writing stuff but i don't remember what what i was saying and i don't
remember what ra was doing or like what was the whole scenario really because i asked cornelli
of course cornelli goes oh dude no i looked i no, I looked. I don't know. So I still don't know.
What happened?
I was doing my QJ like I do
late night and it's the play on a QA.
I take questions while smoking a J
and, you know, people see the response.
We get what the QJ is already. What did I do?
Well, not everyone who listens
knows. Oh, we talked about them.
You guys came in out of nowhere and
you were just typing absolute gibberish. It was almost like you took your fist and were mushing them into the keyboard. No, so anyway, you guys came in out of nowhere, and you were just typing absolute gibberish.
It was almost like you took your fist and were mushing them into the keyboard.
No, really?
Because I kept saying, oh, and then I invited.
There was only 350 people watching, though,
so you didn't make a complete asshole of yourself.
I wasn't even writing words.
I couldn't make out what you were saying,
but then I invited you to join the live cast.
I invited you, and you declined the invite.
I'm smart enough to do that,
but I mean, I gotta be like writing words.
I was falling asleep.
And Biz was chiming in, just, you know, playing along.
But it was fun because it was almost like
a mini impromptu chicklets episode
with just the three of us.
Everybody who was there was howling laughter
because it was just, you know, three fucking shitheads. Howling at laughter
at what? I certainly
wasn't saying anything that would be making them
laugh considering you couldn't read any words.
Well, I think that's what they were laughing at you, not
with you.
I usually drop by those QJ sessions.
A couple times before, me
and R.A. have ended up on the same video.
You can kind of add your buddy in
if you send them a tag.
Yeah, that was fun because people
always tag me and I'm like, dude, you're a total
stranger. Why am I going to invite you to my
Instagram fucking live feed? I don't know you from a
hole in the wall. One more before
we get to the interview, Biz.
I've been proudly non-verified on Twitter
for years. I think there's
just so many shitheads who are verified, so
it doesn't mean anything. I got up the other day and I was fucking verified. I didn't put in for it. I think there's just so many shitheads who are verified, so it doesn't mean anything. I got up the other
day, and it was fucking verified.
I didn't put in for it. I know who did it.
It was like, fuck, man. I was
probably not verified. Now I got the star,
but it's like, what am I going to do? Jump through hoops
to get my fucking star taken down or whatever the
fuck it is, blue checkmark? But I got
to admit, it does make the fucking page
look a little nicer. Oh, yeah, it does.
It's a nice little embellishment, I will say that.'s real you have a blue check mark yeah i had one i got one
the first time we had you on the podcast biz the next morning i woke up with one oh well you got
one before ra i did yeah but i but i never i never asked for one people would always say oh you're
not verified i'm like i don't care dude what's even crazier with is like i got like legit dozens of people congratulate me i was like i really appreciate the sentiment
but like it isn't like worthy of a congratulations like i didn't fucking do anything you know but
act like an idiot online you became verified yeah what a good year for you all right you went full
time at barstool you got the check mark soon to be check mark on instagram i'm assuming this you
know you're gonna be an Instagram model.
Yeah.
Right.
Sure.
Fucking first shirt.
First on first top.
Let's see.
Whatever the opposite of topless is.
That's what I'll be.
The first top top to fucking Instagram.
Well, I mean, the way the world's going, it's very PC.
I mean, I think you could be a supermodel.
What are you talking the way that I was typing at the Q and J.
All right, boys.
I think we should send it over to Ryan Close so we can calm down
and get a little more of this silliness out of us.
This one was without wit.
Unfortunately, he was on his golf trip.
It would have been fun to add you in the mix.
Chloe's a great guy.
Maybe we can do him again at some point when I'm involved.
All right.
Let's send it over.
This interview was brought to you by NHTSA.
From August 14th through September 2nd,
cops across the U.S.
will be increasing enforcement on impaired drivers. There are three main message focal
points for the Labor Day Impaired Driving Campaign. Drunk driving in a vehicle, drunk riding on a
motorcycle, and drug impaired driving. As far as no big deal talking points, you knew the risk of
driving drunk. There could be a crash. People could get hurt or killed.
You could get arrested, incur huge legal expenses, and possibly even lose your job.
You knew the consequences of driving drunk, and you were wrong when you said it was no big deal.
So drive sober or get pulled over.
Hashtag drive sober.
As far as the motorcycle, well, the motorcycle man in the mirror,
if you can't trust yourself when you've been drinking, if you drink, don't ride.
It's that simple.
Ride sober or get pulled over.
Hashtag ride sober.
And also feel different, okay?
A DUI covers more than just alcohol.
Drugs that make you feel different will make you drive different, and you could get a DUI.
It's not always drinking.
It could be over-the-counter drugs, whatever.
Always remember, though, if you feel different, you drive different.
Never drive high.
Drive high, get a DUI.
Our next guest was the sixth-round pick in the 0-1 draft,
and he carved out a nice 10-season career in which he amassed 309 points
in 491 games with the Sharks, Rangers, and Devils.
He's also a Newfie, which is why he joined us on Newfie Week.
Welcome to Spittin' Chicklets, Ryan Clow.
Hey, guys.
Happy to be on.
First off, do you mind the term Newfie?
I understand it's somewhat of a controversial term.
What's your take on it?
I don't mind it.
I don't love it.
But I prefer Newfoundlander.
But, you know, it's not a big deal.
I don't mind it.
Okay, Newfoundlander week going forward.
I mean, we got the word from the boss here.
Chloe, first of all, you've been up  where are you?
In Florida right now?
Yeah, I'm in Florida, yeah.
Because I was hanging out with my buddy Terry Ryan in Newfoundland,
and he had a lot of good things to say about you.
I actually talked about how hard your come-up was,
and, you know, right away you didn't get drafted to the queue,
but you ended up making the team as a walk-on,
Ramuski, correct?
Yeah, yeah, it was interesting.
I actually went to, as an 18-year-old,
I went to Moncton Wildcats on a tryout walk-on
and got cut and played until Christmas time
with the junior A team in Moncton,
the Moncton Beavers.
And I had a three-game tryout at Christmas time where Muskie,
we were after winning the Memorial Cup the year before,
and I had lost some guys, I had some injuries.
Ended up staying after the tryout Christmas until, you know,
the season ended.
And that year I had a pretty good playoffs and got drafted to San Jose
so basically went in September to try out to Moncton got cut and then that year in June was
drafted to San Jose and next year at a training camp in the NHL so I really didn't know what was
going on I remember flying into San Jose and I was just was a crazy year. Terry kind of described
as that never quit attitude I mean not to knock you you weren't the best skater and weren't really highly touted coming into junior but he just said the work ethic the work
ethic and the willingness to fight and just do what it took in order to make it to the next level
and and I mean that's a testament to you and probably the reason you ended up going
on to play in the AHL and then the NHL yeah I mean definitely you know average skater always felt like
uh you know had decent hands a hockey sense but you know I average skater. I always felt like, you know, had decent hands, a hockey sense.
But, you know, I was kind of a little bit of a late bloomer.
You know, like you said, I always felt like if I had to get an edge somehow,
you know, it was probably the work part of it.
You know, once you get to an NHL training camp and you're around other prospects
and you see who you're competing with, I always felt like, you know,
I realized that, you know,
there's always a level that guys will push themselves through,
but I always found there was another certain guys can push yourself,
you know, farther.
And that's where I felt like I could get my edge.
And, you know, it's kind of funny when you get to that stage
and get to those camps and you really see how much over, you know,
a year, two years, three three years how much you can really improve as a player if you really put the work in you know
I think sometimes uh we think you are what you are but how you can really develop and improve and
nowadays you really see it with certain players with the development systems but uh you know it
worked out for me. Ryan after you got drafted and met with San Jose's front office,
what kind of, like, chances or odds did they give you of making the team,
like, realistically?
Where did they foresee you in, say, two or three years?
I don't know.
When I landed in San Jose and I had to, I think it was,
I'm not sure if it was development camp or training camp,
I met the scouts, and I don't think they had any idea who it was.
I don't know if anyone ever seen me play.
The late John Ferguson Sr., who was, you know,
obviously you know how he played when he was in Montreal.
I think he really was a guy who noticed me and took to my game.
He was the one guy I kept in touch with even when he was kind of sick
and going through a lot of stuff.
We kept in touch, and he always had my back.
So he was kind of the only guy.
I mean, I don't think the scouts really knew me too well uh like i said i was only after playing probably 30
games in the quebec league up to that point plus the playoffs so uh you know after that year after
development camp and training camp had a good camp and you know daryl saw it was the coach at
the time and i think he liked me so i started to gain some traction that way and then when i went
back to junior you know after an nhl training camp you go back to junior you have a ton of confidence and had a really good
year and then kind of just go from there. Now when they traded for Joe Thornton and one of the
all-time great fleecings in NHL history were you actually up with the big club when that happened
or were you with the minor league squad? I was I made the uh team that year out of training camp for i think i played
pretty close to 20 games and i was you know i was awful i played awful i was just kind of in on
watching and i think i got sent down right around when joe got acquired uh i did because you know
what i when he got when he got traded or some guys moved out and I got called up. I think I met the team in Toronto after that Buffalo game.
I think it was his first game.
And it was unbelievable.
We couldn't believe what we got Joe for at that time.
And typical Joe fashion, I remember walking into the ACC
and he ran over and introduced himself to me.
And, you know, that's Joe. I knew who he was.
Obviously, he had no idea who I was, but
that's the kind of guy he is.
It's really
saved the franchise a little bit as far as
going forward and what you were able to build there.
Organizationally, people
must have been, to coin a phrase, shocked
to shit that you actually were able to get Joe Thornton
for not spare parts, not
disrespecting any of those guys, but
I mean, was everybody just like, is this for real?
Because given what the trade was?
Well, I think
what everyone was, it broke
that would, I know the guys knew
and the players knew that we got Joe, but no one really
knew I was going the other way at the
time, I think when it first broke, but everyone
was expecting Patty, I think everyone, you know,
that's where you're expecting to go.
If you're going to get Joe Thornton,
you're probably going to have to go up Patrick Marleau,
but Doug Wilson did a great job there.
Obviously, the three guys were Stuart, Primo, and Sturm
were awesome guys, and they were great for me.
I know when I was in San Jose, but to be able to get Joe
and not have to give up a first-round pick or multiple picks
or Patty Marleau.
First minor even. winner, even.
Yeah, exactly.
Chloe, are you amazed how much they've been able to reload
after all these years?
Because, I mean, they had a relevant team then and still do now,
especially after a couple of runs to the Cup.
I mean, it's amazing.
Yeah, it is.
You know, they're able to retool on the fly.
And, you know, I think when you get that,
it's a little bit like Pittsburgh.
When you get that core group together for so long,
and obviously losing pads now will probably be tough,
but they have Pavelski, they have Marleau, they have Thornton,
they have Burns, and those guys are such, not only characters,
as far as their personalities, but high-character guys as well.
And it's just that culture that's always been there,
always knocking on the door.
Obviously never won, but
obviously giving himself a chance every year.
I think it is
amazing. Doug's been able
to pull a lot of good trades,
keep it rolling.
I think that
a couple of
years they got close there,
it was frustrating to watch. I really
wanted to see. I know when I was in San Jose and when I i left it was me douglas murray and michael hanzus
were you know kind of bigger guys i was becoming a free agent so were dougie we weren't the most
mobile and doug traded us and got some draft picks and we're able to retool and now i understand that
and probably understand them more being on the coaching and a little bit of the management side after playing.
So some great moves by him.
I got to ask you about an incident that's been talked about on the podcast before
where Joe Thornton's known to get a little heated in between periods
if guys maybe aren't playing up the snuff.
And I believe he made a comment towards you
and there was a little bit of a back and forth
and then Boyle ended up getting the receiving end of that one.
Yeah, I figured that one was coming, Biz.
You know, he  we actually sat  me and Joe sat next to each other
and saw in the dressing room basically my whole career in San Jose.
And, you know, we've had multiple heated moments.
But he  that's what I loved about Joe was, you know, we would never linger.
We'd just move on.
But, yeah, we had a pretty big blowup.
Dan Boyle took the brunt of it.
And, you know, the funny part, I was actually kicked out of the game
for what's against Vancouver.
I think I had a 10 in the game or something.
So I was done for the night, and I was sitting in my stall,
and I was just kind of like, what just happened? know I was trying to trying to rehash and regroup and I
seen Boiler sitting over like in the corner with his gear off and I was like what are you doing
like the third period started he's like my nose is broke and I'm like what happened he's like well
you know he hit me with an elbow or something I I'm like, oh. So then that just made things worse.
So he actually missed the third period, and I was out of the game.
So it was a bit of a debacle.
But there's many of those moments, but that's all a part of a good culture,
I think.
Oh, for sure.
Creative conflict, I call it.
I mean, it's normal.
You saw it with Bertuzzo in practice with the St. Louis Blues midseason.
Give me an example, though, of like maybe Joe coming in,
he's a little heated because you guys didn't have a first period,
and you're sitting next to him.
Like what exactly would he say?
Could you give me a line he would use?
Well, you know, he would  I think you guys had Jason Demers on the podcast, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, I remember him looking across at Demers once and asking him,
you know, hey, it's 7.30.
The game started at 7 o'clock.
You know that, right?
You're going to wake up, and these guys are young,
and they put their head down and we laugh.
A couple of times he would go after young guys.
But that's Joe.
He's really  he never comes from a bad place.
He's just so passionate, cares so much.
Just a great team guy.
Guys love him.
But I think the biggest thing in San Jose was like
and I think probably what was in St. Louis,
seeing from some of the battles they had with each other was, you know, on good teams,
sensitivity can't really come into play, and it never did in San Jose. We didn't have a lot of
sensitive guys. We were able to, the one guy that was probably a little bit sensitive
and guys knew it was Burnsy. Like, Burnsy, there was a certain way that Burnsy
needed to be treated on the handle, and that was fine, but overall, Pavs
and Patty and Jumbo and most of the guys dougie murray like guys were just it didn't matter like there
was no no hard feelings and moved on and that's why it was a great group lastly regarding that
subject you remember what it was exactly he said that that made you go off a little bit
uh you know what i do because you know i think he said i think i took a penalty and joe probably
wasn't wrong i think it was i think it was a two and a ten like a misconduct so i think it is a
selfish penalty myself and i think he said that was selfish but i think you know you know what
yourself is if someone called you selfish you're you're basically your job was to pick up your
teammates uh that was probably the worst thing someone's ever said that would be the worst thing someone could probably say to you and in the moment that
was probably how I looked at it and you know I went bananas but you know I think uh like I said
it didn't really didn't really affect me as far as you know going forward or nothing like that I
knew what I knew Joe I knew him so well I knew where he was coming from and it's just in the
moment and you know that was that was a part of it, but
yeah, I think that's what
set me off. You hit the nail on the head,
man. I think I'd rather walk in on my teammates
plowing my old lady than them calling me selfish
because you know me. All I care about was the
boys in the locker room. No wonder
you went apeshit. Maybe Joe
did deserve it.
Well, you know what?
I think I deserved it, and he probably deserved it,
so we both were part of it.
Like I said, I had no issue with what he was saying about the selfish penalty,
but, you know, sometimes they just take that stuff the wrong way,
and it's all good.
He's actually the godfather to my child, so we got over it.
Nice.
I mentioned you played for a couple other teams as well,
but do you still pull for the Sharks?
Is that what your sentimentality is when you're watching the playoffs
still with San Jose?
Yeah, you know, watching this year for sure.
I think, and like we were just talking about Joe,
that's the biggest reason why.
You know, he's one of my closest friends
and someone I hold in high regard, and I'd love to see him win.
You know, I just, he's been so close.
And I don't think anyone, I don't think, you know, anyone deserves him more.
And I'm sure when you guys watch, you know, like most fans nowadays,
they want to see him win.
Like they want to see Joe have an opportunity to win.
And he's always had good chances in San Jose.
You know, Pete DeBoer has done a great job there.
And so I still root for the Sharks and probably the Sharks and the Devils. He's always had good chances in San Jose. Pete DeBoer has done a great job there.
So I still root for the Sharks and probably the Sharks and the Devils and obviously now the Leafs have been a part of the organization.
But you stay with us.
I want to go back to Newfoundland.
You're not actually from St. John.
You're from a small town called Formoose.
Is that how you say it?
Yeah, Formoose.
Formoose. What's it like growing up there with like, I mean,
the resources as far as playing hockey, they just, they just weren't there.
I mean, people could barely scout you. Just talk about that a little bit.
Yeah, there was no, there was no scouts. I was, uh, yeah,
I think it was probably smaller now. It's probably closer to four or 500.
I think it was closest to six, 700 people. When I was growing up, yeah, I think it was probably smaller now. It's probably closer to 400 or 500. I think it was close to 600, 700 people when I was growing up fishing town.
You know, my dad was a crab fisherman growing up.
You know, I think the out, the rink was, you know,
I think over an hour away to get there.
So that was a little bit challenging.
I didn't mind, but for my parents it was challenging at times,
especially with the winters in Newfoundland.
But, you know, I was just, I wasn't a star player by any means growing up.
Always, you know, a pretty good player.
But as I got older, developed more.
But, you know, it was great.
And I never, you know, I never imagined that, you know,
Quebec League and all that didn't come on my radar, a major junior until, you know,
I eventually made a AAA team at home.
That was the only step I was trying to get to.
You know, I've been cut from so many teams.
I was just trying to make a major AAA team
and start from there.
So, you know, eventually worked out.
Took longer than I would have liked,
but, you know, it was all good.
Was there anyone that you looked up to
as far as the Newfoundland boys?
I mean, I think, Ari, you were talking about it beforehand.
29 guys? Yeah,
29 Newfoundlanders to play
in the NHL, in his NHL
history, per QuantHockey.com.
Yeah.
And you know what? We were pretty lucky during our era
that we had, I think, probably six or seven at once
and all making...
I mean, I remember the one year it was me, Teddy,
Danny, and Michael Ryder in the four final teams.
So you kind of knew someone was going to win the cup, and that was outstanding.
So, you know, like Terry, you talked about Terry, Harold Drukin, Danny Cleary.
Like these were the guys that kind of were coming, really coming on
when I was growing up and in my teens.
So they were guys I looked up to and eventually trained with some of the guys later.
But there's a lot of good players.
And then obviously Alex Newhook drafted first round this year.
I'm sure Terry reminds you a few times that he didn't go higher than him.
So it's been great.
And hopefully it gets back where we get a group of five, six guys coming up again.
How much of a ball breaker is Teddy out there?
I can imagine it must be pretty entertaining either in practice
or during games with him out on the ice, no?
Oh, he is. Yeah, he's quick.
You know, Teddy is one of my closest friends,
and I've spent a lot of time with him when he was in Maine,
and we used to have to stop. used to go you know downtown on george street and he's had to stop in and get his dad's
bank card and take out 20 so i make sure that he gets when he gets high any tourists out there
manhattan i make sure to put him in his place so does he bring you to that 900 club
yeah yeah oh what a spot that is i ended up going there this weekend with him we're going to
have him on uh as well because it's as we mentioned it's a new foundler week new new new
foundler week how do i say it new yeah new foundler you said it you can just say new if you
i don't want to complicate things i really struggle with that word i've been butchering
it lately on the podcast i did it in that that two-part series of Roadwires as well.
Here,
R.A.'s got one for you, actually.
I wanted to ask, why on, and this really
isn't for me, I'm an American, but I hear it from other
Canadians, why are Newfoundlanders looked at as
sort of the weirdo cousins of Canada, for lack
of a better term?
I don't know.
I don't know if that's kind of,
I don't know if that's gone and passed,
that mystique.
I think Newfoundlanders are, you know, held in pretty high regard
and a little respected now, certainly nowadays.
Obviously, there's a lot of natural resources back home.
We've got a lot of smart people, but we've got a lot of good people.
And usually, as you guys would know, the first thing you say,
how nice the people are, how friendly they are, how giving and caring.
So it's a great province.
I love it.
Still have a place back there, but, you know, people who say that don't usually say it's in Newfoundland.
Yeah, they say it behind your back.
So who would be your competition for the wackiest province in Canada?
Oh, geez, I don't know.
Maybe, I mean, the only one I guess
who could be Prince Edward Island,
I don't know, maybe the closest,
but I don't, all the people from PEI
that I know I like.
So I like all the Maritime.
You guys know all the Maritime provinces are great.
Absolutely.
Man, you guys must have had some fun times
off the ice with that San Jose team.
You mentioned Douglas Murray, who this guy can crank it.
Well, Crank Shaft is his name, Biz.
You got one crazy story that you can tell on the podcast about Douglas Murray
so the legend can grow?
Yeah, he just got engaged and had a kid like two days ago now,
so I got to make sure I don't give it to him too bad.
But we were, you know, we always did the annual Vegas trip, right?
Oh, man.
I ran into you guys a couple times there.
Yeah, yeah.
So, you know, I think it was one year.
I forget.
Maybe it was the Poms.
I think we were staying in that suite that had the bowling alley.
So we'd always had, like, one big suite that was kind of like a room
or community room where guys would come back to.
And we were playing.
It was one night, I think it was me, Joe Thorne, Dan Boyle, Dougie,
and I think Dan Boyle's friend.
And I think it was like 5 in the morning or something.
Dougie was sitting on the bowling alley, and Dan Boyle's friend was just bowling.
He was just bowling.
There was a bar right next to it.
The guys were sitting around the bar.
Dougie laid down on the bowling alley with his head and was like,
just throw the ball.
This is one of those, like, big bowling balls.
And the guy was like, dude, I don't even really know you,
and I'm not throwing this at your head.
So Dougie was like, just do it.
Just do it.
The guy was like, no, I'm not doing it.
So, you know, five minutes, ten minutes later, you know,
we were having a conversation, and the guy kept bowling.
He wound back and threw the ball.
And as he threw it, Dougie threw his head in front of us.
So it, you know, rolls out, hits him, splits him right down.
I mean, split him right down.
And this guy's got the biggest and hardest head I've ever seen ever.
And it just cut him right down the middle.
So he was like, I think it surprised him a little bit.
It didn't surprise us, but it surprised him that it would do that much damage.
So he just starts leaking.
We have to call down and get a guy to come up, patch him up.
He's got bandages on his forehead.
And I don't know.
I think he was actually concussed a little bit that summer from that.
But there's many Dougie Murray stories, many Crankshaft stories.
But he's one of a kind, and he's one of the nicest guys you meet,
and I love him.
But as you know, Biz, he's probably one of the harder hitters,
I'm sure, if you try to hit him.
But him and Shane Doan, I remember, especially early in Dougie's career,
I mean, it was just so fun to watch two of those guys go at it.
And obviously a team guy off the ice trying to get the morale of the party
going at 5 in the morning with taking a bowling ball to the head.
Yeah, it was Vegas at 5 in the morning.
I think, I don't know how much you need to get the boys going at that point.
It's maybe the downturn.
He didn't want anyone going to sleep.
He wanted to get back going.
No, not at all.
He's awesome.
You spent three seasons playing in Cleveland in the minor leagues.
I know it didn't last as an NHL city back in the 70s,
but what was your Cleveland experience like?
You know, I loved it, to be honest.
You know, I think when you come out of,
you start to make a little bit of money and you're turning pro,
I think whatever town you go to, you can have some fun.
Most of the guys are younger then.
So, you know, I really enjoyed it because, you know,
it was a major sports town for us, the Browns and Cleveland Indians,
and they had the Cavs, and we were a minor league team.
We played out of the Cavs arena, and this was right after LeBron James
was drafted.
So, you know, all the guys lived downtown, and it was great.
There was a lot to do.
But the only thing about Cleveland was, and now, from what I understand,
it's different because they actually do draw some fans.
Like, we would have, you know, 300, 400 people in the Gund,
the 20,000-seat arena on a Tuesday night or maybe 900 on a Saturday.
And, you know, music would go out and warm up.
Guys would look around.
Like, the actual hockey and the atmosphere was, you know, one of go out and warm up. Guys are looking around. Like, the actual hockey and the atmosphere was, you know,
one of the worst I've seen.
But the actual city of Cleveland, you know, we had a good time.
Like I said, there was a lot to do, especially for a minor league city.
And I think there's a lot of minor league cities that could have been worse.
So I had a great time.
You had Cunney for an assistant coach out there, right, David Cunneff?
Oh, I sure did. What was he like as an assistant coach out there, right? David Cunneff? Oh, I sure did.
What was he like as an assistant coach?
He's a great guy.
What's the back story between this, R.A.?
How do you know him?
Dave Cunneff, he's a local kid, South Boston kid,
unbelievable high school player, unbelievable college player,
and he's been humping in the minors for years.
I think he's currently the assistant to the Iowa Wild,
but he's a local guy.
I grew up with,
and I noticed that Colby played underneath him,
so I wanted to pick his brain a little.
Oh, he was great.
Cunning was great.
You know, I didn't actually see him play,
but the story is about, you know, he was pretty tough, pretty crazy.
But he was a great assistant, I know that.
He was, like, super intense, super intense.
I mean, I remember a few times, like, we'd play two-on-two after practice.
Guys were, like, geared to play with him.
You know, he was cracking sticks and throwing sticks and screaming at guys.
But, you know, we loved him.
Him and Roy Summer, Roy is still with the Sharks.
They coached together for a long time.
And I'm happy.
And actually, Cunny coached in Albany when I was in New Jersey as well.
So I'm happy to still see him do well.
He's a great guy.
Yeah, he comes from a long hockey stock here.
His father coached the Bruins, of course.
But I wanted to ask you, you mentioned Cleveland.
We were just talking about it.
Are you a big LeBron guy?
I'm not sure if the Whit Dog would be crazy about that.
No, I'm not, actually.
I'm not a big LeBron guy.
But I got to see him in his first couple of years. That's about that. No, I'm not, actually. I'm not a big LeBron guy, but I got to see him
in his first couple of years.
That's about it.
But no, I wouldn't call him
my favorite athlete by any means.
You also mentioned
at the deadline there
when you went over to New York,
you guys had a bit of a run there.
You didn't play much in playoffs,
but what was your experience
with the Rangers?
And you played under Tortorella.
You got to have one Tortorella story.
It was honestly like, it was great.
New York was outstanding.
I loved it.
You know, I love playing for Torts.
He was, when I got there, I think Torts was probably there
probably five years at that point.
So, you know, Torts five years can be a long time.
I think some guys were kind of, you know, at the it but for me i just i i love towards you know he was
he just wanted to be you know i wanted the man who wanted to tell it how it is and just go do it
and i love that and i you know he was great uh for me unfortunately i think i do got a couple i uh i remember i think we're in a
meeting i think we're doing a pre-scout on um on washington i think we play washington first
so we're having a team meeting in the pre-scout and towards this up in front you know he's got
he sits in the chair he's got a computer and looking at the screen
and
he's going through the video
and just basically, I wasn't
even on the clip or I wasn't
on the screen and he just
screams, it's in the middle of the meeting
is fucking Chloe in here?
And guys are looking around like
what?
And I'm just in the back going yeah i'm here all right
gets back on the video starts again and like what what just happened so he was like he would just go
sometimes like off on you're like torts where you going with this but you know he was uh i i loved
him like honestly he was if i still see him i, I still say hello. I'm sure you would have loved playing for him too,
but he's a pretty straight shooter, and that's what most of us like.
You finished up your career right across the river in New Jersey,
and I know Lou Lamorello actually coached the team for a bit of a stretch.
Did you play under Lou at all when he did coach the Devils
for that brief period of time?
Yeah, I was there.
I was there, but I was actually injured at that time, and that was the year before I retired.
But I was still around.
It was him and it was Lou Adamoats and Scott Stevens at that point.
Pete was let go after Christmas.
So, yeah, and Lou is one of the best people I've ever met in the game.
Probably the best.
He's outstanding, so I love him.
There's one player I wanted to ask you about when you were in New Jersey,
Patrick Elias.
I think he's  I wonder if you agree.
Is he perhaps the most underrated superstar of his era,
and is he a Hall of Famer?
I think he's a Hall of Famer.
I mean, you know, I always  you just watch Patty and he, you know,
he's in New Jersey and New Jersey is a very team oriented organization and,
you know, guys don't usually stand out too much and that's, you know,
with purpose, but watching him from a distance,
you realize he's a good player,
but you don't realize until you play with him every day, how smart he is.
That's where Paddy separates himself
and where he's a lead is his hockey sense.
I've got to play with him a little bit.
Just unbelievable to play with.
He's a little bit like Joe as far as you never,
you don't have to call for the puck.
You never have to tell him you're open, none of that stuff.
If you're open, he'll see you.
And that was how it was a little bit when I played for Joe.
It's never tapping your stick or, hey, I was here. If you're open, they'll always see you. And that was how it was with, you know, a little bit when I played for Joe. It's never, you know, tapping your stick or, hey, I was here.
If you're open, they'll always see you.
And they'll always make the play.
And, you know, Patty was just, you know, now getting into coaches,
getting into coaching, he would be a guy that you just love to coach.
He'd be so reliable and dependable.
He's a coach's dream, really.
So, really intelligent player.
Ryan, one other question I had for you.
I know you had some concussion issues when you played,
and obviously that, you know, contributed to your career being cut short.
We want to know how you're feeling these days.
Yeah, feeling pretty good.
You know, obviously I had to resign this year from Newfoundland,
which was a very tough and grueling decision in a few months.
But, you know, starting to make a turn, seeing a few doctors.
And, you know, I think it's like most guys dealing with concussions.
It's day to day, and you're always trying to stay ahead of it and do what you can.
So, you know, I've been in Florida the last few months.
It obviously helps down here a little bit, I think, with the weather and all that.
But, you know, starting to feel pretty good and starting to work out a little bit, which obviously makes you feel good.
So, yeah, thanks for doing a little better.
Chloe, any thought of getting back into coaching if everything turns around for you as far
as the head's concerned?
Yeah, I mean, I love coaching, you know.
I was obviously coached two years in New Jersey and then had an opportunity to be a head coach
in Newfoundland.
So, you know, it was something I really wanted to do.
I loved it.
I loved last year.
The opportunity or the chance that I actually did get to coach was great.
So I promised myself that I'd kind of step away from that and give my chance to kind of regroup and see where it goes from there. So at least our organization has just been outstanding
with Kyle Dubas and Brendan Shanahan.
And the whole organization is just unbelievable
how they treated me.
And I hope to continue working with the organization in Toronto.
We've had some real good talks, so we'll see where that goes.
But I always want to stay in the game.
Like I said, I love coaching. It's great to stay around it. So in some capacity, I'd love to stay in the game. Like I said, I love coaching. It's great to stay around
it, so in some capacity, I'd love to
stay in the game.
I'm glad to hear you're feeling well. We hate to hear
guys getting their heads knocked, so it's nice
to hear you're doing well.
You're one of 29 Newfoundlanders to make the
NHL, and it's an honor to have you on during
Newfoundland week, so Ryan Clow, we appreciate
it very much. Enjoy the rest
of your week, my friend. Okay, guys. Appreciate it. Thanks for having me on. Make sure you guys are pumped for Newfoundland week. So Ryan, Chloe, we appreciate it very much. Enjoy the rest of your week, my friend. Okay, guys. Appreciate it.
Thanks for having me on. Make sure you guys are
pumped for Newfoundland this week. Oh, we
will. We got Terry Ryan Sr. coming
on. Oh, Jesus.
All right.
That's a good way
to end it. Perfect.
That interview was also brought to you by
Gong Show.
Boys, we talk about it on the show all the time.
Hockey players have gigantic asses.
We saw Grinelli drooling all over Crosby's thighs when we were up Nova Scotia a couple months back.
Dudes cannot find jeans to fit them.
Hockey players in particular have big thighs and big asses.
That's why Gong Show has redesigned the standard pair of jeans.
has redesigned the standard pair of jeans.
Their new hockey leggings jeans are made by hockey players for hockey players using an engineered stretchable denim
to give you that extra room where you need it most.
The days of squeezing your hockey ass into uncomfortable,
tight-fitting jeans are over.
Priced at 85 a pair, these beauties won't break the bank
or your eggs, and you'll have something,
and you'll actually have some extra change left over
for the next round at the bar for the boys
unless you're biz.
If they don't make the cut, Gong Show offers
free returns and exchanges as part
of their beauty service guarantee.
So right now, exclusive
to our listeners, you can use the
code CHICKLETS or just head to
gongshow.com slash CHICKLETS
to get 15 off your next
order.
That code again is chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
or head to gongshow.com slash chicklets for 15 off.
Give the Gong Show Hockey Legs jeans a try.
Your hockey legs and ass will thank you.
Big thanks once again to Ryan Clow for joining us.
Always enjoy chatting with the retired guys, and he was no exception.
So let's turn it over to the hockey news.
We actually had a little bit more than the last couple weeks, that's for sure.
Spitting checklets.
We broke the news that our pal Scotty Upshaw would be going to Dallas on a PTO.
Has been further confirmed from other outlets since then.
So good luck to our boy Uppy.
He's been looking good on those Instagram pictures. I'm not even talking about the workout ones, just in general.
Because he's fucking, he's Uppy.
So Biz, it'd be great to
see him fucking latch on, man.
I mean, it's impressive to me as a
schlub who fucking doesn't work out.
This guy's knee was shredded like he
couldn't walk fucking when we saw him in the winter
time. And now he's doing these uphill
fucking exercise and pushing medicine balls and wintertime, and now he's, you know, doing these uphill fucking exercises
and pushing medicine balls and all that stuff.
And it's cool to see, man.
So we're obviously pulling hard for him.
I think it's a great spot for him.
They have an older lineup.
I think he can add to it.
I think he'll add some party planning on the plus side when they leave the rink.
But, no, he's put in a lot of work this summer.
You could see him working hard in those videos.
And other than that, Whit, I mean, how do you think he fits in there?
I think it depends to be seen how he does in camp.
I mean, a full year off, dude, is hard at his age.
Maybe he gets there and he is just a step too slow.
And if not, I think he'd be perfect on the fourth line.
I don't know until I'll see him or hear how he looks, right,
because it's just  you'll know five days into camp, I bet,
if Uppie's probably going to get a chance in that team.
And they're not going to bring him in without probably thinking
we could see signing him to a one-year deal, at least a two-way, right?
If they bring him in, I think there is a legit chance.
Me and you were a little different, Biz.
We were jesters.
But if he can move and the knee is fine,
and yeah, maybe play his fourth line.
I mean, it's a big deal for him,
but for Dallas, it's just a risk that is no risk.
You know what I'm saying?
That really makes no sense.
But you know what I meant.
Also, Sagan and Uppy together on the same team,
they might break Messier and Gretzky's records.
So points.
Can those two hold? 40-40-40 for Sagan and Uppy together on the same team, they might break Messier and Gretzky's records for points. Can those two?
40-40-40 for Sagan.
All right.
Next up, Wilbraham Mass' own Billy Guerin was hired as the GM of the Wild
last week, and frankly, it's probably the best move that organization
has made in ages.
Bill Guerin, he was understudy in Pittsburgh under Rutherford,
I believe was his last
stop. He's been working hard at it. They say he's a
very diligent worker. He's
a hilarious guy, anybody who knows him.
I think it's good that they went with him
and they weren't shy about going back to
another guy who wasn't a full-time GM yet.
They just kind of cut bait with Fenton.
What's your take on this one, Whit?
I love it. It's hard.
It's going to be hard now for us to rip the Wild guys
because we're Billy G fans on here.
This would be a good time for him to maybe come on Spittin' Chicklets.
I know as the new GM, he's probably thinking to stay out of the limelight.
But what better way to kind of announce your presence with authority
than coming on this podcast?
We've been blowing you for two years to begin with.
But the Wild went with pretty much the exact opposite of Paul Fenton
in terms of a guy who came off as not that friendly.
That was the vibe we got talking to people, that he was a little standoffish.
And Billy Guerin's just a great dude.
He has the quote, the quote of saying,
it's not that hard to be a good guy.
So I think he's going to be very friendly dealing with media,
with people working in the hockey ops,
little things that end up adding up to a bigger sum.
So I think it's great.
And I do think he learned under the right people.
He's seen what it takes to be a winner not only as a player,
but on the other side when you get to the side of, well,
we've got to get rid of that guy, we've got to trade for this guy,
because it's two totally different things.
We've seen plenty of great players make shitty front office guys,
and I think that he'll be the guy that can kind of do both.
Tough picture they used for him on that wild out of post.
If you're him, you've got to be like, hey, PR guy,
I'm going to be friendly to everyone but you.
You're done.
You're gassed.
That's the picture you picked of me?
Because he just  it's a little bloated. I'd say
to him, I think he'd probably laugh at it.
He's not a bad looking dude. There's better pics
than that one. He's got the same
tan in it that I have tonight.
Yeah, but he's just kind of doing that face
where you're inadvertently giving yourself
triple chin. Oh, yeah. Everyone's seen
pictures of themselves. More chins than
a Chinese phone book?
Is that joke still acceptable?
Yeah, sure it is.
I mean, it's still a last name.
So, you know, it's fine with me.
It passes the PC test.
Let's see.
A couple other signings.
Veteran forward Derek Brassard, who will be 32 when the season starts,
spit it out, signed with the Isles a one-year, 1.2 million deal.
He had 14 goals and nine assists in 70 games played last season which he was a penguin a panther and an avalanche uh he
also had one assist in nine playoff games of colorado uh speaking of low risk moves with i
think this is a low a pretty low risk possibly high reward signing for lou i mean he had 21
tucks back in 18 last year was kind of a tough year for him, bouncing around all over
the place, but for 1.2
million, if he turns around and gives them 20-25
goals, that's going to be a hell of a bargain, eh, Biz?
I like it.
I think he can definitely find his
game again, and I mean,
the way they play, he's not really expected to
produce high offense, because I mean, they
play a pretty structured game,
and I would imagine he'd probably be slotted into that third-line center role.
Would you guys agree?
On paper, sure.
Yeah, and that's a good line match for him.
I still think he has some stuff left in the tank in order to play in that position.
I think that's just a great bargain signing with no risk.
Well said.
A couple quick notes, though, I thought was interesting.
The Isles will be Brassad's seventh team in the last eight seasons,
and he was actually very briefly the property of an eighth team,
the Vegas Golden Knights,
until they completed that three-way deal with Ottawa and Pittsburgh last
February.
And after spending his first six seasons with Columbus,
he became a very hot commodity and was technically traded six times,
which is pretty wild.
So what you're saying is he's a horrible guy?
No, I'm saying teams love him, man, if everybody wants him this much.
Well, Yanz and Hazy say he's the best.
He's awesome.
Love him.
And he's a wheel.
Yeah, a wheel.
He's good with the French, too.
He's got the look, and then he talks.
He could probably just play up the accent, too, if he wants.
Well, You guys love
the dough. Thanks in large part to the
5x5 he got from the Rangers back in
2014. He has career earnings of just
under 40 million, which means this season
he's going to crack 40 sheets.
You'll need to pitch in to buy him a gift for passing
40 sheets.
Fuck that.
Who do we say? Was it Pavelski
and somebody else in Dallas that they're going there
and they're going to hit their 1,000th game?
Who is the second guy?
Corey Perry, is it?
Yeah, Corey Perry.
Both those guys are going to hit their 1,000th game
in the first half of the season.
So imagine all those fucking young guys in Dallas.
Dude, actually, I have the number.
I can pull it up.
Rupert Hintz is like, Jesus Christ, what the fuck?
There's something like legit, like 21 guys, I think,
this season who could potentially hit their 1,000th game.
And you know why?
Because I think a lot of the 85s are going to be hitting it.
Because Pavelski and Corey Perry, 85, that was my draft year.
I think the best draft of all time.
I'm sure people will disagree with me online.
I don't know if they will.
I get to argue on my day off tomorrow.
But who else?
I'm curious to know how many of those people about to hit 1,000 are 85 born.
Actually, I found it right here.
This upcoming season could see 21 players hit the milestone.
Did it tell you the names?
No, it doesn't have the names here, but
we can obviously pull them up later.
I'm pulling up HockeyDB
that draft, and
I'm looking. I mean, I already
see a bunch of a thousands.
Eric Stahl's over it. Vanek's
over it. Fnuff's over it.
Dustin Brown, Seabrook,
Brent Burns, Kessler.
You mentioned Vanek and Biz.
Just going back to the silver stick.
Vanek and Trevor Dilley both played their 1,000th game with Detroit last year.
Their teammates all pitched in and got them their silver stick last year.
You're shoving that silver stick right up my ass.
Hey, this year.
Biz, Biz, great call.
This year from that draft, Perry, this is just the first round.
Perry's going to hit it.
Getzlaff's going to hit it.
Parisi's going to hit it.
Jeff Carter's going to hit it.
Oh, my God.
Colburn, I think, is going to hit it.
And quit it.
That was so fucking cheesy, but I loved it.
Shea Weber's coming up.
Oh, that's funny.
I came here to get fucked up, not fucked down.
Louis Erickson.
Wow.
I don't know about that.
So I was right.
Give me a pat on the back, boys.
Pat on the back.
All right, a couple more notes before we go to Terry Ryan Sr.
Stanley Cup winner in front of the show, Pat Big Rig Maroon maroon he's gonna have a great shot at winning consecutive stanley cups
as he signs a one-year deal with tampa for 900k the 31 year old big rig had 10 goals 18 assists
in 74 games last year he added three goals and four assists in 26 playoff games and two of those
goals were fucking huge so uh kudos to Patton.
Good luck to him next year at getting another cut.
What you got, Biz?
You know, I mean, I hope he goes there and has success.
And one thing that I think they lacked was his type of player in the lineup,
especially around playoff time.
Now, I'm curious to know how he's going to adjust, though,
at least in the first half of the season.
Because, I mean, I think he's one guy that struggled early on
in his adjustment with the St. Louis Blues.
I know that he eventually overcame that,
and the whole team really found their game and they got rolling.
But they also played a lot different than what Tampa Bay Lightning
and how they play.
So that high-flying offense, I'm interested to see
how he's going to fit in there, you know,
especially with the short offseason and him celebrating so much
after the win.
I think that he's going to be...
I think it might take him a few
months to get into that rhythm there.
Maybe they're also thinking that one of the reasons
that they got bounced quick was
because they didn't have enough down-low
puck protection. They were more high
offense off the rush-type team, so
he could be a guy that they're thinking, this is actually part of the aspect of the game we could use.
We'll see. I completely agree. And it could be an awesome fit right from the start. I would just
kind of raising the question as to, they have a very different mindset and how they play as opposed
to his style of game. Now it might end up being the perfect missing piece. I mean, they've gotten him at
a very cheap price. They got Shattenkirk
at a cheap price. So they're just kind of filling
in these little holes with
some good moves. And I'm not
saying I don't like it. I'm just curious
to see how it's going to work out.
I looked at the cup odds the other night, and I think
they're 6-1. No one's really
that close. It doesn't make sense to bet them,
but they're overwhelming the favorite right now. Well. Like no, no one's really that close. It doesn't make sense to bet them, but they're overwhelming the favorite right now.
Well,
of course,
no,
what happens sounds to it is everybody,
you know,
jumps on the same teams.
Everybody thinks they're going to be good.
And the odds go way down.
Like Colorado's already fucking 12 to one.
You know,
you thought you'd get some more value on them,
but not fucking quite.
All right.
One other deal I want to mention before we send it over to Terry Ryan,
senior Edmonton oil.
Well,
no longer Edmonton oil.
Yes.
He pulled you.
Yavi,
who wasn't restricted.
What's this guy doing?
He was a restricted free agent with Edmonton.
He signed a one-year deal in Finland,
though there was a clause that would allow him to return to the NHL before
December 1st.
His agent,
Marcus Lato said back in June that he'd never play for the Oilers again so basically
if he doesn't get by Edmonton he'll be in Europe for the entire season of course he was taken
fourth overall back in 2016 what you said what's this guy thinking every every year on the golf
trip something happens in hockey and I remember the one season it was the day Hall and Subban got
traded and the whole bus and all the guys are kind of, whoa, whoa, whoa, what's going on here?
And this time I remember a couple of us being like,
you want to read a quote, an interesting quote?
This kid was talking to a Finnish newspaper,
and now granted I will admit it can always be changed in translation.
Who knows for sure we don't speak Finnish.
But what was written down is that he said,
I just want a team where I'm going to play
15 to 17 minutes on one of the top
two lines, get power play time.
Buddy, fuck off.
Why do you ever think you deserve
that right now? You want that?
I want to be a
plus three and play in the
US Open, dude.
You got to prove it. You got to go out U.S. Open, dude. I mean, you got to prove it.
You got to go out and prove it.
Now, obviously, there was a reason and an exit from Edmonton
that with the age, it's quarter, but I'm never playing there again.
It's not going to happen.
But to say that's what you want without going out
and proving that you deserve that is asinine to me.
I want nine inches in a fucking six pack, but hey, you know,
fuck I'll take six inches in a nine pack.
And then you're like, oh wait,
I got a nine inch bone and a six pack of course.
I just think it's that new age mentality where things should be given as
opposed to going out there and earning it.
Now I think there's a fine line between the two.
I know when maybe a little bit before my time,
when you were a first round draft pick,
you would get sent to the AHL and you would,
in some cases you'd be put on the third and fourth line down there and you
weren't necessarily playing special teams, right?
And you spent two years or what? I mean, it didn't matter.
It didn't matter.
Now I know that the league's gotten younger and the pace has gotten faster.
And that's why, you know, a lot of guys, when they hit 30 years old, they're on the decline.
But, I mean, holy shit, you hit the nail on the head, man.
Go out there and fucking earn it.
I mean, I played against the guy in the minors when I was at the Ontario Reign,
and he didn't really dominate the AHL.
In order to get called up to the NHL when I was in the AHL,
you had to dominate the AHL.
And if you didn't do that, you didn't get called up to the NHL when I was in the AHL, you had to dominate the AHL. And if you didn't do that, you didn't get called up.
And in some cases, I mean, one of the examples you can use is Detroit
for a long time.
They would draft all these players, and they would send them down to the minors,
and they would play in Grand Rapids.
And they would just retool because they would go down there and learn how to
play pro hockey where some of these guys
just have the mentality they think because they went in the first,
you know, the first two picks of that team.
They just get to step in and it's theirs.
Just thinking the biggest non-hockey story all week.
We actually hadn't even brought it up.
Andrew Luck retiring and we would talk about take quakes.
What about some awful fucking takes that that ended up with?
Like that idiot Doug Gottlieb, like, calling him a millennial
and he doesn't want to, like, pay the price. It's like,
dude, if you've been watching football for
the last decade, this guy has been fucking
hurt 90 of the time because
his fucking team sucked protecting him.
But it's like, I don't
blame the guy, dude. Like, he's hurt
all the time. He's in pain. He's 29.
You know, if there's anyone at
fault, it's the fucking Colts leaking it to Schefter, like, before the guy could at least finish the game. He's in pain. He's 29. If there's anyone at fault, it's the fucking Colts leaking
it to Schefter before the guy could at least
finish the game. Those idiot fans
end up bullying this guy who's given them their heart
and soul for the last seven, eight years.
The Colts, of course, like they do everything else, they fucked that
up. I thought those were some awful,
awful takes. I'm the first
guy to poke fun at millennials, but that had
absolutely nothing to do with it. You're talking about
arguably, I think probably the toughest
sport to play. I mean, you guys are pro-athletes.
What's your take? Biz first.
Well, I'll
go to Witt. Witt seems like he was hungry for this
one. Well, it's very funny, guys.
You know the
artist Alanis Morissette?
She sang a song, Isn't It Ironic?
You ought to know.
Isn't It Ironic was one of the jams that she had. Isn't It Ironic? You ought to know. Isn't It Ironic was one of the jams that she
had. Isn't It Ironic?
Would you go down on biz in a theater?
Well, well, well.
The same
thing that Andrew Luck just pulled.
Yours truly.
Pulled. I don't know if you guys remember
the news in the Swedish Express
or whatever the fucking newspaper is over there.
Witt signed with Modo in the Swedish H or whatever the fucking newspaper is over there. Witt signed with
Modo in the Swedish Hockey
League, and I quit
right as the season started. Two
games in. I shut it down.
But what happened was, it was in the
middle of the game, same way that the fans
found out and booed Andrew Luck in the middle
of a preseason game. It was in the middle
of the game I was playing in.
But come on. They started cheering because I was so bad.
Go back to USA.
So I do not have to deal with what Andrew Luck dealt with.
It was the opposite of me.
They were like, Jesus Christ, thank God.
Parting gifts.
The whole, I mean, the whole situation,
it's why we kind of are able to be lucky enough
to have this job of having a podcast talking about what's going on.
But it's been kind of painful to just every side coming from each angle
arguing about if you're a dickhead for booing and I have the right to boo
and he's screwed over his team and, well, he's taking care of his body.
I mean, can it not be both?
It's just just it was definitely
bad timing i i for one want to get out there i would not be shocked in the least and i've heard
this rumor that he told them he was going to retire before and earlier than this and people
may say like that doesn't make sense well dude, dude, selling tickets and stuff does, because if you're going to say you're going to retire, I don't know, two, three months ago, dude, you could, you could
easily as the owner be like, can you just wait? So people re up for the year? Like we're supposed
to be good and build excitement. I know it sounds crazy, but even if it was just run of the mill
and he woke up and he was done, dude, you're done, man. The minute you think about it, it's kind of over.
That's the quote from Belichick.
The minute it enters your mind, it may not end that day,
but that means that the end's coming.
And Andrew Luck had that thought.
Dude, he didn't want to do it anymore.
And people booing him, I don't really blame them.
I disagree with them.
But people are fucking psychopath sports fans.
Some dude, Larry, in Indianapolis lives for the Colts
and just found out that his stud QB quit like a day before the season.
I don't blame big old Larry for booing him as he's walking off the field.
I also think he's an idiot.
So it's just both ways for me.
I know I'm playing in the middle, but I don't know.
Yeah, I would never care that much over any male athlete
or any athlete in general, excuse me, quitting.
If they want to quit, quit.
Dude, the guy doesn't want to do it.
The guy doesn't want to do it anymore.
He has millions.
Yeah.
Go ahead, dude.
Yeah.
Someone said you're not going to get booed on the beach in Maui.
When Berglund retired and just walked away from his contract,
I was like, good for him.
If he doesn't want to do it, why should he be stuck in doing this?
Because it's because of public opinion.
It's what matters most to him.
Dude, people work jobs because they have to,
because they need to make a living.
I respect the hell out of it.
If you have fucking millions of dollars
and you don't want to do anything anymore,
you don't really have to.
So sorry to say, because all you people that are working jobs you don't really like,
if you didn't have to, you wouldn't do it.
So fuck off.
And money's not everything to fucking everyone,
especially when you've got 100 million socked away.
So, all right, I wanted to hear you guys take on that,
because like I said, you're the former pro athletes of the show.
Oh, and sorry, quickly before we move on, I know this is hockey.
The reason I think that that rumor could be true is because he's getting his money this year.
That doesn't make sense.
No, I did read that.
I forget.
One of the respected writers did tweet that with that he had been contemplating for at least a couple of weeks.
I'm saying the team knew.
I'm saying he knew.
Two things, Whit.
They could feel bad at the fact that they didn't spend any money on the line
in order to protect him.
No feelings in this industry.
Correct.
Or the fact that he could have just went on the IR the whole season
because he's hurt right now.
He can't play.
So I know that he didn't, but maybe they're just like,
hey, we're not going to make this.
You could have done this anyways.
Yeah.
Right.
You could have done it anyway.
So I think what they're doing is they're paying him out the bonus
that he received a couple months ago where he's going to get to keep that.
He will not be paid moving forward.
Yeah, they could go after it and say we want our money back,
but they opted not to.
So they're not being total scumbags like, say, the NFL.
Okay, I had it wrong.
I actually thought he was getting a salary for this year.
That makes more sense.
All right.
Let's send it over to the one and only Terry Ryan Sr.
This interview was brought to you by ZipRecruiter.
Hiring used to be hard.
Multiple job sites, stacks of resumes, a confusing review process. But today, hiring can be made easy,
and you only have to go to one place to get it done,
ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter sends your job to over 100 of the web's leading job boards,
but they don't stop there.
With their powerful matching technology,
ZipRecruiter scans thousands of resumes to find people with the right experience
and invites them to apply to your job.
As applications come in, ZipRecruiter analyzes each one
and spotlights the top candidates so you never miss a great match.
ZipRecruiter is so effective that four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate through the site within the first day.
And right now, our listeners can try ZipRecruiter for free at this exclusive web address.
ZipRecruiter.com slash checklists.
address, ziprecruiter.com slash checklists.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
ziprecruiter.com slash checklists.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
All right.
Well, Terry, I don't even know how we're going to bring your old man in because this has been quite the trip getting to meet him.
But if you had to think of an intro for your old man,
what exactly would it be?
Oh, my God.
What defines senior?
Sports enthusiast, teacher.
I don't want to say jack of all trades,
but senior reminds me of senior reminds me of like the old
wise man uh the if if we were a tribe he'd be not only because he talks a lot there is some wisdom
in there somewhere yeah it gets lost in the shuffle it gets lost in the shuffle but you know
he talks a lot and usually there is something to say and much like me i get it i know it's in me
but anyway this is this is
him i mean i'm shocked that he hasn't said a word yet because he is just because i'm waiting because
it's a gentleman and me really i love i love that word gentlemen there you go i love that word
somewhere though it's like somewhere over the rainbow somewhere it it it connotes anything you want it to be somewhere.
Well, Terry Ryan Sr., I met you for the first time this week,
as I've already mentioned,
and I thought you'd be a very interesting guy to get on the podcast because I don't think we've had a player of your age, per se,
on the podcast who would be able to come on
and tell these old, wacky stories about that era of hockey.
Good memory.
And I'm going to look over at Grinnell right now.
Have we had anyone who's played when dinosaurs roamed the earth?
Has that happened yet?
So it's very interesting having a guy as old as you on.
So welcome to the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
And I hope there's going to be more. Can I take my teeth out just to show? as old as you are. So welcome to the Spitting Chicklets podcast.
And I hope there's going to be... Can I take my teeth out just to show?
I mean, do you talk
better with them in or out?
It doesn't matter. I'm just showing
splitting chicklets.
There they are. And I didn't
spit them. They were taken out by stick.
But anyway, we'll get there.
Just keep that mic in front of your mouth during this interview.
I certainly will.
I guess I'll start off with this interview. I certainly will. All right.
I certainly will.
I guess I'll start off with this question.
How did you get playing hockey over here in St. John's or on the island, I should say?
Because I don't know if you were jacking for it.
It'd be an absolutely fascinating story, and it is.
I'm going to bore you.
Probably not.
Dad, you know what before you start i
think you if he's asking we haven't even told him you're from grand falls okay four hours in tell
them how five guys off his bantam team yeah which is unbelievably rare in a small town yes went pro
joe burn the mill was abitibi price i'm going to start you off here because i know where you're
okay the mill was abitibi price it was a mill town it would be like timmons ontario mill it's a mill town isn't it timmons picture timmons grand
falls about 10 000 timmons got about 10 or 20 i think donnie lever was from south porcupine
up around timmons but similar in that yes well i grew up i grew up about uh three newfoundland
right in the middle of the province we We're called Central Newfoundland.
About 300 miles from here in a place called Grand Falls, the mill was the main employer.
It was called the AD Company or the Anglo Newfoundland Development Company.
It was owned by English, a firm, and it was ruled out of London.
You have to remember, Newfoundland didn't become a province
until 1949 so up till then we were colonialists people lived in newfoundland weren't canadians we
were british empire colonialists so we're growing up and they they helped set everything up like a mill would to make everyone happy. They build homes.
They built the rink in 1956.
And what people couldn't understand, and St. John's was always the city.
If we had 10,000, they had 65.
Now we got whatever, and they got a quarter of a million.
But they loved hockey so what the mill would do they would bring in six players pay them really well former nhlers we had nick mccoskey 10 years
in a six-team league a buck trainer boston bruins from charletown. So we always had good coaching.
One second.
Let me interject here for one second because you'll go on.
I was actually very interested on the history of.
I know, and I'm not going to cut him off, but I'm going to add to that.
So the thing is, guys, so when the mill, the boys in Grand Falls,
Grand Falls, first of all, was rated in McLean's magazine.
It's one of those towns, top ten, small towns.
It's like Pleasantville.
It's a lot of trees.
Top 20 of 20,000 or less in Canada.
Which is all subjective.
But it's just one of those towns.
So dad ends up playing.
Five guys.
So all that happened.
But Joe Burns.
So Grand Falls, again, they won the Allen Cup last year.
There's one of those senior hockey towns I was telling you about.
It's real big, real big into hockey.
So, again, the Allen Cup is a Canadian senior championship.
You know, it's a paid league out there.
They've got, you know, the budget for their senior team now, the Grand Falls Cataracts, still the Cataracts, is like half a million bucks.
Half a million.
It's still like rocking that town for hockey.
People away wouldn't understand.
half a million bucks half a million it's still like rocking that town people way wouldn't you wouldn't understand so so at the time joe burn took over and that's called the rink now is called
the joe burn uh the joe joe burn memorial arena so joe takes five of them off their bantam team
and they ended up going pro but you just go with that like and how you guys okay so we were going
along the the nhlers would run the program back theneewee was from 7 to 12 now it's like
novice none of that then so the the NHLers ran the program so we always had top-notch coaching
so our last for two years Bantam two years midget we didn't lose a game we won every championship
around but we had never been to what we call the mainland,
and Newfoundland is referred to the mainland,
which would have been Ontario.
Well, it was anywhere, but Ontario is where you were going.
The last game we play, we play the hometown Gander Flyers in Gander.
We beat them 11-1.
Bill Long, who coached the London Knights for about 20 years, is in the stands.
He comes right down to the dressing room.
We didn't know who Bill Long was.
And he said, I want all four of you to sign now to come to the Ottawa 67s.
In all honesty, I didn't know what the Ottawa 67s was.
I'd never been outside of Newfoundland.
We didn't know how good we were.
So my buddy, Donnie House, signs.
Terry French, signs.
Jim Munch, my other buddy, he goes to Laval because his mother's French.
He speaks French.
Quebec League.
I'm a little bit, because I'm an academic kid.
I'm coming out of high school with like a 90 average,
and I'm not going anywhere where there's no university.
I'm going nowhere unless they got a university.
So by then the word is out.
I'm getting applications from the Marlies,
actually got one from the University of Notre Dame, Lefty Smith,
and all the others.
Naga Falls are out, no university.
St. Catharines got Brock, too small.
Kitchener, Kitchener-Waterloo, okay, I listened to that one.
Hamilton Red Wings is intriguing.
They got McMaster.
Joe got a connection with the coach.
The other thing is, I don't want to go and get sent to a Tier 2.
I want to play right away
ottawa are stacked potvin merrick clement they got seven number x going to be future number ones
i'm not playing there so i check it out hamilton finished then there's only 10 teams. They finished 10th. Got a chance to play.
Got a university.
I go up.
Go through training camp.
First time out of Newfoundland.
And here was my first experience.
And I'll say this.
You got to be, I had a strong character.
Because I was only the fourth Newfoundlander to move away.
And I remember being in training camp.
And I remember his name was Ray Myers,
who went on to get a scholarship at Ohio State. And he looked at me. He was the big star on what
they call the mountain, Mount Hamilton Junior Bees. That was their farm club. And Ray looked
at me and he said, where are you from? I said, Newfoundland. Oh, he said, Newfoundland. I said, yeah, Newfoundland,
Grand Falls, Newfoundland. He didn't know where that was, nor did he care. And he started laughing.
I'll never forget that. He started laughing at me. All right. Couldn't intimidate me. Robinson,
Maloney, it didn't matter. You couldn't intimidate me i i'm not going to beat
you to death i'll get my six six point fights a year but i'll go in the corner i'm first on the
park all right we go through camp a few guys sort of like me freddie litson went on to be the st
louis scout freddie is geez eddie eddie bush is Six-team league Detroit. Big grizzled guy from Collingwood.
So Eddie takes a liking to me.
I make the team.
See you, Ray.
Anyway, Ray is gone.
I make the team.
But I'm a scorer.
I'm supposed to be a scorer.
Now, I show bits of it, and I know when I make the team.
We're playing the saint
catherine's blackhawks now they got dion l mcdonough mcdona marcel dion did a lot of yeah
marcel dion l mcdonough they had a good team but i remember taking the puck right behind the net i
went end to end and deke the goalie and scored i knew i made the team then i knew i made an
exhibition so i make it but up till Christmas, I got three goals.
Now they're thinking, ooh, did we make a mistake here?
Three goals.
I'm like, I'm sort of, well, I'm doubting myself.
I'm sort of wanting to come home.
But no, I'm halfway through university.
I don't want to give up that school because my dad was only a maitre d' in a small hotel.
We never had a car growing up.
I never lived in a house growing up.
I had an apartment.
We didn't have any money.
So you wanted the backup of the education.
Yes, I did.
That was the backup.
That was huge to you.
Well, it was being paid for.
Now you can go through, and if you don't get drafted, here's your four years university.
You can do it.
Not then.
If you didn't do it then that year, you didn't do it.
That was your year gone. Okay, all right. So I stuck it out, but now it. Not then. If you didn't do it then that year, you didn't do it. That was your year gone.
So I stuck it out.
But now it starts to click.
Now it starts to click.
That year, I think, Perot led the league with 44 goals.
I matched Perot the second half of the year.
54-game schedule my first year.
It went to 63.
I had three.
My last 20-odd games, I get 19 goals.
The last game of the season, we're playing Kitchener with Billy Barber
and Larry Robinson, Ronnie Murphy's coaching.
I get four.
I get my 20th, first, second, and third.
I'm rookie of the year.
Buster Harvey goes on, the first-round pick, North Stars,
and has a good NHL career.
Well, I got the team made.
Wow.
It was an achievement.
Believe me.
Right, because now you knew you were going to be coming back.
But I got my first year of university.
That's in the bank.
Boom.
I got that.
Oh, that's my first.
Right, but going back to the hockey side of it.
Yes, I'm going back.
You were no longer homesick because now you're proving yourself.
You're right.
And you were turning into, like, one of the guys.
And I was being looked upon.
Oh, so now you saw not only I got the school in the bank.
Yes.
I'm starting to dominate this league.
Yes.
Which I can at least finish my schooling here.
Yes, and they got shots.
Sittler, McLeish, they got a lot of good players there.
And the icing on the cake was you might actually fucking go pro.
I might.
But then you had to be 20, not 18 now.
You got to be 20.
So my second year, a bit of it, not really a drop-off.
I get 22 goals, but 61 points in 62 games.
Okay.
Now is my draft year coming up.
I know this is a big one.
Now, the year before, we had a decent team.
Ricky Kehoe went on to score 400, play with Lemieux.
Before we get into your last year, Junior,
going into what would be your draft year,
you're coming back in the summer, back to Newfoundland.
Yes.
Is your training regimen changing at all?
What was training back then like?
Back then, no one.
You played yourself in shape.
Now, I was never out of shape because I was an athlete i played baseball in the summer well i mean come on baseball ain't fucking keeping you
no but i was always in decent shape i ran i just i was just an athletic kind of i remember i remember
waking up to you dad used to run with the garbage bag on like old school you know yeah but that's
when i was pro yeah yeah but the one thing i did
do the one thing i did do my high school i went to a brother's high school called saint michael's
regional high i would bring a box of buckets up i got of hockey and i put them on a linoleum sheet
about five feet square and i'd i'd shoot them i'd line them up and I'd shoot them against the fence
a linoleum they come off like like like a hockey ice service right boom they're coming off so that's
that's helping my shot that's helping my shot and I do that for hours and that's all right now I'm
going back from my last year so this is my draft year and I remember I started off first game.
Boom, I got the hat.
Whoa, this is looking good.
Had a hatty first game.
I got the hat first game.
Now, like after about 12 games, I got 16 goals.
Now my name is going all the way around the league now.
This is the guy.
Oh, yeah, I'm getting watched now.
I was like, whoa, I came out of nowhere.
Not out of nowhere.
Because I could always, the one thing that I could do,
and in my last year, they had the ratings.
And Ganey was number one skater.
I was number two.
Bob Ganey?
Bob Ganey was at Peterborough.
Say the full names.
Yeah, you're right.
And don't name everybody, because some people nobody knows.
And you're right.
Bob Ganey, Marcel Dion, guys like that.
Bob Ganey, six Stanley Cups, and he could skate.
But I could.
It's not so much that Hickey was, Patty Hickey went on for 15 years in the NHL.
Hickey was my right winger.
Patty could out, like, faster, but I could slash.
I could really slash that way.
You were a little water bug out there.
You're a little honey badger. I was You were a little water bug out there. You're a little honey badger.
No, I was more than a little water bug because I could really pass,
but I could really slash.
I was talking about your skating.
Yeah, I was fast.
I was also really fast.
I was really fast.
So the year goes on, and you talk about things that can change your life.
I remember a professor, I'm doing my first year back then in Ontario, you had to do grade 13.
Now it's grade 12 plus 4.
The highest we had here in Newfoundland is grade 11, because we were under the British system,
but the grade 11 was supposed to be comparable to grade 12 Ontario.
Okay, it wasn't.
I get, they put me in grade 13,
Board of Education.
I got like, I don't know, 92 average down here.
And oh, hell, I'm no problem.
No, oh my God, 92, okay.
But math, I found the jump.
I was doing calculus
and we hadn't done integration or differentiation.
And I couldn't get the math. i'm like we're talking then there's only 10 teams but we go on the road we go peterborough ottawa montreal back three in the morning i got a class at eight and
i gotta go because this is being paid for and i know that i better go and I'm just gone. So this professor calls me aside and I'm sort of retro,
but how things can change your life in the way it worked in Ontario.
If you failed one down here,
if you're in university,
you could say,
well,
I passed four to five,
but I'm going to take that next year.
No,
I'll go on my second year university.
Not like it in Ontario.
If you didn't pass them all with a certain average, you don't go to Mac.
You go back to 13.
I was under great pressure.
I had a 28 average in math.
I was A in French, A in history, C in English, B in something else.
And I was going to every class class but i couldn't get it
and i remember i had doctor i remember which is fair because it's just like fuck it's all you
ain't trying like no no like this is why i help swing it i dr silverstein i never forget his name
he was a jewish professor the nicest man and he waited for everyone to leave. And he said, Terry, I need it because everything was waited.
I needed an 85 in June to get a 50.
Oh, God.
An 85.
I couldn't get it.
I went in.
I was nearly crying.
I said, sir, I'm quitting.
He said, Terry, you can't quit.
This is April.
He said, you're.
I said, sir, I don't miss any.
He said, Terry, I know you don't miss your first in front.
I said, sir, we didn't have this in Newfoundland.
I'm sorry.
I was nearly crying.
And he looked at me.
He said, I won't get in trouble now.
He's probably passed away because it's so long ago.
He said, I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do for you, Terry.
He said, I know you need a really high mark just to get a 50.
But if you can write 50 for me in your final, I'm going to give you 50.
The weight of my shoulders came off.
That year, as it turned out, we tied with Oshawa.
Oshawa got O'Reilly, Terry O'Reilly, Bob the Hound Kelly, Bobby Stewart.
Back then, there was only 10 teams.
We tied for, we'll say, eighth.
Well, what they did, they said, we can't give Oshawa the home ice.
We can't give Hamilton the home ice.
What are we going to do?
Now you're going to look into the economy.
Let's play Maple Leaf Gardens.
Okay.
We sell it out.
We sell it out.
I don't know where the money's going, but we sell it out.
And now they got no skin in it.
We're playing Oshawa.
2-2.
Then also, no sudden death overtime.
Ten minutes.
Ten minutes you played.
2-2.
Right off the bat.
Right off the hop.
Boom.
I score.
3-2.
Today we would have won it.
No.
4-2.
We go ahead again.
Five minutes.
Ten minutes of overtime regardless.
Ten minutes regardless.
No way.
No sudden death.
You can check this out.
So, 4-2. We think, wow, we're hanging.
We're going to win.
We're going to win.
All of a sudden, I could say O'Reilly scored or Bob the Hound.
I could make it up.
I don't.
But someone scored.
It's 4-3.
A minute and a half to go.
4-3.
We're going, oh, Jesus.
Oh, Jesus.
4-3.
A minute and one seconds left.
I can remember right now, 4-4. Oh, Jesus. 4-4. Minute and one seconds left. I can remember right now.
4-4.
Oh, Jesus.
4-4.
Now we're thinking double overtime.
Now the next one is sudden death.
Puck is dropped.
I can remember this because I was on the ice.
There was a guy Oshawa had called Machine Gun Tommy.
Of course.
Tommy Simpson.
Played for five years at St. Louis.
He could crank it tommy'd
go straight down and he had the warp and tommy could crank it we had mike visor in the nets
played 15 years the nhl with winnipeg and uh chicago unfortunately his backup was tony o
so he never got to play hardly and he was tony Zito. But Wormie called not too long ago.
He's running a rink in New Orleans.
He listens to the show.
So they're going down.
Machine gun Tommy gets.
He cuts down the right side.
You know, you played in Maple Leaf Gardens, I assume.
No.
Well, Maple Leaf Gardens, when I played, was sold out.
Montreal former sold out.
Perot, sold out.
This was sold out.
They always sold out for the Marlies.
You know where the red line comes across right through the crease machine gun is nearly on that he he cranks it he cranks it
just shooting it visor who catches with his left hand puts out his stick glove to stop it.
It's coming straight across.
It hit Visor's glove, hops up in the air, hits his neck,
bounces in the net 15 seconds ago.
We lose 5-4 right at the end of the game.
I'm crying because I don't know how to take it.
Ken Sobel, multimillionaire, owns every TV station.
C-H-C-H Hamilton.
He owned it then.
I don't know what he's doing now.
Walks right in the game, right across the dressing room and says,
Eddie, you're fucking fired.
I'm like, you're fucking fired.
Eddie.
And Eddie was my mentor.
He loved me.
Gave me the chance.
He gave me the chance.
For blowing the lead in OT.
Is that why they fired you?
Well, they had to fire.
You guys lose the game.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They fired him.
Yeah, he had to make the playoffs and he fired him.
Yes.
So the second year that then it's
grade 13 plus three not 12 plus four so i got grade 13 that's first year university anywhere
else my second year i no problem be average second year i get now i'm going into my third year
gets interesting here third year so i'm going through now i'm ripping i'm starting to rip it
up i'm about sixth in scoring now I'm talking about my draft year.
Hey, I'm trying to still figure out how did the grades and that tie in?
Well, because it's hard to do.
I kept the B average while playing 65 games, 63 games a year.
Was your goal when you left to get your degree or to make the NHL?
No, because I could have gone to Notre Dame.
I wanted to go out and play junior.
Right, but you bounced between the two stories.
I was just wondering if those two little stories, the grades and then the game not getting into playoffs.
Yes.
At the Maple Leaf Gardens.
Yes.
Did those have anything to do with each other?
Well, no, because I was still going to school.
He was digressing from another story.
So that was an R.L. Stine, choose your own ending.
So one thing we're going to make the
listeners aware of right now
is you are fucking
the inception of storytelling.
It's going to get
better. I've got some really good ones for you.
Terry Ryan Sr.
I'm going to give you a good one here.
Can Biz ask you the question he wants to ask you
before you answer it? Considering it's his program.
Question first, then the answer.
Terry Ryan Sr. has a lot of stories, and sometimes you tail off from the stories.
I do.
So I'm just going to try to make the listeners.
My mind is going in all directions.
Nonetheless, you had a lot of things on your plate, and that's what you were describing.
I did.
Okay, so let's go back to it now, into your draft year.
Okay, now I'm doing my second year, which is my second year, my first year McMaster,
but anywhere else, a second year university. Let's go right to your year mcmaster but anywhere else the second year
university let's go right to your draft no no because i got a couple interesting ones here
so i'm going through now i'm i'm you know now my draft year you've got you've got potvin merrick
billy shut gardner harris you got barber 14 there's only 16 teams in the NHL then. 14 of the top 16 are off in the OHA.
Quebec League, shit.
Western League and Afterthought.
All the OHA then.
So I'm going through, and all of a sudden I got 27 goals.
All of a sudden, I'm like, whatever.
All of a sudden, I've got 35 goals.
I'm fourth in the league in scoring.
We're in ninth place. Top 10 fourth in the league in scoring. We're in ninth place.
Top ten teams.
We're in ninth.
Shot Gardner Harris, number one, number four, number seven.
Same line.
Top line in Canada.
Frank Bonello, who went on to head central scouting,
is the coach and GM at Marley's.
Nick Durbano, Steve Dur turbano's father from toronto
owns the hamilton red wings now if you were in university or in school they couldn't trade you
unless they wanted your permission if you a lot of the guys like keo nem had jobs you're gone you're
gone there's no i was doing my second year McMaster.
And Nick called me aside.
But Nick was always good to me.
And he said, Noof.
He said, I know you may say no.
But the Marlies who are having a run for the Memorial Cup.
And I flew in the gardens.
I flew because I could skate.
They're just trying to make a deal.
Three 17-year year olds for you
but he said if you go you're going to lose your university this is the truth but he said you're
going to go deeper in the draft and you're going to go higher in the draft because he said there's
going to be more scouts he said the marlies are going high and i remember saying to nick i thought about it and i said nah nick i don't want to give
up my and he said you're right he said no if it's up to you and i didn't go and the marlies that
year had no guts and they got beaten by a peterborough pete team coached by roger nielsen
the only two guys they had who ran them through the living fucking glass were Bob Neely, who got traded from us halfway through to Peterborough, went 10th that year, and Bob Ganey, who went 8th.
They ran the living shit out of the Marlies.
That's all they had.
They went on to the Memorial Cup, lost 2-1 to Cornwall, Brodeur against Visor.
Now, I've got McMaster.
I got three years university.
I don't need one more.
Now here's what I went through at my draft.
Here's how it went.
No one went to the draft.
It's conducted at the Queen Elizabeth Hotel.
No one gives a shit.
I get a phone call.
I'm drafted by the Minnesota North Stars.
I'm going to go back one little bit
beester because this is important oh yeah i have a new i get wait a time i have a new
it's i get called in harry neal's my coach we're going to go in and watch peterborough and
marley seventh game oha final on the way through ge through, George Armstrong and Johnny Bauer come over.
This is the fucking truth.
Harry says, Harry knows them all,
because Harry won with St. Mike's College.
Keon's his best buddy, pulled for it all.
He knows them all.
He says, Terry, Johnny Bauer wants to say something to you.
The legendary goalie, you mean?
The legendary goalie who just died, the nicest man.
He wouldn't say shit if he had a mouthful and he looked at me and he said terry we played in a hole
the hamilton red wing burton street burn they call it was a fucking dive used to be an nhl
franchise in the 20s it was a fucking dive so he said said, Terry, I spent more fucking time, for Bauer to say that,
watching you this year and that little fucking hole of yours.
My philosophy is you got away from the checks in that little arena,
you'll get away from the checks in the gardens.
And I flew in the gardens.
He said, you're my number one pick.
They're picking 10th.
You're my number one pick. But he said 10th. You're my number one pick.
But he said, you know how it works.
There's a selection of scouts.
No Europeans in.
No Europeans in the draft.
He said, it's got to get through the other scout.
Bob Davidson, you check it out, is the head scout.
But he said, you're my number one pick.
I said, wow.
So you're thinking I'm going 10th overall.
Yeah, well, just listen to this.
I don't go.
I don't go to that deal.
They pick up a pretty good guy, played 10 years
in the NHL. At that time,
not as good as me.
30 goals,
70 points. I end up with 47.
Now, you nearly
broke Henderson's record.
Three games of the year, they got Paul Henderson getting ready to present me with the puck,
breaking his record.
49 goals with the Hamilton Red Wing record.
I've got 47 with my last three games at home.
It's a, this is money in the bank.
Henderson comes in from Toronto with the puck.
I don't, I get about eight assists post crossbars don't get
it that's okay he didn't break his record never broke the record 47 i'd second then dale mccourt
broke uh he got how disappointed were you how disappointed but i was looking more forward to
the draft and when he told me 10 the guy they did pick up they made the trade
it was a good trade for them his name is george ferguson went on to play for the leafs and the
pittsburgh penguins and had about 10 years but he was tough couldn't skate like me couldn't score
like me but he was rugged this was the days of the philadelphia flyers when the puck was dropped you got a two-hander
they chose ferguson anyway they passed on me three fucking times i was so disappointed
44th i went i went in thinking i'm going 10th here's what i get teddy o'connor head scout i
know teddy that fucking teddy i get the phone call cherry well you know yes yes sir you know Teddy O'Connor, their head scout. I know Teddy. That fucking Teddy.
I get the phone call.
Terry, well, you know, yes, yes, sir.
You know that you've been drafted by the Minnesota North Stars.
It's an honor.
Yes, sir, yes, sir.
Here's what he said.
This is the truth.
We're going to fly you to Toronto tomorrow.
We're going to sign you for five grand, and don't bring a lawyer.
They were his exact words. Fighting Saints. Don't bring a lawyer. They were his exact words.
Fighting Saints.
Don't bring a lawyer.
Fighting Saints.
Now, wait, wait, wait.
The Fighting Saints is in the WHA just came in, okay?
The rivalry.
You're negotiating with me.
So he gets drafted.
What number in the WHA?
Second round WHA.
Okay, yeah. Wow.
So this is a weird year.
So there was a split off.
Yeah.
Yes.
Okay.
Yes.
So now kind of like.
This helped all these guys that came after us.
We're the guinea pigs.
The standard.
Here's the standard.
Right.
But nonetheless, so you went second round in the WHA draft.
Yes.
And you went fourth round in the NHL.
No.
Minnesota North Stars didn't have a second pick.
I went third round, but I was their second pick.
Okay.
Third round.
So third round. 44th. second pick okay third round 44th
all right fourth 16 teams in the nhl so they've been talking to me standard in the nhl standard
unless you went in the top three lefleur went the year before dion went number two lefleur
signed for 60 harris signed for 100. First guy. Went number one.
Played about 10 years with the Kings.
Uneventful.
The best pick in that draft was Donnie Lever at Anargo Falls.
They finished 10th.
I knew Lever pretty well.
Wait, wait, wait.
What do you mean?
In Le Fleur?
Le Fleur?
No, Le Fleur went the year before.
Okay.
I thought you put Lever ahead of Fleur.
Le Fleur went number two.
My bad.
No, number one was Harris.
Number two was Jacques Richard from Le Fleur's.
Stan story.
Number three was Lever.
He was the best pick.
Shutt went five, Stanley Cops.
LeBrock went six, Stanley Cops.
Donnie Lever was the best player.
But listen, one thing.
You were talking about being offered five grand, don't bring a lawyer.
No, back then, it was standard unless you went in the top three or four.
You read the book, The Great Defender, Larry Robinson.
Signed, 16th overall, 8,000.
Daryl Sittler, 8th overall, 8,000.
Standard, first round, 10,000.
Second, 7,500.
Third, 5,000.
Fourth, 2,500. Fifth round,,000. Fourth, 2,500.
Fifth round, go fuck yourself.
We'll see you in camp.
Go fuck yourself.
We'll see you in camp.
Nothing.
Nothing.
So now I'm being offered.
Feaster, I'm being offered.
I will say one thing.
I will say one thing.
When I start to lose you a little bit,
and I don't know where the fuck is this guy going,
you will say something funny.
No. Now, this is the truth. fuck is this guy going? You will say something funny. No.
Now, this is the truth.
The many sort of fighting saints have offered me.
I got Davey Keon's lawyer.
Jimmy Harrison's lawyer.
Keon's probably the greatest leaf ever.
36th floor, Toronto Dominion Center.
It's still there today.
They said, Terry, Jim Stevens, they've offered you 15 to sign,
new car every year, Dodge Charger, all your university paid for,
all your lawyer's fees paid for.
That's fact.
I thought about it.
I worked out a deal.
So he phoned Sonmore in Minnesota.
So to wrap that all up, Minnesota North Stars, where you're drafted in the third round of the NHL.
Yes.
They're offering you 5,000.
Flying you to Toronto tomorrow.
Flying to Toronto.
Don't bring your lawyer.
Don't bring your lawyer.
Because we're really fair to our.
Not a great deal.
No.
Now the WHA.
Yeah.
They're coming in.
Big juicy package here.
You said 16,000 bonus.
Yes.
New car.
Rest of your university paid
for all lawyers paid for everything far better dear steel so which one do you take i think about
it listen to this one it gets better because i don't give a fuck type of kid i am we're up there
everything's plus you're sinking down 10 feet and you're in your to your knees when you're walking
on the cush carpet dude big time so jim comes in and i said jim i can't sign son where's in the other room
the only way i can get my degree now i can't go to winter i got to go back to summer schools
that's all right i don't mind it because i loved hamilton i loved ontario i loved mcmaster
i said i don't see why I'm going to sign.
I think I should have pocket money.
And Jim looked at me and said, Terry, you're absolutely fucking right.
He goes in.
I can hear him arguing.
Well, I don't know about that.
I got to tell my owners back in Minnesota.
I said, Jim, I'm not signing, and I wasn't going to.
Meanwhile, the week before, they had wined and dined me for a week
in minnesota herbie brooks herbie oh yeah mad herbie university of minnesota kill a brood a
whole shot wind and dine penthouse now i'm saying no that's all right that's all right he goes back
in and jim comes out smiling he said terry as a matter of fact, now you're going to laugh at the pocket money and say, this is shit.
It was big money at the time.
Bonuses, 1,000 bonuses, big money.
You're going to laugh.
It was big money.
He said, Terry, not only are they going to pay your last two.
I was in the marriage residence because I got married, my wife.
So they flew Gail and I up there paid for all the fucking paid for every
meals.
All he said,
I got you 65 a week pocket money.
That's huge.
65 is huge.
And he laughs.
He says,
okay,
Terry,
we're going to sign.
We go down,
we got an exhibition game in Minnesota,
Duluth.
We come out Lenny Vanelli,
who's gets part 10 cents in every cigarette imported into the Minneapolis-St. Paul area,
you know, probably hooked up or something.
We come out, we open the doors, Bobby McMillan's from me, same lawyer, first-round pick Rangers.
I go 15, 15, 15, average salary in the NHL is 12.
I go 15, 15 average salary in the NHL is 12 I go 15 15 15 the other thing one way no cut no trade
Terry your money's in escrow I was not paid by Minnesota Fighting Saints because everyone said
it's going to go under in a week my money was put in escrow in First National Bank of St. Paul. So Jim Sater, you got your money. We go open the doors. There's a 60, 72 charger,
black roof, yellow with black interior. And Bobby's got blue with the white drive them home.
New cars. We drove, we drove that anyway. So who just. I signed. I signed with the WHA.
But didn't have a happy ending here, Beast.
First year, I get there.
I'm under the impression Harry's going to be coach.
Because I'm Harry's boy and junior.
You've got to understand it.
You play to your constituency.
Boston, how many Canadians did they have on that
team three you know how many st louis had 17 you know how many dallas had 19 because i know this i
go out of my way to check things out but you're saying minnesota at the time boston will still
boston college boston you they love you play Play to your constituency. Minnesota, University of Minnesota.
Eight are U.S. Olympians.
Now, they would have been in the NHL today.
Eight.
The coach coach at University of Minnesota.
I say, Harry, what the fuck's going on?
I'm the fourth center.
Now, first center, Jimmy Johnson.
Okay.
Three years in a row, 25 goals, Philadelphia Flyers.
That's legit. Teddy Hampson, 15 years in a row, 25 goals, Philadelphia Flyers. That's legit.
Teddy Hampson, 15 years in the NHL.
That's legit.
Bob McMillan went on to win the Lady Bing.
You know, I had a good career.
But I said, I don't fucking way I'm not going to play in front of a number one pick.
So I'm not happy.
I'm collecting my money, and I'm fourth. I score my first goal against the Quebec Nordique, who got J.C. Tromley, got a good team,
and I'm fucking not happy.
We go through.
I'm basically fourth centerman.
I'm not getting much.
I remember being in a bar in Philadelphia.
All the Flyers were there, Doug Favell, Bob the Hound Kelly.
We all knew one another.
So I'm sitting at a bar with Bobby McMillan, and he said,
Newf, because he played for St. Catharines, right?
Maybe five Atlantic Canadians played in the OHA then, not hardly any.
He said, Newf, I can't believe it.
I said, what, Bobby?
He said, you got more goals than I did.
And I did.
I had 10 at the time.
He had nine.
He said, I've gotten at least three times more ice time than you.
And I said, fuck, Bobby.
I could always fucking score. You know that. And he said, yeah've gotten at least three times more ice time than you. And I said, fuck, Bobby. I could always fucking score.
You know that.
And he said, yeah, you're right.
At the end of the year, I get 13 goals.
He gets 13.
But listen to what happens.
We go into Quebec City.
Huffer Puffer, Huffer Christensen, captain, U.S. Olympic team.
Mike.
Appendicitis.
Sanmore calls me up to the suite in the Chateau Frontenac.S. Olympic team. Mike. Appendicitis. Sanwar calls me up to the suite in the Chateau Frontenac.
Terry, we're going to tear up your contract.
We know you can't get any of your bonuses, okay?
And he said, we're going to write in bonuses for all shorthand goals.
1,000 is shorthanded goal, and that was big money.
Now I'm telling you.
Okay.
I go out that night.
Bang, bang, set a record.
17 seconds, I got two goals in Quebec Nordique.
17 seconds, bang, bang.
Shorthanded?
Shorthanded.
Bang, bang.
No, not shorthanded.
That's a lie.
One of them was.
One was, and the other one was behind that anyway,
but I could score.
Good hands.
Okay, they rip up my contract i
play 15 fucking games regularly i get seven goals six assists huffer puffer comes back sorry terry
back i'm like this end of the year i got 13 goals second most first centermen. Teddy Hampson, I think, had 21.
Bobby Meck had 13.
13.
Six are shorthanded.
Four game winners.
We went on a West Coast swing.
Two in L.A.
Because we'd always play two in L.A.
We were well ahead of the curve for the NHL.
We went to L.A. for like a week.
We'd rent a car, go up in the Hollywood Hills, go over and see the  oh, yeah.
You're well ahead.
So, boom.
Winnipeg, four shorthanders, three game winners.
Now, tell this
At the end of the year, it ends.
Okay, no sweat.
I go back, got a great frame of mind.
Now, at the end of the year
No, but just wait.
They end up paying you the bonuses.
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
And wait, before you go any further
No, wait, no, Terry.
I got enough skin.
You got an omni beast.
At the time, the Canadian dollar, you can check it out, was worth more.
And I looked at it, and I got 15,000.
And I phoned Jim.
I said, Jim, I didn't sign for 15,000 minus 1,400.
I did.
I phoned the fucking owners.
And they said, you're right i got 16.5 because
i said man i signed for 15 000 not like this i ended up getting it but the second year i go back
listen wait wait because you gotta let me interject that year those shorthanded goals so he ends up
with six and hold they're all in the league. It set the record.
It set the record.
Now, this is actually a good thing maybe for your listeners,
because I can't find the answer.
So I got the hockey guide and record book as of 1977.
Yes.
And you had the record for five years.
Six is a lot.
Yeah, but like, yes, Wayne Gretzky, the Oilers came in in 78.
Gretzky was in the WHA.
A lot of people don't realize.
So I'm wondering, you know, and Gordie Howe ended up playing.
There's a lot of great players.
Paul Sanderson, Laquan.
But I'm just wondering, because I don't know about 78, 79, 79, 80.
If no one had seven goals, the league went under.
So you probably have the record for the WHA.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Seven shorties is what he
finished with uh six shorties four game winners but i think someone had more but they didn't as
of 77 i go back for my second year thinking i'm on one way no cut no trade
cap towers we stayed i'd had the golf tournament you know my shaky walton
shits in the golf cup, but that's okay.
I'll tell you that story.
I get called up.
Glenn Son, we're sitting there.
University of Minnesota, of course.
When you say get called up, where?
Cap Towers, to the suite.
Is this the Minnesota North Stars or Fighting Saints?
Fighting Saints.
No, I made a mistake.
North Stars tried to buy up my contract, get me back.
I said no.
Chief, senior, try to do a better job
of explaining the stories like people
have no fucking idea that's happened
they do yeah you're talking as if they're
in your brain yeah
what second year
I get called up and
and Samwer looks at me he gets called up to the
office to the office and Samwer says
I thought you meant you get called up from the minors.
No, he gets called up.
He says.
You're going up in an elevator, you mean.
Up means like actual movement upwards.
No, I get called up to the office.
He says, Terry, we want to send you down.
I nearly come over to the fucking desk.
I said, send me down.
I said, Jesus.
I said, Glenn, you haven't given me a fucking chance since I got here.
I said, I scored 13, six shorthanders.
What do they do in the offseason?
They sign Mike Shakey Walton, who's a centerman.
Mike won't sign unless his brother Robbie, who's a centerman,
who's playing out in Portland in the Western Pro League, unless he signs.
Now they've got eight centermen.
And Terry, we've got to send you down.
Me down.
So I pleasantly looked at him and said,
Glenn, go fuck yourself.
Didn't help me.
Well, he said, I said, I'll stick around here
and collect my fucking money.
He said, you can do it.
You can do it, Terry.
You got your money in escrow.
I said, I'm going to.
I said, this is on fucking real, Glenn.
I got so fucking angry.
I said, I got through.
I got much. I said, I scored on fucking real, Glenn. I got so fucking angry. I said, I got as much.
I said, I scored as much as Bobby Mack.
Anyway, if I don't go down, my career is over.
So I'm thinking about it.
Larry Kish, who went on to coach for the Hartford Whalers,
Larry's coaching in Tampa St. Pete's.
It gets better now.
What league is that?
It's in.
They set up what they call a Southern League.
I end up, I don't want to go down.
Fuck off, man.
Wait, first of all, what league is the Tampa St. Pete's team in? Well, it's called a Southern League.
Southern Hockey League.
And they set it up for all WHA farm clubs because the American League won't touch any WHA players.
Okay.
So, you know, Philadelphia, you got a farm.
Anyway, I'm, Tampa st pete's or chicago
minnesota new england so i'm not so much larry's begging me to come down because i'm going to be
on the one-way ticket even per diem i get there i get resented because the guys down there making
150 a fucking week and i'm on the big time ticket and they're getting uh 75 cents a day for hamburger meat. And I'm getting the big fucking per diem.
Anyway, so Larry says, Terry, come down.
I go down there.
Got me an apartment on the beach.
Not so bad.
Got to give me a new car.
It's part of the contract.
I get my new car.
Terry, got your one-way contract.
You got your money.
And I'm thinking, I got three things i can do
every day i can come out of practice and either go to the beach go to disney world an hour and a
half away or go deep sea fishing so i'm thinking it it's not that bad it's not that bad so i go down rip it up of course rip it up so points oh jesus i don't
well i'll fucking tell you it's on it's on here you played for the suncoast sons yeah look out
how i bet you i had uh over a point a game for sure yeah how many games first of all keep that
fucking mouth yeah how many games by the mic how many games 29 games
how many points i'm i'm gonna read it all right okay 29 games 17 goals 21 assists for 38 there
you go so i'm ripping it off 21 goals in 17 games so i'm right now there's two wha teams coming in
i'm thinking of Cincinnati and Phoenix.
If there ever was a mistake I made,
the North Stars call me halfway through.
They want to...
Fighting Saints don't want my contract.
North Stars
are going to buy it out.
Ren Blair says, Terry,
Fighting Saints
gave us permission to talk to you. We're going to buy your contract.
I'm thinking there's two teams coming in, right? I'm ripping them apart. Fighting Saints gave us permission to talk to you. We're going to buy your contract.
I'm thinking there's two teams coming in, right?
I'm ripping it apart.
Into the WHA. He said, we got a spot for you right now in Phoenix.
Right now.
Centerman, right now.
I said, no.
Might have been a mistake.
Might not.
But why did you say no?
Because I'm ripping it apart, and there's two new WHA teams coming in.
So, indeed, I go.
I rip it.
You can look it up.
Over a point a game.
I get hurt.
Winston-Salem, which is Edmonton's farm club, while Bill Hunter.
Yahoo!
Total nut.
Anyway, he comes down to give the big, and I'm on loan there from fucking Minnesota,
while Bill is saying how lucky they are to be on Winston, and everyone on teams from the West.
And so, you know, I'm saying, you know, basically, fuck off.
I don't care.
I don't.
Finish out the year.
Look it up.
65 points have maybe, always had over a point against the Miners.
So, indeed, Phoenix and Cincinnati come in.
I get drafted by Phoenix.
The problem is they keep all the team they had the year before.
I'm out in the cold.
Now, guess who owns my rights?
The Minnesota North Stars.
Where do I have to go back to training camp?
The Minnesota North Stars.
I know fucking well they're not going to embrace me.
I said, okay, my career's career's over i go and so help me
i have it they all knew who i was because i played in saint paul they come over to watch
jp pre jp preese comes over talking maniago bill goldsworthy okay oh whatever so
i have a really good, really good training camp.
I'll tell you who I outplayed really badly.
Freddie Stanfield, who had come off a Boston Bruin Stanley Cup,
took every face off.
He couldn't skate from A to B, but he had a great shot.
I outplayed him really badly.
But I knew I wasn't going to make the team
because they were going to fuck me, say, hey, you did this.
So go to minors.
Okay.
I go down.
101 points.
Where did you go down to?
Kalamazoo?
We went down to Kalamazoo.
No, they put, first of all, it was Lansing was their farm club.
But they were going nowhere, and they traded me to Kalamazoo.
And so 101 points.
Fifth in scoring.
Four guys in front of me.
Straight to the NHL.
Terry Ryan, new.
Invite, invitation back to camp.
Okay.
I go back to camp.
Jackie Gordon is here by now, who's a total fucking, Jackie, if you're listening, moron.
Jackie Gordon is known for the trade of Cam Neely for Barry Pedersen.
Now, you figure it out.
He made the trade.
Second camp, I get hurt.
I get bruised, shoulder ligaments.
Don't have a great camp.
I can't.
I'm hurt.
Jackie called.
I never forget.
We're at the old Met.
It's not there anymore.
The Met was straight across from where the Twins played.
And he calls me, and we're only two in the Met.
And he says, Terry, we've got 36 guys under contract,
and we want to send you back.
And I looked at him and said, Jackie,
do you want me to get 200 points?
Is that what you want me to do?
Well, no, Terry.
I said, Jackie, give me my skates, and I'm going home.
And I was going home.
I only had half a term left for my BED teaching degree.
Came home, got my teaching degree, but Kalamazoo ended up in last place.
So who calls me?
Well, Terry, well, you know, this Ted Lindsey is calling here.
Oh, yeah, hi, Michelle.
Ted fucking Lindsey.
Ted Lindsey.
I forgot that part of the story.
No, Teddy Lindsey.
Teddy says, well, he says, Terry, what would it take to get you back here?
Right now, I got leverage, and I got all the fucking cards,
and I don't give a fuck because I can make a good dollar teaching,
but I want to play hockey.
Oh, well, kid, we're going to.
Well, I said, Mr. Lindsey, you know, I just got my second degree.
Okay, well, kid, what's it going to take?
The average, Mike Federico was a fourth- fourth round pick and i know because he came out three
years after me play for the hamilton red wings fourth round pick making 250 bucks that's what
rookies made 250 bucks from the flint generals got traded kalamazoo 250 fucking dollars so
we're just talking and and fides is real good guy guy. So I say, well, sir, he said, I'll tell you what we're going to give you.
Now, you're going to laugh, but this was really.
The average salary then, because WHA was going to go,
I'll say it went to 25.
He said.
Went to what?
25, probably the average.
So WHA was going to go.
Like Sam Makeda said, I got up every morning and bowed three times to the west because the minute bobby or hold assigned his
salary tripled so he said we're going to give you a car i said oh it's nice yeah and he said we're
going to give you a uh a uh a cabin on the gold coast where all the millionaires live. We're going to pay for it.
We're going to pay for all your groceries.
And this is when, so help me, third round pick was getting 3,000.
We're giving you a 3,000 signing bonus.
But he said, Jesus Christ, Terry, if you tell anyone, I'm going to have a revolt.
Because they've got guys in the team seven, eight years making 400 fucking dollars,
which you can go fuck yourself.
I ain't playing for it.
Are you home teaching at this point?
So just I go up.
Lemieux calls me in a room.
Terry, call in.
Take so 3,100 bills.
3,000.
Thank you, Bob.
Keys your car.
The trainer, he'll drive you out to your house.
You'll know straight out.
You'll learn how to get there.
So all year, seven and a half a week
seven and a half a week is 20 000 a year the cap is 20 000 i'm at the cap seven and a half thousand
a year seven and a half uh a year doesn't sound like much it was big it was big then let's go
back to the numbers i know you said you said a million fucking numbers in the last two minutes
you're all over the fucking place that No, that makes sense what I said.
You were here basically teaching them, right?
You said 20,000 that year.
Yes.
You were getting paid 750 a week.
A week.
3,000 signing bonus.
3,000.
New car.
Paid for all my groceries and paid for my house.
All right.
Listen, when I hop in, it's because i know so that
your fucking story put people's heads in scrambled eggs well that's and then i just dial it but the
thing is if the team don't look at me like i'm a fucking idiot when i do it no because you're
the fucking no but the thing is the thing is if the team finds out as you well know it's going to
create a huge no shit and i'm not going to say anything.
So now, OK, you might say, not only do I go check it out.
Twenty seven games, 41 points.
I always perform in the playoffs.
I always perform.
I liked it so much.
University of Western Michigan Jeter, West Kalamazoo.
I went back there.
They say, Terry, we can't pay you seven and a half.
So I thought about it, and I loved the place so much.
By then I had two degrees.
I said, okay, Bob, I'll tell you what I'll do.
I'm not playing for 400.
Just fucking tell us what you signed for.
For fuck's sake.
600 bucks a week.
600 bucks a week, which was good dough at the time.
So I get the 600.
All that for that.
I go back.
That was very anticlimactic.
But you went back. I played my second year.
And then All-Star.
Could have kept playing.
Could have played 10 years here, I'd say.
But I didn't want to.
I didn't want to ride the buses.
I had a BABED.
I said, fuck it.
I came home.
Landed a job as a French teacher. my 30 years got my pension and enjoyed every minute of it but basically that was it
i wasn't going to pay i wasn't going to play for 500 fucking bucks a week number one and that was
good dough i'm saying fuck off i'll go home'd go home, make 1,000 a week.
You know what's incredible, Biz?
You literally asked him one question an hour and a half ago.
And I'm assuming that he took us through your entire career.
No one asked you any of those questions.
You started in Grand Falls in 1952.
But what a beautiful thing.
We interjected a couple of times, but there was no actual question there.
You know what Joe Walsh says?
I got a limo, does 185.
Same thing.
I lost my license, now I can't drive.
That's the way it goes.
It's like a wall of illusion.
Living a wall of illusion.
So then you were done
playing hockey now here's one question let's try to do a little bit of back and forth a little back
and forth not the whole fucking me ask something and then you go on a plan no and loved it
loved the friends got friends to this day um you came back here you had your family
what was it as far as the the maybe the coaching and the training your
kids and getting involved no i played senior hockey i played senior hockey uh back here for
about another four years and a lot of people don't realize that i try to explain it like
newfoundland has a league that's very much professional it pays like dad was you know
even back then um guys are making 1500 a week500 a week. NHLers would come in and play.
They still do.
Like, Aaron Ashton played in Gander two years ago.
They've played senior hockey.
That's how much they loved it.
They're selling out every rink.
Like, the Grand Falls Cataracts is their name that I come from.
Their budget this year is half a million dollars.
They have 1,000 season ticket holders.
They go inside Ontario anywhere. They'll go anywhere. And have 1,000 season ticket holders. They go inside Ontario anywhere.
They'll go anywhere.
And like Nick McCoskey.
One sec, Dad.
Wait, one sec.
Many people in the 80s and 90s
came here instead of the East Coast League
because they made as much money.
Mario Roberge was one.
Mario Roberge played in 91-92 in Port-au-Basque,
and then he played in St. John's the next year.
The year after that,
he played for the Montreal Canadiens.
Bill McDougall played for the Cornerbrook Royals.
The next season, he set the record in the AHL.
It's still a record.
16 playoff games, 52 points.
People would often come in and out of Newfoundland.
Luke Adam, I had on my show, third man in the other day.
Luke Adam's father, Russ, played for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
He was offered to go overseas.
No, he came to St. John's.
They gave him more money.
Bill Riley.
I can go down the list over the years.
There's always a lot of professional players.
27 goals, Washington.
So senior hockey.
My left winger, 27 goals for the worst team in hockey,
went from here and scored 27 for the Washington fucking Capitals.
And people from away wouldn't believe.
I tell the guys, I said, boys, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can get you.
I said, I can can't. I said I can because I know what they'll pay. That's going to wrap it up.
Terry Ryan Sr., thank you very much for bringing us to your career.
Appreciate it.
My job was easy today.
I showed up and asked a question.
One.
And we got an hour and a half podcast.
Do you think that's a problem?
Oh, I thoroughly enjoyed myself, and I vented things I had in for the last 40 years.
I vented them.
I think you named every person who played hockey.
Whoever existed.
From the year of 56 to 90.
And loved it.
From Elvis to Dennis Potvin.
We never told you Elvis.
He met Elvis.
We're not getting into it.
Don't even get into that too much.
And Chairman Little Boy.
That'll be number one.
Don't get into that.
Maybe next summer.
Maybe he'll be a recurring guest.
Thank you for joining us.
Been a pleasure, as I always said.
That interview was also brought to you by Quip.
We're not the first to say it.
Sometimes we need a vacation from our vacation,
especially if we've got kids.
Delayed flights, hotel snafus, chatty travel companions.
Get away for two minutes twice a day with Quip.
It's not what you think it is, but their wireless technology,
electric toothbrush is lightweight and compact,
and it gets the job done in a pinch for sure.
So it packs away easily in your tote or carry-on
when you overstuff your luggage.
Happens to all of us.
Plus, the time sonic vibrations give you a meditative break
from that jam-packed itinerary,
even if it's just between moving from the hammock to the pool chair, or if you're in Hawaii on the lanai.
When it's finally time to go home, keep staycationing with a fresh and simple health routine.
Everybody knows about Quip.
They got the sensitive sonic vibrations for an effective clean that's gentle on your sensitive gums because people brush too hard, and some electric toothbrushes are way too abrasive. It's got the two-minute timer. It pulses every 30 seconds. Boom, switch it up.
Boom, switch it up. Why? Because up to 90 of us don't do a full brush for two minutes or don't
clean evenly. That doesn't happen quick. All right, brush heads are automatically delivered on a
dentist-recommended schedule every three months for just 5, a friendly reminder when it's time for a refresh and stay committed to your oral health. You said oral. Why? Because 75
of us use old one-off bristles that are ineffective that we got on the cuff from our dentist. That's
why. Tightwads like me equip as one of the first electric toothbrushes accepted by the ADA.
They're backed by over 25,000 dental professionals,
and they have thousands of verified five-star reviews from weirdos on the internet.
Plus, kids brush.
Kids, you got to take care of them
because you're going to pay thousands out the wazoo
for the orthodontia.
The new brush is the same as our original version,
just tweaked down for size down most.
Kids are inspired to brush better and more often
with oral care that looks and feels like the products
the adults in their life use.
I can attest to that.
That's why I still wear certain deodorants.
My father were in the sixties and they're proud to use Quip,
help them develop a grownup routine without childish gimmicks.
I love Quip because of little pulses in my face that tell me to turn it to
the other side.
Cause I'm super forgetful.
I love Quip and I'm taking you there too.
Quip starts at just 25.
And if you go to getquip.com slash chip,
that's right now, you can
get your first refill pack for free.
That's your first refill pack
for free at
getquip.com slash
chicklets.
Well, there you go, folks.
The amazing Terry Ryan and that wraps
up our, I mean, we said Newfoundland
week or
understand Newfoundland. Let me
say it correctly.
What's that?
They're going to be all over you. You don't say it.
Newfoundland, understand.
I just want to thank everyone
that we met on that trip. It was a blast
filming all that content. I want
to thank the Ryan boys for showing me around
and as well doing the interviews.
Very interesting people. I hope you guys enjoyed all the content that to thank the Ryan boys for showing me around and as well doing the interviews uh very interesting
people I hope you guys enjoyed all the content uh that we rolled out uh I mean Terry Ryan uh had
some great stories that we ended up posting to the the Spittin' Chicklets YouTube channel so make
sure you check that out if you haven't seen my Newfoundland extravaganza uh I I hope that you
go check it out it's not for everyone some people didn't like it. Some people were vocal on Twitter about it,
but go fuck yourselves.
I don't care.
All righty then.
We got a story that's just kind of right up our alley, I suppose.
Back in May, there was a video of Washington Capitol,
Evgeny Kuznetsov in a hotel room with some women
and some white powdery substances on the table,
but we're a players podcast,
so we didn't really want to blow it up just in case, you know, whatever,
looking out for the guy.
Well, once the IIHF suspends your four games for testing positive for wolf,
then it's fair game to talk about here on Spitting Chicklets.
And it turns out he did.
He tested positive for cocaine during the, what was it,
the World Championships back in May.
So he cannot play in the 2022 Olympics should the league decide to participate in those games.
But he would be able to play in a World Cup because the IIHF has no, they don't oversee that at all.
Like I said, the video was leaked in May.
Kuzi said it was after the Cup win.
Of course, the Caps had won the Cup.
So the team sort of shrugged their shoulders, okay.
But the NHL and the caps further
examined it and they determined that the video was taken during the caps road trip there this
past december uh aka the vegas flu uh vegas did win that game five to three so vegas flu was in
effect our boy schmitty got the game whether in the empty meta for the puck line cover that
secondary story but what i thought was very interesting, Paul, was the IIHF
views cocaine as a performance
enhancing drugs, and they have
harsh punishment, but the NHL, however,
does not view cocaine as a
performance enhancing drugs. Rather,
they consider it a drug of abuse.
So that's why you don't get in trouble for it.
All I'm asking is, is anybody on the
NHL executive board ever fucked on coke?
I mean... That'll get Billy Garin on.
You can't even get it up on Coke.
Shitty Cindy.
No, I mean, of course.
What kind of enhancement am I getting?
The fact that I could fold it into a vagina because it's like a piece of bubble gum at that point?
Well, you got to straddle that line if you have too much of a drink or one or the other.
No, all joking aside, though, it's an amphetamine.
Of course, it's a fucking performance enhancing
device. If you were going to third period
dog tired and did a rip before
it started, you would most
certainly have more energy out there.
I need you to weigh in here. I kind of disagree.
I get what he's saying on a
body. You'd be chewing your mouth guard
off your teeth.
I mean, I don't think it would help you necessarily.
Maybe  I think in fighting it would.
I think when they talked about Probert,
like it was how it was scary when he would do that in the middle of a game.
I don't know about like running the half wall on a bag of blow
is like a huge help.
I can't see that happening.
Yeah.
I mean, what about Adderall? Would you consider Adderall
a performance enhancer?
I consider Adderall a performance enhancer
in golf, for sure.
A lot of baseball players
use it.
Yeah, you're right.
The only thing is, are you
dehydrated on Adderall? That can't be great.
You don't eat enough.
Yeah, but
when I think of golf, I think of golf right away.
I think of all those guys on tour ripping Adderalls.
Do they really?
Yeah.
They test for it, so you have to get a prescription,
but I'm pretty sure fucking a superstar PGA Tour golfer
can find somebody to get him an Adderall prescription.
Yeah, and that gives you super focus.
I don't know.
I mean, Coke and Adderall, they're like first cousins in the drug family.
So, I don't know.
Either way, hey, shout out to the NHLPA for making sure they didn't put Coke
on the fucking  on the banned substance list.
But, unfortunately for Koozie, he kind of had to come forward
and join that program now.
So, he doesn't get a strike against him, but, you know,
he's kind of on like double secret probation a little bit.
So, and actually the article in The Athletic by Scott Burnside
and Tariq El-Bashir noted that agents and executives around the league
that believe that toot use is on the rise and has been for quite some time.
I got asked in an interview one time if cocaine was an issue at the NHL level.
I'm like, fuck no.
There was a year where they said it was.
I remember that one of the years they were like,
oh, it's a big deal in the league.
Yeah, but then I stopped playing.
It was the one year RA was at the cup celebration party in the locker room.
Hey, I saw a funny tweet.
Someone was like, no wonder he's always doing that fucking bird dance
because he's flying high.
That's so bad.
I'm fucking laughing.
We're having too much fun right now.
We want to send out congrats to New Jersey defenseman P.K. Suband
and his girlfriend, now fiance, retired skiing legend Lindsey Vaughn.
They got engaged since our last show.
So congrats to future guest PK.
We've been talking to him a couple different times.
We just can't land him, but I'm sure it will happen sometime this season.
Also, I think a fellow you played with or against,
Mike McKenna, longtime minor league goaltender.
He officially hung it up today.
He's a guy I've been following on Twitter for years.
He has a very interesting perspective
from the game. And hey, kudos
to this guy. I mean, he played in, I think, five leagues
over, 24 teams over
the last 19, 20 years.
Mostly in the minor leagues. I think he only
played about 35 NHL games.
You guys know, that's a grind.
That's a life. That's just love of the game.
So you got a few words on Mike McKenna
for us? I play with him.
Very interesting guy.
Very articulate.
I believe he started his own podcast as well.
So those of you who haven't heard that one, go check it out.
But just a salt of the earth guy.
Very happy for him.
He had that lovely note on Twitter today that he posted about his decision.
He's got a wonderful family.
He's going to go off and have success at whatever he's doing.
He has such a positive outlook on everything.
But definitely fits into the weird goalie category.
So I can't wait to have him on and for him to show off his quirky personality
to all of our listeners.
Nice.
Well, boys, you got any other personal notes or anything you wanted to add?
Any shows, documentaries, movies you catch up with?
This is the time we got to catch up on this stuff, boys.
I ran into the girl from the House of No Return last night at the Whole Foods
around the corner from my place.
Was the house return?
Did you return?
No, no. She was with her no no she was with her daughter she
was with her daughter and uh it was it was very awkward she wanted to make sure that like she was
kind of like hello and like yeah like like kind of get away because my daughter's here and uh then
she told me i'm like hey how's dan she's no longer with the guy but she's engaged to someone new so
congratulations and that kind of puts uh puts it to rest on the house no return there will be no She's no longer with the guy, but she's engaged to someone new. So congratulations.
And that kind of puts it to rest on the House of No Return.
There will be no going back.
It's literally now the House of No Return.
Until that story comes back again.
I actually rented a movie over the weekend.
It was out at the show.
I never got a chance to see it.
It's called Booksmart.
It's directed by Olivia Wilde, the beautiful actress who's married to Jason Sudeikis. And honestly, one of the funniest movies I've seen this year, one of the
best movies I've seen this year. It's almost like a female super bad, like the two girls,
they're nerds in high school and they're going, they didn't have fun all high school. And then
they decide to, you know, the last night before graduation, it's kind of like Superbad with a dash of  not Breakfast Club.
16 Candles with a little dash of Risky Business in it.
Honestly, it's fucking hilarious.
I've watched it two or three times.
I highly recommend it if you want a funny high school movie.
Like if you're a kid in high school right now,
this is a movie you're going to know by heart by the time you graduate.
While you're hanging out at high school parties, watching high school movies.
Well, that's a good high school.
Get announcements and you'll announce.
I'd like to introduce you to my side piece.
She just turned 17.
Which is legal in the state of Massachusetts.
It certainly is.
No, but seriously, it was a really funny movie.
It was really smart, sharply made.
I definitely recommend it.
It's serious.
I wish it did better at the
box office because I think people
didn't expect much out of it for whatever reason.
So, I've got to
ask you one thing. Did you say a four-game
suspension for Kuznetsov
or four-year suspension?
Four-year suspension from the
IIHF. Okay, sorry. I thought you said
four games. I may well have.
Who knows me and my fuck-ups.
But no, it's four years, so he can't play.
If the NHL does play in the 2022 Olympics in Beijing,
he will not be able to.
But like I said, if they do the World Cup again,
he would be eligible to play in that.
He's like, oh, well, going to Mexico.
Have you ever guys tried these float things
where you just go lie in a bed for about an hour?
No, but I've done the three-minute like cryo,
and I really actually want to try the bed because I guess you feel even better.
Well, this is  it's not cold.
No, I know. It's like salt water correct yes
salt yeah yeah no it's like 45 to 50 minutes yeah i think i think the this the least amount of time
you can go is 30 i guess you can leave the bed whenever you want but to get the full effect they
say stay in there an hour uh joe rogan talks about it on his podcast all the time i guess because
when i was in there he asked me if that's where I heard about it, because apparently I look like the type of guy who listens to the Joe Rogan podcast. And after seeing that meme, I kind of look like Joe Rogan. But no, it was interesting. I don't think I got the full benefits from it because I wasn't able to hit that meditation phase, because it takes some getting used to, but there was periods of about, you know,
10 to 15 minutes where I wouldn't move and I would just be in one spot. But, uh,
and part of it is getting comfortable to the bed. I had the roof closed at the start
where it got too hot in there. So I lifted that up eventually got, got better circulation. So
I'm going to head back and try to see if I can actually feel the benefits from it.
And it just kind of disconnects you from the world a little bit. So I don't know if anyone,
what's that? It's a weeds. Yeah. So I'm, I'm really hitting it from all angles these days.
I got to go when we finish up, I got to go work on, I'm making a new Henley for what it's the
50th anniversary look for the Buffalo Sabres. I had somebody
write me a message on Twitter
the other day. It goes, you guys spent more time
talking about Witt's greasy
Henleys than you did talking about
the 50th anniversary Buffalo Sabres
jersey that they dropped, which are gorgeous.
I like them a lot with the white gloves.
Yeah, I wasn't crazy about
too much gold. I don't know.
I thought they were too shiny, I guess, whatever. I don't know I thought they too like kind of too shiny
I guess whatever I don't know
yeah they're okay Buffalo fans are
nuts anything that Buffalo's
in the news for we better fucking talk about it
moving forward or we're going to be hearing about it
absolutely probably have a couple
of the same as mine soon
considering you're down with the high school
movies and hanging out with high school kids
they're into that stuff hey dude that's're down with the high school movies and hanging out with high school kids. They're, they're into that stuff.
Hey dude,
that's,
what's good about high school movies though.
Biz,
if they're made right,
they're timeless.
Cause anybody can relate to going back to those high school years,
but it's like,
whether you got picked on,
whether you were a jock,
whether you had a best friend,
even like,
like I said,
this one,
it's about two girls,
but they're best friends.
But everybody had a friend that they had like an unspoken language with,
which,
you know,
you can relate to even, you know, you can relate to,
uh,
even,
you know,
gender aside,
I'm going to make a quick announcement here.
If I can read this properly.
Now I haven't read this over yet.
So this could take a while.
And this is regarding pink Whitney's.
Here's a deep,
Oh God.
Here's the details for Thursday's pink Whitney event.
We sold this account,
165 cases of pink Whitney for this event.
Dinky Town Wine and Spirits on the campus of the University of Minnesota.
That's 14125th Street, Southeast Minneapolis.
Party goes from 3 to 6 p.m.
Gopher football team season open is at 8 p.m.
Football players have cheerleaders hockey players
have taken them home that was written in this text that is not coming from me we will have a
new amsterdam booth in the parking lot with barstool cornhole games and a shitload of new
amsterdam hats and t-shirts to give away along with some barstool merch as well. We'll also be pouring free samples for everyone
and selling Pink Whitney bottles at 7.99.
So there you go.
That is in Dinkytown or at Dinkytown Wine and Spirits
on the campus of University of Minnesota, 1412 5th Street,
Southeast Minneapolis.
So there you go.
Dinkytown is a fantastic name.
Yeah. So boys, before we, we, before we end, it was a very,
very funny episode where we're having a blast, but sometimes, you know,
like you get some shitty news too.
So I don't bring a lot of personal stuff into the, into the show. And I didn't,
you know, you guys haven't heard this yet,
but I'm going to bring this up because we have just this incredible fan base
and it's all based around like basically our love of hockey and like the
community.
And we've seen a million times with the community and hockey can do.
And even if it's just thoughts and prayers, it's like, it really matters.
And so I married into a very special family.
My wife, her mother is the oldest of 10 kids.
So you can imagine like how wild and
fun the family parties are. They're great people. So my wife's mom is the oldest of 10, as I said.
The youngest sibling in that family is named Malia, just a very special person. And she's
actually my wife's age. So my wife's aunt, they're the same age. So they've always been so close,
basically like sisters. Malia's married to a great guy Johnny he's a cop around here huge hockey fan which which makes it
makes even more sense I bring this up and Malia is just the best person ever since I met her it's
so fun to be around three beautiful children it's just a great family and I'm so lucky to be a part
of this family now but Malia wasn't feeling great. And, you know, so she ends up getting checked, things checked out. And turns out she, you know, she has a brain tumor. So they were able to go in and take out 90 of it recently, but they realized it is malignant brain tumor.
she's battling brain cancer and it's so,
it's so hard because we were on the golf trip and I get this news and you're just like, it's gut wrenching stuff.
And I think that when I bring stuff up like this, it really, you know,
resonates with people because this happens every day to people all throughout
the world where you just get news that changes your life so quickly.
So I get that and naturally it's it's just shock. And it's right
away after that, no surprise in this family, it was just, hey, we're going to fight this thing.
We're going to beat this thing. And so I wanted to bring it up just so that I could get people
to just be out there and be aware and basically just appreciate how lucky you do have it. Because
sometimes things happen and your life changes in an instant.
So Malia is the best person.
She's a savage.
She's going to fight this.
But I do, I have a tweet up where you can read about the story.
It is a GoFundMe.
I never in a million years would expect a dollar from any listener because everyone's going through their same thing.
I just more wanted to bring it up to get good vibes out there, to get people aware, and to get people to know that this girl is so special
and that now the fight begins in three weeks.
Chemo and radiation is going to start.
But just to be around her, and as often as I am, I'm blessed.
And there's going to be many, many, many more great years ahead.
So if you do want to check out what's going on with the family,
I have a tweet out. And, you know, if you can't give anything, like I said, that doesn't matter. But thoughts
and prayers really do matter to me. And I think they do to everyone. So you never know what
someone's going through. And like I said, things can change in an instant. So appreciating what
we have. I know we bitch and moan and stuff joking around, but it is truly
meaningful to know how lucky we are to live the lives we do. So I appreciate you listening right
now so much. My life's been changed for the better because of this podcast. And so I want to thank
all of you. And I want to ask you guys that you have been so loyal the whole time to just to think
of who I consider like a sister and Malia in the next
couple weeks here. So thank you so much. And check out my tweet if you my Twitter, if you do want to
if you do want to see. Well done. Well done. And I really said a lot of people, you never know what
people are going through out there. So sometimes a little dashes, patience or empathy or sympathy
goes a long way with people. So good job, buddy. And we wish her the best, of course.
Absolutely.
All right, boys.
I think that should wrap it up tonight.
Everybody have a great week.
Great weekend.
Then we'll check back with you next week.
And we want to send a special thanks to our advertisers once again.
Be sure to frequent them if you can.
Zip Recruiter, Promo Code Chicklets, Quip, Promo Code Chicklets,
Gong Show Hockey, Promo Code Chicklets, our friends at promo code chicklets, gong show hockey,
promo code chicklets, our friends at NHTSA, and of course, the Pink Whitney.
It will be on shelves September 1st.
Unless you're lucky in the Midwest and you already got it.
Have a great one, all. Thank you. I'm going to take a freight train down at the station.
I don't care where it goes.
We'll see you next time.
