Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by SprezaBox.
If you wear dress socks or work in the corporate environment, then this is the subscription box for you.
Every month, they send you five to six stylish products that are guaranteed to retail for over 100.
Your cost? Just 25. That's a fantastic savings right there.
They typically include products such as ties, wallets, sunglasses, watches, and even more.
Everything is yours to keep, plus shipping is free and you get a personal stylist.
If you're ready to jump on a great deal, go to SprezaBox.com and get 20 off your first month's box with discount code CHICKLETS. That's SprezaBox.com, S-P-R-E-Z-Z-A-B-O-X.com
with the discount code CHICKLETS, SprezaBox.com.
Hello everybody and welcome to episode 20 of Spittin' Chicklets brought to you by Barstool Sports.
We're coming off a pretty busy week down in Manhattan.
Hashtag Chicklets Take Manhattan was a rousing success.
Mikey Grinelli's here, Ryan Whitney's here. Say hello fellas.
What's up everyone?
So yeah, just a quick acknowledgement to everybody for the great support last week.
We had a tremendously successful week.
We were able to get content for two shows.
Actually, we had Taylor Hall last week live, as everybody knows.
In this week's episode, we have NBCSN's studio host, Liam McHugh, who was a great interview.
Lots of Big J journalism talk.
Probably a little more of that talk than hockey.
So if that's your thing, you're definitely going to really enjoy the conversation.
First, we're going to open up a little trade deadline talk.
Once again.
Well, actually, no, no.
I got something to say first.
How about the people who are ripping Hall for saying that he would be choked if Edmonton wins?
Did you see once that caught the Edmonton media?
Oh, great call.
It just shows you how fucking, like,
you guys can't win.
You're fucked damned if you do, damned if you don't.
If you don't say anything, people say,
oh, these guys don't give a shit.
And then if you do say something,
regardless of how thoughtful and honest
and not shitting on anybody it was,
then people are still going to dump on you.
Because I did see the comments, and I didn't want to get into what fucking people in edmonton but
i want to be like did you listen to the fucking interview like i think people just read the
headline and like oh he was a cancer he did one one guy come at me on twitter i was like buddy
you show me what the evidence that he's a cancer and i'll have you on the podcast and he never
fucking replied you know yeah and even if he did we wouldn to have him on the podcast but um i just i couldn't
believe like i was i'm like these people are they serious like i'm like you dream your entire life
and this happened to me i was 100 choked i wasn't rooting for pittsburgh to win when they won like
i was really happy for my friends but like these people who were like what a fucking scumbag he
doesn't want edmonton to win i'm like are you stupid no what do you think he's gonna be like
he's there for like five years and then that he leaves and they win the cup and he's gonna be like
pumped up it's just so foolish so i'd be it is good point i'd be choked means like i wouldn't
like i don't even like when he said it i i don't have what is that is that a canadian thing i'd be
choked i honestly don't think i've ever heard that before. Choked up? Yeah, maybe that is actually Canadian.
I've heard it so much, but maybe it was actually Canadian.
People in Boston don't say I'm choked.
Or do they?
I'd never heard it before.
So anyways, yeah, people with shitheads.
That's not specific to Edmonton.
We're not picking on Edmonton.
Every fan base has that.
But yeah, it was just like he couldn't have been.
I mean, he was great at answering everything we asked, honestly. And like I said, he didn't step on Edmonton. Every fan base has that. But, yeah, it was just like, you know, he couldn't have been, I mean,
he was great at answering everything we asked, honestly.
And, like I said, he didn't step on anyone's toes.
He was, you know, he was direct.
He was blunt.
But, you know, he certainly wasn't crying.
But, no, it's good that Edmonton picked it up and we got some traction there.
So, all right.
So, actually, yeah, it was good. Wick was on TV yesterday with our boy, Armdog, and crazy Briscoe off.
If you caught it on NHL Network, you guys livened up an otherwise fucking dud of a deadline.
So, Ryan, who are the big winners and losers on trade deadline day, as much as we can say that?
Well, before we get into that, I'll say I'm still coming off the high of just how exciting that deadline day was.
Holy shit.
We got there at 7 in the morning and left at 6.
Now, granted, I was only on like five or six different times for six to seven minutes.
We had, like you said, Army and Riverside.
We tried to keep it loose and tell us some stories.
But, oh, my God, it might be time to shut down like the nine-hour deadline show.
Yeah, and it's, you know, I i i think that well this year with obviously the
expansion uh expansion draft coming but it seems like the deals are happening around um the
deadline like the deadline's like the moroccan street fair of nhl gms and now it's like i'm
not the deadline the draft i mean all the deals are going to draft and the deadline it's nothing
i think gms are putting their prices too high and other gms are backing off you know i agree and i
think a lot
has to do with now just with the cap and the situations you have like you want to bring in
a four million dollar guy most of the time you got to get rid of a four million dollar guy contracts
make it hard I actually uh Jeff Merrick who's been on our show obviously and I work up with
at Sportsnet told me of he had to double check but he was pretty sure of the 33 players traded
half of them had been on waivers this year so that's when you know it's not exactly the uh
the deadline of old when it was exciting and there'd be 40 or so trades but in terms of winners
and losers um i said yesterday that washington was my biggest winner and looking into it um
they're so good i mean i picked them to win the cup and i was scared at the beginning when they
were struggling but now they've just turned it on they've come together and then to actually
go out and get the number one player available in shattenkirk um you're just it's it's their time
to get it done you know what i mean like i they're right they're right side of their defense is carl
shattenkirk carlson and niskanen are you shitting me like all three guys very very good players on
the left side they got you know or
pick alsner the kid dimitri orlov's been great this year um so washington's you know a huge
winner just because they added such a good defenseman in shatton kirk who will make a big
difference and minnesota did a lot uh they're kind of going for it it's really funny with both those
teams too because you look at it and washington's never really been able to beat pittsburgh when
it's mattered and minnesota's never been able to beat Chicago when it matters.
They both went out and added, knowing that they have to get by one of those teams.
They've got to get by those two teams, and it's probably going to be in the second round for both of them.
And if they don't get it done now, I mean, it's like, holy fuck, I don't know if they'll ever beat Pittsburgh
or Chicago will ever kind of be dethroned out of those divisions they're in.
Toronto did a great job.
Adam Bryan, Boyle, I think was a great move.
He's going to help them out a ton.
Babcock said, you know, he now can put his fourth line out against any line.
If they're out there against the first line, he doesn't care.
So, Boyle makes a difference.
Plus the leadership in the room that Bryan will bring.
You know what I mean?
Like, there's such a young team, and he's a guy who's been in some battles,
and he's certainly a respected voice in the room that Brian O'Brien will bring. You know what I mean? There's such a young team, and he's a guy who's been in some battles, and he's certainly a respected voice in the room.
And I don't think you can discount that, especially in the playoffs.
No, and I think that he's played more playoff games than anyone else in the league
in the last six or seven years.
Wow, no shit, huh?
Yeah, he's been to a couple finals, always going deep with the Rangers in Tampa.
So just a great addition.
It's funny, we've talked about this before, how the deadline is really fun for fans at times,
and trades are really cool, but the whole human aspect of it,
when you don't really think of what's going on, Brian's got two young kids,
he's got his wife, and all of a sudden he's just moving up to Toronto,
not going to see him.
And he was a little upset about that.
But I'm sure once he gets playing up here, he'll love it.
It's just crazy to think, like, how quick your life can just change
on these trades.
Yeah, exactly.
It is kind of like, you know, I was going to write about that,
how it's, you know, people sitting around like, oh, nothing happened.
And it's like when something does happen, it totally uproots these guys' lives.
And, you know, people forget that.
But, you know, there's definitely a human element involved.
Now, as far as, you know, I agree with you.
Washington is a big winner.
Toronto with a couple of nice ads.
But now Montreal is an interesting team.
Holy fuck.
They added a lot.
But you almost wonder if they added too much.
They brought in Jordy Benton, Nesterov from Tampa, Steve Ott, and Dwight King from L.A.
That's four players.
Obviously, they might not all get in the lineup.
This is a team that's already struggling to score.
You wonder if it's almost too many assholes.
I mean, Gallagher, what's his name, Ott, and Shaw,
either one of those guys might take a dumb penalty at a random time on one team,
but on different teams.
Now you all have them on one team.
I mean, is that too many guys to add at the deadline, Ryan?
It was so funny yesterday because all day, like, even the guys, you know,
all the sports net insiders were sitting around and just like,
they got to be doing something else.
Like, this can't be just it, you know.
Like, I was kind of waiting for them to try to get through Shane.
And then, you know, that kind of came about that they were just asking for way too much.
But, I mean, they did a lot and really did nothing at the same time.
They brought in guys who, you know, like you said,
I don't even know if they'll all be in the lineup.
But how many pests can you have?
You think of Shaw.
It's a great point.
Art, Shaw, and Gallagher.
Holy fuck.
Seriously, yeah.
And they can't score right now, and they didn't do anything for that.
Not that they could with what was being asked,
but Montreal, to me, was kind of a loser for having an active day.
I just don't think they're very good.
I mean, it all comes down to price.
They can't score.
And when he's not just out of this world, they're not that good.
So, yeah, it was a weird move.
I mean, Dwight King could make a difference.
How about L.A., though?
They bring in a Ginla who's Hall of Fame, career, amazing player,
but just kind of, you know, at this point it's just running on fumes.
And they're going to put him with Kopitar, career, amazing player, but just kind of, you know, at this point, it's just running on fumes, and they're going to put him with Kopitar,
like, who's just, you know, had a really
off year. It's like, L.A., it's time
to just maybe kind of try to rebuild
this. Not rebuild, that's not the right word, but
I mean, it's just, it's not, I don't think it's going
to happen for those guys this year.
The thing with L.A. is they're so close, though, that
you know, if they get in the playoffs,
now they have Jonathan Quick, they got Ben Bishop, too, who was just in a cup.
I mean, that's a hell of a one-two punch, especially Quick coming off an injury.
If he were to re-injure himself, they got a damn good backup.
Yeah, and again, though, obviously he's winding down, kind of getting toward the end there.
But at the same time, he's still a guy, I think, he's got, what, 600 goals or whatever the hell he's got in his career.
You know, throw him out there on the second power play unit,
he's a guy who might still be able to score a big goal or two for you.
Yeah, he could find a little magic.
But it's just, it is true.
They did win the Cup as the eighth seed one year.
So you just get in and you never know.
But I like the Bruins bringing in Stafford, kind of a low-risk guy to bring in
who's had some good years and kind of just got bumped away by Patrick Laine
and where he is on the power play.
He's a skilled guy, so he could maybe help out the Bruins a little bit.
At least they added something, trying to push as they've played so well lately.
Right, and I know a lot of fans are going to look,
oh, he only had four goals, Winnipeg, blah, blah, blah.
It's like, okay, Winnipeg's underperformed this year.
He's been hurt.
Like you said, Patrick Laine, he's probably taken a lot of his former power play time.
He's a great little add.
He's a great add.
I mean, he could potentially be in the top line, maybe a top six at some point.
He could play power play, kill the penalties.
He's a good team guy.
The ladder effect, you talked about it last night on the radio,
the ladder effect where it's going to push someone that's on a top line down.
Exactly.
If they put him on the second line,
then that's going to form a second line down to your third line and bump.
And it has that ripple effect of the lineup
where it makes the whole forward court better.
Plus, he scored 31 goals a couple years ago.
He's broken 20 goals four times in a 10-year career.
He's got some skill on the stick.
And for a conditional six, that could go high as a fourth.
I mean, it was a no-brainer.
When I saw the Canadians got Ott, I wanted the Bruins to go out and get him.
I know Bruins fans hate him, but I think he would have been a nice add.
But Stafford, probably some more skill.
So definitely a good pickup.
As a Bruins fan, the difference between now and three weeks ago,
it's night and day.
I mean, it felt like impending doom with Claude here, and they're going to choke again.
And now 7-1 into Cassidy, and, you know, they're gunning for the division.
It's quite a turnaround.
Yeah.
No, I mean, it's good.
It's good for them.
It's funny, dude. I know this's kind of changing the subject quick but sorry i got i i gotta get bris gallop on the podcast holy fuck was that a
fun day what's it like he's out of his mind what's it like to work with that guy what is he so he was
they brought him in and it was i don't know like their plan at the beginning that he did a first
segment with um a guy and he and he he was
his first time on tv i mean like he also has to compute like the he's got to do the you know he's
got to turn everything into english from russia in his head so he's like taking a little while to
answer and then they decided to put him up with us which was which was perfect but um just just
like has some thoughts on life and space and aliens that was just cracking me up.
He seems like a really intelligent guy, too.
I mean, a little out there, like, a little, like, kind of goofy or whatever.
But he's definitely, like, a smart guy, he seems like, you know.
Yeah, no, he's a real nice guy, too.
But if you go on, if you just Google 25 Ilya Brzgalov, quote, Sportsnet. Just Google that.
They have all his stuff that he said yesterday on air, and we were hanging out in the hallway.
So he got some classic stuff on there.
I mean, one of them, I'm an old school guy.
I believe in oil and gas.
I don't want to save money.
I want to spend money.
More money I spend, better for the economy.
People are looking around like, what the fuck is he talking about?
Yeah, he is fucking hilarious.
Guys, a question.
Is chicken meat or is it a bird?
I don't understand.
Yeah, when he was in the NHL, the fucking, one of the classic shows on HBO, which they don't do anymore.
24-7.
24-7, yeah.
He was hilarious on that.
So I think that, I mentioned to a bunch of guys, I got some good
feedback from Spit and Chick. A lot of guys
up here told me they listen and they're fans, so it's good
to hear. I asked them if they all thought
Briz would be good on the podcast. They all said, oh, 100.
I'll try to work on that. It could be interesting.
Absolutely. I think he would be
a most interesting guest.
Growing up in Russia,
his unique take on things, I think he would
be a fantastic guest.
So, yeah, we'll work on that.
So, yeah, the deadline day, another dud as far as fireworks go.
So now we're going to do a quick little All Right, Hamilton, because, again, we've got a pretty nice long interview for you with Liam McHugh.
So, you know, we just want to address the trade deadline.
And real quick, let's address our Canadian listeners before I go to the number one in Canada.
Thanks.
Shout out to the Canadian listeners. Good call, Grin one in Canada. Thanks. Shout out to the Canadian listeners.
Good call, Grinnell.
Exactly.
Shout out to our Great White North listeners.
I'm actually coming up there this weekend, so I'll be able to spread the word of spitting
checkers.
But it was great to go number one up there and number two down here at the same time.
Thanks to everybody.
Thanks, A.
Thanks, A.
Thanks, A.
And yo, thanks to America.
Sorry.
You got to go to Earl's. All right. You got to go to Earl's up here. Oh, yeah. Thanks, A. And yo, thanks to America. Sorry. You got to go to Earl's.
All right, you got to go to Earl's up here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
When are you leaving?
I leave tomorrow morning.
Oh, so we're going to miss each other.
All right.
Missed connection.
All right, Hamilton here, boys.
So, Jay Spro asks, any good stories about boys solving jersey number conflicts?
Ooh, that's a great question.
All right, Hamilton.
You know what?
We were talking about this yesterday because of Gimla Gabrick's number 12 in L.A.
Gimla's going to wear 88.
88, I saw that.
I wonder what would happen, which is fucking foolish.
Dude, 88.
He's going to want to fight Lindros now.
I actually, I think his kids might have picked it, so I feel a little bad,
but it still is foolish. I don't feel bad.
Speaking of Lindros.
All I've ever really seen is
I've seen guys
buy a guy a watch, pay
some guy money, pay guy money.
I don't really have any good
stories, but I know that many times
it's cost guys money.
The one thing I do remember that
T. Mussolini told me was it's really funny. He ended up playing for remember that that uh timu solani told me was
it's really funny he ended up playing for randy carlisle obviously when they won the stanley cup
in anaheim and timu's rookie year randy was a defenseman on the winnipeg jets which is crazy
to end up fucking playing for one of your teammates who's a prick to you then um so timu
went up to him and said he wanted his number.
And it was number eight, I believe.
Timu wore 13 in Winnipeg, right?
Yeah.
He wanted eight.
He ended up wearing eight later on.
So he asked Randy.
He asked Randy for his number.
Like this rookie Finnish kid, he asked Randy Carlisle for his number.
He would want a Norris trophy.
And I guess Randy goes, get the fuck out of my face, you shit, babe, and fucking ask him.
Then he goes on and gets 76 fucking goals.
Fucking still a rookie.
Randy was a grumpy old bastard that just didn't even like a rookie asking for the number.
I got buckled with Solani one night at the fucking hop back when the Garden used to be open when Kachuk used to come to town every year,
and like half of Medford and Charlestown would go to the game.
And he'd come out after the game one night.
It was fucking hilarious, man.
Can he drink?
Oh, yeah.
He was probably 23, 24.
And yeah, you know Robbie Crazy, Robbie Kincannon from Dorchester?
Yes.
He's a riot.
I think he's like the GM of the South Carolina Stingrays now.
He was teaching Solani how to talk trash in English, like telling people he's nasty.
Like, oh, it was hilarious.
Just one of those nights you fucking see it in your memory.
Have I ever gone on my Solani quick rant about how much of a legend he is?
No.
Oh, my gosh.
This guy literally is the best human being.
First of all, he's jacked, shredded,
still is completely shredded, tan, handsome,
smokes a wife, beautiful kids, fucking 600 or whatever goals.
I don't even know how many goals he has.
He's got an absolute rope on him, too.
He's a sick golfer, owns about 25 cars.
He's just got the world by the balls,
and every day he's smiling.
One of the best guys I've ever played with.
Complete legend of the game. Yeah, he is definitely one One of the best guys I've ever played with. Complete legend of the game.
He is definitely one of the more beloved players
of the last 20 years.
One night of three hours at the hop
and you got to get a sense of
how good of a person he was.
It was fucking dynamite.
Grinnelli, what do we got next?
Alex Rubin asks, who's living the dream better?
Players that go major junior or the ones
that go big time NCAA?
And then he put in parentheses, party
and puck.
Dude, it's really funny. We talked
about this last night because Colby
Armstrong's up here and
he along with a lot of other guys,
Mark Recchi, Gary Roberts
have said like, you know, if their kids ever
played hockey, we're good. These are guys who played junior.
They would have them go to college because I don't even think you could compare the two.
Let's think you either want to go play in Moose Jaw, which, by the way, Priskel called Jaw Moose yesterday.
You can either go play in Moose Jaw or fucking Prince George.
London's actually unbelievable for the OHL, but Sault Ste. Marie, or you can go live in Boston in a dorm with smoke show girls that are your age
and play in front of them all the time.
I can't even  and you play less games.
Your body doesn't get as beat up.
College hockey is awesome now.
It's getting better year by year.
I don't even  there's not even a comparison for me.
The only reason I would ever really go to juniors or send a kid to juniors
if you had someone who was
at 16, 17, you're like,
this kid's going to be in the NHL.
Or 15, 16, you're like, this kid could
be in the NHL in two, three years.
Then maybe you go to junior and you dominate
and you know you're going to be in the NHL
at a really young age. But for me,
it's no question. It's college all the way.
And if you're that good, you're going to go either way.
I mean, obviously the choice is different and better for certain people.
But some kids just don't want to deal with the fucking academic side.
They're done with school.
The last thing they want to do is pick up a book,
especially if they know they're only going to go for a year or two.
But you're right.
It just seems like the amenities are better in college.
You're not taking fucking buses all the way over the western prairies for 15 hours at a time.
You know, and Moose Jaw.
You can't think of Moose Jaw as a schedule without thinking of Slapshot.
I'm going to wiggle it at him, Joe, so you have a heart attack and fucking die,
so you don't have to do this shit anymore.
All right, Grinnelli, let's do it.
We'll do one more Hamilton, and then we'll bring you on to Liam McHugh.
All right, guys, I don't know if you guys saw that panic goal last night.
That was unbelievable.
A lot of questions about that.
Holy shit, I know.
I'm going to go with the question about the Hawks.
Jeremy O.D. asks, Hawks rolling like a freight train right now,
peaking too early, question mark, cup chances, question mark.
All right, Hamilton.
The Hawks?
The Hawks are always a good contender to me.
I don't think the Hawks can peak too early.
I mean, they've been there.
They can do what they're going to do.
Yeah, other teams maybe you might, well, you know, like look at Philadelphia Flyers.
I think it's safe to say they peak too early.
But, yeah, no, it's the fucking Blackhawks.
They're dangerous, regardless or whatever.
Go ahead, Whit, sorry. Yeah, I mean, no, they've been so good. They're right there, one's the fucking Blackhawks. They're dangerous, regardless or whatever. Go ahead, Whit, sorry.
Yeah, I mean, no, they've been so good.
They're right there, one of the favorites.
You heard Taves, and Taves was kind of getting chirped.
He was having an off year.
He was making 10 million, whatever, and he's been on fire,
player of the month.
He started playing with that panic and that Jordan.
Is it Jordan Smalls?
I don't know.
Fuck, I hope it's Jordan.
I feel bad.
I can't think of his first name.
He played in North Dakota.
He had a dirty assist last night to Kane.
The team's on a roll.
That line started clicking, and then you always have Kane and Panera
and the Breadman going at it together, and they're elite.
It's a great team.
You wouldn't be surprised at all if they go on to win the Cup this year.
It's going to come down, like we said earlier,
them and Minnesota getting out of the division.
Whoever wins probably will be a favorite.
And the Chicago coach just brought Johnny Oduya back
to shore up the decor a little.
Yeah, I mean, I'm starting to salivate waiting for the playoffs.
I know we've got a little...
I know, same here.
You know what, too?
People are kind of quietly not mentioning San Jose, too.
They could...
They're a good team.
I think where they are, they don't get mentioned as much, but heads up for them.
Okay, actually, we're going to do one more.
I mean, sorry, Grinnell, you've got one more good Hamilton.
Whit, I have to ask you this one because I just came across and it looks real good.
What's the...
And now, this applies to R.A., too applies to RA too because RA was getting recognized in Manhattan.
So what is the most, DM the details asked, what is the most creepy slash fucked up fan
encounter you've ever heard of or had?
All right, Hamilton.
Fuck.
Creepy or most fucked up fan encounter?
Man, I don't...
In college where girls just like knocking on your dorm
door being like...
Sounds real creepy, Mike.
If by creepy you mean unreal.
Yeah, seriously.
Dude, I can't
really think of anything. There was a
crazy, crazy
like stalker-type girl fan from a Wilkes-Barre booster club that made me...
One day, she just dropped off this...
Dude, it was like a binder.
50 pages of newspaper cutouts of the Wilkes-Barre Scranton times.
Box scores and pictures of me getting hit into the glass with my face against the glass. newspaper cutouts of the Wilkes-Barre Scranton times of box scores
and pictures of me getting hit into the glass with my face against the glass.
I was like, thank you very much.
Holy fuck, get away from me.
Was it Pam Beasley?
I remember the first time I saw that show was there.
I was like, holy fuck, I live there.
Oh, my God.
I get after it there.
The place is unreal.
It's funny.
I mean, we can answer Grinnelly's question.
Last week with that Bauer, like, honestly, it was funny.
We talked about this last night on the radio show.
Like, you know, Boston, no one, you know, and I don't expect to be, like, recognized by anybody other than who I know.
So we were in Manhattan, and it happened, like.
It happened multiple times.
It even happened to me, which is
the crazy part. That dude, Grinnells, was getting
sniped in bars in fucking Manhattan.
You're single, Grinnells.
You better live it up, dude. Oh, I took advantage.
People are
recognizing him in the bars, so it was
fucking like... Because New York's known
for not giving a fuck.
Obviously, we were in bars where stoolies were, but there not giving a fucking. And, you know, obviously we were in bars where like where stoolies were.
But there was one, you know, one guy.
Let me tell the story about when we were at the first bar with the guy that recognized you.
Okay.
Real quick.
So this guy, it was hilarious.
So we were saving the seat for R.A. all night.
And he finally comes to the bar.
And we had given it away right before he got there.
So R.A right the guy looks at
ra and goes is this your seat and before he could even finish saying is this your seat he goes holy
shit are you rear admiral hey buddy you can you can have my seat he goes have have my seat let me
buy you a beer i got let me get you next few drinks and the guys hey rear admiral paid this
guy to do it it was all set up yeah you got caught
you got like cocks Grinnelli yeah so that yeah it was pretty wild then you know but but you in the
brief time we were there you can actually see like the other guy who was come over and you know he
was you know he's loaded but he was friendly at first and then he just wouldn't leave like then
you know me you and pft were having a fucking powwow there that wasn't at the village tavern
no not at the village town but at the village Tavern, though. No, not at the Village Tavern.
The kid at the Village Tavern was awesome.
No, he was awesome.
But this guy, you know, he's just like, he's like trying to like get in your like mini circle of conversation.
Oh, that's the worst.
People are the worst.
I had no problem when I was playing if people came up.
Absolutely.
Like, hey guys, you know, big fan of the Penguins.
Nice to meet you.
Can I buy you a drink?
But like, don't stay standing next to me.
I don't want to keep talking to you.
Especially when you're not even talking. He was just
trying to hone in. So we had to fucking
put a shield on him. And then
it's like, well, if you tell the guy, can you
leave? Then you're like, yeah, you're a fucking asshole,
buddy. I'm not listening to you show anything.
You got to straddle that fine line.
So it was cool. People
were awesome. That was the only guy
who was kind of... He was more drunk than anything.
But, you know, like, I mean, Trent, like, sitting with Trent was like sitting with fucking Paul McCartney, you know what I mean?
Like, down, I mean, it was fucking nonstop, you know, like, me and him were sitting there talking in the Village Tavern that night.
And it was just, you know, nonstop.
And, you know, he's a big teddy bear of a guy anyways.
And, you know, it's just fucking wild that, you know, this crazy website gets all this.
And they were real good to us down there.
Before we go, I just wanted to mention, unfortunately, I'm not on the interview with McHugh.
I was working.
But also, I went on the Pat McAfee show by Barstool Sports.
Oh, nice.
Synergy.
It came out today.
He has long podcasts.
It's in the comedy section.
Definitely.
He had, like, three or four guests on.
But I went on there. So it's in the comedy section. Definitely. He had like three or four guests on, but I went on there.
So it's at the end of the episode if you want to check that out.
Some good plugs for Spitting Chicklets, and he's a really good guy.
Funny dude.
Nice, nice.
All right.
All right.
So that's going to wrap up this little trade deadline, our sort of live portion of the show.
And now we're going to bring in Liam McHugh again.
This was the interview we recorded in New York last week. Liam, come into Manhattan on his own time, on his own dime, just to do this interview.
So we can't thank him enough.
He was gracious with his time.
He has a pretty cool story.
Again, if you're a journalism major, whether now or 20 years ago, he's got a great story of his background.
So without further ado, we're going to bring in Liam McHugh.
Oh, I'm a poet and didn't
know it. Okay, everybody, we got a very special guest in studio today. A real good get for us.
Liam McHugh of NBC Sports Network was nice enough to schlep all the way at the Manhattan to come
into our studio and join us. Liam, say hello to everybody. It's great to be here. Beautiful day
in New York. Late February, walking from Penn Station here to 27th Street, Manhattan.
Gorgeous, sunny.
I got on the train platform.
True story.
Woman walks up about 15 feet away, looking at me, looking at me, vomits.
Train comes.
I'm the train.
Let's go to the city right now.
You're in New York.
Here we are.
Exactly.
That's right.
That's your welcome to New York.
You see a homeless person holding a sign or someone puking on you like that.
There's a lot worse you can see.
You're certainly walking in here, so you probably got off good.
Anyways, how long have you been with NBC Sports Network for?
You've been six or seven years now?
Yeah, so I got there 2011.
I got there, and they brought me on, kind of tried me out with hockey
to see if it was something that could fit.
I think it was right when they were turning over from Versus to NBC Sports Network.
I'd been on Versus before.
So it kind of gave me a whirl.
I was more of a casual hockey fan at the time, and I think they knew that going in,
so they wanted to see if it would work.
I think they liked the idea of just putting a personality next to Milbury,
seeing if he could be next to him for that long and survive.
Yeah, so I did it that year, and I did the first two games of the Stanley Cup that year,
Boston Bruins, out in Vancouver.
Vancouver, as you know, won the first two games.
Absolutely.
And the rear was out there.
For game seven, I was out there, yeah.
See, I only did the first two games, which was great,
because then I hung out in Vancouver for a few days, a beautiful place.
But it was over. They were celebrating. It was for a few days. It was a beautiful place. But it was over.
They were celebrating.
It was like a mosh pit of humanity in the streets.
Hilarious.
A huge party.
That cup was theirs.
It was done.
And then they burned the city down.
Yes.
Yeah, I was not there for that.
You were there for that.
Yeah, it was weird because I've always wanted to go to Vancouver.
It was one of those cities, beautiful city here.
I don't think I saw one mountain, nothing there, because I got there late Tuesday.
The game was Wednesday or whatever, and basically, I was on a plane home, and being in the arena
during the riot, that was crazy, because you're watching a riot.
It's a mile down the street.
Yeah, a big J journalist, and you're like, man, is this going to come down here?
We never felt unsafe.
That building's like a fortress, but it was pretty crazy, man.
Then they had the media shuttle, had to take detours and everything, but we loved it in Boston, man. I was like, you're totally embarrassing
yourself as a city. You're lost and you're burning your city down. So let me ask you,
you said you weren't a hockey broadcaster before NBC Sports picked you up. Is that a tough
transition to go from not broadcasting the game to broadcasting on its biggest stage?
I think it's, yeah. I mean, it's difficult just because I think there's, it's a devout
audience that's somewhat unforgiving.
Yes.
Yeah, which is probably a nice way of putting it.
But, and you're dealing with a lot of names that are not like, hey, listen, you see it
in text.
It's the worst.
You see it in copy and you've been reading it to yourself.
Then you get up and you're like, well, now I have to say it out loud in front of, you
know, potentially a few million people.
It's a little different.
So, and if you make a mistake, people are going to bury you. Vas in front of potentially a few million people. It's a little different.
And if you make a mistake, people are going to bury you.
Vasilevsky.
Yeah, I mean, it's rough.
Now, luckily, I mean, Milbury was helpful.
Keith Jones is a great guy to work with who knows everything about the game.
And those guys were willing to work with me, I think, is another thing.
They'd been around for a while.
They were established.
And they didn't have to do that because there's a lot of guys in this business who would beat a kid you're on your own.
Easily.
And those guys, no, they made it work.
And I think for me it was  it's like cramming for a test every night.
I mean, Jonesy, he seems like to me a guy who doesn't get as much appreciation
as he should because, like you say, he knows the game well.
He's so well-spoken.
It seems like he should  I mean, I guess he's in a great role,
but it seems like he should be doing a team  working with another team
full-time somewhere.
I mean, he's very good at what he does.
I think he's fantastic.
Yeah.
I mean, and I'd say underrated is the exact way to put it.
I think he's fine with that.
Yeah.
Which is maybe why he stays that way.
Right.
I think he's the perfect foil for Milbury.
You know, he's kind of the straight man.
He'll needle him a little bit here and there.
But he's also the type of guy, and I've worked with all levels of analysts,
guys that just came out of the league, that were new to it.
Those guys you kind of have to prep every little thing, make sure it's okay.
Jonesy, we go out there, we have an hour show.
It doesn't make a difference.
Throw anything you want at him.
He's got a response.
He has the knowledge, and he'll walk you right through it.
It's great.
You said Mike Milbury.
He's a guy.
I'm a Milbury fan.
I like what he does.
I think he's, you know, I like people throw a little salt out there.
I grew up watching him.
But what's he like when you're on camera?
Is he the same?
I think he's probably the same, if not maybe a little bit more intense.
Does he try to, like, dole out noogies on the set?
He seems totally like he would.
Well, I mean, that's the atmosphere on set.
It's basically, I mean, we get new researchers and they have to be warned that, you know,
like you're going to get crap from these guys.
See, a lot of TV jobs aren't like that though.
I mean, I work in the television industry as well.
And I mean, I work at a news station, so it's a lot more stiff. And to hear that, that's
loose and that's pretty cool. I'll put it this way. They're counting down here at the news station,
right? It's silence. Yeah. Okay. They're counting down to me, probably bringing people on the air
for the Stanley Cup final. Those two are talking until two, like five, four, and they're talking
about anything other than the game, right
up to the end, right next to me.
It's loose.
I mean, they know it, and I'm used to it now, so it's fine, and I like it.
But while that, I can imagine, could be distracting for a number of people, I'm used to it now,
and I like the vibe now throughout the show.
I mean, once we get rolling, sometimes when it's too structured, it's not that enjoyable.
And I don't think it's that enjoyable for the viewer.
Exactly. You know, like I said's that enjoyable for the viewer. Exactly.
Like I said,
I am in the broadcast industry as well
and me and Ria were talking about this
before we came on though.
It's an industry that
requires a lot of luck.
Definitely.
A lot of hard work.
You have to put in your hours.
Just tell us a little bit about
your rise before NBC Sports
and what it took to
to get there all the all the hours and the shit behind the scenes yeah I don't think there's any
doubt that it takes a lot of luck yeah and anyone who says otherwise is either extremely connected
which I guess is a luck of their own yeah or a line because I mean I was a writer before I worked
at Newsday I did some freelance work at ESPN Magazine. And I was doing
okay. But I kind of realized it probably wasn't going to happen in a major way for me. I also saw
that magazines were going from phone book thickness to little pamphlets. So I went back to
school. I got a master's in broadcast journalism. And then I went to... And I was writing in New
York City. And I went to Terre Haute, Indiana. That was my first TV job. Tiny little Terre Haute, Indiana, small town. And then you're grinding. You're
doing everything there.
Shooting your own shots.
Shooting, editing.
Producing.
Writing everything, producing. If the morning show host is out for a week, you're getting
up. Now you're hosting news in the morning. It was good. It was perfect because you go
to the small market, you learn top to bottom. You make mistakes.
People are forgiving.
It's okay.
High school sports.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, it's Indiana, so it was like high school basketball.
High school basketball was everything.
In fact, I covered Greg Oden when he was in high school.
No kidding, huh?
Yeah, Mike Conley, Greg Oden.
Do you almost feel like that's an advantage?
Like you said, you didn't know much about hockey.
Do you almost feel like since you've been thrown in so many different situations before, you kind of knew? I think it is. I do. And I mean, people always ask,
you know, especially like people are just starting in, you know, if they're going to school for
broadcast journalism, you know, they, everyone, listen, everyone wants a shortcut. Everyone would
love to start at a major market or move up. But I think there's something to be said for starting
low and learning everything about it and
just going out there and they're saying, hey, you're on live. You got to get this done. It's
up to you from start to finish to get it done. From there, I went to Oklahoma City, which was
a great sports town. I was 15 feet away from Mike Gundy when he did I'm a Man on 40 Rant. I was
there for Blake Griffin, Sam Bradford. I was there when they had the Hornets, lost the Hornets,
and got the Sonics.
It was amazing.
It was like two and a half years of just madness.
So that was fantastic.
And then I was out of work.
I was out of work for 13 months.
I'd left.
I'd had some feelers out there.
They all fell through.
My wife was in the business.
She was a TV news anchor in Virginia.
At that time, we were dating.
We got engaged.
I moved in with her, and I was on the couch for 13 months, bad Irish beard.
Been there.
Depressed, wondering what's going to happen. I mean, can I do anything for money?
Any thoughts of quitting?
Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I was looking around at just anything that, at this point, especially when you start to have this, when you have an unstable life through your job, you start
looking like, what's the most stable job possible?
Yeah.
Tell me about it.
Yeah.
Can I just get something?
Yeah.
And, you know, after 13 months, it was amazing.
I mean, I got two offers in a week.
And I could have gone to Boston or I could have gone to New York,
and I'm from New York.
And it was a startup show, The Daily Line.
I don't know if you remember that on Versus.
Didn't last very long.
But it was one of those, again, where they were kind of going, give me a lot of freedom.
Let's see what happens.
And someone probably saw you there, like they saw your potential.
I'm sorry, which job in Boston were you offered?
I was offered a job at Nessun, which I think for a show that did not actually happen.
Yeah.
Smart move taking the New York job that ended up the show failed because Nesson,
I mean, Nesson's a good breeding ground for getting people out there, but yeah, he probably
didn't want to come work there.
People who worked there can't stand him.
I'm not saying anything.
I'll probably be applying for a job.
The fight is, from my point of view, Nesson was easily the more stable of the two things.
Huh.
Easily, because it was an established entity.
But that's the part of the industry, though.
You've got to take risks. Yeah, definitely. You've got to make the risk that's best for you in your career.
And it's different now. I mean, I got a couple of kids, so I'm not as risk-prone. I'm definitely
not. But you have to. You're absolutely right. And I think if there's any recommendations,
it's get out of your comfort zone. I mean, I'm a New York guy. I grew up here. My first jobs
were here. All my friends basically grew up here, went to school on the East Coast, came back to New York and live and
work in New York City area. I've lived in Indiana, Oklahoma, and I've lived in some areas that maybe
weren't that nice, maybe not the most desirable places. I enjoyed my time there. I don't know.
I think I'm a little bit better off. Stuff like that gives you character. I know it's like a
cliche, but I think it really does you know when you have to do things
you might not necessarily
want or your place
leave your comfort zone
exactly
now you're from
Long Island originally
how did you completely
eradicate that
Long Island accent
out of your mouth
like there's not a trace
of it anywhere
I think moving around
helped
definitely
because that's the one thing
I mean you can make mistakes
in different places
but you cannot drop
into Indiana
and start saying Long Island.
Yeah.
That things are awesome because it's just not going to work.
Not going to fly.
Yeah, you can't order coffee there.
And I will commend you.
You might be the only person who graduated from Syracuse who didn't make a point to let everybody know you went to Syracuse.
You know what?
I went to grad school there.
Even more so.
But I think that's why because I'm not an undergrad.
I met my wife there, and I had a good year there, and then I paid for it for about 30 years.
Oh, God.
Or at least the two of us will combine, pay for it for about 30 years.
But it was a great experience, and I learned a lot.
But it's not my undergrad, so I don't have that love affair with the university that people do.
Now, that's one thing I want to ask about journalism.
I see guys up in our area who went there, and they let everybody know it, and they suck.
They don't have that intuition.
I mean, how much of journalism do you think is taught in school versus just innate in
somebody's personality?
And let me cut in real quick there.
I see these kids that, because I consider myself a young journalist trying to get in
the industry, and I didn't go to a good journalism school.
I didn't. I went to Plymouth State in New Hampshire.
And I see these kids at Syracuse, and I have friends that are at Syracuse, and they're not  like R.A. said, they're not good.
They're just bland almost.
Well, I think there's something to be said about the fact that you can produce a good broadcaster from there, just someone who's crisp, knows how to broadcast, knows how to present themselves.
I think it's important  I don't know.
Personally, I think it's important to have more of a broad-based knowledge, have a bunch of different things to talk about, have varied interests, and then you can learn that.
I mean you can learn that on the job.
You can learn that at school.
It may take a little bit more time.
And I'm not saying those schools can't  like Syracuse can't produce those people.
They certainly have. Mike Tirico is one of those guys easily. You know, Bob Casas is one of those guys. Obviously, he can talk about anything, anytime, anywhere. But I think there is something
to be said about like producing a person that can do a perfect live shot or producing a person that
if you're going back and forth with on the air, can give you some thoughtful responses on different subjects off the top of their heads.
Yeah, it just seems like, oh, I'm going to go to Syracuse, or any journalism school and
get this degree, and then that's all set.
But it's like, you don't necessarily have the skills to be a journalist just because
you got the degree.
I think it's just almost like an innate or a part of someone's personality to have that
inquisitive nature to want to learn as opposed to just going out and being a Ted Baxter.
That's a Mary Tyler Moore reference for you youngins.
Wow.
Especially in the new age of journalism, which, you know, with podcasts and just the opinionated,
you know, direction that the industry is going, you're born with that.
You're born with an opinionated personality.
It's not something that you can go to school for.
Yeah.
And I also think, I mean, part of it's grinding.
I mean, if you're going to go, especially if you're going to get in the reporter role,
if you're going to do anything like that, it's work.
Yeah.
And it's all day, every day.
And I think for me, early on in my career, one of the benefits was, I mean, I was single.
I was living in a place where I didn't know a lot of people.
So I was able to just sit there and work.
For me, I think growing up, I kind of wanted to emulate someone,
whether it was like Katie Nolan or Aaron Andrews.
Being a woman, you don't really have that.
Someone that you like.
Being a male in a broadcast industry, you kind of have almost an advantage because it's not going to be based on your looks or based on whatever.
So I kind of looked up to the Aaron Andrews of the business, the Katie Nolans.
Did you have someone you kind of emulated when you were little?
I don't know.
I mean, I think I was, first off, I always wanted to be a writer at the beginning.
So it wasn't something that I was like really considering.
I mean, I, listen, it's tough not to say like Bob Costas.
I love Bob Costas.
I think he's fantastic.
But at the same point, I realize my personality is very different.
Yes.
You know?
Yes.
And I'm not going to be that guy.
So to me, it was always like taking little pieces from people that I thought were similar
and something I could apply to myself.
And frankly, I think part of it also was I could look around and say, like, I didn't
like that.
Do I do that?
Right, right.
You know, to different people.
And even some people that I really thought were fantastic on air, if they did little things that just bothered me, I'd just sit there and like, oh, let's try to avoid.
You know, it's like trimming away the excess.
And I'm still doing that.
I mean, there's still times, you know, you get off the air and you're like, God, I can't believe that was on television.
Yeah, we do the same thing. I'll listen mean i my wife god bless her i don't know how
she puts out my voice all the time but i'll listen to the podcast so you know you want to correct
your mistakes you want to like do that stuff but you know not make those same mistakes but but when
you like jumped in i mean you were just like a natural fit at nbcsn i i think a lot of people
didn't know your history or where you're from and it's just like it was natural, like right from the get-go,
like it just worked for you.
I don't know.
I mean, listen, it's really nice of you to say.
I think part of that is, I mean, I'm giving the freedom also.
If we do, and in the hockey show we don't use it much,
but if I do use a teleprompter and we're writing, I write it.
And I think, you know, no one ever pressured me to have someone else
put something in there.
I can ask for help.
There's not a lot of on-air talents that are like that.
I mean, I'm uneasy without it.
Yeah.
But that's how it should be because you're more comfortable reading your own words.
Absolutely.
And plus I can see a whole block of text, of copy.
And if I don't want to use it at the time, I don't have to.
And it's not going to throw me off.
I know what's there.
I put it there.
I know what's next.
And it's, I don't know, I'm much more comfortable that way.
And I'd say NBC really gave me a lot of freedom with that.
Never once did I come in and they said, all right, here's what you have.
Here's what you'll read.
Go up there.
We'll throw some makeup and a suit on you and go to work.
Do you miss, like you said, you wrote for ESPN, the magazine.
Do you miss that type of writing?
Well, journalism writing, in-depth investigative stuff.
Do you miss that?
I know a lot of guys write and then they kind of get on TV, the radio, and then they never write again.
It's like, I don't have to do that anymore.
You know, it's funny.
I'd say I miss some things about it, but in general, I don't.
I think I had a lot of anxiety about it, especially at ESPN Magazine.
You're on the shelf for two weeks at ESPN Magazine, which, especially now, like in today's day and age, it's an eternity to be out there.
I mean newspapers are old now.
So imagine a magazine out there for two weeks.
So you're sitting there and it's like if anything even slightly goes wrong, that's just sitting there in print forever.
And you have anxiety about the fact that you're competing against someone to break a story.
You have anxiety about is the source giving you the right information or are they just giving you the information that they want to meet you.
You're going to get out, right.
So in that respect, I do not miss it.
I also do not miss  I can tell you right now.
I do not miss calling someone, getting PR on the phone and having them say, no problem.
They'll get right back to you.
And then sitting there and waiting and waiting and waiting. And then like you're at your niece's christening and the phone and having them say, no problem, they'll get right back to you. And then sitting there and waiting and waiting and waiting.
And then you're at your niece's christening and the phone rings.
Oh, yeah.
And you're like, all right, I got to go.
Someone hold this baby.
So I don't miss that at all.
Yeah, the writing, I mean, I still do it.
But yeah, it feels like almost people, like, you pay their dues with the writing.
And then once they get to wherever, then it's like, see you later.
It leads you to bigger and better things.
Well, it's funny because I still read all the time.
So I'm still interested, and I still want the people that I think are good at it to keep doing it because I'm interested.
Okay.
Go ahead, Mike.
Well, I was going to say, I wanted to ask you about the Islanders.
I know you said you're a Long Island guy.
We saw the Islanders move from Long Island to Brooklyn.
Now they could be going back to Long Island.
To another part of Long Island.
Yeah.
New Yorkers hate that.
I mean, just the overall resurgence.
I'm looking at the standings right now, and they're back in the playoff race.
It's funny.
They had a great night last night by not playing.
Yeah.
They sat it out.
Don't remind me.
So are you an Islanders fan?
Yeah.
I mean, I would say, excuse me, I grew up an Islanders fan.
I'm fairly detached at this point.
But, yeah, I mean, listen, I live out in Long Island right now.
They're on TV, so if they're good, it's a lot
more interesting for me. I love watching John Tavares play
hockey, so again, if they're good,
it's better for me, and I can watch
a lot of their games. You might not be watching them
there too much longer. I know, I mean, that's really the question,
isn't it? I mean... Yeah, it's...
I mean, they should have just built a new arena
out where they already were, and going to Brooklyn,
it's been a disaster, but I think there's a lot of out where they already were. And going to Brooklyn, it's been a disaster.
But I think there's a lot of guys, you know, you just said, yeah, you kind of admit that.
I think there's a lot of people who lie and like, oh, I'm detached.
I don't root for anybody.
I think deep down, whether you admit it or not, you're pulling for one side or the other.
Whether you're pulling for a story or something.
But I think so many guys have bullshit about that.
Listen, I'm not going to lie.
I mean, John Tavares scored that goal last year, and they beat Florida.
Yeah.
And, you know, they finally win a playoff series for the first time in more than two decades.
It's fired up.
Yeah, you can't erase that from your body, you know?
I think the difference is, I mean, I don't go in the game sitting there like, oh, my God, life is going to be miserable if they do not win this game.
But, yeah, I mean, there's emotion.
Unless you've got two dimes on them.
Yeah.
Hey, now.
All right, now we're getting into the hockey a little.
So when the playoffs come around, which is what, about a month or so, a month and a half, do you just like say, bye, family, see you in June?
That's pretty much it.
Yeah, I mean, because you figure they're six, seven days a week, easy,
and we do the doubleheader every night,
and then we do pretty much an hour postgame.
So, you know, I come home because I have two little kids.
Basically everyone else stays up there because they're rolling right in.
They stay at a hotel.
But, yeah, I'm coming home. I get in like 2.30.
Maybe go to sleep by 3. My kids are up now, hopefully, at 6. Used to be like 5. So I'll get up for like a second, say hello to them. I'm a zombie. My wife tells me to go back
to bed and then...
So you go from Stanford to Long Island?
I go back to Long Island, yeah, every night.
You've got to get a speedboat, dude.
Yeah, I know, right?
I've got to figure something out.
I don't know.
I mean, I've got family on Long Island.
It was a good move, but it's rough during the playoffs.
And I'll tell you, you asked about Milbury, and I talked about Keith Jones,
and I'd say you threw Roenick in there as well.
That time of year, I see them far more than I see my family. And if I didn't like them,
it would be a miserable existence. And I like them a lot, thank goodness, because I'm around
them constantly. And you get on each other's nerves. You do. It's like siblings at that point.
But when people ask, like, oh, do you want to do other things outside of hockey
yeah i mean i'm interested like anyone else and i'm curious i'd like to do other stuff
but i don't know i it's tough to commit to something when you know that the people you
work with you enjoy working with right right and then you hear stories about like other people like
i love the sport i can't stand the people yeah crest ain greener. Yeah, so that alone is such a huge bonus.
Oh, I'm sorry, Mike.
So this year, Austin Matthews, unbelievable player.
McDavid, I mean, I watched him one shift last night.
He come bombing down.
He just has that incredible speed, size.
Which one of those two guys would you take if you were starting a team today? I'd take McDavid.
Yeah, it's tough not to.
It's difficult.
I get it.
And also, he's been fantastic.
But pure speed.
And there are other guys who are fast, obviously.
But to play the game at that speed, to process the game at that speed, never seem out of
control.
And to make the precise plays.
The poise he plays with playing at that speed, it's mind-blowing.
Who would you take?
I mean, how do you not take McDavid?
But I don't think you're wrong for taking Matthews.
The fact that he's a rookie and he plays that game.
Hey, Bucci took Matthews.
I listened to your podcast.
I saw it.
Yeah, and that was an instant answer.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, he plays the game on such a cerebral level.
Not that McDavid doesn't, but it seems like Matthews,
because he's a little bit smaller than McDavid,
he just seems to have this almost like Rain Man level
where he sees the angles
and he just knows what's going to happen ahead of time.
And for him to be a rookie doing that,
what's this kid going to look like when he's 25 or 26?
No, I mean, listen, he is,
and I know I listen to Bucci, your podcast with him,
and he had great expectations for him as a rookie.
I didn't have as high.
I thought he'd be good.
This is crazy.
But yeah, that's understandable.
What he's doing is crazy.
These are crazy numbers, and he's elevating a team into the playoffs already.
I did not have those expectations.
A last-place team into the playoffs as well.
They were last place last year.
The funny thing about Connor McDavid is, so he's leading the league in points right now,
leading the league in scoring in his second year, and because of the expectations
that he knew were on him, it would almost be disappointing if he wasn't.
Right.
How do you define success?
Let's say it's the end of Conor McDavid's career.
What would actually be success?
I mean, what, three or four cups?
It's got to be cups.
I mean, a couple gold medals, too.
I want to see gold medals in there.
I look at Crosby, because you look at Crosby now, and Crosby's got all the gold medals, all the cups.
I mean, and he had on top of that.
Got him scoring titles too, though.
Yeah.
See, I don't, I mean, I know they matter as far as the hockey hall.
I don't put as much stock on the Olympic stuff, the gold medals.
I mean, I know.
No, it's team, that's, you're right.
No, you're right.
I'm more on the NHL side.
But yeah, he's got to, you know, score in titles.
Stanley Cup is the main thing.
I mean, if he goes 15, 20 years without a Stanley Cup,
it'll be a major disappointment if he never wins one.
And it's funny.
I think because of the expectations on him, he's got to win multiple,
which is a crazy thing to say.
Exactly, yeah.
But that's the pressure that's been put on him.
It's sort of like, hey, better win a handful of scoring titles,
win a few Cups, or else we're going to look back and go.
And Crosby's had the similar, if not perhaps more pressure.
I mean, he's got two Cups now.
He's been in three finals. And is Crosby where you the similar, if not perhaps more pressure. I mean, he's got two cups now. He's been in three finals.
And, you know, is Crosby where you thought he'd be?
Do you think he'd have more cups by now?
You know, he might have, you know, 10 more years left in his career.
And he's the best in the league right now.
I mean, right there, I mean, I don't know.
He's amazing.
He is so good.
Is he your MVP right now?
Yes.
Actually, no, no, no.
Brent Burns.
Brent Burns is mine.
Yeah?
I'd probably go McDavid, I think.
That's who I'm going with.
Yeah.
But do you think Toronto's going to get in the playoffs?
Do you think they're going to stick?
I think, listen, I think you can pick, I have a hat.
Yeah.
You can pick five or six teams right now, and I know there are a lot of people who are
going to come in here and give you a definitive answer on that.
I'm not going to do that.
Oh, McHugh loves the Maple Leafs.
I'm not going to come out and say at the beginning of the season, who's going to win the Stanley
Cup?
Yeah.
I mean, we have eight seeds winning it in this league.
Freezing cold takes is all over you.
Exactly.
Tweeting your pics out.
But listen, they'll be right in it.
And I'll tell you one thing.
They'll be making the playoffs next year and for years to come after that.
Yeah, I mean, I'm stunned at how quick they've turned it around.
I mean, you know, they brought in Lamorello and Shanahan and Babcock
and all these, you know, big names and stuff.
And you figure, okay, it's going to take a year or two maybe to get back in the playoffs.
And it's like, no, they're like way ahead of schedule already.
It's crazy.
It's insane.
Remember Babcock?
He basically told people, like, relax, take it easy.
I think his exact words were, this is going to be painful.
Yeah.
A painful process.
And it was.
And they got that top overall pick.
And they're way ahead of schedule.
And you know what?
Fun don't walk.
That's what it is.
I mean, five years ago,
the idea of me looking on the standings,
the schedule to see when the Maple Leafs are on,
I'm going to put them on, was laughable.
But now you seek them out.
Oh, no.
It's like a fighter that you know
is going to throw punches and take punches.
You want to see that guy box.
Absolutely.
And they're slowly going to turn into
a free agent destination again.
Because for the past few years,
it's kind of like, stay away from Toronto.
You're going to get eaten alive if you go there.
Everyone saw what happened to Kessel. So you don't
want to go there. But now... No pun intended.
Now, you know, you got that young talent. It's like,
why not? Why not go play with
Austin Matthews and Mitch Marner? Well, that's going to be the John Tavares
conversation now. Yeah. I mean, that really is.
Yeah. And if you're him, it's like,
all right, man. I love this team. I love being
here. But, you know, I'm taking an
hour and a half ride to practice every day with traffic and the arena.
I don't even know.
How do you build an arena, by the way, in this day and age and not have it set up for any potential thing?
It was almost like the person didn't know about hockey who designed the arena.
It's amazing.
It really is.
The owner's Russian, too.
Isn't he Russian?
You'd think he'd know this.
Yeah.
You'd think he'd know this by now.
But just the whole idea. Like, you know, those arenas for, I mean, 60 years now, they Russian? You'd think he'd know this. Yeah. You'd think he'd know this by now. But just the whole idea.
Like, you know, those arenas, I mean, 60 years now, they're all-purpose arenas.
They are.
Basketball, hockey, concerts, circus.
And to have that set up for hockey, it was mind-boggling.
That's a terrible situation.
And I think also, I mean, you've got to surround this guy with some talent.
Yeah.
I mean, he's been elevating.
You know, it's funny.
I always think of John DeVere as the way I used to think of Jason Kidd when he played for the Nets.
You know, Kenyon Martin, Richard Jefferson.
It's like, hey, play with this guy for a few years.
You'll get a max deal somewhere else.
Yeah, cash in.
You may not be worth the max deal when you go there, but play with John Tavares for a few years.
Don't worry.
Your points, they're going to be just ballooning.
And you'll cash in.
Someone else will take you.
Pozo.
Look at a Pozo.
Exactly.
Then you're going to go somewhere and like, oh, Tavares isn't next to you.
Yeah, exactly. a Pozo. Exactly. Then you're going to go somewhere and like, oh, Tavares isn't next to you. Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
When you're riding shotgun with a talented guy, you've got to make him a lot of money.
That's why we always bust Whitney's balls about, we call it the Sid Crosby money that
he has.
He admits it too, though.
Well, hey.
I think he was number eight on the list of points that guys who were on Sid Crosby's
point list.
That helped him get to 1,000.
That helped him get to 1,000.
Yeah, Whitney was like number eight.
It's pretty impressive.
It is.
You did some Tour de France stuff, too.
I did.
Did you know anything about cycling before that,
or did you have to really brush up?
That was the hardest thing.
Easily the hardest thing.
And that's a fan base that puts the hockey fan base to shame
in terms of like, you don't know what you're talking about,
and I'm going to be on top of you immediately.
I can see that, though, because they seem like they're kind of, cyclists are kind of snarky.
This is our thing.
This is it.
You know, and I think there's this idea that, you know, like hockey fans in many ways like
want other people to appreciate hockey.
I think cycling fans are okay with like, this is ours.
Yeah.
Like this is just for us and that's okay.
And so, I mean, I knew the basics, but I mean, that this is just for us and that's okay and uh so i mean i
knew the basics but i mean that's like in may was that's like learning a foreign language uh and
then yeah i mean i wouldn't even people who are fluent in it begin i mean i i'm lucky i could
ride a bike let alone describing you know the different legs until i mean i hardest hardest
thing i've ever done is it really no kidding easily because uh you're talking about and you
travel with the tour.
So you travel.
It's a mobile set that goes near the finish.
So if it's on- That's kind of tiring.
Yeah, if it's a summit finish in the Alps, you're going all the way up there.
And then you're doing a show.
You're there all day.
You do the post, you get in the car, and you travel.
So I think it's something like uh 21 cities in 23 days wow
yeah now was it like an open secret among the media that everybody's cheating in that thing
or is it like just not you know i was well it's funny like so i'm you know post lance post all
that and there was at that time like this big effort especially with like a bunch of the american
teams like to like be out front of everything
and sort of say, we are clean.
Let me show you how clean we are.
But that being said, it's constant.
Throughout the tours, throughout the ones that I covered,
every few days there's more news.
There's breaking news.
And luckily, for the most part, the winners and the guys near the top of the field for me
were not involved in that, and I didn't have to deal with it as much.
But it is.
I mean, let's face it.
That's the sport, and it's going to hang over.
Right.
It just is.
It's like part of the sport now.
Go ahead, Greg.
No, you go.
Circling back to hockey, this next season coming up, Las Vegas opens up shop.
How successful do you think they'll be?
I think personally that Vegas is a city that should have had a sports team a long time ago.
Do you think hockey's going to do well out there or what?
I've been talking to a few people about this because I was skeptical.
I really was.
I mean, you know, it's not a massive city.
It's not like the NFL either where you're just like, hey, we have eight home games and we can rely just on road fans.
I mean, if you know your team's playing in Vegas, you'll book a year in advance, take
the trip.
But the people I spoke to were, like, surprisingly optimistic.
Like, they really think this is going to work for a little while.
Now, I think it's like any other team in that, and not any other team, because, I mean, in
certain cities in Canada, you're going to sell, regardless.
Right, right.
But if you're bad, and you're in Vegas, that could be a problem.
Yeah, definitely.
I mean, there's a lot of transplants there that I think will help out Northeast transplants,
whether it's going to be consistent.
But I know the thing is, well, they've got to be good.
They've got to be competitive.
But they said the same thing to the Florida Panthers, and they went to the Cup in 96.
Three years later, there was 3,000 people in the arena.
Now, I know Miami is probably the worst sports city in America,
so that probably has a lot to do with it.
But they do need to be sort of successful off the bat.
I think definitely they need to be successful.
Now, I think, listen, that's in Sunrise also.
It's not like in South Beach, that arena.
So for making a big trip, I don't know if that's really on your radar or your map.
I think if you're a hockey fan, I think it will benefit in some way for people like,
I'm going to travel, I'm going to travel.
I'm going to see my team.
And it'll get a bump from that.
Yeah.
But again, they've got to win.
And it doesn't have to be right away, but there has to at least be this idea of,
and I think the nice thing about hockey is usually that does happen.
Right, right.
Go a few years, the parity there is in the league, you're sneaking into an eight seed.
Exactly, yeah.
And if that happens.
Anything can happen.
Hey, listen, I'm looking forward to it.
I'm with you. It's about time. Yeah. And if that happens- Anything can happen. Hey, listen, I'm looking forward to it. I'm with you.
It's about time.
Yeah.
Isn't it?
It's going to be fun.
Yeah.
I just wish they went with a different name.
I know the owner was hung up on the night stuff.
I mean, you're in the desert.
You got all these crazy animals and vistas.
I mean, there's so many other things you could do.
We've been tinkering with having a bureau out there that we just put Roenick in.
Roenick in Vegas.
That'd be awesome.
Yeah.
That needs to be a podcast, Roenick in Vegas.
We've been tinkering.
It's something that I've floated that no one else has thought was a good idea.
You're making your own devious plans.
Yeah, exactly.
Now, do you think the ultimate plan for the NHL is to have, I mean,
it seems obvious, 32 teams, 16 in each conference.
I mean.
You're just waiting for all these kind of chips to fall into place?
I guess.
I mean, I think the idea is they certainly, you know,
I think a lot of us were wondering about Arizona for a while. And, you know, if that was going to stay. Shouldn't
we still be wondering about that? Yeah. I mean, well, just when you stop wondering, news breaks
and makes you think twice. But yeah, I mean, it's got to be that way. You have to even up
these conferences. Right. I mean, it's, you know, just by the numbers.
While maintaining the geography as well.
Yeah, well, that would be helpful as well.
Right.
I mean, and that hasn't, listen, that's happened in all sports where you start adding teams
and you put them into strange conferences.
Well, like, remember the Atlanta Falcons were in the NFC West for, like, 30 years.
Yeah.
Old school.
Yeah, I know.
And you can see the Milwaukee Brewers were in the AL East.
Yeah, aren't the Pelicans in the West in the NBA?
Yeah, they are.
I mean, it's just for travel purposes.
Yeah, exactly.
It's brutal.
But, you know, it's Jersey Day here at Barstool offices.
You know, a bunch of jerseys out there.
Me and R.A. were talking a little before about, you know, some crazy throwback jerseys.
Just jerseys and NHL jerseys in general.
If I gave you an unlimited credit card right now, you could buy any jersey going back to the 1900s, since hockey started, with a player's name on the back.
Whose jersey are you taking?
Wow.
Good question.
Well, I feel like geography makes it so that I have to get an Islander.
I would have to go that way.
It's obviously going to be a Dynasty Islander.
Yeah.
I'd be tempted to go Billy Smith.
Yeah.
He was a lunatic.
Yeah.
Exactly.
For the novelty of it all, too.
Yeah.
But I think if I'm putting it on my wall, I mean, Orr would be right up there.
Yeah.
You know, he's got to be.
Actually, I think he only had his name on it for like a couple seasons.
Is that right?
Yeah.
I think he had one Bruin season when he actually had his name on it.
And then I don't even want to talk about the place he went after there.
It still stinks for us fellas in Boston.
Who would you put?
I've always been a big Ray Bork jersey guy.
As a kid, I collected his jerseys.
So maybe the jersey when Ray Bork switched and gave seven to Terry O'Reilly.
Phil Esposito.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
24, yeah.
24.
Yeah, you almost punched me.
Yeah, so when he gave it to Phil Esposito, you know, when he put on that 77.
So maybe that jersey.
I mean, I don't know other than that.
I have my, well, I could say it now because we're not live.
This guy right here.
I haven't put my jersey on yet, but it's 72 Barbier.
Yeah.
Because, I mean, I've told the story a million times.
My mother, my parents had season tickets, 72.
The Bruins clinched it at Madison Square Garden, but for the, I think, three or four games they played at the Garden. My mother, my parents had season tickets, 72. The Bruins clinched it at Madison Square
Garden, but for the, I think, three or four games they played at the Garden, my mother was out to
here with me. So I always tell people the last time they won the cup, I was in the Garden. I
had the ultimate obstructed view seats, but I was in the barn. So yeah, I mean, Bobbio, I didn't get
to see him play much, but he's just such a huge presence in Boston. What about you, Marina?
and play much, but he's just such a huge presence in Boston.
What about you, Marina?
See, that's so difficult for me, but being a Bruins fan,
all the Pooh Bear jerseys, I would just collect all of them. I hate those.
I'm not a fan of those.
I know they're going with different jerseys next year.
There's not going to be a third.
So if I could have my way, I would go back to those Pooh Bear jerseys.
Those would be sweet right now.
Wow.
I was not a big fan.
Not so much the yellow, but just the bear just looked like such a wuss.
Just like kind of half-smiling bear.
It's like we need some style like the 70 shoulder bear we had.
Yeah, I was never a big jersey guy anyway.
And I really own very few of them uh but i was actually a big
basketball guy growing up but the one jersey i have that i occasionally wear during the summer
if i go to the beach or something is i have a chris mullen usa basketball jersey oh that's
awesome so but it was similar like i wasn't uh i don't have quite that story but my dad went to
st john's uh my dad grew up in brook Mullen, Brooklyn guy, St. John's.
Legend.
My grandmother for a time lived basically next door in some senior's community to Mullen's grandmother.
So right when he was out and he was playing pro, we were getting stuff from Mullen, getting posters.
I had Golden State posters.
I was a Knicks fan.
Run TMC?
Love Mullen.
All right.
So actually, we're just going to talk about movies for a minute, but are you a huge, I
mean, is it a given you're a Slapshot fan or?
Yeah, no.
I mean, I'm absolutely a Slapshot fan.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We got to go, you know, we did this hometown hockey thing in.
Johnstown.
Yeah, exactly.
Johnstown, Pennsylvania, right.
Where they filmed all the actions.
The same arena, right?
Yeah.
Fantastic.
All right.
You went on a little rant about the Charlestown Chiefs earlier and Chief
Jersey. Stand on the jerseys real quick.
I did, yeah. Went on a little rant before you got in here.
I'm big on like Jersey policing.
When people get the Hanson
shirts and they actually have Hanson
written on the back of the shirt, it's like, no.
The point is, people are going to
know who it is. When you put Hanson on it,
it's like the McBain, that's the joke.
It's like you're beating it. It's like, no, they don't
have it in the movie and not anywhere in the movie
do they have their names on it. Why would you put it
on the jersey? I think that's a good question.
Are you calling them
out in bursts or is that just in your mind, you're angry?
I'm weird like that. Even
when someone gets a Rick Middleton
shirt, say, and they get it on the
Bruins shirt that they wore in the 1990s,
it's like, just get the old one.
You can do it.
If you're spending the money, don't put it on a jersey you never played with.
And then the other one, when the NHL 100, and they trotted out all the old guys, and
they had Warren, the modern day jersey, and a few other players.
It's like, come on, man.
Just spend the extra dough and get them in the real jersey.
I was pissed when I saw that.
How do you feel about people putting their own names on jerseys?
I'm not a fan of it. Is there an age limit on that?
Oh, God, yeah. There has to be.
You're okay, though?
No, you know where I saw that?
I'll tell you, the one arena I've been to where I
saw more people with their own names on jerseys,
I went to New Jersey.
I went to a Devils game years ago, and I think half
the arena had a name ending
in a vowel on the back of their jersey.
I heard in Chicago, everyone wears jerseys to games.
There's like 90 of the crowd is in a jersey.
I think that's absolutely the case.
And it's funny.
When they played Tampa Bay in the Stanley Cup final a few years back, in Tampa Bay, half that lower pole was Chicago.
Oh, Chicago, yeah.
But I think that's something that's very unique to hockey anyway. Yeah. People are in, whether it's Jersey or not, they're in gear. Oh, Chicago, yeah. But I think, you know what, I think that's something that's very unique to hockey anyway.
Yeah.
People are in, whether it's Jersey or not, they're in gear.
Oh, yeah.
They are in gear for a game.
They don't just show up, where or not I'm going to throw a sweater on you.
Yeah.
And that Chicago anthem, if it can ever be there, during the Cup, I was fortunate, and
I went to two games in the 2010 Cup as a fan.
And, I mean, I talk about it now, and I get the goosebumps talking about corners. It's amazing just the way the crowd cheers for it and stuff. It's quite a fan. And I mean, I talk about it now and I get the goosebumps talking about Cornish.
It's amazing just the way the crowd cheers for it and stuff.
It's quite a thing.
And before the show, we were talking, you're a big movie buff, and I was psyched to hear
that you could take some of my late night recommendations off of Twitter.
Absolutely.
Oscars are this weekend.
Who's your pick for best picture?
I haven't seen every single one of them, but I can tell you right now, I saw the movie
Moonlight, one of the best movies I've seen in years.
Okay.
Fantastic,
beautiful,
sad,
incredible acting.
It's,
you know,
I don't know
if it's like
the type of movie
you're going to go.
It's not like this,
you know,
big uplifting movie.
Right.
It's a lot of,
obviously,
depressing content.
I don't think it's
Manchester by the Sea depressing,
which is just hitting you with depression. I don't write it's Manchester by the Sea depressing, which is just hitting you
with depression.
I don't write movies like that.
See, I do.
It's so fantastic.
I cannot recommend that movie enough.
It was absolutely beautiful.
Like I mentioned earlier,
I'm so embarrassed
how far behind I am
with not seeing the nominees this year.
I've usually seen at least 75 of them,
but I do like movies that challenge you,
that take you out of your comfort zone,
and I think that's what movies should do yeah we all like a popcorn movie once a
while but you know sometimes movies big rom-com guy over here hey listen i got two little kids i
went and saw lego batman yesterday it's gonna be up for any awards but yeah it was fun i uh i'm
personally rooting for um hidden figures the nasa film because it was 20 to 1 i threw a couple bucks
on it it went down to like two to one. Of course. It's a long shot.
It's going to need to pull an upset, but it happened before.
I remember everyone thought Crash was going to win.
I'm sorry, Brokeback Mountain was going to win,
then Crash stole their time at the last minute.
I mean, he loves the long shots.
This is a guy that What was Moonlight at?
They were somewhere in between.
I think they might have been 10 or 12-1.
They weren't the favorite.
La La Land the favorite?
Oh, yeah.
Big favorite.
This is a guy that has bet on the Super Bowl going to overtime for the past 17 years.
Wow.
Finally hit it this year.
And you didn't give up this year.
Oh, no, no.
I finally popped that this year.
Yeah, I mean, if that chinchilla wants to find a rat outside and race it, I'd probably bet that.
I bet on the Sopranos ending.
I bet on the spelling.
You can bet on that? What's the bet on the Sopranos ending. You can bet on that?
What's the bet on the Sopranos ending?
This is actually kind of funny.
It was on one of my offshore sites.
And it was how will the Sopranos.
One of them.
The Sopranos, when it ends, what will the status of Tony Soprano be?
Will he be dead?
Will he be in jail?
Or will he still be acting boss?
So what happened was-
Was he any of those, though?
How it ends, you don't know.
Technically, when The Sopranos ends, he's still the acting boss.
True.
He hasn't been whacked yet.
We all know he got whacked.
If you watch it again, there's no doubt he gets whacked.
But when it ends, he's still alive.
But what happened was HBO cut up that last season into two separate seasons.
You remember that?
They did part one and part two.
Well, the offshore account tallied it after the first half,
so I had to call my guy.
And I'm like, buddy, they charged me for this thing.
I'm like, the Sopranos ain't over yet.
Now I'm trying to explain to my bookie, like, no,
HBO did this thing where they cut seasons because it had never been done before.
So I'm like, buddy, just don't cut me for the loss.
But the bet didn't end up getting tallied correctly.
Because I said, when it ends, he's still going to be in power.
So I ended up being right.
But yeah, I probably have a problem.
Yeah, but listen, if you're winning, well, that's the whole thing.
If you're winning, it's not a problem.
Yeah, you're on a hot streak lately.
I mean, you've been killing it lately.
Yeah, yeah.
Puck lines is where the action is.
If you're a hockey gambler, most of the lines are the money line.
You've got to put up more money.
But for the sake of an extra goal, you make way more money. I love the
puck line.
You talk about that the way I talk about
my children. You should see the look
on this guy's face right now. If you knew the money
he was bringing in, you'd probably be like,
I'm on it too.
Watch that. I don't think the IRS is listening.
I just mean in the sense of
you pick games that not everyone would
pick. Random 11 o'clock games in Edmonton.
It's like, I'm not betting that on the East Coast.
Okay, if you're getting that late night game, are you absolutely awake for the entire game?
Oh, hell no.
I probably watch less than 10 of the games I bet.
I don't bet to watch.
Like a lot of guys, Bill, I'm going to watch the game.
I'm going to bet the over.
Well, it makes the game you're watching interesting.
Yeah.
I bet to make money. Like I'm going to watch the game. I'm going to bet the over. It makes the game you're watching interesting. I bet to make money.
I'm going to try to make money.
Now, there's a lot of talk
that broadcasters
like yourself do
some gambling and it kind of
affects the way they
portray the game. You could say it.
Al Michaels.
Do you see that
happening a lot? I don't want you to throw people on the bus. So, you know, do you see that happening a lot? Or, I mean, I don't want you to be throwing people on the bus.
No, have I seen it?
Sure.
I don't know if everything I see is someone necessarily, like, throwing down on a game.
Yeah.
Or if they're just giving you a wink.
Yeah.
And, hey, listen, I'm in on it with you.
Yeah.
I know what you're going through.
Doesn't mean I'm necessarily going through it with you.
Right.
I think to some extent, like, if something crazy happens, I think we saw last year
there was a goal right off a draw
right near the end of the game. Right off a draw.
Just a
crazy goal and it pushed the over.
And if someone
told me that in the moment, I'm
broadcasting. Absolutely.
And it was one of those games where it's like
the outcome didn't really matter in the standings anyway.
That was literally what was interesting about the game.
So you don't get reprimanded by anyone for talking about
I think if you go out of your way.
Okay.
I do.
Shout out to
I also think  listen, I think it depends who you are and exactly how you're referencing it.
Right, right.
But no, I mean I think if it's clearly what's interesting about it and it's almost like you're avoiding it for the sake of avoiding it,
even though that's the conversation everyone at home is having.
I mean, years ago, I'll tell you one thing.
Do you remember the Duhan shot, Chris Duhan shot in NCAA tournament against UConn?
It was a half-court shot and it meant absolutely nothing.
He banked it in because UConn missed like one of two free throws.
And Duke still loses, but it kills the spread cover.
So I met Duan a few years back, and I had to ask him other questions,
but that was the only question.
I was like, when did you find out about that, and what did people say?
So I guess it had to be Final Four because it's one of those arenas.
It was in a dome, so they put guys in carts to send them to the media area.
So they put Duan in the cart, and he said the guy driving the cart turned around and said,
Oh, man, you're going to hear about it from a lot of people.
He's like, What are you talking about?
He's like, You just blew the cover.
Dope.
Yeah, he's like, It was instant that he heard about that.
Like he's not a Brazilian soccer player.
But, yeah, I remember that vividly
because I was in a house with people
like I was young
and there were people who obviously had money
and it just destroyed them.
I mean, because there's some kids
that don't even,
especially as a college athlete,
I know a lot of college athletes gamble,
but I mean, there's some kids
that don't even think about it.
Yeah.
I think too, a big fact about hockey
is football and gambling,
they're intertwined.
It goes hand in hand.
If you were to somehow
overnight eradicate gambling, then I'd love
to see the football ratings the next day. I think a lot
of people would be going out, you know, pumpkin patches
and going out and doing things with their
family, but hockey gambling, it's
like 2 of Vegas' haul, so I don't
think there's that connection. I don't think it's as
big, and I think it's different. I mean, I think fantasy
football is essentially, I mean, listen,
you're in it. I mean, you're in a league with your
buddies. It doesn't make a difference.
There's something on the line.
You a big fantasy football guy?
I'm in the same league for 10 years, and it's good enough for me.
Yeah, it's like shits and giggles with your buddies.
Exactly, and listen, we have fun, trophy.
Talk shit.
Yeah, exactly.
It's perfect for me.
I don't need anything else.
I don't need to be on the waiver wire like 2 in the morning.
I'm big into the daily fantasy now rather than doing fantasy teams.
Because daily fantasy, if someone tears their ACL, you're not screwed out of 200 that you played for the league.
Yeah, I think that's fair. But again, you're young. You have time.
That's fair, but again, I think that's, you're young.
You have time.
Yeah. Yeah, dilly-dally.
Like, you're not getting up and trying to find Daniel Tiger on PBS
while two kids are screaming for Daniel Tiger to come on PBS,
and he's not on right at that moment.
Thank him, he's not on!
Oh, that's hilarious.
So any other things you want to, Maureen, any other stuff you have for Liam?
I just wondered, outside of hockey, like, what's your favorite event you've ever covered?
Like, I know you've done the Olympics.
What was your personal favorite?
I would say the Olympics is definitely that.
And for two reasons.
I mean, I love the summer games because I'm a huge summer Olympics fan.
I grew up with that.
My dad was a runner and a track coach, so it's phenomenal.
And actually, this year, I had one day off of the Olympics.
One day.
And I knew it in advance.
It was the second to last day of coverage.
And it was the day that they played for the gold medal in men's soccer.
And so I took that day off and I actually got to go to that game.
And that was phenomenal.
But covering and being at, I was at the Winter Olympics in Sochi.
And I was there when the U.S. played Russia.
And T.J. Oshie put that show on.
And that was the most amazing thing, especially like hostile crowd.
You're there.
Putin was in the building.
It was amazing.
I was at the bar in Celtic, and it was nuts.
930 in the morning, the place was packed.
Everybody was pie-eyed.
And I just wanted to say before we go,
wish Whitney could have been here for the interview.
I know he's a big fan of yours.
And any funny stories, we love to ask And, you know, any funny stories?
You know, we love to ask most of our guests.
Any funny stories about wit, you know, covering wit in your time, you know?
Anything along those lines?
I unfortunately do not have any of those.
I would like to.
Nothing you can tell us on it yet.
Yeah, I mean, but.
You guys will have your own memories to create as big TV guys.
I think eventually, you know, we'll get there.
Don't worry about it because, I mean, I think it's one of the beautiful things about hockey
also where, like, those guys have the best stories.
Just the greatest stories.
Unbelievable.
And you guys at NBC have been really pulling, like, some great, I mean, Brian Boucher's
been great.
Yeah.
Anson Cotter's been great.
You're finding these guys who are good at it.
I mean, a lot of guys, they try it and they're not really good at it, but you're finding
some talent back there.
good at it. I mean, a lot of guys, they try it and they're not really good at it, but you'll find some
talent back there. One
other question. We'll get ready to wind it
up here. Why doesn't NBC do
a Saturday night hockey game? I know
the ratings might not be the greatest, but
there's nothing on Saturday
night. NBC's really not putting anything
on. It just seems like an opportunity
hockey night in America like they do
a hockey night in Canada, and they don't do it.
Why is that? I know it's not your call, but... Listen, exactly. I mean hockey night in Canada, and they don't do it. Why is that? You know what?
I know it's not your call.
Listen, exactly.
I mean, it's not  and I'm sure it's people crunch the numbers.
Right. And they just decide that that's not it.
I'm sure it's nothing.
I'll tell you right now.
If they thought this is going to be great and we're going to make money,
a lot of people are going to watch, they would absolutely do it.
But I think they see Sunday night as that.
And we do have a nice thing where, you know, listen,
they own Sunday night football.
Right. I mean, it's incredible what they do with it the numbers are insane astounding right that ends the playoffs and for football and we kind of take over now sunday night right and
obviously we're not getting that kind of you know response from the audience but we're getting a
good audience i like the sunday nights uh saturday night i don't know. I think Saturday night's a tough sell.
People go out.
People go out.
It's just the way it is.
It is funny.
My demographic, me and Marina, we're not watching Saturday night games.
Yeah.
We're not watching TV anymore.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, that's another thing.
And it's different, too.
I mean, you think back 25, 30 years ago, Saturday night used to be good shows on Saturday night.
Yeah.
And now it's like the TV wasteland.
Yeah, exactly.
If there's something good that is on Saturday night, it just quickly moves to another night.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, I think that probably about wraps it up, if anybody else.
Liam, honestly, we're honored you came in to not only all the way in the city, but stay
as long as you did.
It's been fantastic.
We can't say thank you enough.
Guys, I'm glad you had me.
It was awesome.
All right.
Maybe we could do it again sometime.
That'd be great.
Yeah, thanks, man.
Yeah.
Glad you had me.
It was awesome.
All right.
Maybe we can do it again sometime.
That'd be great.
Yeah, thanks, Sam.
So far in 2017, Forbes and Podcast One have already launched three highly acclaimed shows.
The interview with Steve Bertone features the business world's most interesting names,
like Adam Carolla, Twitter founder Sean Rad, and Hollywood's own Jessica Alba. So I spent a lot of my childhood in hospital and hospital beds.
Under 30 with Steve Goldblum talks to the movers and shakers
like Nation Builder CEO Jim Gilliam
and NFL big game winner Martellus Bennett.
Guys are afraid to be themselves because of their marketing deal.
And the list with Art of Charms Jordan Harbinger.
We'll get behind-the-scenes insight and information
that doesn't make the print cut.
Next up, Sports Money with Mike Ozanian
talking to team owners, athletes, and industry leaders
about the enterprise and money behind supreme athletic competition.
Forbes on Podcast One.
Not just entertaining, informative.
Subscribe now at iTunes, and don't forget to rate, review, and share.
