Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to The Deuce, episode 200 of Spitt chiclets presented by pink whitney the pink lemonade
flavored vodka from our friends at new amsterdam vodka and we got some more big news about the
whit dog coming to you in a little bit we're gonna say hi to the boys first let's go to biz
first mix it up a tad what's going on biz nasty where you at these days that looks like your usual
homestead yeah i'm in arizona just got off uh judging judging Arizona's Got Talent. Not a big deal. Fucking Yo-Yo Kid was buzzing. Got him the first prize, 2K cash. Congratulations to Yo-Yo Kid. And yeah, I'm just tanning out in the desert, buddy. Just trying to keep my color.
Looking good, looking good. Next up, our producer, Mike E. Grinelli, hanging out with the Gronk Man down at BSS headquarters this week. What's up, brother?
hanging out with the Gronk Man down at BSS headquarters this week.
What's up, brother?
Yeah, what a week seeing Gronk and Barstool headquarters just teeing up one-timers from Marty Mush.
That's definitely something I didn't plan to see when I woke up that morning.
But what's up, boys? I'm ready for a good show today.
Absolutely. We do have all that good.
Part two with Sean Burke is coming to you a little later.
Biz interviewed him a while back. Some great goalie insight.
And last but not least, our boy Ryan, has some major news. He was on the
course all day. Whitdog, take it away.
Just a long day on the
course. Great to talk to you guys. And
before I really get going, there'll be
the occasional person out there. I'd like to call
him a pigeon right now. Oh,
more golf talk on the hockey.
Shut up. Oh, we want
to hear division breakdowns of the match.
No, you're going to listen to my golf.
Okay.
So today was a special day.
It was qualifying for the U.S. four ball.
Layman's terms, non-golf nerds terms.
It's you and your partner.
You go out.
Best score on the whole is your team score.
There's a bunch of qualifiers all across the country.
There's one in Newport, Rhode Island today we went down to.
We played in the Newport National U.S. 4-ball qualifier.
Great time.
So you always think, you look at the field, a lot of good players in there,
and you think of a number, you got to shoot.
But you still got to go hole by hole.
We were like seven unders getting in, six under, you know,
probably was a playoff.
That's what we were saying before.
I'll go quickly.
We birdied one.
It was a par five.
We both hit irons right at the pin.
Just easy little two putt.
So, no worries, one under.
Next hole, I ship one 500 yards out of bounds to the left, boys.
I'm talking just a snap hook, disgusting swing.
What does my partner do?
He's now, he's all on his own.
He stripes one down the middle.
He hits it on the green.
Great two putt par.
I birdie the second hole.
We make a bunch of pars.
We make a bunch of pars.
We make a bunch of pars.
All of a sudden, my partner, he gets all fired up.
Now, this kid, Andrew DeRamio, I call him Drew moving forward,
he putts one-handed.
He's a great player.
Played in three U.S. mid-ams.
Golf nerds will know what I'm talking about there.
Just a hell of a stick.
So he just gets this look in his eye on eight, par five.
I'm in for par.
He's on two.
Got a nice eagle putt.
Runs the thing way past. Makes a 10-footer
for birdie. We get to three under. All right, we're buzzing. We're on the ninth hole now.
We both pound, pound driver on nine. We're looking 90 yards up at the hole. Just a beautiful shot,
and this kid stuffs one to a foot. Literally just go up and tap it in before anyone else goes.
We're 400 through nine. We're loving life. We go on 10 nice pars. We go on 11. My partnerships went out of bounds. So it's on the wit now.
I rip one down there. I actually rip a great second shot, like pin high, almost
flub the chip, chip, make par kind of disappointing par, but with him in his pocket,
it was, it was meaningful. We then go on when my partner's upset he was out of the
last hole he stuffs another one to a foot we're five under through 11 uh through 12 13 he makes
a great par i was i was in for bogey shitty shitty shot by me still we're at five under 14 i hit the
most beautiful fucking drive five wood up to the green 56060-yard par five up the hill. I got a nice little chip that I run by for eagle about eight feet for birdie.
My partner's about 12 feet for birdie.
I go first.
He's like, hey, you're, you know, mine was the easier putt.
I was like, dude, just go make yours, and if you miss, I'll make mine.
What do I do?
I fucking miss.
Feeling the biggest loser in the world.
You know, he does cans it.
Thank you.
600 through 14.
15, dude, I hit my drive maybe 100 yards. I had to have the par three next hole for some weight while I hit. I was trying to gun
like the gun is like the range. I was trying to see how far my caddy was from the pin. I figured
it was 230 downwind. I rip a four iron that lands like 30 yards short, runs up, and I make a nice
two-putt. My partner was in trouble.
So it was a miraculous par.
It was,
it was a great par.
So now we're on 16.
We're six under my partner's in trouble in for bogey,
220 yard par three.
I hit four iron.
I got about 40 feet.
I leave it 10 feet short.
We now know six unders the number six under you're probably in,
and at least in a playoff.
Where,
where did you catch wind of this via text or so you start checking the phones dude i don't even
know if that's allowed but i already got my fucking invitation today so i'll be
there in may and not to give the story away so i have
i got 10 feet dude i got 10 feet we gotta stay at six under right i got 10
feet i can this thing too just a beautiful
big time but looking back on that what a putt with god so we stay at
six under we fucking high five each other so friggin hard 17 is a pretty hard dog leg left
460 or 440 to 460 my partner hits it Drew hits it left. He's got this crazy stance.
We can already tell it's not in the bunker.
It's right above in the grass.
I kind of screwed.
I pipe one bombs away.
Witty 150 out.
I'm sitting in the fairway.
All of a sudden, this guy, this older guy from the Rhode Island Golf Association,
they're helping out the USGA or whatever they do comes over.
What are you guys at?
I'm like, what the fuck?
Like, that's not like, I don't know.
I'm somewhat new to this.
It's kind of not kosher unless he like needed to know the scores,
but I don't know why they would.
Either way, I'm like, whoa, what just happened there?
And you don't want to jinx yourself either.
Yeah, exactly.
And it was more just like, we know what's going on.
Like, there's not live scoring.
Like, why is he kind of asking?
He's a good dude.
It was just a weird timing kind of thing.
Dude, I'm in between clubs.
I end up hitting an 8-iron.
We think it's playing like 155, whatever.
I chunk it to the right.
I miss it short right, short side myself.
Not even pin high.
So right now you hate this guy's guts. I actually wasn't thinking about right. I miss it short right, short side myself, not even pin high. So right now you hate this guy's guts.
I actually wasn't thinking about him.
I wasn't.
I was more talking about it after.
I was just so mad at myself because Drew had already
he had already punched one kind of long right.
He was in trouble, and then it was up to me, dude.
It was up to me, and I fucking hit a bad eight iron.
So I chip up, and honestly, I chipped it to 20 feet.
I don't know if i could
have got it side 15 i was like short side of downslope it was just we were both screwed
drew misses his par pod he had hit one to like 30 feet so it's up to me 20 feet i lip it out i
thought i was making it dude i thought i had it i lipped the thing out we go back to five under it's
just like we didn't really say anything, but I walked ahead.
I was furious.
I was like, we have to birdie 18.
I go, Drew, you're going to birdie the 18th hole.
You're going to pound your driver down the middle.
You're going to then stuff a wedge to like 12 feet.
You're going to can it.
I hit a great drive.
Just catches the fairway bungalow.
Just didn't carry like three yards.
I know I'm going in depth.
So I'm kind of like 130 in a fairway bunker. Not great. He pipes one. He must've hit it. Three 10 murders this
thing. I ended up hitting a shot short of the green. I'm like, dude, this is it. This is what
you were born to do. He stuffs one to 12 feet. Like just what I said, I hit one up to about five
feet. I'm like, you want me to go? He's like, you want me to get the par?
I'll make this.
He's like, no, don't even worry about it. I go behind him.
This kid reads it.
Our caddy, Derek, who always caddies for me, the man,
he was on both of our bags all day.
Drew steps up, one-handed, the one-armed bandit,
captain action, and fucking cans this thing.
Get the fuck out of here.
The ballsiest, biggest pot.
Dude, this guy got an unreal picture of his pot. It is phenomenal.
Just rolling it in, needing birdie to get into this tournament. We thought, and he does it just
the ballsiest thing. I was, it was awesome. I was, I was so happy for him. So happy for myself.
And we go in now it's the waiting game. There's a team that's eight under. There's now two teams in at six under. There's three spots.
You're getting three spots out of 64 teams.
So we're waiting.
We're waiting.
We're waiting.
We get word that the last group, the last foursome,
are both six under on 18T.
We're like, oh, my God.
Get the fuck out of here.
So we're looking at a playoff four for two spots.
The eight under is already in.
Jesus Christ.
We go watch them play 18.
I'm like, dude, we're going to go watch these fucking two,
both birdie and knock us out.
Both teams had, like, 25 feet, and they both missed.
On to a playoff four spots for four teams for two spots.
So the eight-under's in.
Now there's four six-unders.
Two of them are getting their ticket punched.
Playoff hole, dude.
It's starting to get dark.
Everyone pars the first hole in the playoff
four teams move on to two we're playing in two foursomes they wouldn't they didn't send us out
as eight the second playoff hole me and drew were in the first two so we go out we both hit it to
like 10 feet dude like awesome shots and we both miss i'm like oh i couldn't i couldn't i was so
confident over this pot i couldn't believe i missed I did. We then watch a team behind us bogey.
One team's gone.
We now got three teams for two spots.
They then put us together.
It's fucking pitch black, dude.
They got the Marshalls out there in front of the hazard.
It's like 265 to a hazard, uphill par four.
The Marshalls are out there saying, we got it.
We can't even see the ball, dude.
We shouldn't even have teed off, but we would have to stay over like tonight do it tomorrow morning whatever well what happens one team this guy like
hits a really bad t-shirt he's kind of out of the hole his partner then hits one in a fairway
bunker he's got uphill 180 over like hazard and he ends up hitting it in the shit so they were gone
and then a team rolled in a birdie putt and the guy did have a putt for bogey but
i got up and down from the sand.
Drew made a great two-putt.
We're on with the par.
We're into the tournament.
So just a crazy day.
We played with these two kids that were awesome.
One went to Clemson.
I remember where Nick went.
Two awesome dudes.
So Derek and Nick, thank you for a great day.
They shot 400.
They were 500 through 900.
A lot of golf talk, but a special thing to be going to a USGA event next May,
and I'm supremely fired up right now i gotta ask one question was the team who got eliminated
because it got so dark and they they didn't hit good t shots were they a little pissed off and
could they like so like you you could have had like somewhat of a complaint that was the second
playoff hole but one kid just pulled his drive i guess he went in the trees and was gone and then
his buddy hit it to like 30 feet above the hole,
but you got a two-putt and you're the only one out there.
You got no partner.
And he actually three-putted it.
So that knocked him out.
So it was kind of like shitty for them.
I mean, they could maybe say it was dark,
but we had already all played the hole.
Fuck.
All right, buddy.
Well, congratulations.
Thank you very much.
So a lot of golf this winter coming up,
playing some tournaments, get ready for May. So I appreciate you boys pushing back tonight's episode because it was a
long day we had to wait around forever before that playoff no problem and to elaborate um guys on that
uh arizona's got talent is i don't know this this lady wanted to start this competition here to like
show off the talent there that there is in arizona so i got picked by the coyotes to go be a celebrity
judge it was actually a good time there was like like 11 12 year olds getting up there singing that there is in Arizona. So I got picked by the Coyotes to go be a celebrity judge.
It was actually a good time.
There was like 11, 12-year-olds getting up there singing, dancing, and that's where this kid, this young kid named Hunter,
15th-ranked yo-yo player, or what would you call it, a yo-yoer?
They ranked him?
Well, he went to the world championships,
and he got ranked 15th in the world.
That's going to be an Olympic sport soon.
Oh, it should be.
You should have seen this kid buzzing.
If you guys didn't catch it out on my Instagram story,
I'm going to send, what's his name, Grinelli,
I'll send you the clip.
You can post it.
Maybe you could, maybe not.
Maybe no one gives a shit about Yo-Yo Kid.
But who knows?
There could be some diehards out there.
A huge weekend in Canada, though, Biz, this weekend, huh?
With no hockey.
Bianca, is it Andre Escu?
Andre Escu, I know it's a Romanian-sounding name,
the first ever Canadian to win a tennis Grand Slam in the U.S. Open.
I felt like the entirety of Canada was watching the match.
Oh, everybody was so pumped.
I mean, Canada's been on a good roll here.
I mean, they basically won the Stanley Cup.
What was there, 20 Canadians on the St. Louis Blues?
Settle down, settle down.
And then they brought home the NBA championship to Toronto,
and then all of a sudden this.
So she's been on quite the roll.
I think she won the Rogers Cup as well,
which is kind of like the the
quote-unquote fifth grand slam because it's the the tournament that they have in canada which
draws a lot of big names on the men's and women's side and i believe that was the one where she won
when uh when the williams sister is it is it serena serena is the one still kicking ass yeah
yeah she uh she got hurt in the, and then she ended up winning that.
So this one was a little bit better because Serena ended up playing
the full match, and she ended up winning the crown.
So congratulations to her.
How about her quote?
What was the hardest thing out there?
And she's like, the crowd or something like that.
Basically, she's like, I'm sorry.
Yeah, she apologized.
She was disappointed in the crowd on not letting the American win.
So that was funny.
But an incredible moment, though.
Her first WS Open, and she beats the best player of her era.
So it was pretty cool.
And then I don't know if you guys know the package.
Best player ever.
But the men's final with Rafa versus Medvedev,
that was one of the most incredible matches I've ever seen.
I don't know if you just watched it.
I watched the highlights, but it was one of those like, you know
NHL games the next day has like
six-minute highlight package. So it was like an
in-depth one. And I was like,
I can't believe I didn't see this entire match.
The one point he won that he
laid down or I don't remember
exactly how it ended, but it was one of the best,
longest rallies I've ever seen. Just incredible
get after get. And
I wish I saw the whole thing, but just seeing it after,
it blew me away.
Did you catch it all live?
Pretty much.
I mean, he was down 2-0 to Rafa.
I mean, he tried to come battle back, tied it up,
and he almost took the, you know, I think he almost went up 3-1
on that last set, or 3-2-1 or whatever.
And then, you know, I don't know the proper terminology,
but Rafa kind of woke up.
He kind of psyched the crowd up, got fired up.
Just unreal.
I know we're talking about Tennessee.
It's pretty funny, but it was a thrilling weekend though hey i'm not the
biggest tennis fan either and for whatever reason i caught myself watching a lot of this tournament
on both sides of women's and the men's that nadal i don't know if it was just a match i watched but
he is a he is an entertainer yeah like he's jumping around and fist bumping and he's playing
to the crowd and that the match i watched was the one that Tiger Woods was attending too.
So, like, he was getting Tiger Woods fired up.
And, you know, I mean, fucking Tiger Woods is the greatest golfer of all time.
He's just going to a tennis match.
He didn't think he'd be popping off.
But it was very cool.
And I think I'd have to pick him as my favorite tennis player over Federer
or Djokovic or any of those other guys just because of how big of a showman he is.
Whether it's golf, tennis, so many athletes from Spain, the Spaniards,
they just add some pizzazz to it.
Oh, yeah.
They have some serious flair, dude.
Seve Ballesteros.
You think also, like, whatever he does to stay in shape,
I would love to know his in-depth body, like, routine
in terms of weightlifting and whatever he's doing
because he doesn't look like he's getting older.
Tennis, usually, you don't play that long.
Like, they've kind of federed him.
They've changed the game of being around for a long time.
I mean, think of how hard that is.
What was it, four and a half hours, that match?
Close to five, yeah.
Dude, stops and starts. Like, that is. What was it? Four and a half hours, that match? Close to five, yeah. Stops and starts.
Like, that is hard on your body.
So the way he stays in shape,
how his career being, I think,
thought of as not as great.
Is Federer considered better than him?
I don't know.
Nadal's younger, and he's got 19 majors.
Federer's got 20.
So he's going to catch him and probably pass him.
Oh, it's only one different now, huh?
Yeah, Nadal's been buzzing um but I don't know I mean pick your poison I think we've we've witnessed the greatest era of tennis ever with with what three four guys at the helm it's
unfortunate that the English guy uh Ray's a Ray hates recency You know, as a guy who grew up watching Jimmy Connors, Bjorn Borg,
John McEnroe, Vitus, Garolaitis, those guys, I mean, those are,
I was going to say, that was arguably the best.
We just talked about Nadal and Thing being the two top major winners ever,
and they're still playing.
So I wouldn't consider that.
I'm just throwing the conversation in.
That's what I try to get those guys to do.
That's all.
Hey, that McEnroe, though, I mean,
imagine one of those guys had that much fucking fire in them.
Then for sure we would be in the greatest era.
No debate.
But who's this other guy who's coming in from Australia
who's just an asshole?
I'm not sure.
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
Oh, you don't know this asshole tennis player from Australia?
He just, like, breaks rackets, throws fits.
Oh, I want to YouTube him.
Oh, I wish I could think of his name.
Everyone's going to be tweeting at us,
but we should probably get to a sport other
or we should probably get to a sport that our podcast is designated to.
Should we not?
I was going to say, Biz, it wasn't all good up north this week
as we had a referee assault during a kids' three-on-three tournament.
I'm not laughing because of the assault, but just an incredible transition.
Thanks, buddy.
Per the CBC, one Canadian man is already facing assault charges
and another soon could be after a reported verbal spat
between a 10-year-old hockey player and a referee escalated. is already facing assault charges and another soon could be after a reported verbal spat between
a 10-year-old hockey player and a referee escalated. Police say that at the end of the
three-on-three youth hockey game on Sunday, a 10-year-old player got into an argument with a
51-year-old referee. The referee told the boy to leave the ice, but the insolence escalated when
the boy allegedly struck the referee twice
with his stick.
The official then pushed the 10-year-old down.
That's when all hell broke loose.
Adults came on the ice.
I'm sure you saw the clip.
The ref took a beating.
He wasn't charged with anything.
Whit, I see you jumping to the bit here.
What do you got to say?
Come to my house and take me out in handcuffs and press charges,
but I am beating the wheels off of my son if he ever yells
at a referee when he's 10 years old i don't give a shit dude these guys are doing it for free you're
10 years old shut up this kid must be the biggest punk in the world i wish the ref punched him i
honestly wish the ref dummied the kid dude if you're that young yelling at a ref you're a piece
of shit i mean mean, yeah.
I'm just going to sit this one out.
Okay.
Well, I'm fucking put it on record, dude.
That kid's a piece of shit.
I don't care how young he is.
For sure.
Yell at these fucking guys.
Listen, I don't know what happened exactly, but yes, if your 10-year-old is yelling at an official at a three-on-three tournament,
you're taking it that seriously?
Correct, Whit.
I would have definitely something to say to my kid if he's talking to someone who's volunteering their time
or making 10 an hour refereeing your punk ass.
And having said all that, we just heard the story from Rear Admiral.
Who knows?
Maybe the guy actually was the one that was at fault,
and the kid's kind of like protecting himself, screaming.
I don't know.
We don't know the story.
If this kid's yelling at him like over a call or something,
then get him out of my face.
I mean, but honestly, like if you're a 51-year-old ref
and a fucking kid's hitting you with a stick, I mean, like, yeah,
he's on pads.
You're going to probably push him.
But at the same time, don't you have a right to defend yourself?
Yes.
Dude, if some 10-year-old's whacking you with a stick,
10's old enough
to know like i can at least yeah but that brings the debate like if if a girl started throwing
punches at me i i would probably just different i would just go in the other direction yeah that's
yeah we're talking about a kid with a hockey stick i mean i mean that's a pretty good comparison a
grown woman to a 10 year old boy like i mean i mean, I'm, I'm not going to, I'm personally Paul Bissonette. If a 10 year old is yelling at me,
I'm going to probably laugh and look around like,
where the fuck is this guy's old man. But you know, if he starts,
if he starts hitting me, I'm probably just going to go sprint the other way.
I'm not going to, I'm not going to fucking deck this kid in the face.
So a little bit of yin and yang and the old great white North this week for
the, for the biz man, but some good news for the Chicklets boys.
I know at Boston we have a NASCAR car we're sponsoring,
and I'm not sure if you guys saw the tweet,
but the Chicklets logo right on a NASCAR car, I guess.
And I never would have thought when I first drew the Alabama Leprechauns
Canadian cousin that it would have been featured on a NASCAR event,
but here we are, boys.
What a wild scene, huh, seeing Chicklets on the fucking side of a NASCAR vehicle.
So who's this Guido guy?
I mean, I know he's an up-and-comer on the NASCAR circuit,
and I think it's a wise move by Barstool to get involved in the NASCAR game
because of how big and popular it is, and those events are a blast, I hear.
I have Canadian buddies who go down to michigan to go to that that one race
and they say it's just a riot four-day party yeah i got invited one of the races ryan ellis he's a
big chiclets fan he actually invited me up to the new hampshire international speedway this summer
but i you know plans i couldn't swing it couldn't make it timing wise but i i do hear it's a great
time especially the tailgating scene is a pretty wild one. I've been to one. It was down in Charlotte
for my buddy's bachelor party.
I thought it was brutal, but
I guess that's like the worst one to go
to. That's not like one of the
big time party ones. Talladega is
where I'd love to end up going to one.
Dave went to one there and said it was
phenomenal. So that, and then
there's another spot too. Is it Bristol?
Hey, you know who gets pussy?
All-star drivers.
Those guys are rock stars, man.
Rock stars.
Matt DiBenedetto.
That's who the driver is.
Just want to get that in there.
All right.
Is Days of Thunder considered cheesy, or I think it's unreal?
I'm not a big Days of Thunder fan.
Fuck you.
You know, people like Top Gun like fucking Days of Thunder.
Oh, you hate Tom Cruise.
No, no, no, no, no.
I wrote a fucking Top 5 Tom Cruise blog a couple weeks ago.
Did you put Eyes Wide Shut in it?
No.
Okay.
I want to say I heard this comment on Avery's Instagram,
but I would say Tom Cruise might be one of the best runners in a movie ever
like when he does a running scene he fucking runs man he like he sells the run you're like holy shit
this guy can run right paul's ass really good at running you're that's a great call i never thought
about it unless they're really speeding up like whatever's next to him behind him but if not he's
whatever's next to him and behind him,
but if not, he's busting ass. Speaking of Tom Cruise,
I think they just released a video
of one of the latest
Mission Impossible movie and how
they filmed that skydiving scene.
Tom Cruise does all his own stunts.
He's fucking insane, dude.
It was cool how they showed the guy who had
a video of him. The guy falls
out before him. He goes out backwards so he can record
Tom Cruise falling above him. Of course, there's another third guy recording the both of
them below it's like fucking inception for cameraman it's it's wild seeing by the way i
think his most underrated movie is collateral the one when he played the hitman oh he was so good
and collateral he's never talked about hockey yet nominal movie but we were just talking about
nothing to talk about i mean are you talking about, man?
We have a regular season coming up. Relax.
Dude, Clayton Keller signed
the Arizona Coyotes.
Alright, alright. Sorry, R.A.
I'll hand it back over.
In R.A.'s kitchen,
it's sketchy to take his thunder.
Just talking about C.A.
R.A. started flipping there.
We just talked about C.A., right?
Tyler Sagan. his Ferrari got hit,
and he had the most white trash note ever left on his windshield.
It literally said, sorry, I just hit your car.
My bad, bro.
I don't have money to pay.
Sorry about that one, Sags.
I should probably apologize on a public forum.
Just times are tough. I didn't want on a public forum. Just times are tough.
I didn't want to leave my information.
I don't want my insurance premiums going up.
So, Seggs, when we sell a little bit more merchandise,
I'll send over a check.
If it was a Camaro, Biz would have left like a couple bucks.
But once he saw it was a Ferrari, he's like, this guy's all set.
He doesn't need my money.
What word did I misspell on that note?
Hidden.
Not hidden.
I just hid it.
You're like, my bad, bro.
I don't have money to pay.
Like, if you get that, you'd be more mad reading that note than you would
if there was no note, wouldn't you?
Nah, I don't know.
I'd be a little rattled if my Ferrari got dinged.
Yeah.
What else we got here?
Gino Malkin, he's pulling his three-year Super League stuff once again. Alexander Galchenyuk showed up with two sticks at camp. Gino liked one, so Gino took one. I'd say he did it because he thought Galchenyuk was a fellow comrade, but then I realized there's no way he knows his name yet. So pretty funny shit coming from Gino. And there was a huge article, if you haven't checked out in The Athletic yet, really good stuff.
If you haven't checked out in the athletic yet, really good stuff.
He told the front office that, you know, if Kessel stays, I'm not staying.
You know, basically like how depressed he was, how awful he had a year,
how awful his year was last year.
By the way, he had 72 points in 68 games last year.
But it was a real deep read.
He sounds like a guy who just never fully embraced America biz.
Like he likes going home to Russia all the time.
I guess his wife and kid were down in Florida last year.
It was a bad weather year in Pittsburgh. It was like a fucking sad read almost.
To go back to him and Galchenyuk,
I would assume that he didn't know who he was,
and then he's like, well, we gave this guy a bunch of equipment,
so I feel that I should be able to take him.
Even though he's got some Russian in him,
you don't think he still was like, I don't know.
And then when training camp starts, he's going to be like, be like oh shit this guy is fucking actually here to play for us no but uh
galchenyuk was born in russia raised in america i think he played for american world junior team
yeah he was actually born in america to be honest oh so he was even born here oh okay my bad
granelli's shaking his head so i'm a fuck up obviously a russian last name uh he he still
kind of has a russian accent though so he must have been speaking a lot of russian when he was
growing up like that was probably his main language in the household at least it sounds like it so um
i think he's going to be a great fit in pittsburgh by the way as far as the malkin
article what exactly did it did it say about kessel? Like, did the words come out of his mouth saying that he was unhappy
with him being a teammate?
Because I feel like that's just speculation,
and I'm going to fucking ask Kessel when I see him.
I'll read straight from the story.
It says,
Malkin declined to elaborate on how his on-ice relationship with Kessel
fell apart, but it's clear he grew tired of feeling caught between
the ongoing Sullivan-Kessel rift, according to multiple team and league sources.
Those sources also say Malkin had come to believe Kessel was content with two titles
and mostly interested in his statistics.
Malkin was worried he'd be seen the same way if Kessel remained his winger,
which got a little odd.
Multiple sources said Malkin requested a trade if Kessel was to return.
Malkin denies that, but it doesn't mean he wanted to play another game,
let alone another season with Kessel as his linemate.
He did not, so now Kessel is in Arizona.
Sure, I'll take that with a grain of salt,
specifically because there is a language barrier on the Malkin side.
So for him to express his feelings, I mean, unless it was Gonchar
and they really got into it, and then on the flip side of that,
yeah, I mean, there were issues with Kessel, and he's a very opinionated guy.
I also feel like Kessel's probably not the best at elaborating on his feelings as well,
I mean, at least from afar, right?
He doesn't seem like a  I wouldn't say socially awkward is the word.
He just kind of like  he beats to his own drum.
So without it like coming out of Malkin's mouth direct,
it's just very hard to take that without a grain of salt.
Malkin also put a lot of it on himself.
Earlier in that article, it says, you know, Malkin thought the whole season
the failures of the Penguins were his fault.
And he said he didn't treat teammates the right way.
He wasn't treating his coaches the right way.
So Malkin did put a lot of it on himself.
And another thing, too, is I think that Rick Talkett was a guy that really,
he was, I wouldn't say a psychologist, but as the assistant coach there in Pittsburgh,
there were definitely a lot, there's always bickering.
There's always creative conflict when you have that many hockey minds
that are that intelligent in one locker room, right?
So part of the battle is just managing them all.
And Rick Tockett was a guy that did that there in Pittsburgh,
and that's what I feel that they're probably missing a little bit of.
Because he had, I mean, he was a coach, but he had that respect as a player.
And it goes back to the interview that Talkit had on our podcast
where, you know, Malkin kind of talked down to him a little bit
because Malkin challenges people.
But the minute Malkin kind of crossed the line with Talkit,
Talkit lost his fucking mind on him.
He's like, are you fucking kidding me?
He's like, I've accomplished just as much in this league as you.
You're not going to fucking talk down to me.
And on top of that, he would beat the fucking wheels off him.
So Malkin ended up going in and apologizing to him.
And then ever since then, they formed a bond.
So now Malkin saw him as an equal.
And Kessel's his own guy.
And I feel like he was really the, how do I want to say this?
He was kind of the guy who helped juggle that relationship and he's not there
anymore. And now Kessel's here.
A couple of things. The article is fantastic. Read Rob Rossi.
I got along with him well that I think he liked me cause I was, you know,
I would talk and give him a quote and I got along well with him.
So I know he's close with genome.
First thing I wanted to bring up was my boy EJ Radek at NHL Network said to me last, it
was like February or March.
He said, I don't know whether it's next year or the year after, even the year after that,
but I think Malkin has one more monster year, like one more, like 118 points,
like a couple,
he's done it a couple of times.
He's like,
I think whether it's,
like I said,
maybe not necessarily this year,
but one more monster year.
And after reading that article and seeing the ownership he took that,
that Grinnelli brought up crazy,
I think he's going to be lights out,
dude.
But is it,
but isn't it crazy?
A guy that it's,
it's accomplished that much is in an article is just being that accountable. Whereas that's guy that's accomplished that much in an article
is just being that accountable?
That's why he's accomplished that much.
You can look at it.
That guy is such a good pro.
I was with him so quickly.
Like I've said many times, he didn't even speak English then.
But just how he was right away.
He loves hockey.
He cares so much, man.
And the fact that you mentioned talking,
it's a special skill to have to be able to relate to people in different ways, right? Like you can't
talk to everyone the same. Not everyone realizes that or can even change the way they are. Talking,
I think, was so good at telling Sullivan what Kessel's telling him, but then telling Kessel
what Sullivan's saying. And instead of saying exactly what they said, which is probably fuck him, fuck him,
he words it down a little bit differently.
And that was a skill that they definitely miss.
And there was one other note, too.
And, you know, Rossi sources a lot of stuff.
Like you just said, he covered you.
He's been there for a long time.
You know, when the trade talk around Geno come up, he said that Sid,
who very rarely gets involved with management shit, said, no, it's me and Gino.
Like, basically, like, he's not going anywhere.
You know, obviously, you know.
Damn, that gives me goosebumps.
Well, it's very  and Mario's made it pretty clear he wants Sid
and Malkin to  like, it's penguins until they're done.
So the one thing about the story is it should be really
I don't know.
How do I word this correctly?
Malkin saying that he didn't say that, you got to take him for his word.
I mean, I don't  I'd be very surprised, like,
if he really did blatantly say trade him.
I just can't picture it.
Maybe he did.
Like I said, I don't really know him that well.
But for it to be sources, there's always some skepticism.
That's what I mean.
Well, and let's remember, too, as part of the core group there,
I believe that after a year where it ended as disappointingly as Pittsburgh's did,
what happens is when you get called into the GM's office sometimes,
that core group gets asked questions like, do you think we can win with this guy moving forward and and listen sometimes guys
might be like hey that's not my call sometimes guys will voice their opinion so I'm not saying
that went down there but I've heard a lot of that type of shit going down I've been in a situation
where guys have been asked,
basically the whole team has been asked about a guy and whether he should be kept on the team if it's healthy,
and guys answered accordingly.
So we've spent quite a bit of time on this, R.A.
I appreciate you letting us kind of get in depth.
Oh, absolutely, man.
You guys fucking played with him, you know?
Yeah, that's a big situation.
It's just nice giving fans a perception of what might be going on in the locker room based on our perspective yeah i mean
if i was a betting man i'd say and give what we know about gino and his three is super league
stuff that he said fucking kessel goes or i go i don't i believe it all so either way uh we had a
great highlight mikey's gonna play the audio in a sec a mic'd up red bull munich coach don jackson
freaking the fuck out after the ref fucked up the clock going to play the audio in a sec. A mic'd up Red Bull Munich coach, Don Jackson,
freaking the fuck out after the ref fucked up the clock.
Mikey, play that audio, bro.
Hey, fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you!
Fucking bullshit! Fuck you!
Okay, look, look, don't get too far out here. I checked his time, he's okay.
Hey, hey, fuck you!
Fuck off.
Give me that fucking thing.
Hey, fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fucking bullshit.
Fuck you.
Oh, man, I mean, that's fantastic.
And like you wrote, Grinnell, in the blog, that's why I always say
I would pony up so much money for unedited microphones
for pay-per-view in the playoffs just to hear guys swear all the time.
That was one of the best clips ever.
Hey, Biz?
Okay, so my old teammate, Botterchuk, who plays for that Red Bull team, sent me the clip.
And the coach was miked up to the television.
And I want to say the internet feed as well.
And I don't think they could figure out how to take it off. He was on the bench swearing at the ref for as well. And, and I don't think they could figure out how to, how to take it off.
He was on the bench swearing at the ref for two minutes.
So the situation was,
is I think there was a delayed penalty being called and they stopped the
clock.
That way they were going to have more time on the clock in order to come
back in the game or whatever it was.
And once the whistle went,
the Red Bull coach was very calm and collective about it just said
hey send the ref over he goes hey they stopped the clock 10 seconds early just go look at it
you're gonna see that that happened put the take the 10 seconds off or whatever it is and i'm gonna
drop my play and talk to my players and come back after so as he's drawn up the play the ref goes
and checks it out comes back and he's like nope everything's everything's good. No, no, they didn't stop the clock, and he fucking went nuts.
So I thought it was funny.
It was kind of similar to that situation a few years back
when the Calgary Farm Team head coach, Jim Playfair,
went absolutely banana lands on the bench, broke a bunch of players' stick,
ended up ripping his shirt off.
You guys can watch that on YouTube anytime you want.
It's fucking hilarious.
Dude, my favorite part was Chris Bork, my boy, just on the bench right next to me. shirt off you guys can watch that on youtube anytime you want it's fucking hilarious dude
my favorite part was chris bork my boy just on the bench right next to me he's like holy shit
you see his face just cracked me up i kind of forgot he was there like i hadn't really caught
up with him in a while and then i see his face as this clip's going viral so all right i don't i
that'll never happen but i think jeremy roenick was the first person I ever heard say it about
like having HBO or something,
have players truly mic'd up.
Cause it would be people who any hockey fans paying for that,
depending on like what the price is,
it would be,
it would be just the best thing you could watch.
Well,
I mean,
didn't the,
do we talk about the lacrosse league doing it?
No,
no.
So,
so a few weeks ago,
the lacrosse league started doing it where you can
get an inside look at what these players are saying to each other in the midst of a game now
the lacrosse league is up and coming they need any type of um advertising and and and face time on
major networks as possible and obviously that's one way to get it but do you remember last season when when uh morgan riley said
rag it and the and the the glass caught it like the glass oh yeah all of a sudden twitter talked
about that homophobe yeah yeah so now and then all of a sudden all these problems arose if you
mic these players up man you're just opening yourself for a whole new fucking round of
criticism and people online are too stupid to reason with,
it would be a fucking gong show.
Yeah.
I don't think the NHL PA would,
would even want to really go for it as well because you know,
it's just,
they're basically private,
private workplace conversations that they don't want.
What about,
what about if it wasn't live and you just get to watch after and they just
took out the bad shit.
Yeah.
I mean,
but,
but the things you want to hear the fuck use and the,
no, I'm talking like, what was it? What was what was last night like bud how'd it go hey so uh i was talking to someone from the nhl
uh recently when i was at the nhl media day there in chicago and we got on the conversations of
yandel and how fun it is to mic him up because he knows that they're only going to use certain clips
and it's not live so he'll say shit over the course of the game or the mic just to make the people in the truck laugh.
And they were telling me some of the shit he was saying.
Talking to the guys that he knows is just.
Yeah, he'd like go in a pile and he'd be like, oh, yeah, everyone's fucking my wife tonight.
Like, that's an example.
It's not what he said, but like, just say like, oh, yeah, everyone can come out of phase.
Like, just like weird shit. So the guys in the truck after this goal you can't keep that you can't keep that
dude he'll fucking you know no no no guys he didn't i'm i'm giving you an example of like some
weird shit that he said those words i'm saying like could you imagine like you're in the truck
and like i go to the pie and i'm like, I'm sucking all your dicks in the shower tonight at the game, boys.
Like, you know, just to fuck with the guys in the truck, you know?
Like, you don't hear that, what goes on in the ice ever.
And Grinnelli, that was the PLL, right?
The lacrosse league you had mentioned before, right?
Yeah, it's the PLL.
It's separate from the MLL.
We've talked nine sports in this show.
Let's just continue.
What else do we have?
Baseball?
Oh, somebody actually messaged me recently about
me getting into lacrosse,
and John Tavares' uncle's
one of the best lacrosse players of all time.
People said that he's better than this
Vable guy. Really?
Who's his uncle? Do you know the name?
I think it's John Tavares
also, isn't it?
I think it is.
Terry Ryan, Terry Ryan Sr.
Here, let me look it up. it's john taveras yeah so apparently this guy's legit boys i'm getting in the box across
and i'm gonna i'm gonna hop in with a team here i just gotta pick a team because i know the buffalo
bandits are close to home they've been messaging me a little bit about coming out there and then
a few other canadian, but I like Vancouver.
Anyway.
Absolutely nothing about lacrosse.
So we're going to move on to hockey,
and there's been a shitload of big signings since the last time we talked to our listeners out there.
Trotz spoke, and apparently Zach Gorinsky listened.
He did re-up.
He signed a three-year, 15 million deal with a 5 million average annual value.
He's going to be paid 4 million, 4 million, then 7 million. He's going to be in training camp. What do you got, Biz?
Okay. So the worst part about this is the fact that Torts said something,
and then all of a sudden, a day or two later, he signs, and then everyone's like,
oh yeah, Torts runs his show. I think that was Grinnelli's caption on Chicklets, actually.
What was it? Wier warrenski's ears towards roar
oh for a blog oh okay well i i didn't see that sorry buddy i didn't mean to steal your thunder
but i was so pissed when that happened because he's gonna like be walking around training camp
in high heels because he's so fucking short just to get another inch poking his chest out
zach warrenski for we always say this when his name comes up,
has fucked us more than any other player in the history of hockey.
I mean, this kid, before we were anything, before we had you,
when it was just me and R.A. splitting a microphone,
fucking saving up money to get pizza one night a week.
It was a grind.
We were doing anything to get any current players, any interviewers,
any people to interview, excuse me.
And this fucking Wierenski, he said yes one time
and then just never answered the phone.
Then he said yes again and just slept through it again.
I'm like, dude, I still haven't met him.
He owes us.
He owes us.
But still, having said all of that, what a deal for the Jackets.
What a player at just 5 million per for three years, dude.
What a contract i listen i think that he could have got at least another million a year and i know it's a short
term deal and it that would put him um i think he would have arbitration rights in his last year of
restricted free agency so he's gonna get fucking paid but still he's got to get that average up you're
hear me out if you're his agent and you say hey we'll sign a three-year deal but we want six
million a year that's still a very very good bargain even though it's a bridge deal for
wierenski they have tons of cap space left they're a little bit vulnerable after what happened to him this offseason.
And could you imagine Wierenski missing training camp
and his agent going to the news,
hey, guys, all we're asking for is 6 million a year.
Ha! Who's the fucking bad guy?
People would have  I bet  so maybe it was partly Wierenski.
I'm not saying because Torin said it, but being like, dude, I just want to play.
This is fair. I'm cool with it. I mean, it's's like I can't picture I know you're saying he could get more
but in the end it's him to say dude I'm fine with this yeah I know I I don't know I just I just
think that like that I mean yeah for me if we're talking negotiations here if I'm his agent I say
hey you're gonna you're gonna be here and we're gonna tell everyone that we want six million dollars a year man that's what Oliver Ekman Larson I mean keep in mind Oliver
Ekman Larson ended up getting a six year at six million dollar deal but RA I mean I know that the
the years are not what Columbus wants but I mean five million is just fucking very low it is a good
bargain but I think and this is a note from Uncle Uncle Bob, Bob McKenzie. I'm basically taking it from his Twitter. Now, I said he gets four years,
I'm sorry, four million, four million, then seven million in that third year. Now, that's a big deal,
and this is from Uncle Bob. With most, not all, but most of these RFAs, a three-year bridge deal
will leave them one year shy of UFA status when it expires. So, the year three compensation amount
is important because that
ensures the qualifying offer for the fourth non-contracted year is at least that much.
So Wierenski will have a salary arbitration when this deal expires, or he could negotiate a long
term extension before then. But worst case, he gets at least a 7 million qualifying offer in
year four and walks himself into free agency. So this three-year 15 million deal could be viewed as no worse than a
four-year 22 million deal per Uncle Bob.
Yeah, and that's a great reasoning behind it.
Now, also, I believe that new TV deal kicks in,
and what would be that fourth year?
Man, even if he plays the way he's been playing now,
for what the cap will be at, which will probably be close to 100 million by then
once that new TV deal does kick in,
as what he's playing like now in free agency,
he's looking at 10 sheets. Am I wrong?
If he continues the same kind of rise he's on,
even where he's at right now, but he's only going to get better.
What is he, he 20 21 would you say in a in a 95 to a 95 million dollar cap situation that he in columbus would be
getting minimum 9 million a year yeah that's what i was going to continue and say i think he's you're
looking at 9 to 10 to even 11 next contract if he's a puck-moving demon, skates like the wind,
has a sick snapshot, produces points,
and as Torth said, he started playing great D, too.
I mean, he can do it all.
The fact they have him and Jones,
I mean, that's why they're going to stay competitive
no matter what happens offensively with those two.
I mean, as long as they're healthy,
they both can play 30 minutes a night.
Guys, do you remember how much the first salary cap was
back in 2005, 2006?
It was my rookie year.
Wasn't it like 36 million?
39 million.
39 million.
13 years.
That just means, hey, that's great.
The league revenues have gone up, and hey, that's good for everybody still playing.
Guys, real quick, let's talk about SeatGeek for a sec.
As you know, buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek for a sec. As you know, buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event.
Whether you're catching your favorite musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team,
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year, and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for a great value I've had the SeatGeek
app on my phone for ages and it is by far the easiest way I found to shop the tickets I can
be anywhere with a few taps boom I instantly find seats just used it last week once again to get
some cheapo Red Sox tickets it's a great time to get some nice cheap seats if you want to show
people Fenway Best Buy SeatGeek is designed to make your ticket buying experience easier than ever.
You tell them how much you want to spend.
They'll find you expensive seats, find you cheap seats.
You always get the bang for your buck, and every purchase is fully guaranteed.
So you can shop for tickets on Seat Geek with full confidence.
So make Seat Geek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket, from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 10 off the first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
Going back to a little tease biz gave a few minutes ago
his boy clayton killer got paid eight years 57.2 mil that's 7.15 million average annual value safe
to say this raised a few eyebrows around the league though biz uh you know he had somewhat
of an off year last year i know his five on five situation scoring you know was a little below
average but what's your take on it buddy yeah he had an off year last year. I know it was five on five situations scoring. It was a little below average, but what's your take on it,
buddy? Yeah, he had an off year last year.
I think it's obvious what John Schaik has done.
He's hoping to catch
all these players in very fair
contracts moving forward and
hopes that they can elevate their
game where they're outplaying those contracts.
He did it with Dvorak. He did it with Jacob Chikrin.
He did it with Schmaltz. He's done it
with Keller. I might be forgetting another name in there. He did it with Schmaltz. He's done it with Keller.
I might be forgetting another name in there.
I mean, Oliver Ekman-Larsen, to me, deserved it and has played up to that eight and a quarter,
so he's kind of out of the mix there.
But, you know, that's how Arizona's had to play.
He's drafted well.
He's developed well.
And now saying that, we don't know what any of these players will pan out
to be and as of right now for what those guys have accomplished in their careers it's an overpayment
so if kelse can get back to what he what he was in his rookie year i think that that that's a very
fine average moving forward especially as the cap goes up and Arizona improves.
Now with the new owner, there's going to be a little bit more room
to spend money.
So I'm okay with it.
As I said, I've liked a lot of the moves that John Czajk has made.
Clayton Keller is committed to the game.
He wants to become a better hockey player.
He has a great attitude.
He's well-liked in the room.
I hope that last year was a sophomore slump
and he can get back to what he was doing in that first year
because if this team's going to have any type of
if Arizona's going to have any type of success,
he's going to have to be part of that core group.
Very well said.
It's all about  it's a big gamble, but he's all in on his guys.
He's decided that he thinks they're going to reach different levels.
And we did mention before that players who played with Barkov
knew right away that his contract was completely fair
and probably a great deal.
But at the same time, man, there were some questions, right?
So people are questioning Keller, but Chayka and, I guess,
the entire staff in Phoenix, Arizona,
thinks that he's going to turn into it.
With that contract, they're expecting 75, 85-point guy, Biz, right?
That would be him outplaying his contract, as I said.
75 points, 8 million?
No, he's making 7.
Yeah, okay, so you're right.
So, yeah, if you're a 75-pointer over, you're at least playing to your contract,
if not outplaying it.
But, I mean, I think
that's what they're thinking. I think they're looking
at at least 70.
It was a big step back, but that's just
the sophomore slump. A lot of people battle that,
except for yours truly. That was my huge
year. That's why I got paid. Thanks, Sid.
And I think he's
a BU guy, so I'm not going to say a bad
word about him. I'm biased. I admit it
openly. I'm rooting for him it openly well i'm i'm
rooting for him the reason i'm okay with it is because of his attitude and last year he did go
through some struggles and especially after having all that success in year one moving to year two
there were expectations there he knew in the back of his mind it was a contract year considering once
july 1st hits and you're in the third year of your entry level you can renegotiate for your
contract right so when he was going through all that he was still you know reaching out to the
coaches saying I want to watch more video I want to get better and he you know first guy on like
working on his skills so when you see a guy kind of shy away and face some adversity for the first
time in his career and then maybe go the other way where he'd be you know getting lazier and and sulking and having a bad attitude no he was he
was pretty good and i really like the way he handled it and and that's why i'm okay with them
handing over that money and just to elaborate i i said a minute ago his five on five play i
specifically meant his points per 60 and five on five situations that was the specific stat i meant
and also i'm thinking of it i, I fucked up and said Bennington
won the Conn Smythe last week.
I know he didn't. It was the cup. Just a little fucking
I thought of it. I hate making mistakes.
Another big sign, and Jake Gardner ends up
with Carolina. Signs a four-year, 16.2
million deal. Just
over 4 million AAV.
29-year-old had 30 points in 62
games last season with the Leafs. Missed
some time due to injury. Got back in the playoffs. Had 30 points in 62 games last season with the Leafs. Missed some time due to injury.
Got back in the playoffs.
Had two assists in seven games.
Biz, where did you think he was going to end up?
I know a lot of people thought maybe back Toronto.
Well, not too many, but what do you think on this one, guy?
Well, I mean, you guys obviously caught wind about the Montreal situation.
Yeah, you said he turned down a three-year,
15-and-a-quarter-million-dollar deal from the Habs, correct?
Yeah, and Bergevin came out and said,
hey, if somebody doesn't want to play here, then we don't want them here.
He offered them a nice deal.
But, I mean, this is kind of like a broad statement
regarding all the Canadian teams is once a guy spends some time in Canada
and he becomes a little bit of the whipping boy,
you think he wants to go back to a Canadian fucking market?
You're nuts.
And you're talking about a team that, I mean, I feel bad for Weber
and what he went through.
Could you imagine a new guy?
Weber's now proved himself.
He's exonerated himself because he played really well last year,
and everybody knows he's the leader in that locker room.
They're just looking for another whipping boy on the back end in Montreal.
So if he goes there, it is a no-win situation. He's going to have to win them over early and
quick. And if he doesn't, that is going to be a long three years. And after spending time in
Toronto, I thought there was no way he was going to head there. And he left money on the table.
And what sucks, because he's such a good kid, is that he was hitting free agency probably thinking
he was going to get double the amount of money
that he saw signing with Carolina.
I think there was no doubt in his mind he was getting a five-year minimum.
I'm thinking he probably thought six or seven years at a, what,
at a 5.5, 6 million average.
So he found a perfect spot.
I think he can go there and concentrate on just hockey
and enjoy a good group of guys there in Carolina.
And I hope he thrives and I hope he has fun.
And it's worth the money that he left on the table
not to potentially go back to a similar situation in Toronto.
You took everything I had, bro.
You described it exactly how I would have.
Dude, Canada can crush you.
You're talking to a whipping boy from Canada.
And Western Canada, you don't even get it as bad as Toronto and Montreal.
So I was like, man, there was no chance I would ever go back to Canada.
Because you know what happens?
All these Canadian fans watch Hockey Night in Canada.
You don't think at least half of the Maple Leafs fans,
I mean the Canadians fans are like,
oh Jesus, we're getting that guy.
They all fucking hate him.
I got to hate him now.
And Biz, you said that he'd have to prove himself very early.
Dude, he could have first 25 games have 18 points to be a plus player,
and if he has three bad games, the boo birds are coming.
And I know I'm kind of repeating what you said,
but that's exactly what it was.
Let me get somewhere where it's like there'll be one reporter in the locker
room after practice every day,
the complete opposite of where I just came from in TO.
Yes, I'm surprised you didn't mention the biggest thing at all,
the fucking taxes
in canada buddy you don't have to deal with those i was i'm getting too intelligent uh this episode
i can't keep falling back on my regular material and also too i mean we got to note carolina's
resurgence i mean they got to the conference finals unexpectedly last year so there are you
know some what may consider an up-and-coming team and it's certainly not a bad team to fucking sign with hey i i think that they almost have an advantage because that uh cost of living in
carolina so cheap and they do have a decent team now that it seems to be a good landing spot for
guys who kind of just want to like go play on a decent team have some fun and get lost
right am i am i wrong here like who else did they get signed this
off season where they got some pretty fair contracts down there and well one other note
too well what they brought in got uh this heavy heavy speculation justin falk is going to be on
his way out um he's anaheim is supposedly the lead contender he's on the no trade list but
if they're willing to deal long term he may wave to go there. So what are you going to add there, buddy?
I saw a tweet, unfortunately can't give credit, don't remember,
that said right now currently Carolina Hurricanes are only minus 105
to make the playoffs.
And it said get on that before the line changes
because I think they're definitely making the playoffs again.
That's a pretty good deal, I think.
I don't know what your site's at.
I don't know if I misread it, but I think they'll go back.
I think that they've got a great team.
Justin Williams will hurt, but Ajo is only going to get better.
I think Ajo this year will be even more impressive than last year,
and everyone was saying, who is this guy?
So they've got a great, bright future there,
and Gardner will help move in the puck, help in the power play.
Absolutely.
Another sign in, the big man is back the power play. Absolutely. Another signing.
The big man is back for another round.
Jumbo re-ups for one year, 2 million.
No major surprise here for Joe Thornton.
Comes back for a 22nd NHL season.
Absolutely incredible.
I remember I got his autograph his rookie year.
Big, goofy kid like Spicoli inside the garden.
And I was like, I can't believe that was fucking 22 years ago.
I had him sign my puck.
But either way, he's coming back for another chance you stopped him to sign your puck it was I was
visiting buddies for the bull gang and he was walking by I was like oh they're like oh this
Thornton my buddy had because he worked for bogey he had one of those silver pens that you can sign
right foxwood I was like hey Joe can I bug you for a second he's like yeah sure man he honestly
ran me like the Hanson's like I thought he had his toys with him because he was like this gregarious
18 year old kid but anyways big Joe coming back no surprise there right biz I mean He honestly ran like the Hansons. I thought he had his toys with him because he was like this gregarious 18-year-old kid.
But anyways, Big Joe coming back.
No surprise there, right, Biz?
I mean, I feel like just the amount of money shaking out elsewhere.
He's just great for the game.
I think that he's unbelievable in that organization.
I think he's probably going to take a third-line center role.
That would be my assumption.
I mean, of course, power play is a no-brainer.
But talk about a guy who just loves being around the arena.
I've been hearing from people, even when he does retire,
he's just going to become a trainer for the San Jose Sharks
so he can travel with the team.
Because, man, when he was injured and wasn't playing,
he was traveling with the team, like just going around.
And he would be organizing team dinners and stuff.
Like he was their secretary and didn't mind doing it.
He loves the game and everything that comes with it.
He loves the boys, the locker room, the road trips.
I'm pretty sure I've read before that he has a contract as long as he wants
one with the Sharks.
Like I think the owner has been like,
this guy is getting a deal from us until it's going to be that like
Facetune app that everybody was using.
He's going to be like actually that old. my facetune app just was like the same i'm like oh
shit yeah hopefully i actually asked him if he would come on chicklets when i saw him on the red
carpet at the nhl awards and he wouldn't yeah he said he said he's like oh we'll talk about it when
i'm done playing which which is fair that's fair. We could peer pressure this guy into giving us an interview.
All's we got to do is just fucking get his house address and have people
send fan mail there until, until he actually comes up.
There we go.
All right, boys,
a couple more signings we want to cover before we send it over to part two
with Sean Berg.
That biz did an awesome job with, uh, Hey guys,
a lot can change in 24 hours on Monday, New Jersey,
GM Ray Shera went off about Pavel Zaja, Zasha, Zach. I hope you want to say it. Hey guys, a lot can change in 24 hours. On Monday, New Jersey, GM Ray Sherrill went off about
Pavel Zazha
Zazha, Zach, I hope you want to say it.
We butcher names all the time. He said to
the AP, I don't give a fuck if he signs
with the KHL or if he signs with fucking
Brampton. I don't give a fuck where. We
hold his rights. Well, on Tuesday,
Zazha re-signed with the Devils
three years, 6.75 mil, two and a
quarter AAV.
He had 13 goals, 12 assists in 61 games last year.
I don't know if Sheryl got his attention or what,
but it certainly appears that way, no?
Big time.
And this guy, that's the tone of a GM who's thinking, you haven't lived up to at all what we expected of you.
I mean, you want to check out the 2015 draft, dude?
You want to see some names drafted after him?
Let me just go quick.
Provorov, Wierenski, Timo Meier, Mikko Rantanen.
That's in a row, dude.
That's in a row.
Matthew Barzell, Kyle Conner, Thomas Chabot, Evgeny Shvets.
Oh, my God.
That was a strong draft.
Colin White, Brock Besser, Travis Konechny.
Dude, that's it. I mean, buddy, shut the fuck up, bud. That was a strong draft. Colin White, Brock Besser, Travis Konechny. Dude, that's it.
I mean, buddy, shut the fuck up, bud.
You're the fourth overall.
You don't  I'm kind of saying what Ray Sherrill is thinking.
He said it.
What am I talking about?
Yeah, he was sixth overall.
Did you say fourth?
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Sixth overall.
It's just  it's like, dude, you haven't done anything.
Go out and get 65 points even,
and then try to tell us what you want to get paid.
I mean, that's why he's like, go wherever you want, dude.
You're not playing in the NHL unless it's with us.
Well, keep in mind, you're talking to a guy right here who's kind of been in a little bit of a riff with Ray Scherer
when I play with Pittsburgh.
He has a little bit of a fiery side.
Oh, yeah, Ray can snap. Oh, Ray can snap. of a riff with ray sure when i play with pittsburgh he has a little bit of a fiery side oh yeah ray
ray can snap oh ray can yeah he's hey he's type a man that's why he's where he's at okay we're
obviously boys now and i he'll he'll make his way over to the booth where i'm at whenever we play
against each other when he's what he when he's at least with the team could i say could i say fiery
he can get fiery, dude.
Oh, dude, yeah.
I'm pretty sure he fucked you,
fucked you and me a couple times.
He doesn't give a shit.
He fucked you and me.
And I respect that.
I'll have a good fuck you match with a guy
and then go grab a beer with him.
But he's probably hearing this like,
what has this guy done?
13 goals and 12 assists last year.
I mean, we got Mitch Marner and other RFA guys holding out,
and you know what?
Maybe rightfully so, but this guy is putting up fucking biz nasty numbers
and demanding money.
It's like, buddy, go play in the fucking English League with those numbers.
Still fucking outplay you.
So, yes, it looks like Shiro's Neil Page impression got things done.
Well, and keep in mind, too, it's kind of nice being Ray Shiro right now
where you already have a very, very healthy lineup.
And you could tell this guy, hey, buddy,
we don't fucking need you around here to win right now.
If you want to come over and enjoy this awesome group of very skilled individuals
and maybe work on those numbers that you have, those biz-nasty numbers, that ain't going to stroke you a fucking check.
So I don't even know who the fuck this kid was, no offense to him,
but if you're going to start barking like that for money, hey,
if you got the numbers, man, I'll be backing you up.
Those aren't biz numbers, dude.
Those pims aren't even close, Paul.
Like, come on now.
Listen, I don't know.
He's not even at a point every other game and he and he's and he's barking at shiro for dough dude i
hey i was barking at him to get out of the east coast with two all-star nominations in the east
coast hockey league i just wanted to get to the american league and he was fuck you and me so
don't fuck with ray shiro did ray swear or did you add that no he swore in his comments regarding oh he did oh yeah
he was buzzing wow so that's all i got on that boys that's uh all right one more significant
sign in here and i just want to keep an eye i think the la king signed uh gold tender jack
campbell to a two-year extension worth 3..3 million, 1.65 million average.
I know he's backing Jonathan Quick up, but I thought it was a very cheap price.
You know, Campbell is a bit of a late bloomer.
We've talked about him before, 27 years old.
He was in 31 games last year on a bad Kings team, posted a 10-14-1 record in 25 starts with a 9-2-8 save percentage and a 2-3-0 GAA with two shutouts.
I mean, that's phenomenal numbers on that team last year.
38 career games, 12, 15, and 3 with a 9-2-5 and a 2-4-1.
You know, Jonathan Quick, he's 33.
He's got four more years left at 5.8 million.
He doesn't have trade protection.
Campbell's looking like a number one.
I think this is something we should keep an eye on, Biz.
I think that it's a classic case of a guy very happy with
an organization who gave him his second chance he's had a lot of success there he's very comfortable
with the people around him and him knowing that but he's he's just as easily easily trade bait if
he doesn't sign a fair deal and all of a sudden you find yourself in a different organization
because they have this cal peterson kid coming up who's a stud right so all of a sudden either way jonathan quick might
get back to where he was before he's proven himself he's not making crazy amount of money
five and a half i thought he was making six but he's making five and a half five eight five okay
so he's making closer to six sorry my bad so um i think that's a wise move for him to sign that deal and secure himself some money
because guys like i've seen goalies go to different organizations where maybe they don't fit in all
of a sudden next thing you know a year later they're out of the league so he's comfortable
there he's getting paid handsomely and and who knows maybe it ends up working out where he does
stick around and he he does become the starter and he will get paid.
So worst case scenario, he's going to spend a few more years in the NHL making some good
money and I'm happy for him.
He's an awesome guy.
Yeah, he's got some fucking sick numbers as well, too.
So good luck to him this year.
But I think it's about time we send it over to Sean Burke.
Part two, once again, Biz spent plenty of time with him a couple of months back.
We already had part one and I love goalie talk. So I'm looking forward to listen to this one what's up biz and grinnelly
if there's any chance you could throw in the the time frame in the last time he was on because we
did split split this up into two sections because it was a two-hour interview if you could time
stamp uh where in what episode and what time the first part of the interview starts. For our fans, that would be very nice of you.
Yeah, so for everyone out there that wants to go back
and listen to the first half of the Sean Burke interview,
it can be found on episode 192, and it starts at the 36-minute mark.
So without further ado, here is part two with Sean Burke.
This interview is brought to you by Peloton.
Why does Men's Health call the Peloton bike the best cardio machine on the planet? Let's break it down. The value is unreal. For one
subscription, you get all you need for unlimited classes for the entire family. There's no commute,
no reservations, and thousands of rides you can take live or on demand anytime,
all for less than the cost of a studio class. The best part, Peloton makes hard work fun.
You get in your zone with curated music
designed to move in, motivate you, hip-hop a country, Latin or pop, whatever you're in the
mood for, we got classes waiting for you. With a variety of themes, difficulty levels, and training
programs, experience something new every time you sweat. Live encouragement from top instructors
makes you want to come back for more. Right now, Peloton is offering a limited-time offer.
Get 100 off accessories when you purchase the Peloton bike
and get a great cardio workout at home.
Go to onepeloton.com and use the promo code Hockey to get started.
18 seasons, 820 games, man.
I mean, what are you on the all-time games playlist for goalies?
You got to be in the top 30, no?
Yeah, I think so.
I think it'd be top 20, to be honest.
Fucking right, man.
I don't know the number.
I don't.
And statistics never favored me as you omitted the losses, thankfully,
when you did the intro, which I was very happy that you did that.
Yeah, yeah.
That moved by me.
So I didn't believe in statistics.
I thought they were overrated, you know?
And you finished your career in L.A.
You were there for a cup of coffee.
We don't really need to talk about that, do we?
Was Greta there when you were there?
No, I didn't play in L.A. with, you know, but it's funny.
Wayne and I, I knew Wayne when I was 16 years old.
That's the first time I ever met Wayne Gretzky through Keith,
who we were not even teammates,
but somehow got to know each other a little bit playing against each other in junior.
And I was riding up with him on a day off to Brantford
to meet Wayne Gretzky when I was 16 years of age.
And then I subsequently played with him in a Canada Cup
and different things along the way.
But I never played with him for a full season.
So I wanted to talk to you about your post-career,
and you talked about how you got to Arizona
and your goalie coach completely changed your career around.
Now, when I first got here, Ilya Brzgalov was a goalie.
Obviously a weird guy.
You were the goalie coach at that point,
and he had some of his best seasons when he was here.
And, you know, I just thought, okay, this guy's a good goalie,
and he's clearly a good goalie coach.
And we'll go back to Brizzy, but when I saw it really kick in
was when Smitty got here.
And the story that I can tell was the first game, Smitty came over,
I believe from, was he in Dallas or Tampa the year before?
Tampa.
Tampa.
Tippett had had him in Dallas though.
Yes, yes.
And Smitty, like you in your career, had kind of lost his game.
And what was between his ears, he was lost.
The first game we ended up playing in San Jose, he got shelled.
And you could just tell he was defeated because this was going to be his fresh start,
and he wanted to do it for Tip because Tip brought him here, and that was his guy.
And he said, he goes, I don't deserve to start the next game.
Let Barb's play.
And you said what to him?
I told him, I said, Smitty, you're here to be the number one guy, and you're going to play.
You're not getting, we're not to be the number one guy, and you're going to play.
We're not letting you off the hook that easy.
This is not going to be a bad game.
You're out of the lineup.
You're going to play.
So figure out a way to get back in there and play well because you're going to get your opportunities.
And to Smitty's credit, I mean, you know as well as I do,
there's not too many goalies out there that are better athletes than Mike Smith.
His downfall or issues
is always going to be between his ears.
When he's confident,
he's as good as anybody in the league.
When he's not, he's worse than most guys
because he finds a way to beat himself down
and to really lose.
It's never for a lack of effort. He works his
balls off and
he's intense.
He is intense and
you know, he's a
very good family guy. He has a lot
of great qualities
about him, but he lacks a little
bit of security sometimes and
that's not uncommon. People would think that
every one of the guys in the nhl is a secure confident person it's it's not that way everybody needs a pat on the
back everybody needs to feel that somebody else has their back at times and and i would have never
maybe approached smitty or brizgalov or devin dubnik or any of the guys exactly the same way had I not had Benoit Allaire.
But I would have always had the attitude that, to me,
you're going to get more out of these guys if they're confident.
And we all know you're confident if people believe in you.
So playing for guys like Tortorella, Mike Keenan, Ken Hitchcock, all these guys,
I recognize that they have a lot of value
and bring out a lot in certain players by the way they do things,
but I never thought that was the most effective.
I thought there was a better way to do things.
And to me, that is to make people confident
and help them feel that when they step on the ice,
somebody's got their back because it's not easy.
feel that when they step on the ice, somebody's got their back because it's not easy.
But what became obvious to me was something I always knew,
the player still has to do the job.
The player still has to be the guy that at the end of the day
believes in himself.
And all those guys, including Mike Smith, as you know,
played incredible hockey here.
Oh, but it was  and it didn't take long for him to get hot.
I believe we tied the next game.
It might have been Nashville.
And then he won his third game, and then all of a sudden, you know,
he was getting better, and you could tell his mentality had changed.
And then I felt that now he had tips confidence.
He felt the connection with you.
The guys were behind him.
And then it was just a snowball effect.
And then there's another story about him that season,
and it was when he went down with a little bit of an injury.
Well, yeah, Smitty was, you know, he's a specimen.
But because he's in such good shape, you know, he's a specimen. But because he's in such good shape,
you know, he's prone to
some injuries sometimes and he's always going to be that
guy. But,
you know, he also
and there's certain guys out there
that can play through anything.
It's not easy to play injured, especially
at that position. You know,
you watch this playoffs as you know, how many
guys will have surgery when
these playoffs are over at the goaltending position is a little different it's hard to
because mentally it's such a a tough position to play that if you got too many aches and pains and
things are not working properly it's hard to go out there and be focused and play um so smitty
that year you know was injured at one point and we we were in Chicago. And we were in a do-or-die situation.
We were down to the trade deadline.
So the management was thinking of, do we cut bait here and start to think about next year?
And yet, we went out that day before the game, the day before, and had a practice.
And I was on the ice, and I thought, he's the best player on the ice.
But he wasn't, in his mind, ready to to play yet so we weren't going to play him the tip was not going to
play him that the next night so I remember we went to dinner that night and I and I said to tip I
said you know Smitty's ready to play so well he says he's not ready to play and we got into a
little bit of a debate over it and as it turned out to credit, you know, I was a little bit more forceful in saying,
you have to tell him he's playing.
This is just the point in our season where this guy needs to be told,
you're playing.
We need you.
We need you.
You're playing.
Like, you may not feel you're ready,
but there's more at stake than just you being 100 healthy.
And as you know, Smitty went out that night.
Chakal was a first star. Rid first star ridiculous and we went on a run
right through the playoffs because he at that point i think found out something about himself
too that maybe he didn't have to be 100 all the time but also that you know what there's an
expectation when you're a number one goalie as well and it's not just hey i don't feel like
playing tonight it's hey you're the number one guy you we need. And it's not just, Hey, I don't feel like playing tonight. It's Hey,
you're the number one guy.
You,
we need you to play tonight.
And sometimes guys need that.
Well,
we were going to find out on that little stretch because it was so tight.
I mean,
we were,
we were probably like,
I don't know,
maybe eight points from missing playoffs,
but we ended up winning the division.
Exactly.
And one game like that,
if you look back,
not only could it have changed the course of the season, it changes the course of his career because his contract was different after that.
His, you know, the confidence that he, so as you know, and as an athlete, we all know this, there are so many little things along the way that could change your career one way or the other.
Absolutely. that could change your career one way or the other. And some of them are out of your control.
But, again, it goes back to, you know,
working every day, being a pro, and showing up.
And the team would play hard for him that night
because they knew.
And not to take anything away from Tip,
but, like, Tip wasn't a goalie.
No.
He wouldn't have understood that.
He's got to trust that his goalie's not 100,
so he's like, I'm not ready to go. and he wants to give his team the best chance to win and if smitty
maybe thought he wasn't ready he wasn't ready but that's why it it helps to have these goalie
coaches and ones that are a little bit more accepting and and more helping sharpen the tool
between the ears rather than maybe their their skills skills and their, and their freak nature ability.
It's,
it's a,
it's a very important position on teams.
Um,
I really enjoyed being a goalie coach.
It wasn't what I wanted to do.
I didn't want to ever coach.
Uh,
you know,
when Brizgalov joined our team,
Grant Freer was the goalie coach.
I was doing development.
So I was at all our games sitting up in the stands.
I never came around the team.
I wasn't part of the coaching staff.
And when Don Maloney asked me to coach,
I said I didn't want to do it because I wanted to go to the management route.
And I knew that I would like coaching.
I knew I would enjoy it,
and I knew I'd be fairly good at it,
but I also knew that if I was fairly good at it,
I'd probably get typecast as a goalie coach.
You'd get bubbled right in.
And it sort of did happen that way.
And,
and you know,
I,
I don't regret that because I felt like I owed giving something back and I was
able to give something back to Brizgalov,
to Smitty,
to LaBarbara,
to Devin Dubnik.
It was,
it was,
would have been unfair of me to not take that knowledge I had gained and all
that experience and help other guys.
But I also knew that it's a very specific position
where most people don't understand it.
So if you're good at it, they want you doing it.
And was it as lucrative as you wanted it to be?
Well, it was never a question of lucrative.
It was a question of where you go from there.
There's very few goalie coaches going on to be general managers.
Correct.
And so I knew that if I aspired to be a management guy,
I had to figure out a way to still get from being a goalie coach
to being a manager someday or at least have that opportunity.
So I was lucky enough to be able to combine it.
That was the deal i had with
don where i would do management stuff as well so it never really stopped me but it did get to the
point where i felt if i didn't get out of the coaching i would be stuck coaching the rest of
my career yeah we'll dive into that in a bit um people will be upset if i don't bring up bris
goll up in what way did you feel you helped him and in what way maybe was he
different than smitty bris is a very very mentally tough guy you know it's hard for people to see him
that way because he's a character and he's he's goofy at times um but he masked his seriousness
by that persona deep down i, I always felt with Briz
that he was dumb as a fox.
You know, he was playing everybody.
The whole way he didn't speak English properly,
the things he would say,
but very, very competitive
and a real good athlete.
You know, thinking back to the shape he was in,
how much he could play.
He never got injured.
He looked like a swimmer to me.
Yeah, never got injured.
He had those big shoulders.
He wasn't jacked, but he was just, fuck, was he good for us.
Yeah, and he just, the only thing that I think affected Briz at times
was that he wanted more love.
He wanted people to understand him more.
And you can't take your time with one person on a hockey club.
You've got 20 players.
You've got a lot of personalities.
You can't give one guy all your attention.
So I think sometimes he felt like he was underappreciated a little bit.
He didn't maybe get the recognition.
But in those couple years where he played lights out for the Coyotes,
he was as good as anybody in the league those years.
Absolutely.
And he was durable.
For a guy that wasn't, like you say, a specimen necessarily, he was durable.
He rarely ever got injured.
And dealing with him one-on-one was fairly easy then?
Yeah, it was real easy.
You know, for me me i had a real
i'll tell you you know i i figured out briz very early you know when i when i took over coaching
the very first day i went on the ice with him i had been observing him for a whole year you know
i had been with the organization but not coaching so i could see him play i saw him play a lot and i
knew there were some things he needed to change.
And so I didn't know him very well, though.
So when I got the job, the first thing he said to me was,
oh, goalie coach, going to make me work so hard.
And I could tell right away that he had a little bit of an attitude.
And he saw me coming in and maybe thought that I had a reputation or something and I was going to come in and be hard on him.
And I took him aside and I said, you know, Briz, I said, listen,
I have no issue with your conditioning or anything about your game
other than a few technical things I'd like to help change.
So I want you to try a couple things.
So I asked him to go out on the ice the first day and I said,
I'm going to bring, Ed Jovanovsky was with us.
I said, Jov, I want you to stand at the top of the circle.
And I want, Briz, I want you to stand on the goal line. And I want you to try stopping puck stand on the goal
line. And I'm not going to tell you I want you to play on the goal line, but I want you to do this
drill on the goal line. I want to prove something to you here. And he said, I can't do that. I can't
stop puck standing on the goal line. I said, well, that's okay. Just try it. No, I don't, I'm not
going to, I don't, I don't stop. I said, Riz, just try it.
Do me a favor and just stand on the goal line and stop pucks.
Well, he let every goal go in.
He didn't even try.
And he said, see, I can't stand on the goal.
I said, okay.
Well, I figured him out in a hurry.
I realized it's not his idea.
So he's not, that's not how you coach a guy like this.
You have to figure out that it's got to be his idea for him to do it.
So I said to him, you know what, Brist, tonight,
I don't care if you give up seven goals.
We were going to play a preseason game.
I said, I don't care if you give up seven goals.
I don't want you outside that blue the whole game.
I don't care what you do, how you stop the puck.
Just don't come outside the blue.
And we'll talk about it later.
So he went out and he was first star.
And he said to me after the game,
see, this is the way I always wanted to play,
but they wouldn't let me play this way.
I wanted to play deeper.
So I realized again, okay, here's a guy that knows
that he can play the game really well
and he can be successful playing a little bit deeper, but he's not going to do it unless he thinks it's his, his idea.
So for now, we never had a problem.
I just realized any idea I want to take the briz, figure out a way to make it seem like it was his idea.
Yeah.
And maybe say the opposite.
And he's like, oh, what if I do this?
And you're like, yep.
Yeah, exactly.
And you know what
he was real simple he had a simple game he didn't play a complicated game he was big he didn't he
wasn't really quick but he he read the play well he played deep he was able to do it because he was
big and he was really a good goaltender i mean top of the league for a couple years there were
you know i don't remember him having too many...
Well, I mean, he brought us in the playoffs.
My first year here, we ended up going, I think,
seven games with Detroit.
And then we ended up getting swept the next year.
But whatever, nonetheless...
And he struggled a little in the playoffs.
And, you know, Briz, again,
if there was one thing about sometimes he...
You know, I think he was extremely about sometimes he, you know,
I think he was extremely competitive, and I think he cared,
obviously he wanted to play well,
but he just didn't seem like his game raised at the playoff level.
Well, that's when the paychecks stopped coming in, right?
You said it, not me.
I know, I know I did.
And especially in that second year, he knew his big payday was coming,
and he got it. And especially in that second year, he knew his big payday was coming, and he got it.
And it's unfortunate.
To me, he was a harmless guy.
He was a good guy.
And you never want to see a guy go out that quick, especially.
But I'd imagine that the money coming in helps. Well, can I tell you a funny story about that?
Sure.
So that, you know, 18 Degrees, we've had breakfast here, you and I, at times.
So that summer
when uh briz was a free agent we knew we weren't going to get him signed so don made a move uh
traded his rights to philadelphia he called me and said hey philadelphia has just offered me 60
million dollars and and i said well you know briz you're going to take it i know you're going to
take it but i'm going to tell you right now, just to be honest with you,
you'll never play that contract out.
You won't last in Philadelphia.
You'll never play it out.
So I'm not saying that you can't take it or you shouldn't take it
because you have to.
It's security for your family.
It's security for you.
But you are not going to last in Philadelphia.
You said that to him.
I said, and I've been, and I'm telling you because I've been there
and I know how difficult it was for me. I've been, and I'm telling you because I've been there, and I know how difficult
it was for me.
I was there twice, and I got booed out of the arena, and I got chased out of town.
And you were making one at the time, two?
Yeah, and I didn't have sort of the quirkiness about my interviews and things that Briz had.
I just knew it wasn't going to translate very well, and that stress and pressure was going
to build on him.
And it wasn't, I didn't believe in him that he translate very well. And that stress and pressure was going to build on him. And it wasn't,
I didn't believe in him that he could play well.
It just wasn't the environment for Brizgalov with his,
with his personality. Well,
cause he came over from Anaheim to,
to,
to Phoenix.
So it's not like he's ever been in that Canadian market or a market like
Philadelphia.
And to his credit,
he tried to win them over by being quirky and funny and self-deprecating at
sometimes. And it just, it didn't translate. And eventually that city, when a guy's making the kind
of money he's making and you're playing that position, it just wasn't going to work. They
ate him up and spit him out and he's done. And did he ever call you and say you were right?
No, but we've, we've come across each other at times. We have a good relationship. And he's a nice person.
Oh, yes.
He's a really nice person.
So we never, ever talked about it.
But I know that when we had that conversation, I'm sure he's thought about it.
And he realized at some point, well, I remember him telling me this.
We actually went into Brizgalov a little bit longer than I expected.
Devin Dubnik. did I say that right?
See, I'm Don sharing again.
He's an awesome guy too.
What was his issue?
Well, Dubny had just lost his belief, not only in his game,
but he had been in a situation in Edmonton
where he probably was playing as a
number one going too young he hadn't developed and as a as a first round pick the expectations
were high on him and so he was in a canadian market got chewed out chewed up a little bit
and spit out and then bounced around and lost all his confidence um didn't have any real love of the game and was really easy to
be honest because he had the package when you look at what he is now and what he's been able to do
it was always there he just needed to get to a situation where first of all he didn't come in
as a number one goalie he came in here as a backup.
Mike Smith had signed his big deal.
So we weren't doing anything with Smitty.
And the first day we got Devin Dubnik, I remember saying to him,
listen, you just have to play now and relax and enjoy the game. Because you're not expected to be the number one.
You're coming from a situation where you're basically out of hockey.
He was in the minors.
He had gone home from the American League.
He wasn't playing down there.
So just let's work on getting your game back.
And, you know, he's one of the nicest people.
Was so appreciative.
His father sent me a letter after he got his career back on track saying, hey, thank you so much.
That's awesome.
Just that kind of a guy.
It's amazing how many lives are affected by a career, right? Absolutely. And, you know, again, thank you so much. That's awesome. Just that kind of a guy. It's amazing how many lives are affected by a career, right?
Absolutely.
And, you know, again, it's the athlete.
You know, I can sit here and try to take credit.
I give Benoit a lot of credit because I know how important that is.
And I know how important I was for those guys.
But ultimately, they have to make that decision at some point that,
hey, they're willing to listen.
They're open to making some changes.
And the most satisfying thing about coaching, especially when you're coaching more individuals,
a couple of goaltenders, is it wasn't anything in it for me. I had been there. I had played.
I had had my day. I wanted to see genuinely these guys play well because they deserved it.
They're good people. They worked hard. Their families were going to benefit.
And as you said, how many people are affected by a career,
especially when that career turns around and guys go on to play a lot of years?
Yeah, you see it a little bit now, especially goaltenders,
like the Robin Leonard situation.
What a great story that is.
Great story.
Another one with Darling a few years back winning a cup with Chicago.
We talked about him recently on the podcast. Well, we had him few years back winning a cup with Chicago.
We talked about him recently on the podcast.
Well, we had him here.
We drafted him.
Right.
And he came to development camp.
And I felt for Scott Darling a lot because he actually,
you could tell he was drinking.
He was drinking as a young guy.
He was on the ice. I mean, he was probably drunk on the ice in development camp.
And I can remember sitting down with him and realizing what a terrific person this is but he has got a lot of
struggles in life right now and he he opened up to me and he admitted what was going on and he would
call me every summer because we couldn't sign him you know he was a late round pick he wasn't
capable of playing at that time but he
would phone me every summer to tell me he cleaned up and i didn't really believe him i could tell
that he hadn't really cleaned up but then he called one summer and i realized he had cleaned
up he was different you could see it you could hear it in his voice and he got a chance went on
and ended up winning sally cup so credit to him for turning it around.
Really a terrific guy
but battling some
demons and those guys you love to
see them. Oh I love a comeback story.
But they're always one
bad day away from maybe going
the other way so you just hope for those people that
they can stay on the right track.
It sucks
because you're so talented
and essentially kind of like a goalie whisperer,
but you wanted more.
Well, it's not even you want more.
I think that, you know,
I think that it's sometimes we want to put people in boxes,
especially outside of the players in the game.
When you get to the management level, the coaching level,
you know, it's easy to put people in boxes and say,
hey, this guy's good at this, so we like him here.
But really, coaching, managing,
they all have a lot of the same elements to them, you know.
And I just always wanted to be a guy that,
once I stopped playing, pushed myself
to see, you know, where I could get to in this
stage of my career. And I, and I liked the idea of trying to work towards being a manager one day
and having, being in the position where you're making not only the decisions, but you're putting
people in the right places and running a team the way you think it should be run. So that really has
just always been the focus. And yet the things you do as a coach or a
goalie coach a lot of those translate it's it's about people it's about the way you manage
situations it's about your demeanor um it's a leadership it's leadership keeping an open mind
too i mean it seems like you you look at a lot of situations and take every variable and you're not
just stubborn on like well this is the way I did it with the last guy,
where you have to analyze the individual,
not the situation.
Or maybe eventually both, but the individual first.
And you have to learn.
You have to be willing to learn.
Again, we joked here about guys like John Tortorella
and people like that.
And I am glad of every one of
those situations I've ever been in. Correct. You have to, you have to look back and embrace those
because they form not only who you are, but they form your opinions, the way you would do things.
Some of them you didn't enjoy at the time, but without those, you don't really have a,
a real way of looking and saying, Hey, I would do this maybe differently or.
have a a real way of looking and saying hey i would do this maybe differently or well it's like taking a like a child prodigy and then all of a sudden you know in start of his professional
career now he's facing adversity for the first time and he doesn't know how to deal with it
exactly where it's just like you like because he's never experienced that that's not his fault
it's just it's now the first time he's done it where you take a guy who's maybe took in his
lumps through coming up where the first time he takes it in his pro
career, he's like, well, fuck, I've dealt with this before.
It's a lump.
I'm going to work through it and we're going to get around it.
Yeah.
And again, the game owes me nothing.
I've never been that person that felt like, hey, I got screwed here or somebody.
Well, if anything, right now I'm in the opposite way.
That's why I do this.
I feel like I need to give back because I got to fucking live five and a half years
eating fillets and getting 50 tucks a year off the ice just because I was associated.
Come on, 50? Really?
My first year in Arizona, I got 50.
Well, that's impressive.
I know.
Well, that's why they kept me around and re-signed me for two more years
is because I used to come to this locker room and be around and re-signed me for two more years. Cause I used to bring,
come to this locker room and I'd be like,
all right,
light the campfire boys.
And they were like,
fuck,
we got to keep this guy around.
He's good for morale.
And,
and once again,
the game would be nothing.
So I'd be making them protein shakes or,
or moving their,
their furniture from their house or whatever the fuck they wanted me to do.
And let's be honest,
because I mean,
you can joke about it and you're,
and you are self-deprecating at times, which is is a great way to be i think that you know most of us
can take ourselves way too seriously sometimes um but i you know i remember you around the locker
room i i was there for a lot of it and uh you can never undervalue guys and what it is in a team sport to have guys around your team that do do a lot for that morale.
So I know you, you know, hey, you made it to the NHL.
You were definitely tough.
And I always thought you should have been a defenseman.
I was a better defenseman.
Yeah, I could never understand why.
And we would talk about it in the coach's room.
I'd play it in practice sometimes
yeah you would and you can just tell i was a natural defense i was better backwards skater
than i was forward well and also for a guy like you like you know to have that element of a little
bit of toughness right it it doesn't you don't have to use it all the time but it's much more
valuable to have in front of your net and to have in your own net.
Derek England.
Absolutely.
And you watch him play now, and I've seen Las Vegas play a lot.
He's a very effective player.
Now, I'm not saying you would have been him.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I use that as an example.
Come on. I did actually play with him in Wilkes-Barre, and he's an unbelievable guy.
But we've got to get back to you.
So you just interviewed for the GM job with the Oilers.
Obviously, Ken Holland ended up getting it.
But what's that process like?
How intense are the meetings?
I think it's different probably for every situation.
I never would have been close to being prepared to go in and interview as well as I think I did
if I hadn't had the opportunity to be the general manager of the Olympic team.
That was, to me, like a lot of people, you don't realize how little you know until
you look back.
And I thought I was probably ready to be a general manager three, four, five years ago.
Why can't I do that?
That's, I see these guys doing it.
Well, looking back now, you know, it's a lot more difficult when you're in that chair and
you've got to phone a guy or tell him, hey, you're not going to make the team
or you're going to fire somebody or you're going to cut somebody.
And if you don't go through that, it's not something you can learn reading a book
or talking to somebody.
So, you know, I did feel that with the Edmonton situation, I was very prepared.
I went in with what I thought was a very good game plan.
I did a lot of work to prepare.
It's intense in the sense that you get maybe one shot to make that impression of why you would be the guy.
And obviously, I didn't get the job.
So I wasn't the guy for that particular situation.
But I learned that there is a way you have to prepare.
There is a way that,
you know,
you have to believe in yourself.
Like when you were a player,
you have to know going in there that you're being interviewed to run an
organization,
which affects a lot of people's lives.
It affects an owner who's putting a lot of money to run this team.
And it's a lot of responsibility.
But I do feel that that's the beauty of being in this game a lot of years
and being in a lot of different roles
and now having the opportunity to be in that chair with the Olympic team
where, okay, I do feel that I'm much more ready than I believed I,
or than I was a number of years ago.
One question I got was,
what's one thing you would have done differently
with the 2018 Olympic team?
Yeah, that's a really good question.
Which is difficult to say,
because you don't want to say,
I would have had this guy instead of that guy.
Whereas if you don't want to answer, I understand.
But I thought it was a very interesting question.
No, it's a very interesting question. And I i lied awake obviously at night for some nights wondering what
i would have done differently um you know i think that there was a few player decisions again not
that those players were the reason we didn't win um but i think what i learned is that we all know
when you when you when you have a team
that's successful, there's so many parts that go into a team being successful and there's luck
involved and staying healthy and all those things. But you, you know, that if you err on the side
of character and work ethic and grit, you probably are always going to be okay.
It's a safe play.
It's a safe play, but it's also really at the end of the day,
what isn't measured in analytics, what isn't measured, it's the intangibles.
And yet it's so tempting for skill and those things to sometimes cloud your mind
because you know you need it and you want it
and you're hoping for a guy,
but yet you also know that when the chips are down,
it's probably not going to come through.
And again, that's not to say there was a couple guys
that were the reason we didn't win,
but I think that I would have had um just a little bit more of that in our lineup
than then to rely are you saying like maybe a guy who you have heard might not fit in as well as as
the the character guy that you brought on board where it's like well you need a little bit of
everything on the team and i've been on teams like, I'll use Jordan Wheel as an example,
when I won a championship with the Manchester Monarchs.
He was a little bit different.
I felt that it helped that I was there because I was one of the leaders
and the older guys, where maybe the younger guys didn't embrace his quirkiness,
where I'm like, guys, who gives a fuck?
He's a little bit different, and he's the first guy on the ice,
the last guy to leave.
He wants to win here, and he's going to make our team better,
and ultimately our goal as a group is to win that trophy.
Now, we're not all here to be best friends.
We're here to work together to get a job done,
and I hope that doesn't  I loved Jordan Wheel's quirkiness.
He used to meditate before games.
He used to do the little head bob with his eyes.
We traded for him.
He played really well in Montreal.
Yes, he did.
And they wanted to re-sign him that next summer,
and he ended up re-signing in Philly.
I don't know what made up the decision,
but regardless of that
the whole discussion was just on the fact that
sometimes it's okay to have different types of personalities
you know who's another example?
David Perron in St. Louis
and I know that he's a different guy
but he's got that skill set
where he's probably underpaid for the skills that he brings
and if you have a strong group that's that has that leadership in place maybe a guy who who you
know might not necessarily get along with everyone he can't infiltrate and make an impact in a
negative way he just has to fall in line and that's just the way it's going to be yeah and i and i've
never been a guy that would worry about some quirkiness.
I really think that that is sometimes it's overrated that everybody has to fall in line and fit a, you know, ultimately at the end of the day, everybody has to be pulling the same direction.
There has to be the individuality within the concept of your team.
You know, that's what you're ultimately looking
for but i but i i think that more it was a unique situation olympics because we're we're dealing with
a lot of players that are playing in different leagues around the world that had been cast aside
had been high draft picks someone like joe bear br, who you know, who now career had taken a totally different path.
And so you don't have the same book on those guys as you do
when you're putting together the Olympic team with all your NHL players.
So it just was a lot of work of watching players,
bringing them to tournaments, trying to figure out who fit in where.
But again, at the end of the day,
it always seems to come down to the same thing.
The team that gets out there
and finds a way to outwork the other club
to come up with a big play at the right time.
So when you have,
the more players you have that way,
the more character guys,
the more grit guys,
the more guys that'll go through the wall,
it's hard to go wrong with a team like that.
You need your skill, obviously.
You need your talent.
But you need that too.
And that's why guys like Gallagher and these later draft picks
find a way to be NHL players
because they just have those intangible things.
Correct.
So I guess ultimately I wish we would have had a little bit more of that
but it's hard to find in that sort of a situation yeah you know that's that's an interesting
breakdown um i just want to answer or ask sorry some fan questions yeah maybe off this um
some someone wrote uh ask him about when the kings practice on an outdoor rink with an Adam double-A team in
Red Deer Alberta yeah and in between playing Calgary and Edmonton on his 40th birthday
Sean Avery said in an interview that outdoor ice was a great cure for hangovers I remember that
practice because I remember Craig Conroy got traded that day and so we left on the bus and
we left him behind he had to make his way to Calgary.
Some,
some,
he had to get a ride back to Calgary because he had just got traded.
Well,
Red Deer and Sylvan Lake is where I spent a lot of my summers and kind of
where my kids grew up.
So it was,
I loved that practice.
It was a,
it was a thrill and I was 40 years old and yeah,
it was my birthday and I just couldn't believe I was 40 years old, and, yeah, it was my birthday,
and I just couldn't believe I was still in the NHL.
I was still living the dream at age 40, and I was out on an outdoor rink where, for most of us, it kind of came full circle.
That's where we all started, and here I was at 40 still doing it
and being paid to do it.
I love it.
This one is more of a trivia question.
Okay.
And it goes, ha ha ha ha ha,
ask who is his absolutely unequivocally
best goalie partner ever.
Ha ha.
Well, I know who wants to,
I know who's out there
that would like me to say his name.
You know, I was really lucky.
I had a lot of great partners.
I really did.
I was very, very lucky.
I had probably some of great partners i really did um i was very very lucky i i had probably some of the best
backup guys that never played head games with the number one meaning oh fuck that happens it happens
a lot and it happens more now because the gap has kind of been closed there was a time when you had
a starter and you had a backup and they accepted their roles
and now there's a lot of situations where both guys can go in on any night and be the number
one guy but i you know i had i had jason muzzati was a great back and of course robert ash robert
ash was the one who tweeted it so you nailed it yeah well and i only only a goalie that i ever
played with would actually write in a question
and ask about himself would be Robert Esch.
He was a great partner and a great goalie.
I mean, he was a guy that his career probably should have been longer,
but, you know, Esch, he couldn't keep his mouth shut.
He always had something going on.
Did you teach him how to fight?
No, I never taught him how to fight.
I'm reading this one.
I heard he taught Robert Esch a little bit about dropping the mitts,
which came in handy when he squared off with Patrick Lilleen.
Esch, he was pretty tough.
He's built like a linebacker.
But we would do something at the end of the year
that I don't think the team would have been very happy with.
We would put on forward equipment, him and I, and we would have a one-on-one battle with
Stevie Peters playing goal and it was full contact and uh so here you had your two goalies when the
season was over out there just beating the crap out of each other in a one-on-one game I love it
uh this next question I'm very interested to hear the answer. Who was the one player that always had your number and was tough to stop?
There was a few. There was more than one.
We're going to have to make this a two-part interview.
We could have another hour and 45 minutes on this question alone.
Well, you know what? The best player I ever played against,
and I say this because obviously
Wayne Gretzky in my generation was the greatest player.
But Mario Lemieux for me was the toughest player I ever played against
because I played in the East for a lot of years.
We would play Pittsburgh four or five times a year.
So he was the most intimidating.
But funny, a guy named Wayne Presley who would score like five or six goals a year and
sometimes i think he had four of them on me it just happened to be one of those guys that wouldn't
score many goals in a season but if he had 10 50 of them were on me for some reason so i never
forget wayne presley so fuck you wayne if you're listening're listening. You lost some money for Berkey, so you owe him a couple of pints.
All right, last one.
Now this is from another goalie.
Who was your favorite OHL backup goaltender partner?
So Nick Vituci is now writing in, is he?
No, and Nick Vituci wrote in.
So he's going to love the fact that you nailed that one
and as well as Robert Escher.
You're pretty dialed in.
You know what the fuck's going on.
I tell you, I was lucky. I had a lot of great backups, and as well as Robert Escher. You're pretty dialed in. You know what the fuck's going on. I tell you, I was lucky.
I had a lot of great backups, and I called them backups
because for those guys, they played their role perfectly.
They were supportive.
When they had to play, it wasn't easy
because they got the back-to-backs a lot of nights.
And, you know, they also knew that they...
We call that a shit sandwich.
A shit sandwich.
And if they had a tough night,
they weren't getting back in for a couple weeks,
so now you've got to sit on that one for a while.
So that's a tough role.
I did that role near the end of my career,
and I was terrible at it.
I mean, I could not have been a worse backup goaltender.
I just didn't like the role.
I never was really good at not playing.
Would you say things to yourself like,
I would have had that win for the boys?
No.
You know what I would say? I respected the guy who was playing.
That was not the question.
It wasn't that the guy who was playing,
I didn't want to see him fail,
but it bothered me that I was looked at that way by the coach.
I was like, don't you know that I've been in this league a long time?
So a bit of an ego thing.
Well, and just throw me out there.
I'll find a way to get the job done.
Whether I could or not at that stage,
your mentality when you've played so long as the number one is,
I'll figure out a way.
Just put me in there.
I'll get the job done.
But you're a backup at that point
because you're probably not getting the job done at that stage know you're a backup at that point because you're probably not
getting the job done at that stage um what's next what's going on now well i'm going to go back this
year and work with montreal um i i work with a great staff there mark bergerman's a gm he's
fucking awesome let's talk about berger really quick because he took a lot of lickings and he
he fucking he just takes them.
And he shuts his mouth.
He doesn't throw anyone on the bus.
He takes all responsibility.
And I'm happy for him that he turned it around.
Well, the greatest thing about Burge, aside from the fact that he's done what you said, is turn it around in the eyes of people he's turned around.
He's never really ever turned it around because he's always been the same.
He approaches the game the same way.
You're not going to make all
great moves. Not everything's always going to
work out. But Burge is a really good
person. And what we talked
about earlier, if you knew him as a player
or know him away from the rink,
you may not think he has the ability
to command
the respect to do that job, which it's
the opposite. Because of the way he is and the
way he treats people and the responsibility he gives to people,
he's a great manager.
And yet, away from the ring, he can have fun.
He can be a clown sometimes.
He can joke.
He can take steroids and lift weights.
I don't know.
Just kidding, Bergie.
We got the biggest, strongest staff I have ever seen
between him and Marty LaPointe
and Trevor Timmons.
You guys are going to have to get piss tested. We're going to have to talk
to Bettman about this one. You just spilled the beans.
Look at me. I'm the
small guy in the group. Imagine that article
in the Montreal paper coming out.
All the management tests for
PEDs. I'm staying away for that question.
I tell you what, they work hard. They're in the
gym a lot, those guys, and not, obviously
there's a lot of work to be done, so you don't
have that much time, but they figured out a
way to combine it.
Well, that's good. I want to thank you for
your time. This one ran super long. I'd
imagine it's going to be a two-parter.
I was always intrigued
by what you did with not only
Briz Golov and then Smitty, and then of course
with Dudnik, but I wasn't here.
But just every time I talk to you, you're so articulate
and you really think things through.
And to me, this is my favorite interview I've ever done,
and I don't do many solo.
I did Kerry Frazier, but thank you for your time,
and I love you, Berkey.
This is you too, bud.
And I just want to say that, you know what?
I'm really proud of you.
You're a guy that, it's not easy.
We all know that when you leave.
A little stroke off session here?
No, no.
This is just something that I think.
I pull my pants down.
We're in my apartment on my couch, by the way.
So here, let me get.
We're a long ways away from.
Let me get my CBD cream out.
It's a big couch.
I can see why you need a big couch.
50 kills a year.
You got to have a lot of room on your couch.
It's like the Playboy Mansion Scottsdale edition.
No, but I do want to say that it's as you get
further away from your playing career
you also realize it's
not easy to make a transition
and it's becoming harder
and harder but a guy like you
who is willing to work
put the time in and
let's be honest you've got this far
because you're a worker and so I am proud of you I think you've got this far because you're a worker.
And so I am proud of you.
I think you've done a great job.
You've turned a good career into a great after career, and that's harder to do.
Buddy, I appreciate that.
You didn't have to stroke me off like that.
I might even get Mikey G to edit that part out because this is all about you, not me.
But, Buddy, thank you for your time, and I'm imagining everyone's going to love the insight.
And we don't really get to talk to a lot of goalies,
although I am going to try to get Curtis Joseph on here.
He'd be a good converse.
He's a very interesting guy, Curtis, and he's had a great career.
All right.
Thanks for having me.
I really appreciate it.
Anytime, buddy.
Thank you.
That interview was also brought to you by Can I Brands.
Chicklets fans, thanks to everyone who signed up for the Can I Brands
first ever Feel Amazing Sweepstakes Spectacular.
One lucky winner will be announced in next week's episode,
so make sure to tune in.
Can I Brands is a CBD company creating all natural hemp-derived products
for an athletic wellness company started by athletes,
built for performance, and puts wellness at the core of everything they
do and stand for. Whether that's giving your day a boost, getting a better sleep, mending an injury,
or refreshing your mind and body, Can I Brands has a balm, cream, spray, and oils made for you.
We're also excited to announce that Can I Brands is now screening official partners
to sell with in store so if
you are a gym or health club spa or therapy clinic and are interested in carrying can i brands bombs
creams oils and sprays in your stores email info at can i brands.comcom. I-N-F-O at C-A-N-I-B-R-A-N-D-S.com to learn more.
You know you love it.
You know you want it.
Go online and hit up canibrands.com
and use promo code biz20 to receive 20 off your next purchase.
Live life, feel amazing,
and follow canibrands on Instagram to stay updated on more sweepstakes,
contests, and promotions coming soon. Can I Brands, the company behind your favorite
all-natural CBD creams, balms, sprays, and oils. Can I Brands, feel amazing.
Once again, thank you to Sean Burke for coming on. An awesome personality, very articulate,
and it was very interesting hearing his comments
about how he would manage different personalities
like Devin Dubnik,
Mike Smith, and Ilya Brzgalov.
So a big thank you to him for coming
on, and we have a
very special announcement to make,
and Grinnelli's going to help me with this one.
We're going to be collaborating
with... Grinnelli, you can take it over.
NHL 20.
The boys will be in the game.
NHL 20.
Spitting Chicklets will be in the game.
We will be.
What?
Yeah.
I'm going to be a goalie.
Biz and I had a call with sports today and Chicklets gear will be available
when you create a team,
create a player and that kind of aspect.
Biz,
you know,
film some commercials while he was out in L.A.
with some NHL guys.
I'll let him get into that.
But throughout the entire season, we're going to be doing a ton of stuff
with EA, whether it's ratings adjusting with the players.
You guys can rip on guys that won't come on the podcast.
You can dump their rating down.
We're going to be very collaborated with EA Sports NHL
20 this upcoming season. Stay tuned
for more news, but it's some
pretty big news that we're really excited about.
Wow, you pretty much did the whole ad read there,
Grinnelly. Now, Whit, you were going to chime
in with a question.
I was actually just
thinking with the amount of G
I play, if I start playing video games,
I'm for sure getting divorced. I'm going to be like, no no this is work as i'm creating a team with a chiclets helmet okay
so when we're at the offices on the 22nd through the 26th of september we should we should go on
one of those streaming things and play a little bit of ea 20 or sorry uh nhl 20 from ea boys this
is yeah people have chiclets uniforms in NHL 20.
Well, no.
There's different versions now.
It's so crazy, this game. You can basically
play outdoor. There's these new things
called squad battles where it's basically...
Squad battles is the outdoor game, Grinnell.
Yeah, so you'll be able to...
Yeah, you'll be able to wear spit and chicklets hoodies.
The guys will be able to be in our...
So it's almost pumping our merch too.
So it's a win-win for us.
And you have your NHL players in like
or is this when you make your own player?
Sorry.
No, you can play with the NHL players on the pond as well.
So let me go through some talking points here,
and they wanted me to go through these quickly.
I know there's some fans listening that don't play video games,
but we have a lot of
them to do so i ended up it was in vegas where i met up with pk suban who was last year's cover
of the game who introduced austin matthews this year's cover so one of the cool things that
they're doing is they're they're implementing uh the oh fuck signature shot the player's signature
shot so you know austin matthews has that fancy little like he kind of drags it and shoots well The signature shot, the player's signature shot.
So, you know, awesome.
Matthews has that fancy little, like he kind of drags it and shoots.
Well, in the game, it does that too.
You know, PK has that big windup.
It has his signature shot.
And of course their signature celebrations.
Mine would have been backdoor one-timer.
Yes.
Well, you can, you can create that.
We also have to mention that the game
comes out on Friday the 13th,
September Friday 13th.
It's Wednesday now, so in two days
that's going to come out worldwide
on Xbox One and
PlayStation 4.
As Grinelli kind of touched on
as well, so let's say a guy comes on here
and he has an
unbelievable interview and he's 10 out of
10 a current player we can tell ea to bump him up let's say it was a fourth line grinder who came on
and just dropped fucking heat we bump them up to like a from a 79 to a 99 the game for like a month
so everyone will be picking this guy up and he can go on a heater in the video game so
we're going to be talking to you guys more about how we're going to implement that and and that content where that
we filmed in vegas with pk suban and austin matthews uh will be coming out shortly on the
spit and chicles channels the one thing i've seen so far in that game is the picture of austin
matthews it's incredible how much it looks like them like the graphics are
unbelievable in this game it's so realistic like granted i played like 15 years ago it feels like
but it was the same face for every guy then i mean all of a sudden now they got like austin
matthews snout it's perfect well i'm gonna have to dust off my joystick and stop playing video games again, too.
All right, we're sitting there for five minutes of that fucking joke.
Cocked and loaded.
That's what you were giggling about.
Hey, quick note.
Is the Pig Whitties in Canada officially?
I see some Nova Scotia stuff.
Real quick, I know we've spent plenty of time on it. I just want to let the Canadian listeners know it's not official.
People are smuggling them in. That's how much they want them folks we we have a
meeting with new amsterdam and the in the in the barstool people when we get to new york we're
going to figure out the canadian situation as soon as possible i know you guys want this vodka just
as much as we want you to have this vodka just ease off us just a little bit we appreciate your passion we
love you i'll fucking i'll i'll bring some in my mouth and baby bird it as soon as i cross the
border for you guys i you know me quick quick shout out to the guys who took a 20 hour drive
i don't know if it was 20 each way or 20 altogether but they drove at least 20 hours to get some pink
weight and so special shout out to those characters it's like the prohibition they say hey they get they get home and their buddies are like yes they're like dude
sorry we gassed them all on the way back it took us five days oh speaking of the pink whitneys i'll
be bringing some uh i'm gonna at least try to bring some up to uh saskatoon when i go to the
blades game i don't know if you guys heard i'm'm dropping the ceremonial face-off at a Saskatoon Blades game
for their home opener.
Nice.
But they announced it, and then they posted a picture of me.
Guess who they fucking tweeted underneath who else is going to be there?
Wendell Clark.
How disrespectful that they posted me first before Wendell Clark.
I was embarrassed.
Oh, that actually is. Because you know before Wendell? First before Wendell Clark. I was embarrassed. Oh, that actually
is. You know why you're embarrassed?
Because you played in the league and you know
other guys that played in the league are like, why is he
fucking above Wendell Clark?
Exactly. This man who
know you more than Wendell Clark, but players
are like, dude, that's Wendell Clark.
But to make up for the
mistake, I'm going to smuggle in a few bottles
of Pink Whitney.
And I'm also doing a couple of bar appearances,
one in Edmonton the night before,
one in Edmonton the night before.
And then I'll be doing one after the game and I'll be tweeting out and Instagramming where I'm going to be.
Cause Hey,
I want to bring these bottles to the bar and have a shot with some of the
fans,
man.
I fucking,
I love going back to Canada.
Busy.
Like I love,
I love doing bar appearances.
Unreal. Just go with it. Hang love doing bar appearances. It's unreal.
Just go in there, hang out, crush something.
It's bitching.
What a life.
One other request we get from fans, and I just want to address it briefly.
Fantasy talk request.
None of the three hosts play.
I'm not sure.
Grant, do you play fantasy?
No.
We don't play, so we don't follow it.
So, frankly, we're not going to talk about it.
It's just not something we're going to waste time on because we don't do it.
It would be foolish if we did because we don't play. It wouldn't be authentic. Exactly. We're not going to be phony, and we're not going to talk about it it's just not something we're going to waste time on because we don't do it it would be foolish if we did because we don't play it wouldn't be
authentic exactly be phony and we're not phony now saying that moving forward when i have more
time on my hands and maybe you know once we all do i i wouldn't be able to entertain the thought
okay but just for now and also like you know i know someone fellow asked for scoring predictions
he's like maybe you guys can predict who scores 20, 30, 40, 50 goals.
He's like, it's only six.
I'm like, dude, it would be 10 times worse than me naming fucking Seattle names
if we were naming scoring predictions.
We should read the Seattle teams.
Has that guy ever seen, like, the picks I make?
Like, what makes him think that I'm going to know who's going to score that many goals?
I can't even pick a winner in the game.
And speaking of picking a winner, I find that people who don't do fantasy, whether it's football or hockey, are gambling. It's like,
if you're gambling on games, like say they play a fantasy hockey season for a thousand bucks and
you're sprinkling action like three, four nights a week. I don't think that it kind of crosses over.
So I think people enjoy playing for a decent amount of money over a long season but if you're a degenerate like me and you are a it's like dude i don't have time
for that yeah exactly that's what the fucking real dough is a couple of those quick stories we want
to jump back to a little update on ray ferraro's silver stick we've had a lot of silver stick
sorry but i got a note dropped to me a few years years after Ray's 1,000th game back in the 98-99 season,
his buddy Steve Mathis actually reached out to the Kings and said,
hey, do you know Ray never got a silver stick?
The Kings weren't aware.
They went ahead and rectified it.
So thanks to my pal Mike Camito for that information.
So Ray got a stick and the Kings paid for it.
What's up, Whit?
Yeah, basically, I've just  the silver stick stuff.
As long as Bert gets one, I wonder what's going on there.
I got a FaceTime from Bert and Fitzy the other night. I missed it at 1am I wish I was up for that one
but as long as he gets a silver stick I'm happy the silver stick talk is kind of yeah no it was
just like I said I'm not we're not wasting time on it's just a quick note uh there was a bit of
an Ovi scare the other day Ovechkin yeah took a little Dixie on his bike cracked up his nose a
little then he took an awkward fall in practice I guess he yelled real loud and struggled to get off the ice.
But he was back out there.
But a stat I come across, he's only missed 30 games in 14 seasons.
I never realized that.
That's fucking crazy for a guy who plays the game at his level,
at his weight, his force, all that fucking shit.
That number blew me away, eh, Biz?
I mean, that's two games a year.
I mean, it'd be rude not to say the words russian gas
and maybe you just cross the sauce you cross sauces you just hey listen i i'm i'm 100 i'm
not accusing um alexander ovechkin of doping like come on well it'd be rude not to use the words
russian gas r.. Or cross and sauce. Sauce.
Either way, very, very impressive what Ovechkin's done.
Only missed 30 games in 14 seasons.
And he plays a physical game.
He's out there running around.
Exactly.
Exactly.
He's not a dainty fucking goal scorer.
Remember in the peak of his career where he would have shifts,
where he'd have like two goals, six hits, like four assists.
He would just be out there
killing guys burying people um dude how about uh halsey sending out his uh fucking tweet the other
day new jersey devil's looking for a new goal song and he wants people to vote for hip-hop hooray
now dude that's a pretty pretty good jam for a goal song though i get the whole crowd going hey
oh then they can discover the rest of Naughty by Nature's collection.
Well, they'll be getting a lot of them this year.
That's a talented lineup.
I would say they have the most pressure.
Would you say they have the most pressure to make the playoffs
of any team going into the season?
Oh, that could be.
I mean, that's a playoff lineup, no?
Great for our previews.
But, yeah, they're right up there.
They're right up there.
Yeah, but I tend to think the pressure is always higher up in Canada.
I mean, I think it's got to be tighter in Montreal than New Jersey.
Oh, yeah.
Even more expectations.
Yeah, I guess I wouldn't  I would consider Montreal a bubble team.
I don't necessarily know if they're a playoff team.
You know who the most pressure is this year to make the playoffs?
No.
The Cats down in southern Florida.
Oh, yeah.
They have the most pressure.
They got Quentinville.
They got all these signs.
That's the team that if they don't make the playoffs, it was a disaster.
It's ironic.
All that pressure is probably internal because the fan base, you know,
down there doesn't put the same pressure on that other places.
But, yeah, that's a good call right there, Whit.
I got a little scoop over the weekend.
Our buddies, the Kachuk brothers, Matt and Brady, they had their sister.
She's a savage at field hockey.
She's unbelievable.
And she had a game about two hours away.
And rather than drive to the game with the rest of the family they fucking got a pj to go two hours to this
just this fucking field hockey game go home again oh man that was fucking high rolling i was dying
when i heard that one come on seriously i respect the shit out of that how many beers do you think
they crushed on that private plane? Oh, fuck.
Imagine instead of taking the ride with the fam, like, no, we're going to take a fucking private jet for a two-hour ride.
That's like you only got a case.
You only got a case of beers?
It's a two-hour flight.
Exactly.
Hey, gang, before we go any further, let's talk about Roman for a second.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer.
Like I always say, thinking about Gretzky goals, Stanley Cups,
who won the most, all that stuff to distract yourself, but it doesn't work.
That's why the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast acting,
and the best part, they don't require a prescription.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
Swipes are great.
They will not interfere with your partner, so you can last longer without worrying.
And the best part, they're super easy to use.
Just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry, get to work, and you're good to go.
That's it.
When you go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets,
you can get your first month of swipes for just 5.
When you choose a monthly plan, if you use the link GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Another friend of the program, we haven't seen him for a while, but Colby Armstrong, he had a little Dixie doing Battle of the Blades up in Canada.
Can you explain Battle of the Blades for our American listeners?
Battle of the Blades is former hockey players taking it to the figure skating rink.
And I actually got asked to do Battle of the Blades this year.
And because of my schedule, I had to turn it down.
It would have been a blast.
Man, Brian McGratton's doing it.
Big Ern's doing Battle of the blades so i don't know
if you american listeners are able to watch it because it is through a canadian network
hopefully you guys can watch it online but i suggest supporting it pj stock i believe is
taking colby armstrong spot correct wish colby a speedy recovery awesome guy very well liked
just a fucking all-around beauty, and all the rest of
the contestants. I think I'm going to have to be going for Big Earn because I just think the fact
that he's doing this is hilarious, covered in tattoos, used to be a big-time scrapper, and now
he's showing off the twinkle toes. Yeah, and dude, I'm strong. I don't know if he popped his kneecap
a lot, but he looks like- I texted him. I texted happened i just saw that video he goes i tore my hammy bro
i go oh shit i'm sorry that's not that's not as bad as what it could have been i thought
he might have heard needed a disc or something yeah i go fuck man i'm sorry i feel better and
he goes i'll be fine i'm pretty resilient ha ha, ha, ha, ha.
He's resilient.
I'll give him that.
Also, I want to say thanks to Sidney Crosby, our buddy.
He was on Tim and Sid over the weekend up in Canada,
and they brought up the interview we did with them,
and he gave us some really nice words, really kind words. So thanks to Sid for giving us a little bit of a shout out there.
And also, congrats to Jamaica.
They won the Amerigo latin uh cup it
was the latin american uh tournament it's a tournament made up teams from latin america
and caribbean island nations you know we've talked about some pretty prominent nhl players
with latin and or hispanic backgrounds lately gomez garen uh and to see a team from jamaica
that you know this is you know they're a long way from olympic qualification but there's i think only
one guy from the team actually from jamaica It's a lot of Canadians of Jamaican ancestry,
similar to, you know, Americans playing in Italy in the Olympics.
But it was a pretty cool moment for the team.
I mean, you don't hear Jamaica winning too many hockey tournaments.
So I thought that was a nice little story I wanted to share.
I love it, man. Grow the game.
It's only going to benefit everybody.
Absolutely. No more than that, you know.
Not to get to the business side of it, but, you know,
then it's creating more revenue,
and then they're able to give you a more inside look,
maybe expand on teams.
I wouldn't say more games, but just more hockey content in general.
So it's great, man. I love that.
And going back to that Tim and Sid comment,
we got some big praise for some guys that have been doing it a long time,
and those guys are a big deal up in Canada.
So for them to mention us, we're very appreciative of  appreciative?
Yes.
Yeah, you got it, buddy.
Thank you.
Thank you.
We're very appreciative of that, and anytime anyone pumps their tires,
like we're  I'm fairly new to the media game, and, you know,
I'm still learning a lot.
So to get praise from guys who have been doing it that long, you know,
I fucking love a nice tire pump.
Yeah, absolutely.
And I think we got one last story here.
It has a little bit of a local bent to it.
Up me wits in Grinelli's alley.
Antonio Brown to the Patriots.
After all the henhouse shit he was pulling in Oakland,
they finally release him.
Of course, the Patriots swoop in and get him.
You know, I made some quotes online and people,
oh, I really fucking, you suck, your quotes suck, blah, blah, blah.
It's like, dude, listen, like the NFL is not real life.
You can't compare what Antonio Brown did to your office job,
your construction job.
You know, these guys play of a career less than three and a half years.
Only the top stars make money.
This guy basically just shot himself out of town.
I think it's just, you know, in hockey, you can go in a press scrum, shit on your GM,
and then you'll get traded. We saw that with Adam Oates 20 years ago. But I think in the NFL,
when you're a highly talented diva, mercurial wide receiver with Hall of Fame talent,
you're not going to get traded like that. So you're going to keep getting leeway.
So he had to keep acting like an asshole to get fucking basically kicked off the team.
I think people are way too dramatic about it.
Well, there's a footnote we're going to add to this,
but prior to today, he had really no real record with anything.
I thought people didn't react like this when Greg Hardy signed with Dallas.
I think the Patriots just drive fucking people crazy.
They added a great player.
We'll get to the additional note in a second,
but what do you got on this one, Whit?
I root for the Patriots, dude.
I don't give a shit.
People, they're trying to pretend like, oh, you have assholes in your team.
It's just, you know, I root for my team.
I don't really care who's there to make it up, makes up the roster.
I will say this guy seems like a complete lunatic.
I mean, he actually seems insane.
But if you then go into the fact that he might not be because he knows exactly what he's doing.
When I read that he actually hired a consulting team to basically help him social media-wise to get  is that fake biz?
So the reason I wanted to jump in here is the guy who was helping him create those social videos and posting to his YouTube, he went on the Dan Labattard show,
and he works for ESPN.
Oh, you're not a big fan of him?
Labattard is so painful, but go ahead.
Well, he had this kid on to talk about it
and how the whole situation went down.
And after hearing him talk, and I get that he's probably coming
from a more biased standpoint
towards Antonio Brown but just the way he was talking about the situation he was like
man like I was there for a lot of the shit while it was going down and some phone calls and like
like he's getting portrayed more like the bad guy when when in fact Oakland may have handled a few
of the situations poorly listen am I Peyton Antonio brown is the good guy in this fuck no he was it was a sideshow
but also do you have any emotional connection towards the game of football no i want it from
a pure entertainment standpoint fucking feed me that bullshit all my team to win
and feed me that drama all day long because that's exactly what that league is it's a side
show it's kind of like the NBA where now all these high-end talents are just kind of running the show
and saying whatever and another aspect of that is NFL all right you comments aren't they treat
their players like shit if you get hurt you don't have guaranteed money see you later so I love when
those guys bend over the owners and GMs exactly and people like oh they get treated like cattle it's like well yeah they're
not guaranteed like you know you always hear about the big contracts you don't hear about the guys
who fucking try out get their knees wrecked and they have no money they get nothing but a broken
down body that's what i'm talking about not the fucking millionaires and we're aware that
antonio brown had 30 million guaranteed we're just saying is like we're not talking about that specific situation
in general.
It's pretty cutthroat, the NFL.
I think we can all agree on that.
Two things.
First being I've seen it kind of everywhere.
I don't know who originally said it,
but we used to think that Terrell Owens doing push-ups and sit-ups
in his driveway was being a diva, dude.
Try fucking calling your GM a cracker and being a complete side show
that's not true either really so apparently that that so that kid talked about it on that dan
levitard show i want a lot of people like this is why a lot now is i don't comment when things
happen on on twitter because usually there's so much things to roll out afterward that your hyperbolic response was,
was regarding a situation that didn't even take place or was fabricated and it
didn't even go down that way.
So I like to sit back and look at all the evidence now.
Okay.
Hearing that kid talk,
as I said,
he's,
he worked for Antonio Brown.
So you're going to get a little bit more biased perspective,
but it was interesting hearing what he had to say about it and how at certain points like the gm saying like hey everything's good everything's squash
and then all of a sudden he gets a letter saying that he's he's lost his guarantee where it's like
well why did you tell me everything's cool again when you just took away my fucking guarantee now
i gotta play week to week so there's some other bullshit that was going on behind the scenes
and i do i do think though that one of the main factors was,
this isn't me guessing.
I've read it, but I agree with it.
He got there, and he saw David Carr, and he's like,
nope, this guy, I don't think this guy's that good.
That wouldn't surprise me.
And the other thing is, I know it's been said,
and Drew Rosenhaus came out, his agent,
and said that there was no deal or anything. He knew exactly what he had coming for him
if he got out of there. I'm not saying New England had everything lined up in New England.
I know tried to trade from, I'm not saying there was a deal. There could have been, but
he knew exactly where he was probably going to go. He probably had a list of three teams
where he's going to end up and he probably knew exactly how much money he was probably going to go, he probably had a list of three teams where he was going to end up, and he probably knew exactly
how much money he was going to get, too.
I don't know if you guys agree with me, but part of me wants Oakland to win now.
I want them to make playoffs just because I feel like they've been made a fool.
I don't know.
John Gruden seems like a type of guy who just loves football,
wants to do well.
Even when Antonio Brown put that clip out,
and apparently he did give him consent, he was like,
yeah, I love it.
Like you're, you're being passionate about football.
And if this is what you need to do.
No, I don't think so.
I think that he did not get consent.
He put it out there.
And then when Gruden was asked, he's like, yeah, I love it.
Cause what else was he going to say?
And I do think in that call Gruden came off.
Awesome.
Yeah.
The one line he's like, dude, can you cut the shit and just play football?
Yeah.
And that's like, I'm a human being.
Like you just said, Whit, I mean, you talk about the organization,
the Raiders, they're fucking, their owner's kind of a peck ahead.
This is an organization that instead of giving 100 million to the,
arguably the best defensive player in football,
they gave it to a guy who hasn't coached in 10 years.
But because he looks like a fucking 1980s horror movie doll,
people love him.
I know he won his first game the other night, but, you know, yeah,
it's probably not an organization you want to go to. And look, I'm just going to go fucking like
Corporal Klinger for MASH for a month. I'll get fucking my release. And like his agent said,
there was shitload of deals all day. Our teams are lining up to fucking Adam. No, no, no surprise
there. All right. Well, actually, let me, I'm sorry. I did have the footnote. This came in very
late. This actually started right before we recorded. So we don't want to think we're praising
Antonio Brown without mentioning this. It came across about an hour ago. Rape and sexual
charges just revealed, sexual assault charges just revealed that a federal lawsuit from minutes ago,
they were filed by a trainer who he met years ago at Central Michigan. His agent quickly put
out a statement denying any wrongdoing, said that any interactions were wholly consensual.
Now this, I'm just going to add, we're not taking any sides here, but interestingly, there was a video scroll posted to Twitter in the
last several days of a woman who had a scroll of DMs that she was talking to Antonio Brown,
and this woman claimed she was communicating with him and that she had a recording of this
woman who's accusing Brown that she was saying that she was going to extort him.
Again, we're not taking sides here.
Oh, so this woman came to back Antonio Brown up.
But she backed it up before the story broke tonight.
Like this video was online.
I think that incarcerated Bob fell ahead of like last week,
or maybe it was Saturday or whatever.
And you can see that you can read the scroll.
It's A.B.'s feed.
And, you know, she's like, this is wrong.
I don't want to see this happen.
And I have a tape of this person saying they're going to extort you,
and then there's news break.
So I'm just adding context.
Right.
Anyone's innocent or guilty.
You know, like I said, we just want to add additional context.
But, you know, that was the big story in New England.
You know, me, Whit, and Grinnelly are big Pats guys.
But any other final stories?
Boys, we've been going for a good little run here.
Any other stuff you wanted to add?
On a happier note, T.J. Oshie is going to be getting a baby boy.
He's got two baby girls.
They did a gender reveal on the ice.
He hammered a big slap shot home and finally got his boy.
I would imagine if you're a father and you have two girls,
you're just begging for a boy on the third.
Daddy's always happy, like Gordon Haywood.
That was still the best.
What is it called?
What he did when he slapshot it?
Gender.
Yeah, that was the best gender reveal ever.
Daddy's always happy.
Oh, I forgot about that.
All right, boys.
I think, you know, we've been going for a while here.
We got everything we needed to wrap up.
We had a nice interview with Berkey.
I think, you know, everybody had a nice weekend in there.
It was great. Appreciate it. Cannot wait to see you guys. everything we needed to wrap up. We had a nice interview with Berkey. I think, you know, everybody had a nice weekend in there.
Cannot wait to see you guys. I know. I'm looking forward
to that, man. I'm
getting on the train Sunday
afternoon at 20.
What is it? 22nd. So that'll be fun.
Three, four days. Looking forward to it. Can't wait
for that. Dinner from busy.
Always don't forget. Busy's buying us dinner?
Oh, yeah. Fuck it. I'll buy you guys dinner. What's going to always don't forget buying us dinner. Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fuck it.
I'll buy you guys dinner.
What is expense at the Portnoy?
Uh,
last thing guys,
NHL 20 comes out Friday.
Do not forget.
Spitting chicklets are going to be pumping guys up.
They come on and do good interviews.
So make sure you tweet at your favorite players.
Tell them to get on the spitting chicklets podcast.
And next thing you know, you're going to be buzzing around.
So Wierenski's going to be like a seven overall after we crush him,
after screwing us over on two different interviews.
Oh, that's right.
You can come on the podcast twice.
So Wierenski's going to be sitting on the fucking bench with biz.
Love you guys.
All right, gang.
Last thing, and two, the two kids I played with today,
they said right away, hey, we're big fans of the show,
so it made the day pretty special. It was Derek
Paxton and Nick Rivellini, so
those two good dudes, we appreciated
that. Golf nerds.
I know we mentioned EA Sports
and Pink Whitney already, but we want to send special
thanks out to Peloton. That promo
code, once again, is Hockey. You're going to go
Can I Brands? That promo code there is
Biz20. Roman Swipes, promo code is Chicklets, and for Seat can i brands that promo code there is biz 20 roman
swipes promo code is chiclets and for seat geek the promo code is hockey please support our
sponsors we appreciate it thanks everybody have a great weekend And may sunshine and happiness surround you when you're far from home
And may you grow to be proud, dignified and true
And do unto others as others ask you to have time to
Be courageous and be brave
And in my heart you'll always stay
Forever young
Forever young
Forever young Forever young Forever young
Forever young
