Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 202 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka.
We got less than two weeks until opening night. We got a big NYC trip on the horizon.
The Muppets take in Manhattan once again. Plenty of news and signs to break down, but let's do our usual intros with the boys first.
Mikey Grinelli, producer.
What's going on, my man? What's up,
guys? This will be the last time I see you
until New York City, which means good dinners
and I'll actually be hanging out with some chicks.
This is good. I can't wait to see Uncle
Biz and hang out with some chicks.
They hang out with some chicks
more.
You're in Manhattan. You should be with chicks every night down there, guy.
Yeah, no shit, Cornelli.
You have a new apartment, too, and a man-rocket
roommate. That's true.
Definitely true. Next up,
a boy out in the desert, Biz Nasty,
Paul Bissonette. What's going on, my man?
You were singing at the beginning
there, just fluid with that nice
little pink Whitney ad read slash intro.
It's great to see you.
I never thought I'd say this already,
but I'm excited to see that face in person come Sunday night.
It's going to look a lot cleaner.
I'm due for a shave and a haircut.
Going to get that professionally done.
I'll be looking a little better.
You go to the wood, right?
The wood?
Like you're just going full.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Full fucking job. I'm thinking of a handsome
bald actor right now ed harris maybe and last but not least certainly ryan whitney the wit dog
what's going on brother not much guys i was home with rider all day today 7 a.m to 7 p.m wife had
stuff to do and holy shit people i mean mothers out there stay at home dads if they're out there good for you
that is tough shit sometimes what was the biggest meltdown of the day let me hear it out oh he had
a complete meltdown i'll bring him over to wallaston all the time which is the golf course
we live like you know you can walk over there and i'll bring him over he throws the balls around
golf cart golf cart golf cart golf. Bomb around in the golf cart.
I wish I could take the governor off and just rip it with him.
But I hold my arm against his chest, and we're just flying around the golf course.
And we do it for an hour, and he goes to different, like, holes and throws balls, whatever.
And when we leave there, it is a gong show.
It's a bone meltdown.
I'm dragging him.
I'm carrying him.
He's over my shoulder.
He's kicking.
He's punching my back he's kicking he's punching
my back i'm like buddy we'll come back tomorrow get one home after that but either way it's like
i was really looking forward to the podcast night because i'm like god this is this is way easier
than being a stay-at-home parent a little bit of escape i got a question though so at what point
would he not cry would you have to keep driving around until he legitimately fell asleep?
No, I think no matter what, whenever we were leaving,
if we stayed three hours or 40 minutes, he doesn't want to leave.
Okay, so you're telling me  He's like me.
Can you do us  can you give us a case study?
Can you just keep driving around until he decides he wants to leave?
Yeah, I actually will do that.
Do it for two hours, and then at least you can look him in the face
and say, are you kidding me?
I did twice the amount of time, and you're still bitching?
And I just want to see his face.
I thought I could sneak out once and have him just sit in the cart,
and I'd hit my buddy, but then he just started going after everyone's balls
and crying, and he was being loud.
You can't have a baby on a golf course.
I'm pretty sure R.A. would agree.
I tailed out of that.
What you need is one of those doctors.
You know, have you ever seen the clips of the doctors that do all those tricks
and then they ended up giving the kid a shot
and the kid doesn't even know he got the shot?
Yeah, until he
He just attacked him because he's a kid.
Yeah, but he basically surprise attacks him.
Right.
You're going to have to hire one of those guys in order to leave every time
so he just gets distracted and doesn't even think about the golf cart.
Maybe you get some guy to blow up some balloons or something.
Try it.
It's actually not a bad idea.
I could pay one of the bag boys.
Hey,
what a clown nose on.
Buddy.
I will pay the 10 bucks.
Just get it.
Yeah.
Kids definitely talk to you.
Oh,
you only got one man.
Imagine having fucking. Oh no, I can't imagine it. You only got one man. Imagine having fucking three of them.
Oh, no, I can't imagine it. I can't imagine.
Hopefully it happens soon, but
it's going to be just a gong show.
And I want to mention we do have
a guest coming a little later, Jimmy Hayes.
Played for Florida, played for Boston. Awesome
kid. Such a nice guy. We've been talking
to him for a little while, trying to get him on. He's not
in the league right now. I'm not sure if he had a contract
yet, but just a super dude. Happy guy, appreciates his spot in life, even though he's
had a rough couple of years. So we really enjoyed our chat with him. Hoping you folks do too. We'll
get to that in a little bit. But first, I think this is probably the biggest news since our last
episode. The NHLPA decided to let sleeping dogs lie and they will not opt out of the CBA next year, which ensures labor peace through at least the 21-22 season.
I obviously wasn't in the NHLPA here, but it strikes me as the best move.
I know people hate the escrow, but the way the league and revenues are growing,
it seemed like they'd be cutting off their nose to spite their face
if they did opt to kind of open that book again.
Not to mention new team coming in, TV rights are due after the 2021 season.
There's going to be more money coming in.
Plus, they can always negotiate in the meantime.
You guys were NHLPA members.
What was your take on this?
Biz, we'll go to you first.
I guess I'll start with after talking to a guy who's fairly active
in what the negotiations are and what's going back and forth,
and he's an active player.
I'm not going to say who because I don't want to throw him under the bus.
But he seemed to think that they're really not going to ask for much in return
come the time they actually have to renegotiate and re-up.
Obviously, this one's going to extend for an extra year or two.
But it's health insurance and a few other minor things.
And I was surprised that he didn't mention the escrow.
And he said, I don't think there's any way that's going to happen and I think the players are are not okay with
where it is but I think there is room to improve especially if the Canadian dollar does get
stronger so it wasn't something that they were going to go after um I think if anything moving
forward in a few years if things do keep going the way they're doing I think that the players
should get the little bit
that they are asking for in return.
I feel like every time there has been a lockout,
the owners have ultimately won,
especially the year where there was that rollback.
I don't know if it was 20 or 25 rollback on the salaries,
but the players have given a lot up to the owners
in order to set up the infrastructure of what it is now,
and it's clear that the league is growing at a rapid pace and that it's pretty
close to,
to even keel.
Now,
one of the other issues was the fact that some of the owners and buildings were
hiding revenue.
And what I mean by that is they were making it so where they were leveraging
the hockey team in order to buy,
let's say either basketball tickets,
maybe a concert tickets.
So there was a little bit of rift in that.
So I think it's a great deal for both sides right now moving forward
and giving them extra time to try to negotiate the little stuff.
Biz, you were well informed about that.
I love that.
The thing that I was happy about was that we're just not going to have to
deal with the nonsense of, let's not kid ourselves. The labor talk is the most boring.
I couldn't imagine trying to do that as what we do now with this podcast, because when I was playing
going through that lockout, I couldn't even listen to it, let alone talk about it as a profession.
So I'm just pumped that there won't be a work stoppage or whatever, maybe in three years. The health insurance you brought
up is, I hope the next CBA, they talk about maybe paying for retired guys' health insurance.
Did I ever bring this up with you? I think that what the player said was they would be asking for
three years after they retire, for a full three years and then
another thing is they want to implement uh some type of concussion protocol where is if they do
sustain concussions that they can get help after in fact they are retired and of course if they're
during while they're playing where they can go to these centers now that have been created in order
for for just like you would heal a major knee, you would go and heal your brain just as if, though, it was an injury, which is what it is.
So for people who don't know, the NHLPA health insurance is incredible.
It's top-notch.
It's as good as you can get, but it's expensive as shit.
My health insurance every month is 2,700.
So over a year, dude, what is that?
Close to 30?
Math guy, math guy, 36 grand roughly. I
mean, I don't know. So, so 32 and a half grand. So 32 and a half grand a year. I'd be getting a
surgery every month. If I will just listen, that's why I go to the, I go to the chiropractor three
days a week. I take advantage of it. I mean, it covers a lot, but, but like I'm saying so many
retired guys. And by the way, that, that, that health insurance I do have,
I'm pretty sure you had to play a certain amount of games to be able to keep it once you retire.
And then also once you were done playing, when I finished in Russia and, or when I retired,
when I retired in Sweden, I wanted to get the, the NHLPA insurance. I wanted to go back to it
and keep it forever. And I talked to a woman and she's like, well, when you were out of the NHL in the year in Russia, who like, did you have health insurance?
And I was like, uh, I don't think so. What do you know? Mother's no best. My mom didn't even
tell me, sign me up for like, Oh, you told me this story. That's crazy. She signed me up for
some like, whatever is it? Blue cloth, bruise shield. I can't even say the word blue, but,
but needless to say,
if she hadn't done that and I wasn't covered in the time between being done
in the NHL and trying to go for the health insurance,
I wouldn't,
I wouldn't have been able to get it because I had to be,
I would have to be covered the whole time.
And just the fact that I,
I chatted about it with some guys in the golf trip and other retired guys.
I don't know if you place,
if you play in the NHL, that league doesn't have enough money to take care of retired guys' insurance.
32,000 a year, bro?
That's fucking a lot of money.
That's crazy.
And I think that it would be  I guess three years is a start.
That's nice.
Whereas a lot of guys may say that'll be the years I need to figure out a job,
figure out a way to make money to continue to have this health insurance because it is so valuable. Which is fair. It's a nice
little grace period. I don't think it's crazy. That's way better than nothing. To expect them
to pay it forever though is that's, listen, I don't side with the owners on a lot of things.
I just think that that wouldn't be the answer because over the course of time, they would have
so many guys chipping away at 30 grand. That's lot of money to touch on one more thing that you said wit I didn't realize that when I went down to the
minors that you had a certain window of time in order to say hey I'm going to jump on back onto
the NHL insurance um after I'm done playing where I didn't fill out that sheet like you just talked
about and I mean you end up joining up with another insurance company but i didn't do it i went down to the ahl insurance and then after my ahl career i was only allowed to
stay under that insurance for 18 months and i think it was like close to 400 a month which i
was happy with but after that fact it it was done and i was on my own to find my own insurance so
you don't have so i i couldn't get back with the NHL insurance, which sucks. I wish I had the option to do so.
But, I mean, like you said, there should be that grace period.
And, I mean, obviously they're not, I guess,
in a rush to make sure these guys are signing these sheets because then
Oh, no.
I think it's one of those sneaky
Hey, send them an email to their, like, old Hotmail account.
To their junk mail.
AOL.
Send them an actual letter.
Like who opens letters anymore?
My lights are on.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Jesus.
Send it to his old address,
hoping that the people don't send it to his new one.
Who would have thought fucking DPW workers
would have a better insurance deal
than you guys after retiring?
Obviously.
Now, another thing too is,
is I think that, I think that a soft cap would be a decent thing.
I don't think that's going to happen.
From a fan's perspective, I wouldn't like it because I like the parody in the NHL
and how everybody plays on an even playing field.
But from a player perspective, I mean, everybody who's listening
or most of you have seen that chart on how much
player salaries in each of the other three major sports have jumped up over the course of the last
10 years where the NHL has essentially just stayed the same I think it's maybe gone up a million
dollars where the top end guy is making only a million dollars more than he was 10 years ago so
it's it's kind of holding the best players in the league for making a lot of money.
And, of course, the owners love that because they can't give a player
more than 20 of the team's salary.
So I think a soft cap, I mean, once again, from the fan perspective of me,
I say no.
But from the money perspective for the players, I say yeah, fuck yeah.
Biz, I want to ask, when you last played, what was your biggest gripe
with the CBA?
Outside of escrow, I know you guys hate that shit.
What was one thing that particularly irked you about the CBA?
If there was one.
I mean, of course a rollback.
That kind of pissed me off a little bit
because they weren't honoring the contracts they'd originally given out.
That rollback was fucked.
That's fucked, right?
Because it's like, hey, owners... 24?
Hey, there's one reason why the spending was getting out of control,
right? It was because of GMs giving
these guys salaries who were hired by
the owners. It wasn't the play... I mean, of course
the players and agents are asking for it.
Absolutely. But fucking... Eventually somebody's
got to sign the paperwork, right? You gave it
to them, right? Just for the people who aren't aware what the rollback was they basically when you went
after the lockout you guys had to like basically get only 75 of the deals you signed was that
exactly what it was yeah and i i don't know if i'm confused here it and then of course escrow
right so i mean i remember one year they they withhelding as much as 18. I think the most I ever got back one year was like 3 or 4.
And from what I hear, or from what I know, I guess,
I shouldn't blow smoke up your guys' ass,
is there are some players who are kicking up dust right now
because they think between a period of time
in which that new escrow situation was put into place is that they are
now aware of exactly where the owners were hiding money in certain situations where it wasn't on the
books where they were benefiting from the hockey side of things they think they they're entitled
to go back after that money which would you know, you know, an extra two or 3 over two or three years time, which fuck, I mean, Hey,
wouldn't be bad to get on a, get a paycheck for, you know,
let's say 30 grand, right. It's a fucking nice little payday.
But I think in order to do so,
you have to sign up for the lawsuit and I ain't going to fucking bother with
that. I was given plenty of money to play the sport and whatever.
It's fucking water under the bridge.
Like the wit dog said,
it's boring to talk about when you get to the nitty gritty,
but it's big news.
It's actually great news.
It's,
you know,
we're not going to have any fucking labor disputes or no lockouts or
anything for three years.
And hopefully they'll,
they'll renegotiate in the meantime and keep,
we'll keep sailing along for another decade or so.
But speaking of money,
a couple of other dudes got paid since the last episode.
I think there was already a lot of preseason positivity coming out of Philly,
probably the most in years, and it got even bigger when the Flyers re-signed
RFA forward Travis Konechny to a six-year, 33 million deal,
5.5 million AAV.
He's the type of player Philly fans love.
He's not the biggest guy, but he gets his nose dirty, scores goals,
he gives great effort.
He's only 22 coming off consecutive 24-goal season.
So this has the potential to be a real bargain at some point.
What's your take on this one, buddy?
I love it.
He's got some Marshand in him.
I'm not going to say he's as skilled, but he's a rat,
and that's a respective use of the word.
You know, when you call that, it's a good thing.
His teammates love him.
Philly, like you said,
I'm interested to talk about them when we do our
Metro preview because I think you're going to see some
big things there.
This guy adds a ton to this team
and he also got
me sent, I think, three tweets,
four tweets of people saying, hey, you guys
are bringing up all these unsigned RFAs.
Well, Connectee's not signed. He's pretty
fucking important to our team.
Some Flyers fans were bitching.
So I think they love the signing.
The money seems right.
And I think it's just a guy that'll fit in perfectly
as the years go forward in Philly
with that little run around like a rat.
Like Philly Flyers are all out there being pieces of shit.
I mean, R.A., I think that Philadelphia
kind of has their core group set for at least the
next three, four, five years here.
It's, I mean, it's shaping up pretty well.
And I reached out to a few people from the Philadelphia Flyers organization
and he embodies what a, what a flyer should be.
He's just, he's a sandpaper guy and they love him.
He gets physical for free.
He plays above his size.
I think there's
no doubting that he's he's a good 200 foot player and uh and i and i like the contract and from what
i hear guys like him in the locker room so it's a no-brainer to keep a guy around for that price
and lock him in long term looking for the fact that what does couturier make there i think he
i don't think he makes a ton of money. He's nasty.
The whole team's set up to really go on a run these next few years,
but you're right.
They're locked and loaded.
Couturier is the type of guy where he might be up for the selkie
the next three, four years.
Just another guy who's an incredible 200-foot center, plays hard,
nice guy too.
Guys love him in the locker room.
Great missing teeth.
Just fabulous missing
front jibs oh i think i i think i texted jeru because i ended up getting to see him uh i got
i saw couturier at the nhl media tour and we have a video coming out it was revolving in the ea video
game but uh jeru is just abusing him and texting hey give him a hard time about being shit at cards
on the plane and just getting fucking dummied. Dude, he's got
three more years at 4.3.
Yeah, they got another Simmons on their
hand. He's underpaid and
he fucking gets it.
Voracek makes eight and
Voracek, when he's
going, he's worth more than eight on this market.
Yeah, they got some guys
under fair contracts. What are you doing for us,
R.A.? 4.3 for Kootz is fucking insane. Not to mention, I know people like Kata Hart, people like Hunnick Zake. so yeah they got some guys under fair contracts what are you going for us all right four three
for cooch is fucking insane not to mention i know people like kata hot people like honey
say kata hot you should say have to say kata hot once an episode r.a likes when he says kata hot
so he says people like to say it when he's not true i read the comments on instagram and fucking
people beat their dicks off. Yeah.
When they're not making fun of my looks.
A lot of love for on the YouTube clip we posted yesterday for you saying Mitch Mana.
Give us a Mitchie Mana.
Mitch Mana and kind of hot walking to a bar and say, what the fuck?
Puke.
Guys, before we go any farther, I knew you guys were coming to town this week. So Goat, one of our new sponsors, hooked me up with some new shoes so I wouldn't have to go out to these restaurants with my old crusty ones.
So Goat is the global destination for authentic sneakers ranging from new releases to rare finds and exclusive drops.
Goat.com is the safest way to buy and sell authentic sneakers online. They have thousands of styles from past and
present, even shoes that are yet to be released. All are guaranteed authentic by GOAT. From Yeezys
to Jordans to Gucci's, GOAT gives you access to everything you're looking for and even those shoes
you didn't know you had to have. They work only with trusted sellers before any shoe is sold. Every detail is
inspected from the stitching, the color, to the size, to the weight. Goat ensues everything about
the shoe matches the exact factory specs. With over 15 million users around the world buying
and selling verified shoes every day at Goat, you'll find exactly what you want at the best possible price.
Find the perfect 100 authentic sneaker at GOAT.com slash chicklets.
Plus, you'll also be supporting our show.
But you've got to go right now before the sneakers you want are gone.
Go to GOAT.com slash chicklets.
Spell G-O-A-T.com slash chicklets.
All right, we've got a couple more deals here i'm
gonna be talking about the bruins trigger warning for the pussies out there who still complain when
i have to read fucking news about the bruins uh they locked up the last of their rfas as d-man
brandon carlo signed what i would say a very team-friendly two-year 5.7 million dollar deal
2.85 million aav he's very good in his own end.
He works very well with his offensive partner, our buddy, Torrey Krug.
He's not even 23, but he plays like a vet out there, man.
He doesn't look like a kid.
I mean, just very solid in his own end.
I think he actually has a little more offense to his game we haven't seen yet.
And, hey, kudos to Don Sweeney for getting him and McAvoy signed
and still having over a million dollars left in cap space.
And he can still put more ore mill on long-term if he needs to.
So, Hey, the fucking bees are ready to rock and roll and do it again.
What's up is.
Well, I was just going to say any,
any people complaining about the few deals that he had given away that
haven't panned out maybe back as being one of them.
And who's the other bad contract I'm thinking of a forward came Boleski.
You know, unfortunately both great guys just, know didn't didn't uh hasn't worked out as far as what they
were paid he's he's gotten himself off the hook for how many guys he's got locked into these fair
contracts i think that he's done an incredible job of keeping this group together obviously
kudos to the players for taking those team-friendly deals. I think that any hardcore Boston Bruin fan,
any time you see these guys out,
that's the time where maybe you buy your favorite athlete a beer,
even though he is making a few million bucks,
because he's going to make your life a lot more enjoyable,
rooting for your home team for years to come.
Buy him a beer, he wheels you, girl.
You're like, sick night.
He's like hey
team friendly deal man have fun with it
he's the guy from
make sure you rub her feet after
yeah he's got the popcorn
he's like beating off to you
bend this old lady over gives you a bottle of whiskey
when you're done
now you went a little overboard there
sorry
to me it goes back to the Sid quote we got this summer.
You know, take unless doesn't work unless everybody does it.
And, you know, the Bs certainly fall in line there.
Anything you wanted to add on this one, Whitdog, as a former defenseman?
No.
I mean, Biz says everything perfectly now.
He takes a lot of words out of my mouth.
Biz, you're getting good.
When you go to him first, I don't really have much to add after.
We'll let you go to first
on a few other subjects.
You're better at reading than I am.
Thank you, buddy.
Not anymore after my Canterbury episode
and my Budweiser commercial.
How are you?
How many takes did that have to go for you?
I was there for three and a half hours.
That was funny.
That was good stuff.
That was my flight.
Oh, man.
Another big deal, the Vancouver Canucks.
They got one of the best young one-two punches in the game right now,
and they locked up one of them for a few.
It was Brock Bessa, signed a three-year, 17.625 million deal.
Comes out to 5.875 million AAV the third year that deal is a 7.5
million dollar base salary which like Wierenski and McAvoy sets him up for a nice qualifying
offer after this deal expires not only do they get the best hair in the game but he's got 111
points in his last 131 games over the last two seasons that's 0.85 points per game that's pretty
fucking solid for a
young guy you know him and pedison are two great pieces to build around but i think that roster
still needs a lot of tweaking what would you take on this deal buddy i love it how can you not it's
funny all these deals keep coming after marner's being so much bigger and they just look so great
because you've seen what bester can do it it's kind of a shitty situation for marner not that
he cares he became that rich, but all these
other guys just look like gods when they're
taking half the money almost.
This guy, it's funny. He doesn't look
like a great skater, and he doesn't look like
one of these young, new, quick
players that just motor around.
I just think his shots out of
this world. He's not a bad
skater by any means, but I don't think he has complete jets and he's always able to score.
I mean,
he gets it around the net.
Good chance.
It's going in.
He has battled some injuries,
a little bad luck there.
So you wonder moving forward,
if we'll have to stay healthy.
But him and Patterson,
it's,
it's those two,
those two guys can really carry a team offensively.
That wouldn't surprise me at all.
If both of them are over 80 points.
I mean, maybe Besser a little less, but I could see him getting 40.
If he stays healthy, he can get 35, 40 goals,
and he's making great money if that ends up being the case.
I completely agree.
Yeah, I completely agree.
I mean, based on  without the injuries, I mean, he's a 30-goal score
based on games played.
Fuck, he should have got that
much money for for his fucking head of this salad alone that gorgeous hair of his he should know
head and shoulders should be giving him 50 million yeah exactly he should be getting the other portion
of his what he should assign for from them and another thing too he's such an unbelievable kid
i know we mentioned it last time we talked about him i think it was probably about 30 40 episodes ago but uh there's a video that came out i believe it was on sports net and he
took a special needs girl to prom like this guy yeah it's the type of guy you want to build a
franchise around he's he he's like a crosby he's never not going to get crazy with his personal
life he's going to stay by the book he's a good example in the community so i'm really happy he got this deal i'm happy that he's probably going to end up being a long
term canuck after he rips it up on this team friendly contract and i i want to say last
episode when we were talking about rfas i said he was going to get in the sixth range i think
he said just over six million so i think that that you know him coming in a little bit lower
than that but getting that big uh big amount of money on the third year of that deal
so he can sign a nice little extension is the way to go.
So good to him, and good luck in Vancouver, bud.
Not sure if he wants head and shoulders.
Isn't that the dandruff shampoo, Whit?
Oh, I know, but Paul Amalu and Patrick Mahomes are
I think they pay the big  I'm just thinking they pay big money.
I'll tell you, I used to rinse my hair with herbal essences for 15 years.
Then I heard you're not even supposed to wash your hair every day.
I used to wash my hair every day.
I guess you're supposed to do it like twice a week.
You're asking that twice a week?
Oh, Grinnelly actually.
You're not going to love this.
You're not going to love this, but I was reminded.
Kevin Hayes sent me a text.
What is going on with Grinnelly's sideburns?
And he's  folks, he's already shaking his head.
So I can pull up the picture and send to you guys the screenshot Hayes sent me.
I was almost worried that he saw this picture of your sideburns
and then, like, crashed his car and was going to miss him.
Can I get a side view?
So it doesn't look bad whenever I see you,
but this picture I'm sending it to the group.
Okay.
So what's going on with those Mikey?
They're quote unquote sideburns,
but what that's just the long hair that's drooping down where in fact he
doesn't have actual sideburns.
So that's what it was on days where I wash my hair, it doesn't flip up as much.
So it was a little straight that day.
I know exactly what he's talking about.
The sideburns, I'm trying to deal with those right now,
but I'm growing the hair out.
Okay.
I can't see me with long hair.
So you're saying, Biz, you're saying that the picture I'm seeing,
that hair is supposed to be behind his ears.
Yes.
But if it gets longer, it's going to be coming down like an elephant.
Yeah, he's cheating it.
Yeah.
It's not like a pork chop sideburn like I used to have 100 years ago you want to show the video like i don't
have sideburns see how there's like a gap it's like it's like a straight line like at the top
of my ear which sucks because sideburns are cool as shit but are they back did sideburns come back
so i got big ears i got a huge snozz and i and I got a hairy fucking face except for my fucking sideburns.
So I just got a big shit sandwich
from the shoulders up here.
Me too. You guys haven't seen my hair
since the last time I've seen you, so all
I was waiting for was the seal of approval
when I first saw you guys. You guys were just like,
wow, Grinnelli, your hair looks good.
Now I know it's going to be like, wow, fuck those
sideburns. You're still fucking chicks
in airplanes, so I think you're doing all right.
Man, a couple, we still got, I think, seven or eight RFAs unsigned.
Give a quick rundown of them.
Braden Point with Tampa, Miko Rantanen, Colorado, Kyle Connor, Winnipeg,
Patrick Liney, Winnipeg, Buddy Matty Kachuk in Calgary,
and then Julius Honker in Dallas, Tony D'Angelo in the Ranges,
and Saku Manalainen in Carolina.
What is going on in Winnipeg?
What the fuck?
We're going to get to that in a little bit.
Mike Liute, he's the agent for both Line 8 and Renton,
said we're not close.
They're high-profile guys.
There's nothing happened that we didn't know was going to happen.
Nothing has gone on that we didn't anticipate.
Those guys are pretty far apart.
Do you want to do the Winnipeg stuff now or save it after the interview?
I don't know.
Witt seems raring to go on the line-A subject.
Not necessarily just the line-A subject,
just that overall vibe there right now.
We got this Bufflin news or rumor, we should say,
of possibly him considering retirement, biz. You heard that as
well, right? Yeah. So it's a crazy time where this team's on the up and up. I mean, they're
a team that's going to be in the hunt the next couple of years. And they got their number one,
they got the guy who's played the most minutes four years in a row on defense. He might not even
be around. Laine is talking to Finnish newspapers saying that he doesn't play
with the best players on the team.
The whole league knows it.
And just basically causing a little bit of a scene.
Paul Maurice, Biz, you mentioned to our group chat,
you were going to chat about that because he gave like a long little
10-minute press conference, and he had some great quotes about that.
But the whole team there right now, it seems as though it's just a training camp is is all about building cohesiveness figuring out
um what your role is going to be getting everyone ready to play and it's an exciting time
it's the complete opposite there right now because all these questions away from the rink i mean
there's no no way in hell it doesn't affect the team a little bit just because these guys are
all these guys that are in the lineup are answering questions
about guys who aren't there, and it's just a pain in the ass
and not the start you're looking for if you're the GM and coach in Winnipeg
or a fan of the team.
I encourage you guys to watch the clip of Paul Maurice answering questions,
being very specific about the line-A situation.
I'd ask Mikey to play it it but it's 10 minutes long but
like i said go watch it yourselves he was very articulate in his answers we know how paul marie
is during his press conferences he's a very he's very good at describing or how do i say that he
puts out fires too he could put out a fire that somebody's trying to he completely put out the
line a fire he did a good job of it. I would say the,
the one thing,
uh, the one criticism with Paul Maurice is he might be a little bit stubborn in
his ways,
which as a result,
line a wasn't playing a lot.
And he admitted that in that interview with those top end guys.
Now,
anyone listening,
we don't know what those two other guys are saying to Paul Maurice.
They might be like,
Hey man,
we don't want this guy on our line. He's a fucking liability in their own end.
And all he does is want to get set up. And it's not really, it's not really get snapped around
much. Okay. I mean, I think we can describe Lainez game pretty easily. He's one of the world's most
pure goal scorers. I would say he's probably top 10 in the league he that's all and he's very one dimensional that's all he does okay he uh he's a walking soundbite too i think that has a little
bit to do with the language barrier but he does come out with some funny quotes um he's probably
one if not the most streakiest players in the league i mean this guy had had what fucking
10 goals five in one game last year didn didn't he, in St. Louis?
And he disappeared for, I want to say he didn't have a goal
for like 29 games at some point.
Maybe I'm exaggerating.
It could have been a little bit lower than that.
I remember those discussions.
He's not a great playmaker.
He's averaged just under 25 assists in his first three seasons,
and we both know it.
If you play over 15 minutes a game and you're playing a lot of power play time
throw 15 apples up there guaranteed i mean there's hitting your skates christ guys i had
six assists one year in the nhl i was averaging probably three or four minutes a game and i played
half the amount of games so right there okay i wouldn't get no fucking power play time either
shocker i know You had six assists.
You probably played like 110 minutes that year.
Yeah, exactly.
Another thing too is from watching him,
and I did see him a little bit last year when he's going through that down period.
Yeah, he wasn't playing on the top lines, but he was also playing like a dog.
Horrible body language.
Mind you, he was still playing on the power play.
I think he actually scored a goal in, in Phoenix. So he's, he's not physical. He's not good defensively. He's,
he's a one dimensional guy. So how the fuck are you going to tell me you're going to get paid?
Like a guy who drives the bus? I mean, Shifley's on a team friendly deal. So it's tough to compare
it to that, but he complained about not playing on those top lines if you want
to get paid what he's expecting get paid you should be able to drive a line that's drive a
line money Crosby Malkin and Kessel Crosby uh sorry excuse me Kessel and Evgeny Malkin weren't
playing with Crosby and they were still getting it done, right? I think Kessel had average probably close to 80, 85 points the last two seasons.
Who's another guy?
Kane and Taves rarely play together.
Maybe they have a little bit more in recent memory, but, like, not a ton.
They're both each driving their own lines, and they got big boy money.
So until he does that, I'm telling you, I would say to Laine,
my advice would be, listen, find out what the situation is going to be
moving forward and contact the team.
Because to Laine's defense, if he's going to sign a one-year deal
in order to prove himself, he's going to want to know,
yo, am I going to get some fucking reps on the big boy line
to show I can get paid like the big boys?
Or maybe even just sign a
team-friendly deal and maybe he will learn from the experience and not play like a dog and not
sulk and drive a line and get paid exactly what he thinks he deserves there's plenty of other cases
in order for those other rfas to get paid what they might be asking for in his case there fucking
ain't and he had an off year last year so sign one-year deal, if that's even on the table,
and fucking prove it.
I think it's so funny and interesting.
If you're a GM, if you're a shovel day off,
and you have to sign Connor and you have to sign Line A,
it's so odd to me that it's two totally different jobs in a sense.
You're working with different agents, different expectations and players,
and you need to get them both done asap so it's like you you have a firm stance on one player you have a firm stance on another you got to go back and forth you really don't know or you're trying to
figure out what are we giving in and which guy would we rather give into i'm guessing it'd be
connor if at some point they do bend the knee a little bit but it's just an odd time for that
tire organization and it's not even's not even games going yet.
Usually you battle injuries, some things go on,
and you can deal with distractions during the year.
I mean, they haven't even started,
and it's just kind of an odd setup to begin a season.
And, Ari, before I send it over to you,
I completely agree that that organization in general
has done an incredible job drafting, developing,
and putting together a great organization.
And they haven't really made any bad moves.
And yet, all of a sudden, before this season starts, which would be one of their big seasons because they do have a great core group who could potentially win a championship.
Now, all of a sudden, you have Buff contemplating retirement.
And you have Line A who knows, man.
He might sit out half the year or maybe he gets
traded i mean i've heard rumors and and things floating around so i want everyone to know though
there is nothing personal against my thoughts on line a's game that is simply what i have
assessed based on the times i've seen him play and um and and regarding uh the fan base in general
it seems as if though there is kind of a line in the sand
where some people feel that Laine isn't getting the respect
and the ice time that he deserves,
being an elite scorer that he is,
and being put on that top line.
And also other people saying,
yo, this guy hasn't, last year he was a dog.
He's not worth that money nowhere near it.
He needs to prove that he can play at that line
and also find a
little bit more well-rounded game Ovechkin's a natural goal scorer too but he's also out there
fucking hitting guys making plays I mean does he have just as many assists as he does goals if not
more I would imagine lining's not making plays Ovechkin is so there's way more intangibles to
that pure goal scorers game so So it can't even be compared
on the same stratosphere.
And my last thing about Winnipeg
is, I mean,
Trouba's not there. Tyler Myers
isn't there. Sherratt isn't there.
And right now, Buffalo isn't there. That's four
guys. I mean, that's your four
of your top six. They got more. Say they
re-signed him. That's great. But I mean,
look at how many defensemen they lost.
So it's  for a team that has huge  big ideas in terms of what they can get
done this year being Stanley Cup contenders, right now you're going to be
a little worried if you're a Jets fan.
I think that there's not as big as a hole without Myers there as people think,
especially at the money he's making.
But, nonetheless, it's a little bit of a makeover on the
or a big makeover on the back end if Buff does decide not to come back.
As far as Lanny, Biz, I think it's worth remembering he's still only 21 years old.
I mean, we were comparing it to Ovechkin his first season.
He's got room to grow.
I mean, yeah, he maybe doesn't deserve what he's looking for,
and I'm not even sure exactly what he's asking for.
But it seemed like it was kind of like a proxy beef through the international media.
But Maurice, like I said, he put that fire out.
He kind of downplayed it.
He wasn't angry in that scrum.
He said, hey, I can handle the shade.
He's been around a long time.
So, you know, he didn't seem pissed off.
If he is, he certainly didn't give that impression.
And as far as Bufflin, just want to give a couple numbers on that.
This was per Bob McKenzie.
He said Big Buff, quote, is believed to be using the time to ponder his NHL future.
I'm not saying Bufflin is retiring.
I'm not saying he's coming back to play.
Only that he's contemplating his options and there's no timetable for a decision, end quote.
He's 34, man.
He's had 14 seasons under his belt.
A lot of them pretty rugged.
He plays a rugged game.
He missed 53 games over the last two years.
Also suffered a conky.
And he's got 8 million this year, 6 million the following year.
That's 14 million.
That's tough to walk away from.
But the Jets said they're going to give him as much time as he needs.
And, yeah, like you said, they got rid of all these other defensemen
or let him go elsewhere.
And I'm sure they probably would have liked to have known that then.
But you know what?
Maybe he didn't know until he went to camp and said,
fuck, man,
I don't know if I got it in me this year.
Yeah, that's obviously a lot of thinking going on.
And even if you are on the fence,
sometimes you're a little nervous to even break it up.
And then all of a sudden you get back inside that environment
and something just goes, oh, God, I got to say something.
RA, I thought that was a great point as far.
He's very young.
And as hard as i'm being on
him that's not saying he doesn't come back and learn from that mistake and learn how to maybe
be less streaky but it's he's not being as self-aware as most of us would assume he would be
after having a year like last year i mean the guy did go away for two months and was invisible
and i think it was it was maurice's hand was forced in order to bump
him down the lineup and not put him on that top line he was a dog uh and i i kind of compare
this situation a little bit to the tourist one in tourists ended up kicking up dust after his
entry-level deal where he wanted four million a year over four years which was ridiculous
as to what he'd accomplished early in his career and especially asking a team like arizona for and at the time we didn't just did that we didn't have the money and
we didn't spend it foolishly and part of the reason he was doing that he's like biz i what he i how
was i going to succeed here he goes tippet likes the big two-way centers he's like i'm just more
of an offensive guy and a natural goal scorer and he ended up signing i believe a two-year bridge
deal and then that kind of ruffled feathers and then they got rid of him right away where he ended up signing I believe a two-year bridge deal and then that kind of ruffled feathers
and then they got rid of him right away where he ended up going and proving he was exactly who he
said he was as a player and he knew he had to be the bad guy in order to get it so hopefully he
they figure it out he's able to step in and learn from it and go on that top line and light the lamp
because I have no ill will towards him yeah I, I like Maurice's quote, I'll use my driver's license analogy,
nobody gets the keys at 14.
Yeah, I thought his interview was great.
I thought he answered questions very well, and he definitely diffused that bomb.
No doubt about it.
Did you have something you wanted to add there, Whit?
Nope.
Okay.
All right, I think we should send it over to Jimmy Hayes right about now.
Again, a buddy of Witt's.
I've known him since he was a little kid.
I really enjoyed the chat with him.
He's just such a gregarious, happy kid, and I think that vibe carried over.
So without further ado, we're going to send it over to the dot rat, Jimmy Hayes.
This interview is brought to you by Can I Brands, Chicklets fans.
Thanks again to everyone who signed up for the Can I Brands first ever
Feel Amazing Sweepstakes giveaway.
Can I Brands and I are excited to announce that Zach Osterberg
is the winner and will be joining me, Biz, in Arizona
for a hockey experience of a lifetime.
As you know, Can I Brands is a CBD company creating all natural,
hemp-derived products for athletic wellness started by athletes,
built for performance,
and puts wellness at the core of everything they do and stand for. Whether that's giving your day
a boost, getting a better sleep, mending an injury, or refreshing your mind and body,
Kenai Brands has a bomb cream, spray, and oils made for you. We're also excited to announce that
Kenai Brands is also screening official partners to sell with in store.
So if you are in a gym, health club, spa, or therapy clinic
and interested in carrying Can I Brands bombs, creams, oils,
and sprays in your stores, email info at canibrands.com.
That is I-N-F-O at Can I Brands,
which is C-A-N-I-B-R-A-N-D-S.com to learn more.
You have to love it.
You know you want it.
Go online and hit up www.canibrands.com and use promo code biz20 to receive 20 off your next purchase.
Live life feeling amazing and follow Can I Brands on Instagram to stay tuned for upstates and sweepstakes, contests, and promotions coming soon.
There might even be a contest being announced next week.
So keep your eyes on Can I Brands Instagram page for details.
Can I Brands, the company behind your favorite all-natural CBD creams, balms, sprays, and oils.
Another congratulations to Zach and looking forward to seeing you down in arizona
can i brands feel amazing we are now pleased to be joined by a longtime friend of mine a guy who
should have been on this podcast earlier but you know either way we have him tonight this is a guy
that my brother grew up playing hockey against he was the big name in town the big jimmy hayes as i
give his name away running running around Dorchester,
lighting people up, lighting up the score sheet,
went on to play at Boston College.
Ew, disgusting.
Has since moved about, I don't know, say, what do you think?
We live half a mile away from each other.
He's sitting right next to me, big Jimmy Hayes from Dorchester.
Thanks for joining the Spittin' Show.
Thanks for having me with.
That was pretty good there.
Yeah, you know, that's right off the top of my head, too.
Nothing written down.
Like, I wrote something down for Crosby, no offense,
but you weren't getting that same treatment in terms of income.
But still.
Different players.
But before we completely move into your hockey career, your life,
I need to just retell what happened in that you ran into
you saw R.A. on the screen here, and you said,
last time I saw you was at a wake.
So can you talk to me about you two at Awake together?
Yeah.
Sadly, it's when my grandmother passed away and R.A.
And R.A. and my grandmother are both from Charlestown, like my mom.
And I haven't seen R.A. in a long time.
And, of course, we're going standing at the line.
And here comes R.A. buzzing in, which was actually
Sweating? He was sweating for sure, right?
I don't think he was sweating.
He was great.
It was very kind of him to show up and, you know, say his condolences.
How terrible was his suit?
He wasn't wearing a suit.
It was Charleston.
You don't need to wear a suit.
Yeah, we have wake uniforms, right?
It's the same golf shirt, a polo shirt, same slacks.
Like, it's legit.
The older you get, you go from, like, three, four, five fucking wakes a week.
So you can't, like, wear a suit every fucking night.
My dad might have been wearing shorts.
Yeah.
Seriously.
Your dad wants me dead, by the way.
You know, on here, I won 100 off him, if you'll remember,
when the Boston Bruins beat the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And what happened was I didn't think I got the 100. Well, it turns out I, when the Boston Bruins beat the Toronto Maple Leafs. What happened was, I didn't
think I got the 100. Well, it turns out, I was
kind of lit up one night, and he paid me at
Molinari. Since then, I
bad-mouthing him. He said, you motherfucker.
I paid you back. You're a piece of shit
making me sound cheap.
That's one thing Big Daddy's good with, is numbers
and money.
Tickets, too.
Yeah, that's probably one of the only funeral homes that still has like 24 7 feds watching it i mean legit like you come you come out of like saint francis walking down the
stairs carrying a casket and there's like guys fucking snapping pitches 50 yards away like
seeing who went to who and whose funeral and shit 100 percent um all right well i kind of wanted to
start with because it's hard to figure out where we're going to begin, but last year you played in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.
And if you know, I'm hung up in the rafters in that arena.
So what was it like every day to practice and see my picture up as you,
or, you know, maybe dumping the puck in or working on your rims?
I actually have a picture on my phone.
And it's, I took one on the locker room, the team pictures.
I meant to send it to you
because Biz is on some of those pictures too.
What's his hair like, Fro?
I was going to say, you both had the similar
kind of those brutal little afros
going.
I don't know if you said brutal or
brillo, Pat.
Unbelievable. I had some terrible
haircuts in Wilkes-Barre. I a a full-on mohawk at one point
and one day one game i went buckets off with nasty morassi and i went like down to the wood
on the sides and then i had that one strip right down the middle like you're like a legit meathead
like you see him and you're like that idiot's gonna have three fights tonight and then be out
till four in the morning yeah yeah i was it was bad i was in full mutant mode that's that's when i made my
transition from being a fenceman to a mutant and that was uh that came along with a haircut
biz were you were you in the sun all day today and did you put like sweet baby rays all over
yourself holy shit i am a little bit dark i mean when i'm in scottsdale if i lay out for this is
this is 30 minutes laying out today.
Wow.
That's how hard that sun is.
You were about to just say an hour, though.
You were about to just say an hour.
Well, I know, but I rotated half an hour.
Okay, fair enough.
So your back's toasty, too.
Yeah, it's perfect.
No, you look great.
You look great.
I'm with a guy, by the way, in Hazy that you don't,
you're like me, dude.
We just get red and white.
It sucks.
Dude, growing up, I mean, my dad wouldn't go in're like me, do we just get red and white? It sucks to growing up.
I mean,
my dad wouldn't go in the sun.
I think I was petrified of the sun and my wife's Italian.
It's dark as can be.
She was just praying for the baby.
We just had to have her skin.
Me too.
I know,
dude,
I'm pretty pumped that my kid does not have my pasty white skin.
Congrats.
Oh yeah.
Congrats.
Yeah.
Congratulations.
Bring that up right away.
So he was just telling me his wife was a legend.
A quick four hours.
I was in there for like three days, and he just went in and out.
So his guy was buzzing, as he put it himself.
Oh, yeah.
I can already see.
You should see the mitts on him.
He's got the hands like my little brother.
So he's obviously got those hockey hands, my mom calls them.
But I was just telling him, we're putting this guy right.
Right shot the fenceman because those guys are the guys that are just
That's what Witt was making all the money,
snapping it up to the forwards to do all the work.
I will say, though, from playing both positions, forward is far harder.
So much more skating.
It's so much harder, dude.
You guys are idiots for playing forward.
You can just  as I said, you can play the game in a rocking chair and you can get shit on for not being physical but you're not you're not working
that hard during the game 20 easiest minutes of your life should we talk about your hockey career
a little bit jimmy or should we just tell crazy stories no quickly we can just let's just have it
be like we're doing the podcast together but i want to know, Kevin was a freak when you were little,
but like were you considered better than him?
Like who was better at 10 years old?
I don't know.
He was always the kid playing like two years up.
So he was like
So he's kind of better.
He's always been like a stud.
But back then, like I wish like the  it translated into the NHL
because I probably have the same deal he had right now.
Just highly talented. Yeah, like, he was hockey.
And my dad was, he was kind of one of those crazy hockey dads.
Not like the yeller, but like he had the signs like.
Well, you played 500 games a year.
Yeah.
Played two games a day, 365 days a year.
Actually three on Christmas.
But he was the guy that was like giving the giving the hand signs, like, pick it up
and kind of gave me, like, the thumb across the throat.
That means you're playing, like, shit.
Just be sitting there looking at Mr. Whitney, like,
I think I got to spend my night in situ.
Oh, yeah, my dad coached your squad.
Jimmy played with my brother, Sean.
Dude, you guys had a fun team.
Like, even now, you just played with a recent teammate, Mike Shakespeare.
Dude, this kid's a golf nut, by the way, guys.
Like has the bug worse than I got it, I think.
I stink.
Yeah, but you're going to get nasty.
But you're still in touch with all those guys.
What was it like having my dad behind the bench?
It was a lot of fun.
I remember D. Witty, this is going back to when
Use the wall.
It's a team game. Use the wall! It's a team game!
Use the wall! It's a team
game! But he was always
he would always grab me after practice
like he said because I'd score a bunch of goals
in the youth league
and he'd just be like, this team's going wherever you want them to go
Jim. And I'd be like 12 years old
and be like, alright, shit, I gotta make sure I'm ready
to go tonight to play the Bay State Sharks.
That's actually an unreal line.
Like, that would fire a 12-year-old.
I was all fired up.
All right, so let's lead in.
You go to BC, but this is after some time in Ann Arbor where I played,
where I was a member of Pioneer High School like yourself.
You're a graduate, or did you get to graduate from Nobles?
I graduated from Pioneer with honors.
What's that mean?
4.0 GPA?
No, with honors, that program is just showing up to four classes per day,
four days a week.
That's to get you to honors.
Oh, attendance.
I went to a prep school in Noble and Greeno in Boston,
and I was handed in papers that I wrote in eighth grade as a senior in high
school in Ann Arbor and getting A's on them that were C's at the other school.
Yeah.
So, all right.
How'd you end up at BC?
Like, how did that all go down, dude?
Because then it made Kevin go there.
And it's just like, why are you not a former BU Terrier?
Yeah, it was one of those decisions when I was looking at the schools and being an inner city kid, everyone was kind of bullshit.
I went to BC because BU gets all the city guys,
but I just fell in love with the school.
And, you know, it looks like we made the right decision.
Won a national championship there.
It's not a big deal, but I mean, I knew that was coming.
I left early and my teammates won another one.
So it's like Paul Carey and Tommy Cross.
Those guys got two.
Paul Carey, hottest guy out there.
Jimmy, how did that work out?
You went to the under-18 program,
ended up playing 21 games after that for the Lincoln Stars.
Does that season end and then you're free to kind of go
wherever you want for a little bit?
No, that was actually a crazy year for me.
That was my draft year.
So on November birthday, so I uh a junior in high school and everyone
else was a senior so and i had so i got to enter the draft the year after and i went back to ann
arbor as an overage player oh she can't do international so it was kind of looking back
on it probably was like it was a good decision like based upon like the training and stuff
but hockey wise it was kind of uh it was
kind of crazy i'd be like one night i'd be playing on the u18 team against ohio state and then the
next night i'd be driving with one of the assistant coaches to put the 17th team to play against
mahonan valley so then finally i just was like all right i've had enough of this it's a big year for
me and um asked usa hockey to release me and the whole controversy
was uh i had my rights were in columbus with that team they picked me with the first pick that uh
usa you're the first overall pick first overall not a big deal holy shit that should be on like
your locker at wally so i was trying to get my rights traded the whole time they
wouldn't trade me and then finally lincoln stars i think traded like three players and seven draft
picks for me look at this guy just stroking himself off over here dude fucking lebron james
folded dude once they got him they're like wait we gave up all this for him we're done pack it up
well that's when his 12 year old coach coach got called up to give him that speech again.
Like, we're going to need you on a more important level at this point, my friend.
It led into that summer, 60th overall pick, right, with the Toronto Maple Leafs, man.
Yeah.
That had to be  like the media right away, you're like, holy shit.
Yeah, that was awesome, though, to go in there. man yeah that kind of that had to be like the media right away you're like holy shit yeah that
was it was awesome though to go in there and like that was crazy but that's the first uh taste of
pro hockey i had and you're going into toronto you were there were you at the draft i was at
the draft they were in ottawa and then uh went to toronto development camp and it was uh it was a
lot of fun i actually roomed with uh tyler boak, who's playing online poker. Oh, awesome guy.
Oh, he's unreal.
Unbelievable guy.
He was crushing online poker?
Yeah, he's a big gambler.
He's a degenerate.
He's a golfer, I guess.
And he's a golfer.
We got to get out there with him, Biz.
He's a great kid.
He's somebody you want to play more for than a meal, though, with.
He likes to play for the cash.
You actually played with Brendan Bollig a little bit when you were in Lincoln.
What was it like playing with him?
Because, I mean, you know him from the NHL days of just being a scrapper,
but he had some mitts back then.
Yeah, it was great playing with him there too
because he was probably the toughest kid in the league.
So when you have him on your team and you've got teams like the USHL
with tons of fights and stuff and just having Bollig out there,
he did well for himself.
He got himself a full scholarship, I think, at St. Lawrence.
I mean, he was probably like 27 still playing the USHL.
Hey, when he got sent down to the minors at the end of his playing career,
he was getting fucking like 10, 12, 15 goals a year.
He had a bit of ability in him as well, not just a mutant on the ice.
Yeah, I think he was a heck of a player, like you said.
And he's tough as nails.
So, put those two together and make yourself a career.
Were you fighting then?
Like, I had, like, one fight that year, I think.
I was petrified of that shit.
Did you do any of that?
You'll say, John, I think I had one fight.
Yeah, it's the worst.
And everyone wants to go.
I remember everyone asked me to fight.
I'm like, dude, why are you asking me to fight?
Because I'm tall?
Trying to score.
Let's hear more about BC.
I mean, what's the whole  what's the rift between BC, BU?
Geography more than anything.
Yeah, it's a longtime hockey rival.
Two best teams in the city.
Where do the cake eaters go?
BC.
But I'll admit,
I mean, the last 20 years hasn't been pretty at all.
I mean, BC's been pretty dominant.
So it's not good right now,
but things will change. And also, we do
have a national title in that time.
Here's what I heard, though.
I talked to two of his best buddies
from BC. I said, hey, give me some hazy stuff. Give me some stuff to team up with. And I've never heard this one about, uh, I was told to ask you, it's where you're getting up at 9 a.m.
and crushing beers.
You run down to the seniors dorm.
But Ben Ferriero lived off campus.
And we were probably obviously a little toasted.
And Cam was  he always liked to grapple and stuff.
And we've heard this before, too, that he's a grappler.
He just likes to wrestle.
And I think we just started chirping each other.
And the next thing you know,
it's almost a full on brawl in the middle of calm as,
and we didn't speak to each other for like two days.
And who won the scrap?
I might've been a little more intoxicated than him.
So he might've thrown my ass down.
There we go.
There we go.
So he has some tackling.
He has some tackling ability then.
So he's used to this.
Yeah, he knows what he's doing.
He's got like five brothers.
He's no dummy in this stuff.
Yeah, dude.
There was another hilarious story about him fighting somebody else.
Him and his dad were like dummy in someone.
Remember that story that came out?
We got to get him on.
Why hasn't he been on yet?
He would love to come on too, I bet.
He's an awesome kid and even better player too um what was it like playing on the same d1 team as your brother must have been fucking good stuff huh yeah it was awesome and
uh playing with kev was great because he was a freshman he came in he was a highly touted kid and
we were actually on the same line it was me him and chris crider wow and uh shit
kevin yeah kevin got hurt um i forget when it was in the season but he was he banged up his knee so
he was done for most of the year but then he came back and uh played it was uh one of those playoff
games at the garden and it's one of my dad's favorite goals. I scored a goal. I was an assistant for my brother.
And he got the guy, that's Hayes from Hayes.
My dad loves it.
He just gets all fired up.
Now, was that the first time you guys played on the same line
in like a highly competitive league anywhere because of the age difference,
you know?
Yeah.
The only time me and Kev ever played together was literally might
because he'd play like three years up because he was a stud.
So other than that, we never played with each other.
We just missed two and a half years.
So we always missed each other with all the birth years and stuff.
That's nice.
What year did you win it there?
Your junior year?
My sophomore year, so 2009, 2010.
And Kudrow was on that team too.
No, Johnny Hockey.
I missed Hockey because I would have been a senior,
and Hockey would have been a freshman.
So I just missed him.
That kid is one of the best kids ever.
Yeah, those T-shirts have been  those were flying off the shelf.
That Chris Kreider is a mutant, isn't he?
Like in the gym and stuff, just trains like a beast.
Yeah, he's literally an animal when it comes.
He's just shredded.
He's 235 pounds and skates like no one I've ever seen before.
He's a truck.
He's a truck.
Yeah, he's just a big, strong boy.
I still have one of my best tweets ever, though,
is him making the worst play of all time, going off sides by nine miles.
And I was like, I think I said, like, whatever crider's on, I want to be on.
So you've seen him make some funny plays like that.
Well, all right, so BC, how does it end up going where you're with Toronto?
You signed him with Chicago.
Like, what's the whole thing when you decide to turn pro? mean you didn't do your senior neither did I shout out to that
did you graduate I haven't yeah I got five more classes so I'm grinding away um all right well
how did you end up deciding to turn pro and how did you become a Blackhawk um so I got drafted
by Toronto and then I was traded to Chicago because my brother was drafted in the first round on the Friday night.
And then Saturday morning, I was traded to the Blackhawks.
And then the year I turned pro was, I think, the year they had all those cap issues.
Remember, they had to get rid of all those players.
So I was just looking at their roster, and I might have a chance to crack this team
because obviously nobody wants to leave school early and try to hack out on the minors.
But I ended up getting sent down out of training camp.
But then I got called up, I think it was like 30 games in,
and I played basically the rest of the season.
I got sent down again for like a week.
But it's just one of those things where you look and you see the opportunity to turn pro
and just hopefully it worked out. you had a good you had a good year like well well yeah it must have some caner
stories like and you just go in and meet this guy he's so quiet he was uh he was unbelievable to me
he was i he was um one of those guys that took me right underneath his wing right away and never
never paid for a meal when i was around him and really every meal every time we go on the road he always paid for the bill even if like i
lose a credit card game he like look at me and it got to the point where it's like all right man like
i'm playing the game like i gotta pay for it because like you lose you lose but he was just
uh he was unbelievable toward me and it was awesome too being out there and you know having
him at the bar you got 30 girls in
line trying to talk to him you stand next to him you're saying hey how are you is taves a lot funnier
behind the scenes i know he's got this image the captain serious but i feel like he he opens up
quite a bit around the boys yeah he's he's an awesome guy but like you said like you said he's
got that captain serious but that's just his work ethic know, he's the guy that he just shows up.
But he was a lot of fun.
He liked to have his fun too.
He was just always a guy that was positive.
I only played 40 games with Chicago because the second year was the lockout,
and then the third year I got traded to Florida.
But it was just, you know, he's a guy that he was fun to be around.
I remember when the guy my first
game and put up put the money on the board and we win and i'm like all right like who do i give like
this 500 bucks or whatever it was and he was just like don't worry about it i got you kid
what a league what a league i should have put up 10 grand so moral of the story if you don't want
to pay for shit get drafted by by the Chicago Blackhawks.
A hundred percent, too, because I remember when I first got called up,
it was December 28th.
So you get the paycheck December 30th.
So my paycheck was full AHL, so it was like three grand.
And my host was standing next to me, and he was like, oh, congrats, man.
Like one day in the NHL, that's great.
I was like, no, that's two weeks in the min minors and he looked me right in the eyes and was like
holy fuck how the fuck did i expect you to live
did you look at his check i got to see caners and i was like i don't my mouth dropped the
first time i've ever seen six figures on a check after two weeks what was it what was it
figures on a check after two weeks.
What was it?
What was it?
I figured it out.
It'd be one, two. It was like 255 off.
What was he making?
Like five million?
Illinois's high state tax.
I think so.
That was the other crazy thing.
Wait, what was he making at that?
I didn't know what tax was.
I was like, where's my money?
He's like, what the fuck?
Hey, I don't get this whole thing.
I was pissed.
My dad always has cash.
He ain't paying tax on that cash.
Dude, how awesome was it the first
time you put on that iconic like not the white uh jersey the blackhawks but that red one it's like
the best jersey in sport like the first time how like is that like a high almost like to pull that
on for the first time yeah it was that was amazing too and my uh first game was against the wings so
oh wow that rivalry was unbelievable. At home? At home.
Played eight minutes. I thought
I played like 35 minutes.
It was just
unbelievable. You know the feeling, too,
when you're sitting in the locker room and just trying to avoid
Tony Ullman, the guy that's going to
come knock on your door and tell you you're getting sent back down.
So you're just like, all right, am I safe? Am I safe?
Every day you leave the rink, you're just
like appreciative. Like, yes, unless they can call me at home i got out of the rink we had a
countdown kane and i the one year is uh the lockout year it was uh i forget whatever it was like april
1st was the day that if you were on the roster then you couldn't like you they couldn't send
you back down to the minor the next year right so yeah like so no like i was would have been on the
team for the rest of the season. Oh, okay.
So I'm sitting there. I played the month of March
up, and Kay and I
had the five-day countdown. Four,
three, two, and then we got down to the hours.
It was like 11.
Yeah, you're going back to Rockford.
Ah, fucker!
See you later.
Seven minutes! I got pulled over
on the way home, driving chicago to rockford because i
was so rattled and then the guy actually the cop made me uh get out of my car and i sat in his cop
car and we like shot the shit about the hawks because he's such a huge fan really uh i want
to go briefly back to that first game was that when they were still playing that stranglehold
by ted dugent when you came out they still do oh they still well i'm from warm-up it's before the anthem or before the anthem excuse me how
fucking cool was that it's like you're like i was playing people ask me like what's your one
of your favorite places to play it's chicago's the answer every time their fans are electric
i would get help on there all the time so i would take off my gear and get out of the locker room and i would walk around to where the zamboni comes out just to watch that uh the
entrance with stranglehold play what the fuck are you guys laughing about being health bombed every
every game me and you are going toe-to-toe for health bombs you're kidding me okay all right
fair enough fair enough and then uh and then of course the anthem which i mean that gives everybody
goosebumps in that building yeah that that that it's, that's got to be the best anthem in the NHL.
Yeah, and the guy's a state police officer, isn't he?
I don't know.
Speaking of healthy scratches, I usually just, you know,
head to the meal that they give out at the rink.
And, you know, other people deal with healthy scratches differently.
Now, you have a very unique way of dealing with them,
especially when you've got health bond in florida oh so i got scratched in florida my mom was visiting and usually when i
like because i wouldn't get healthy all the time early in my career so like i'm like my whatever
you get like five or six like a year so i used to always go buy myself like i'd buy myself a new
shirt or like a new outfit just like make myself feel good retail therapy so my mom came down and we decided
to like obviously it wasn't playing so i'm like all right mom let's go look at some cars
so we decided to go to mercedes-benz i was just looking to test drive a couple cars i'm healthy
scratched and after the game i just look at the up dog i'm like
up dog you gotta see what i got he's like what'd you do we go out to the parking lot i got a brand
new like s550 i was just thought i was buzzing hell he's like dude you i was like well my mom
made me buy it right there and then so i just aimed it on but this guy gets healthy scratch
and then goes and drops 150k in the car that's fucking all time right i was i was gonna say before even that i even knew
that story is like it get it sucks getting healthy scratch but if you're on the road and you get
healthy scratch it's it's a it's a hell of a day i mean you uh you're eating an incredible meal
you're going walking around take a nap who knows you can do anything you want really so
i'm sure there was times that you know buying a car probably felt really good
i couldn't believe i looked forward to just putting one on my belly button and getting
a longer nap let alone buying 150 000 mercedes yeah it wasn't i didn't make the best choices
all the time you know belly button soup pre-game nap all right so wait but you get traded to
florida you get traded to florida dude things
go really well there like right away you fit in with the guys there you liked it who were the
dudes you hung out with besides the up dog right when you got to that team uh guys like uh huberto
he because he was like you both live in the same building he actually lived literally penthouse
sickest unit in the building i was on like the 12th floor, so I'd always just have to buzz up there.
You were near the elevator.
Literally.
Trochek
was up and down at that point.
Then the Petrovic,
big Dylan Olsen. Remember him?
I remember big Dylan Olsen,
man. That guy, he was a truck.
That year,
I got called up and you
In the California trip.
Yeah, but I think  I don't even know if I played a game,
but I finally got to play with  at least be on the road with you.
I remember loving that.
But Updog was the leader of that crew.
But I was surprised that you ended up not being there longer.
I thought that you were going to fit, and you did fit in well.
Yeah, I loved it there.
I remember I was playing with Vinny Trocek and Huberto,
and I remember telling my dad, like, this Trocek kid,
he was kind of up and down at that point, but he was
He's built.
This kid is unbelievable.
He's unreal.
He plays so hard.
Like, you dump the puck in, he's going to be the first guy to go get it
and make plays and yoke it in.
I literally would just, like, play rover in the slot,
and these guys would just feed me pucks.
And it was one of those years where you'd shoot it,
and I'd hit the guy's skates and go in.
So it felt like everything was falling for me that year.
But it's just, you know, the opportunity, like you said,
and playing with two studs like that made it a lot easier.
Well, since we're talking about your teammates' bark-off,
well, at the time when you were playing with him,
probably one of the more underrated players in the league.
Now everybody knows about him.
What makes him so special?
He's one of those guys, he loves hockey.
Like, he just, he's on the ice.
The first guy there, he's probably one of the last guys off.
Like, it was his rookie season, and you could just tell
that this kid was an absolute stud.
I remember when Dale Tallon signed him that deal.
It was like, yeah, people are like, oh, you're giving him a lot of money now,
but wait two or three years, he's going to be an underpaid player,
and that's what he is.
He was just a guy.
He just loves hockey.
He's one of those guys who just works on his game constantly,
and he's an absolute unit.
I remember he was 18 years old, and he built like a 25-year-old dude.
That was the one guy that not one person that was like playing with him
that year when that contract was signed was like,
oh, that's not worth it.
Every guy was like, that's going to be a sick deal.
There was no question the minute you saw him, he's just going to be filthy.
One thing, too, you play with Yogs,
and I know that Barkov kind of gravitated towards him
and they used to just chuck weights and go to the rink late at night you mentioned the loving
hockey aspect what was your how did you see Yogs and your and when you were there with him
I loved Yogs Yogs was an awesome guy I'm like I don't know I'm one of those guys who likes to
talk a lot in the locker room and so I was a little bit younger and I
the guys in Florida call me Broadway
and I'll just never forget the one day
when Yogg's was like hey Broadway
you want to go to Miami and I was like
Tuesday night I was like fuck I would love to
but it's like not the right decision but this is yager asked me to go
you gotta say do i go and i didn't go it's just a dumb decision of me of all your decisions that's
the one you didn't make yeah but i think i i was like you know i probably was i i don't know why i
don't remember why i didn't go but i'll never forget yags hey broadway you want to go to
south beach how could how could you say no to that you would
have had it would have been just yeah it was a bad decision like i said i made the best decisions
just text them text them now i'll be like hey i'm gonna take you up on that miami trip
new whole late phone who dis
he in practice so that's always what i wanted to see is just the stories about him just not
doing anything but whatever he wants to do literally whatever he wants to do my favorite
thing would be i get to the rink early because i just like to like buzz around the locker room
and he'd be there before me just walking around the locker room with his skates on and ankle
weights around his ankles just with just shorts on just shorts on and skate and he'd have a hockey
stick and he would shoot the medicine balls
off the wall in the weight room.
And I was just like, what is this doing?
But obviously, he was the strongest puck protector.
And he'd been doing it for 20 years.
He could shoot this medicine ball like it was a wrist or a wiffle ball.
I was like, oh, I got to work on my forearms.
One last guy I wanted to ask you about with that team was Roberto Luongo.
You hear about so many funny things he does behind the scenes.
What's one thing that stuck out to you?
Luongo is like one of the best poker players ever.
So I got on the team.
I was young at this point,
but obviously I wanted to sit with all the older guys
and be around the card table,
just be part of the conversation, part of the action.
So I play poker.
But with him and Clemson, Clemson was, like, ranked in, like, a poker magazine,
like a New Jersey one.
He was telling me a story, like, he was at training camp,
and he was at, like, the final table.
He didn't want to leave.
He was going to win.
So long story short, I'm sitting there playing poker with these guys.
The plane hasn't taken off, and I've already bought back in four times.
I'm down, like, 1,600. And and to me like i that was a ton of money like i was bullshit so i
had to retire i think i'd lasted two games of poke and i had to retire but they let me sit at the
table just so i could talk and be a little wise ass you have to deal the cards they all they're
just like uh he's just an automatic shuffler he can sit here if he he wants. I couldn't shuffle, too, so I get even more mad.
I was the guy that couldn't shuffle that played cards.
The drill buster.
They were bullshit.
What do you got, R.A.?
You got anything for him?
Yeah.
So, Jim, after Florida, you had some nice success there.
You end up with the hometown Boston Bruins.
You signed a nice little ticket here.
But, you know, I think it's safe to say there were some bumps in the road.
So, first off, you know, how thrilling
was it to get here, to be a
dart rat, to sign with the Bruins?
And then, conversely, what do you think
some of the things that maybe went wrong where you didn't
have the same success here as you did prior to here?
Yeah, that goes back to Florida.
The day I found out it was getting traded.
I remember Deal Town calling me
and it was trading, and
I was like, bullshit, like, fuck.
Like, I'm having a good year in Florida.
I just had a career year and I'm excited.
I didn't want to get traded.
And then, of course, the next question is, like, where did you trade me to?
And he's like, Boston.
I was like, oh, all right, fuck.
I like the sounds of that.
So, like, I was all fired up, you know, being from Dorchester.
It's a dream to play for Boston.
And like I said, it was a lot of fun, but it was a moment in my career.
I had a decent first year, got off to a pretty good start,
and then kind of just trickled down after that.
You start gripping the stick.
I struggled a lot in my second year there.
Yeah.
It's also, you were coming off like this big year where even you said
everything was going in,
so the expectations are even higher than was maybe realistic at the time.
Then all of a sudden, it's like being a local guy.
People dream of it, but it isn't necessarily a good thing.
I think the worst part for me was when I started to struggle,
I couldn't find a way out of it.
And like you guys would know, it's like as you're playing,
and you're playing 12 to 14 minutes, and all of a sudden it goes down to 10.
Then it goes down to eight.
And then it goes down to six.
And you just start  like you're frustrated,
and you start gripping your stick harder.
And like you're  you have all the confidence in the world,
and all of a sudden you lose all of it.
And I just was  I just struggled big time. I'd get pucks, and the first thing I confidence in the world, and all of a sudden you lose all of it. And I just struggled big time.
I'd get pucks, and the first thing I would do is look.
I'd just fire it off the glass and just wasn't being myself.
And, you know, I put myself in a tough spot.
On top of that, were there a lot of distractions?
Just being home?
The distractions I don't think was, like, the biggest thing.
Because, like Whit said, my dad, he sells tickets and stuff.
So I didn't have people bothering me with the tickets and knocking on the
front door.
But like it got to the point though sometimes you're like, oh, hey,
like hey, come meet me for dinner.
And you stay at dinner and go home.
It's 1030.
But next thing you know, it's 1130, 12.
And you're like, fuck, are you doing this three times a week?
But it's just something like that.
I think it was one of those points in my career where I was so excited
to play for Boston, but I think mentally I had to adjust a lot quicker
than I did, and it's just something you look back on, and it is what it is.
Well, and it has to be brought up because biz,
you bring up distractions,
but there was also some bullshit from local media.
And that's like,
you'll bring,
I'll bring up Mike Felger,
who everyone in Boston knows who was on the radio saying,
your dad's drinking down at the Erie pub.
He doesn't even drink.
So there was just shit being made up.
And like I said,
where,
you know,
it's at some point you were,
you said enough's enough.
Yeah.
I get that shit.
Like,
that's just like little shit like that.
But, you know, Felger, it's actually a funny story.
I ran into Felger actually in Nantucket.
Oh, he wears napkins on his legs and stuff when he's cold.
I've seen the pics.
So I was in there and my buddy's like, dude, that's Felger.
And I'm like, man, I look at my brother.
I'm like, fuck, Kev, let's just throw him right in the fucking sound and just get it over with.
And I was like, no, just being the fucking idiot that I am.
And I was just like  so I confronted him.
And he was actually an awesome guy about it.
I was just like, you know what, man?
I don't care what you say about me as a hockey player
because I'm playing a big sports now with the media involved and everything.
And when you're not performing, that's who you got to attack.
But I was like, I mean, fuck, I'm a local kid.
Give me some slack.
But I was like, you crossed the line when you started bringing up
the stupid shit with saying my dad  I'm drinking with my dad
and my dad's been sober for 35 years.
And I was always like, you know who my dad is, right?
And he's like, yeah.
I'm like, well, you know who he knows, right? And so, and so yeah i'm like why would you ever want that guy mad at you yeah like but felger felger was as the red dots on his forehead while you're talking
to him but he was actually awesome about it and it and it was i mean i remember that uh i remember
something going on with david price and stuff with Sox, and Felger brought that up and told a story about how we ran into each other.
And my dad's calling me, what you saying to him?
I was just like, I just told him I didn't like what he said about you,
and there's water on the bridge, and he apologized and we both moved on.
That was the end of it.
Yeah, it just shows that there's such an element of gaining listeners,
and there's such an element of just making shit up
just to be able to get more phone calls
and stuff and so you actually meet him face to face
and it's a little bit of like
it's my profession I'm kind of
as if you plan like shit wasn't
enough for him to talk about
that's what I mean I'm already struggling man
why don't you just shit on me
but it is what it is
and he was fine about it and I just like kudos to him for actually looking the eyes
i actually gave him a bud light too so did you split uh budweiser we're a budweiser podcast um
were you relieved to go over to new jersey and just get away from all that yeah it was it was
actually uh it was an awesome opportunity for me went on a pto
and it was just one of those it was i got lucky because there was uh a bunch of bc guys on the
team so and guys like paul mary who i knew and trained with in the summer so the transition was
pretty easy and i made sure i was in really good shape that you're heading into the season
and the season got off to a good start and then like you said then the healthy scratches start and you start sitting out games and next thing
you know you haven't played in three weeks and they're like the coach is like i'm not gonna put
you in all right sounds good all right i'll just go buy another car okay i'm looking at the range
rovers now actually uh speaking of cars uh the incident when you guys were in playoffs against the coyotes
and kevin your brother came and visited you during that playoff round and we ended up beating you up
something happened on the ride home what's what my brother when we drove 13 hours home
and my brother drove one hour that incident i mean was he just saying no flat out no i will not
well this is coming from Keith Yandel.
Ask him about when Kevin came to visit him in playoffs
and what happened on the ride home.
Well, I remember Kevin came to visit me, and the season was
that was the year I was Black Aces.
So the year I was Black Aces was the lockout year,
and he came and visited me.
So we went out on Saturday night.
He was supposed to leave Sunday morning, missed his flight. So my mom,
who he, my mom's like his manager, like mom booked me a new flight.
So, but this at the time, my mom's paying for it.
So then we go out Sunday night,
Mrs. Monday morning flight calls my mom, mom booked me a new flight.
And then we ended up going on Monday night. So he misses Tuesday.
And my mom was like, all right, fuck you, Kevin.
You're driving your ass home with him.
And he drove the 13 hours with me, and he drove one hour.
One hour he drove.
Three days, three flights.
He missed it.
He still misses flights.
It's insane.
Oh, my God.
That kid is too good.
All right, go ahead.
I'll bring this up after.
All right.
I want to go back to Boston for a second, bring up Patrice Bergeron.
What was your experience like playing with him,
a future Hall of Fame?
And how much did he rub off on your game at all?
Bergie was like one of those guys that he almost reminds me of a Mike model.
You know what I mean?
Not one person can say a bad, bad thing about this guy.
And he's just a guy that he's so committed to his game.
Guys like him, Marshan and Char and Ketchy and Krug,
like those guys are  that's why that team's good every single year
because they've got guys like that in that core group they have.
They're so committed.
Bergeron's a guy who  he just helps you with everything.
I remember this was
awesome Julian was the coach it was pre-season and we're on um we had a power play and I I got
out there and I took the face off and won the draw so it was all right there's one then I won the
next one so like on the stat sheet I'm like two and oh and Julian's like oh do you play center
I'm like yeah yeah I used to play center I played center like mites so I got myself on the power
play because I would take the draws on the right side.
But then Bergeron would just sit there.
Back to Bergeron, he would sit there and work with you on draws
and just give you all his tips.
And, man, he is committed to that craft,
and that's why he's probably the best centerman in the game.
He's behind Kevin Hayes.
At driving home.
Kevin makes more than Bergie, too.
There you go.
He's got to be better than him.
Have you paid for a meal?
Have you paid for a meal since that contract you got?
He still owes him money, apparently.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, this is great.
Kev used to live with me in Seaport because it was so much fun to live with him
because having him and Hockey come crash on the Seaport, whatever was johnny hockey correct yeah johnny hockey yeah sorry i keep calling him
hockey johnny ham and cheese and uh kev would i got to a point where he was i would pay for the
rent but he was like yeah i'll split it i'll split it so then all of a sudden like two years goes by
i'm like all right kev you owe me like 12 grand for that he was like dude
if you don't collect within a year then it's null and void so but i can't i can't rag on kev because
he bought me a brightling watch so i can't that's a little so he's halfway there he's half back
oh i can't the fact that you two live together i can't even three summers i can't even what what
was the meal intake?
What were you guys crushing for dinner every night?
Paleo power meals.
Oh, you were already ordering those meals that get delivered?
Yeah, we'd have them delivered.
You'd think we're cooking.
I don't think we had a fork or a knife in our apartment.
We had open door policy, though.
It was awesome.
It was never locked, never even shut.
Never locked, never shut.
We always liked to have a good  we had some fun.
That was a great summer.
Oh, we didn't bring up  where was your NHL rookie party?
Vancouver.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
The uproxy.
Oh, Jesus.
He was in charge of that one.
Because I never  I always missed the rookie parties in Chicago
because the first year I wasn't on the team at the time
they did oh so you you never did it when you remember the Chicago Buckeyes I missed it I
missed it the second year was the locker and then third year I got traded to Florida and I actually
I got traded I was in Grand Rapids and I I had my duffel Rockford Icehogs duffel bag and the sick
track suit the Reebok track suits they gave the teams i'd wear it everywhere and my suit and then i got traded to florida and got called up to the big team so i
met him in minnesota so all i had was that little duffel bag and i was on a week-long trip uh like
like the western canadian swing great cities to go out and you need good gear on those trips
so i just went and bought myself a new wardrobe because i it was
off because i knew if i played one more game i couldn't get i'd have to be put on waivers
and at the time it was like a prospect they were like i was playing well enough they weren't going
to put me on waivers so it was awesome that i got to uh stay up there and get the uh the old up dog
he gave me the option like to pay half and i was just like no no i gotta pay the full you don't
want to be that yeah it's also like my fourth year like after all those uh the money you saved on on meals in chicago
whit i'm gonna ask you this question guess who had the highest amount of points on the team that
year he's talking about in in florida brian campbell he was third on the team. Nick Bustad, 38 points was their team leader.
What a fucking squad.
That must have been a long year.
I still couldn't make it.
I think we were out of the playoffs in February.
That was a tough team.
I remember we had like seven games.
We were like hovering.
Updog was second in team scoring, one point behind them.
Updog was living the best life of all time there.
He was always top two lines.
He was playing really well, ball of energy.
He had the sickest pad in Fort Lauderdale.
Remember that place?
Yeah, I've been there.
Oh, it was phenomenal.
And he'd just rip it.
He'd go into Miami, he'd go play golf,
and he was playing great hockey.
I remember being like, this guy's living the best life
I've ever seen right now.
So I can see why if
Updog's like your second leading score,
you're going to have a
great locker room team. You're going to have a lot
of fun. You're going to work your balls off.
You're probably not going to score that many goals.
And I think that Updog would probably
admit that himself. Yeah, the Updog
back to his sick life that he had
there, he was like the first guy. Remember
those BMW i8s came out
oh he had one of them he knew some guy he knows everybody so he knew some guy in like auto nation
or something the guy didn't like the color blue on it so the guy gave it to the up dog and the
up dog used to just take that thing down to south beach just the valet and pop the doors open on that
uh do you have any funny dale town stories i love like that guy's
no bullshit awesome yeah he i love deal deals deals one of those guys that he he always interacts
with like the players and in like a fun way and he he chirps yeah he trips guys you know like he
in the but he's like stirring with the players and but he i don't know i don't i don't know if
i have any like funny stories about i just remember yeah you just like remember him busting yeah he'd always bust people's balls and
but he was just he was always a fun guy to be around i remember we uh
we went out to uh dinner i think it was in montreal and it was literally dinner we were
but we we got home at like 10 30 we It wasn't even the night we went out.
And I think Bob Bergevin, who's the GM of Montreal at the time,
I think told Dio, like, yeah, we end up beating Montreal 2-1 in overtime.
And Dio comes out of the locker room.
He's all pissed.
I'm like, why is he mad?
And I guess Bergevin told him we're all out to like the wee hours.
But I don't know.
I still got the wins.
I don't know why I feel mad.
Yeah.
What's the big deal here?
Do you know he's a sick golfer?
Sick golfer.
He doesn't play with you unless you're good, too, I heard.
And he does.
Apparently, he chose pro hockey over trying to make it as a golfer.
So, he just  he lives the life down there.
He swings them, and he's making good money.
And Florida's actually going to be real good this year.
So, yeah, that much respect to him.
He shot it to me straight at least.
Another thing I forgot to bring up when you mentioned that you can't deal cards
is that another couple guys told me to ask you what they called onions
when you were at BC.
Oh, man.
These guys are just
Ruthless, Miz. This is ruthless. oh man these guys would just bust my ruthless man there's paul carey and
barry almeida they would always say like the way i stick handle the puck
that it could make them cry and i was like what are you talking about they would just be like
well you just be sticking on the puck it looks like you're chopping onions and i was just like
you gotta be kidding me, boys.
Every time, they'd be like,
oh, Hazy, you chopping the onions? Even around dinner,
I'd be like, no onions, or they'd call them no Hazys.
Can I get a turkey sub with lettuce, tomato, and no
Hazys, please?
Paul Casey, I think I played with him in
the NHL. Was he with the
Phoenix organization?
No, you're thinking of someone else.
Was he a sniper?
Yeah, he's Paul Carey, but he's only of someone else. Someone else, yeah. Was he a sniper?
Yeah, he's Paul Carey, but he's only played with  Or Paul Carey, sorry.
Did I say Casey?
My bad.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's a golfer.
Jimmy, I usually ask kind of the opposite version of this,
but I know you were in the A early in your career,
but later in your career you went from comfortably in the NHL,
got sent down to the AHL.
What was the biggest adjustment for you doing that later in your career?
I think the hardest thing in the AHL is I thought it was going to be a lot easier
than it was when I first went down.
You could be playing such a high level, and then you get down to the minors.
I think at first it was hard for me to adjust because, like,
it's a league where those guys are  they play hard,
and it's like organized chaos, I like to say it.
But, I mean, like you said, there's obviously a hell of players there,
but I feel like it's just a lot harder.
In the NHL, you know where everybody is at all times,
but in the minors, it's a little more scrambly.
So I think the adjustment period took me a little bit longer
than I wanted it to and that I thought to.
One other thing I want to ask how many how many dark guys all together have been the NHL obviously you your
brother Crystal Sullivan but how many how many other dark guys oh Walsh you do how can I forget
the Walsh man did you did you listen to Walsh's episode here oh yeah I love that guy how awesome
is his voice it's perfect like if you look at him in a picture him you're like that's that guy. How awesome is his voice? It's perfect. Like, if you look at him and a picture of him, you're like,
that's that guy's voice.
It makes sense.
Boys, there's probably a lot of people listening who don't know
what the fuck that means.
What's the dog something?
No, he said dot, which is Dorchester.
Yeah, dot is short for Dorchester.
Yeah.
It's actually the biggest neighborhood in Boston.
It's part of the city.
But it's like a joke calling people from Dorchester dot rats.
Some people get pissy about it, but Jimmy's cool about it.
That's kind of like saying calling a Boston guy a newfie.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, that leads us to right now.
What's going on for this year?
Have you figured out anything?
Like maybe looking at Europe, staying over here?
What's the deal?
Right now, I'm
You're a new dad.
I'm a new dad. searching for a job i think
that you have terrible cell reception in milton yeah it's when when you that's what it is when
guys are calling but they're just getting you're busy it just hasn't been blowing up lately but no
figure out uh where to play next year Hopefully he figures something out here soon. But yeah, I looked at Europe, but it's one of those things with the newborn.
I want to play over here.
And I still think I can play.
I still think I have something left to prove.
I think I'm not ready to still give up on that dream and play in the NHL,
get yourself back in the NHL.
This big guy's all ripped up right now.
So we're going to be excited to see what goes on.
The golf bug thing, can you not admit how scary it is once you get hooked?
This guy's down the range every day, fellas.
Short game, putt and driver.
I think we have a fanatic.
Yeah, my wife wasn't too happy about it, but it's fun.
I just love it now.
And then that Fallon Cup by my partner uh mike shakespeare came to play hockey with the social kings grown up he
just went off in the qualifying round so we got ourselves in the champ flight but i was trying to
get the draw against wit i would have loved to end his fallon cup dream that would have i mean if we
were playing it you would have seen a side of me. You've never seen, I would have hated your guts,
but that was for the big cash.
I mentioned on another,
uh,
on another podcast.
And he told me,
he's like,
I got to get back to that champ flight.
So you could tell that you love the competition,
but dude,
anything else that you guys have for this big mutant?
Yeah.
I actually got one or two more.
It's funny.
I actually broke it,
a handshake deal between your old man and my uncle over tickets. Instead of like fucking like saying, I want a cut of every deal. I was just like,
oh, your father threw me like a hundred bucks. He's like, thanks a lot, buddy. I was all psyched
that like 30 years later, I probably cost myself about 50 G's, but I know it's speaking up,
but I wanted to ask you, me and you, I'm 99 sure we're in the same wedding party.
Jason and Cheryl's wedding, your nanny and my best friend growing up.
I wanted to see if you remember which historic NHL event happened the night
of that wedding.
I know you were only about seven or eight.
Oh, I thought he was going to be crushed, and this was like two years ago.
I have no idea.
Was it the night you snuck into NHL Stanley Cup locker room party?
I might have snuck into one of the bridesmaids.
No, that was Brett Halskaw, the infamous cup winner that night.
Wow.
Yeah.
We were all back in the bridal suite party, and then it happened.
So you were watching it because there's no phones.
You didn't see this.
You just saw this live?
Yeah.
No. The wedding had ended down the nights at Columbus and the bride and groom had a room
at a hotel, so everybody was partying
in their room and the game was double, triple overtime.
So anyone who had interest in the game
was watching the game in the hotel room after
so we got to see it. So pretty good
shit. Guys, one thing
before we wrap up, I just got to ask
Jimmy, are you wearing your Rolex
right now, man? No, I don't have
it on. I got my Apple watch because I'm just trying to say I can get my fit.
I got to get my three circles.
Yeah, what's the story behind this Rolex?
You almost lost your watch at the bar the other night?
I was with Grinnelli in New York City,
and Grinnelli wanted to wear it for a little bit.
And we had a nice night out at that place called place called bounce and i woke up the next morning
and i couldn't with kevin singing uh karaoke with marty mush let's just say that yeah it was it was
yeah it was a it was a hell of a night and i just remember waking up the next morning first thing i
look at is like next to my bed i'm like where the fuck is my watch so i text granite like hey you still have my watch
and he's like no man i have no idea where it is and finally after i got myself out of bed i looked
into my torture kit and there she was i mean it's the bullet the fact that granite wanted to wear it
though is that like why did granite ever have your watch? Because every time I get drunk, every time I get drunk,
I think I'm going to buy a Rolex.
So I've never been more panicked in my life when I woke up to that text
saying, hey, do you still have my Rolex?
And I didn't have the Rolex.
I thought I lost it.
Here's a hint.
Don't ever ask a guy to take his watch off at a bar.
Ever again in your goddamn life.
Or don't take your watch off at the bar
that's on i i well some people are persistent when they're drinking yeah very true very true
you guys tell this uh did you tell them about yens at the fallon cup oh yeah let's get some
yan stories brother had to play the first nine holes did he miss the front nine the second day? Yeah, he didn't come. He didn't play the front nine, and I asked him why,
and he just said he doesn't get up before 830 on the weekends.
So he made his brother hold on to the match,
and they ended up winning the match.
So it wasn't for his brother.
There you go.
That's why Ross Yandel, Officer Yandel, is a legend.
I still think that he's the natural, but he just doesn't give a shit.
He still will kick your ball.
He doesn't even play.
I could see him being like, I'm all set for the first half of a match.
Oh, yeah, and they bust my balls, too, because they don't want to play with me
because I play too slow.
Well, dude, this is the issue.
This is his issue, guys.
He stands over the ball for like eight minutes before he hits it like not practice swings
like he gets over so you're waiting for him to pull the trigger and he just doesn't but i think
it's just you like you're thinking about too much sometimes oh yeah i got some i got some demons up
there that's just am i holding the club check yeah what is this is the club straight when you're all back to your sandbagging thing yeah i don't think you're a
sandbag oh thank you thank you no he said he doesn't think i'm you told me this before because
for someone do you even you don't even keep a handicap right i i haven't put before that i
hadn't played a full round of golf in over two years.
That's what our buddies they play at whatever the highest guy
in the group.
If you can put some pars together then you're not as bad
as you say you are.
How the fuck do you keep the handicap?
On five of the holes I picked up my ball
because I'd already hit triple bogey.
That means I would have gotten
a quad.
Three other holes I picked up my ball because I heard my phone go off
because I got a text saying I'm setting something up for tonight.
So, yeah, that turns out to be eight holes I didn't post.
Yeah.
Well, we've discussed that enough.
Any other funny stories you got for us?
I don't know.
That team in Florida, that was probably the year I had the most fun.
Remember with Scotty Gomez?
Remember the California trip when Scotty Gomez  Uncle Scotty,
I remember he took  he was the same thing with Patrick Kane.
This was great.
I think I just want to be young in the NHL forever
because every veteran just takes Curia.
And Scotty Gomez came up to me.
And I was like, we're at the bar.
And he's like, when you're with Uncle Scotty, G Love,
he always picks up the tab.
So the one day we get there and the tab comes
and he pulls out his credit card.
And the people are like, this is a cash only.
And this is the first day he told me Scotty G picks up all the tabs.
He looks at me, hey, do you got any cash?
Well, Uncle Scotty, I guess I got this one, bud.
Unbelievable.
Whenever your playing days are over, whether a few years down the line
or whatever, are you looking forward to getting
I'm sorry, are you planning on getting in any front office work,
coaching work?
I know a couple of cousins are doing that type of stuff, Scotty and Tommy.
Is that something you're looking forward to doing possibly?
I would love to do something like that.
Obviously, I still want to sit there and play.
Like I said, I think I can still play.
But down the road, I would love to be in it.
I would love to have some kid walking on eggshells every damn day
and every time I walk by him.
Yeah, you're just making guys panic getting in the elevator with him.
Oh, my God.
Well, dude, we thank you very much.
And I think everyone, all the listeners know,
the Hayes family is one of the best around.
And I think it shows when you guys come on this
and how good of people you are.
And your dad's the best, your mom.
So it's great to finally have you on.
And I think we'll have some more of you on.
Maybe when you are done playing someday.
I feel like you could get into this.
Yeah, I need to get on with it.
You like shooting the shit.
You want to stay in the game.
Yeah, Kev's fun to be around, too.
Kev has all the stories, and he always tees them up.
He remembers them all.
He remembers them all.
It's crazy.
Him and Keith.
It's insane.
All right, thank you very much, and we thank everyone for listening.
Yeah, thanks, Jimmy.
Thanks for coming on, brother.
That interview was also brought to you by Zapier.
Growing a business is hard, especially when you're wasting hours every day moving data from emails to spreadsheets to your CRM to wherever.
Shouldn't that kind of stuff just happen without you lifting a finger?
Zapier can help.
Zapier is the easiest way to automate your work.
It connects all your business software and handles work for you so you can focus on the things that matter most.
Not wasting your time on tasks that you know you could be automated because that's exactly what Zapier was built to do. Just go to our special link,
zapier.com slash chicklets, connect the apps you use most, and let Zapier take it from there.
Zapier lets you instantly engage with leads, send them to a CRM or a spreadsheet,
then notify your team so they can act fast on every opportunity. And that's just scratching
the surface. Zapier supports more than 1,500 business applications, so the possibilities
are virtually endless. Best of all, it's easy to build the exact solution you need in minutes
without writing code or asking a developer to help. Join more than 4.5 million people who are
saving an average of 40 hours per month using Zapier. Zapier also helps our sales guys on the third floor be more productive
and saves them so much time on their day-to-day tasks.
Right now through November, try Zapier free by going to our special link,
zapier.com slash chiclets.
That's Z-A-P-I-E-R.com slash chiclets for your free 14-day trial.
Zapier.com slash chiclets.
Thank you very much to jimmy hayes i'm sitting right where uh we did the interview that night i wish he could sit next to me more
and join us a little more often so we hope something uh works out this year i'm sure he'll
be playing somewhere but he's a great guy and i hope everyone enjoyed that yeah either way he'll
be smiling no matter what because that kid always seems to have a smile on his face.
Good guy.
Good interview.
Dude, I know we tweeted out this clip on our Twitter feed and the Instagram,
but if you missed it, you got to check it out.
It was one of the all-time goalie demolitions I've ever seen,
and it resulted in a 25-game suspension up in the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League.
Greg Mulhall of the Yorkton Terriers and melville millionaires goalie
burke uh burke elia i guess we're both racing for a loose puck the goalie beat him to it played the
puck but the dude didn't let up at all in fact he finished his check fucking absolutely smashed
the goal i think it might be the worst hit i've ever seen a goalie take uh he laid he was down
for a bit he ended up getting up he was fine but 25 games for a match penalty attempt to injure the goalie said it
wouldn't affect his passion for the game. He was
fine afterwards. Contrary to popular
belief, goalies are not fair game.
Do you ever see a goalie get bundled
quite that bad at any level?
Yeah.
Joe Ekster
got hit by Patrick Eves
when he was at Merrimack. Patrick Eves
was at BC, and I don't necessarily think it was on purpose.
I don't remember the play well enough, but it was awful.
Joe actually got rushed to the hospital.
I mean, he could have died.
It was scary as shit.
But that one was so blatantly obvious, the one we just watched
or the one you're talking about.
And the craziest thing is right when it happens, you see Stan, the fans stand up.
They start clapping and cheering like the place went nuts for it.
So glad the goalie is OK.
He is OK, correct?
Yeah.
Yeah, he's fine.
He said it wouldn't wouldn't affect his love or passion for the game, too.
Which is that made Lucic pushing Ryan Miller like look like a fucking hug.
It was.
Well, now you're taking the words out of my mouth
wit what the fuck yes yes suck it but biz what about you is that the worst hit you seen a goalie
take or do you see something yeah I mean you like you said he didn't really let up at all if anything
he went in harder and that I mean I don't know if I heard a thud I felt the thud when I saw the
contact made.
It's hard, though, at that level because you're not getting the other angles to see exactly where he made that split-second decision in order to say,
you know what, I'm going to end this guy's life.
Yeah, it didn't look good.
I mean, that kid's definitely going to learn.
That 25 games is definitely a big pee-pee whack.
So, I mean, hopefully he learns from it and
hopefully that goalie's all right and uh and the rest is history all right uh we got an all-time
hockey guy quote from vince dunn on st louis this one was courtesy of jeremy rutherford of the
athletic dunn had confirmed that his upper jaw was broken last year he got hit by a puck said he had
four to five surgeries on his mouth has five new teeth they asked him you're gonna wear a face
shield which he did try,
didn't like.
He said, I'd rather just take another puck to the face.
No, he didn't, did he?
Yeah, I'd rather just take another puck to the face after a broken upper jaw.
No, I want to suck his dick.
Savage, savage fucking quote.
Well, you guys didn't wear shields.
What are your thoughts on it?
I think he wears a half shield because he has to.
They're talking.
That's what I was curious.
They're asking him if he'd continue to wear a full body.
If I had a face like that guy, I'd be wearing a cage and a welding mask.
You'd wear an astronaut helmet.
I'd be playing in those bubbles that they play around with between periods
when they just run at each other.
I played the whole game wearing one of those my whole career.
I'd be modeling for Versace.
No, I mean, he wasn't going to, he's not going to wear a face mask.
He's not going to wear a cage or a shield.
I mean, it's the NHL.
So Karma would say he might get another puck in the mouth this year, but
either then he'd come back again and say, give me another one. Thank you, man. Miss. Can I have
another definitely a all-time hashtag hockey guy quote. Hey guys, before we go any further,
I want to talk to you for a second about Raycon. It's 2019. Everyone needs a great pair of wireless
earbuds, but before you go dropping hundreds of dollars on a pair, you need to check out the wireless earbuds from Raycon. These things are unreal,
and they start at about half the price of any other premium wireless earbuds on the market,
and they sound just as amazing. The company was actually founded by Ray J, so celebrities like
Snoop Dogg are already obsessed. Who doesn't love Snoop Dogg? Raycon's E50 wireless earbuds
have totally changed the game for me. They're so
comfy and so easy to take anywhere. I don't leave the house without them. Unlike some of the other
wireless options, Raycon earbuds are both stylish and discreet with no dangling wires or stems.
And of course, they don't just look great, they sound great too. Put these in, man, and you take
them away to a different world. That's what music does for you, and Raycon earbuds make it even
better. Right now, Raycon offers their wireless earbuds for everyone in a range of fun colors
and at an unbeatable price.
So go to Raycon, I'm sorry, go to buyraycon.com slash chicklets to get 15 off your order.
That's buyraycon.com slash chicklets for 15 off Raycon wireless earbuds.
If you've been eyeing up here, now's the time to get an amazing deal.
One more time, buyraycon.com slash chicklets. You told the prank story last week about the
Top Dog, very, very popular story. The prank made it around so much that a local ice cream
parlor here in Massachusetts actually made what they call the Top Tug pizza ice cream.
They didn't actually put hot dog and sauerkraut, but people thought they did. It was just a joke. They obviously listened to the show. It was pretty
funny. And I had mentioned that I know officer McGruff. I've known him his whole life. Our dads
were great friends. So I texted him the next day. We used to text all the time. He must've got a
new phone. So I send him a gift. Let's go to top dog. He writes back. Who is this? I'm like, oh
shit. He doesn't have my number anymore. I'm going gonna fuck with him a little more so he's a cop as we mentioned so i wrote back sarge he's like that really narrows it down
and then i sent him a picture of that top dog pizza out and somewhere in uh i think british
columbia he writes you're a fucking pussy back i says careful there i outrank you you don't want
something in your file like i'm just pulling the cheesiest fakest cop lingo i can think of
he's like who are you then i said just call me the top dog. He's like, this is
Danny. Tough guy, Danny. And I goes, I'm insulted. Like, I don't even know who the fucking guy is.
He goes, so it's not Danny. Then it has to be some other phony who thinks he's a tough guy.
Clearly not a city kid. They'd have better material. So he goes, okay, townie, tough guy,
which Charlestown, the local neighborhood thing. He goes, yeah, okay townie tough guy which charlestown the local neighborhood thing
he goes yeah i'm a tough guy but i'm not a pussy like yourself hey i sent him a picture of the
ice cream today he said i hope you get a cut so officer mcgruff if you're listening or if you're
not one of our mutual friends i'll let you know that was me just fuck away make sure you put my
name on next time i'm a little rattled i was gonna say do some god's work and get this guy at the
ninth hole at nine o'clock for the old sprinkler shower.
And then,
and then we got some podcast material.
Yeah.
I better watch where I'm driving.
I'm going to get in fucking pulled over by him one of these days.
Yeah.
And you're going to need a favor when you do,
he might shoot you seriously.
Fucking.
So I have my gruff,
just fuck with your buddy.
Save my number next time.
And one final note, we actually, I was prepping Sunday night night this news came in and i didn't add it to the show but
uh boston being the cause they hadn't performed really in ages they did the rock and roll hall
of fame last year but their lead singer rick okasik passed away sunday it's a huge thing in
boston he's a boston rock legend i wrote a little blog on it the other day too wit were you a big
cause fan or not no i I saw you wrote that blog.
I mean, I know a couple of their songs,
but I didn't know he was that big of a deal.
Like he was...
Dude, the Kaz man, they came around this...
I hate to say new wave.
That was what they called this kind of music.
But they kind of came at a weird time, like after punk.
And they had this real unique sound that no one had before.
A lot of synthesizers, a lot of machines and shit. but they were just a very unique band very influential and they only around
for like a decade they put out i think six albums kind of i wouldn't say they changed the game but
they were very influential very inventive and then they kind of were gone almost as quick as
they came sort of like your credence clear water revival or the band these massive great bands and
they left they did reunite later but but one of the original members had gone,
so I don't really consider that the same band.
But, yeah, they were huge, man, the Cars.
If you grew up in the 70s and 80s MTV era, you knew and loved the Cars.
They were monsters.
So, you know, we just want to send condolences to any family or friends of his
who might listen because he was a monster.
And what everyone else said, too, is he was a great family guy.
You never heard any rock and roll stories like drugs and girls and all that.
He was a family man, raised his kids, and was just a regular, normal dude.
I couldn't believe he was 75 years old.
That's one in a million.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm sure he had his fun.
He was like a family man and like a husband and father.
I mean, I don't know.
There were a lot of more fathers, but actually like around and not just crushing groupies.
So I didn't even know anything about him.
I knew the cars had some bangers, but I didn't know he was that big of a deal i also didn't know he
was from boston yeah well originally he's from maybe i don't know if it was ohio he wasn't born
and raised here but him and one of the other members settled here so it was a boston-based
band but i mean they're not originally from boston but the cars were interesting formed in
kind of made their bones here so to speak so if So if you're not familiar with it, man, dust off some fucking old albums.
It's good shit.
Go listen to it.
Love it.
Boys, I'm excited to see you guys.
We're going to have some fun.
We're going to be banking some awesome interviews.
We don't want to spoil it.
We got how many Hall of Famers?
Well, we got maybe one or two potential and definitely one that we're going to be banking.
Probably one of our, what do you call it?
White whale, is that the term?
There's a couple, guys.
What's that term? White whale.
It's from Moby Dick.
Oh, that's from Moby Dick?
A whale that was white?
Yeah, it was like a big, giant white whale, Captain Ahab.
And don't mistake, I never
read Moby Dick. I'm just familiar with it. Captain Ahab could never get him, so he was a white whale, Captain Ahab. And I fucking don't mistake. I never read Moby Dick. I'm just familiar with it.
Yeah, Captain Ahab could never get him, so he was a white whale.
Hey, you know what Moby Dick's father's name is, Biz?
Is this an RA joke?
I don't know.
Papa Boner.
You are fucking incredible.
How do you know all these fucking jokes, these dad jokes?
You're not a dad.
How do you know these?
That's what I knew. Every joke
in the book when I was 10 years old.
Unfortunately, I can't tell 90 of them
anymore. You know what we haven't heard in a
while, though, is a Simpsons reference, man. I'm getting
a little upset. I think we're losing you.
Wow. Are you not a Simpsons
fan anymore, Ray? Have you turned the tide?
He doesn't like, he liked the early
seasons. He doesn't like. Yeah, seasons one through nine.
I mean, basically, if you put them on TV,
you got about a 25 chance of catching a classic episode.
But no, no, man, I drop them when necessary.
You can't force those bad boys.
Speaking of cartoons, one funny thing to end things off is,
remember when I said who touched the thermostat?
And R.A. was like, he's like, oh, I don't know that one.
He's like, I didn't watch any seasons of Family Guy past the second season.
I only watched the first two seasons.
I guess that scene is in the first ever episode.
Right, yeah.
And shame on me.
I didn't remember.
It's in the first ever fucking episode.
And somebody was tweeting at me.
I was like, oh, great.
So on that note, oh, we got to talk,
briefly mention the Pink Whitney party on Monday, September 20.
Help me out here, 23rd.
So the launch party will actually be Tuesday, the 24th, and it will be held at American whiskey in New York city. We'll have more details
on the next episode, but keep an eye out. It will be from six to nine Tuesday, September 25th,
and it will be held at American whiskey in in New York City. In New York City.
So it'll be a Pink Whitney party.
We're going to be getting shit faced.
It's going to be a great time.
And as far as our Canadian listeners, we will have more information when we get to the headquarters
and we talk to people in New Amsterdam and the head people at Barstool.
And we are still on the hunt to get you guys the pink whitneys i'm i'm going to crush
one right now i'm playing 36 tomorrow i'm fired up i'm gonna have a nice the drink's so good i'm
sorry it's so good i have not heard one bad review i've been passing it around the rink with people
love it people really like it i unless people just love blowing smoke right up my five hole,
every person's like, dude, I love it.
It's good.
You don't even really need to mix anything.
This flavor job is just powerful yet subtle.
It's just a great drink.
So enjoy it, everyone.
And, guys, I'm very happy to see you guys in person Sunday night.
Looking forward to it.
Besides Grinnelli's sideburns.
So love all your listeners.
Same here.
And as always, we want to say thanks to our wonderful sponsors
as we wrap up here.
If you're going to use them, GOAT, the promo code is CHICKLETS.
Zappia, promo code is CHICKLETS.
If you're going to use Can I Brands, the promo code is BIZ20.
And if you're going to go to Raycon, the promo code there is CHICKLETS as well.
Once again, thanks for supporting our sponsors and supporting the pod.
Take care, all. We're always dancing down the street. promo code there is chicklets as well once again thanks for supporting our sponsors and supporting the pod take care all
dancing down the street
with his way blue eyes
they're the new boy that you meet
he doesn't know the real surprise
here she comes again
when she's dancing Neath the stormy sky
She'll make you feel
Here she comes again
When she's dancing
Neath the stormy sky
I kind of like you
When you're dead
