Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 204 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends at at new amsterdam vodka as you can tell by my voice we're still down new york city still grinding we
got some unreal interviews coming we had our pink whitney uh launch party last night was unreal
we're going to get to that in a second we got the metropolitan division preview coming up and
we're going to go a little old school instead of bringing a current player we got lyle odeline
longtime new jersey devil outstanding interview We got to ask him about
some classic 90s moments in addition
to his post-career story, which
is amazing. I'm going to
talk about it. I want everybody to hear it. But first,
let's do our hellos. Producer Mikey
Grinelli, what's going on, my man? What's up,
fellas? That Pink Whitney party was a blast
last night. The fact that anyone would
ever ask me to take a picture with them still
blows my mind. I'm such a pigeon.
That was a blast, guys.
Thank you for getting me involved with this. It's been a fun
ride so far. I saw a few chirps
online with that, Grinnell, about it being
a Cocktoberfetch, which is something that we don't
mind. We have a strong male
demographic. It was great
to hang out with our bros. A few females
did show up. Lots of them.
Actually, two females specifically
came up to me and said, hey, can you get me up
stairs so I can meet R.A.?
And they were some beautiful young ladies,
R.A. So I was the two-on-one.
I love it.
I love interacting with all our fans, but yeah,
it's great to have, you know, lady fans
out there that we took plenty of pictures with
all of them. Unreal time,
man. I mean, it was overwhelming to me just like that that many people show up because new york city there's so much
shit going on no one really gives a fuck about you know this type of stuff but to have that bar
packed have a huge line uh with with doug you know you were there man it was fucking crazy eh
yeah i was there it's my name on the drink it was fucking phenomenal it was uh once you walk in you
see the little mini black helmets with the pink whitney logo or the chick pink chiclets logo they get the big screen where we're taking pictures with people
some kid took like every picture that kid was nuts yeah he was just like bossing everyone around
where to stand so thank you for him for taking the pics biz's add was crushing me we'd take a
picture and then somebody next person in line would come for the picture and busy be talking
to the picture with 15 times in a row.
I'm like, Biz, Biz, Biz.
But you were just being nice and you were chatting with everyone.
But it was great to meet all these people who were nice enough to come out.
Everyone was slugging pink wits.
It was tough.
I was like, it's 6.45.
I've had four of these things.
I'm going to be cross-eyed like Riggs or I guess he isn't anymore a fucking loser.
We'll get into that soon.
So I still had a great time.
I went out to a nice dinner after.
So it's been a hell of a week.
We've gotten a lot done.
I feel like we've worked as hard as we've ever worked.
I'm beat.
I'm beat right now.
But it's about having the energy to bring it this week on this podcast,
where I think everyone will enjoy the interview
and the preview of the Metropolitan Division.
I guess we didn't even need to intro me,
and we just kind of got right into it.
Yeah, well, when we're in person, it's easy to do the conversation thing.
And also, I want to send a special thanks.
My favorite moment of the night was we were taking pictures.
I looked over, and I saw three of the FDNY boys come in,
full uniform with the boots on.
I've said it a million times on the show.
My old man was a Boston firefighter, so I have an automatic thing where I went right over to him.
They just wanted to come and take a picture.
They literally, I'm like, boys, you get to cut the line.
Took a picture, shook hands, and off they went.
They went back to work at one of the Hell's Kitchen's engines.
So to me, that was awesome, man.
It was just like these guys listening to us,
like fucking dynamite.
So that was a special moment to me.
So thanks to everybody who came.
Thanks to everybody who supported us.
American Whiskey was the name of the place.
Oh, yeah.
And also thanks to American Whiskey.
The owners were awesome.
Hey, so apparently Kreider was on his way to the game last night.
I don't know if he played or not.
But I think that's a regular stop for some of the Rangers.
Really, a lot of the athletes, apparently OBJ would hang out in there.
Someone said they saw OBJ and Rihanna in that bar at one point when he was playing with the Giants.
But Kreider tried to go walk in,
maybe as he usually does when he's not playing,
just to grab a bite to eat,
on his way over to MSG,
and the doors were locked for the Pink Whitney party.
They were setting up.
So he was unable to enter the building,
and the bouncers were like,
they obviously didn't know.
No stairway denied.
Well, that is Wayne's World.
Yes!
Yes.
Fizz got one of my references.
There you go.
I haven't seen you that fired up since your honks.
I'm just kidding.
All right, boys.
We got a couple news items to get to first before we get to the interviews and previews.
Big sign, and Matthew Kachuk finally got that ticket.
Signed with the Flames a week before the new season starts.
A three-year, 21 million deal.
It's a 7 million AAV.
Makes him the highest-paid player on the Flames.
And that third year, once again, is 9 million, like we talked about before.
It's the minimum qualifying offer.
So pretty much that fourth year, he's getting at least nine.
This is huge for Calgary, getting him in the fold.
He's only 21, but he's such a key part of this team.
He's improved each year.
Whitney, this money worth it or what?
I completely agree.
I think it's worth it for sure.
It's kind of amazing that that's what it ended up being when it took that long.
But still, what are you going to do?
It ends up working out where it's before the season.
He's probably going to get a preseason game in.
He's back with his boys and his teammates.
So I love the signing, the way he's turned into that guy who can score, fight, hit, be a rat.
It doesn't really matter.
He can do it all.
And also it kind of reminds me how crazy it is that right now they got three more years at Goudreau
with just a 6.7 cap hit.
He looks to get, what, between 80 and 100 points every single season.
So this team is a good club.
And without Kachuk, they weren't going to be the same.
So it makes total sense that they pay him.
He deserves it.
And I think it works out for everyone.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
I like the structure of it, too.
I think seven's very fair for him on a bridge deal.
And by the time that new contract's up, I think 9 million will probably be around the number that he was going to land on.
I said that he was worth an extension of eight years
at 9 million as the player he is now.
I think this is an extremely good deal
for the Calgary Flames.
Although, hey, if he keeps excelling
and playing to his ability,
by the time that new TV deal kicks in,
this guy might be a 10 or 11.
He's a heart and soul guy.
I've said it before.
He's got that sandpaper finish just like Lindstrom's blade
and sometimes that fucking hoop or that cock that gets shoved up my hoop
when some of these players hear me chirp them on the podcast
and then they go on an absolute fucking tear.
But other than that, no, great, great move.
I love tree living.
Great GM, great players, GM, too.
He talks to the guys.
Not too buddy-buddy, but the perfect amount.
So they're pretty much their core locked up here for the next three years.
Yeah, a premier agitator who's basically a point-per-game player.
Yeah, he's Marshawn status.
Exactly.
So another big sign-in, very similar, Braden Point back with Tampa.
He signed a three-year 20.25 million deal.
That's 6.7 average annual value.
But like Kachuk, he's also getting 9 million in that year three.
This kid's a third rounder who put up 92 points in 79 games last year.
He's a 22-year-old.
You know, this Tampa core is kind of the same few guys.
I'd have to say this kid's definitely part of the core going forward now.
Biz, pretty much the same thing on this one, right?
Yeah, I mean, I've said it a million times,
and you're going to hear it in my breakdown of the Atlantic too.
The state tax is just keeping that core group together,
and they are laughing all the way to the bank.
That's a great number to get him at.
We talked about it.
He's making only 1 million less than Mitch Marner.
Great player.
How long was the term again?
Three years, full point.
Yeah, so just a little bit below Matthew Kachuk,
which I think is fair.
Great signing.
Yeah, and with him being out until late October
after the hip surgery in the offseason,
it made sense that this one took a little bit longer, and it kind of happened overnight.
All of a sudden, both sides made a little bit of an adjustment, and it got done, but great deal.
And by what Biz said, we do explain it, but I guess that's in the Atlantic Division preview,
which you've already done, that won't be out.
So to explain it a little easier, Marner's cap hit is like 11 million.
Points is, what did you say, 675RA?
Yeah.
Okay.
Yep.
All right.
Well, we had a tweet sent to us where it really breaks it all down in the fact that after all the taxes that Marner's going to pay
and pretty much the lack of taxes or the lesser amount that Point has to play,
Toronto gets hit with a 4 million higher cap hit than Point's contract,
and Point actually makes 1 million less in the end run.
So there's your advantage.
So that's how Toronto almost has 10 million less in the cap than Tampa.
I know it sounds crazy, but that's really what happens
when you talk about these state taxes that Biz loves to mention.
Well, I just love to mention it.
Because it matters.
That tweet was crazy.
I didn't realize it.
I think it's something they need to address in the next CBA
because, I mean, they always talk about an even playing field,
and that's why there is the salary cap in place.
Well, I mean, if you're dealing with those types of numbers,
that's a significant advantage.
Yeah.
Or we also mentioned it, the other way to go with it
would be to reward teams that draft and develop their own talent.
If they sign them for a certain dollar amount,
they get certain money off of the cap because they draft and develop them.
Good point.
So that's my thoughts on that.
Okay, thank you so much.
As I'm fading off into the distance.
Don't worry.
We're almost there, buddy.
We got one big trade.
We've been kind of expecting it for a little while.
Give me a bump, all right?
Fucking Christ.
I'm serious.
Look a brother up. Yeah, hold on.
Justin Falk trade finally
went down, and he just made the cup
champs even better as the Canes
sent him
in a fifth round in 2020 to the
Blues for Joel Edmondson,
prospect Dominic Bach, and a seventh
in 2020. The Blues then went
and signed Falk to a seven-year,
45.5 million dollar extension that
kicks in after this season that's a 6.5 million average annual value right now the blues don't
have a lot of cap room so they can either long-term injury reserve a guy or even make a move
uh Falk does give does give them four right shot D now with Petrangelo, Pareko, Bortuzzo
just something worth keeping an eye on uh the Canes, they shed a little bit of salary.
They also pick up a skilled German prospect.
For a guy who clearly wasn't going to brie up there,
so the Canes did what they could with it.
What do you take, my man?
I love that deal.
I love that deal.
You're asking why I'm laughing.
Biz has his hands down his pants.
That's why I'm laughing.
Listen, Falk deserves that money.
He has had sick years.
And you know what I said to you, Biz, or it might have been you already.
When he was traded, I didn't realize how much he had done for military
families. He started a big thing down in
Carolina where they were coming to every game.
So he's a guy that really made a huge impact
in Carolina, not just on the ice, but off the ice.
So St. Louis is lucky to get him.
I think that it's tough to lose Edmondson because
he's a great guy in the room. We got to know him a little bit,
Biz. Guys love playing with him.
So he's also tough as shit. So they We got to know him a little bit, Biz. Guys love playing with him, so he's also tough as shit.
So they do lose.
They gain a puck mover, but they lose a guy who could fight a little bit,
sandpaper, harder to play against defensively.
But it's a great move by St. Louis.
It gives them a chance to legitimately repeat,
not that they couldn't have before,
but I love it just getting another mover back there.
And I think that in the end, St. Louis didn't have to make changes,
but this is one that they did make that helps a ton.
So I think it's a great job by them, and I think Falk's did make that helps a ton. So I think it's a great job by them
and I think Falk's going to help out a ton.
And I know it's been a long week. Was Edmondson the
one that they were potentially maybe
going to go to arbitration or maybe they even did?
Edmondson, I believe he was a healthy
scratch in the finals, so maybe they thought
it was time once they assumed moving forward
he's going to want some more money after this.
He actually did go to arbitration and won.
Okay, and what was he rewarded?
3.1 mil.
And they signed him to a one-year deal at that number.
So he didn't have the greatest year last year.
They did win the cup.
He was healthy in the finals a little bit.
I think a new change of scenery might give him a little kick in the arse
in order to have a big year,
in order to get him a nice little healthy contract after this year.
But, you know, as an organization, St. Louis thought,
this is a way for us to improve our lineup.
There's high expectations going into this season,
just as there was last year, in order to repeat.
And, R.A., how do you feel about it?
Yeah, Biz, it was clear he wasn't going to be there much longer.
Carolina's hands were somewhat tied,
so I think they made the best of a situation.
You know, that Edmondson deal, it's going to be gone after this year. longer carolina's their hands were somewhat tied so i think they made the best of a situation you
know that uh edmondson deal it's going to be gone after this year they'll be able to save about a
million dollars and honestly this kid they they got bach he's a german kid he's really highly
skilled he's actually playing in the swedish elite league right now and he's known as a high
pro uh pretty well regarded prospect so that could be a deal that really pays off in a couple years
for the cane so so you know i mean you I mean, I think both teams make out here.
Like I said, the cup champs got even better.
On a non-hockey side of things, I feel bad for Edmondson
because he did have a lot of close buddies on that St. Louis Blues team.
He's going to be leaving back a lot of memories.
But, hey, nice, young, fun team in Carolina too.
I hope he makes friends with the boys early and has a great season
and gets a big ticket. day hey day all right boys one more story before we go to Lyle Autoline
uh come out actually last night we were at the party Austin Matthews in Arizona he's been charged
with disorderly conduct from uh I guess an incident back in May um I guess there was a female
security guy in his car him and his buddies they hit the car or startled
the woman or something she didn't call the cops or he wasn't arrested she did file a complaint
with the police shortly after the next day or whatever I don't know why the story finally come
out now whatever but it did like I said he wasn't arrested he wasn't charged he's gonna have his
lawyer appear for him you know there's a filed. We really don't know what happened.
We're not going to make any judgments one way or the other.
Biz, I know you want to mention something.
Well, I just think it's a little unfortunate because this is going to be a big year for this guy.
He just signed his new contract.
At this point when we're recording this, the rumor is that he is going to be given the captaincy.
Now people are trying to spin it into something where they're like, oh, he's too immature and he's not ready to do it.
And, you know, of course Toronto media, or some of which anyway,
are going to run with this and try to spin it like, hey, give it to JT.
He's already experienced being a captain. You know, he's more mature, but this is a mistake,
and it seems as if though it was a harmless mistake,
and, you know, it's going to be blown out of proportion.
But this is going to be a learning experience for him, I gather.
He's a good kid, okay?
This is, you know, maybe a few too many pops.
It's a great learning experience, as I just mentioned.
Let's try to not make this more than what it is.
If they plan on getting him the captaincy, I hope this doesn't change it.
Because you're talking about you know a pivotal move a
pivotal moment in in toronto maple leaf's franchise history right i mean like that's a going with one
guy or the other is pivotal because you i don't know how much him getting the cap see if he does
is weighing on his decision whether after this five years it's a little harder to leave if you're
a captain of an organization that it would be let's's say, if they gave the captaincy to John Tavares.
And who knows?
Maybe that's part of the one of the small slivers of the reason why they did hand it
to him because they do want him to become a Leaf long term.
So I hope I hope he still gets it.
And I think that we need to be a little less hard on some of these fucking young guys,
especially when they're making mistakes that aren't that colossal.
Let's turn it into a learning experience and move the fuck on.
He's going to light it up this year.
He's going to light it up.
So you both just said perfectly what kind of happened.
It's not the end of the world.
He's going to light it up.
And in about, I'm guessing, let's say a week, maybe because it's Toronto, two weeks, this is gone.
Not even a story.
He's a superstar.
And this isn't a shot at Connor McDavid.
I think that if healthy, Austin could play at close to a level of what Connor McDavid could do.
Maybe not look the same doing it, but he's got the most lethal shot in the NHL.
I think he's set to be a 50-goal scorer,
and he does show personality off the ice.
Sometimes that comes with certain things
that when you're squeaky clean won't come out,
but this guy is something to build the league around.
Let's not fuck it up and shun him away
because he's
made one little mistake right and again and i'm not and i'm not dismissing going so we're not
taking sides obviously he we're friendly with him it's you know the police report is online if you
want to read it i mean but like that's the person's version of events so we're not going to sit and
present all of it as fact it may well be we don't know that we weren't there so that's what i mean
by that we don't kind of say this happened or that happened.
None of us know.
But if the report is true, I mean, you know, it sounds like the woman was startled and
they may be scared or more than anything, you know, drunk guys, whatever.
But she wanted to press charges and whatever.
Like I said, the cops weren't called that night.
He wasn't arrested.
So hopefully it gets resolved.
Shitty fucking timing.
Yeah, it's just, you know, it was just, hey, it was just, hey, listen, us four guys,
we surely know we've had nights where maybe we wanted to do over,
maybe something like that.
But either way, it doesn't appear to be really a huge deal,
so we hope it gets resolved.
And with that, boys, I think it's time to send it over to Lyle Oterline.
This guy was an absolute warrior when he played.
Unreal, tough defenseman.
Again, this was an interview I personally enjoyed a lot. was uh getting some good old gossip from the 90s i think some old school fans
are going to appreciate so without further ado let's send it over to lyle orderline this interview
is brought to you by kettlebell kitchen nutrition is on everyone's minds what when and how much to
eat it's a mess of conflicting information that can confuse anyone and derail your fitness journey. So many diets, so many meal plans, who knows?
But Kettlebell Kitchen knows that meal planning isn't one size fits all,
which is why they offer a personalized solution.
They are changing people's lives through food because Kettlebell Kitchen was founded by two army vets
who happen to be brothers and a chef with a mission to help people change their lives through food.
Their goal is to help you achieve yours with meal plans that are tailored to your needs and their team of
nutritionists will help you create a sustainable health plan and honors your unique body needs
meal plans are tailored to your goals whether you're slimming down bulking up but just looking
a few a day there's a plan for you all their meals are free of dairy soy and artificial sweeteners
and made from ingredients naturally free of gluten. Vegetarian, keto, Whole30, and paleo options also available. And you can even filter
your calorie, protein, fat, and carb limits so you get exactly the right food for your unique needs.
Feed the champion in you today with Kettlebell Kitchen. Go to kettlebellkitchen.com and enter
the code CHICKLETS for 50 off your first two orders for new customers that's fifty dollars off your first two orders at kettlebellkitchen.com with the code chicklets
our next guest was a seventh round draft pick by the montreal canadians way back in the 1986 draft
and he ended up playing defense for 16 nhl seasons he tall,056 regular season games. He added 86 more in the playoffs, excuse me,
while playing for eight different teams.
One of the toughest guys of his era.
He racked up over 2,300 penalty minutes,
and he's also a member of the last Canadian team to win the Stanley Cup,
the fabled 1993 Montreal Canadiens squad.
It's a pleasure to welcome him to Spit and Chick.
Let's lie a little line.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Absolutely, man.
What are you up to these days?
Well, right now I'm on the balcony in Lake Tahoe.
We have a place out here, so I'm up here for three weeks and enjoying life.
Oh, that's a beautiful spot.
Hey, were you there when that celebrity golf tournament was going on?
No, I wasn't.
I missed that.
No, it was a week later.
Oh, okay. Well, Odie, I've brought your I missed that. No, it was a week later. Oh, okay.
Well, Odie, I've brought your name up many times here before.
A guy that my first year in the NHL, you were a veteran.
You were on the Penguins.
You were teaching me the ropes.
You were a guy that just made everyone laugh.
You were so respected.
And it's incredible to think that what you've gone through since has been wild.
So I'm really excited to have you on.
Thank you again.
And I'm wondering, if we start back in junior, right?
Yeah.
You know, you're a seventh-round pick.
You're playing in Moose Jaw right away.
I mean, you look at penalty minutes, and I remember some of your stories.
You were willing to fight.
Did you realize it was going to be like that in the NHL?
Or were you all offense?
Because I know you had those silky mitts.
Yeah, no, no.
I knew I had to fight to get to the NHL
and
Jerry James told me
I wasn't good enough to play and
we had Dave Brown and Jerry Kosher
and York and Terriers and
that's how I had to make it.
I know I put up some pretty good numbers, but
I think that changed
when I made the World Cup team.
I see you and Jim McKenzie were on the same couple's moose jaw teams.
Did you guys have a scrap either in practice or maybe in campus, something?
Yeah, we fought one time in Marshall when he was playing for the Willers.
Yeah, he's a real tough guy, I'll tell you that.
There's a lot of tough guys out there as well, we'll tell you that.
How'd you feel? Who won that one?
It was more of a tussle, and I know Jimmy had a big right arm,
and so did I.
No one kind of let that go, and if I could throw left,
then so could he.
And I know I was out of respect for each other
because we didn't want to fight each other,
but I knew Paul Holmgren sent him off there
because we were winning the game pretty bad.
That's not all that was big on Jimmy from what we hear on the campfire.
Another guy you played junior with.
Oh, go ahead.
Sorry.
No, no, no.
I said Jimmy's a real tough guy.
I'll tell you that.
Another guy you played junior with was Theo Fleury.
And, I mean, that guy was electric everywhere he played.
What was it like watching that guy game in and game out in junior?
You know, it was unbelievable.
When I went back to Moosehawk quite a few years ago,
and there's a hockey hall of fame there,
and, you know, there was like nine guys off that,
probably six guys off that team,
and nine of them had to stand in a couple of rings,
which is pretty impressive.
You know, you get to Montreal, you're a first-year guy.
And I think from remembering playing with you, you were quite clear that when you're a rookie,
you should kind of keep quiet.
Not all the time, but maybe not be the loudest guy.
So you go into a locker room with Denis Savard.
I mean, just some legendary Canadians.
What were you like when you were a young guy in the room?
Well, you know, first of all, it was actually Chris Chelios,
Shane Corson, Mike Keane, and Carbono, and Patrick Waugh.
I learned really quick and really fast.
I remember we had a training camp over in Sweden,
and we were at Cafe Opera, and I was making like 140 grand.
I said, boys, don't worry about it.
I'll get the tab tonight.
And I got the tab, and I wouldn't cover my first check. And Chelios goes, don't worry about it i'll get the tab tonight and uh i got the tab and i wouldn't cover my first
check and chelios goes uh don't worry about it kid i got i was like thank god
that's unbelievable i bit off a little bit more than i could chew there
another story about uh teaching someone else the ropes uh i got this one from terry ryan
he texted me he goes my first game i showed up with
a tip-top taylor suit and snakes and snakeskin cowboy boots and od took me aside and told me i
looked like a chump lol he said take that cheap suit to the thrift store kid and save the funky
boots until you've played a few fucking years you got yeah i do remember that i forgot about that
but that is a true story. Oh my god.
That's hilarious. That is true, though.
What a great guy.
And then you ended up buying him a suit,
he said.
Yes, I did. I actually did that for a few people
and I don't know.
I learned from the best, I guess.
Hall of Fame, Pat Burns
was your first coach in the NHL. What kind
of impact did he have early in your career
when you were just starting out?
Well, I remember, you know, I was going out a lot,
just like Whit would tell you.
And I was at Chez Paris.
And, you know, of course, and all the boys,
and Chelly and Suffs.
And, I mean, back in the day, as Whit will tell you,
it was a different league back then.
And I come in the next day, and I got sent down.
And he goes, he said to me, I'll never forget this,
who in the hell, no, who in the fuck do you think you are,
exactly what he said.
And he said, I'm sending you down.
And then I got all the way to Sherbrooke, and I called right back up.
So I drove right back up, and he was waiting for me in the locker room
probably around 5.30, 6 o'clock.
He goes, you get the picture?
I said, yeah, I do very well.
Bernsie was great.
He gave him my chance, and I remember scoring my first goal end-to-end
in Chicago.
It took me 93 games, and he goes, nice goal.
Don't ever fucking do it again.
I know where I am.
He threw my stick in practice the next day.
He threw my stick in the stands and I had to go get it.
He was tough.
I actually
remember you telling me that story about
the first goal being ended.
Did you wheel behind the net and actually
walk through the D at the end of it?
It was just that much of a beaut?
If you look at the video, I still remember it like yesterday.
I put the puck in between Johnny and Claire's skates,
and I think everyone thought I was going to dump the puck into the red line.
I split Steve Smith, and I forgot who it was, and Dolph was in the net.
I went around everybody in the backhand.
I just, honest to God, was throwing to the net, to tell you the truth,
and I went in. I was like honest to God, was throwing to the net, to tell you the truth, and I went in.
I was like, holy shit, this is great.
So another record or a very important part of your career,
at least from what I remember, was that you broke,
was it Doug Harvey's record for assists by a Montreal Canadiens defenseman
in one game with five?
Is that true?
Yeah, actually, the record, I tied it.
And then the next night I had a hat trick against St. Louis, Curtis Joseph.
I think at the time, believe it or not, I think I had like two points.
I ended up with 12 points in three games.
And in the U.S. today, it's a sunshine boy.
And I'm like, what the fuck's going on here?
But I was, and I went to the bar after I got a hat trick
and everyone said, oh, wow, because I had an unbelievable fight.
Everybody was fighting, maybe twist or something.
And they said, oh, great fight.
I said, what about my hat trick?
They said, oh, we don't want you to score.
Just fight.
I was like, oh, okay.
I thought you said you got a hat trick off the ice that night
because I'd imagine that playing in Montreal
and getting all those points, you probably did pretty good.
I had a hat trick a few nights off the ice there.
No five points, no five assists, but a few hat tricks.
We mentioned the 93 Canadians I gave you the intro there
That team lost its first overtime game in that playoffs
Then it won its next 10 consecutive overtime games
En route to the Cup
Were you ever on a team that had any sort of streak resembling anything like that?
10 straight overtime wins in the playoffs?
No, but there was a guy in the net
I'm sure you guys know him very well
Oh, ever heard of him?
Yeah He came up in the room and
said, you know, he'd give up two goals. He says, you know what?
The door is closed here. Just go get me the third one.
And, you know, I play
with so many character guys and legends that
it's amazing when somebody
like that stands up in the room and
does what he does
and follows through with it. It's pretty amazing. So, I mean, it's coming up and, you know, and does what he does and follows through with it.
It's pretty amazing.
So, I mean, it's coming up on, you know,
30 years almost since the Stanley Cup that you did.
Yeah, 26 to be exact,
because we had our 25th anniversary in October,
and, you know, Kirky, Keenan, and I,
and Delos, and Carbo, and everyone was there,
and we were talking, and, you know, the only Canadian team in 26 years, which is kind of sad,
because I cheer for all the Canadian teams, obviously,
to win the Cup because I'm Canadian, as you guys know.
And I just root every year that, you know, it doesn't go to 30 years.
So that season, you know, during the regular season,
are you thinking, like, we have a team that could do it.
I mean, there were some ups and downs.
I do know that.
But was it in your mind already this is actually a cup caliber team?
You know, to be honest with you, I didn't think we were.
I know Patrick did and Carbo and Keener and Muller.
I mean, their strive to win is with nose.
I mean, winning a cup, it takes a lot out of you and stuff.
And Jacques Demers had a big role to play in that.
I mean, also, and I was checking the first line with Matthew Schneider.
And I remember playing Quebec.
We lost the first two games.
And Rob Ramage broke his nose.
And we were really young.
And we went to three defense.
I played 42 minutes one game, which was way, way, way too much for me.
It's amazing.
Demarys put me on the map, I can tell you that much.
Thurston Vard is by far the best general manager and a good friend.
I'm playing on the golf tournament with him next month, actually.
He's a guy that won two cups as a general manager,
you know, he believed in character.
And that's why we won in 86 and in 93.
You just mentioned Jacques Demers.
I wanted to ask about him.
I mean, obviously, Patrick Waugh was outstanding.
But when you look at other Montreal Canadiens rosters that won the cup,
they weren't as, you know, maybe not as talented as some of those rosters.
So what did Jacques do that was able to get this group over the hump?
It seems like he had them playing over their heads almost to some degree.
Well, you know, yeah, and also we played the right team.
It was the 100th anniversary, as you guys know,
and things kind of fell into place for us.
And then I remember we lost the first two games to Quebec,
and then we come home and Jackock took us out in the farm
and showed us all the batters and stuff.
And, you know, you guys, we got to get another one.
You know, Jock, he's all over the map.
And he was mumbling, bumbling.
And, like, he would say, all right, boys, let's separate the men from the boys.
Let's go, boys.
It was like, boys, we're all men here.
That was Jock.
Let me ask about the celebration, though,
because in a city like Montreal,
the Stanley,
how many nights till you slept?
I'm not allowed to say
that, am I?
You're allowed to say whatever you want.
You know how long our
lunches were.
Odie's bringing up
the lunches. Now, I need to know, there must have been a veteran in your life
that taught you about those lunches because this was right from training camp.
We go have a nice sandwich, maybe a salad, a couple beers.
Next thing you know, it's dinner time.
We got the same waitress.
She's trying to close out her tab as the next one's coming in.
Yeah, and plus, we didn't have lunch yet.
I tell you what, Shelly and Carbo, I mean, the list goes on and on.
And I'll tell you what, like, I was completely, wow.
I mean, this is, I mean, wow.
I was just in awe of everybody.
Of all the time you spent in Montreal with all those delinquents
on those teams having a good time,
was there one situation you guys might have found yourself in a pickle
that it would be a story that you'd be comfortable sharing?
Well, we had a rat in the room one time where Serge Vardy never come in the dressing room.
And he kept the coaches out and trainers.
And he said, Odie, I think you know who the rat is here i think
you'll take care of it and i'm not gonna bring up any names um but uh i mean i had a couple black
guys the next day in practice and obviously won the fight and guy never played again so i mean
that's how close our family was like you know what happens on the road stay on the road and what you did you did and i was always single so i was you know everyone had a key in my house and
we partied like a rock star all the time that's wild yeah so essentially just a guy was saying
all the stuff that was going on behind the scenes and the party action and then it was getting back
to one of the old ladies and then eventually all the old ladies well yeah you know what this no one you know what as a lady you
played the game everyone knows i mean no one gives a shit what everyone does you know a lot of guys
i mean we're all great and stuff but you know things happen on the road and stuff and stayed
on the road and that's just how it was and it's not like you could blame it on the instagram or
the twitter or any of the social media bullshit just how it was. And it's not like you could blame it on the Instagram or the Twitter
or any of the social media bullshit back then.
It was for sure somebody leaking the stories.
Yeah, well, I would be in jail or wouldn't be playing,
I'll tell you that much.
Lyle, I want to go back to game two of that 93 Cup.
Were the guys on your bench aware that McSorley had an illegal curve?
And did you guys know Jack DeMille was going to maybe call for a measurement
if you needed it?
Because if you lose, you're going to go down 2-0
in that series. Correct.
Actually, Jack called Carbo
over and
Carbo was on the ice. Basically,
the whole game looked... I'll tell you what,
Gabe Carbo was a special guy and what a great
leader and captain. He was checking
everybody's sticks and stuff.
He saw Marty's
stick. I know a lot of people thought that
we got it somehow in their locker
room, which Witt will tell you that's not possible.
But Carmel made the
call and Jock,
Eric Desjardins, I think he had a hat trick
that night, 1-2-3. We won
in overtime. That was a
turning point in the whole series.
You're playing
against Wayne Gretzky in the Cup Finals,
and I'm assuming you're trying to play
him as hard as possible. I mean, it's
doing things for him that you would never do in a regular
season game, right?
Correct. As you know, it's a big game.
What would those guys get?
We would probably get 200 points in today's
game. I mean, no red line. You can't touch
anybody. I mean,
I was out with their name, Randy Hilliard.
I played a long time, was my
coach. And, you know, we brought
up guys like Crosby, you know, Malcolm,
everybody. I mean,
those guys were getting 219 points
where you could take a gun out there in overtime, as well.
I'll tell you that, too, and get away with it.
Now you can't touch anybody.
I mean, how many
50-goal scorers do you see in the NHL now? Not very many.
Maybe one or two. Yeah, not nearly as many
as we used to. I want to ask you
about one other incident. Were you on
the bench when Patrick Watt came off the
ice and barked at Mario Tremblay?
Could have to leave it in too long when you got shellacked that time.
Where were you when that happened?
Yeah, I was on the bench
and I saw it all.
I think there was, because Mario was a roommate with Patrick
and Patrick knew, you know, the past and the 80s and stuff.
And Mario came in and made the hard speech and the bullshit.
And I love Mario too.
It was just, it was something that shouldn't happen.
And the worst trade in the NHL other than Pellevi, Chalios, and Savard.
But, I mean, to get rid of Keener and Pachua, it was a real sad day.
And then Serge got fired, and that wasn't fair.
Did you know Waugh was going to be gone when it happened?
Did you think they'd go fire Tremblay?
No, I actually kind of knew it because, you know, a new general
manager, new coaches,
everyone was gone.
When you change management
and I get from top to bottom,
you've got to stick with it.
And when Patrick told Ron
Corey, he said, I will never play
this team again.
Vinny Dampus and I were both
single and going out and partying.
And when we went out that night and said,
I thought he's probably going to get traded.
Huh.
So you didn't think that that was going to boil over
at that point?
No, not when you change management
from cleaning everybody out and had to tell
something had to give.
Otherwise, you know, Merrill's only been there
a short time and you have Reginald
as your general manager.
And, I mean, it was just  he knew it was going to go the other way.
You've been very complimentary of Guy Carboneau.
Of course, he just got inducted into the  or hasn't been inducted yet,
but he's going to be a member of the Hall of Fame.
Yeah.
A lot of critics out there.
Maybe they don't think he has the type of numbers where he
should have been uh in in the hall of fame what is your response to that because you've been you've
said a lot of positive things already about him well i think with carbo people got to understand
he checked gretzky let me i mean the top line and uh i mean his numbers aren't there but uh
you gotta understand who he's playing against and game in and game out.
Guy's the exact same as me, and he liked his beers and went out and partied
and played every night and played hard.
But if he doesn't get in, I'd be very surprised and very disappointed.
So I'm wondering, you have the best year of your career,
the year after you guys win the Stanley Cup.
You go on three more seasons as a Canadian.
And then the summer of 1996, I believe, you move on to the Devils.
So what happened there?
Was there a chance of re-signing or was it kind of you were gone no matter what?
No, I asked for a million dollars, which was going to be a huge pay cut.
And I got traded for Steph Enrici and and uh two second round picks and then I made
the world cup team and uh Lou Lamarella who I got traded and we were in training camp
and the world cup and uh he goes I'm offering you 6.6 million I was like wow can you sock that over
right away we were staying in Calgary. I'm going to forget it.
And I got the sock to sit on.
I'm signing that right now.
So that was, I was like, and I was willing to take a pay cut and play there. But yeah, as Witt will tell you, that's how the game goes now.
You can be as loyal as you want, and you're treated like a piece of meat.
Yep, absolutely.
You know, when you were in New Jersey you played with a couple of savages
on the back line there Danico and
Stevens what did you learn playing with those guys
I mean they were a few years older than you they'd seen a few
things what did you take away from playing with those
two well first
of all I just want to tell you something Robbie
I hate it and I'm probably
one of the reasons why I got fired and I don't like the guy
and you read Gretzky's book he'll tell you the same thing and then when Jacques Lemaire was there
I was paired with Scott Stephen and probably had a couple of my best years because we checked the
first line I was in the first power play with Scott Niedermeyer and at the end of the game
with Stephen I was playing more than all those guys, and I told Jacques, I said, Jacques, I can't play. I said, these guys are way better than me.
But Jacques loved me for some reason,
and I was like, wow,
this is incredible. I mean, who's better than Scott Niedermeyer
in a skate like that? He'd take his equipment
off at the end of the game,
and he'd have two little circles on his
sweatshirt
he was wearing. I mean, it was,
and he told Jacques, he said, I could play the whole game
with the four timeouts, and Jacques said, no, you can't. But Nied was, and he told Jock, he said, I could play the whole game with the four timeouts.
And Jock says, no, you can't.
But neither of them could have.
Yeah, he could.
And neither didn't drink at all or nothing.
So he was, he was always ready to go.
Yeah, he was just insane.
And so you actually briefly mentioned making that World Cup team. And unfortunately for you, I remember that was like really falling in love with hockey's watching USA
pull this miraculous upset over you guys in March at all.
But I know that that's a tough ending,
but still being on a team with that many hall of famers and a part of that,
that tournament must've been at the time.
Well,
I'll tell you what,
I'd never learned so much from Wayne Kresge,
Merrick Messier,
you know,
even Lindros, I mean, Al McInnes and Scott.
I always got, you know, they're all a different league
and different class.
And this is how Gretzky was.
I think for six weeks, I think our checks were cleared 26,000 something.
And it was game three because we bested a three.
Everyone signed the checks and
give them to me and this is how classy gretz is he goes well we're all giving this to the trainers
i believe we had five or six trainers and i all went to them and i was like i'll talk about learning
from the best and then that's when i really my leadership i mean i wore whatever it was and a
captain and and i i have so much respect for those guys.
And Gratz, I'll tell you what, he's one of them.
I mean, he's probably  I can't  I mean, you want to talk about lunches
and checking everything up and, I mean, taking me to the Hugo Boss store
and trying to grab whatever you want off the rack.
You know, I got it all.
And I was like, holy shit, I got enough suit.
But I end up with 10, and I didn't have to buy
some clothes for two years.
Is that Hugo Boss suit, the one that you gave Terry Ryan?
Because he did mention it was Hugo Boss.
Yeah, well, maybe it was.
I can't even remember now.
I don't know.
It was all free, so.
Odie's known as buying people suits, but they actually were
all the ones Gretzky bought for you.
I don't think so.
I'm fucking around.
Hey, go fuck yourself.
Here we go. Now things are heating up.
Hey, that World Cup team, though,
that was preseason, like September,
if I'm not mistaken.
You guys must have been enjoying the days
off between games. I mean, there's no way
back in the
96 guys weren't having pops in between those games.
It was the most, you know what, other than winning the cup,
you know, you've won a cup or two.
No, I haven't.
Well, I thought you won one in Carolina.
No, that's Ray Whitney.
You thought, oh, we've had a couple guys think it was Ray Whitney.
Yeah, yeah, a bunch of times.
But no, I got traded from Pittsburgh.
That's right, too. That's right, too.
But you know what?
Playing on the World Cup team was
real special.
You would know this, too, because
I mean, we all shot you guys
58-18 and wasn't even...
Richter stood on his head, but it was good for hockey.
It was insane.
I mean, they had a lot of characters.
Billy Guerin and, I mean,
Dougie Waite, they were young and up and coming.
The media always said
we were too old and too slow, but
I think nothing against
Curtis Joseph. Maybe if we would have started
Berdere or something, it would have been a little different.
But Slots had
all the power,
and thank God he took me. But I think we need one of the best goalies in the world, you know, all the power, and thank God he took me.
But, you know, I think we need one of the best goalies in the world maybe ever
other than Patrick Waugh.
I'm not sure.
I mean, he's sitting on the bench, and you're like, wow.
But it would have been probably my biggest thrill winning a cup
and then winning that would have been just my  would have been the best thing ever.
So you'd signed with New Jersey.
Had you met Billy Guerin before you were facing off against him
in that World Cup?
No, I had that in Game 3 when we lost.
And we were shaking hands.
As a matter of fact, Billy Guerin,
one of the best guys in the world.
Best guys.
I look forward to playing with you and a teammate.
And I was like, wow, pretty classy.
And Billy's had a great career.
As you know, he's worked with the Penguins.
And there's a solid guy that knows how to win.
And great, great, great locker room guy.
Great off and on the ice and take guys out and do everything.
I mean, it was unreal.
Well, I wouldn't say he could do everything
because I remember a story he told me about how
when he was living away from home for the first time,
he started washing his clothes only with a fabric softener.
He didn't realize that detergent and fabric softener were different.
So finally he ends up, when he was dating his wife,
I don't know if they were dating at the time,
but finally they'd moved in together, and she kind of called him out.
She's like, where's your laundry detergent?
And he's like, well, it's right there.
What are you talking about?
And she had to break the news to him, and he's like, fuck,
no wonder my clothes were always so soft but kind of still stunk a little bit.
Billy can never guess anyway. he's got a great life so
that's uh well yeah that's bg he likes his beers i'll tell you that
we talked about the stanley cup history but we also made another kind of history you probably
weren't looking to make and that was some medical history um i just want to get our listeners up
up to speed on a little something uh. Yeah, not a little situation.
It was a major situation last year.
You basically developed flu-like symptoms.
You had a terrible infection.
Now, next thing you know, you're in a coma.
And then you became the first person, correct me if I got this wrong,
the first person to ever have a heart, liver, and kidney transplant all done in one single surgery.
And the surgery itself lasted for 24 hours.
And I guess the doc
said it was because you were a pro athlete you would have a better chance of surviving it and
he still only had the odds of five percent so you were in a coma for weeks after that you come out
of it what like what what the fuck where's your brain at that point i guess well i was in coma
for 60 days i'll tell you what i wasn't going to heaven i'll tell you what, I wasn't going to heaven, I'll tell you that much. It was like going to Vietnam or something.
The dreams, the bad dreams and places you're in and out of.
It was brutal.
I was golfing with my lover doctor the other day in Columbus.
He was up on the double league on the golf club out there.
And he goes, I can't tell you how many doctors told me from like eight all over the world.
No one's ever passed this.
And he goes, well, if there's one guy that can do it,
it would be me. And I mean, I didn't even thank God.
I have a great wife and family because, uh, I would have never made it.
But, uh, it's, it's funny how things work out in life.
I got instructed by a cactus and there would have been any alcohol involved or
anything like that.
I wouldn't have got a liver because I went right to the top.
He told me
a couple weeks ago when we were golfing, he said,
if you didn't get to the hospital in 10 to
12 hours, you wouldn't have made it.
The shit I went through and
the 5,000 needles and cut
all up, I'm just
blessed and happy to my wife laurel
i mean my three step kids my kids three uh were so supportive it's an it's an incredible story
and people really should you know google there's a couple different articles on it i read it i was
blown away and and i'm wondering that you just mentioned about the cactus so it's one of those
it's like the jumping cactus, right?
That'll kind of almost get you.
So that was the beginning of it?
Like, how did that even trigger everything?
Well, I was up there playing with my brother-in-law.
They have a place out in Arizona, in Scottsdale, and we were playing golf and wearing long
pants and it covered my whole calf.
And we couldn't pull it because it's like a porcupine.
So we tried to get it all off at the clubs and obviously
I don't think
I have to go to the doctor or anything I'll be fine
you know me, you know me Whit
so I'm like that's fuck all
and then Laura went to Beverly Hills
to see one of her
kids out there and
I was in bed and my leg
turned black and I was
sleeping like the whole time and I had some friends come over and said turned black, and I was sleeping the whole time.
And I had some friends come over and say, we're going to need a hospital.
And from there on, I was in the hospital for six months, and I had to learn how to walk again.
And, I mean, I lost my voice and everything.
I had to learn how to talk again.
It was scary, really, really scary.
I didn't think I was
actually going to make it.
My father-in-law's a doctor too.
We went through
everything and I got a good insurance
and have a lot of money.
I feel
sorry for the people who don't have good insurance
and stuff because you wouldn't
be able to make that.
I think my surgery and everything was over 8 million.
Oh, my God.
That is fucking crazy.
Wow.
So what did they say when it punctured you?
Did it just give you an infection?
Is that common with those jumping cactuses?
Yeah, it's not the first time it's happened out there either,
which I didn't know about that.
But actually, when I went to the hospital,
he said, you'll be out in a couple days.
You just have blood infection.
And, you know, I told my wife, don't worry about it.
I'll be out of the hospital in a couple days.
And then it spread it through my kidneys, heart,
and into my liver, and everything shut down.
Damn.
So I guess, like, I mean, tons of people golfing here in Arizona.
You see sometimes even on social media,
people post, like, clips of when they, like, fall into them,
and they're all  so this is serious stuff.
So if anyone listening, that's a good tidbit.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, you can Google all that stuff.
You know, you can't lie about stuff anymore.
So, I mean, it's pretty serious.
I mean, a lot of people probably would go to the doctor or whatever and blah, blah, blah.
But I left a bunch of cactuses in me and, you know, it was poison and that's what happened.
Lyle, how much do you have to sort of like, I guess, recalibrate as a human being after going through something like that?
I'll tell you what, I appreciate life a lot different than I did before.
Every day I wake up, I say my prayers every night.
Just different looking life.
I look at some people that are struggling and stuff and try and help them and stuff.
Like my daughter, for instance, I'm going to put their kid through college.
It's a different world.
Yeah.
That's a pretty damn thing, nice thing for you to do, man.
Yeah.
So I'm just blessed to be here and glad to be on your guys' show,
to tell you the truth.
I've been listening to you guys for quite some time now.
Oh, yeah?
Who was your favorite guest?
I heard Barnaby
a few months ago. I was laughing about that.
You guys must have
had at least five fights with him.
Probably about 20.
He's a great guy
but he's a tough guy
for his size. He can just hang on
so much. When you're trying to throw, you just get tired.
It's not like Fightin' Twist or
Probert or Brown or
the Big Crowders.
I'd give him a lot
of credit, but when he
fought Rob Ray, you look at all that stuff and
he'd be yelling at Rob Ray after the fight,
you didn't hurt me, you didn't hurt me.
That's just
mad, but he did a
hell of a job and he made a great career out of it.
And, you know, Witt, you should have played a lot longer, and you did too.
Yeah, except for those weak ass ankles.
No one can skate like you in the blue line when I played with you.
Hey, Odie, we just used to snap at D to D.
I remember me and you in practice.
You'd be like, watch this no look.
I used to just watch you skate because you remind me a lot of me
to my rear on the ice.
I'll tell you what, that's exciting smoothness.
You must have been buckled.
Odie, I got to ask you a story.
I got to ask you a story going back to Montreal.
What's the back story of you taking a clapper right into the Buffalo Sabres bench?
Well, I'll tell you the true story about that. That clapper right into the Buffalo Sabres bench?
Well, I'll tell you the true story about that.
That cost me actually 40,000 too, by the way.
Back then?
Yeah.
That must have been one of the highest fines ever.
Well, if I wouldn't hit Buddy, I would have killed him.
You look at the clipboard, I don't want to miss him by one foot.
One reporter said that he didn't have very long shooting the puck, but I come pretty close.
But anyway,
Matthew Snyder and I were checking the first
line, and the game got up 5-2.
I skated by the bench, and
I said, why don't you throw it to your big boys now?
And he said, fuck you. And I said,
fuck you, you paiute.
And I told Keener, I said, just win the draw. He goes,
the game's over. Just win the draw.
And I shot it right at his head.
That's fucking great.
I was a little bit nuts back in those days.
Oh, the wires crossed for Odie.
Nobody liked to see that happen.
I was pre cactus.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, um, you know, Odie, we appreciate, you know, very much coming on and joining us.
And that's an incredible story.
Not surprised, at least, one of the toughest guys that I know.
So to beat that and be where you are now, I'm very happy for you.
So thanks for coming on and joining the show.
Thank you very much.
And I appreciate your show, and I love listening to it.
And I saw Sean Burke was on there the other day.
He was awesome.
It was a little bit slower paced, but I thought he had some great stories. Did you
end up playing him when you were in Phoenix?
Yeah, I did. Yeah, yeah.
What a competitor, yeah.
I'll tell you what, I was blessed to play
some of the best goalies in the world from
Wada, Berdour, to Joseph, to
Fleury, Burke.
I mean, I was really blessed.
And Luongo.
I mean, that's what happens when you play for eight teams, right?
Absolutely.
Well, thanks so much for sharing with us, Odie, man.
We're really honored to have you share that story with us.
Well, thank you very much for having me, guys.
And like I said, I love listening to your show.
It's awesome.
And thanks for having me on.
All right.
See you, Odie.
Take care.
That interview is also brought
to you by can i brands as you know can i brands is a cbd company creating all natural hemp derived
products for athletic wellness started by athletes built for performance and puts wellness at the
core of everything they do and stand for whether that's giving your day a boost getting a better
sleep mending an injury,
or refreshing your mind and body, Can I Brands has a balm, cream, spray, and oils made for you.
We're also excited to announce that Can I Brands is also screening official partners to sell with in store. So if you are in a gym, health club, spa, or therapy clinic,
and interested in carrying Can I Brands balms brands balms creams oils and sprays in your
stores email info at can i brands.com that is info at can i brands which is c-a-n-i-b-r-a-n-d-s.com
to learn more you have to love it you know you want it Go online and hit up www.canibrands.com and use promo code biz20 to receive 20 off your next purchase.
Live life feeling amazing and follow Can I Brands on Instagram to stay tuned for upstates and sweepstakes, contests and promotions coming soon.
There might even be a contest being announced next week.
So keep your eyes on Can I Brands Instagram page for details.
being announced next week. So keep your eyes on Can I Brands Instagram page for details. Can I Brands, the company behind your favorite all natural CBD creams, balms, sprays, and oils.
Can I Brands, feel amazing. Thank you very much to Lyle Lodline. I'll always remember him. What's
up, babe? Just a great guy that I had the chance to play with and what a story. Holy shit. I mean,
the fact that he's like a medical miracle, in a sense, is wild.
I was really interested and very happy for him with what he's gone through.
In other news around...
Can I chime in on that?
Yes, go ahead.
I thought it was fascinating, because sometimes you go into interviews expecting, because
we've heard all these funny stories about him, and it's obvious that he's had a crazy
change of path in his life, and you could just sense by the tone of his voice how grateful he is now.
And, you know, it was a fascinating story.
I was happy to hear it and happy to be able to share it with everyone involved here
because that guy's a legend, and hopefully we can get him on again sometime
to maybe even share some of those crazy stories.
Yeah, he'd be fun in person.
So what I was going to say was the match has been set.
Everyone's been asking me, when is this match going to happen with Bozo,
the Bozo the Clown, the shitbag golfer with the ugly swing?
Well, it's October 9th.
It's going to be in Great Horse, which is this beautiful course in Western Mass,
I believe, Hamden.
I actually have had a million questions of can people go.
I don't think we're going to be doing that. I don't
know if the course can be open. I'm not
exactly sure, but I'm guessing no.
But it'll be all over Twitter.
Portnoy and Big Cat will be there doing
the announcing or whatever, the
chirping. They're just rooting for bad shots.
And it'll be updated on Twitter and
Instagram throughout the day. Now, the Lions
came out. Minus 600 wit
plus 350 rigs. Bozo,
I said, holy shit, I'm only minus 600. I thought it'd be minus 2000. So I am so much better than
him. And the whole way that this thing's gone down for quickly to just recap everything,
this fucking clown Bozo calls me out to play a match. This was like two years ago at this point.
clown bozo calls me out to play a match this is like two years ago at this point uh let's play a match i'll play you in a match okay um we'll play straight up no no uh i need strokes i need strokes
so it's almost like hey i'll fight you um okay let's fight oh we'll just quickly tie your arm
behind your back all right so he calls me out and then he needs the strokes that's one thing all
right i'll give you i'll give you a couple strokes i'm better than you now hey all right rigs we're
playing the tips we're're playing the tips.
We're not playing the tips.
No, 6,800-yard course.
I can't play the tips.
You're longer than me.
It's like, holy shit, every fucking time I bring something up,
he's just looking for another advantage.
It's pathetic.
It's like mental.
You can win a match before you even tee off.
Mentally, this kid is just wounded by me.
I mean, he knows I'm better.
In every single aspect, he's looking for a handout.
He's looking for a freebie.
It's mental warfare, Whit.
Dude, like, play the tips.
All right, I find out that the tips at this course are 7,600.
I didn't think that.
I'm talking a 7,200-yard course.
I don't even have the link to that.
You're a reasonable guy.
But, you know, Riz is going to be there right on my bag.
You will see golf shots you haven't seen since Halifax when I was
striping around. What did I shoot? 300 on the back there?
I'll be airballing drives over
this kid. He sucks.
I mean, he has the ability to play good once
in a while. His swing is disgusting.
I've always said he can score.
You know, last time we played together, I'll be clear,
we played spyglass. The thing was, we both
shot 78. If that were to be the case,
that'd be tough for me to win a match when he's getting three shots.
He needs his shots.
He reminded me of that a million times.
So, basically, I have to play like shit, and he has to play well for him to beat me.
If I play good, he has no chance.
If I play average, he plays average.
I still win.
Either way, you will see drives.
I'll hit it 50 yards, bastard.
I mean, this kid's swing blows.
Decent short game
But you've seen the swing
Everyone's seen it
Is it worse than mine?
Yes
Like he's better than you
But dude
Swing wise
It's ugly
You know what my dream
I won't be looking
I'll be looking
I can't look at that
You know what my dream is?
What?
Is that you beat him so bad
Before the
18 holes is even up
So let's say after
Like 12 or 13 holes,
and then just to make matters worse,
I tag in for you to finish off the round.
And then you dust him?
And I beat him.
So we just drag him up and down that goddamn course,
and then we take home a win for the Chicklets crew.
It's just like, dude, how much help do you need?
Fuck, I can't play the tips.
Like, need shots?
Jesus Christ.
Why are we even playing?
I think that it's smart on his part to disagree with anything that you want moving forward in this match
because it kind of pisses you off.
It might take you off your game a little bit.
If he just conceded everything and he didn't create any controversy,
I think that does not play into his favor.
He needs every fucking ounce of help he can
get he will argue on the golf course what color t's you're using i bet you at that point if he's
trying to get that that's a good sign mentally for an opponent if he's worried about what color
t's i'm using well i know i know i mean he's a mental midget you just explained that so um is
that all you wanted to say about the match yeah just, just... I'm excited. Yeah, be excited for
it.
I'll be rubbing your
back.
I'll be rubbing your
back with Can I
Brand CBD oil the
night before.
We'll have some
drinks going,
basically get a little
music, just a chill
way to play some
golf and get a win.
So thank you
everyone for dealing
with how long it's
taken and dealing
with this bozo.
Should be fun when I
smack him around.
And last thing before we take it off to the which... The Metro. The Metro. We are breaking down long it's taken in dealing with this bozo uh should be fun when i smack him around and last
thing before we take it off to uh the which which the metro the metro we are breaking down the metro
i talked about that ryan merkeley at the end of last episode so of course when i do that
um i have a bunch of people message me and i get to talk to people and do a little bit more research
so apparently that that long shift that he took with the Peterborough Peets and got into it with the coach a little bit was last year.
Right now he's actually at San Jose's camp, and he's having a great camp.
Basically what I've heard is he's had some very significant attitude issues in the past.
He's broken sticks.
He's gotten fuck-you matches with the coaches.
He's gotten into it with teammates.
and sticks he's gotten fuck you matches with the coaches he's gotten into it with teammates and i think that based on how the fact he's been talked about and how talented he is
he ended up dropping to the back of the first round on in the draft now i've also heard that
he's doing everything he can in his power in order to change his quote-unquote attitude issues
i i hope that he turns things around.
So I have no ill will towards this kid.
I mean, it would just be unfortunate for a guy who I've heard is this skilled
and who can have an impact at a National Hockey League level
would potentially maybe screw it up just because of his attitude.
So it's nice to hear that he is trying to turn things around
and i wish the kid luck and i just wanted to clear the air on that as i did mention last episode i
said that everything i was hearing was kind of rumors and i wasn't sure what true that maybe
this kid was getting sent down to junior b after getting drafted to the nhl that is not the case
so i'm glad i could clear things up and i wish him luck all right that's all cleared up and now
we're going to take a look at the Metropolitan Division.
Hey, guys, real quick, I want to talk to you for a second about Tommy John.
There's a lot of underwear brands out there that claim to be big on comfort,
but if that were true, then why is 75 of men and women dissatisfied with their bloomers?
My hunch is that they haven't tried Tommy John, the revolutionary underwear brand that's upgraded over 1 million lives.
Tommy John doesn't just claim to be the most comfortable underwear on the planet.
They actually have the stats to back it up.
Try this number out.
Over 7 million.
That's the number of pairs of Tommy John underwear they've sold with 96 of their customers rating them with four stars or greater.
And with Tommy John's revolutionary underwear, the legs never ride up and the waistbands never roll down.
And with Tommy John's revolutionary underwear, the legs never ride up and the waistbands never roll down.
Their horizontal quick-draw flyer has been proven to save men over 217 unfurling minutes a year.
That's a lot of time to do other things.
And Tommy John is more than just underwear. They got 750 products online such as super soft loungewear, polo shirts, and apparel.
Guys, here's something for the ladies in your life.
After two years and countless hours obsessing over every little detail,
Tommy John is proud to announce the most comfortable bras on the planet.
Yes.
If you prefer to shop in stores, you can find us in over 1,200 retail locations across the country,
including Nordstrom stores nationwide.
Tommy John, no adjustment needed.
Hurry to TommyJohn.com slash chicklets now to get 20 off your first order. That's TommyJohn.com slash chiclets now to get 20 off your first order that's tommyjohn.com
slash chiclets for 20 off tommyjohn.com slash chiclets all right boys we already knocked one
division down next up it's time to talk about the old patrick division aka the metropolitan
last year five out of eight teams made the playoffs and they finished within six points
of each other pretty tight division last year i know we talk eight teams made the playoffs and they finished within six points of each other.
Pretty tight division last year.
I know we talk about the century,
talk about the Atlantic slash Northeast,
whatever the fuck they call it.
But, you know, Metropolitan,
it still has that old Patrick Division flavor,
still those old rivalries.
Oh, yeah.
A lot of good battles there.
Last year, Washington did win the division with 104 points.
But then, first round, lost in double overtime,
Game 7, Carolina,
one of the all-time great first-round series. but the capitals like the predators they're a contender
they really don't need to fix too much couple things on the fly new faces richard panic garnett
hathaway radco gudas they said bye to brett conley andrej barakovsky maddie niskanen and now your
buddy brooks orpik retired with thug What a career. Absolutely, no doubt about it.
But like I said, they're still built to win at the same time.
Ovi's 34, Hopi and Backstrom, they're going to be UFAs potentially next year.
They're in line for huge raises if they want it.
So you wonder how much time this particular core is going to have any more kicks at the can.
What do you got there, Bez?
I wasn't surprised at the first round knockout last year,
simply at the fact you mentioned the age last year simply the fact that the fact
you mentioned the age thing they made that run the year before you're seeing a lot of hockey
that's the one question mark i would have for st louis going into this season is the fact that they
do have a pretty i would say old core but maybe for today's nhl um you know it definitely has
gotten younger but uh i i mean this is definitely a playoff team.
They still got their jam.
They have an unbelievable world-class goaltender who, I mean, he's what, probably top three in the NHL every year?
Yeah, at least top five.
Yeah.
And in the playoffs, he's usually money.
So I'd imagine that they come out swinging this year.
You know, they're probably a little embarrassed by that first-round knockout.
And, I mean, they still have those same lethal weapons up front um very interested to see how Tom Wilson does and see if
he can continue to build on a on such a weird career path I mean he started out as kind of just
like a fourth line meat and potatoes and every year he just seems to find a way to chip in more
and more offensively um I know some of you, you're not going to like that praise
because of maybe the reputation he has as being a quote-unquote headhunter.
But I'm telling you what, man, this guy in today's NHL has such an awesome package
because there's really not many guys who are going to challenge him
other than maybe Ryan Reeves and a few others,
and he's finding more and more ways to get the puck to the back of the net.
That's a great call about him because you just look last year if he played 82 games i mean he was basically on pace to get over 50 points um if you can add the amount of physical
play that he uh does add and yeah sometimes they've been bad hits but still he's intimidating
to play against that's the bottom line and then you get into the playoffs last year you had five
points in seven playoff games, three goals.
So the thing about this team is Frankie Borelli.
Everyone knows the Islanders.
Psycho.
A lunatic.
He comes in today and he's talking about division.
I don't think the Islanders are going to be as strong.
And he's getting all upset.
He's like, Washington's not going to be good.
Harden?
Excuse me?
They're pretty loaded to me.
I mean, I think Niskanen is a tough loss.
I think that Niskanen is a much better player than Radko Gudis.
Maybe there could be a situation where the underlying advanced stats numbers say otherwise.
But I don't know.
I test.
Matt Niskanen can move the puck.
He's a great skater.
Radko Gudis is a little more stay-at-home, not the fleetest of foot.
But they're top six guys.
I mean, you just look at when you have Kuznetsov.
You've got Ovechkin's good for, what are you going to say, 39 minimum?
Right?
Pencil him in for 42.
There's a decent enough sample size.
It's Brady.
You're not saying it stops until it actually  you can't say this is the year it stops.
Yeah, it's a good comparison.
Ovechkin gets 42.
Kuznetsov, when he's going, I mean, dominant.
He's got a couple games to start the year, right,
for hitting the slopes.
How many games did he get?
I think he got four of them, was it?
So expect the power play to start clicking again
when he gets back from his little pee-pee whack.
Yeah, exactly, on the ski slopes.
So Backstrom does his whole thing.
I mean, just nobody really talks about how incredible he is.
And a very quiet superstar.
We've said that on here before.
And then John Carlson is one of the top D-men out there.
And so they have this array of weapons at the top that means they're not going anywhere.
And last year, a great series by Carolina.
They'd been to the cup final.
It was still good to get.
That wasn't their goal, to lose in the first round.
But you look at the end of that year, like, fuck, we grinded and we didn't have it at the end.
Yeah, and sometimes in the playoffs, like, the first round is the fucking toughest round.
I mean, just because your team lost in the first round didn't mean you stunk.
It means you had a tough matchup, you had a bad draw, whatever.
And Washington was a perfect example last year.
Well, they're notorious for not being able to get over that hump,
and then the one year that they did finally get over Pittsburgh.
Yep. Then it seemed like the monkey was off the back at that point where they just gained that confidence and momentum
and and the rest is history and then if you're going to look at um guys sorry go ahead oh no i
was just going to say and then yet another year that the body of alexander ovechkin defies science
it's crossing sauces crossing sauces drinking pop on the bench,
just an absolute garbage disposal.
The Fountain of Youth is just like marinara
and Alfredo just falling down like a waterfall.
He bathes in it.
I think it was a magazine article,
something someone sent us.
It was like, what he liked for a sauce,
and he named the six sauces listed.
Which one do you want, though, sir he named like the six sauces listed.
Which one do you want, though, sir?
Mix them all. And I respect that about him.
He does not discriminate against sauces.
So the guy that I was going to mention in terms of not a full breakout year last year,
but definitely now on the radar in this year, I think you're going to see even more is Verana.
So he's got six skills.
He's very young.
I mean, the guy, he's 22 still and got 24
goals last year he's going to get more of a chance to play Burakovsky's gone I think that you're
going to see a great team here and they are my favorite to win the division I'm curious how much
that rubs off by having that high-end elite skill whereas when you get these younger guys
where maybe because it seems like Washington keeps finding these guys to bring skill.
Like, oh, where this guy come from?
I didn't really hear much about him.
And all of a sudden, like he panned that that young skilled guy who like maybe had a few things wrong with him.
So he was a late pick or something.
Well, the day he just morphs and materializes into yet again, another highend skill guy for the washington capital so how much of is
that by being in your surroundings where they're getting that confidence in order to talk to these
guys who have kept doing it where it just seems like the team who don't really have a high-end
skill guy don't really all of a sudden develop a high-end skill guy yeah i mean we're talking
about wilson do 36 goals last two years and like you know we talked to hall of fam and nick lydstrom
not a big deal i think somebody already mentioned that and years. And we talked to Hall of Famer Nick Lidstrom. Not a big deal.
I think somebody already mentioned that.
And we talked about Bob Probert
and how guys play bigger with a guy like that in your team.
There's not many guys like Tom Wilson.
I mean, he's the lone wolf.
So guys do play a little bigger.
There's a little different confidence
that other guys get from having him in the lineup, man.
It's a real fucking ripple effect.
Yeah, and I'll speak from experience.
I didn't provide much to the winning side of the game,
at least I thought anyway.
But I played with a guy, Brian O'Neill,
when we ended up winning the Calder Cup.
And he goes, man, we have you and Josh Gratton on the team.
Are us skilled guys?
We feel like we're invincible.
We laugh at guys when they try to intimidate us with anything
because we know that the minute they do that or even attempt
it, you guys are now barking
at them.
That made me feel good. It's like, you know what? If we're
making them feel a little bit looser and comfortable
out there, you're providing
an element that's kind of overlooked
if some people were to overlook it.
Next up, Frankie
Borelli's New York Islanders.
They're a playoff team.
I'm sorry.
Yep, duh.
We all said it's another thing.
But, yeah, Washington playoff team.
No duh.
Yeah, good call, though, Biz.
Next up, the Islanders.
A little bit of a surprise last year.
They put things together under Barry Trotz, Lula Amarello, 103 points.
They swept Pittsburgh in the first round.
Of course, they were swept by Carolina in the second.
New faces in town, Derek Brassard, Simeon Valamov, and Nett.
They said bye to Robin Lehner, Valtteri Filippo went elsewhere.
Like I said, they got much improved last year after losing Tavares,
which is kind of funny because, you know, he was such a big part of the team.
But Lou come in, Trotz come in, and there's really no reason not to expect
the same effort under Trotz.
People tend to play for that guy.
Barzal's a stud, a solid guy to have on the roster.
And I'll tell you, man, they're spending only 3.6 million combined on defensemen.
Ryan Pollock and Adam Pellock.
They might be like the most two underrated D on one team in the league.
You don't hear a lot about them.
Very impressive pair of fucking defensemen.
Whit, what's your take on the Isles?
I mean, I was a hater last year.
Partly, I just love going at Frankie.
But I don't know. It was such a surprise last year that it's, she just loved going at Frankie, but I don't know.
It was such a surprise last year that it's hard for me
to sit around and think that they're going to be able to repeat
it. The only thing I'll say that
really
makes me think that they could
is Trotz.
He never is on a team that's
bad. I mean, yeah, there's a couple years at Nashville
that they're competitive. I'll put it this way.
They don't get 103 points.
Was it 103?
103, yeah.
I don't think they're getting that again.
Are they a playoff team again?
It really all comes down to Varlamov, I think.
Leonard was incredible.
He had basically a perfect year, especially considering what was expected of him.
And they had some guys step up.
So it all comes down to goaltending.
But the reason of Trotz, the way Trotz is always able to have good teams that compete and play like smart hockey.
And by that I mean they don't really give you anything.
They don't give any other team any chances.
They make sure that they're responsible with the puck.
So you don't get two-on-ones and three-on-twos against them.
If they can score along with keeping that D that solid they could get back into the playoffs but i i don't
know if it'll be like last year was i don't and i'm not just saying this to be a hater i know
we've had a quite the run-in with islanders fans but i just don't see them carrying over that magic
into this season because at the end of the day you're gonna have to sustain the numbers they
had in net in order for them to
make playoffs again this year and that's going to be extremely difficult that was that was a
fascinating run as you mentioned with by a coach who teaches a lot of defensive structure and
everything worked out moving forward an issue that I saw is is Matt Barzell the year before
they had the run and gun offense I think they were the highest scoring team in the NHL,
and he got to do his thing.
And that's how Matt Barzell has to play, at least from what we've seen
in order to have success offensively, 85 points in that rookie year.
Then all of a sudden, Trotz comes in, and there's a bit of conflict there
because Barzell's like, I need to take some risks here because there's a
there's a pressure on me to put up offense where what trotch is asking to do hey your chances are
going to be get got on the power play and then when other teams make make and have breakdowns
which you're limiting a lot of your scoring chances because yeah are you preventing certain
chances against your team? Yeah.
But if that's the way that he's played hockey his whole life
and now all of a sudden this is probably going to be the center stone
of your organization, there's a conflict with the way he wants to play hockey
and his coach wants him to play hockey.
I mean, there's an issue there.
So I'm interested to see how that relationship moves forward
and who's able to maybe  I think both of them maybe need to come off their stubbornness.
So to me, a Matt Barzell fits perfectly in a system like a Tampa Bay Lightning
where it's like, yo, man, go out there and you do you.
And you're going to win and lose games by that hockey.
But moving away from him, I mean, I still think they have a solid team i think they're
and grace is there too i you know you save him but he can he i mean he was pretty it was close
to 50 50 with leonard i guess a little bit a little bit more of a lean towards leonard but
he's there in case i just see too many magical things that happened last year and for them to
make it and i don't think that that's all of a sudden just going to happen again this year
got another guy sezikis what do you have 20 tucks it's a roll guy getting 20 goals on your team like is this guy
going to be able to do that again yeah that that's a good you know I'm saying like Matt Martin had a
great year last year is he going to be able to do it again and I don't know analytically if he did
but I mean you heard his name he was physical he was in and out of the lineup and he was in there
he was getting timely goals and he was chipping it a little bit offensively.
So, I don't know.
I don't see them maintaining that magic.
I think they're going to have a good, solid team.
But is that a good thing?
That's a team that might need, they're like a lottery
pick away from being good.
Being real good. As far as the goaltending,
Grice, last year, he had 39 out of
the 82 starts. 9-2-7, 2-2-8.
Very good numbers. So, I think if nothing else, 2-2-8, very good numbers.
So I think if nothing else, him and Valamov will challenge each other.
I mean, neither one of them is really a true backup.
Valamov was always the starter.
So I think that's a good thing for Trotz.
If he has two guys going head-to-head, get the best out of him,
like he did last year.
I mean, is Leighton going to strike twice?
I don't know.
But I don't know.
I think Grice has really found a good spot in his career.
And also, too, the Islanders are finally getting a new bond
after about 15 years of hanging with locals and politicians.
They're still going to do a few more games in the Coliseum
so they can do a few more farewells to milk-fucking fans over at Borelli's
for some pink witnesses.
Now, saying that, a few names that we didn't mention and some positives.
They got that Brock Nelson kid in a pretty fair deal.
He's a pretty special player.
Josh Bailey, who's a fan favorite there as well
anders lee i mean there's no reason that him and eberly aren't gonna do what they've been doing
for a long time now i know that he had an off year offensively but once again under trots his his
offense had to sacrifice in order for the team to win and then he lit up the playoffs lit up the
playoffs so um another guy who...
Sweep, sweep the Islanders went.
That was wild.
But Eberle's just got a new contract, correct?
Yep, re-signed there.
Re-signed there, so he'll be ready to go.
And there's another guy that he's getting older.
People are waiting for...
Is he going to start deteriorating?
But, I mean, under the new HL, I think he's just too smart, and I think he's going to
be able to maintain what he's done and maybe even chip in a bit more offensively this year.
So I don't see them as a playoff team.
Okay, you're out.
I'm out.
I'm saying, well, people are just going to hate our guts.
I think they're going to drop off that much.
You know what?
It doesn't take much of a drop off considering it could be four or five points.
What are you saying?
Shit, man.
You know what?
I got a lot of faith in trots.
Like you said, when we talked to Yossi last night,
and he was talking about trots. And he didn't want to come out and say it, but a lot of those early trot teams you said we when we talked um uh no yosi last night and he was talking
about trots and i he didn't want to come out and say it but like a lot of those early trot teams
they weren't good teams but they were so competitive every night because he was able to get it out i
agree and this island his team is better than those predators teams i i got a lot of faith in
him and yeah man i thought i thought reese really stood in his head last year and you know valama
if i think he has some shit left in the tank that That's why I'm saying it's kind of a would it be blessing
in disguise or not a blessing in disguise
because they're the type
of team where they're not going to finish
in last place. They're going to be
battling for playoff position. It won't be an easy
game to play against. They'll score enough.
But if you don't know if they're going to score enough
and then all of a sudden you find yourself drafting 14th
overall where
you want to be like 500 and be an old man's lamb
or you want to suck it up for a few years and be shit
and then end up like the Toronto Maple Leafs,
not even being able to afford sign guys.
All right, next up, this guy, team you guys are familiar with,
Pittsburgh Penguins.
They finished the year with 100 points.
Ugly and swept in the first round by the Islanders.
We'll get to that in a sec.
New faces in town, Brandon Tanef, Alexander Galchenyuk,
who replaced Phil Kessel, who's gone,
Oli Mata with the Chicago.
The Pens, another team with cup aspirations, had an early exit,
but it wasn't a competitive one where you felt good about it like the Capitals.
It was like they got swept by the Islanders.
Are there cracks in this dynasty, Whitney, right now?
I mean, as long as Sid and Gino are there are competitors
I'm sorry contenders but
two years removed from repeating are there starting
to be cracks in this dynasty? I mean coming off
the year that happened last year you can
question will they be able to get back
to that level? I think that's
fair but I also just can't do
it as long as Crosby and Malkin
LeTang and Murray are
there and I think actually I've heard some people
question the goaltending. I mean, Murray
has battled to stay healthy. He's
been fabulous in the cup wins, but
overall, dominating
a really consistent play in the regular season
really hasn't been there. Some of it's injuries, but
some of it isn't.
Kessel being gone while losing
all those goals is really tough. Maybe
there's some sort of... That makes it sound like I'm saying he was an issue, which I'm not.
But it's a new feeling in the room, right?
I mean you can't deny
You're losing a superstar.
You're losing a superstar.
So you don't know how people will react.
But maybe Galchenyuk can get back to that 30  I mean maybe possible maybe possible 40 goal guy he looked like early in Montreal.
He'll be getting some ice time, Kesselgut, whether it's with Crosby or Malkin.
That'd be a guy that they, not he'd be a guy,
they need him to be a guy who has a big year.
Because if you're going to replace Kessel's point a game,
it's got to be, they're probably penciling Galchenyuk in for at least 60 points.
I would say that's a fair number.
That's when they're doing their numbers and how they're going to replace goals.
All these teams do it.
All right, let's pencil in what we think we're going to get from him
in terms of getting back to the same amount of goals.
At what cost?
At what cost?
It's just with Crosby and like Gino, I'm not writing them off yet.
I mean, they could go on a complete run.
And you certainly wonder, though, depth-wise, if they have enough
and if the goaltending will stand up.
So defensively, I think that they have great pieces when the tang's on.
He's one of the best in the league.
Dumoulin, I saw a quote the other day.
Coach Mike Sullivan was saying how he's not really known as an offensive guy,
but I really consider him to be an offensive piece of our team.
He moves the puck up so well.
So he definitely can play both sides of the puck.
They're certainly not going into the season looking like they have in years past,
two, three years ago.
But I still think they're a playoff team.
I think a big question mark is how Galchenyuk turns out in Pittsburgh.
I think he's going to get ample amount of opportunity.
Obviously, I watched him all last season with Phoenix, and I saw two players.
He dealt with some injuries early, got off to a slow start.
I think it took about 20 games for him to really get going.
It was actually when Montreal came to town
and the media was kind of playing up the fact that Coyotes had lost that trade
because Max Domi had such a hot start in Montreal,
which might have even affected Gail Chednock.
But once he played that game and he was a bulldog in that game,
and that's what I saw for pretty much the second half of the season.
Whereas he was competing for every puck, he was a little bulldog out there.
He started chipping it offensively.
He started helping the power play a little bit,
the little success that they did have, the Coyotes last year on the power play.
But if he can do what he did in the second half of the season last year
and bring that to Pittsburgh, I really like their chances
in order to regain that Kessel absence and maybe even build off last season
because obviously the way it ended was no good.
With that small core group of guys, I'm talking Letang, Malkin, and Crosby,
I'm confident that those three alone as a top core group can get it done.
It would help if they had a few more high-end guys tugging the rope,
as we just mentioned, Galchenyuk.
But to me, it's all going to depend on if Murray can get back to where he was
for those cup wins. And like you said, he's all going to depend on if Murray can get back to where he was for those cup wins.
And like you said, he's struggled a little bit since then.
And to me, it's when you lose that security blanket of having a guy like Fleury backing you up,
all of a sudden it's like there's no room for error here because there's no one to clean up the mess.
So it's like you're the guy.
You are our answer.
We picked you over a Hall of Fame goaltender.
It's a lot of fucking pressure.
Well, the other thing is, like, if you look at quietest 40 goal seasons in the history of the NHL,
taking out, like, the 70s and 80s when 40 was kind of like what 20 is now,
Jake Gensel, I'm serious.
Unreal.
I mean, nobody really talked about that.
Did you read my notes, Whit?
I did not.
I did not.
I guess you could consider him one of the core group now.
Yeah, absolutely.
I kind of didn't give him.
I think he makes like six a year.
That was rude of me.
I should have concluded.
No, that's all right.
But no, I'm actually looking up and down.
And he's proved it in playoffs.
Yeah, he's definitely proved it in playoffs.
But the whole team also i think needed a
little bit more grit uh a little bit more sandpaper and especially nowadays you need that with speed
so that tanf contract while a bunch of people were like what six years 21 million crazy he's
bent yeah i feel like they still could have got him for half price yeah it's it's it was it was
a wild contract great for him but i think he will add think he can skate. He gets in on the forecheck.
He's a prick to play against.
He's a guy that they kind of needed.
Like Kunitz played that way.
And so they definitely look to address some things.
The defense, it wasn't great last year, so that is a question.
So they'll need a lot.
But Matt is gone.
We'll see.
He'll look like a genius if that Tanev deal turns out nice.
And I think it'll give him a little bit of leeway
maybe on the Horn-Chris contract.
I'm always okay with guys who have provided
championships for your team getting a little
bit of an overpayment but
with today's NHL he doesn't have the
best boots. He's 31.
He plays a hard game.
He's starting to break down a little bit but
who knows? Maybe he's one of those guys that
just the older they get
and the more experience they get, they just find a way to continue
to add the same production they have in years past.
So definitely some question marks.
I can never not go with the Pittsburgh Penguins as a non-playoff team,
so I'm going to say they make it.
Talking about the goaltending, man, it's actually kind of reminiscent
of what happened with Marc-Andre for a couple years.
Remember, he won the Cup, and then he kind of disappeared.
He was down in the playoffs.
Tough Philadelphia Flyers series.
Yeah, and it's sort of reminiscent like that.
And as far as Gino and Galchenyuk, I just read,
they've actually had some pretty good chemistry so far in camp.
So I would look for those two guys to get together.
That's cool.
That'd be a cool little, you know, there's a Russian connection
and a guy that could help revamp Galchenyuk's career.
And the Pens also have the current longest playoff streak in the NHL at 13 years,
which, in case you were a little stat for you, stat guy wit.
So I'd be an idiot not to say they're a playoff team.
But, no, well, you know what?
I was there for the start of that, guys.
I think there are concerns on D.
I mean, top pair, Dumoulin, Letang.
I know we said a couple years ago they won.
It wasn't the best D, but that's not the same deal.
No, D wasn't good last year.
Like right now, the top two's good.
Well, I know.
I'm just sighing as to what you might potentially say.
That it could be a real weak spot for them.
If the D is that bad and Murray has a so-so year, then it might matter.
Are you saying that the Pittsburgh Penguins are not going to be a playoff team?
It's a quick drop-off, like I just said, for the Islanders.
And, you know, the way things are trending right now, man.
Let's hope Crosby misses.
60 games.
I mean, they were missing him.
They'll get him back.
Plus, if I don't troll the Penguins fans, I'm not doing it.
We might not get another interview now.
We're fucked.
We're fucked.
Thanks a lot, R.A.
No, Denzel is a great call, too, man.
Like, he's had a ton of wingers over the years.
But this guy, man, he's something special. He raises gamezel was a great call, too, man. Like, he's had a ton of wingers over the years, but this guy, man,
he's something special.
He raises his game, like you guys said, playoff time.
No, I think they're going to be just out this year.
I think it's going to be a little off here.
Wow.
R.A.'s been good with these weird predictions.
I got hard on him last year in playoffs, and he was buzzing.
There you are.
So that's pretty much wraps up the pens.
All right, next up, Carolina Hurricanes, 99 points.
They had a wild ride all the way to the conference finals that nobody saw coming.
New faces in town, a couple big ones.
Jake Godden, Ryan Dezingle, Anton Forsberg, Gustav Forsling, Eric Hallard.
Let me see.
Gone.
Calvin DeHaan, really the only big guy that went away, actually.
I'm sorry.
McElhinney left, too, the goaltender.
Their franchise made huge strides last year, and they kind of need to because they were kind of out in the wilderness for a bit, away actually and now it's i'm sorry the uh macklelaney left to the goaltender their franchise
made huge strides last year and they kind of need to because they were kind of out in the wilderness
for a bit hadn't really made any noise any traction so it was a big year for them they got a nice young
talented team a real charismatic coach feels like a team on the upswing they got to keep with this
momentum biz what do you think the hurricanes are going to do this year brother i mean i i think they
just have a lot of good things going for them and i like this
and and talk about a team that's not afraid to make moves in the off season no i mean you're
like what like a couple core pieces see you later a couple core pieces back and i mean rob
brindamore's message just seems to really resonate with this team. Although, going away from the hockey side of things,
I'm interested to see if they're going to be doing that Storm Squad thing this year.
Do they double?
No, they're not doing it.
They came out and said...
Oh, shit.
No, I'm pretty sure I read that it's done.
Yeah, they were all done with it.
And I think that's pretty good thing because then it becomes almost like a gimmick
at a certain point.
And the teams will get sick of it at some point, I'm sure, too.
What I like about this team is their best player is young and drives the bus and is able to produce offense.
And they got him locked in long-term.
Oh, he's so good.
He's filthy.
Have you seen the numbers the first three years, the jump-ups?
Yeah. I think it's gone 20 points a season. Right. Could he go another good. He's filthy. You've seen the numbers the first three years, the jump-ups? Yeah.
I think it's gone 20 points a season.
Right.
Could he go another 10, 15?
Probably.
I mean, you basically have a ranting on your hands where it's just like,
okay, he's got to be done growing now, right?
What, is he going to get 100 points this year?
So he's lethal.
That Tara Vining kid's fun to watch, too.
Chicago messed up with that one.
They messed up.
When we asked Dan Bowman if there was one he regretted,
did he come out and say one of them?
I don't think so.
I don't even know if we asked him that.
I mean, either that or Panarin.
Yeah.
Those are two tough ones.
But back to this team, I like a lot of things about them.
That Jacob Slavin is a stud.
Stud.
Stud on the back end.
He's the new Spurgeon that I always pump their tires.
I think he was close to leading scorer in playoff defensemen,
and they were out in the second round.
Yeah, he was a beast in those playoffs.
No, third round.
Third round, excuse me.
They got swept by the Bruins.
The team, I mean, you lose Justin Williams, okay?
And, by the way, they might not lose him all year.
No, he's coming to enter Sandman before playoffs.
Rip Mariano Rivera, just Game 7.
Mr. Game 7 comes in as a closer, Justin Williams.
So that's a little different without him in the locker room.
You could tell the respect that everyone had for him.
The captain had been there such a long time.
But the additions, man, like Jake Gardner, it was a late signing.
Everyone was like, what's this guy going to get?
And we talked about how he planned on getting more.
Well, he's going from a market where we said it was fishbowl city
and you're also the complete whipping boy there to the exact opposite.
Would you at all be surprised to see him light it up this year with total pressure?
And, yeah, new contract, you have pressure.
The pressure is off for him.
No, that's not pressure. He signed a team-friendly deal he's going to carolina and from what i've been reading
online is there like this is what our blue line needed yeah this guy is just snapping it around
and and i wouldn't be surprised if that kind of has maybe sped up the the falk situation and
getting him out of town where they're like, okay, we've found a replacement.
He's going to end up wanting to get paid.
Let's move him on and maybe even gain an asset in return.
So they just make a...
I feel like their team is just constantly on the move.
They're always looking for the next smart move for their team
where they don't remain overly loyal,
where it's all about where are we going next,
what's the best move to benefit us.
So the one
question mark i do have though is we're seeing a lot of these goaltending tandems pop up right i
would i would i would say that arizona has one because kemper had an unbelievable second half
of the season last year so now i would assume that they kind of go tandem style we've mentioned a few
other teams that may do that like the chicago blackhawks when we talk
the islanders what what do we have in net here i mean is marazic gonna is he gonna have the same
numbers as he did last year and is that how is that gonna work and i mean there's one goaltending
tan that's probably not gonna work and i mean that we talk about tandems but no one's really
one with them you know i mean? The guys are using them.
They're making do with them.
But like last year, Mrazek, first year, basically they started with
Malcolm McElhinney I just mentioned.
They handed the keys to him.
They gave him a two-year deal.
But if he does shit to the bed, you know, you got James Reimer as his backup.
You know, that's potential there.
You know what I mean?
That's a backup.
James Reimer is a backup.
Yeah.
That's potential.
You know what I mean?
That's a backup.
James Reimer is a backup.
Yeah.
Quickly, though, without the goaltending, though,
because there's even more additions that have gone quietly like throughout the summer.
Dezingle had a sick year.
He was bad in the playoffs,
and that hurt him for the contract situation, I think.
But, man, he could go there and get 25.
And not last year, the year before, Eric Holla in Vegas.
Oh, that's right.
He's there.
If he didn't have 30, it was close.
He had a huge season.
And last year, he had a horrible knee injury in Toronto.
I remember watching the game and missed, like, the whole year.
So, yeah, it's a first year back from an injury.
But if he comes back, that could end up being, like, one of the best signings in the league.
Wow, Eric Holla, kind of 20, 30 goal guy.
It's true.
And they got him for short money.
So Gardner and those two, this team's good.
They got better.
They got better over the summer.
I'm not sure about a couple teams we've talked about.
They, I think, have.
That's a great point.
And that Hall, I met him at the Beauty League in Minnesota this summer.
He was MVP of the league this summer.
But that trade had completely gone under the
radar and he said that uh he goes yeah i got the phone call on my wedding day really oh i might
have said he was assigning i'm sorry i meant trade if i did got traded yeah he got on his phone call
the morning of his wedding hey uh hey honey yeah i'm going to raleigh all right start packing
playoffs you got a minute out i would say because of the goaltending situation i'm just not confident All right. Start packing. Playoffs. You got them in or out?
Because of the goaltending situation,
I'm just not confident that they're going to be able to sustain anything there.
And, no, I don't see them as a playoff team.
But I do love where they're going.
I think that they have a very talented young team.
I think they're in.
I don't think they're going to make it, man. I think it's a lot of competition.
I mean, they were one of the wild cards last year.
They barely made it 2.10.
And, you know, McElhinney and Mrazek were a great tandem last year.
I don't know that they're going to get that same play from Reimer and Mrazek this year.
So I got them out.
So it comes down to goaltending for you two.
Yeah.
I like that.
We're on the same page.
So we're right.
That's an idiot.
But, hey, now saying that, Carolina, you have a very fun young team to watch.
Yeah.
It's no distant.
And they're headed in the right direction.
Absolutely.
But it's tough to fucking get in the playoffs, man.
You dogged them.
You guys picked them to be off.
Don't try to be buttering up to them now.
All right.
Next up, Columbus Blue Jackets.
98 points last year.
Wild card team who pulled off the biggest shocker in round one when they swept
the President's Trophy winning Tampa Bay
Lightning before losing in round two to the Bees.
Four games to two. New face in town.
Gustav Nyquist was the big
add. Four year, 22 million
deal. Gone. It's a long
big list. Matt Duchesne,
Sergei Bobrovsky, Artemi Panarin,
Ryan Dezingle.
That's a lot of guys to lose off your roster.
They do still have some nice pieces up front.
That's a lot to replace, though, which is Gustav Nyquist.
The D is top-notch up front.
Wierenski Jones is one of the best two-way guys in the game.
Unreal.
I love watching him play.
The biggest question mark right now is between the pipes with Columbus.
Biz, what do you think this round plays out for this squad?
Oh, I mean, you listed off all the guys they lost,
and all of a sudden the guys who weren't hiding behind all these guys
but were taking some of the focus off of them are gone.
Now Anderson's got to lead this offense.
He's got to be a 30-goal guy in order for them to have any type of success.
Dubois needs to continue to get better.
Dubois is getting first-line matchups now, which he's a stud,
and I think that he can handle it, and we're going to see what he's made of
because it doesn't get any easier for him.
And they have had a lot of offensive weapons that have moved on
to what we think are bigger and brighter things,
and this team is going to have some work to do.
They're going to have to start adding some more pieces.
I think they've got a few nice studs on the back end
and Seth Jones and Wierenski.
But, you know, now they don't got a goalie behind them
who might be able to bail them out even more.
So I think that they have some pieces to build off of,
but there's going to be some work involved here
to get back to playoff hockey.
Yeah, if you look around, they probably had the worst offseason.
And that's no insult to Nyquist bringing him in.
That's a good player.
I'm more talking about they lost their number one goalie,
who's one of the best goalies in the league.
They lost their leading scorer, who's one of the top forwards in the league, Panarin.
They lost Duchesne, a huge deadline acquisition.
It's just how do you replace that much
offense and a goaltender based on league standards that's two first line players you just lost so
yeah and and I mean Corposalo is he ready to be a starting goalie I the last I saw the numbers
I wouldn't have been able to tell you who their backup was. The last 81 games, he started 81 games over four seasons
with a 41-31-9 record and a 9.07 save percentage.
Definitely not terrible numbers, but I don't know,
can he continue that in a season and be the number one there?
I don't know.
The good thing is, if you're a Blue Jackets fan,
is that Pierre-Luc Dubois, he is a stud.
You have a high draft pick from a couple years ago that's looking like he's going to be a legit cornerstone player.
You have two defensemen that are top of their game making great money in Wierenski and Jones.
Yeah, those are some fair deals.
So that will keep them able to at least have those guys in the ice close to half the game,
and that makes their special teams good.
But just competing in this division, I do not see them making the playoffs,
and I think it's going to be a struggle.
And the reason why I say it's going to be a long time coming before they're good
is that's an organization, and no offense to people in Columbus,
but you have to either drastically overpay in free agency.
That's if you can even get them to Columbus.
So you have to develop your own talent and get them on.
The one good thing is Tortorella will be so into
everyone thinks you're going to be shit this year.
Yeah, yeah, for sure.
He'll feed off of that.
How many fucking people are we going to prove wrong type situation?
Yeah, rah-rah.
If a guy like that, if anyone could get a team going,
you've seen him do it a million times and is wenberg back there he had such an off year last year
they paid him pretty decent what was that deal he got if you could look that i can look it up
i don't know i just remember him being a healthy scratch a few times and i thought this kid was
29.4 milway yeah it's a five5 million player. Last year, you could tell
Tortorella wasn't happy.
It was just kind of a disaster.
Atkinson, Dubois, and Anderson
very good forwards.
It's just going to be really tough to replace
Panarin. He was just
dominant there. It's so funny to look
at his few years in Columbus because he
left Patrick Kane. I think
more people said he can't do it without Kane than said he'd be able to.
And he proved he can do it on his own.
I can't believe we didn't mention Atkinson earlier.
I believe he was an all-star last year.
41 talks.
Yeah, 41 talks.
He might have been more quiet than Gensel.
I didn't realize that he was good buddies with Hayes, Kevin Hayes.
I was at the NHL media tour, and I got to interview them together.
It was a blast, yeah.
Yeah, Columbus putting all their eggs in Corpus Sala's basket.
He's a guy who really showed great promise early the first few games,
but didn't look too great back on our board the last couple years.
His number two right now, per a cap friendly,
Elvis Merzlikens, per a cap friendly.
He's yet to play a professional game in North America.
But, hey, at least they have goalie cap.
It's only 2 million.
Either way, like what you said, these guys might have a real fucking chip on their shoulders now.
Like, fuck this.
No one believes in us.
And, you know, Torts, if anyone can get it out of him.
I just think it's way too much to overcome.
Again, the goaltending for what's there right now.
Ideally, these guys will surprise.
I don't have them in the playoffs.
I'll say this.
And then for what's there right now, ideally these guys will surprise.
I don't have them in the playoffs.
I'll say this.
If Torts makes playoffs with that team, give them the coach of the year.
Yeah, that's just a lot of fucking laws. Yeah, you went really out on the limb on that one.
All right, boys.
Now we get the last one.
I thought I went out on a decent branch.
Yeah, I mean, I think if Columbus after this offseason makes the playoffs,
Torrell is guaranteed coach of the year. You're saying that was like a ridiculous hot take that, I mean, I think if Columbus, after this offseason, makes the playoffs, Torrell is guaranteed coach of the year.
You're saying that was like a ridiculous hot take that, of course,
was it that bad?
No, I'm probably just giving you shit.
We've been together all day.
Long day.
Long day.
Long day, guys.
All right, a couple more, boys.
Well, I wasn't getting sensitive to it.
I was kind of like, damn, it was that fucking obnoxious?
Sorry, boss.
We got the DNQs now that did not qualify from the metro philadelphia flyers 82
points last year new faces in town our buddy kevin hayes signed a big ticket they brought in maddie
niskanen justin braun tyler pitlick as well although he's on the ir uh the only real loss
they had radko gudas went to washington and the niskanen deal you know yet another disappointing
year to our buddy jordy and the beautiful people of Philly. And for real, I had a blast at the Winter Classic last year.
Shout out to the Philly fans.
Stadium series.
I'm sorry.
Wait.
No, it was the Winter Classic, wasn't it?
Oh, that was Bruins.
Sorry, it was like fucking.
Oh, you're fine.
Seven fucking trips a month.
They're outdoor games.
They all kind of blend together.
Yeah, seriously.
But ever since Hexdahl has been gone,
goaltending has been Achilles.
Yeah, been there, Achilles heel.
But the future is now, I gotta say it,
kind of hot.
Everybody thinks he's ready.
I know he's only 21.
The kids look pretty good so far,
pretty unflappable.
I don't know if he's quite there yet.
What do you got on the flyers this year, brother?
They're kind of my team I'm picking
that's gonna do some damage.
I know Dallas is one of those teams.
I'm not going out on a limb with them at all, but Philly's going to do some damage. I know Dallas is one of those teams. I'm not going out on
a limb with them at all, but
Philly's set up to win now. I like this team.
And it's not just about
bringing Kevin Hayes in, who's
great for depth, gives them more offense.
Not just Giroux, not just Couturier
and Voracek. Well, Connecti's
re-signed. We've talked about the growth he's made
as a player, how hard he is
to play against. Perfect flyers player for the scumbag Philly fans.
He fits right in with that team.
So it's not just the offensive players,
and Van Riemsdijk I think still has a lot to give.
It was the D last year and some of these guys who made huge leaps
that you realize, all right, they're ready to make some noise.
So you think right away of Sanheim.
And last year that guy, a monster out there.
So he comes in, gets 35 points.
Definitely not something that was penciled in, I think, by the brass and the coaching staff when they looked at the roster.
He's 22 years old.
So it's like Nolan Patrick, he showed glimpse.
I mean, you're 13 goals last year, but what kind of step can he make?
If he can make a huge step and Hazy comes in and plays
pretty much the way he did all last year,
this team is really good.
Carter Hart being the main reason
that people won't question the
goaltending of Philadelphia like they always
have forever, him being
the rock that they need could really take
them over the top. I love them in the
playoffs. There's many other things we can talk
about with this team, but it's going to be a hard team to play against and especially at home
where i think the crowd will be just as fired up as they always are in philly screaming obscenities
at poor people and players i think it'll be good i think it's going to be a good team that nobody
really wants to play against and i have i do have making the playoffs this year um time is now for
sure proverov i forgot him the the the their core group of players
all getting a little bit older i mean let's be realistic i mean hazy's probably going to be very
good on the front part of this deal he plays a heavy game so does uh who's another guy who plays
a heavy game like van reeves like these guys you know their bodies will break down eventually right
so you get a nice three-, four-year window here.
Provorov, he had an off year last year.
Now he's got his contract.
That's out of the way.
He needs to elevate his game.
Wait, another name that you dropped there was that Nolan Patrick. If he can elevate and step it up a little bit,
that's a very well-rounded offense where, as we mentioned before,
it benefits a team when you've got a lot of different guys to look after.
I mean, go down the list.
Sharouk, Couturier, Voracek, Konechny, Van Riemsdyk.
We mentioned if Nolan Patrick can elevate his game.
That's a lot of guys to worry about out there.
Not to boot, they're fairly physical and big, and they play that mucky style of hockey.
And considering you're paying all these guys pretty good money,
in order to be
successful in today's nhl you need guys on entry-level contracts carrying their weight you
saw it when when the chicago blackhawks won their early cups when they were their first one anyway
in recent memory um when when taves and king were on their entry levels and if carter hart can be
the goalie that they've been fucking begging for forever,
and he can stand in there and play well in the playoffs,
I really like this team's chances.
I would put them in the top five going into the year as cup favorites.
Wow.
I would.
They're good.
And here's the thing.
Alain Vigneault, he has success, especially when he's somewhere right away.
The first few years.
And my boy, Michel Tarian, back in the league as an assistant coach with Mike Yo,
who was my head and assistant coach in Pittsburgh.
A lot of that.
They make him go outside for his butts.
I don't know if he's still smoking the butts,
but it'll be interesting to see a whole new coaching staff, a bunch of additions.
And we didn't mention Niskanen, who also
well, we did before when we were talking about the deal with Gutis,
but Justin Braun, I like his game.
That's another guy.
I mean, dude, that guy can move.
He's had some great games for San Jose.
People were bitching about what they gave up for him,
but at the times now when you need that piece, pay it.
Yeah, and those two guys, they show up the right side of the top four.
I mean, it's a totally new look D in that team, really. Yeah, and those two guys, they show up the right side of the top four. So, I mean, it's a totally new look team.
Yeah, absolutely. And honestly, I'm
sold on, I think I might be sold on Carter
Hart. I think these pots from place. Philly,
they had spells where they looked like a playoff team
last year, but their goaltender undid them.
I think Carter Hart's
going to be one of those guys, Biz, like you just said, who was
going to earn his entry-level deal. I got
Philly in the playoffs. Oh, 100.
I got them. I got them. If Carter playoffs. Oh, 100. I got them.
I got them.
If Carter Hart is the goalie that we think he's going to be for them,
I think that there's no doubt they're a playoff team.
I could see them making a run.
We're looking at a smarter, chips-all-in-the-middle move by Fletcher because he does like to spend because he sees that window is now.
Your core group is getting older, whereas it's kind of a Columbus move
where he's like, this is it.
We're doing it.
What sucks for Columbus is that it's over.
Now for Philly, you've got a three-year window
where you're going to be able to strike,
and they're in a similar situation of what maybe St. Louis was.
And as far as his backup, well, assuming he keeps the job,
Brian Elliott, you've got to think, he's a veteran, he's been around,
he's probably a good mentor type of guy to show
a young kid caught hot the ropes,
what to expect. I mean, he was a starter in a couple
different cities, he's been through some shit. Yeah, there's gonna be
a few storms that they're gonna have to help
weather. And it's probably good to have a guy
who's 13 years older to say, hey buddy,
I'll do it this way. But either way, you got
them in the playoffs, right? Yep, I do.
Next up, the New York Rangers finished last year with 78 points.
Tough, tough season for the Blue Shirts.
But a lot of new faces, a lot of big faces in town this year.
Timmy Panarin came over, a free agency.
Capo Caco in the draft.
Jacob Truba via trade.
Adam Fox, the highly touted prospect out of Harvard.
Looks like he's going to make the roster.
They said bye to our buddy Jimmy Veazey, who ended up in Buffalo.
Neil Pionk went to Winnipeg. Kevin
Shattenkirk went down south. Like I said,
Rangers had a real rough season last year,
but they made so many huge additions that
you've got to take notice this year.
Panarin, point-per-game guy. Trouba,
he's five years younger than Shattenkirk, hitting
his prime. Nice upgrade there.
Kako looks like the latest finish, won the kind.
Like I said Fox well
regarded prospect. I don't know man is this going to be one of those overnight sensation switchovers
we've seen before? What or what? I'm not ready to say that. There's so much change that it's going
to be wild the first few weeks of the season to see what the Rangers have. Panarin changes their
team immediately like the guys we know now after seeing the past few years, he's going to get 80 points.
If he stays healthy, he's that good.
That changes a lot, just being able to add that much skill.
The one thing that I wonder about this team is with all the changes,
how quick can it just come together?
And the good thing being Lundqvist, while maybe taking a little step back last year,
I mean, not a little step.
I think that it wasn't one of his best seasons.
But I also think that this year he could be great again.
Him being older, I don't think it affects him as much as other guys.
Maybe it's because he's a goaltender.
Maybe I'm foolish for saying that.
But I think he'll be fired up and ready to go with how much enthusiasm
and basically new faces there are in there.
Trouba needs to be the same Trouba he was last year.
So they're signing him and getting him on that team,
and it's all about we saw you as a 50-point guy.
Now you need to be a 50-point guy.
It's not like we didn't sign you to not do every year what we saw last year in Winnipeg.
Adam Fox was a good deal for them.
We'll see if he can step right in and play.
He played at Harvard last year, one of the top D-men in the country.
So that changes on the blue line.
Shattenkirk moved the puck well, but the things didn't go as fans had hoped
or as he had hoped.
He's also probably going to light up Tampa.
We'll get into that later on in the Atlantic Division preview.
But I don't think they're going to make playoffs. I do think that they'll be better than last year. The one player
I look at, very young, so is it right to be bringing up a 19-year-old? But that Leas Anderson,
they picked him seventh overall in 2017, and he really hasn't shown yet at 19 years old. But some
of these guys do it right away, and there was a lot of good players after him that were selected.
So basically when the Rangers get a pick that high,
and Capo Caco I think is going to be the real deal.
There's no questions there.
But a seventh overall pick two years before that,
they need him to be good.
That's how they're going to grow.
They're banking on him becoming an elite player.
That means they've got a lot of weapons coming up and very young.
Caco is sick. And that's why I'm on the fence on whether I want to say this team
might be another lottery team or they might get a wild card spot.
And it's going to depend on a lot of questions of guys
that really haven't proved it.
And one difficult thing for this group, though, is there's not
I mean, I'm not taking anything away from Zibena jad or crider but like who's who's the leaders who's going to show the all these young guys all
of a sudden the ropes because fuck there's a lot of them to worry about and there's also a lot a
lot to learn at being able to perform at the nhl level i mean these young skilled guys are going
to have to go through some hiccups you know are they going to have the the guys around in order to help
lift them up through these these things and show them the way i mean i used the example earlier
of washington being able to develop these skill guys and they always seem to find one every couple
years is this guy who comes out of nowhere and it's like holy shit he's just like he's part of
the core group now who's going to show these young guys up front the way i mean they got
leadership in the back i mean lungquist young mean, Lundqvist is a leader,
but a little more difficult when he's got to worry about a starting job.
He can't be the rah-rah guy in the locker room.
He's got to fucking dial things in.
So interesting to see how this team does.
I mean, how do you say his name?
Philip?
Heidel.
Heidel.
He scored some goals. You like whoa yeah but first rounder
right but i mean last year i mean he wasn't like i mean 11 goals and 12 assists like yeah i mean
there's a lot of hype around this guy i'm not really seeing a lot of production here so um i
think that they have they have a great future i think that that they're gonna they're gonna be a
good team in in three four years. I just don't know.
I don't know if they're going to be able to get the job done this year.
I'm going to say they're not going to be a playoff team,
even though Rangers fans did try to brainwash me in order to convince me.
But I'm going to say no, not yet.
But you guys are on great trajectory.
That's a big word for me too.
Hank's back up.
Perfect.
Alexander, who had GF, George GF.
He had 30 starts last year backing up.
He actually had better numbers. So I do wonder if Quinn may try to even that out
because Hank is 37.
He might give him a few more starts because if they do make the playoffs,
he'd probably have them a little fresher.
But 20 points out of the playoffs last year,
I think that's just too much to make up this year.
That's a lot of talent, but talent also has to mesh together well,
and the Rangers have a history of throwing talent at the wall
and having it not stick.
I don't see them getting back in the playoffs this year.
Whit?
Yeah, I agree with both of you guys.
It's going to beit's not quite yet.
But David Quinn, I think he's excited to get some pieces moving forward where I think it turns into a year or two now and we can see where we're going to be.
Absolutely.
The sky's definitely a lot bluer for Rangers fans, no pun intended, than it was certainly last year with those additions, but I just don't see it.
Before we go any further, I just want to talk to you for a minute or two about Quip.
What actually makes a better toothbrush?
Industrial strength power?
Claims of miraculous, trendy ingredients?
Multiple modes?
If you ask your dentist, they'll tell you it's less about the brush
and more about how you use it.
That's why Quip was created by dentists and product designers to focus on what actually matters for your oral
health healthy habits quips sensitive vibrations with the built-in timer guide gentle brushing for
the dentist recommended two minutes with 30 second pulses ensuring an even clean quip automatically
delivers brush heads to you every three months for clean new bristles right on schedule. The sleek intuitive design is simple to use and comes with a travel cap that
doubles as a mere amount. These thoughtful features make brushing some you actually want to do twice a
day and good habits matter to live a healthier life. So help from a fresh oral help so help form
fresh oral health habits with Quip. Qu starts at just 25 and you'll get your
first refill free at getquip.com slash chicklets there is a simple way to support our show and
start brushing better but you have to go to getquip.com slash chicklets to get your first
refill free go right now to getquip.com slash chicklets. And the last team in the Metro last year, New Jersey, the Devils,
ended up with 72 points.
But like their crosstown rivals, they made some big changes over the summer,
particularly on the additions.
They got Phil Hughes in the draft, P.K. Subban via trade,
Wayne Simmons via free agency, and a big wild card, I'd call him,
Nikita Gusev.
They did lose Drew Stafford, Steve Santini, and Keith Kincaid.
Hughes is the big prize here.
He's being touted as a can't-miss prospect.
The 27-year-old Gusev, like I said, he's the wild card.
He had a monster year in the KHL.
This is his first year in North America.
He has some pretty big expectations.
Subban brought in Tagusta D.
What, Doug?
What do you got on the Devils, my man?
Man, it's an exciting time to be a Devils fan.
And let alone having the first overall pick and getting this kid who could be, you know,
what people say looks like it could be a future Patrick Kane, right?
That's what you've heard when this kid's name has been mentioned.
Well, not only that, you've got Taylor Hall coming back, feeling healthy.
After a time in which I ran, I had dinner with him, and he was rattled.
His knee was hurting him, and it's frustrating as all fucking hell
when you don't know what's wrong with an injury.
And for a little bit, he was confused.
They finally figured everything out.
He feels great.
And now talking to a guy in the Devils, not Halsey,
Hughes has looked dominant at times where he's controlling the puck like a lot of the game.
I mean, he looks like he'll be able to step right in, be a really good player.
He has not had to deal with the matchups and playing against full-time NHL players in the exhibition games
the way it isn't in the regular season.
But he still looks like a talent that's going to make an impact his first year.
And Halsey coming back, flying, the way he skates.
This is the MVP.
They lost the fucking league MVP last year for most of the season.
Subban is the one that I think everyone thinks of when you're looking at their offseason besides the draft because just to get that top defender changes everything.
They haven't had that true number one guy since, like, Scott Stevens.
Yeah.
And so Rafalski had some incredible years there as well,
but now they have a guy who can play 25 minutes,
and people do question the occasional turnover here and there,
but he's going to change the power play.
He's going to change the way that they're able to match up guys on defense.
And he's going to be able to get some of these forwards who have so much speed and skill.
Hughes, Hall, a couple other ones.
Palmieri, the way he shoots it, he's going to be able to get him the puck.
So I'm really, really rooting for Corey Schneider because I know him personally.
And he is as top-notch, class-active a human
as you could ever imagine.
Teammates love him.
I'm talking like a great person to the core, so I'm rooting for him.
And last year, it's a low point, right?
I mean, we talked about it a couple times.
It sucks that you have to talk about what you do.
Any starting goaltender who's gone that long without a win,
we're going to be talking about it.
Yeah.
But it was coming off a major hip surgery,
and now what do you say after these major surgeries?
The first year, you usually don't see the player.
It's the second year.
So I'm not counting him out yet.
I think there are probably some idiot fans who say he's done, he can't win.
I'm not saying that yet because now he's two years removed.
He works his dick off.
He's a guy that people dick off he's a guy that
people love he's a guy people that his own teammates are rooting for so it all kind of comes
down to the goaltending though and and if if he is able to play good this could be a great team
if it is a struggle it could be you know another another instance where the you know if you can't
keep the puck out of your net what do you do mckenzie blackwood's there that's going to be
a guy who can step in if there are struggles from Schneider.
Or maybe he'll even get a chance from the get-go.
So it's an exciting time to be a Devils fan while also having some question marks
based on needing consistent goaltending to be good in this league.
Yeah.
I guess I'll start off at goaltending.
I could see with the work ethic that Corey Schneider has and the struggles,
a lot of people are rooting for them, and I feel that he probably can sense that.
I could see him potentially being Comeback Player of the Year.
And I hope it gets to that because I don't know if Mackenzie Blackwood
could handle a full load.
I think that they would be a great tandem together.
I think some of the things
You can handle a full load.
Sorry, we're at the end of a long recording day.
Yeah, it's been a long day.
But, I mean, I think that maybe they could be this year's Carolina.
So hopefully they can get back there.
As far as the back end is concerned,
I thought when they traded that Vatanen over,
well, the Ducks did anyway, over for Adam Henrik,
I thought the Devils had won that trade.
Vatanen hasn't really stepped it up and performed the way that they'd hoped.
Well, then Henrique flipped the puck over him
and then scored that legendary goal that didn't help the first game.
I wasn't even factoring that.
I'm just saying I thought this guy was going to be a 35, 40-point defenseman
who was going to be able to chip in offensively
because I don't think he's that good defensively in order to just do what he's doing now so they i mean hey he's going
to kind of take a back seat to pk suban who came in so i do believe that the defense is going to
improve because i do believe that and it's going to have a better year than last so right there
they've improved the back end if the question marks marks are how much can Hugh step up offensively,
and now that they have Taylor Hall back,
they're going to have a guy who's not the team leader in points with 50
because they're just going to have to provide more offense.
You can't win in today's NHL if you don't.
So if that Gustav, is that how you say his last name?
Nikita Gustav.
Like I said, he could be a stud.
That's what I'm saying.
Total wild.
If all of a sudden you get a 60 to 70 point guy out of him
and you get near the same with this Hughes kid who, by the way,
Conor McDavid was skating with him apparently,
and I might have already said this on the podcast,
but he looked to another player on the ice,
and this is how we ended up getting the story.
I think Pasha got it when we were hanging out.
He said that this kid is going to be special.
And for a guy of Connor McDavid's caliber to look over and look someone in the eye and
say that, I mean, a guy who's going to be that special is probably going to step in
and figure things out quick and make an immediate impact.
So right there, you got your first line.
You got a first line back that you didn't have last year.
And I think as far as the depth that they have up front,
they're going to be able to have a very well-balanced offense
and have a good season.
So I think that they are a playoff team.
And if anything, I mean, they kind of stuck their neck out there
as one of the top teams in the East over the course of the summer.
Yeah, for me, I can't say I don't think they're going to make the playoffs,
and it's only because of the question marks.
I wouldn't be surprised at all if they do, right,
if these things that I mentioned earlier in the goaltending
end up coming to fruition.
Yeah, I won't be like, holy shit, I can't believe it.
But right now, I just can't say it.
And it's also about the other division we haven't even gone into, the Atlantic.
I've already picked four in this division that I think are going to make it.
At least four are making it over there, if not five.
So for me, they're not a definite for me for getting in.
But I still think it's going to be a huge improvement.
And there's a bunch of guys there that our bias has always been open and clear on this podcast that I'm rooting for.
I'm really good friends with Halsey and Schneid.
And so I hope they do well.
I'm just not convinced.
The amount of height that's around them, I'd say they're the Cleveland Browns of the NHL this year.
Oh, that's not really a label you want to hang.
Well, Devils fans are like, no!
I'm joking.
Well, I would say as far as like they've added a couple.
They've got Taylor Hall.
They were the team in the offseason.
I know what you're saying.
They were the team making the moves in the offseason where everyone was like,
wow, what is this?
This could be something special, but it also could be slapping lipstick on a pig.
Sorry, one other guy that hasn't been brought up, or if he did, I apologize.
I was reading through this.
Wayne Simmons, man.
Yep.
Wayne train.
All the years, the hard hockey he's played, you've seen a little bit of a dip.
But a new situation, a new spot.
We didn't even mention him.
Yeah.
What can he do?
Can he get back to the 30-year score?
And he's got a chip on his shoulder.
One-year deal.
And they didn't really...
I mean, you look through their roster, right?
Who last year would be a forward that would beat the fuck out of someone on the Devils?
I saw Miles Wood fight a little bit.
He could chuck him, but he adds an element that the Devils didn't really have.
He's got it in preseason already.
Have you seen that clip?
No, I haven't.
He already chucked him there.
All the Devils fans just stroking themselves off the Can I Brand CBD cream all over their horns.
He looked at the guy and he goes, I'm going to fucking kill you.
I missed this. and had the crazy
eyes and we're pre-season and all the remember no i don't remember it was recent i'm sure someone's
gonna send you the clip tomorrow or whenever this comes out because our fans are so loyal
um but all underneath instant fan favorite people love them already the blogs are blowing up about
them and as i mentioned they're fucking stroking themselves off to the fact that they have a very good net front guy at 5 million.
Remember, if they make a little bit of a run in the regular season here, they got some cap space to spend.
They can go out and make some moves before the deadline.
They got money to do it.
One other piece on Halsey we didn't mention.
He's a potential UFA after this year.
I mean, there's talk about long term.
Some talk that there's been a little chatter as of today.
I saw a little TSN, some of the McKenzie and Drager
doing a little bit of early season insider information.
And I saw one of the things at the top of the list
was talks on a hall extension.
So you know that they want to lock him up.
If he's already played enough with Hughes to be like,
man, I'm going to have this guy feed me one-timers till i'm blue in the face because he's i mean he's got
right just started his career i mean if but if i also if i was hall i mean not not having a rush
here would you not wait maybe you know i would rather i know test drive the car before you buy
it you know like don't sign it right away like see how good these kids are and say fuck man
he wants to win a Stanley Cup.
Why would I jump in yet?
Let me see what goes on here.
If I believe that we have what it takes here
and I see Hughes and he is generational,
all right, then we'll figure something out.
And worst case, though, this team is heading
in the right direction.
They have that Nico Heischer,
who's a guy we haven't mentioned either.
He could probably step it up a little bit offensively,
especially now having another guy to take a little bit of the focus away from the first overall pick and hey i need more
hey if it doesn't go well at the start of the season and they're not seeing playoffs and maybe
hall's not willing to stay because he wants to get traded off at the deadline to go to a contender
you're still in great shape you're going to gain a probably a very good asset and the future is
bright also pavel zakhar is not in fucking Brampton.
He's not in fucking Russia.
He's in fucking New Jersey.
He's another guy who needs to fucking step up.
Again, for me, the big question in that,
Corey Schneider, we mentioned, had a rough goal last year.
He is starting off healthy.
Kincaid went off to Montreal.
Interesting, Mackenzie Blackwood, he's the number two.
He had some very nice numbers for a backup on a last-place squad last year.
He was pretty impressive.
So, you know, Schneider-Falters, obviously we're pulling for him.
But if not, it's going to be interesting to see what Blackwood does.
However, 26 points out of the playoffs last year,
that's a huge difference to make up in one year despite what they added.
I don't have the Devils back.
I do have them on the rise, just not back in the playoffs yet.
I mean, do you guys see my comeback player of the year thing
a little bit aggressive as a hot take?
Because, I mean, I was right with the fact that I thought
there was going to be a shorthanded goal in the Stanley Cup Finals.
I believe that was my last prop bet.
You're only saying Brandon Carlos lost,
would have killed the Bruins a couple years ago.
You were spot on that.
You've got some really good incisive shit, Biz,
that you bring to the table.
Thanks for that tire pump.
It feels nice to end the day off like that.
Absolutely.
It's been a long one.
It's been a long one, and that wraps up the Metropolitan Division.
And then we're coming back, I believe, with the Atlantic next.
So we'll catch you then, boys and girls.
Corey Schneider, Comeback Player of the Year.
You heard it here first.
I just actually want a personal note.
I got to use a correction.
When we did the central preview,
I stated that Minnesota hadn't won a first-round series since 2003.
I was wrong.
I'm going to throw the NHL.com under the bus.
When I research 31 teams, I use many sites.
I try to cross-reference stuff.
And their preview did say that they hadn't won a playoff series since 2003.
I trusted the NHL.com because that's their team.
I didn't double-check it, so that's on me.
They did apparently win two first-round series, but it's the Wild, so that's probably why I didn't double check it so that's on me they did apparently win two first round series but it's the wild so that's probably why i didn't remember uh and boys one quick thing did you see
patty maroon flash the ring in the preseason game to the predators after that fight that's a savage
move for a preseason game i'm busy i yeah i don't what could you be saying to a guy in preseason that
just won a stanley cup i mean like i don't know. Was he running around? I know that he fought.
Well, I think maybe because it was the Predators,
former division rivals, who didn't win a Cup.
So it was like, eh, that type of thing.
All right, thank you for putting that together with me.
Absolutely.
So Maroon's got that flex.
He might not have the bank account,
but he's got the fucking ring flex now.
He sure does.
All right, boys.
It's been a long one.
I think we should wrap it up now.
Everybody, enjoy the previews.
We're going to be back again Monday for our next next show after this one thanks for listening thanks for the support
we love you peace and we just want to say a big thanks once again to all our awesome sponsors
and listeners and if you do want to visit them if you go to can i brands the promo code there is
biz 20 or you go to kettlebellkitchen.com the code there is chiclets you can go to KettlebellKitchen.com. The code there is CHICKLETS. You can also visit TommyJohn.com slash CHICKLETS or GetQuipped.com slash CHICKLETS.
Once again, thanks for supporting us, supporting the squad, and supporting our sponsors.
Take care, all.
That boy good.
Welcome to the Bright life, babe.
