Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 206 of Spittin' Chickens,
presented by Pink Whitney, the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka.
They also sponsor the National Hockey League,
and the league just started last night, Wednesday,
opening night, a couple games on tap.
It's officially a season, as I have already lost my first bet of the year.
A little pop action.
I bet the Super over, over 9.5, plus 500, Toronto, Ottawa.
No dice, but the throw was worth it.
Let's say hi to the boys first.
Producer Mikey G, the season is here.
What's up, boys?
Yeah, I'm ready to lose some money this year, so I'm excited.
Hey, fuck off. Stop gambling. save your fucking money uh grinnell let the degenerate ra worry about that
stuff it got me hooked all right our other brother paul biz nasty bisonette you must be pretty
excited the season's finally here after a long layoff all summer boys it is i mean there's a few subjects already and that's
what i love about hockey season it's it's it's the job rights itself we don't gotta fucking
muster up any stories or or go back to the vault or you don't you don't even have to hear my kill
stories i know half of you hate them so fucking right it's hockey's back and of course it's back
because fucking austin matthews gets 20 fucking goals on opening night again.
Seriously, nine opening night goals so far, four seasons for Matthews.
But let's say hi to our third member of the hosting community,
Ryan Whitney, the Whit Dog.
What's going on, buddy?
What up, what up, boys?
What a night.
Very special evening.
Matthews, to no surprise, just domination.
That was a fun game to watch.
RA, you came somewhat close.
I saw that ticket needed 10 goals, 7 with 10 minutes to go.
There were 7 scored, so you gave yourself a chance.
I mean, that's kind of where you'd love to be at
if you're trying to hit a monster over like that.
I'm on over of San Jose-Vegas, which starts any minute now.
What's that one?
6.5.
See, that's a good bet.
You're telling me you bet there to be...
Yeah, but he had crazy odds, dude.
Oh, what was the odds?
Yeah, see, the regular odds was six and a half,
which you could bet, you know, like you would bet
the normal over-under on a football game, but I
bet a prop bet over
nine and a half, but it was
a plus 500, so for every hundred you put
up, you get 500 back. Oh, okay, so that wasn't the actual line. Right, right you get but it was a plus 500 so for every hundred you put up you get 500 back
oh okay so that wasn't the actual line right right yeah it was a like a prop bed uh well they got all
kinds of goof exotics all kinds of goofy names for them so had i won i had uh what they have on
a nickel so i would have wow that's such an aggressive that's such an aggressive bet out
of the gate yeah you know well it's it would be a great way to start the year.
Nice 2,500 pop, then, you know, you go fucking.
You are a fucking degenerate, man.
He's into it for fuck's sake.
He's trying to build a little bankroll.
Oh, my God.
You are crazy, man.
You're fucking crazy.
I like people.
You're crazy.
Thanks, brother.
But like the Whit Dog said, you know, you're kind of like in the cat-bearer seat.
It's like, all right, right man there's 10 minutes left all i need is three goals from these two
teams who score a shitload the goals off each other it didn't happen tonight but i don't regret
the better all it was are we gonna just jump you gotta regret it a little are we gonna jump right
into that game are we gonna save that for later yeah i mean fuck it we're already next i was
gonna say so obviously one of the storylines too is, is Scott Sabourin playing in his first NHL game.
The fucking guy ends up potting one.
Unreal.
He went from Matthews chirping him and clowning him.
Hey, talk about fucking the jam in the stones on Matthews, though,
after fucking Sabourin scores.
You've got to be feeling like, oh, God, you know what the storyline is going to be
if I don't fucking get one and he ends up fucking scoring one and they win. What does he do? Oh. God. You know what the storyline is going to be? If I don't fucking get one and he ends up fucking scoring one and they win,
what does he do?
Sniper.
It's right from the fucking  Jason fucking Bourne from the Rafters.
Dot right in the middle of the forehead.
That fucking guy can shoot a puck.
I mean, now saying that, what a pass by Mitch Marner.
I've been saying it all summer.
They should have gave him 13.
I mean, they should have gave him 13.
That's exactly what that pass told me.
And then a beautiful  it was a saucer pass by Nylander, right?
It looked like a little
Yeah, a little baby sauce.
A little baby sauce.
What do you think of him in 88?
You like that look?
I like it. I you think of him in 88? You like that? I like it.
I just think of Lindros.
He looks so little with it, but his hands are so dirty.
By the way, Matthew's doing the old look at the name on the back of
Sabourn in the preseason.
He's still, at the end of the game, he was one of their goal scorers.
I don't know who scored for them.
I had two.
It still makes sense. He was like, who are you, buddy of their goal scorers. I don't know who scored for them. I had two. He's still  it still makes sense.
He was like, who are you, buddy?
Have you seen me on opening night?
Thanks for coming.
Hey, so that  how do I say it?
Borowitzki?
Yeah, Borowitzki.
Yeah, so he got interviewed about it, and he was like,
oh, I think you need to show more.
And he was like a little butthurt by it.
And I'm like, man, like I love Savvy.
He was my teammate.
And I was joking
around online when i when i told uh matthews to show the respect to the depth players man like
savvy was running around trying to injure guys in preseason trying to earn himself a job like he
wasn't exactly being a saint so i mean he wasn't really respecting the code he was just trying to
make a fucking lineup because he was running guys like uh riley and and
and some other skill guys so so fucking matthews clowned him big fucking deal you give a little
you take a little like come on here can't be butthurt about that i got the quote right here
biz i thought it was a little bit disrespectful to be honest we're not all blessed with austin
matthews talent unfortunately but i truly wish i was some of us have to do it the hard way
i'm not sure austin appreciates what it's like being a fighter down there.
It's a role he never had to play, Borovitsky said.
It's really tough when you know you're going to fight double digits every year
and ride the bus around and get paid 70,000.
But either way, I thought it was pretty cool.
Sabrin, 300 AHL games plus some East Coast action.
His first game in the NHL, 27 years old, he gets a tuck, man.
I mean, everybody's got to appreciate that.
I am so happy for him.
And listen, I texted him after the game, and he was laughing about it too.
Like, what's more disrespectful, trying to take a guy's head off
or chirping him?
I would say trying to take his fucking head off.
So to be butthurt about that is just kind of ridiculous.
And, I mean, Sabrin didn't care.
He made a name for himself.
He ends up making the lineup.
I don't know if I said this last episode that the coach in Ottawa was his coach
when they won the Memorial Cup when he was in Oshawa.
So I might be repeating myself, but, hey, the weed works.
Also, other big news in Toronto, Jonathan Tavares named the captain.
You know, I don't know.
People, I'm sure, they're going to speculate like crazy whether it was his
all along, whether events in the last week or so changed things.
But either way, he's the captain moving forward.
Biz, do you think that was the plan all along or what?
I genuinely believe them.
Listen, I'm not going to argue all day.
If you say it the other way, I'll say, okay, sure, fair enough.
And I would say what
do you think it's probably a 50 50 split of whether people believe them um but listen i think
the right person got it that's not taking anything away from matthews i think that
matthews hasn't juggled both right like he's into his new contract he has to have a pop-off type
season and earn every cent
that he's now getting paid whereas taveras has already done it he's a very vanilla guy and that's
not an insult at all you know exactly what you're getting day in day out he eats breathes and sleeps
hockey that's it he's able to focus on both he's not overreactive he kind of just you know he seems like a calm cool
collective guy and he can juggle the two because he's done it already so I think the right guy got
it and I think that it's a little bit of pressure off of Matthews and he could just focus on his
fucking game now I think either one was it was a win-win I mean it makes total sense for both of
them you want your your young one of the best players in the game,
your young stud Matthews to take over and Tavares be the assistant
or have what they ended up deciding with Tavares being the captain.
I believe him too.
I think that it was Tavares the whole time.
I mean, if you were going to strip a guy from being captain
that you planned on just naming a couple days later
and then that was the report that caused you not to,
I wouldn't agree with that.
I don't understand how that would have made them change their minds.
So I think that this was the plan.
And, Biz, you said it well.
He's done it before.
So let's have somebody that was a captain with the Islanders
and knows what it's all about be our guy.
And who knows, maybe in six years it's Austin Matthews.
And, I mean, people are probably like, oh, my God,
we're already hearing about the Leafs,
and they're getting the whole front of the show.
But the drama writes itself.
I mean, not only has all that happened,
now we've got to talk about the Jason Spezza getting healthy scratched
in his first game back home as a Maple Leaf against his former team,
and Babcock gives him the scratch.
Now, I guess I'll open it up to you first, R.A.
Yeah, I know there was some, well, I guess it's Leaf, so it's controversy,
but I know Anthony Stewart had talked about it earlier in camp
where it looked like Babcock was kind of like making an example out of him.
I don't, like, he wasn't late or anything.
I think he's just old and probably couldn't keep up in practice,
and Babcock kind of made it a point to like, you know,
call him out in the press.
And I remember Stuart was saying like, come on, man,
this guy's been around,
like he could have signed to three or four of the places and, and he's,
you know, he came to Toronto to try to win here.
And you're kind of like berating the guy who's given an honest effort.
So I don't know.
I mean, is that Babcock just being Babcock probably,
but at the same time, Spets is, what, 36?
He's clearly lost a step.
He's probably going to be looking at that, you know, bottom six,
probably bottom three, basically, scratch here and there.
So I suppose it was inevitable, Biz.
He was going to get scratched.
I guess it's just the fact it was the first game,
maybe catching people off guard.
Okay, before I throw it over to you, Witt,
so I had maybe a different theory coming in but after
hearing that you said he's been kind of berating them all camp I thought for a crazy reason that
Babcock was essentially going to take the heat for doing that but he was doing it to maybe take
the focus off the other things that are going on aka Matthew situation. I thought he was trying to create a distraction to take everybody's focus off of that
because that's a lot to handle for a young guy
who's coming into now his big boy contract
where the fucking pressure's on.
And sure enough, all the attention shifts to something else.
Matthews is able to step into game one and fucking tuck two.
Now, some people might be...
Like, I know Jeff O'Neill with TSN, awesome,
one of the best of the biz.
He was fucking irate.
I'm sure most of you have read Mike Commodore's thoughts on things.
I mean, I don't know if you have that tweet teed up RA,
but I'm trying to play devil's advocate,
not necessarily give Babcock benefit of the doubt.
I'd imagine that all those guys who are irate, they ain't fucking even considering Babcock benefit of the doubt I'd imagine that all those
guys who are irate they ain't fucking even considering giving him benefit of doubt I have
that Commodore tweet if you want it if you want to read it before wit tees off he said folks Spezza
is a very well respected longtime NHL veteran he signs with his hometown team has a good camp
playing in lease opener against his former
team is a big deal for him.
Babcock scratches Spezza,
textbook scumbag move from the biggest
fraud in the game.
I mean, I think we knew what
he was going to think about it. I mean,
maybe that was Babcock even going, hmm, I wonder
what Commodore will say if I do this
and fucking do it. But what do you
think, Whit? What's your thoughts on all of this?
Babcock doesn't give a shit.
He doesn't give a fuck.
He's going to do whatever he wants to do.
And I think that him scratching Spezza the first game of the year
pretty much is him saying,
I don't see you playing of an important role for us this season.
You think he's going to get Commodore'd? I. You think he's going to get Commodore'd?
I'm not saying he's going to get Commodore'd,
but if you get scratched in the first game of the year,
like the coach at that point, I mean,
you're putting out your wagon that first game of the year, dude.
This is, hold on.
This is the best team that,
this is the team that gives us the best chance to win in Babcock's eyes.
So he's like, well, yeah.
He said to the media, yeah, I want him to get a few more reps on the PK in practice.
Well, now, Witt, saying that, their first two goals tonight scored by the bottom six.
So Babcock's job is to win.
Oh, I'm not saying  I didn't even say it was the wrong decision.
I'm just saying that
Disrespectful.
He's sitting there saying like, oh, fuck Spez.
I don't think he's really going to matter this year.
How else should you take it?
I mean, maybe Babcock's like, damn it.
This guy's not fast enough or able to move enough.
Okay, so that's  you're not going to play a big role for us this year.
Right.
You're slow.
You're going to get in a couple games here and there.
And I'm just saying that.
That might be what he's thinking.
I'm not saying that Spezza's slow.
You've got to think that Babcock just doesn't see him.
And I agree with you.
Just the same coach who had a player look at the ice and say,
take it all in because you're never going to see it again.
So him scratching Spets are probably not that big of a deal to him considering
how much yeah i mean with my i mean mine and yours mentality would probably be like listen
this guy's well respected he came in i'm going to try to build him up as much as possible for
him to have the confidence in order to sustain that role where Babcock is mindset is kind of like, I'm going to break you.
Which is fucking weird.
And listen,
a diehard Leafs fan could tell me,
Hey,
Whitney,
you don't know what you're talking about.
They went out and had a great game and they won.
Yeah.
But here's how he could have done it.
Spez is a veteran who everyone loves.
Literally teammates love the guy.
He's the best.
Yeah.
He's,
he's not the,
he wasn't the quickest skater when he was a dominant player, let now but babs could have said you know what i'm gonna start him
off i'm gonna give him a chance whatever maybe third line maybe it's the fourth line i'm gonna
start him off and if he fails at least i gave him the shot no he's just like you're fucked i didn't
like what i saw in camp i don't know that's why i said i don't love your game anymore he didn't
even consider building them up in camp where it's like hey at least you can and seeing if he failed yeah and if
he failed not just immediately being like but in the end the leafs are a quick team that's how they
want to play that's the decision babcock's made and once again already going back to the the new
knowledge that i just heard when you when you mentioned that he'd kind of been doing it all
camp so my theory kind of gets thrown out the window of,
oh, shit, I need a distraction here,
and we're going to bite the bullet, maybe even together.
Like, maybe even Spezza would have been in on it,
but no, that gets thrown out the window, so I'm a fucking idiot.
So that will wrap up Leafs lunch for this episode.
No, actually, we do have our last division preview come up a little bit,
the Atlantic Division, and to represent the Atlantic Division, we have Boston Bruin Jake DeBrusque.
I know some of the youngest stars in the league tend to be a little bit reserved.
We had no such issue with Mr. DeBrusque.
Highly entertaining interview.
I think everybody's going to like it, whether you're a Bees fan or not,
but that's coming a little later.
Also on opening night, the Blues raised their banner.
They had got their rings as, as well.
Hey, because I thought it was pretty sweet how they all had Larry flowers posing with
the cup on the side of the ring.
That was pretty cool to, to, to acknowledge Larry.
Yeah, no, it was really nice of them.
I mean, uh, you know, he did, uh, bring them to the bar that changed the entire dynamic
of their season.
So, um, yeah, Larry, uh, Larry's actually going to have a statue built.
I think that when's the game?
November 22nd?
Anyway, it's going to be one day in November.
Speaking of nice things, Ari, I know we talked about this before,
but the Stanley Cup ring that the boys delivered to Layla, guys.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
Just when you thought  just when you thought it's like, okay,
I've cried enough, there's going to be no more tear-jerking moments.
And then, wah-boom.
That was one of the best videos I've ever seen in my life.
And just the fact that they got her, like, the ring and then her name in the ring.
It was such a cool thing.
The Blues class act organization.
It was a special night, too.
Watching those guys arm-in- arm when the banner goes up.
I mean, that night's almost  it's cool because that night,
it just seems like it's all over, but this is the one final thing.
And after this, this is it.
It's complete.
We're on even playing field with everyone else.
But one last little hug here as we watch this thing go up, then game on.
I couldn't agree more.
It was the perfect bow on it.
And some people might be like,
oh, enough with these guys parading around with it.
Nope.
You get it until the fucking season starts.
I love how they had the little ceremony beforehand.
O'Reilly comes out with the con smite.
It's just, you know, put a bow on it for them.
And it was kind of cool because they did it with Washington in the building.
So Washington was probably like, hey, we did this.
You weren't swimming on fountains.
You weren't crossing sauces.
Yeah, you weren't crossing sauces.
Give me my Pepsi.
Let's go.
I want more goals.
They're also  the Blues, like I'm watching the game right now,
they're just like made up of so many guys who don't get a ton of credit
and they're so good.
And Bobby, you know, Ortuzzo has blocked 17 Ovechkin one-timers
in this game so far.
Just on the ladies' tees, Carlson to Ovechkin,
the 97-mile-an-hour one-timer.
Bertuzzo's eating them.
So he's just a guy that reminds me of why they got to do that last year,
and he was a huge part of it, even though he's kind of a minor player for them.
Everyone added in.
It's a great game right now.
It's 2-2 in the third, but
Everybody.
Obie's got one already.
Shocker.
This fucking guy.
He could have three.
He could have four.
He was at like a dead standstill, and it was like a pop to the circles.
It was in his feet, and all of a sudden, boom.
And then it's like the goalie moved.
It's like, whoa, when did he even get that fucking thing off?
Now, O'Reilly, right back to work.
Two apples tonight.
Gets them started.
This guy, even Sean Avery's stroking him off in his Instagram story tonight
figuratively
not literally
he was working the bike lane
good
O'Reilly ends up like riding a bike
in the bike lane, Avery just finds
that's it, I love this guy
he's dead to me now, fuck him
that video was great.
Just going back to the Layla video, it was Alex Steen and Colton Pareko
who delivered it, and she had no idea.
And that kid, man, she lights up the room, but really,
you can tell she genuinely appreciates it.
She's genuinely moved by what they've done for us.
Oh, absolutely.
Definitely hitching the feels.
What were you going to say, Biz?
Oh, nothing.
I was just kind of dialed into you guys talking about this.
I've seen the video.
It was great.
You know me, man.
I was fucking crying and shit.
Yeah, we've sent that out on our social media channels.
That's why I said I've cried enough over this girl.
She's got to stop making me cry.
I'm not even at a high altitude, and it's happening.
No, but the Blues, man, they look good.
That Falk was a great addition for them.
Petrangelo had a complete snipe tonight.
He could have a monster offensive year.
They're great.
And that Sammy, is it blah?
Blaze?
How do I say it?
Blah?
Blaze.
Like Blaze pizza.
So Perron gets him the goals really quick into the game to go up 1-0.
Perron continues to just chug along in the NHL as
an offensive 50-60
point guy. Sick hands.
This sauce pass was perfect.
Right over the defender's stick.
Lands on blah, blah
stick perfectly.
He buries it. So that guy, along with
Thomas, we talked about in the
central preview, but the Blues are here to
stay. They're going to be... Last year's first half seems so long ago.
I think this year they're going to be solid all season.
Yeah, we got Joe Vitale coming up too.
We talked to him while we were down in New York, the radio guy that we got.
We had him on, what, last Stanley Cup, right?
He predicted the sweep for the Blues.
He was only two games off.
Did we mention that he's one of our most listened to,
if not the most listened to episode of all time
on Spittin' Chicklets?
Did we say that last week? I think we told him.
Oh, okay. Weed still works? Okay, cool.
What do we got next?
Next up. Oh, actually,
we got a little captain news to update you.
Biz, on Sunday, Rod the Bud
Brindamore announced that Jordan Stahl is the
new captain in Carolina.
The 31-year-old shutdown center is going into his eighth season in Raleigh,
and he takes over the C after Justin Williams last had it.
Jordan was actually co-captain a couple years ago with Justin Falk.
He wore the A in his other six seasons there.
He's also following his brother's Eric footsteps
and wearing the C for the erstwhile Hartford Whalers.
Jordan Martinuk and Jacob Slavin will serve as his alternate captains.
No real surprise here.
We're just all getting the RC down in Raleigh.
No, it makes total sense.
Biz, remember his rookie year?
He was like a veteran when he was 18.
I think just having a couple older brothers that played in the NHL
and how successful.
Oh, he was a man, too.
He was a beast of a third-line center.
Oh, yeah, he was like 230 when he was 18, I think.
Hey, remember how he used to wear Abercrombie  Fitch shirts all the time, though?
Oh, yeah.
How else would he even have known?
He didn't even know.
I know, Thunder Bay, he was wearing Abercrombie  Fitch.
Coming out of junior from Thunder Bay.
I mean, I was wearing Abercrombie.
Yeah, he's got the seashell necklace on with the fierce cologne.
I was wearing that outfit that was
Oh, he just hit the post.
So, no, he has been the ultimate professional from day one.
It's just come in.
It's get your work done.
It's always working out before and after.
Quiet guy.
I mean, I think once you become friends with him, he's hilarious.
But he's just, you know, overall pretty quiet person.
And I think that he knows what it takes to win.
He does it every day.
He's pretty much the perfect decision for them to make captain.
Oh, I agree.
He was like a grown  that's what I was saying.
He was like a grown man when he first came in at 18.
Old man strength at 18.
I think he played two years a junior and then boom, right to the show.
But I guess you're right.
He was 18 and he was wearing Abercrombie.
That's not that out of the ordinary.
But I think even a few years later he was.
I should probably have more to say about him than just the fact that he wore Abercrombie.
Yes, I agree.
He's a great captain.
I'm very happy for him.
And I'll never forget that meal that we  remember we ate at?
What was that unreal sushi place in Pittsburgh?
Umi.
Umi.
And he ended up  I lost the credit card game,
and he ended up fucking picking it up anyways.
So fucking love you, Jordan.
Yeah.
Some other news as well.
Evander Cain, who made headlines earlier this summer
with his incredible ass on the ESPN body issue.
Did you see his ass
biz that looked like the peach emoji come to life oh Jesus I mean all right you are gonna get
absolutely torched online for that comment not really because I just ignore them when like you
who gets obsessed by them no but seriously like his it was oh yeah you never get rattled
no honestly dude after 12 years of Boston, man, I mean.
Mikey?
I mean, you take criticism, but I don't live and die by it.
Why do you keep chirping me about that?
I was just joking.
Because you get rattled by it.
Why do you chirp me about shit?
Because it rattles me.
All right.
Anyways, Evander Kane, yeah, he's going to start the new season.
Watching the first three games, the San Jose Sniper was hit
with a three-game suspension for, quote, physical abuse of official.
First, it looked like he caught Kiel Murchison when he whacked Darryl England
with the stick, kind of a cross-check, and the stripes was a little collateral damage.
But then when he wanted to get England again, he shoved Murchison.
That's definitely a no-no.
He can't appeal it
but he stands to lose about a buck 13 in pay uh golden knights san jose shocks i know when when
these teams fucking wwe now they ate each other people weren't thinking about those two as rivals
but shocks and knights is one of the best rivalries in the game right now biz what it is it
is it's fucking wwe we got guys chirping each other in media.
Revo, dude.
Him and Kane boys are what?
No. No.
They genuinely hate each other.
This isn't a joke, man.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, I'm surprised you didn't know that.
No, no. I wasn't sure.
Well, because when he chirped him, he said, oh, he's weak.
He gets taken down by a ref.
He's got to hit him. Yes, that's's why it's funny. Play the audio, Mikey.
Mikey will play the audio right now.
I apologize if someone's already asked you, but
what's your reaction to that Vander Kane getting suspended
and that he won't be on the ice tomorrow night?
Poor Vander.
Poor Vander. So tragic.
I wish he was on the ice. It's always more fun
when he's on the ice. Do you think that there's any
legitimacy to what he said about being treated differently than other players?
No.
I don't really know.
I don't understand why you would say that.
I think just the way the ref tried to break things up
and ended up taking him down, he felt like he was victimized.
Well, yeah, he's weak.
He gets taken down by a ref.
It happens.
You've got to get in the gym, no?
Yeah, I mean, when he says it, he's kind of smiling.
But at the same time, like you said, it's like the WWF biz.
It's hyping shit up.
I'm here for it, man.
I love it.
I love this stuff.
Whit, what do you got?
I got Evander Kane getting tackled by a fucking linesman.
I mean, so him and England are going back and forth.
And what happened was when Kane slashed England a little bit,
I think he might have caught the linesman.
Not positive, but he might have kind of hit the linesman
when he went to slash it at England.
And then next thing you know, they're going at each other.
And Kane pretty much got tackled by the linesman.
I mean, usually you'd let them go at it.
And if something happens, then they get in.
It was just, it was odd.
He pretty much fell over because of the linesman and then gets up and you
can't touch, you can't touch a ref or a line.
But he's like, what the fuck just happened?
Get off me.
Why am I on the ice?
Cause of you.
There's not even anyone on the other team that just knocked me over.
So three games.
I mean, I'm wondering if he will appeal it.
Has he said if he will?
Sorry if I missed you said that, R.A.
They haven't said whether he was or wasn't by the time we went to press.
He said he's not appealing.
Okay.
Yeah, so he knows you just can't touch a ref,
even if they're doing something that I deem to be a little ridiculous.
I don't know, Biz.
Did you watch it and think that linesman was in the right?
Well, I think nowadays those linesmen are instructed to go in
to break everything up where it's just like it's still a man's game.
Get the fuck out of the way.
It's Derek England and Evander Kane.
Evander Kane fights.
He's fought Rebo before.
Those are two big boys.
They can figure it out on their own. And I know this guy, he's probably justbo before like those are two big boys they can figure it out on their
own and I know this guy you know he's probably just trying to do his job but like and the NHL
might be saying get in there right away tell him to shut the fuck up it's a man's fucking game let
the boys play so he gets in there he gets tangled up I mean hey I've listen I've been suspended for
10 games when when I believe the NHL was wrong,
and I thought Max Dolan was not a big deal, and they reduced it to three.
So that's what they always do.
If you get a 10, which they're like, oh, fuck, this one looks bad on us a little bit,
let's just give them three, and usually they walk away.
I didn't want to appeal it because there was a chance I would have lost
and that it would have went back up to 10.
Oh, you're like, no.
Fuck, no.
Dude, I
That's so much money i went from
losing 70 grand to to i think 11 or 13 i forget the exact number so obviously it's a couple dinners
what do you mean that's a down payment on a house i mean ones that i was living in back then maybe
not you you fucking rich peckerhead anyway but listen it's a shitty situation i would recommend
the linesman even though he's probably just doing his book and job get the fuck out of the way
now the worst part about it is the now the best rivalry in sports in pre-season in vegas
sold out barn they are are chanting evander kane sucks or whatever in preseason. So we have ourselves a hockey town, okay?
I don't think anybody gets that turnt for preseason,
not even Maple Leaf country because there's all suits in the crowd.
Anyway, not a Jabbit Leafs nation because I don't want you guys
hounding me tomorrow.
But now that Kane's out for three games,
it's a home and home to start the season against them.
All right.
Like, come on here.
Yeah, in Vegas, I mean, you know, obviously they had tremendous success out of the gate,
but they were top 10 in their fucking ratings last year.
The team got bounced in the first round.
So, yeah, they're no doubt about it, a hockey town.
And a quick note on Evander Kane.
Grinnelli just sent over the text from Bob McKenzie.
This comes as no surprise, but worth mentioning. Nonetheless,
Evander Kane not expected to appeal
his auto three-game abusive
official suspension. Had he appealed, it would
have gone to Gary Bettman, who could uphold
Reese into a decrease. He probably
figures, look, man, whether I meant that or not,
the linesman was probably a little too aggressive,
but bottom line is he put his hands on
him, and fucking it's not even worth it.
Yeah, but the thing is, though, is I lost 11 grand.
And I know it's all relative to what you're making.
How much did he lose?
What's got that?
113, I think.
That's a fucking, that's a nice car.
That's a nice Porsche.
That's like Keith's glove compartment.
I could get a couple-year-old.
What's the other one?
Fuck, I don't know.
911 Turbo or something? I don't know. A 911 Turbo or something?
I don't know.
You might find yourselves
two Turbos in a 911.
I could never see you in a...
I could never see you
in a Porsche.
Oh, no.
That's my dream car.
The Targa.
Yeah, a Porsche Targa.
I can't even picture that.
It's a driving car.
I want to drive around it.
What do you drive now?
I drive a Jeep Grand Cherokee.
Nice, dude. I'm as basic as you What do you drive now? I drive a Jeep Grand Cherokee. Nice, dude.
I'm as basic as you get, but I don't care about vehicles.
I would have to be worth a lot to spend that much on a car, though.
I'm a grandpa with my dough.
All right.
What was that movie quote that you said?
I didn't know that one.
You might find yourself two turbos in a 911 slow.
That's hashtag Ask a Millennial.
That's Heat
starring Robert De Niro.
I love that movie, and I don't know what that's from.
I love that movie.
Remember when Tone Loke was one of the snitches,
and they were trying to get some information.
He was telling them where some stolen cars.
He's like, you might find yourself two.
You don't have to say it again.
Wait, we're going off the rails a little bit.
I said that, I mean, that's my dream car within reason.
I don't think I could ever spend more than that unless somehow I won the
How much is it?
I think a brand new Porsche Targa, which hold their value extremely well, too.
I think they're 150 snaps.
Oh, fuck, dude.
You could fucking go buy one of those.
You kidding me?
Listen, hey, what's your dream car?
I'm not that much of a car guy.
I just, I don't know.
I just buy whatever's, like, cool.
Right, but, like, if somebody said you could have...
Fuck Grinnelli.
You're not that much of a car guy when you have the sickest Range Rover.
Yeah, saying I buy a nice car.
Whatever's nice, I'm buying, but
I would have an Escalade, too.
I don't care. Ferrari?
No, I would never get a Ferrari.
I used to have the Cloud.
Remember that white Benz I had, Biz?
That thing was sick. Oh, the S550?
The Cloud? The S600.
The white one. The Cloud.
And ever
since I've gone up in the car like now that i'm high i'll
never go down back low oh yeah because i used to have i like i need to be above the traffic like
dominating people on the highway i agree i used to have f1 i've had two f-150s i just was like i
was sick of spending the money on gas i'm trying to be a little bit more environmentally friendly
you asshole um all right what's your dream car um i don't even know if i have a man cars were never my thing i was like fucking i
mean i think i had pictures of lamborghinis on my wall when i was like 10 but as far as like
you definitely had a picture of a girl in like a soap bikini on a lamborghini in your room
i've i know the poster people have.
Actually, Christie Brinkley was my very first cheesecake poster.
You know the poster I'm talking about.
All right, if you ever win the lottery,
you should buy one of those Lamborghini Comptaches
that they have in the movie Wolf of Wall Street.
Just the cocaine white one.
I can see R.A. pulling up in one of those things
ra could win a billion and instead of buying like a couple mansions he just buys the boston
like public transit authority owns public transit it's like a lifetime pass yeah to me because of
just the functional thing is he gets his own cart on the on the railway My father was never a big car guy either.
He was like, whatever.
He had like a fucking Pac-Man yellow fucking Ford Esco
and no radio when I was a kid.
So we'd all be able to smoke bowls out of where they put the coal in.
Hey, speaking of the desert biz,
Palm Springs, long known as a place for celebrity pit stops to dry out
and the location of one of Frank Sinatra's many, many stabbing cabins
officially gets an AHL team,
and it will serve as the primary farm team for the Seattle Woodchamacallits.
Like I said, Biz, that was a big Frank Sinatra spot,
so maybe some kills are still in the air for the new team down there.
Genius move.
I mean, it's more of a snowbird type of place,
and I would say it's the average age. It's older, right? Yeah, it's it's more of a snowbird type of place and and i would say it's the average
older right yeah it's older it's i would say the average age is probably 50 it might it may be a
little bit lower like i'm not exactly sure but yes it's a lot of it's an older community
they there's nothing there to do there's like i mean there's they have a crazy raceway for all
the rich ones they have like spots on it um i mean, of course, Coachella Music Festival, but they're not doing that all year round.
This is perfect.
And this is growing the game in that area.
It means closer travel for the other teams and they don't have to keep playing the same
teams over and over because now that adds another team to that division.
I think it's incredible.
I'm kind of jealous.
I wish I owned a team there because I think that they're going to be able
to sell out every night.
That's the hottest ticket in town now all of a sudden,
and people who live there have the money to go to an AHL game.
They need entertainment.
They're probably starving for it.
It's the perfect spot.
There's so many Canadians.
Yeah, it's sober, yeah.
Those guys are so
lucky. We were in
Wilkes-Barre, and Wilkes-Barre was pretty solid
AHL town. These guys are in
Palm Springs now. The only
thing that'll be tough is the travel
will be a motherfucker for them because you're not
traveling private.
You're flying, but you're middle
seat, stopovers
to get to Iowa and shit like that. But still, when you're home, you're flying, but you're like middle seat, like, you know, stopovers to get to Iowa and shit like that.
But still, when you're home, you're living in heaven.
Well, yeah, but the division's bigger,
so you're not really playing that many games out east.
You don't play every team out east when you're in the AHL.
You switch off, I think, on conferences basically from year to year.
So, like, you might have one trip into Chicago where you play Rockford, Iowa,
and do that loop, but it's not that bad
because now you've got Ontario rain right there.
I mean, you've got a couple teams.
You've got one in San Diego.
You've got a couple up north.
Yeah, true.
Your division's not bad at all.
No, it's not that bad.
So they kind of created their own little section out here
where it's going to help for travel,
and all these teams are going to be closer to their farm teams where's where's uh phoenix's tucson that's not far either that's wow oh yeah it's a fucking sick division man
and these kids are going to be traveling to awesome towns and traveling to the doctor to
get like z packs oh yeah just crushing everybody's gonna be getting passed
around everybody's fucking my buddy because remember when i think uh you were still playing
for the ontario rain when we when we first had had you for a guest and i didn't know there was
an ontario and i thought ontario was and i thought it was in california i mean i actually remember
sitting there when you said that i remember that clear as as day. I'm like, dude, it's in California.
Oh, no, buddy.
My parents were like, what?
California.
I'm not supposed to be the dummy on this show.
I thought you were coming home.
You can live at home, Paul.
Yeah.
I'll make a pregame meal.
I just don't want to catch you jerking off anymore.
Again, for the 78th time.
Stop bringing slugs home.
A little more news from the desert, Biz, and your neck a little worse.
Stop shitting on your paper route and putting it back in the hamper.
Fucking sicko.
Arizona goalie,
Dossie Kemper signed a two year,
9 million extension with the Yotes,
four and a half million dollar AAV.
The injury to Anthony Ranta was unfortunate,
but it really gave Kemper an opportunity last year.
He made the most of it.
Finished the year 22-9-6,
got himself a nice little deal.
Biz, is he the number one going forward?
Are him and Ranta going to battle for it?
What's the deal there?
Well, Ranta's day-to-day right now, so they had to recall Aiden Hill,
unfortunately.
I mean, fuck, Ranta just  I mean, he's having a hard time staying healthy.
He's came into every season where something's been bugging him.
So I hope he can get back to health.
I don't think it's anything serious.
So best of luck to him because it's always nice.
You know the best ability is availability.
Yes, and I agree.
And Darcy Kemper has been that, and he was one of the best,
if not the best goalie in the second half of the season last year.
This team plays very good in front
of them they're very comfortable with him and that and and vice versa um and and and you got
to credit the back end too with the coyotes they do a great job of getting shot lanes and they
block a lot of shots but darcy kemper in the second half of last season put on a show there
were some nights where you have like 45 50. So it's always nice having both.
Congratulations on the extension.
I actually saw his parents when I was in Saskatoon dropping the puck.
They ended up going to the Blades game.
So unbelievable people.
Comes from a wonderful family.
I couldn't be happier for him.
And he's going to be a weapon moving forward for the Oats.
Nice.
Good for them.
Nice little sign and get out of the way.
We do have a retirement announcement to make.
36-year-old forward Lee Stempniak announced his retirement from the NHL on Tuesday.
A fifth-round pick in the 0-3 draft.
Stempniak was a reliable veteran to coaches.
He was well-liked amongst his teammates.
He bounced around quite a bit, but he suited up at 10 teams,
spread out over 14 seasons, totaled 911 games games in which he racked up 469 points.
So congrats to Lee and retirement.
Biz, Whit, did either one of you guys play with him?
I know he was well-traveled.
Yeah, I played with him.
Did you play with him, Whit?
I never played with him, but in the summers, he'd be in Boston,
so I'd skate with him in the summers.
Great guy.
Great guy.
Yeah, dry humor.
Very similar to Ben Lovejoy a little bit i think they
actually went to the same college but uh the ultimate professional ate extremely healthy he
was at whole foods every goddamn day uh hydrate he used to drink like 20 bottles of water on the
plane didn't drink a lot of alcohol studied the game just i'm so happy for him that he was
able to extend his career because there was a few times it's like he couldn't he was on like a pto
and then he'd have signing and then he'd have like fucking 15 20 goals and then he couldn't get a
deal the next summer and you're like who the fuck isn't signing this guy and then it happened a few
times so he ended up carving out just over 900 games would you say 912 911 911 games and i tell you what
there's another guy retires a little bit early so no one's gonna have to buy them a thousand
un-fucking-selfish so congratulations to a wonderful career now i was also going to propose this with
now that we've had some guys retiring in the 900 range right i think it's only fair that we introduce them with a
spitting chiclets uh team guy stick you know maybe we can get it embroidered we're going to get wood
because we can't afford silver but we're going to present it to them if they retire within an 82
game period of their 1000 so they were if they retire in that period we present them with the
spitting chiclets thank you for not having to make your teammates buy you a nice present
when you hit 1,000 games, Dick.
That's very nice of you, Biz.
Who's paying for it?
I will get it sponsored.
You fucking know that shit, dog.
Yeah, Lee Snapniak, too.
I think Dartmouth was one of the only schools to show interest in him.
I'm pretty sure he told me that once.
And if you think about what kind of career he made after four years at Dartmouth,
majoring in economics, just an incredible run.
So I'm very happy for that guy.
He was very dry sense of humor, Biz, that's true.
But he always cracked me up, was fun to be around in the summer,
worked his bag off.
Hey, I think he would be great on here and he would rip into
me. Yeah, he would be.
He would always chirp me in the
locker room. He kind of reminds me of Scud.
Yes. And the thing about
him is he's too smart for me, right? So
he would say something and then like two minutes later
I'd be in the stick room like working on my stick.
And I'd be like, hey,
fucker.
And then I'd be buzzing around the room looking for him.
You're like, Stephanie Akstet's having to be two weeks ago.
I just realized what he meant.
That's fucking bullshit.
Anyone know him?
They're like, yeah, he's been traded.
Tips like this.
I got to worry about the power play.
Like, I just can't be dealing with this stuff.
All right, boys.
I think we should send it over to Jake DeBrusque right about now.
I enjoyed our chat with this young budding star.
Whit, what was your take on this interview?
Good show.
Let's bring on Spider-Man.
This interview is brought to you by Peloton.
Why does Men's Health call the Peloton bike the best cardio machine on the planet?
Let's break it down.
We can work up a great sweat at home for less than the cost of a studio class.
First off, the size.
People love that.
It's a nice compact 4x2.
The Peloton bike can fit in virtually any space in your home, no matter how small.
The value is unreal because you get one subscription.
So I need to get unlimited classes for the entire family.
No commute, no reservations.
Thousands of rides you can take live or on demand at any time.
All for less than the cost of one studio class.
It also makes hard work fun.
Get in your zone with curated music designed to move and motivate you.
Hip-hop or country, Latin or pop, whatever you're in the mood for,
we've got classes waiting for you.
With a variety of themes, difficulty levels, and training programs,
experience something new every time you sweat.
And live encouragement from top instructors makes you want to keep coming back for more.
Right now, Peloton is offering a limited time offer.
Get 100 off accessories when you purchase the Peloton bike
and get a great cardio workout at home.
Go to onepeloton.com and use the promo code hockey to get started.
Now we'd like to bring on one of the bright young stars of the NHL,
a second generation NHL.
This guy made quite an impression as a rookie in his first playoffs in 2018.
And he played in the Stanley cup final this past season.
He'll be heading into his third NHL season with the Boston Bruins this year,
also a contract year.
Welcome to the show, Jake DeBrusque.
Thanks, boys. Thanks for having me.
Absolute pleasure to have you on here, Jake.
And before we really get into the things,
there's been a lot of Bruins teammates of yours coming on here,
just basically shit-talking you.
I see Mikey who says, listen, we got to have DeBrusque on.
He has to defend his name, defend his honor.
I mean, these guys were coming at you for no good reason.
I know.
I don't know what's going on.
It's obviously Sid Chippin's fuse back home, so that's how I usually hear it.
And, yeah, the boys love to come and rinse me on this show,
but they don't really trip me too much to my face, so I'm here to clear my name.
Which is a little weird because I've heard that you're also the jester in the locker room.
You kind of run the show in there and keep everyone entertained before practices,
before games, after games.
Is that the case?
Well, that's what Tasha said.
Shout out to Tasha.
That was a big one for me.
I don't necessarily run the room.
I'd probably say I'm more of a glue guy, to be honest with you.
But definitely down for anything.
Self-proclaimed glue guy.
I love it.
Is it true you're the DJ?
No, Tori is.
I tried to DJ
I think once and we got absolutely
smoked, so I lost those duties
pretty quick. So Tori is the
DJ, but I talked to him a little bit.
Thoughts on his music selection?
Well, he took
out the country, so I mean, I don't mind
country, but he took it out completely and
that was that was a big win for us um but overall he's probably like i'll give him seven out of ten
like i mean that's probably what i'd say yeah he's all right so you're not a big country guy
being from edmonton alberta well born there not i know i uh i heard a lot when i played in swift
and junior and i just uh i wanted
to get out of there i love swift it was awesome but country music every every morning and stuff
i just some reason not not my vibe swift current broncos just screams country music like dude if
you hear country music after playing for the swift current broncos you start like twitching
we got both kinds, country and western.
Another thing that was brought up about your game, which I love, I think the fans
love it too, is the celebrations,
the excitement for scoring every goal.
You got some teammates chirping you that you're selling too hard.
I feel like you're never going to stop
at scoring a goal in the NHL. Why wouldn't you be
fired up?
Yeah, exactly. You guys know, especially Biss.
Biss doesn't know.
From Biss?
Well, when they came.
I'll probably say.
No, but like,
Sully's the best part
about hockey,
I feel like.
Anytime I see that puck
going in the net,
I'm, you know,
first off surprised
and then I just kind of
spaz out a bit.
I think it's a good part
of the game
for the motions.
Like you said,
lots of fans love it,
but I got some bad reviews last year.
I celebrated in China against
Calgary in a preseason game, and that was a little bit
tough. Okay, here's the thing.
I saw that,
and I remember thinking, like, wow,
it's a little aggressive. We're preseason.
We're over in the Far East, but
it's always nice to get that first
one. It's a little bit of panic, even if it's
preseason. Like, let me just get get a goal and then I'll feel the weight
off my shoulders. I could tell it was just you.
I just want to get one past the goal line
and I'll feel a little better after that.
He was actually my second
of the game. Oh, that's even worse!
Oh, Jesus.
He was trying to help you out there.
What are you doing in this league?
I've got to be honest.
I also was in the bathroom for about 30 minutes,
like just losing my mind.
I had a little bit of some bad sushi or something like that before the game,
and it went right through me.
And then my first shift, I came back out there, I scored,
and I just went through hell, and then I just buried one.
So it was kind of nice.
You ate the cat roll?
I probably shouldn't have done it.
Probably shouldn't have done it.
Not to play, boys.
Not to play.
How was that experience over there?
I mean, you went over there for preseason, so I imagine you guys got to have a little
bit of fun.
I know they're trying to grow the game, but what are some things that you got to do that
you never thought you would?
Yeah.
I mean, it was all right.
The travel itself was a little bit suspect.
Like, any time we had to go from the hotel to the rink
or pretty much the airport, it was always a soup.
It was probably about an hour and a half drive,
at least two hours.
It wasn't too crazy,
but it gave us a good amount of time to bond.
I mean, Marshy was with us,
so he was pretty much leading the way
and leading the pace in that aspect.
It was fun, especially for the younger guys
that were there that were, you know,
you're uncomfortable during training camp and everyone's on their toes and to kind of relax and play some
hockey it was it was fun but i'd probably say the thing that was coolest seeing the great wall i
never thought i'd be able to do that and i want to get a picture for the insta game and pass to like
this guy man he knows i'm afraid of heights, and he wanted to go on top of these towers kind of along the way of the Great Wall.
And he pretty much peer pressured me into jumping up, getting helped up to go on this thing.
And it was super windy and stuff, but we got the picture, so it was all good.
But that's probably the thing that was most interesting for sure.
Is it as impressive in person?
I mean, obviously, I've never been there, but it's just, what's it like, 40 or 50 miles long
or something they built like, what, 800 years ago?
Is it that crazy to look at in person?
Yeah, and it's an absolute workout
too. We were on like the
Well, good thing you were hitting up all those massage parlors
to get your game legs back.
Yeah, pretty much.
Honestly, though, like we were banged.
I was banged. At least I was.
By the end of it, because it is so long.
Like, it's just the view of it is pretty special.
It's amazing.
But definitely a workout I did not want to have that day.
Chara probably just did it for, like, a pregame workout.
Oh, yeah, it was his pregame skate.
He's like, I'll meet you at the rink after.
Hold on.
He's like, no, actually, can I get a weight vest for this walk?
Jake, I know the beginning of the summer sucked.
We'll get into that a little later, but how'd the rest of it go?
Did you do any traveling, go any fancy places?
I know a lot of guys like to get out of Dodge for a bit.
To be honest, it was pretty low-key this year.
I mean, it was such a fast summer
that I didn't really have too much time to do that stuff.
I pretty much stayed back home with just family and friends
and kind of hung out.
Shout out to the boys back in Edmonton, too. They'll love this, so just had to do that stuff. I pretty much stayed back home with just family and friends and kind of hung out. Shout out to the boys back in Edmonton too.
They'll love this. So just had to do that.
But, you know, just
kind of chilled out. I came actually back down to Boston
here for about a week and
saw Tori's little one, Sailor.
She was just born, so wanted to meet her
and also come back. You know, it was
so nice here compared to Edmonton that
it was nice to come back and that's pretty much all I did.
After going on a run like that, I think we would have had another bossing guy on.
But just like experience of going all that way without just coming up short,
how long did it take you to get over it?
I still haven't, to be honest with you.
It's pretty much impossible.
I mean, you try to, especially at the beginning of the summer,
you're just trying to get your mind off of everything to do with hockey.
I mean, it's a tough pill to swallow.
You get that close, you go through all those ups and downs
and emotions throughout the run.
It was a crazy run that we had.
And for it to end like that, I mean, it's obviously the toughest thing
that I've had to go through.
And, you know, it's tough to know that, you know,
the guys you care about so much and pretty much your brothers
that you go to war with are doing the same thing.
But you just try to eliminate as much as possible,
and I guess use your motivation.
I think that's probably the best way you can go about it.
To actually see the cup on the ice, it gives you a different perspective about hockey.
I actually always have heard guys say Game 7 lost it.
You never do get over it, so that makes sense you're saying that.
I apologize if I don't remember remember but were you battling injuries and how impressive was it to
see you know your best buddies your teammates and what guys are actually playing through when you
get that late in the year yeah that's crazy uh personally i mean game two i think pretty much
says it all i was out a little thing um That wasn't great. Long play, but yeah, definitely that caught me a bit.
And, you know, it's tough.
You're playing every second night, and it's a grind,
but still felt good enough to play, obviously.
I'm not going to have too much pride to do that.
But, you know, seeing guys go through sacrifices,
whether it was even Z, I think Z was probably the most
highlighted one because he broke his jaw,
and he had to wear a different helmet and stuff like that.
But even the guys, you don't really hear about the needles
and things the guys need to do just to get prepared for a game.
It's a war zone out there.
And as a fan watching, you always wonder if someone's hurt
or something's going on.
And usually the case is when it gets down to the wire, everybody's hurt.
I don't know if anybody was healthy, to be honest with you,
on both sides probably because that's just how fast and intense the games are.
Jake, I know you said you never get over it like Biz just asked you,
but how long does it take to, I guess, get back into a normal rhythm or routine
where it's not like the dominant thought in your head all day,
where you can just kind of go on living again a little bit, I guess?
Yeah, I mean, that's different time.
I mean, time heals everything, I guess, in that sense.
But, you know, you just try to, like you said, not think about it all the time.
It took a couple good nights with the boys back home that really helped me out in that aspect.
But, you know, it still pops up here and there.
But the good thing, I guess, about the short summer is we're getting prepared for the season.
And, you know, we're right back in the swing of things.
So that's the least good about it.
All right, we'll switch over to a little more positive playoff talk.
The year before, your rookie season, it was your playoff debut.
And it's something, I mean, I'm a Bruins fan.
It's something we're always going to remember no matter what happens
for the rest of the time.
You scored that huge game seven goal.
You took the big hit from God.
And then you pulled, like we talk about Selly's.
That was a good one.
You pulled on the spoke P when you did the fly by the bench.
Place is going nuts.
Is that one of those moments I hear players talk about blacking out in the moment?
Like, what's going on in that moment?
Are you blacked out?
Are you thinking, holy shit, is everything clear as a bell?
What's going through your head at a moment like that?
A lot, to be honest.
Honestly, I guess, yeah, I don't know.
I think I blacked out, too.
Like, I was initially shocked.
Just the whole play, I guess.
But definitely going to the bench and stuff, I was fired up.
I just wanted to get back on the ice and try to score another one
or help the team in a way.
It's obviously something that I'll remember for the rest of my life.
I obviously want to do something like that again.
It was a lot of fun to be a part of that one.
And one other part of the playoffs, the Schiffer's tampering game one.
You got bundled, ate some rubber, could barely stand.
You make the dive and poke check to clear the puck.
Everyone's just kind of watching you.
What are you telling yourself to get through that situation?
Are you in pain?
Are you just like, how do you get through a situation like that to do what you did?
Because it was pretty incredible.
He probably doesn't even know.
He's like, R.A.'s like, remember the golf shots, but the brush shifts?
He remembers every fucking shift of your career.
Yeah. Honestly, I think shift of your career. Yeah.
Honestly, I think it's just a full send mindset.
I think you just got to full send it at that point.
Just like Instagram.
I don't really know, but I feel like it's just when you're going through,
I guess, the shit, you just got to get through it somehow.
I actually turned the puck over, I think, anyways, if I remember correctly.
That's why I dove to get it out is I gave it right to Hedman.
So I was making some bad plays, but I obviously was a little bit banged up.
That was a tough shift, but it was nice to get out of that one.
Okay, you said full send.
Now, I'd imagine you're good  are fans of the Nelk Boys?
Yeah.
Is that the reference?
And I know that we've heard from a few guys from your team.
They said you're funny because you have that
you're like the ultimate junior
hockey guy where you're like you're beauty
and all the boys all the code
words and all that
do you watch all these funny clips that those Nelk boys
do online oh I die
I love that stuff that's like right up my
alley those guys don't
care at all what's going on I've seen them get arrested
probably like four different times so if
they ever asked you to jump on board
for one of those videos, would you agree
to do it or maybe not in a contract year?
I don't know. We'd have to see, man.
We'd have to see.
That would be a full send. I might need to
have some time before I could do that.
For those of you listening, some of you might not know who the Nelk Boys
are, but they're kind of like a new school
YouTube version of Jackass where they just do dumb shit they're obnoxious i mean i saw one video clip
of uh they all went to a winery and you know everyone's trying to enjoy like the taste testing
and they just like they're buying bottles and they're just like guzzling them and then pouring
red wine all over everybody and and then they get kicked out the cops get called so these guys are
absolute hooligans uh if you haven't seen them, check them out online.
But transitioning away from that, does anyone still call you Spidey?
What's that?
Does anyone still call you Spidey?
Oh, my God, no.
Well, let's fucking talk about it because you know exactly.
No, I'm good.
No, fuck you.
You're not good.
You're going to talk about why you wanted to be called Spidey when you were a kid.
Your old man tells me you're the biggest Spider-Man fan ever.
That's such a low blow.
Well, we got to get into Louie because I got to know him when I was playing for the Oilers.
He was the color guy there.
Now, I believe the head guy for the late game on Hockey Night in Canada and played in the NHL and probably was a part of one of the most memorable
first NHL goals was when you scored against Nashville in, I believe,
the first game of the year, your rookie season.
And you got to see your dad in the stands, I'm sure, after when he got a tear
in his eye.
But what a special moment that was, huh?
And talking to him after must have been incredible.
Yeah, it was obviously a special night.
Just the first game in the NHL and then having the family come down and everything like that.
And obviously the video went pretty viral.
That's the first time I've ever seen him cry.
I don't want him to be, obviously, you know, as my dad, but as a tough guy and someone that doesn't really share those emotions, I guess.
And to kind of see him, you know, do that was, it was a pretty
special moment, and just a special, special day all around for me, but Spidey story, I mean,
I gotta go, I guess, with it, I was, I want to say, like, seven or something like that,
and obviously, a huge Spider-Man, I think Spider-Man just came out, so I was a huge fan,
and I really wanted to be Spider-Man, So I think what happened was my parents went and got me an outfit or something like that.
I like Toys R Us.
It wasn't even Halloween.
And when I put it on, apparently I kept it on for like the entire day and wouldn't say
like my name was Jake.
Wouldn't refer to himself as Jake.
He was Spidey.
He was 15 years old too.
Yeah.
Well, your dad, your old man wrote here the year before your nhl draft
so i don't know maybe there's a few year separation in the storyline here but uh maybe it's three
years ago maybe he has toby mcguire written on the knob of his stick still um i actually saw the
video i saw the video this summer and like my dad and my mom were just egging me on like just
laughing it up it's actually pretty funny to watch, but definitely embarrassing.
I was like, delete this.
Are you into all this DC Marvel stuff?
All the shows coming out, Avengers?
I dabble in that stuff, yeah.
I didn't mind like Endgame and that kind of stuff, but movies lately have been brutal.
Brutal.
Like awful.
So I'm just kind of waiting for something to be good to go watch
because I'm not really a scary guy either.
So, like, there's been absolutely junk out.
This should be actually the Toronto International Film Festival just ended.
Oh, here we go.
A lot of good shit coming.
No, there's a lot of good Oscar baits still to come this year.
So stick with that.
Jake, I want to ask you, you were a young kid when your dad retired,
but do you remember seeing him play at all, hanging around the locker room,
that type of shit that young kids get to do with their dads
playing in the NHL?
Not as much as I'd like to,
to be honest. I don't remember him playing,
because he usually wasn't playing too much,
but at the same time, I think that
I was also just too young
to remember probably the memories that I have.
He actually got someone
to give him a highlight reel video
from his whole career, and I saw that.
That's probably the only thing that I've really seen where he's scoring.
That was a gif.
It was 11 seconds.
Love you, Louie.
Around two minutes.
Hey, I loved it, though.
It was awesome.
But, yeah, it was definitely around two minutes.
I do have to shout out your dad's head of hair,
just one of the best salads of all time.
I think still hasn't gone anywhere.
But I also wonder, he was such a different player than you, right?
So I mean, growing up, you got the speed he necessarily didn't have.
You got the shot, the skills not to dog him right now.
But he must have still been huge for your development.
And not only getting you into hockey, but helping you become the player you are.
Yeah. No, he was definitely massive.
He helped me out a lot with just different things,
especially going through junior and all the way up to the ranks,
especially as of late.
Like you said, he still is around the game.
He does color for sports nets.
So he's always watching the game and kind of just taking notes and stuff.
But definitely helped me develop my skills earlier when I was kind of growing up
because all I wanted to do was just play hockey just to be like him
and just kind of follow his lead.
But I wasn't necessarily that big growing up.
I think when I got drafted in the VAM draft, I think I was actually like 5'1", 115 pounds.
So I wasn't the same player because of kind of how I was built at the time,
but he definitely
helped me with my development and he still does I talk to him pretty much after every single game
and just helps me out with little things because he knows my game the best well we're definitely
gonna have him on he's promised he'd come on at one point but I'm wondering has he ever talked
to you about I mean the style he played and what you've seen guys struggle with with post-concussion
syndrome when they get out of the game has he ever talked about any issues he ever had?
Because just seeing him and knowing him personally,
I mean, he doesn't seem to really battle anything,
but you never really know behind closed doors what goes on
when a guy retires and has had that many fights.
Yeah, that's true.
And that's obviously, like you said, it's a topic.
He was getting hit in the head a good amount of times,
and he was punching lots of people too.
I guess you really haven't asked him straight up.
Yeah.
Because it doesn't seem like he seems completely fine and normal
like he always has, I guess.
Does that make any sense?
Mm-hmm.
But I feel like he's a lot more tame than what he was when he played
from some things I've heard.
Well, on the injury front, I've got a quick story that will lead in one for you.
So I was in training camp one of my first years in Pittsburgh,
and there was a period in my career where I stopped wearing a jock
because I felt like I had more range and mobility in my
No cup.
No cup.
I did that in the AHL, and then the next year at training camp
Well, your foreskin counts as it's a sort of well i
would still use the outside part okay okay just to keep it in there all rolled up calamari style but
so sir sergey gonchar was was uh coming down the wall and he ended up dumping the puck in and he
got a little bit more more zing on it and less loft and it ended up hitting me right in the nuts
and i wasn't able to finish that inner squad game when he got me in the bag.
Now, a similar story happened to you where you took one of the gonads,
but it was way worse in junior.
I want you to tell this story.
Yeah, no, it's not a good feeling.
It is, holy fuck.
It's tough.
I didn't know that.
Well, I was in the slot, and the puck came in.
Yeah, well, I was playing in Swift in junior junior and i don't know who we're sorry we're
playing victoria anyways play happened where i don't remember what happened pretty much but it
got reversed around the corner and kind of went d to d and i was playing center at the time and
for some reason the defenseman was like topping circles anyways get the puck absolutely blocked
to one timer and i had a cup on the whole time during
this play and i went down one knee he absolutely drilled me like right and like i was like holy
like i went down like it is there's no worse feeling than that and the worst part about it
was is i couldn't even like stand up so like i was crawling like to the bench and like my trainer
and like the boys were laughing at me they didn't think it was they didn't really know what happened but they thought you know they're just fucking me i get
fucked up a lot but i was really crawling and then i go inside the room and i'm like talking
to the doctor that was there and you know he was like i think we need to go to the hospital and i
was like yeah i think we do so i ended up uh you know having to get uh surgery on it still have
both the records still have both everything's all good i was freaking out just want to get surgery on it. Still have both for the record. Still have both. Everything's all good.
I was freaking out.
Just want to get that out there.
Yeah, I was freaking out
because I didn't know if I was...
I was like, what, 17 at the time?
And I'm not the smartest guy out there.
And I was like,
am I even going to have kids?
I was actually freaking out.
It was a tough situation.
Yeah, I was really panicking.
Did it balloon up?
Is that why you had to get surgery?
What's that?
Did it balloon up? What was exactly the surgical procedure get surgery? What's that? Did it balloon up?
What was exactly the surgical procedure that had to get taken place?
Yeah.
So what they had to do is they had to pretty much not clean it, but drain it almost.
Because it was like the size.
Like elephantitis?
It almost got the size of a tennis ball.
It was brutal.
Oh, my.
Oh, well, Whit knows the feeling of going around with a heavy sack, but he didn't get
hit in the nuts.
Because it never got empty.
How long was it before you were able to scratch yourself again?
You're asking an NHL player how long he jerked off after his ball surgery?
No, he's like, I went skate.
Well, I had a girlfriend at the time, and so it didn't take too long.
That's all I'm going to say.
They told me, too.
They're like, don't do anything like around like the two week mark like after like i was on like heavy medication stuff so
they're like don't do anything hey don't use it pretty much uh for two weeks and it was under that
this was the comment your old man man he goes i picked him up in swift current he was pretty
quiet for the first 15 minutes of the drive then he looked at me and he said, well, I guess I would give my left nut to play in
the NHL, and I almost did.
Thank God the kid was okay.
Joe Hickett slap shot to the gonads.
This kid is tough.
So Joe Hickett was the guy who got you right in the nut.
So shout out to him, and I'm glad you were able to keep both your balls.
Yeah, Jumbo Joe.
What the fuck, man?
Just bury it.
Just fucking bury it.
I'll take the dash.
That was terrible.
Because you would have looked good going down to block it.
It wouldn't have been your fault.
You would have given it your all.
Just don't get me in the sack.
Jake, I want to go back to your pops for a second.
Like we said, you guys were very different players.
But did he ever give you any just-in-case fighting lessons?
That's probably going to happen at some point.
Did he prepare you for that yeah yeah he did he he did especially like before junior like he always wrestled with me and stuff and um he always tries to square up like pretty much every
time i'm home and uh definitely still strong to me i don't know if i'll ever be able to take him
down but definitely little thing it's mostly like just defense like just kind of being aware of
i guess what to expect in that scenario.
I fought a couple times in junior.
I fought, I want to say, three times in Providence.
I had one fight two years ago against Zekas in the show.
But I'm not afraid. It's in my blood.
I don't necessarily care about that.
But at the same time, I think that it was good for him to at least kind of tell me how to defend myself.
And if I'm getting, like, raked over the coals, just kind of hold on and different things like that.
Just that, I think, is an advantage for sure.
And outside of fight, what was the best NHL advice that he gave you before you went pro?
The best advice that he gave me before I went pro?
Probably just enjoy everything.
Like, everything.
I think that's the the it sounds pretty simple and
like not too crazy but like enjoy the moments the boys enjoy everything the ups and downs of the
season and um obviously enjoy playing you know the league that you dreamed of playing and i think that
i have lived that up to a t to be honest with you yeah i think that you show that you just love the
game which is awesome and looking back and seeing the numbers of your draft year,
42 goals that year, which is just an unreal season
for a 17-year-old, whatever that is.
But the draft comes along.
Did you figure out that you were going to go
middle of the first round, hoping for a little bit higher?
How did that whole day play out?
Because I know personally we're the only two
first-round picks talking right now,
and so I'll never forget the day.
I'm assuming it's the same for you.
Yeah, no, definitely one of the best days of my life but it was it was kind of a soup
to be honest yeah there is uh there's a lot of things going on obviously in the morning and
um you know i talked to i think every single team at the combine so i didn't actually know
where i was going to go my initial thought process was i'm going to just go to a team that likes me
um you know no matter what and i thought boston was actually going go to a team that likes me no matter what. I thought Boston was actually
going to be the team that took me,
which I called, so I was happy with that.
The day
itself was awesome. I was so nervous.
I couldn't even fucking eat or anything like that.
I remember I had to
shave. I had a little bit of
muzzy going on, so I tried to shave it.
I have this mole on the right side
of my face, and I absolutely nickedicked it those don't stop bleeding either so i legitimately like i'm shaving and i
nick it and it's just bleeding for about two and a half hours straight so like every single like
draft day pitcher and stuff i have like goss and powers moly moly on my right side hilarious
um you mentioned that you you had that interview with boss and
and i imagine it went well considering you thought you were going to get drafted there
now we've had a few guys come on and talk about uh some of those meetings inside those rooms terry
ryan probably one of the most notable stories any any funny questions that you were asked or
encounters with scouts in any of those meetings that you can remember um well there's a couple a couple
couple like uh i don't know if there's like two funny questions but you know at that that point
i was lucky enough to talk to every small team so the the same same questions were kind of coming
in and out um i guess if that makes sense but the one of the funniest encounters i had or at least
that everyone in the room laughed at was was with boss, and they asked me what was my favorite animal.
And I didn't know what to say.
I paused for about 10 seconds.
I was like, I think a shark.
And everyone just started laughing.
So that's probably my only funny really story, I guess.
But even still, then it's kind of weak.
I didn't really have any too crazy questions.
And then the follow-up I had, oh, fuck, I actually forgot it.
I forgot my question. That's the follow-up I had, oh, fuck, I actually forgot it. I forgot my question.
That's the biz brain.
Yeah.
All right, so we got another note from your boy, Danton Hyden,
who wanted us to ask you about you getting your new car
and then just burying the thing the first day you bought it.
And then you had a couple other incidents.
What's going on with you driving?
Yeah, I don't know, man.
So, yeah, I bought a car here last year it was on my birthday
i gave myself a nice present and i'm excited obviously and i'm trying to park this thing
and i'm like oh i'm gonna take a couple pictures you know send it to my buddies back home like
just excited and after i do that i go in a park and i absolutely slam this pole and like i have
the monitors on both sides so i can hear when i'm close to something but i still crushed it like i don't know how or what happened but then i go to the rink and pass
is the first guy that i see and pass is gonna tell everybody what happened everyone was chirping me
about that and then since then i've probably been about four crashes i just i just keep getting hit
man i don't know what it is like yeah well when you don't use your blinker and cut over into another
lane you're probably just gonna end up getting run into somewhere.
Maybe you should hire a driver.
I don't know why he keeps asking that.
R.A. could be your driver.
Yeah, he's like, I'll do it for free.
I'm down.
And I'll tell you about all your shifts after the games.
Was the Boston traffic after the camp, was it a huge adjustment?
Because people drive like total assholes in Boston.
Do you think that might be why you're having so many fender benders?
I think I was like, I think I got honked at literally the first two weeks I was driving here.
That might have been me.
I don't know who it was or what, but I was like, holy, like it is a different way of driving,
especially going from Edmonton to Boston.
But now I'd definitely say I'm a Boston-style driver.
Like I've gotten better besides, you know, a couple crashes here and there.
But they haven't been too major, so that's been all good.
But, yeah, I'm not the swiftest with that stuff.
It's just, like, parking for me.
Anytime I try to back into something or, like, we have a practice, like, arena,
and everyone, like, parks in this kind of, like, gated area downstairs.
And I park in my little spot that literally no one's even close to.
Like, there's no poles.
Like, I'm very aware now.
An open field.
Yeah.
It's like a 10-minute walk.
Still do it every day.
All right.
So we have some sources here.
We've dug up some info on you, and you talk to players nowadays and the way they train,
the way they eat, the way they prepare themselves, and you're just amazed at how certain guys
go about it.
Well, then you hear about Jake DeBrus, who's got complete
wheels on him, flies around on the ice,
and drinks nothing but root beer and eats
nothing but Oreos. So what the fuck's
going on there?
I can
actually confirm that. With water,
especially water, man, if there's
anything else around, like a Gato or something like that,
I'm going to drink the Gato every single time. time we go up for dinner like i don't even usually drink
the water it's not a fan just never happened you're on the ovechkin plan you're drinking pop
on the bench too i don't actually i don't but i split sometimes with pasta um like in intermissions
but i don't know i uh strictly do gato. I'll have water sometimes here on the bench
by accident, but just not a fan.
I love Oreos.
Double stuff or just the regular?
I go mix.
I'm actually in the birthday cakes right now.
Okay.
He's an expert at this shit.
What was the best
one they've ever done? They do some weird
launches sometimes too, so they've had different flavors.
What's the greatest?
The root beer one?
Non-original Oreo flavor.
What's the best one other than that?
Not the original one, but that's a tough question, actually.
Wait, did you ever try the blonde ones?
He's going to say shark.
Did you try the blonde ones?
He's going to answer shark here.
I'm stupid.
No, I'd honestly say birthday cake's probably up there.
Like, I am a huge fan of these,
but they had some Game of Thrones ones last year.
But they kind of made, it was like double chocolate or something.
I got into Elite.
I'm a huge Thrones fan.
Oh, God, you and I are going to start talking shows now.
Ooh, big stones.
No, that's probably the one that I remember the most anyways.
I'm straight up, though. Like, I'll have most anyways. I'm straight up though. I'll have regular
double stuff, like anything Oreo,
I'll eat. I got one hockey question
before I throw it over to the guys.
I remember the second part to my question just
came to me. You ended up getting traded in your
last year junior over the Red Deer
Rebels, and Brunt Sutter's there, correct?
Yeah. Still the
head coach. I mean, he's
a pretty hardcore old school individual now
spending that little time with that team and then making a little bit of a playoff run. I believe
you guys got knocked out in the third round of playoffs. How much did that impact your career
and prepare you for pro hockey? Massively. He was huge for that. Like you said, more of an old
school coach. My original coach was Mark Lamb in Supreme who won a cup
with Edmonton and he was old school as well.
It's just a
different kind of feel because nowadays in the NHL
you always hear about coaches having
problems with that kind of style.
What's the new guys? What's the younger guys
coming up?
The old school style, as you guys know,
Brent was pretty low key with me. He was really
good.
Not really anything too crazy until playoffs that year.
I remember he kind of came after me pretty hard.
I deserved it.
I mean, I needed it.
I think it was against Calgary.
And, you know, that prepared me pretty well for my career.
How do you feel about that?
Some of these kids not able to, you know, take the coaches being a little bit hard
and teaching accountability. Because I say it all the time my favorite coaches now that look back are
the ones that there was a little bit of fear in me i was walking i wouldn't say walking on eggshells
but you know i was at the rink and i was prepared and i didn't want to get caught slipping where
nowadays i mean these some of these kids are a little soft and they're not used to getting yelled
at like that and then they kind of curl into a shell where maybe if you weren't as used to it,
I'm sure you'd have conversations with your old man.
He's like, hey, that's what it's going to take.
Those guys are trying to prepare you for the next level.
Yeah, exactly.
And that's the perfect point, too, is whenever I did have problems with it,
especially when I was younger, that's what I'd go through with my dad.
And I think I agree with you.
Those are the best coaches because they're straight up with you.
They're honest.
And you usually know when it's coming to.
You usually know when, I guess, the soup's coming down.
It's just the way it is.
But how I feel about some of the young guys, yeah,
like usually college kids, honestly.
Like college guys, I just not them.
I mean, we've got a lot of them on our team,
but that's usually what I hear anyways in that front. But I get asked about it nowadays, I mean, we've got a lot of them on our team, but that's usually what I hear anyways in that front.
But I get asked about it nowadays, I guess, here and there, how to deal with it.
Because I deal with it really well.
And that's how my coaches have been ever since junior.
That's just how it is.
What's your relationship with Bruce Cassidy?
He seems like kind of a straight shooter, maybe not as much as a hot guy as an old school guy,
but he seems to be pretty direct.
He certainly is with the media.
Yeah. No, he's a he's pretty straight shooter he uh um met him i think the first time i ever had an encounter with him was my first ever training camp and he told me at the fourth line
hand so um you know he's kind of got that dry sense of humor to him in a way but definitely
a good coach i think the the biggest thing that I learned about him was this year
was just the adjustments that he makes.
I think that I was on the top power play unit pretty much,
I'd probably say the majority of the year last year.
And just to see how he talks to those guys
and then goes and talks during video meetings and that kind of stuff,
I think there's a reason why he's such a good coach for us.
But, you know, there's definitely some times where I don't get his humor in a way.
So I kind of feel bad putting you on the spot.
We do this a lot when we're asking teammates of legends in the game what they're like.
But give me your first reaction and kind of memory of meeting Patrice Bergeron.
And is there anything memorable that he said or did for you your first year
that really just kind of reminded you how special that guy is?
I think it's his presence.
I remember the first time, just his presence around.
I mean, it sounds kind of cheesy, but it's true.
I think he introduced himself and said if I needed anything to go through him.
You're like, yeah, driving lessons?
Yeah, I should have passed that on.
Get my insurance premiums.
Yeah, it's a great call.
Boys, where were you?
I needed that. We got you now, buddy. We got you now. I'll ask passed that. Take my insurance premiums. Yeah, it's a great call. Boys, where were you? I needed that.
We got you now, buddy.
We got you now.
I'll ask him tomorrow.
I'll take Fergie.
I need some help, man.
Can you get me a State Farm deal or something?
Yeah, Jake from State Farm.
I'd ask you if you're nervous going into your contract year,
but we already know you're taking a team-friendly deal
because you're part of that cult over there in Boston.
Do they brainwash you guys during video sessions or something?
Just coming from a different organization,
I want to know how it all works over there in Boston.
It seems like I'm getting that question a lot, to be honest,
but I'm not sure.
I don't know what it is.
How I feel about contract negotiations, I haven't even.
I'm wired differently.
I'm just here to play hockey.
I mean, like you said, I guess we've got a cult here.
So that's how it is, man.
Just playing out the year, trying to win.
Well, I will say I haven't often seen stats like yours from one year to the other.
First year you go 16-27 for 43 points.
Well, this year you add one more assist, it would have been the same thing backwards.
You went 27-15 for 42, which is way better going into country you'd rather have the 27 goals 15 assists than the other
way around so i'm sure you're fired up to this year to just kind of build on that goal scoring
that's just getting better and better and was there anything this summer you tried to really
concentrate on even though it was a real short one uh yeah like uh there's a couple different
things like whether it's training or are on ice and i
think the biggest thing for me is skating i think that when i i'm skating fast and using my speed
it's when i generate the most chances so i tried to really focus on that and i mean that's
overall you ask any guy that's the biggest thing now is the game speed um so that was probably the
biggest thing that i focused on but also just finishing in tight. I did a lot of, I guess, goalie sessions with Dustin Schwartz
who's the goalie coach for the Oilers.
And shot on some goalies
like Carter Hart and a couple other
prospects pretty much the whole summer that I had.
And every time that I do that
I usually find that I get decent results.
Shooting against guys like that, kind of in tight stuff.
That's where I get all my goals. It's pretty much
in front of the net. Whether it's tips or
quick rebounds. I feel like that if I can fine-tune that then i'll have more success
jake we just mentioned bergeron i wanted to ask the first time you come in the room you got
normally bergeron char a whole bunch of other other veterans in there is that intimidating
the first time you become a part of the room it's like a kind of like a speak unless you
don't speak unless you've spoken to type of situation?
Yeah, no, it's true.
I mean, that's natural to feel like that.
I mean, now seeing guys come in for the first time, it's kind of crazy to know what they're, I guess,
going through when they first meet everybody or see everyone because he's hard to miss.
He's six foot nine, and you go talk to him.
He actually calls me Lou.
He fought my dad.
He fought my dad.
No way. How'd that one go i there's no video of it there's no video of it but we had a father's trip
and we talked about it and i don't know still what happened so i think my dad either got
dusted or nothing really happened in the fight because my dad's side of the story is that he
like you know he was grappling with him or whatever and he got him in a good spot and then he starts throwing absolute bombs but he's hitting nothing but air and so
then he was like i'm in trouble like i gotta pretty much go down because i can't hit this guy
and so the fight ended up not really i guess happening there's no video of it but z calls
me lou so that made me feel more comfortable i think the the best thing with those guys when
you first come in is it's not what you think. Everyone's
here for the right reasons and everyone wants
to help each other have success for the team.
And so you can go from Bergie
to Z, even Bax,
Kretsch, like all the leaders in the room. It's
intimidating. Once you talk to them, I usually
get pretty comfortable pretty quick.
I got one. This is more informational
for people listening and I'm more
curious than anyone. This Julia Honky kid, you play with him in Swift Current.
Offensive defenseman.
I played actually against him in the American Hockey League.
Very silky defenseman.
Hasn't really been able to fully adjust to the NHL level
and play his game up to his ability.
Now, there is rumors that he might go over to the Montreal Canadiens.
Fuck, in the meantime of this interview,
he might have already gotten moved over.
But what should people know about him
who haven't already heard about him in the NHL world?
Yeah, I played, I want to say, a year.
Yeah, just a year with Honk.
Good guy.
He didn't know much English at the time, to be honest with you.
But the one thing he did know was McDonald's
because that's where we usually go.
We usually hung out there.
Like you said, though, a silky player, really offensive.
He can make plays and see the ice at an NHL level, I believe.
I'm not too sure exactly what his situation is right now.
I haven't talked to him in a while, to be honest with you.
But definitely a good player, definitely a good offensive defense
and a good first pass.
Sometimes there's a little risk there, obviously, with players like that.
I love that.
Tweet it, Grinelli.
Liability defensively, but good offensively from Jake DeBrusque.
No.
No, he's solid and humor defensively.
I just haven't seen him play.
Yeah, no, I'm just busting your balls.
Oh, we love it.
Well, you know what, dude?
This was an awesome interview.
We had a blast with you
and i think everyone listening will be able to tell when you say the guys always give you shit
that's usually they give that to the guy they love so you're a guy that's all about the boys
for the boys junior hockey guy thanks for coming so thanks for uh being a guest on the show dude
we appreciate it very much yeah thanks for having me on it was lots of fun now saying that was there
one thing that you thought you were going to get asked about
that you wanted to talk about to end this thing off?
Maybe a funny story or no?
No pressure.
Funny story.
I just thought maybe sometimes
There's another Oreo flavor, actually, I didn't bring up.
No, yeah.
Yeah, another Oreo.
No, to be honest, I think I'm okay.
I mean, I think I cleared my name, but in a sense, I don't know if I can even tell the stories.
If you know what I'm saying.
I hear you, buddy.
You're more being a good punching bag, not the guy in the middle of the room telling
the funny stuff.
But then when I do, it's a really fun one.
Okay.
I just got to figure that out.
All right.
So that'll be when we have beer sometimes.
Yeah.
All right, buddy.
Yeah, I'm down.
All right.
Thank you very much.
Good luck this year, dude.
That interview was also brought to you by Can I Brands.
As you know, Can I Brands is a CBD company creating all natural hemp-derived products for athletic wellness.
Started by athletes, built for performance, and puts wellness at the core of everything they do and stand for.
Whether that's giving your day a boost, getting a better sleep, mending an injury, or refreshing your mind and body,
Can I Brands has a balm, cream, spray, and oils made for you.
We're also excited to announce that Can I Brands is also screening official partners to sell with in store.
So if you are in a gym, health club, spa, or therapy clinic and interested in carrying Can I brands balms creams oils and sprays in your
stores email info at can i brands.com that is info at can i brands which is c-a-n-i-b-r-a-n-d-s.com
to learn more you have to love it you know you want it Go online and hit up www.canibrands.com and use promo code biz20 to receive 20 off your next purchase. Live life feeling amazing and follow Can I Brands on Instagram to stay tuned for upstates and sweepstakes, contests and promotions coming soon. There might even be a contest being announced next week. So keep your eyes on Can I Brands Instagram page for details. Can I Brands, the company behind your favorite all natural CBD creams,
balms, sprays, and oils. Can I Brands, feel amazing.
Huge thanks once again to Jake DeBrus. He's such a character, man. Like I said earlier,
some of these young guys who get on, they're a little reserved, they're a little shy,
and they want to rock the boat, but not that the boat but he was absolutely historical hey biz oh yeah what a silly guy i mean yeah i'd
like to see him in the in the room environment i bet he's a little little less tame yeah really
exactly uh boys fucking rights i ran the goalie we got a we got a wild follow-up. A couple weeks back, we talked about the Sasky Junior Hockey League goalie,
Burke Elliott. He got bundled
trying to play a puck. The guy who did
it got a 25-game suspension.
His name, Yorkton
Terrier, Greg Mulhall, the suspended player.
Well, he popped up on social media
once again, and he had this to say. Mikey,
roll it.
Hey, I'mreg mohal from the
yorkton terriers fucking right there around the belly man fucking right fuck burke burkeland yeah
fuck you and then he was promptly dumped by yorkton yeah and he basically he's not on the
team anymore so he was obviously wasted and some guy went up to him he's like oh what'd you think
of the hit and he's like fucking right and then he just up to him. He's like, oh, what'd you think of the hit? And he's like, fucking right.
And then he just started melting off, and that's it.
Boom, gone.
Donezo.
I hope it was worth the legs, brah.
Yeah, my one buddy texted me about it, and he's like,
this guy's clout chasing.
Oh, he's definitely loving it right now when he hears this,
like, chicken's boys talking about him fucking losing his kick.
Well, no, the guy can't play hockey again.
Well, he's not done forever.
They said he could play next year.
And actually, in a message to the Canadian press on Monday,
the goalie who was hurt, Burke Eliev, said he's focused on recovering
from his injury and hopes to return the ice.
He said, I think what happened on the ice and how he responded
is between him, the hockey gods, and league regulations.
And I trust that the SJHL committee has the capacity to manage that situation
the best way possible.
Wow.
I love the fact he referenced hockey gods in his quote.
That's cool.
I don't think I've ever seen that before.
That's awesome.
So that's obviously his response after he'd seen the video?
Yes, yes.
That was him saying, like, basically, you know,
he's basically summoning the hockey gods in his quote.
If he didn't think the hockey gods,
or if he thought the hockey gods were getting him before this, oh, man.
Absolutely, yeah, they're taking a memo right now.
So, all right, boys, you know what?
We've got to get to the Atlantic preview.
We've had a lot to talk about.
We obviously get fucking jabba-jaw-ritis over here, big shock with us three.
But time to take a look at the Atlantic,
see who we think is going to survive that division this year.
So without further ado, let's go over to the East Coast.
Guys, real quick, remember how you guys were complimenting my shoe game
when we were down in New York?
Well, that was all thanks to GOAT,
who is the global destination for authentic sneakers,
ranging from new releases to rare finds and exclusive drops.
They actually just sent me a pair of the Nike Stranger Things collabs.
So those things are unbelievable.
Goat.com is the safest way to buy and sell authentic sneakers online.
They have thousands of styles from the past and present,
even shoes that are yet to be released.
All are guaranteed to be authentic by Goat, from Yeezys to Jordans to Gucci's goat gives you
access to everything you're looking for. And even those shoes, you didn't even know you had to have
they only work with trusted sellers. And before any shoe is sold, every detail is inspected
from the stitching to the color, to size, to the weight goat ensures every shoe matches exact factory specs with over 15 million users around
the world buying and selling verified shoes every day at goat you'll find exactly what you want at
the best price possible find the perfect 100 authentic sneaker at goat.com slash chicklets
plus you'll also be supporting our show but you've got to go right now before the sneakers you want are gone.
Go to Goat.com slash chicklets.
G-O-A-T.com slash chicklets.
Yeezys, Jordans, even Off-Whites,
if you're going to buy sneakers for a few hundred dollars,
how can you be sure they're the real thing?
Goat.com slash chicklets.
Now, boys, we're going to take a look at the Atlantic Division,
the old Adams Division, even though it doesn't look much like it did 20, 30 years ago.
Only three teams from this division qualified for the postseason last year.
We had five DNQs.
First off, we're going to take a look at the old Tampa Bay Lightning.
They kicked ass and took names all year, won the President's Trophy with 128 points,
which is
21 points more than anyone else and then they were embarrassingly swept in round one by Columbus
huge disappointment uh they have some a few changes they're a contender don't have to make
too many moves they did add Kevin Shattenkirk, Pat Maroon, Curtis McElhinney and Luke Shen
they said bye to JT Miller and Dan Girardi retired. Like, you know, we've
been saying about all these contenders, guys. The
Lightning don't have to make any major changes.
They're right there. They're stacked.
They're the cup fave once again.
But they took it too lightly.
Vasilevsky said, I think we got comfortable
and we just weren't ready in the playoffs. I thought that was
a pretty revealing quote. Whit Dogg,
what do you think they do this year, buddy?
I say look out league but I
also say I don't think it'll be like it was last year and it'll partly be because that was once in
a lifetime type regular season here's the thing like when when is Vasilevsky you said who said
that yes so it's almost impossible to not become complacent when you've clinched the first round
uh first top seed in the in the in the playoffs for the Eastern Conference in what, January?
I mean, they had months of hockey where as hard as you're saying we got to play, we got to be ready for the playoffs,
we got to keep going, got to keep grinding, in your head you know we're locked up.
So it's just a tough thing to deal with.
Now, you can't do anything about it.
You're playing that good, winning all these games early and dominating.
It's like, what are you going to do, change winning all these games games no right but i just don't think that'll happen the way it did last
year so because of that they'll be more ready going in they add shatton kirk who i think it's
looking to prove a lot of people wrong that think he's like not necessarily a really good puck moving
demon anymore and then also in the playoffs you gotta remember headman who's the best defense
in the nhl arguably he's hurt he wasn't able to play. He was really, really hurt, actually, the way he was playing.
So a bunch of horrible things went against them in the playoffs.
It was a dream regular season that ended up turning into a nightmare.
And because of that, when you go through a devastating hard loss like that,
I think that they're going to be driven and ready to just run teams over this year.
Part of the problem I had with them going into playoffs last year
was they hadn't really faced any type of adversity throughout the season so when you're all of a sudden you're
you know you play a certain style and then you get in the playoffs and things do tighten up
tighten up a bit especially when you're playing against a defensive minded torts team who doesn't
give you any square inch out there unless you've earned it they just they got behind the eight ball
and they were unable to adjust and they couldn't figure out how to get through that adversity
because they hadn't done it as a group all season long so going to
this year you said it probably won't be like last year as far as how they dominated throughout the
entire course of the season and that's probably a good thing yeah it really is to me the biggest
question mark is you know i would say that the most drastic thing about that playoff performance
i would say was vasileski i thought he was I mean he didn't even give him a chance to win there really his glove hand was non-existent now of course they
believe in him they think he can get back to to his elite status right away over the course of
the regular season but you've now paid him to guessing that he might be able to flip the switch
on this year so I mean that's got to be the question mark going into the postseason so I mean
we're in a case here where I don't really care what I see
from the regular season out of these guys.
I know they're going to make the playoffs.
I just want to see what's going to happen when they get to the dance.
Part of the reason that it can be somewhat difficult
is that it's such a long time away from playoffs.
So they have to wait so long to really prove people wrong.
And all the guys in the room know, even if we do it again,
everyone's going to say, well, show me what you did
in April. And RA, as I said to
earlier, we know exactly
how they're going to play. They're going to play like the way
they did in last year's regular season.
So it's like, what happens this year
moving forward if they do make playoffs and then you suffer
another early exit where it's like,
yeah, we have a fun team
to watch in the regular season and
analytics and all these other things tells us how great we are.
But when the play tightens up a little bit and it's playoff hockey time,
well, those numbers mean jack shit.
So we'll see.
I mean, they got Braden Point out to start the year,
so that'll be a little tough, right?
I mean, not necessarily, but he does have a hip injury.
I'm sorry, I thought you meant the sign.
Yeah, no, no.
Just signed the other day.
But in terms of off-season hip, I believe hip, right?
So we'll see how they start.
I just think that the coaching staff and everyone on that team realizes,
all right, we know we're going to be in the playoffs.
We're going to play good hockey.
But it's just not going to be like it was last year.
It may never again be like that for a team in the regular season.
And also another thing we're going to see is how is the Pat Maroon experiment going to go because he's a guy where if you look at the way he plays
and his structure and maybe he is slowing down now that he's getting older,
that's a different pace that they play at.
So maybe it will completely benefit them to have a guy who is far
Can cycle.
Yeah, he can cycle and own the walls.
And I really think come playoff hockey time is that where that's where he shines because you know the puck
protection and eating clock and wearing teams down and being physical down low is is a big part of
it I mean we talked to Crosby about it he's he's a he's a skilled guy who's great along the walls
and you have to add that to your bag so I'm going to be interested to see how that pans out.
But I think overall, I mean, Callahan's not playing anymore,
and he wasn't on the best friendly contract for their purposes,
and then they ended up getting rid of JT Miller.
So they've cleared their cap space issues,
and they haven't gotten worse.
That's a better team.
And exclusive of Vassie in the playoffs last year.
They just got out-hustled by Columbus.
I mean, that was a team piss-poor effort.
But I want to ask you, I'll ask you, Biz,
not that a team wants to dial it down.
I mean, obviously you're paid to go full throttle,
but how does a coach almost sort of pull in the reins
so you don't basically blow your load before the playoffs like they did last year?
Well, it's hard because you're trying to teach them the mindset of, yo, we can't let off the gas, and they didn't.
Right, right.
I mean, it's just like
Exactly, yeah.
What are they supposed to do?
They had that thing clinch a month and a half before.
It's the perfect storm.
Yeah.
And that's why I said it's like you can't do anything.
You're going to keep winning, but you're just like, geez, this is like too good to be true.
We haven't lost at all.
You also know it's such a game of like inches and anything. You're going to keep winning, but you're just like, geez, this is too good to be true. We haven't lost at all.
You also know it's such a game of inches and anything.
The littlest thing can change an entire series.
They went up 3-0 in the first period of Game 1 against Columbus.
That was everything.
Say they win that Game 4-1.
Do they go on to sweep them?
It was just this perfect storm that I do not think will happen again.
I love their team again this year.
I think they will not lose in the first round.
Look for them to make a cup run,
and they are my pick to win this division again. It would be an absolute shame
if you put this core group of players together,
and by the time it's all withered away,
because these guys are not getting any younger,
if they were unable to bring a championship home
with that fucking lineup.
They've been a contender for a decade now.
I mean, they had that series versus the Broncos at Stamford.
That was 2011, and they've been pretty much in contention since then.
They have done a wonderful, wonderful job as an organization,
and I hate to bring it here.
You have to imagine that an advantage goes in the fact that they don't pay
state tax, and you just saw it.
I love it.
You just saw it on that.
Compare the contracts.
I believe you showed me that Marner's making 11 in Toronto.
Points, I think, six and a half.
Just under seven.
I think he makes six, seven, five or something.
Either way, the tweet.
And Marner's only taken home a million dollars more than him a year after taxes.
And the cap hits 4 million higher.
Of course you're going to be able to keep this well-structured team together.
It's kind of like the opposite for Toronto.
That's why they're having so many issues.
You're looking at the exact same thing.
Drafted, developed, developeded.
Developeded.
How are you?
That's a tough one.
The double E-D.
Now, because they're living where they are, they're being able to do it,
where Toronto has to fucking make moves in order to keep those guys maybe.
Yeah, so obviously playoffs for them, playoffs for them. No doubt.
Myself as well.
They just got to remember this April how shitty they felt last April
and make sure it doesn't happen again.
Next up, the old Boston Bruins finished up with 107 points.
They had a nice little run for themselves.
A lot of people didn't expect one all the way to Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Final.
So they ran into the shit-kicking Bob of St. Louis Blues, beat him.
Great series.
A couple of new faces for the Bruins, Brett Ritchie, Paul Lindholm.
They said bye to Noah Chari and Marcus Johansson,
who did great for them in the playoffs.
It was a pretty brutal end to an otherwise great season.
I know it's tough to call it a great season when you lose the cup.
Got to Game 7, couldn't solve Binnington in the first period,
and then it was curtains.
But because of that run, the team doesn't really need to make changes.
They brought in a little bit of depth at the bottom.
But the Ds the same, the goalies are the same,
forwards are essentially the same, and the objective is the same.
They've got to go out and do it.
Whitney, what do you think of the Bs here?
I like them again.
It's going to be really hard to come back
from that loss. And when we did talk to
Jake Dabrowski, he mentions, you know, you never
get over it. So it's about beginning a year
that seems like it was so short,
which it was. I mean, your summer goes by in the blink
of an eye and you're back in training camp.
So you wonder how their start will be.
But they're the same
team. I mean, yes, a year older, but
if you look, they got the best line in hockey.
I'd argue that with anyone.
Tuukka Rask and Halak together, I mean, what a tandem that was.
They both were great during the regular season,
and Tuukka was fabulous in the playoffs as well.
So along with getting McAvoy signed,
now Char is 42 years old, so his minutes have taken a drop,
but you saw that he's better off now playing 18 minutes.
He can't do the 25 anymore, which is fine for this team.
Wagner's back. That's a guy.
He's my boy, so I bring him up. I do think
that really fucking hurt them against St. Louis.
He was a guy who would have played the St. Louis
style for the Bruins that whole series.
They didn't have him. I love Corrales.
Their fourth line can be so good.
Those guys can even play up and down the lineup.
They lost Achari on that line, correct?
Yes, they did lose Achari. He's in Florida.
He's in the division.
That's a tough loss.
That is a tough loss.
That is a tough loss. So I just think with the forward unit they have, it comes down to David Krejci in a lot of ways
because you've seen years that he has consistent years where he's getting 65 to 75 points
where the Bruins are dominant because they have that second line.
If he's not good, then they're really kind of a one-line team for scoring.
So I love watching this team play.
I think they're going to be in the playoffs.
I'm definitely picking them in the playoffs.
I don't think they'll win the division.
But it's still going to be really hard because think about how much fell into place for them
last year.
They got to play Carolina in the Eastern Conference Finals.
Tampa lost.
They didn't have to play them.
It was a pretty smooth ride after Game 7 of the first round against Toronto to get to the Conference Finals. Tampa lost. They didn't have to play them. It was a pretty smooth ride after Game 7 of the first round
against Toronto to get to the Cup Finals.
So it's only going to get tougher with teams coming back and getting better.
We'll see if they can get to the Cup again.
But for sure, I think they're going to make the playoffs,
and I think it'll be a fun team to watch.
And look for McAvoy, sorry, but as one more thing, to make a huge step.
This could be the year you're like, whoa.
I mean, they've already seen glimpses of him dominating.
Maybe it's like Norris Trophy candidate type season for Charlie McAvoy.
Rest might be a little bit of a concern of mine going into the season.
Now, would you say Noel Chari was probably the most significant loss of the offseason?
I mean, that fourth line was
Joe Hinton, who they got at the deadline.
Correct, yeah.
They should have had three signs.
But think about this swap.
Charlie Coyle is a guy that they got over in that trade.
He didn't really have a great end to the season last year
when he came over in that move.
But he was unreal in the playoffs.
He struggled offensively, but then he got going in the playoffs.
So you've got to imagine that he's going to have a better performance
in the regular season.
So to me, that's a boost and a fair swap out for Nolichari,
if not even an upgrade.
And, I mean, to me, I never really noticed that Grizzlik until playoff time.
He's an excellent defenseman.
You just got to imagine with Char getting a little bit older, he's going to start getting those minutes.
And once again, you see an organization who does an unbelievable job of drafting, developing guys,
and just grooming them into what they're going to eventually need to be as far as their role on the team.
I mean, Stephen Kamfer is another guy who was pretty solid in playoffs, too.
He didn't really, I mean, he didn't step in much, but I mean, he seems like a guy who's
going to be competent enough to take on some defenseman depth minutes.
So, I mean, this is a very good lineup, and there's a few other forwards who might have
had off years who could still bump it up offensively.
So I think, I mean, I could see this team competing for first in the East.
Yeah, I agree.
Even more so than Tampa.
And I wouldn't be surprised if they reunite Grizzly and McAvoy at some point.
Those guys played together in college.
They kind of know each other well.
There's some chemistry there.
Obviously, McAvoy's with Z right now, but that could happen.
And, Biz, you kind of stole my thunder a little.
Coyle, unbelievable pickup. Like you said, you kind of stole my thunder a little coil.
Unbelievable pickup.
Like you said, he didn't look great in the regular season.
He was their best player in the first round.
Big, versatile.
Cassie can kind of move around.
And Cassie, we've got to give him props.
The job he's done ever since they hired him. Didn't he just get an extension?
Yeah, early in the summer.
I think it was a three-year extension.
He's done an unreal job with this team.
But like I said, it's cup or bust with them again.
What does suck, what you mentioned. it's like when you lose that deep in
the playoffs game seven it's almost like they get somewhat of a cup hangover to benefit right cup
just because they played so much so they gotta bounce back from that as well but yeah i definitely
have them in the playoffs um you know they will you know yeah they were 21 points behind the
tampa last year i don't know if they'll catch him, but I definitely see them top three in the division, no doubt.
So that's a team that's right there.
They're not going anywhere.
I did say quickly, Johansson, once you saw what he signed for,
I remember we were like 2 million a year off.
Yeah.
And then you saw, you're like, wow, they got rid of him.
But having said what you said earlier in the summer was,
you kind of can't doubt Don Sweeney lately.
There were some chirps
given to him early, a couple deals here and there,
but he's made some pretty great moves.
They don't sign Johansson, but you've got to trust your GM.
Where else would they...
You've got to think they gave that money to someone else.
They had to sign McAvoy and Carlos.
Wasn't Danton Heinen
another guy they had to give money to this offseason?
No, he re-signed a two-year deal, I think, the year before.
Or maybe it was Corrali?
I thought it was one of those guys.
It was Carlo.
It was McAvoy and Carlo.
Well, I know, but there was another guy right after the season,
I believe, or in the midst of the summer that they re-signed.
I'm drawing a blank on it, but there was somebody else.
I mean, fuck.
I mean, I know I've said everyone.
Was it Joachim Nordstrom?
They kept somebody back who had a bit of an offseason.
Anyway, we can move on.
Who we got next?
Or just cut that out.
Because I don't sound like an idiot.
Yeah, next up, the Leafs.
They finished up with 100 points last year.
And stop me if you heard this one before,
but they were knocked out in the first round by the Bruins in seven games.
Sorry, Leafs fans.
New faces Tyson Barry, Cody Ceci, Alex Kerfoot, and Jason Spezza.
They said adios to Nazem Kadri, Patrick Marleau, Jake Gardner, Nikita Zaitsev,
Ron Hainsey, Connor Brown, and Tyler Ennis.
That's a lot of changes for a team that was a top three finisher in the division.
About a half dozen regulars gone.
But bringing in Tyson Barry, that was obviously the biggest move to the Leafs.
Quick note, he is scheduled to be a UFA after this season,
but the D was the one area that really needed improvement on that squad.
They went out and they fixed some of it.
Biz, what do you think of the Leafs, brother?
I mean, I think this year might be the year,
and the reason I say that is because after this season,
they've got to realize they're going to either have to pay Tyson Barry
or Morgan Riley, and they're not going to either have to pay Tyson Berry or Morgan Riley and they're
not going to be able to keep them both around they're not going to have the luxury of having
two of the best puck moving defensemen on one team and that takes a lot of pressure off the
power play it takes a lot of pressure off one individual defense and that's got to get the job
done because if it's one not one guy it could be the. I mean, another prime example of that is I had Keith Yandel on my team,
and all of a sudden we draft Oliver Ekman-Larsen,
and next thing you know we got two guys on the back end who can snap it around.
And ask Oliver, as soon as Keith got moved,
all of a sudden all that focus was just on him.
And I'm not saying his play dropped because of it.
It wasn't as easy, though.
But it wasn't as easy, right? uh great luxury for them in the back end i really like that cody cc um uh move
because i think that he's going to be playing playing where he should be as opposed to in
ottawa where it's like oh well he thinks he's worth this much it's like well he's a he's a
solid defenseman when used right he's not like he's not he's not the tyson berry he's not the just because he's going to make a little bit more because he was your only solid defenseman when used right. He's not the Tyson Berry.
Just because he's going to make a little bit more because he was your only competent defenseman,
well, you can't hold that against him.
Just play him where he should.
So I really like their back end.
I love their goaltending.
And as far as up front, man, there's a lot to prove for those big boys.
They got, I mean, there's a few other guys that could take the heat off of them.
That Kapanen kid's pretty silky.
I think they got him on a very fair deal.
I mean, especially if you look at what the kids signed for moving from Winnipeg to Pittsburgh.
Tanev.
Tanev.
Yeah.
I mean, I think they got the same amount of money.
And this Kapanen can fucking play.
Three years, 9.6 mil.
Yeah, he got 3 million.
That's a nice tag for him. So
luckily they were able to sneak him in on a fair deal
and those types of guys are going to have to
pull the weight because they got
they weren't able to spread the money
much around considering they have a few
guys making, what,
at least a little below 11 million
dollars. 11.6, 11.10,
8. If those guys can bring what they thought
they were worth
then i think i see no problem with this team i i mean it's going to be the same top three in that
division this year as it was last year so you you brought up uh i think neilander is going to have
a huge year mark my words i think he's going to have you think he's got a lot to prove he's got
a chip on his shoulder and from what i've heard um i mean even even talking to Austin Matthews a little bit, he's hungry.
Okay, so you brought up Kapanen.
I think that diehard Leafs fans understood,
but a lot of people around the league who don't follow them as intensely
as people from Toronto and people from all over that are Leafs fans,
is they realize that as important as it was to get Marner re-signed
and back on this team, Kapanen and Andreas Janssen were dynamite last year, and that's the depth.
And, Biz, you bringing up what they got those guys to sign deals for,
I think three, three and a half, whatever it is,
those are the guys that will make this offense really tick
because they can get 20, 25 each.
And all of a sudden, you're really taking pressure off the guys.
You brought this up, but it was a great point.
Having said all that, the big three guys,
Kyle Dubas promised a couple years ago or a year ago
that they were getting Nylander, Matthews, and Marner signed,
and he did it.
And it was an up-and-down, up-and-down battle,
and it looked at times like it wouldn't happen,
two of them being not long but holdouts.
So it ended up happening, so now pressure's on.
Well, guess what?
I think Austin Matthews wins the MVP this year.
I don't think the pressures wins the MVP this year.
I don't think the pressure isn't necessarily on this year as far as,
well, because those deals haven't kicked in, it's next year when they have.
Well, I guess Marner's has already kicked in because he was off his entry level,
but Matthews wasn't.
Now the money that those guys took is all in effect,
whereas now they're not going to be able to put as much around them because of how quote-unquote greedy they were in taking a lot of money and digging away at the salary cap.
Then it's like, okay, you wanted it, and now you've got to fucking carry the team on your own
because you didn't want any money to spread it around a little bit.
Yeah, it's well said.
I think Matthews is going to be a man possessed this year
i think you're looking at a guy who can get 100 points 40 goals 60 assists if not more goals i
just this is a year where you i picture him completely dominating even more so than he has
in the past and the one weird thing is that they had a sick start to last year i mean first half
of the year they were on the best teams league and then they really limped into the playoffs.
It got ugly down the stretch,
and they lose the first round.
So they're going to figure out a way
to have to be consistent the entire regular year.
That was another reason why everyone was pretty hard
on Nylander, too,
is things were going really well when he wasn't around,
and it just so happens he comes back,
he wasn't playing well,
all of a sudden the team's not playing well,
and you know when things aren't going well in Toronto,
they've got to have a whipping boy,
and it just so happens it was the wrong or the wrong year to sit out and uh demand
more more money and if you're gonna question anything it's cadre's a tough loss and the guy
took the dumbest penalties in the playoffs but he was he was great for them and he was a guy that
was hard to play against we've said it a million times on here someone's gonna have to step up and
be a replacement and i know they did get Janssen and Kaepernick resigned,
but Connor Brown played some good minutes for them as well.
He's gone.
He's in Ottawa, part of that whole Zaitsev-Ceci stuff.
So we'll see what happens.
But they're in the playoffs for me, all three of those teams.
Toronto definitely could take another step this year
and maybe finally get by Boston.
Another thing, too, is they've been drafting and developing pretty well
in the Toronto organization.
There could be
a couple young guys who also step up
and make impacts. I've
heard that
Nicholas Pattan has had a pretty good
camp there. I don't know what type of role he
would be in up there, but
it seems like a type of organization
where they like those
good second to third liners in the
American League who are very responsible and able to chip in offensively
but yet be very responsible and not take many risks offensively.
And hey, if he's the type of guy who can skate well,
that's the kind of players Babs likes on his fourth line.
Even though last year ended terrible for him,
I thought one silver liner was the player Freddie Anderson.
He had a much, much better playoffs last year than he did the previous year i mean that game seven was two to one going on the third period broins
went up three one then they got two empty netters so i mean he played great last year i think that
was maybe a concern well for some people going into the year i don't think that's so much of a
question mark in a year but i think all the pressure this year is on dubas because i don't
think he was able to get those guys signed for what he would have liked.
He probably thought it was going to be a little lower.
Yeah, and I would say that he didn't lose in negotiations,
but I think using the word bullied around is a little aggressive too.
He just got the short end of the stick.
So now he definitely has some work to do moving forward after this year.
But, hey, if they can go on a run and win it this year,
all the pressure's off.
I mean, you locked your core group in,
and you're overpaying them a little bit,
and you've got maybe a little championship.
And Morgan Riley, 20 goals, 52 assists last year.
They might go down a little bit with Barry in the mix,
so you're not necessarily the big, always offensive guy.
There'll be times Barry's out there instead of him or together.
But still, what a season he had to need him to continue that.
And then last thing, sorry about the Leafs and we'll move on,
is another question is Babcock.
Is this guy going to stay stubborn when it comes to the postseason
and not letting his players play?
Ultimately, at the NHL level, and it was mentioned in the Sean Burke interview,
is you can prepare as much as you want, but
and who's  is it Sean McAvey, the coach for the LA Rams?
He said sometimes you almost  like he did it for the Super Bowl.
He said, I overprepared, and I got away from like what like the basics were.
Like you do for most games, yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
And then you're questioning yourself, and it's almost like too much.
So, I mean, fuck, they got to just let the Matthews and the Marner
and those guys play them the fucking 21, 22 minutes,
especially in elimination games.
And if your best players couldn't get it done,
then your best players just couldn't get it done.
Stop trying to overthink things.
I mean, I remember in that final game, I mean,
although the fourth line did play well,
I think Tyler Ennis had just as much ice time as Austin Matthews.
It's like, what are you doing?
Yeah, it's almost like, well, we talked to Nick the other day,
literally asked him to compare Bowman and Babcock.
And he didn't use the word micromanager, but that's basically who he does.
He kind of overdoes it and, like, has to be in every little thing.
And, no, you've got to delegate a little bit more.
So, yeah, good.
That's a good point.
And he's stubborn.
If it's somebody else's idea, Babcock's stubborn.
And remember, after that playoffs, he didn't really take any of the criticism.
He didn't take any of the blame.
And I'm not saying it necessarily is his fault,
but it's just like as a leader of the team, because as a coach you have to be.
It's not just the captain.
You have to be a leader.
You have to assume some of the responsibility,
especially in a situation where it's like,
hey, everybody in the media is telling you to play your stars more
because that's obvious.
Now you're kind of not doing it to spite us.
It's like, well, fuck, are you a good coach
or are you just fucking stubborn?
Yeah, we'll have to get Commie back at his opinion.
But either way, all three of us have the Leafs back in the playoffs.
All right, boys?
Yep.
All right, next up, we're on to the did-not-qualifies from this division.
First up, Montreal.
They finished with 96 points.
New faces in town for them.
Keith Kincaid, Ben Sherratt, Nick Cousins.
They said bye to Andrew Shaw and Jordy Benn.
The Habs just missed out on a spot last year, only two points out.
They didn't really make any major moves over the summer,
and they're in a super-tough division. And, dude, Carey Price started 64 spot last year, only two points out. They didn't really make any major moves over the summer, and they're in a super tough division.
And dude, Carey Price started
64 games last year, the most he started
in four games. I don't think Claude Julian
had much confidence in Anthony Niemi,
who had a really rough year, so he needed to
ride Price probably more than he wanted to.
He will have Kincaid this year.
Canadians, they have a solid, if
unspectacular roster.
Whit, let's go to you first.
Well, it was a very surprising year.
I don't think anyone thought that they'd be in the hunt for the playoffs as long as they were.
You look at what could have been this summer,
and getting Ajo to sign that offer sheet was so big to get a forward like that in there
and someone to help the power play.
Their power play stinks, and you need to have a good power play.
I've talked about this since we started Chicklets,
and they don't have one.
So the question and the ability to try to get him in,
there was a great chance.
But Carolina, of course, matched that one.
I think the team is, like, they don't have a game breaker, right?
Like, Max Domi had a sick season.
That was awesome.
And Tatar even was solid.
But they don't have that elite upper echelon player that Toronto, Boston, Tampa all have.
And even Florida.
They don't have a couple players that the Panthers have.
So I don't think they're going to get in.
I know I'm saying that early.
But it should be an improvement from last year.
And Price being as good as he was shows that those injury scares are over.
He was dominant again.
But there's just some things there that you question.
The one player I do love is Koktaniemi.
I can't even say his name.
But 18 last year, I mean, there was times he looked like he was ready to play a bigger role than he already was at such a young age.
Jesperi?
Jesperi Kokkaniemi.
So love his game.
Love some of the young guys coming out.
Petrie, one of the most underrated defensemen in the league.
He had a monster season.
We talked to Gallagher.
He's 30 goals, I think, two or three years in a row now.
So there are some skill.
It's a tough building to play in.
And with that goal, you'll always be in the hunt.
But I just think in that division, in that conference overall,
I don't know if they could score with a lot of other teams.
I mean, I like how they're going in one direction.
It seems as if, though, they're just going for a high-flying,
good skating offense.
I mean, they're not a very big team up front,
and that would be my concern for them going into playoffs
is because as much as analytics and everyone's talking about the game
is going towards more skill, they have a way different makeup than, let's say,
a team like the St. Louis Blues.
I mean, look at the top of their lineup.
Max Domi, although he plays bigger than his size,
Thomas Tatar, Druin, Dano, Gallagher, Shaw.
These are small guys.
I mean, they added Nick Cousins in the offseason.
I would say nine of their 12 forwards are under the height of six feet, right?
So, like I said, I like the way they're built.
I think they work extremely hard together.
And then it doesn't hurt when you've got a guy like Carey Price
at the back of the net.
But like you said, it's hard for them to keep up
if they can't have more elite scorers on their team.
But they do have some young guys on that team that are set to break out.
And if that can happen and they can all tug on the rope together,
there is a slight chance to get in.
I'm going to say that this year is not the year.
I don't think they're going to get in the playoffs.
I think they will be close again like they were last year.
For the teams we've talked about already in this division,
there's not much change, right?
We talked about very minor things for the most part.
But you look at Montreal and then you look at some guys who are going to come up and get chances. division there's not much change right we talked about very minor things for the most part but you
look at Montreal and then you look at some guys who are going to come up and get chances this
Ryan Poehling American kid from Minnesota he's a first rounder in 2017 played in one game last
year after college had a hat trick so he's already had a sick preseason he looked great in the
exhibition games and in the practice sessions I've been reading about that that's a first round talent
up front who biz you talked about the size he he's 6'3", 6'2".
So you're looking at someone there that could really come in, and what if he's a rookie
who can get 20, 20 and 20, be a sick year, that's adding offense that they didn't have
last year.
So there are some really good things there.
The question being that Weber and Price are getting a little older as they do have some
of these young guys coming in, so when can they really get to become that team that could take a next step and compete for a cup?
Is it going to be four years when those guys are too old?
I don't know.
It's just not enough depth for me to get them into the playoffs this year.
But I think it'll be another down-to-the-wire type thing where they're fighting late into the season and not easy to get wins against.
I'm excited to see Shea Weber again back for a a full season he missed the start of the year last year coming
off that knee injury i think he's set to have a big year and i can't man i i when when big trades
happen especially with some players that some people like more maybe more than others but like
going back to that pk suban trade i i don't i don I don't crown Nashville the winner of that trade anymore.
Do you remember how fucking hyperbolic all the media were being about that?
Like it was the worst trade to go down in NHL history.
Yeah, it was a lot.
Shea Weber is still a world-class defenseman.
He played in 58 games last year.
He had 33 points.
The guy, I mean, in a full season, I could see him easily getting 20 with that shot.
He has a fucking cannon.
He's Sheldon Suray of this generation.
Obviously, I think he's a little bit more well-rounded,
but no offense, Sheldon, I still love you.
But this guy is, I would say, just as good as PK still.
No, he adds different things to his game than what maybe PK does.
I mean, I don't think PK's a bad leader. I think he's
a great teammate.
But, I mean, Shea Weber's also a leader.
He brings another element that
maybe PK doesn't on a greater level.
So, I mean, both
great defensemen, don't get me wrong, but
put some respect on my
man's name. Starting the year
with him fully healthy, his huge, like you said,
the banged up
knees this is the first time he's coming into a season pretty 100 basically and he's a monster i
know he's 34 he's still a beast out there huge up both ends of the ice and the highest paid forward
jonathan drew in five and a half million a year for another they have a well-rounded team you
know but he's i think this is still still comes some consistency issues remember down in tampa
looked like he finally kind of arrived and you know and Stevie White got rid of him at the right time and made the trade.
I don't know if he's the guy to lead this team offensively.
I'd like to see more of him, more consistency.
I don't know, man.
Not to knock the guy.
I have nothing against him.
I just feel like I don't know if he's got that burning desire.
I think he's kind of like my way or the highway type thing.
Because like you said, some games he'll just disappear.
I believe a few times last year the media was getting on him a little bit
because he struggled.
I mean, for what they expected.
They need him to break out.
Look at his  he was the third overall pick, right?
Third overall pick.
And I'm not saying that Stevie Y saw what it was and realized,
hey, this is not one of the guys that we need to keep around
because he had to make decisions on skill guys.
Tyler Johnson.
And he probably saw some cracks in his game
and he still hasn't improved on those mistakes.
So right now, great move by Tampa.
I don't think he's regretting it much.
So playoffs or not for the Canadiens, Biz?
I say no, and that's no disrespect to them.
I just think they have some moves to make, and they're getting better.
Whit, you already said no.
I said no.
All right.
I think, honestly, I mean, having seen Claude coach for years with Boston,
that guy can get a lot out of a Ross that you might not think he can.
And I think, honestly, bringing in Kincaid, I mean,
Niemi was bad last year.
And bringing in Kincaid, I think that's going to be an improvement.
So they might be able to get better goaltending overall
because Price won't have to play as much.
I think Price is going to have a big year.
I got the Habs in.
They were just out last year by a little.
I think they just got to improve somewhat.
I got the Habs in the playoffs.
I have this philosophy that sometimes star goalies like Carey Price,
well, I mean, I talked to Curtis Joseph about it
because we ended up meeting for coffee for a few hours.
And one thing that he said was he loved being the guy.
So it's like, I'm not saying he would want his backup to struggle,
but like when Niemi wasn't playing good, they looked at Carey like,
yo, you got to win all your games.
And last year, Carey Price was back to Carey Price, right?
So, I mean, I'm not saying that if they get Kincaid in there
that if he's playing well it might fuck things up.
But, you know, sometimes goalies, you know,
it's in the back of the mind a little bit if you're under a little pressure.
He's been around.
Maybe not a guy you want to be fucking burning out with 60, 65 starts
if you don't have to.
So, all right, I got them going in the playoffs.
You two don't.
Next up, the team a lot of people are talking about the Florida Panthers they finished up last year at
86 points lots of new faces in this city Sergei Bobrovsky big signing Annette Nola Chari big on
the bottom six Brett Conley Anton Stroman they said goodbye to Roberto Luongo who retired and
James Reimer left for other pastures uh the one big addition, though, doesn't wear a uniform,
and that's probably Joe Quenville.
Him and Dale Tallent, they're going to try to recreate some of that midway magic
they did in Chicago down in South Florida.
Also, a whole new tandem in that.
Bobrovsky, obviously, the start of this.
Samuel Montembeau is going to be backing him up.
And that's, I think, what killed the Panthers last year was goaltending.
And all due respect to Roberto, Hall of Fame and all that, but it was a rough year for the Panthers and that if they got
you know uh averaged uh you know better than average goaltending they might have been the
playoff so let's go to you first what's Florida gonna do with your boy Yance this is my team
along with Dallas where a lot of people are kind of saying look what these two are gonna do well
I'm on board with both of them I love I. I love what they've done there, and it starts with Quenville.
The guy knows how to win.
He's done it everywhere he's ever been.
And now they have a guy behind the bench there.
And I think the guys really liked  what was his name last year?
Buda.
Yeah, Doug Buda.
Just drawing a blank here.
Spent a long week.
But now it's just a guy who's been so proven and won Stanley Cups.
And if you look at barcob and
huberdo i mean that's those 90 point guys now and those probably aren't going to change at all
they had trocek out for a long time he's sick i've been saying how long for how long this guy is how
good he's been for a long time i saw him in the ahl the story's been told a million times he's a
gamer he competes like an animal can score can set guys set guys up. I mean, I gave Fetronil a hard time with the Bruins.
He's got no vision.
He got 24 last year.
So he's not going to get you a ton of assists,
but with that shot, he's going to be able to score.
Yandel on the back end, 62 points, probably his best year at a pro.
He told me he doesn't get hit, doesn't hit anyone.
Suck on that, everyone.
And he told me he feels great.
I think he's going to have another monster season.
What I really like about the moves there, along with Quenville,
is that they bring in three guys that don't jump out to anyone.
But think of how good every team that they've been on have been.
Anton Strahlman, when he's in New York, they were great.
Great skater, too.
They were great.
The guy can move.
He's getting older, but still, that's a depth guy that can help defensively.
He's not the same player that he was originally early in his Tampa career.
Doesn't have the same role, though, now.
Exactly.
Brett Conley.
Oh, yeah.
That guy was a high pick, and it didn't work out at the beginning.
Well, now he's turned into this third-
Utility player.
Yeah, and he can kind of play up and down a lineup,
and you could stick him on the third line, know he's pretty defensively he'll get you 15 goals if not more that's a big
addition and then the other one we talked about when the Bruins came up as a chari so now they
got that sandpaper and grit and Mackenzie Weger doesn't have to worry about fighting him he just
has to worry about getting pranked by Foley so the team is just up and coming and then last year
people said they could make the playoffs goaltending Luongo what a career he't have it anymore. I think that everyone was kind of aware watching him. He
was battling through injuries. He was getting older. Well, Bobrovsky is, I said what Keith
said before, the hardest work he's ever seen. One of the top goalies in the league. Inconsistency
has been somewhat of a factor, but maybe he's out to prove that he is a true, true superstar number
one after getting that deal. He's got the Veznas to prove it.
And one more guy I want to mention is Henrik Bjorkstrm.
So this guy dominated college hockey.
And last year, he was up and down.
I mean, he ended up playing 50 games, 18 points.
But this is someone that if you talk to people within Florida,
Scouts, and GM, oh, they're planning on this guy being a 60-point guy.
I'm not saying necessarily this.
Another Barkov?
No, not that good.
Not necessarily saying 60 points this year.
They're saying he's going to turn into a dominant 30-goal scorer in the NHL.
That's a fucking nice little second-line player right there.
They believe that.
Matheson skates like the wind.
You saw the big deal he got.
People were surprised.
Jan said he's a freak.
He doesn't drink, and he just lifts weights for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
That's all he does with his life.
Whit, you fucking covered it all.
Holy shit.
I know because I'm fired up for this team.
And I just think that even if they had all these pieces
and Bobrovsky, the addition there,
you'd still think of like, I don't know, the Panthers.
It's such a battle.
The fans aren't there.
But Quenville.
All right, you said it.
It's like making an impact with a coach like that.
Fuck, if Trotz can get the Islanders into the playoffs,
what is Quenville going to do with the skill on this team?
And apparently he got in and saw Barkov and just said, holy shit.
So it's a fun  it's going to be a fun season, and I'm very excited.
And the one guy I didn't mention, I'm sorry, Biz, I keep going,
is Hoffman.
Because Hoffman, you heard the issues in Ottawa, off-ice shit.
Well, there's nothing going on down there besides him just sniping.
Yeah, the boys like him too.
I love this club, and they are my fourth team from this division.
I had four in the Metropolitan to make the playoffs.
I guess I'll chase it with I agree.
I think they're going to make playoffs.
That's why I didn't have Montreal in.
I mean, as I said, you covered most of it.
They've added so many reasons why I believe they're going to make the playoffs,
and you mentioned them, the big signings.
But last year they dealt with some injuries.
I know they had a bad one with Tro trochek he ended up missing some significant games and he's he's um how who would i compare him to on another team he's kind of that uh
he's kind of i mean tenant does it all out there he's kind of he's similar like a cadre where he'll
mix it up a little bit he just adds that that secondary scoring, and he's just a gamer,
just finds a way to get it done.
So if they're able to avoid injury, and another thing was
is they had a lot of third period.
They've given up the lead the most in the third period all last year.
They struggled.
They couldn't keep the puck out of their net.
They couldn't get that big save, and if Wabrowski can provide that, I think they're going to
I mean, they could even be at the top of that conference.
That's how much of a swing this team has had in momentum.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
You mentioned Collingman.
He's a guy  he really found his game in D.C.
He bounced around.
He went from Tampa to Boston.
He didn't do a lot there.
He found his game there, and now he's getting paid down in Florida.
Me, I think the goalies are going to be a lot better. The quen do a lot there. He found his game there and now he's getting paid down in Florida. Me, I think the goalies
are going to be a lot better. The Quinnville factor is
there. I got the Panthers back in the
playoffs with this squad. What do you guys say?
I'm in. I said I'm in. I'm in, baby.
Abiz, what did you say? Oh, yeah.
Alright, we got three for three on Florida.
And next up, boys, we have the old
Buffalo Sabres. They had 76
points last year. New faces in
town. Jimmy Veazey, Marcus Johansson, and Colin Miller.
They said adios to Alexander Nylander.
This is a team that got out of the gate hot last year
until our boy Grinelli put the whammy on them.
Then they sank like a stone.
Secondary scoring I think is going to be an issue for them this year.
In net, they got Carter Hutton and Linus Ulmark.
Presumably we'll both get a crack at number one.
Whitney, what do you got on the Sabres, buddy?
Old Chippewa Street.
What a place.
Buffalo Sabres hockey is coming back, and people are excited for good reason.
Now, I'm going to be positive about the Sabres right now,
and I'm going to give Sabres fans and whoever else is listening reason to really believe.
D-Corps.
Look at the D- great depth okay so you're
gonna look at a team with dalin who that rookie season guys that was sick very 44 points didn't
miss a game i mean that's an 18 year old d man watch this year it's even better and then you look
and risk the line and there's questions does he want to be out of there well he's there right now
montour i loved bringing him over colin miller has a great candidate to get him on the power play
you did play with Silky Silky he has a fucking bomb bomb now Jake McCabe that's a defensive
defenseman who can add a little bit of offense but he's a young player as well 24 he's getting
a little bit older but you also see that he can make a big impact play in 20 minutes, 20 plus minutes.
Bogosian's hurt to start the year. Hopefully he's able to come
back and get involved, but they do have
a solid decor. It's much improved.
You then look at
the up front and
what Eichel's been able to do, and he continues
to improve, and Sam Reinhardt took
that step. It was a huge season
for him to make believers out
of people who maybe wondered,
I don't know if this kid can be an elite offensive player. 65 points without missing a game,
you can think that he could step up even a little bit more this year. And the other thing is,
if you look at young guys, because they're always in it with a team like Buffalo and
struggled after kind of a misleading 10 and 0 run right early in the year, you're going to see new
players step in. One of these guys, I've already seen in the year, you're going to see new players step in.
One of these guys, I've already seen the preseason.
He had two goals the other night, Victor Olofsson.
The reason I'm able to talk about him is because when I went over to Modo
and before my enormous retirement that sent Swedish media into shockwaves,
I was a teammate of his.
I don't know how old he was then.
He must have been 17, 18 then.
This kid's shot is a joke.
It's like Mike Hoffman's.
One of the best snapshots I've ever seen.
So he came up last year, played six games,
four points. So he's going to get a chance
to play on one of, I think, one of the at least top
three lines this year. He can score.
You'll see the questions being
when you get to goal. Well, actually,
the first challenge for Buffalo is that the division is so good.
So look at these teams you're going to have to beat on a regular basis
and leapfrog to get into the playoffs.
So Florida got really good.
They improved a ton while already having three of those top teams,
Boston, Toronto, Tampa.
So the division being so strong really hurts Buffalo.
But they got a new coach.
Ralph Kruger, I love him. I had the guy
in Edmonton. He got screwed over by them when he was fired via Skype. The story's been told a bunch
of times, but he believes in this team. He's a positive thinker. He's going to continue to be
on guys, but in a way where they really want to play for him. He's all about positivity. He's all
about being a family. He'll talk to you straight up about anything, and he'll let you know where you stand.
He'll let you know what he needs out of you.
There's no questions coming from players.
So he's going to make a big difference.
They've had, you know, I think with Phil Housley,
there was a lot of issues in terms of how the team played,
the systems, while also the lineups
and who he chose to use in certain points.
And then, you know, as you get older,
and you're a star, superstar-type type player I'm looking at Eichel
I'm looking at Darlene the league becomes easier year by year and in in that I'm saying the travel
becomes easier to deal with you know how to pace yourself you know how to play against certain
players a little bit differently it's when you're at that top-end talent, the first and second overall type picks
that these guys are, every year is a little bit easier.
So Eichel's going to be what?
I think this will be his fifth year, fifth-year pro, or sixth-year pro.
I don't know.
One or the other.
And then Darlene's second.
This will be his fifth.
Fifth.
So the league is going to come easier to these guys.
And along with the division being tough, the only other thing is the goaltending.
So Carter Hutton's trying to prove that he is a number one goalie.
And Linus Allmark's a young, unproven guy.
So if he gets chances to play, he's going to have to play well.
So the division being tough and the goaltending is what you really look at
in terms of weaknesses in a sense.
But there's reason to believe if you're a Sabres fan.
All right.
I don't know what to say after that.
Witt's just absolutely buzzing.
I'm excited to see the Sabres team.
He's snapping it around.
Different teams.
I'm sure you got a few notes, though.
I'm good with what Witt said.
You guys are snorting Starbucks before the show.
You guys are fucking off and running, man.
Whoa, whoa, no free ads.
Send me fucking London Fox.
And also, you know, bringing in Colin Miller,
it kind of feels like there might be some redundancies on D,
and we've always hear Rasmus and Ristolainen's name
popping up in trade rumors,
so I wouldn't be surprised if they make a deal.
With a back end like that, now you have three puck-moving defensemen.
Right.
Defensemen, not defensemen, excuse me.
You have to get them involved at all times.
Get up the ice.
And you know who kind of had a similar type of lineup
when they came into the league was Golden Knights.
It seemed like they had three pairs where they had a guy staying back and one guy getting offensive,
and that's why they had so much success.
They were coming as a five-man unit every night.
And, I mean, I don't think they're going to make playoffs.
I think there's a ways to go there because they've got to figure out the goalie situation
and get a little bit more depth.
But, hey, if they end up surprising some people, I wouldn't be surprised.
Yeah, Joe Hanson, he was one of the better Bruins the whole playoffs,
so that was a nice add for him.
He'll help, like I said, secondary scoring their bottom six in particular.
That's going to be an issue for them.
Also brought in Jimmy Veazey, who's in a contract here.
Another interesting note, they have eight pending UFAs on that team.
So if they're out of
it early man you know it could be a fire sale in buffalo for players that last guy that didn't get
mentioned that could be a huge step up type years casey middle stat you saw what he did in the world
juniors you don't love him you do not often see a player dominate at the world junior level the way
he did with the the pedigree of his draft and how high he went and not see them be very, very good NHLers.
He dominated the best players in the world under 20, I think, this year.
He was 19.
He's 19 right now.
So look out for him.
I mean, 25 points, maybe to 50, maybe to 60.
Ristolainen said he's the worst dresser on the team
because all he wears is Lululemon.
He's a straight-up high school kid from Minnesota.
And Ristolainen.
He came on the pod, remember? Not Ristolainen. Middlestack came on, Chad. Sorry, it. And Ristolainen. He came on the pod, remember?
Not Ristolainen.
Middlestad came on.
Sorry, it wasn't Ristolainen.
It was Dolling.
And I interviewed him at the NHL media tour, and I had to ask him.
I said, who's the worst wrestler on the team?
And he said that Middlestad.
So a little friendly banter between the boys.
And he's also in the last year of his ELC,
so he'll be looking to have a nice year to hopefully get paid.
But none of us have the same as returning to the playoffs this year.
No, not a step up, but I already have my eight Eastern Conference teams.
Yeah, and it's, again, a brutal division.
A lot of top-tier teams they have to face.
How many more teams we got?
Two.
We got two more, man.
Jesus Christ.
Two more.
I know.
This has been a blast this week.
You can hear our voices.
Next up, the old Detroit Red Wings finished up with 74
points last year. A couple of new faces in town, Valtteri Filippola, Patrick Nemeth, Adam Earn.
They said goodbye to Nicholas Cronwell, who did retire. Nothing earth-shattering from the Wings
over the summer. I mean, I'm sure Steve Uye has amassed the plan, but he can't fix things
overnight. He inherited a lot of this stuff. I mean, Dylan Lockett, I can't believe he's only 23.
After him, they got Tyler Bertuzzi, Anthony Manta, and Andreas Antonesiu.
After that, though, I think they got a lot of depth issues.
You take a look at the roster.
There are some nice pieces, like I just mentioned.
But this is a team that's only 4 million under the cap.
You look at it, it doesn't look like a 77 million roster.
That's crazy.
Let's go to you first, Biz.
What are the wings going to do?
Yeah, I mean, it starts now, right?
The rebuild.
And how quickly can Iserman get it done?
I will say that when you have a presence like Iserman walking the halls of your organization
and your building, I feel like everyone does tend to elevate their play a little bit more
just because you're having a guy look over you that's been there, done and proved himself so i think they're going to be a hard fighting team this
year their coach is is an excellent coach uh very well liked very very intelligent and prepared
i just they just don't they don't have anything and and and the crazy part about it is they they
also don't have a lot of cap space and you said said that already. It's not going to be pretty.
I almost hope that they don't do well
so they can start getting some assets in draft in the lottery pick section
because they're going to need some help off entry-level contracts
moving forward here in order to help turn this organization around.
They do have some pieces to build around.
Obviously, Dylan Larkin i has he been named captain yet
i don't believe so so i mean i mean we're in crazy times we're in a in a looking at a few
organizations who are iconic toronto maple east and detroit red rings who are are set to name
new captains i mean that's a that's a big thing right so uh i would imagine he's the guy they
pick and uh and as i said earlier the the time starts now for Stevie Wye to work his magic.
Biz said, well, the D is the issue.
They're getting older.
Mike Green, Erickson, and Trevor Daly, you know, they're in their mid-30s.
Up front, you've got to love a couple of the guys that they're going to be able to build around,
and that's Larkin Sick, Anthony Mantha.
Anthony Seale had a huge year, one of the fastest players in the league.
And Tyler Bertuzzi, I love his game.
People in Detroit tell me how great he is.
Crazy hockey IQ.
That Anthony Asiyo kid is probably one of the more entertaining players to watch in the league.
I just don't know if he's a bit of a wild card.
He's just kind of doing his thing out there.
I don't know how that translates.
Does he go hot and cold?
Last year, he was just pretty much hot.
I think that the issues that they've had prior with him were like attitude type stuff, cockiness, I've heard.
Yeah, he has a bit of swagger.
If you're going to play the way he did last year and get 30, you're going to be able to act a little different.
30 goal scorers aren't exactly buzzing around everywhere.
Kind of reminds me of Evander Kane out there a little bit with that swagger.
I don't think as tough, but just, you know what I'm saying?
There's that little body language.
So they're going to need those guys to continue to improve.
And then their first overall pick from the summer before was Zedina.
I don't know.
I don't know about this guy.
He needs to be nasty.
Apparently, I mean, he played nine games last year, three points,
only 35 points in 59 AHL games.
But in junior, there was domination.
They loved when they picked him.
So he could make a huge step, but they pretty much need him to.
I think he scored 50 goals in the OHL, didn't he?
He was in the queue for just a year, and he lit up Halifax.
But the issue being that when you're rebuilding,
which they are right in the midst of,
you need those top picks to hit.
They need that guy to turn into a player.
So I was at the Arizona Coyotes viewing party for the draft and we were up what was it was it fifth i believe we picked fifth and fourth
it was ottawa and ottawa selected brady kachuk and our fan base was rattled because you guys
wanted him so next they wanted that zadina and we drafted that barrett hayden who was projected i
think 11th at the time and buddy our fans, our fans went, like, they were pissed.
And I was like, what?
I'm like, why?
These guys, they did the interview process.
This Barrett Hayden kid's the real deal.
Now, I think it kind of took a lot of pressure off of Chico
when they saw that Zedina didn't necessarily have the best year.
He didn't dominate the minors.
So I don't know if this kid's going to translate his goals from junior
into the NHL level.
I mean, it's still very young,
but after watching him play against Arizona last year,
I wasn't overly impressed for a top pick.
I mean, would you consider a fifth overall pick?
Is that considered a lottery?
Yeah, that's me.
I was a lottery pick.
Oh, you were fifth overall? Yeah, no, I think lottery's top three. I wouldn me. I was a lottery pick. No. Oh, you were fifth overall?
Yeah, no, I think lottery's top three.
I wouldn't mind being called a lottery pick.
Anyway, I'm curious to see how that plays out.
And it was interesting to see that they really wanted him.
It's a rebuild.
It's a rebuild.
Eisenman's in charge of it, so that's the guy you want.
But still, right now, it's tough times for the Detroit Red Wings fans.
After so many years of dominance, so many years of being contenders,
this is what happens in franchises.
There's always that time where every team stinks.
It's like the San Fran 49ers.
Remember the 49ers dominated for years, and then they kind of tanked it.
And now a couple other notes.
Jimmy Howard is back in the crease once again, backed up by Jonathan Bernier.
Howard is a UFA after this year, and I'm sure there'll be a handful of teams
calling Stevie White maybe to pick him up.
I mean, you never know.
Teams like to grab guys before the deadline.
Could be a nice insurance policy also with the three defensemen you mentioned,
Green, Erickson, and Daly.
They're all UFA.
And, you know, if Detroit's not in playoff position at that time,
I would expect a lot of teams to be.
Those are great ads.
Erickson, for sure.
Absolutely.
I mean, you just want veteran depth, and guys love to pick them up.
And so Stevie, that's how he'll start rebuilding through the draft.
But either way.
That is kind of nice that they have those assets, those UFAs,
in order to gain assets towards the end of the season.
That kind of plays into the early stages of a rebuild perfectly.
So nice job, all right.
You're fucking brilliant, man.
Thanks, brother.
I don't hear that too often.
All right, so none of us have the Red Wings going to the playoffs.
No surprise there.
And last and certainly not least in the Atlantic,
the Ottawa Senators finished with 64 points last year.
Lots of changes to this roster as well.
They brought in half the Maple Leafs, it looks like.
Ron Hainsey, Nikita Zaitsev, Tyler Ennis, I'm sorry,
also brought in Artem Anisimov
from Chicago
they said bye to
Cody Ceci
and Zach Smith
guys the big news
for them obviously
is some of
locking up
Thomas Chabot
was huge for the
organization
it sends such a
great message
to the fans
who haven't really
had a lot to feel
good about lately
Craig Anderson's
back 38 years old
his 10th season
with the Senators
his numbers the last
couple years
have dropped off
he's another UFA.
Who knows if people will be knocking on the door on him.
Whitney, let's go to you first.
What are the Senators going to do this year?
Oh, man, not much.
It's probably the weakest team in the league if you're looking at the preseason picks
and what their roster's made up.
I think getting DJ Smith over, who's done a lot of good things
and is deserving of getting his first chance as a head coach in the league,
makes sense.
It's just a roster that's also kind of where Detroit's at in rebuilding.
You look at who's going to lead him, Brady Kachuk's a beast.
That's a great pick.
He's going to be a monster there.
Bobby Ryan is going to need to have a good year.
I mean, he's kind of one of those guys who's slowed down a little bit
but still has the ability to score these breathtaking goals. After that, I mean, you look at Sh one of those guys who slowed down a little bit, but still has the ability to score these, like, breathtaking goals.
After that, I mean, you look at Shabbat.
What a great signing.
That's somebody that will be there throughout until when they hopefully become contenders.
It's just how much they lost, how much they're going to kind of struggle to create offense.
Being in that division, there's just a bunch of issues that they're going to have to battle through.
So I don't think you can expect too much.
I don't have a ton on them.
I mean, you'll get to see looks from some younger guys,
but it's just a team that is right in the midst of rebuilding
and trying to become a legit NHL franchise again.
But you also got the fans being furious at the owner half the time,
the arena being where it is makes it for a tough season
and looking ahead for the Ottawa Senators.
There's no other way to put it.
Yeah, there's going to be some struggling for a little while here,
losing their top two scorers too.
I mean, they did get moved last year at the deadline.
But, I mean, the good news is they do have a few really nice young pieces.
Who's the D-man that they got for Stone?
He's Phil from Sweden.
Ah, fuck.
I can't even think of his name.
I don't even know if he's going to be over there this year,
but I'm thinking of future possibilities for good things for Senators.
They've got to start making some positive moves here,
and they're headed in the right direction.
It's going to be a painful two years.
Yeah, it really is.
And that guy's name, hold on, I had to look it up, Eric Brandstrom.
So we'll see what happens with him.
First round pick in 2017, stud D-man to go along with Shabbat.
I don't know if he's over this year, but that's at least someone that Senators fans are like,
all right, we have him coming at some point.
Yeah, and like Detroit, they have a handful of guys who are going to be UFA,
three forwards, three defensemen that other teams will probably be looking to pluck.
And like I said, that's how you rebuild.
You start stocking up draft picks.
They've got two great cornerstones in Shabbat and Brady Kachuk.
After that, it's like, all right, you need a couple more cornerstones.
So trading some of those guys, maybe get some picks.
They can start working their way back.
But they are a ways away.
So obviously, needless to say, none of us having the Senators in the playoffs.
Any other divisional notes you want to add, boys?
I think that's a wrap.
No, that was a good one, especially considering we're low on energy.
Yeah, yeah. That was  We don't sound like bitches but it's it's it's been a long it's been a long week we were grinding for you guys but it's been it's been fun and like you
know we put the same work into this one as the other two we just sound a little tired but we
hope everybody enjoyed what we're doing this week love you guys hey guys real quick i want to talk
to you about indochino for a second indochino was founded on the belief that you don't need to spend a fortune on a custom wardrobe.
Oh, man, that's right up my alley.
Because the better you look, the better you feel, and you want a personal experience with Indochino because it's the best around.
How do you feel in custom clothing?
I feel 100 times better.
I feel way more confident.
That's why you want to get on Indochino as well.
Indochino is the world's largest made to
measure menswear brand they make suits shirts coats and more and everything is made to your
exact measurements for a great fit and as you get older man there's nothing better than a personalized
fit you get to personalize all the details as well including your lapel the lining your own monogram
they have hundreds of suit options for all occasions, including work,
formal events, and even your own wedding.
The best part is they're all affordable.
Almost all of their custom clothing is under 400 U.S.,
and the process is simple.
You choose your fabric, you pick your customizations,
you submit your measurements.
Your package will be delivered straight to your door in about two weeks.
How long? Two weeks.
You can get measured and design your suit at your nearest Indochino showroom
or do it all yourself at Indochino.com.
So start your style upgrade now with 30 off your total purchase of 399 or more
at Indochino.com when you enter Chicklets at checkout.
Plus, the shipment is free. Can't beat that.
Once again, that's Indochino.com.
The promo code is Chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
for 30 off your total purchase of 399 or more.
An incredible deal for made-to-measure clothing.
You really have no excuse anymore to wear clothing that doesn't fit.
All right, boys.
With no doubt going to get chirped for our picks, I'm sure we probably picked way too many teams to make the playoffs
because we fucked that up every year but either way uh you can have that of people we're gonna
get chirped all year so we don't mind it biz uh i saw you talking the other day you you think the
major league baseball playoffs are as good as the nhl playoffs yeah i agree with you buddy yes i got
yeah i mean i i talk about all the time i got
torched online by some hockey fans and i i'm just like hey listen for a sport that i don't give one
fucking shit about in during the season the minute playoff baseball's on i'm dialed into the tv
to me all of a sudden the length between pitches and and the crowd noise and and I like Joe Buck there's probably a lot of
you don't like Joe Buck I think it's it's poetry and I love it the intensity the drama it's it's
to me it's a different sport and I do put it on par with with NHL playoffs and I and and part of
it too is because it's not very long either right So it keeps you dialed in for that one month.
What I think is ridiculous about baseball is how maybe they don't even extend it a little bit as far as teams making the playoffs,
but it's such a traditional sport.
They do not like fucking around with it.
But the fucking season's 162 games.
It's too long to pay attention to.
It's ridiculous.
Yeah, it's definitely too long.
What's up, Wed?
I play off baseball and the excitement in every pitch.
Oh, Washington.
Good night.
Washington wins a game on the road.
Is that Jacob Verana?
Yes.
Jacob Verana, yeah.
Jacob Verana.
Last night I said to Mikey, I said,
what do you like for some sleeper guys around the league this year?
He said, Jacob Verana.
He goes, Jacob Verana's going to have a monster year.
I told my buddy, Carthus, that.
Then all of a sudden, he said, Rupe Hintz,
and then he said, Galchenyuk's going to be a monster with Malkin.
So if in the next couple games, Hintz scores for Dallas,
and Galchenyuk gets one for Pittsburgh, Grinelli starts off strong with Vrana.
I love that.
I think that should tee up our gambling corner.
Welcome back.
Puckline Jesus. Puckline Jesus.
Puckline Jesus.
He hasn't come in for me yet.
And he's 0-1 already.
Yeah, 0-1. Yeah, my prop bet.
Yeah, take a look.
I haven't seen the lines yet because
they don't come out usually until late night, early morning.
But one game jumps out at me Thursday, tonight, October 3rd.
Montreal Canadiens opening the season in Raleigh.
I'm going to assume that Carey Price is getting the start.
Probably Peter Mrazek for Carolina.
Either way, I like Montreal on the road.
I like the Moneyline and Puckline.
They're probably going to be, shit, Carolina's probably going to be a small favorite,
so you should get a plus price on the Canadians, no pun intended.
Not to mention on the Puckline, laying a goal and a half,
it might be the alternate Puckline according to your site,
depending on what your site, how they operate,
but they're probably going to be at least plus 250, maybe plus 280.
So I'm on the Canadiens Thursday night.
They're my lone pick right now.
I could add some on Twitter later in the day Thursday,
but my solo pick Thursday night for the gambling corner,
Montreal Canadiens puck line and money line over Carolina.
Also, too, I have had a few people ask me if they want to make some bets online.
I don't do online wages anymore, and you can thank the Philly Deadbeat.
They never paid you?
Hashtag not all flyers, man.
Oh, yeah.
I had that written down on my notes.
I thought he sent you half of it, and then he didn't send the other half?
No, he sent me.
It was a 1,000 play, and I've made lots of bets over the years with people,
and this kid, he gave me a couple hundred, and I was hounding him.
I'm like, buddy, I don't want to muck up fucking I'm not going to fucking dox you or anything stupid like that.
Like, what the fuck?
He just gave me the runaround.
Typical, I'm getting at this one, getting that one.
And the last few fucking texts, he hasn't replied.
And I didn't, like, send it.
Oh, you rat.
What's his name?
I didn't send his handbook, but people dug it up so you can find it.
Like, a couple people found it already when I said he was a deadbeat.
Like, people, listeners were like, you're a scumbag. didn't pay up so yeah basically like pay your bets yeah yeah i mean
he was you know he's the one who fucking chirped todd and fucking come at me and whatever like i
said other people have paid but yeah that's worse than that's worse than going to the bathroom when
the bill comes right uh oh and could we agree on that yeah absolutely i did it i did it all right would
you would you have blue lighted them would you have said hey 500 is good enough no no absolutely
not no blue lights blue lights is that's something that rich guys on the on airplanes on team planes
do when you're in the real world like real gambling no it's like you pay what you know
that's not true that's not true if i if i won, if I beat Grinnelli for 100.
No, if you talk to like even Big Cat, his guy will blue light him a little
if he's down fucking big.
Yeah, I mean, hey.
You can find me at the All-Star game.
Yeah, but you don't count.
If you're not even a person.
Yeah, I don't know.
I'm just old school, like was raised old school book way.
Like you win, you collect, you lose your pay.
Like don't love that.
Nobody gets breaks.
I fucking love that about you, R.A.
Yeah, you just, you know, you fucking don't bet.
Don't bet it if you don't have it, that type of shit.
And one of the quick notes.
So basically you're saying you're going to break his legs.
I didn't say nothing, Paul.
All right.
This is a live line, by the way.
Just that way.
I go, I did a bug check before.
Just don't say anything you regret.
No, one other quick note on gambling, and I've said it before.
The first two months of NHL gambling, you can get crushed.
It's a very dangerous time to bet.
Everybody thinks one team's going to zig, they're going to zag, whatever.
I've gotten murdered bad October, November many times,
and then shut me up for the rest of the winter.
So tread lightly. Don't go too crazy. Grinelli, what many times, and then shut me up for the rest of the winter.
So tread lightly.
Don't go too crazy.
Grinnelli, what's up, brother?
We're also going to be posting all RA's gambling corners on our YouTube page.
So subscribe there.
We're going to be posting tons of video content on that throughout the whole season. We've been posting like two or three videos a week.
So subscribe there.
That's one of the best ways to to get all of our content and and the more support we get on our youtube page the more the numbers go
up we can go to sponsors and say hey can you sponsor this type of content so we can push it
out to you guys that's how this thing works so just subscribe to our youtube channel even if
you're not a big youtube person we need watch videos. Support us, and we can keep doing more and more cool shit, more road warriors.
What's other shit that we do?
The West Coast wagon tour, baby.
Yes, we want to go to St. Louis again.
We want to do  what else are we going to do?
Dallas.
We want to go to Dallas.
We want to go to Colorado Springs.
We can't do anything without the support of YouTube and our listeners.
All right.
Speaking of business, the All-Star game this year, NHL made a deal with Green Day. Colorado can't do anything without the support of YouTube and our listeners. All right.
Speaking of biz, the all-star game this year, NHL made a deal with Green Day.
I know the NHL gets chirped for their music, and I know I'm an older guy,
but Green Day, man, they were a fucking legendary punk band early 90s.
I think it's better than the Jets.
I had somebody say that Green Day, because I was like, I don't know.
Is that legit?
Like, that's kind of like, I know it's a little better than what they've had in the past,
but I wasn't sure.
This person said that Green Day would sell out like an arena, national arena tour right now.
A 40 stadium, a 40 arena tour. If they did 30 to 40 shows at places like the Garden
and the United Center and all the rinks,
would they...
You think that's accurate? They'd sell that out?
I was shaking his head.
I have no idea.
You know who would know that?
The people who do the cover songs of them in the office.
They would know how big
Green Day is following.
That's an interesting question.
They were huge.
Remember Dookie?
Dookie?
Yeah, yeah.
Are they bigger than Blink-182, or are they the same?
Green Day, I put them above Blink-182.
Really?
Green Day was like that whole new, what they called pop punk,
that whole new kind of invasion.
Oh, they were the OGs, eh?
Green Day beat Blink-182, and whole new kind of invasion. Oh, they were the OGs, eh? Green Day beat Blink-182.
And then they kind of, obviously they didn't invent punk, fuck a rock,
but they kind of had that pop punk sound.
Well, no, I mean, they were kind of known as like the first ones
to kind of go mainstream with it.
Yeah.
Like, NoFX ain't down.
Are they down with Green Day?
Is who down with Green Day?
I think NoFX is like an old school punk band where they are like,
raw, like they actual punk rock.
Like Sum 41 is punk pop.
Yeah.
Avril Lavigne, is she punk pop?
You're asking the wrong guy there.
I know one thing, though, is punk rock in general is fed by anger
and rebelliousness and being pissed off um right whitney you and riggs's golf match is off you must
be feeling angry and wanting to make some punk rock music right now free ten thousand dollars
i already spent down the drain so for people who aren't aren't so the Portnoy and Riggs, holy
fuck, are these two dumb?
It's like
Dave
is just the master of making
content out of nothing. The match
is canceled because the
guy I see that gives me lessons,
you know, golf lessons, swing
instructor, Sean Hester. Everyone
check him out. I've mentioned before. Great. If you're in the Massachusetts area wonderful coach great swing guy he said to me
after my buddy and I qualified for the US four ball hey you you might not be able to play in
that match for 10,000 bucks like the USGA they're they're what I know about the USGA is kind of what
I've been told by Sean is that they they can be sticklers right they're very they're they, they're, they're, what I know about the USGA is kind of what I've been told by Sean is
that they, they can be sticklers, right? They're very, they're, they're, they're up to date on all
the rules. They're the government. Yeah. Similar. They're the governing body of golf. Like, and
so I was like, really? I'm like, I don't care. He's like, you never know, man. Like you never
know. So he made a call, he made a call and talked to someone and then came to me and said,
listen, you should probably, like, call this guy and explain
because I didn't have all the details of what this actually is.
So I call this guy up.
And the whole time I'm like, really?
Like, are you sure?
He's like, yes, I'm telling you.
If you ended up playing in this thing and this was a big deal
and you made 10,000 and then there's gambling
lines on websites and stuff. He's like, they easily could be like, Hey, you can't play in the
four ball. You're not an amateur anymore. They're that kind of uptight. I've, people have been
writing me, uh, messages that you'll hit like a putt at a golf turn for 10 grand. And like people
end up getting their amateur status taken away just crazy crazy uh
happenings with the usga and taking people's amateur status away so after talking to this
guy for like 30 minutes he basically didn't give me a straight answer as to what was allowed and
what wasn't he said that um there it's in the spirit of the game there was all these different
words and kind of,
I was like, all right, well,
and he had some questions I didn't know.
I was like, well, at least this Bozo kid
can explain it in more better terms.
They ended up talking,
and in the end, the guy pretty much said I couldn't play.
I've never actually been told I couldn't play,
but it was, yeah, you better not.
Like, you can't get like a straight answer in a, but it was, yeah, you better not.
You can't get a straight answer in a sense.
All right.
Well, I agree with you on the fact that these guys are going to try to stir up any type of talk.
Well, no.
So I didn't tell them.
So I didn't tell them that I was the one who called.
Now, I called because I was told by a guy I really trust,
and I'm a close friend with Sean, to call.
It made total sense.
I'm not going to put myself and my partner's
tournament in jeopardy and risk
not getting to play.
If Riggs had any brains, he would have fucking
known I was the one who called, but he's
an idiot. So he's actually
that kid is such a loser.
So I'm assuming when you originally explained the
story, you were kind of just glancing over
all the back end stuff because it would have been too
long to say, oh, I was on the range with my guy well dave's like dave's like i was going after the
usga it's all your fault like dude dave still doesn't understand i had to call the whole issue
being when i called they still said i couldn't play so it's like the decision they made is the
annoying one that i disagree with the fact that I brought it to them or Sean
brought it to them first and then I talked to the guy was what I had to do. So now they're trying to
just swing it. They're just trying to they're trying to bully, you know, old wit guys are
trying to bully the wit dog around. I'm not going to stand for it. They need me on their radio show.
They need the you know, they need the ratings that I can bring with our loyal just chiclets
listeners. And they're just trying to make a story that you brought it to their attention.
Well, dude, I was told by a guy I really trust to do that.
I mean, I don't know what you want me to say.
I mean, we're talking about you.
At this point, it's painful.
I mean, Riggs couldn't even sniff ever, like, qualifying for anything.
Well, you got to imagine, listen, he gets to rub your face in a little bit
because he knows now you can't do it. And he gets to rub it in rub your face in a little bit because he knows now you can't do it and he gets to save himself some fucking money i mean maybe he would have made a little bit in
endorsements but nonetheless and um what was the last thing that was uh that was mentioned
i'll play him after i don't care oh um uh that's horrible and i'm assuming that if you would have
been in an event where it was just you,
you probably would have still played because that would be
100.
Right.
And the other thing is like people are like, one tournament, who cares?
Dude, I played hockey my whole life.
And to stay competitive, I'm actually so lucky that like I found golf.
Like I'm a very competitive person.
I love it.
I've spent the last eight years pretty much going from a pretty shitty golfer
to a pretty decent golfer.
And now I played in the Mass Am.
I played in the We Met.
I played in a bunch of tournaments I wouldn't be able to play in.
It's not about me.
Portnoy's like, you don't win the tournaments.
So?
What the fuck are you talking about?
You might string a few together.
I'm better at golf than either one of Portnoy or Riggs are
at any sport they've ever played,
and I made 30 million playing another sport.
I knew there was a reason I wanted to drag out this conversation.
I'm better at golf than Riggs was at hockey.
Think about that.
And I just started playing for the most part.
It's like.
Is it like he doing it?
Their whole line of like, you don't win any of these tournaments, dude.
Like, what a loser.
Like, yeah, bro.
You know how many good golfers are out there?
I'm just I'm happy I'm qualifying for these tournaments, you idiots.
And once again, you never know.
You might just put a few holes together and fucking win one of those things.
Exactly.
Dude, who's to say in five years that I'm going to keep improving
that I won't end up winning something someday?
God knows that that bozo won't win anything.
Have you seen his swing?
Have you seen this guy?
Is anyone like  he has these videos that are so basic.
Thanks for clicking on him, dude.
I'm like, bro, I'm clicking on the laugh at you.
Like, yeah, you get clicks.
You get paid.
Good for you.
You think I care?
You make money.
I have millions more than you will ever have.
I click on him to watch a terrible swing and your awful antics.
And you trying to talk like that moron Portnoy, that old fucking midget.
Like I call them on the radio.
I actually hate both of them. I used to like Dave. I called him on the radio. I actually hate both of them.
I used to like Dave.
I've always hated Riggs.
Now I hate both of them.
Hey, I will say Dave had a nice tan going.
Where the fuck is he at?
Yeah, because he's sitting in a tanning bed like that fucking lady from
something about Mary.
He's going to have a dog like her too.
Magda.
Magda Portnoy.
Okay.
What else is there to talk about?
Actually, I was going to say, like, fucking talking about golf,
I was thinking of Danny Noonan.
And, like, he's in that show with Kevin Bacon.
Did you watch that, City on a Hill with?
No, you know what?
I never got into it.
It kind of seemed like the Boston accent.
It just doesn't.
Yeah. No, it's fine. How good was Maradona the other night? know and i never got into it it was kind of seemed like the boston accents i just didn't yeah no
how good was maradona the other night oh i haven't seen it all right oh my god so i already put a
tweet out and it was to remind everyone that last night which was tuesday night uh hbo sports did a
two hour and 50 minute documentary on diego maradona Right away, I went and recorded it. Then I already texted our group chat, guys, this is
going to be sick. Holy
shit. This is the Beatles
and the Rolling Stones combined
was this guy. Biz,
he was this superstar.
I hope everyone goes and watches. I didn't know
anything about him besides that he was a soccer legend
from Argentina. He could have killed somebody
and not gone to prison. Biz, he signs
with his team in Naples in the Italian League
and shows up the first day to sign the contract
and dribble a ball in the center of the field.
The place is sold out.
They're lighting off fireworks.
People are crying seeing him.
And some of the clips, the old school clips of the games,
it looks like, what, the 70s, RA?
Yeah, 70s.
He looks like, what, the 70s R.A.? Yeah, 70s and 80s. He looks like Terry Ryan Sr.
Just the old camera angles and how good he was.
Oh, my God, it was fun to watch this guy.
It's funny how the technology got so much better and the cameras were old,
but the fucking play was unbelievable.
The play was unreal.
The stuff that guy was doing, you're just like, holy shit.
Yeah, he was like, if you're not familiar, Diego Maradona. He was sort of like
the connective tissue, I guess, between
Pele, who was a superstar in the 50s
and 60s, the most famous player in the world.
Maradona came, and then you
kind of led into the Messi era.
Soccer really got popular
in America, like basically in the 90s.
But Diego Maradona was the best
player in the world, and he was a fucking savage
off the field, too. It is crazy to think of it. I mean, it's the biggest sport in the world and he was a fucking savage off the field it is crazy to think because I mean it's the biggest sport in the world right I don't think
we're arguing that and to be the best at that you're essentially god especially from if you're
from a country where that's mad I mean it'd be like fucking mad place yeah it would be like
like being Connor McDavid in Canada times 10 yeah Yeah. And you're probably making times 10 now.
Oh, yeah. My wife is not much of a sports
fan, and I was like, hey, watch this.
She was like,
she couldn't even believe that there was
an athlete out there that people were acting.
It was like Michael Jackson.
It was crazy. So I recommend
that to everyone. Even if you're not a soccer fan,
you'd like this. And this guy was an
animal. He loved
Wolf, right? Rip it.
Holy shit, this dude
loved honking lines.
How many years did he reign as best
player in the world or was the decline
really quick? No, it wasn't that quick,
man. Like 10 years, probably?
Soccer's a tough, tough sport to do
it for a long time. Oh my god. Sniped by Sorensen. Three goals in the first 10 minutes. I mean, like 10 years, probably soccer's a tough, tough sport to do it for a long time. Oh my God.
Sniped by Sorenson three goals in the first 10 minutes. I have the over.
So yeah, sorry about that. I just got sidetracked. Yeah.
I think it was a pretty long reign,
but soccer's tough to do it for over 10 years, man.
The amount of running that is and shit. It's tough. I mean,
a guy like Ronaldo can, cause he's a freak.
I don't think he's ever drank alcohol.
Everything is about soccer.
Like, diet, everything you can name.
Whereas, Maradona was fucking ripping lines.
He's probably ripping them in the locker room.
And you know, fucking down there, you get the best shit in the world.
I mean, there's always fucking.
No, I don't know.
All right.
Do you know?
Stuff's not even stomped on, motherfucker.
But the director, I think you's saying Asif Kapadia.
He's an unreal documentary director.
I was texting Whit last night.
He also directed a documentary called Senna about a Formula One race,
Ayrton Senna.
I never heard of the guy until I saw this documentary.
And to me, like, if you can make a documentary about a subject,
like you just said, Whit, your wife isn't a big sports person,
and she loved it.
This guy makes unreal documentaries.
He'll take a subject you might not care about,
and you'll fucking care about it.
He also directed one on Amy Winehouse, too, simply titled Amy.
Oh, wow.
I didn't know there was a doc out on her.
Yeah, it's very sad, but it's a real deep dive, man.
This guy does unreal docs.
I love Amy Winehouse. Fuck her. She was... Yeah, but it's a real deep dive, man. This guy does unreal docs. I love Amy Winehouse.
Fuck her.
She was.
Yeah.
It's so sad.
She was kind of.
She would have been like.
Go to rehab.
I said no, no, no.
How good was that song?
Was she right before Lady Gaga or were they coming up same time?
I think they were in the same.
Imagine them collaborating.
I think.
Oh, what a tragedy. Where was Amy Winehouse Imagine them collaborating. What a tragedy.
Where was Amy Winehouse from?
England.
She was more of an alcoholic
than she is.
She did other stuff, but alcohol was her...
How did she die?
Alcohol poisoning with whatever drugs in her system.
Drink was her main thing.
I think she did the other shit when she was drinking.
It's a sad documentary, but it's definitely worth watching on her life
because she was a generational talent.
It's a shame that we lost her.
Boys, as a Canadian, and I'm sure you guys will agree,
I have to mention and congratulate Bob McKenzie
on a five-year contract extension with TSN.
Nice.
What?
The Bob father got a five-year.
I thought he was done after this year.
No, just signed a five-year extension. I thought he was done after this year. No, just signed a five-year extension.
Oh, I thought he was actually done because he wanted to retire after this year.
I guess the thing I saw was that he had one more year,
and I thought he'd announced he had one more year,
not like that that was one more year left on his TSN deal.
He said he had one more year, and now he's going to start to wind it back.
After this year, he said he's going to focus on more of the insider stuff.
He won't be doing all the draft.
As in basically retiring.
I mean, fuck, dude.
How old is he now?
Not that old.
I know, but man, when you're doing it that long, you never really get a vacation.
In the summertime when he's at his cottage, he's got to keep up with all the information and then he's got to be the one
to give it to him.
And then he's got to like present it well on television.
Like he's a freak,
man.
Yeah.
And the fact that he's going to do another five,
six,
like 63.
Oh man,
that's fucking exhausting.
I boys,
I'm already looking at my exit strategy here.
Like this is tiring shit.
Yeah,
I know.
I got like six months left.
Come on, Whit.
Give me a couple more years
so Uncle Reezy can resell you two.
I actually thought the other night,
I'm like,
if I quit Chiclets, I'm like...
I'd kidnap your family.
That's the first thing.
I actually think you guys would have me...
I think in a month it would just be
a rip roaring machine with somebody
sitting in my place I don't think it would be
changed very much
I'll say this I mean if we had someone
who's as eager to like create content
and do other shit
I mean yeah it might blow up a little bit
I mean but I think
it's good balance i think it's
buddy you're the fucking best storyteller oh thanks guys thanks guys i appreciate that i was
just looking for a tire pump all right uh by the way um it's a lot it's been a long one it's been
a long week so i say i say it's time to wrap it up, guys. There might be one more thing here.
Oh, I had something written down.
Phil Kessel's four games from reaching 1,000,
so he's a selfish piece of shit unless he calls it quits after three games.
So, Phil, it's up to you, buddy.
Bill's just banging in sick that day when they pass the hat.
All right, boys.
Is that it?
Do you have anything written down, Whit?
No. I got a fun fact, Ted. Is that it? Do you have anything written down, Witt? No.
I got a fun fact, Ted.
It has to be used at another time.
I got a fun fact.
Interesting stat for opening night on NHL rosters.
Most Canadians, St. Louis is leading the way with 16,
Vegas 15, Islanders 15, Edmonton 15, Montreal 14.
Fewest, Boston Bruins with only five. New York Rangers, five.
Washington Capitals, five.
Jersey, Minnesota, and Arizona all at six.
So just a little fun fact for you guys.
Canada still didn't win the cup last year, but sorry.
Well, I mean, they did have 18 Canadians on the same team,
so keep the fucking change.
You're welcome, St. Louis.
All right, everybody.
Have a great weekend, and we'll check back with you on Monday. Enjoy the first weekend of the NHL. Thanks for listening, as always, St. Louis. All right, everybody. Have a great weekend, and we'll check back with you on Monday.
Enjoy the first weekend of the NHL.
Thanks for listening, as always, everyone.
I love you guys.
Peace out.
And a special thanks to our sponsors.
Without you guys, man, we wouldn't be able to keep this machine rolling.
So please, as our listeners, support our sponsors.
If you want to check out Peloton, go to onepeloton.com.
The promo code is Hockey.
Can I Brands, you want to check them out. the promo code is hockey can I brands you want to check them out
promo code is biz20
you want to check out goat
go to goat.com slash chicklets
and if you use indochino.com
the promo code there is chicklets
once again thanks for supporting us
and supporting our sponsors I woke up this morning and my son was gone
Turned on to music to start my day
And I snuck out of the house
I closed my eyes and I slipped away I'm
