Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 208 of Spit and Check.
Let's present it by Pink Whitney, the pink lemonadeavored vodka from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka.
What's going on, boys?
Heading into the second week of the season.
There have been a few early surprises,
also a few rivalries picking up where they left off.
But before we get to that, let's say hi to the boys first.
Biz Nasty, what's going on, my man?
What's going on, boys?
Just in the desert, enjoying my day off.
Had a little Twitter battle today.
Don't need to get into that, but if you want to check it out,
feel free to read my timeline.
A lot of social justice warriors coming at me
for pumping Drew Doughty's tires for whatever reason,
but that's nor here nor there.
There's a lot more else to talk about.
But let's remember, you don't want to talk about it.
Next up, our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
What's going on, brother?
What's up, guys?
Pretty cool interview on tap for today.
We kind of changed pace, so I'm really excited to drop this one.
Whit, I know you've had some relationships with this guy,
so it's going to be a fun one.
Yeah, absolutely.
We've got two interviews, actually.
We've got sports, and that's Ryan Leslie.
He's going to come on and talk about a late development situation
between Calgary and L.A.
And, Whit Dogg, you have a guy you worked with a few years ago
and you were with the Penguins, actually biz too, J.B. Spiso.
How did you meet him and how did you end up getting him for an interview with?
Very special guy.
I think everyone's going to have fun that we get to do this in person,
which makes our interviews a little bit better.
But J.B.'s a retired sergeant major, which as far as I can tell, guys,
I've been told that's about as high fucking up as you can get in the United States Army.
So this is a guy who we go into it in depth, but he did a lot of leadership work with our team in Pittsburgh.
He's done it with a bunch of teams.
He started with the Rangers, but a special guy.
You guys were kind of wondering when I brought up the idea, well, what are we going to talk about?
I said, don't even worry about it.
Trust me, it'll be an easy conversation to have. Great person. So I think everyone will enjoy this. It's a little
different. We get into some hockey things for sure with all the teams he's worked with, but some,
some life stuff, what he's been through, how much we appreciate what he's done in his life. So a
true, a true legend, this guy. So I think everyone will have a blast listening to it.
Yeah, it was good stuff. Like I said, it was something different, a little, a little off the
beaten track from what we normally do. And it was pretty cool to ask him about some of the military stuff he's
done because Army Rangers, man, they've done some fucking badass shit. So I enjoyed talking to him.
I did mention some of the teams, some players getting off the hot starts, but how about the
real deal? James Neal with a natty hattie, six goals already this season, had seven all of last
season. I mean, honestly, I don't think we can be too surprised.
Like I mentioned before, last season was his first season
that he didn't score 20 goals in the NHL.
Guys don't drop off that quick, but six goals already.
It's pretty good to see for the old real deal, eh?
Yeah, I mean, I guess you could say he was a superstar at one point
and then just all of a sudden fell off the map one year.
And, Whit, I think you touched on it.
Maybe it was in the midst of the summertime
when everything went down,
but back-to-back years,
he ended up going to the cup finals,
maybe didn't have the best summer training,
went to a new team.
I don't necessarily think him
and the coach got along very well.
Next thing you know,
he found himself behind the eight ball
and, I mean, a season to forget.
And I think we all knew that a new environment was going to help him out,
especially when you have a few of the best players in the world,
and Dreisaitl and McDavid set you up.
And, by the way, another tire pump for you, Whit,
that Darnell Nurse looks very fucking good.
He's filthy.
Their team in general, man, they look awesome.
I think a lot of people expected
that they were going to have a better start this year because you know tip does run a very difficult
training camp he does run a very structured uh um uh you know team system so congratulations to
them i believe i did say that i thought that they would get off to a good start based on on
tippet's past with going into new uh environments so
i'm happy for them and the real deal is fucking buzzing boys the only bad thing about watching
james the real deal actually there's been some good nicknames out there like what a deal what
a deal james the other than other ones but i can't think of them because i'm a mutant
pete blackburn had a couple good ones.
But here's my only worry.
What is it?
The Steel James Neal.
Yeah, that one.
That was good.
Saw that one out there.
So the only bad thing is I could possibly have a Joey Vitale situation on my hands here.
It just so happens that Monday night, me and the real dealer, we're chatting back and forth on text, having a couple laughs. I won't tell what we were chatting about, but it was something pretty funny.
What happens the next night? The motherfucker goes and gets four tucks. So I don't know if I'm going
to get a text night before the next game, like with the retelling of the story, he might Crosby
me. He might be like, dude, I was talking to wit. I got to keep this going. I got to text him back
again. So we'll see if that comes, but man, what a game that was. And you saw where he scores his
goals from. He always had. He's got a sick. I mean, one of them was a nice little tap in beautiful
pass by Dreitzel. The other one was quick shots. I mean, he he is so deadly when he's right around
the scoring area because his release is still just as good as ever. And yeah, last year was,
it was the perfect storm to have a bad season. It was two years in a row in the cup is said,
and then it was a coach that got you to be a top line player and immediately
didn't put you on a top line. I mean, what are you going to do?
You're dead from the get go.
So everything kind of fell apart for him and now he's in a place where he's
happy to be and who wouldn't be playing with those two superstars?
You're figuring out how to get open and then figuring out even quicker
that the puck's going to get to you immediately in areas to score.
So it was good to see.
I mean, I love seeing the Islanders get pounded.
I just think that the Oilers' start is great.
The city deserves it.
Tippett, it shows how good he is, Biz.
A lot of guys, I was watching the NHL Network tonight.
Dave Reed, Mark Powers, two great guys.
They had the question, buy or sell on the Oilers.
Like, is this for real?
Is this just a hot start?
Both of them said sell.
They weren't really necessarily.
Really?
Yeah, they weren't buying.
And basically saying how high scoring they are, will that last?
But it is such a difference with Tippett there, Biz.'t buying it. Basically saying how high scoring they are will that last.
But it is such a difference with Tippett there, Biz.
You saw it.
Is this now going to be a team that is more defensively responsible because of how he approaches things while also having McDavid and Dreitzel?
So it'll be fun to watch.
But it's cool for Oilers fans to see a start like this
after just all the bullshit they've been through.
Well, I mean, the question mark I had going in was,
was Tippett's old style of structured play
going to be able to keep up with the new wave of NHL, which is a little bit more high-flying,
quicker in transition, and really just get up and move.
But, I mean, this guy's a student of the game.
He's constantly watching.
I think that when he left Arizona, he ended up getting a
I don't know if it was a  I don't know if he got actually hired by Seattle
in order to help them look throughout the league
and maybe scout a little bit.
Yeah, Tippett.
He worked for Seattle before this coaching job.
You are right on that.
Yeah, so, I mean, was he being paid before?
Oh, yeah.
He was a paid consultant.
I think they were just  you know, when they were trying to get
some infrastructure in place, he was a guy who wasn't currently coaching. He, you know, probably could use the work. So, yeah, he was a paid consultant. I think they were just, you know, when they were trying to get some infrastructure in place,
he was a guy who wasn't currently coaching.
He, you know, probably could use the work.
So, yeah, he was a paid consultant for them.
Well, that and, you know, he spent some time with Team Canada.
So, I mean, he's a smart hockey mind.
So, he probably could have helped set up that team and maybe got some guys who would have been available
during that type of draft once then Seattle comes in.
But he's done a wonderful job up to date.
Moving forward, I mean, of course, my concern would be lack of offense
because he is so structured and the amount of offensive risk
guys are allowed to take, especially guys not on those top lines.
But a few faces he's familiar with in Smitty and Neal,
and I think those are good fits and and everything's working
out right now for edmonton and i'm happy for that fucking fan base man because they deserve it
yeah and tippet he got some great results in arizona with some less than stellar rosters so
you know you wonder with a couple superstars on the team well fuck you first of all second of all
yeah he he's a guy where he was able to squeeze everything out of mediocre lineups.
I wouldn't necessarily say that's the case there,
maybe the bottom half of the lineup.
But, I mean, I think the first three years I was in Arizona,
we made playoffs every year, and professionals had us ranked, like,
14th and 15th, and I think 14th in those three years,
where they pretty much wrote us off
because you looked at our lineup and they're like,
oh, it's fucking terrible.
So great job, and we can move on from that.
Sorry, R.A.
No, you don't need to apologize.
One thing that is in midseason form already,
we're only a week into the season, and that would be the Yendell Sunk.
He sunk yet another player.
This time I believe it was Nito Nitoria who took the cheese.
I couldn't make out any on-ice audio. if keith actually said sunk i know he usually does but uh he's that just
never gets old watching him do that he's done it to so many guys that they still fall for it now
before i throw over over to you wit i could i would take a spit and check what's prop that that
all these players are are listening and next time he goes for the wind-up song that they might just attack.
So he's got to be careful.
Guys in front of the net, when that song machine is sitting behind the goalie,
if he winds up, can you not, like, do anything, please?
And by the way, I don't even know what are guys doing.
Like, are they beginning their back check because it's a hard rim let's just look at him and let him rim it before we
allow him to just completely sonk the entire nhl i just i'm so surprised that not necessarily that
guys are falling for it that that where are you skating to like where are you turning well
i would also argue that they're worried about getting back for back pressure.
I mean, at that point, if Yanz actually does rim that puck,
their main concern is getting numbers back in order to
Yeah, but there's four guys behind you, Biz.
Like, it's a set breakout, a set four check.
Like, what is the panic to allow him to embarrass you to, like, quickly skate away?
Well, I don't know because the net front guy is not seeing what's going on behind him.
If those other guys are taking off, as I said, your main objective is to get back.
And back pressure is huge in order for D to stay up and get their gaps.
So, I don't know.
I mean, I would definitely
Go is not going viral getting songed.
Well, here's the thing, though.
Would you rather get stuck and not have any good back pressure
or look like a little bit silly getting songed all the way 200 feet from your from your net at the end of the day it's whether you don't get scored
on or not so uh most people most people consider that being on like the the hockey or the basketball
posterizing is that what they say yeah you get dunked on yeah is is this the new posterizing
where if you get songed by ants biz we all know how much you love a hard rim, too, so.
You've been good lately.
You've always, like the episodes lately, you've always sneaked in one dirty joke.
Yeah, I'm trying to, you know, just more than the dad jokes, try to get a little fucking locker room humor in.
Listen, I'm not sure if he's the answer to the 0-4 start,
but the Sharks announced that they brought back franchise icon Patrick Marleau
after the 40-year-old's brief dalliance with the Toronto Maple Leafs. San Jose looking more like a
nurse shock than their great white logo these days, and that's in large part to the woeful
goaltending. In three starts, Martin Jones 0-3 with an 8-5-4 SP and a 4-5-6 goals against.
Just 70 saves on 82 shots. Backup Aaron Dell mopped up one game.
He started another. Gave up three goals on
33 shots and a loss to Anaheim.
Evander Kane was suspended
at the start. He returned to the lineup Tuesday.
Gotta think that's gonna have an impact. Marlow,
I know he's up there in age, but you gotta think
even on an emotional level, he's gonna have
an impact here. He's the franchise leader in games
played, goals, and points.
Either way, man, Biz, Witt, I'm sorry,
Witt, we'll go to you first. They got to get off the schneid soon,
eh?
Yeah, they do. And funny
enough, I had a feeling or figured
that something was coming with Marleau because
my brother who lives out in San Fran,
he has like a men's league skate or whatever,
once a week skate with guys. And then one of the guys
from the skate sent a groovy
email out. Guys,
would there be any problem if
Patrick Marleau came over to the skate tomorrow
night? Not sure of the chances, but a
mutual friend told me he's looking to get some skates
in. So either he was looking
at already getting the men's league action or
figured he had to get the legs going. I don't know
if he ever showed up, but the
Sharks, man, right now,
power play. They got to get the power play going.
I think they scored a power play goal last night, which was their first,
I believe.
So without that, it's going to be rough.
I don't know.
Their big guys aren't really at the top of their game yet.
I think last night you saw what, excuse me, Tuesday night,
you saw a tough turnover by EK 65.
Carlson just threw a backhand, soft back into the middle.
Nashville went down and scored.
Nashville's also really good, so that was a tough game.
But they just don't look like they're in sync yet, which is surprising.
But you got to figure that it's an early start.
But like we said after, I think it was the last episode we did,
we started off 0-3, 0-4.
Well, all of a sudden, you know, say you win one of the next three,
then you're 1-7.
It's like it can quickly snowball.
It really can.
And that division, the good thing is I don't think that division's that great.
So they'll be able to make up points, I think.
But still, again, you can't start 2-8, 2-9.
I mean, the Blues last year be that won't be common that's
a kind of a once in a lifetime thing so they got to figure it out soon i mean i think we mentioned
it last episode there last year they didn't start very well and then they ended up making a run
last season so you're getting a short off season once they get their d and rhythm especially ek
and burnsy i think they're going to be all right but you got they got to stop the bleeding soon
and i think them picking up marlo for 700 no involved there. It's a bit of a moral boost
in that locker room. And just hearing Joe Thornton's comments about him, you know,
and pumping his tires, it might actually even been before he signed. He was saying that, you know,
they skate together in the summertime and Marleau's still the nicest skater out there, he said. So,
you know, happy Joe's got his buddy back. and I'd imagine that this is going to be a boost
to them they're gonna start winning some hockey games there's two other things that are kind of
an issue one bigger than the other the first is um the smaller one but still Pavelski's gone and I
know there's a guy that's not in the locker room anymore who cares it's just a little different
vibe the leader of your team isn't there. It's just a different feeling.
Not necessarily that's the reason that they've started off slow,
but the other thing and the bigger issue is Martin Jones.
And you guys remember last year, there was issues a lot of the season,
and the start has been not good.
Him and Hellebuck, two very surprising poor starts.
Hellebuck hasn't really played,
but it's just a couple things that has to get figured out.
It's early, so there's no panic, but it has to happen soon enough.
One thing that scares me is Jones has been fairly inconsistent here
for a decent amount of time.
As a Sharks fan, I would be concerned about the goaltending situation
moving forward because thinking when they got him
and they ended up signing him,
they had that locked up and there was going to be no worries
or concerns moving forward.
So something to look forward to, R.A.,
and I'm sure that we spent enough time on this subject.
Yeah, it was interesting.
They kind of took turns during the playoffs last year
bailing each other out.
He'd have a shit start and then the team would score goals for him
and then he would shut the door late in the game.
It was almost like he was playing two games in one.
But either way, we'll be hearing more about the Sharks later.
The old game would kind of wink, wink.
I did mention we have sports nuts Ryan Leslie coming on,
and actually we're going to bring him on shortly to talk about the events.
Tuesday night, L.A., Calgary.
These two teams have one of the best, I think,
one-on-one individual rivalries in maybe sports between Matty Kachuk and Drew Doughty.
Matty Kachuk got into his kitchen his rookie year, and he's never left.
These two are always battling.
Last night, great game.
Each guy had three points.
Doughty got the last laugh with the game-winning goal.
Biz, what's your take on these two?
This is an unreal rivalry, eh?
It's unreal.
I'm just a little confused as to Calgary fans
who are saying how
washed up doughty is i mean that guy's accomplished more than your entire organization
they brought your history what's that and they blind i mean well it just like seems to be the
narrative like oh and i and i say it because we have uh ryan leslie coming on um i'm soon to break
things down and he had a closer look but i mean I think I think Doughty needs that type
of of drama in order to get himself fired up later in his career because he seems to thrive off of
it and an example was his performance the other night in Calgary and if that's something that
could you know lift the spirits of that team that would be much needed they've you know not to say
they've been going through the motions but they just haven't had their mojo that core group of
guys who are getting a little bit older so maybe they can rally around this and and and
continue to have success uh as far as um moving away from the rivalry you know uh quick's first
game not the best he's still got to get his feet under him but dowdy was dowdy made a comment about
quickie and and you know how he thinks he's going to come back and find his game.
But they do have Jack Campbell.
He ended up stepping in that in Calgary, ended up getting the overtime win.
And, you know, I thought he did a pretty good job of kicking there. But as far as Kachuk's concerned, these are two guys that just compete.
And I love the fact that Kachuk, as young as he is, isn't scared of shit.
He'll chirp vets.
And, you know, it just makes for entertainment.
And this is what this business is about.
It's great.
It's great.
I think we might as well go over to Leslie now because we talked about it
more in depth, but it's awesome for the league.
And he mentions that right away.
So right now we'll bring in Ryan Leslie who works for Sportsnet,
covers the Flames, and gives us some inside info on the Kachuk-Doughty beef,
along with some updates from what's going on in Calgary earlier in the year.
So thanks for joining us, Ryan. Here he is.
Tons of action in the NHL on Tuesday night,
especially between the LA Kings and Calgary Flames.
And we have the Sportsnet host, Ryan Leslie,
on to join us to talk about the Kachuk and Doughty battle
because this thing is just getting out of control. Ryan Leslie, welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets
podcast. Boys, it's good to be with you. Yeah, that was a, I think, refreshing. It's an ongoing
feud, but we need more of it. It got a little nasty and it delivered. So I think everybody
went home happy. I'm sure the Flames themselves would have liked the extra point.
But, man, I mean, that was a game, a boring old Tuesday night,
L.A., Calgary, that had a little sizzle, a little jam,
and it lived up to it.
The fans' reaction to Doty in the corner.
I think he said something like, suck my, I don't want to finish it
because we've got a Sportsnet guy on with us.
But have you seen Flames fans that pissed off in a long time or what?
It was great.
And honestly, he came off fired up.
And we were waiting to chat with him as soon as he did the walk off.
And, I mean, I can't even repeat what he said when he came off.
It was just fantastic.
A lot of emotion.
A lot of sticking it to the fans.
You know he had to feel good about it.
He had three points on the night.
So did Kachuk.
He lived up to the billing.
And you could just see him explode when he went to the glass after that goal.
And certainly let Flames fans know.
They let him know right back. So, you know, we ran some sound of him, you know,
chirping Kachuk earlier, too, in September.
And honestly, it was great.
I don't think this thing's going away.
They meet in a couple of weeks.
And I know I was, like everybody else we were listening to,
dowdy afterwards, say, I just want to put this to bed.
It ain't going anywhere.
Actually, I'm glad you brought that up because
I saw the quote that Kachuk
was told that Doughty said he's ready to bury
the hatchet. There's no video of Doughty saying
that though, right? Did he just say it to a couple of you
guys? No,
not necessarily bury the hatchet, but he just kind of
wants to put it, it's over, it's done kind
of thing, but he didn't really put it to bed and some of his comments were still keeping it afloat.
And then when that message was relayed to Chuck in the Flames room, he said, I look forward to round two in a couple of weeks.
So this thing's just heating up.
And you know what?
Aside from the war of words in the media, which I think is great, and it builds up and it promotes,
war of words in the media, which I think is great, and it builds up and it promotes.
But as long as it's not just a pillow fight of words and it's an actual,
we're going to see it on the ice either through great play or lots of hits or lots of chirps,
then I think, you know, and it delivers in terms of, you know, points and a great game,
then we all win.
I don't think there's anything wrong with this, guys.
I don't think you would either. This is sorely lacking in what I remember the NHL to be.
We need more of this.
I also love that, yeah, it's not over to Kachuk
because Doughty just scored the game winner.
That's like knocking a guy out and saying, okay, we're good.
The other guy's like, no, no, no, hold on here.
It was a heavyweight fight.
It was like even a middle. It like haggler hearns it was
just you know non-stop and it it was great and then just to see that ridiculous goal that kachuk
scored where he arguably had the high stick and then tapped it in out of the mid out of midair i
mean uh a couple of taps on it to finish it and you thought okay that tied it up this thing you
know what are we going to see next and it thought okay that tied it up this thing you know what are
we going to see next and it just happened to go the other way for uh flames fans but you cannot i
mean calgary gets a point that's great uh but also you know this thing just you can't be disappointed
with how this thing went in any way shape or form for those hockey fans who are new to this rivalry
especially between those two personally how did this all begin this is a few years ago guys like
this was an elbow and you know matthew has this way of kind of turning in and
throwing his ass back and an elbow up and and it and it caught dowdy really good and then there
was some comments after that there was was a fight, Kyle Clifford.
There was all kinds of after effects following that play.
And then it just became verbal.
And then there was some bad blood that would spill over from time to time.
And then on after hours, Kachuk was asked about it again.
I thought it was kind of on simmer at that point.
And then Scott Oak decided to stoke the fire a little bit on Saturday night
after hours.
Ryan, I wanted to ask,
I think what was surprising in the initial days to like a Joe six pack guy
like myself was that I guess the doubt he took the rookie's bait.
I think he had eight years in the league at that point.
And it was just kind of rookie trip, trip anywhere.
Whereas other guys are like, yeah, whatever kid.
It seems like doubt he really took the bait and now like could Chuck kind of
live in rent free in his head.
Would you agree with that assessment?
I would, and what's surprising is that Dowdy is accomplished.
Dowdy is a Stanley Cup winner, a Norris Trophy winner,
but he just can't help himself.
He just cannot.
Even when he wants to shut himself down
or when the team tries to shut himself down,
he can't shut himself down or when the team tries to shut himself down um he can't help himself and uh and kachuk for the most part has that really good way of getting under your skin sometimes less is more but i think on the ice you know he's verbally assaulting guys
and i think it just ticks guys off to no end so you know, I think it's great, and I hope it continues.
I hope there's more of these rivalries.
You see Reeves and Kane.
That's one thing.
But, you know, you don't see a lot of true one-on-one ongoing heated, hated.
I would argue that it's rent-free.
We know Dowdy's reactive.
Now, last year the Kings had an off year.
I think even the year before that, did they get swept in the first round?
But, I mean, I could see the team overall, Calgary's been beating them up a little bit.
Maybe Kachuk's had some better stats.
But as far as you mentioned his accomplishments in the past,
Dowdy, I think that's what gets him going.
He's firing himself up.
So I get that people keep using the rent-free term,
but, I mean, fuck, he outshined Kachuk last game.
I mean, he ended up having the OT winner,
and if anything, I would say it's a pretty even battle at this point.
Yeah, I'd agree with the standpoint of it fires him up.
It fires both of these guys up.
There's no shortage of emotion.
So keep her going i don't
care what you say just let it go it's great for fans it's great for us on our side of it and
again as long as it delivers it's not hurting anybody let's have it's still the nhl right
well another narrative that's been going on is uh is that doughty's washed up from from certain
calgary flat the fans like i mean that's a little naive from their standpoint, no?
Yeah, I don't think this guy's going anywhere.
I mean, his resume's solid.
He's got a heck of a contract, which certainly is a challenge.
But, no, this guy, again, three points last night.
I don't know, maybe the fact that, you know,
he's taken some of the buildup and some of the hype away
from some of the other things on that team.
You know, they needed a win, and they went out and got one.
Their first of the season under a new coach, some new faces,
and to go along with some veterans who are learning some new tricks.
So, I mean, he's doing everything he can.
And as we know, it's sometimes the game within the game.
Oh, yeah, Calgary fans, you wouldn't take Doughty on your blue line, you knuckleheads.
What are they talking about?
I haven't seen that. This is all over
Twitter. That's bullshit if that's
the case.
Well, that contract is one that would
make me pause.
It's going to take more years, boys.
I'd still take them.
We're a players podcast, Les.
I agree the league needs more of this kind of
ball back and eye and cheek type of shit
to keep people entertained. How this all
kicked off is pretty funny, but I want to ask
you, do you think that this kind of like, you know,
the dressed down conservative nature of hockey players
that we've seen for so long, do you think
that this guy, these type of guys going
away is a fad, or is this like the new way
of things? Because hockey, you know, by nature,
it's a team sport, and you don't want guys kind of standing outside the norm. So I wonder if this is just a fad or is this like the new way of things because hockey you know by nature it's a team sport and you don't want guys kind of standing outside the norm so i wonder if this is just a fad with these
young kids or are we seeing a real change in the horizon right now i i kind of think that the way
some of these young guys and we can compare it to the rfa class everything's getting younger and
everything's pretty high end skill and i would imagine that applies to maybe some of their
inability
to just kind of follow the norm.
These guys are running their own show.
You've talked to enough of these young guys.
There's confidence. They understand
fitting in and
being respectful to veterans, but
they also know that they're running
this league and they're getting paid
and they can play.
So I think if you're going to see this type of thing, it may tick an old-school guy off like Dowdy a little bit,
where these young guys come in and haven't done as much as he has in the league.
And he's said as much, that this guy hasn't done anything in this league yet.
And, you know, I could see why that would rub opposition veterans the wrong way.
But these young kids aren't going anywhere,
and they are not afraid to run their mouths, bury the puck,
and make you know that they're good.
Les, I know you're at the Mumford  Sons concert in Dallas,
so we won't keep you much longer,
but there's a few other things I wanted to ask you about.
Do you think that James Neal's making Peters look a little bad right now
as far as his usage was last year?
I know he had a really tough start to the year,
but a lot of people think that he put him behind the eight ball
and wanted to bury him.
You know, the truth is it wasn't going to work here.
I think James would tell you that if he hasn't already.
A fresh start is exactly what he needed, and he's got one in Edmonton.
You know, there was two different needs.
The Oilers needed scoring.
The Flames needed toughness.
And it was a trade that really did benefit both.
I think true living, by the way, says to say hello.
Loved you and your time in Arizona.
He was talking about you tonight.
Love true living.
Love his ties.
He knew and has said publicly that, you know,
James Neal is going to score some goals up there.
There's just no getting around it.
He was going to do it.
Do you expect four goals in one night?
I don't know.
That was a little aggressive.
But, you know, this is going to happen.
And you had to go out and not be afraid to pull the trigger
on addressing a team need, and it's going to cost you.
And they had to give up a proven goal scorer who just was not scoring goals in Calgary.
So it is what it is.
I think Calgary is going to have no problem accepting it, watching it.
The more goals he scored, the better chance they're going to get at a third-round pick.
Also his compensation.
So they know Milan Lucic is the
player they needed he's been active he's got close to 30 minutes and penalties so he's fought twice
he's a presence out there and I can tell you from the Flames room they're happy to have him I know
they have a lot of respect for James Neal but they also know they needed some toughness that
last time I checked Luc Luchich provides.
Well, it's only three games in, but you see all these Calgary games so closely.
Anything that sticks out to you that could kind of be a concern
or anything on the other end that looks great?
I mean, Goudreau comes out buzzing.
That's no surprise, but I know you're seeing a lot of things way more in depth than we are.
Yeah, you know, I don't want to keep an eye on David Riddick.
He's been pretty solid, giving him a shot through three games.
This is a guy, you know, Calgary guys,
they haven't had a real go-to goalie since Mika Kiprasov.
And you wonder where some guys come from goalie-wise out of the blue, right?
Like, you know, is it somebody you find?
Is it somebody you trade for?
And I want to see now that David Riddick has every opportunity in front of him
to be the guy, how he responds.
And so far, so good.
So that's one worth keeping an eye on.
I think just the start last night at home against L.A.
was sort of like you wonder if they thought, we're going to be okay,
we'll just kind of ease into this.
And L.A. handed it to them in the first period.
So starts are going to be something.
But Calgary's been so good in the third period over the last few years that they know they can just dial it up. So
you don't want to rely on that. So I think just, just being a consistent team,
it's one thing to know it. It's another thing to go out and prove it. And, uh, you know,
they just haven't had a lot of playoff success. So I think they're a ticked off bunch.
That's a little pissy on certain nights they've
got great skill but can they keep it together and get it going be and act like the team you know you
should be because you know getting beat up and eliminated the way they did against uh colorado
is still very top of mind for these guys no matter what you hear about parking it
they use this thing as motivation as individuals every day uh one other guy i wanted to ask you about was that mangio panni he held
out a little bit ended up getting a a seven hundred thousand dollar one year contract i i know he was
probably a little upset at the number but what does he bring to that lineup you know what that's
a that's a great uh that's a great point because that was a bit of a weird
situation he had no rights he wasn't going to make he got his qualifying offer so that was some weird
advice but he's a good kid he's a sixth round pick from a few years back when the draft was down in
florida and honestly this kid in the last couple of games has earned himself a spot on the second
line he's not the biggest guy.
He jumped in on McDermott.
They have some history going back in the O.
But this is a smaller player who's got some really good skill,
and he's really, despite that little holdout of his,
the coach really likes him, and the coach is going to use him.
And he played a lot of time there last night on that second line,
replacing Sam Bennett.
And I think you're going to see it there.
That's what I was just going to ask you about.
I would imagine that he probably took Sam Bennett's spot.
Now, he was another guy who signed an extension where, you know,
people were looking forward to him kind of excelling his game
and becoming more of a dominant threat offensively.
Now, what did you see in training camp,
and what are you seeing early in the season from Sam Bennett?
You know, Bennett's one of those guys who's tough, he's gritty,
and he had to discover that he can play that style.
When you're a junior sniper and a high draft pick,
you know, you think that's what you're going to be.
And I think he realized there's some other aspects to his game
that are keeping him there,
because the scoring hasn't been there the way he'd like, but other aspects of his game that are keeping him there because the scoring hasn't been there the way
he'd like but other aspects of his game have been but a couple of costly penalties last night he has
a sometimes a knack for taking penalties that hurt either in the offensive zone or one that
the opposition will make you pay for so this was one I think just wasn't going his way last night
but but Mangiapane really just you know is a is a young guy who's ready to take advantage of the opportunity.
So I know Peters is going to probably keep him there for a little bit.
Bennett will be back.
Bennett's versatile.
Bennett's tough.
Sneaky tough.
Guys love how tough he is.
And I think he's going to be a very vital member of this team this year.
Ryan, I got one more for you before we let you go to the concert.
Have you ever had a guy refuse to say another guy's name in an interview before?
Yeah, I don't think I have, now that you ask it.
I don't think there's  not that I can think of anyhow, but I'm sure it's been there.
But that one's got the spotlight on it for sure.
It's beautiful. It's delicious. Absolutely. It's got a real, like, schoolyard quality to it, I think sure it's been there, but that one's got the spotlight on it. It's beautiful.
It's delicious.
Absolutely.
It's got a real, like, schoolyard quality to it, I think, you know?
Like, no, I'm not saying his name.
Like, you know, I'm not going to do that.
It's pretty funny.
Like you say, it's entertaining and stuff that the league needs,
and it's great to sell the game.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a little childish, the war of words.
And if he gives me a compliment, I'll give one back.
Like, that was a bit weak.
I think, you know, going back and drawing up a comeback, he can come up with something better. But, hey, we war of words. And if he gives me a compliment, I'll give one back. Like, that was a bit weak. I think, you know, going back and drawing up a comeback,
he could come up with something better.
But, hey, we'll take it.
We'll run with it.
Well, Les, enjoy your concert.
We appreciate you coming on.
It was good to see Looch end up fighting there to turn things around
so that thing turned into a game on Tuesday night.
So good luck the rest of the way, and we'll talk to you soon.
Hey, hope to catch up with you in Arizona.
And the door is always open in Calgary, boys we'll talk to you soon. Hey, hope to catch up with you in Arizona, and the door's always open in Calgary, boys.
Hope to see you soon.
And we want to say thanks once again to Ryan Leslie for joining us
to talk about that great little rivalry.
Really, not a little rivalry, a big rivalry between Drew Doughty
and Matty Kachuk.
It's certainly entertaining, and we can't get enough of it.
The fact they're going to play each other four times a year
for probably the next eight years, good stuff.
Oh, imagine they met in playoffs oh my i would fly out there to watch every game yeah seriously i'd be buzzing i'd be on the team charter yeah calgary la tough cities to go travel
to i'm in for that one yeah really let's just do it anyways now uh come on from a town with
easier kills to harder kills in la.A. and Calgary?
Wait, actually, which one's easier, Biz?
This is actually
Oh, Calgary.
Calgary is tough, man.
Why is L.A. tough to get kills in, dude?
You've got to spend money there.
I don't like to ball out, as they say.
I like to go to bars and stuff.
Well, you like to ball out when you take me and Grinnell.
You can get chicken nuggets.
You can go out and get chicken nuggets and fries in Calgary.
Biz has to go to, like, hard-o sushi restaurants with Rockets in L.A.
It's tough on the wallet.
Biz balled out for us, though.
He took care of us at Tao last week or two weeks ago.
That was a pretty good meal he hooked it up with.
I got this cheap label.
I ain't that cheap.
No, not for me, buddy.
Not for me.
I do get a couple injuries to report the old Pittsburgh Penguins out of the
year,
a little,
well,
it's going to get a little rougher for them.
Gino Malkin and Nick Bukestad are both going to be out with long-term
lower body injuries.
Needless to say,
it's huge for a team to lose its second and third centers,
but especially when number two is a future hall of famer. And the division therein got a lot tougher.
Teams got better.
Fortunately, neither guy is going to need surgery,
but it further taxes the D and the goaltending.
And before you know it, you know, your season could slip away from you.
What would you take on these injuries?
And what will Pittsburgh need to do to ride the mountain,
not fall too far out of playoff position?
Yeah, it's a disaster.
A disastrous start already. to ride the mountain, not fall too far out of playoff position. Yeah, it's a disaster, right?
A disastrous start, R.A. I think if you look at the season that Malkin was prepared to have
and the story that was written this summer about how he was ready for a new start,
he was ready to roll, and then he gets injured the other night,
along with Bugisad, who found a great role
and played a lot of good games for the Penguins last year.
I mean, to lose your two-and-three center,
I don't even know how you come back from that.
You're going to need guys to step up, play roles that they're not used to playing,
and you need Crosby to just light it up.
The issue is that when you look at the Malkin injury,
he got ridden against the boards and he was down on one knee.
It looked like it could have been his shoulder.
I kind of watched it a couple times.
I mean, I hate to guess, but they said soft tissue in his
leg. Oh, so it did?
Oh, they ended up coming out with it?
That's what I read online.
It's just
crazy that if it's soft tissue
in the leg and they're already saying long-term
and it's longer than Bugistad, you wonder how
much of an issue that could be, but
it is not good.
The other night, they played Winnipeg.
Winnipeg's sixth defenseman, I don't know if you guys caught this,
Carl Dahlstrom, Neil Pionk, Vielle Hanola, Tucker Pullman,
Anthony Boteto, Sammy Niku.
They didn't have 400 games combined of NHL experience and Winnipeg
dusted Pittsburgh.
So on a night that those two guys get
injured, you can kind of understand
a little bit, but I thought Pittsburgh would be
ready to go and buzz and really take
down Winnipeg that night with the defense
that they're working with, with all the injuries they're
going through and the Bufflin being out.
It's a scary time in Pittsburgh. You wonder
what will happen as everyone gets a little bit going through and the buffling being out but it's a scary time in pittsburgh you wonder um
what will happen is as everyone gets a little bit older and then these injuries make it even
scarier for penguins fans trying to figure out how this season's going to go and especially when
you don't even have a time frame and when malcolm's going to be back and you mentioned that winnipeg
game too and i was a little critical of line ace playmaking ability and what's he doing he's
putting the sandpaper finish on no spin no lube and he's all of a sudden playmaking ability and what's he doing he's putting the sandpaper finish on no
spit no lube and he's all of a sudden a fucking playmaker what the fuck is going on line a so
he's uh he's doing well uh that that team yeah like you said with they're they're thin on the
back end it's crazy just you know over the off season just poof gone no more big names back
there but hey they had a great, solid game against Pitt there
and dominated them.
Pittsburgh is in trouble.
Can Crosby lead this hockey team to a playoff spot?
The stat that blew me away, it wasn't even a stat,
was just that none of the defensemen in that game for Winnipeg
played in their last playoff game when they lost to  who did they lose to last year, guys?
Was it the Blues that beat them?
Blues beat them.
Great call.
Blues beat them.
So when the fuck do you think it's ever happened before that a team loses
in the playoffs and three games into the next season,
not one defenseman is on the team or playing?
Guys are on the team.
That was crazy to see, so that's a tough time.
But good of them to go in and get a big road win
when the team's really depleted on the defensive side.
I thought it was interesting that Coach Sullivan said
Geno's injury wasn't season-threatening, and he meant it to the player.
In other words, his whole season wasn't in jeopardy.
But I thought it was kind of interesting because in two months without him,
it could be a season-threatening injury to the team.
You know, two months without Gino, that could be the undone of the Penguins.
And just to reiterate the point, he actually hurt his leg, not his knee.
And per Rob Ross, he's looking at six to ten weeks being out.
And they have not moved either guy to long-term injury reserve,
quite frankly, because they haven't had to.
You don't need to do that if you're going to go over the cap.
You know, scoring will be an issue for the Pens,
but it won't be for Roman Swipes' uses, guys.
You know, a lot of guys try different ways to last longer,
thinking about Gretzky's stats and how many trophies Bob Ewell has
in that picture.
All these things guys try to think about to delay.
Well, the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game at Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
I hope you're listening, biz.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting.
Best part, they don't require a prescription.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each Swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it. Swipes are great. They will not transfer
it to your partner, so you can last longer without worrying, and they're super easy to use.
Just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry, and you're good to good to good
to go. That's it. When you go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets, you can get your first month of swipes for just 5.
When you choose a monthly plan, if you use the link,
GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
One more time, it's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Hopefully you'll give it a world biz so you can last longer.
We know how much you like to last longer.
Speaking of lasting longer, Evgeny Kuznetsov with the real one-time
backhand the last night.
Unreal goal. Did you happen to see that
one, Biz?
I mean, backhand
is hot enough. It was a legit one-time
backhand. I forget who we beat. Oh, Ben
Bishop, dude, was probably one of the better
goals of the year we've seen so far.
Both tweeted out from
Lane. What do you call it? That was a sick game.
That was a great game, too.
Dallas needed a win.
Of course, the wit mush.
I said, we're going to make a lot of money on Dallas.
They started 0-3.
So they went in on the road.
They actually gave up a goal late.
I think there was a minute left, and Baxter might have tied it up.
And then, you know, huge goal by Sagan in overtime.
So Dallas needed that win to get going.
That was a good one on the road. A couple other games that really stood out to me was Carolina-Florida,
and I know we mentioned the Yance song, but Carolina, you guys.
I think one of you guys picked them to miss the playoffs.
I did.
I didn't think their goaltending was going to be good.
Another guy put on the old sandpaper finish, James Reimer,
ended up having a 46-save performance against his former team,
the Florida Panthers.
And, boys, their offense is insane.
You mentioned that they came back in their first three games, right, R.A.?
Excuse me?
Yeah, yeah.
The Hurricanes have cost me more money than some actual Hurricanes have cost
governments so far this year.
4-0 out of the gate.
Reimer gets 47 fucking saves versus the old team.
And, yeah, last night or Tuesday was the first game
because they did not have to come from at least two goals down to win the game.
They're putting it right in my hoop with fucking sandpaper and all that other stuff.
Wait, you picked them in the missed playoffs as well?
No, I've been betting against them.
Not that I'm saying, oh, I'm betting against Carolina.
What happened was three separate games I bet.
I looked at the team I liked, and it just so happened they were playing Carolina.
By the way, Carolina fans, stop fucking crying.
I'm not picking against your team.
I just happen to be betting teams that
You said this last episode.
I know, and they fucking kept crying.
And Carolina kept winning, so they fucking  they hooped me four times.
They should have been fading there, R.A.
That's their fault.
Hey, I told you.
I suck in October and November.
I don't know how much more warning you can get.
We did have a pretty big retirement on Tuesday.
It's a guy that might not have been a household name,
or at least outside of Philly,
but a guy who factored into one of the biggest moments of the NHL this century.
He only had 110 NHL games played with four franchises over 10 seasons,
only 16 playoff games, but it was the 2010 Flyers run. Mike Layton hung up the skates, man. He was
a huge part of hockey history. Patrick Kane's goal that kicked off the Blackhawks franchise,
he was the guy who was in net. It was kind of a weird goal. It went underneath the padding. No
one knew what happened. So he's got a big part of hockey history,
even if he didn't have the longest NHL career.
But also, we'd like to salute him because this is a guy who played 18 years
professionally total for 21 different teams, saw all that rubber,
and he officially hung him up.
So kudos to Mike Layton for his career of being a grinder,
being a journeyman goaltender, and also having a hell of a run back in 2010.
Yeah, great point, R.A.
Great career there.
Congratulations to him.
Boys, one more thing before I send it over to you, R.A.,
is, wait, I'm going to ask you this question.
You might have already seen the answer.
How many games would you assume that Josh Bailey's played in the NHL
for the Islanders?
I'm not going to look up when he was drafted.
Five years, 380?
Dude, this guy has to be the quietest guy to ever reach 800 games played.
Josh Bailey has played.
I said 380.
That's eight.
If you would have asked me, I probably would have said around 400.
So congratulations.
I was thinking 500 immediately.
Then I was like, no, wasn't that guy drafted like five years ago?
I couldn't believe it.
So congrats to him as well.
And like I said, that might be the sneakiest 800 games played ever.
And Bailey, you're a piece of trash.
If you play more than 1,000 games,
then you cost those guys some money in the locker room.
Speaking of 800, we should have said it earlier when we were talking about Keith.
But Keith Yandel, 800 straight, guys.
800 straight.
Oh, he hit it recently?
Just last game.
Just the other night, they lost to Carolina.
His 800th straight game.
The only American to ever do that, I believe.
So congrats to him.
What a career it's been.
Keep that train chugging along.
R.A., would you have guessed that 800 games is what Josh Bailey had played?
After you text 100, I would have.
Oh, that's right.
I did text it to the group chat, so Whit might have missed that one.
Yeah, no, I definitely wouldn't have.
It just goes to show you, man, how quick fucking time flies by, you know?
I mean, but you're pretty psyched, Biz, because 800, you don't have to buy a gift for 800 right no no actually it's worse because the
player who's 800th game it is you have to put 800 bucks on the board some guys actually put more
for if they're if they're bailey's probably made enough money where he's probably putting a team
dinner on the board for his 800th which he should. But every time you hit a milestone already,
you usually put that dollar amount on the board minimum.
Ah, okay. Interesting. I did not know that.
Like Derek Morris was like one of the nicest guys ever
and very generous with his money.
I think when he played 1,000, he put like 5,000 on the board
for the team win and 5,000 for the trainers.
I don't think I played with a guy who treated, well, I guess Donor and Jovo too,
but Morris was very good to the trainers.
Actually, before we send it over to J.B. Spiegel,
a couple of quick notes on late night I forgot to add.
In the Eastern Conference Finals that year,
he shut out the Canadians three times out of four wins that year,
which I thought was crazy.
And then even while he leads the team all the way to game six of the Cup,
he only played in seven more NHL games after that Cup run.
So it was kind of like a little bit of a Haley's Comedy came
and it came and went real quick.
So a couple of interesting notes, I thought.
But without further ado, let's send it over to J.B. Spiegel.
This is a pretty good interview.
I think you guys are going to enjoy it.
We're now pleased to be joined by a very special guest, a man I met, I believe it was 2007, with the Pittsburgh Penguins, named J.B. Spiesel, who was the co-founder of Elite Leadership Training.
26 years of military service, including 10 years as he led the Special Operations U.S. Army Rangers in combat, Panama and Haiti 1994, Panama 1989.
It's such a pleasure for you to come to New York City.
Flew from Vegas to be with us, and I'm just thrilled to see you again.
It's been over 10 years since we got to catch up.
Thanks, Whit.
Glad to be here.
You look awesome.
Good job.
You're still working out.
Wow, this guy's going to pump everybody's tires.
You always pump my tires.
Whoa, whoa, my turn, my turn. You too, Biz. You're still looking good. Keep, this guy's going to pump everybody's tires. You always pump my tires. Whoa, whoa, my turn, my turn.
You too, Biz.
You're still looking good.
Keep it going.
What about the six-pack?
Mention the six-pack.
He's looking right now.
I don't know if we'll go there yet.
So JB's book came out just recently, Warrior Leadership, Steps to Success for Leaders on the Ground.
So we have so much to get into in JB's time with the military, in the Army, and also what he's then gone on to
do with hockey teams and a lot of athletes and leaders in every part of every aspect of the
world. So I'm just wondering, how's life going now for you? I mean, you're out in Vegas and
things have changed so much since the last time I saw you. It's going good. I appreciate it.
You know, I retired from the military in 2010 after 26 years. I joined the Army in 1984,
middle class family from Pittsburghittsburgh and said i
was going to pay for my own college and went to see the army recruiter and uh you know it's way
before google or internet and the recruiter's like what do you want to do do some push-ups have you
do some push-ups have you do some pull-ups and he's like what do you want to do i was like i
don't really know he's like why don't you become an army ranger he's like what do they do i said
i said what do they do he goes jump out what do they do? He goes, jump out of airplanes, blow stuff up.
I said, sign me up.
So I thought I'd spend four years in the military, get out, and be a school teacher, coach hockey and baseball.
That was kind of my dream.
And 26 years later, it worked out for me.
Obviously, I was in the Ranger Regiment.
I was a drill instructor.
And I got to work at West Point right up the road here for about 10 years was amazing officer also officer candidate school so um you know it just worked
out that i began this uh leadership and culture development about 2005 the new york rangers came
to west point for a team building event and i put them through something similar i put you through
we'll get into that a little bit right and um and then uh actually glenn say they're called me down and said hey you know you're pretty good at this and i was like pretty
good at what he's like this leadership because i see how men look at you you give them uh proper
advice to help them on their education and learning and so this is what you should do so there you
have it so i'll never forget when you first spoke to us on the penguins um he left this meeting and
kind of just addressing us for the first time uh he left this meeting and kind of just addressing
us for the first time and everyone was like holy shit literally like just not demanding respect but
almost you just want to listen to every word you said you described leadership and what it meant
to be on a team so well in just our first 30 minutes but before we get into a lot of that
stuff i'm wondering because so many people aren't sure even myself army rangers uh delta green
berets navy seals are. Is that all similar?
I know it's different parts of the military and Navy, but
Sure.
They're all Tier 1 Special Operations units.
So the Ranger Regiment  and now the Ranger Regiment has been in constant combat more than any other unit in the military.
So the Ranger Regiment is a great foundation for learning and being in special operations.
And a lot of those young men end up going to Delta Force.
So Delta Force is actually the pinnacle.
Also, a sister force would be the Navy SEALs and also Special Forces Green Brace.
All do a little bit different things.
All do some of the same things.
But hardened warriors get after it, kick know, kick ass, take names and,
uh, you know, care for each other a lot like athletes, right? So exactly. Yeah. And that's
probably how it's led into this, this ability for you to speak to athletes where it's such
different things that you're going against, but the whole idea of leadership and getting guys
together to go after the same goal is all the same. It's all the same. Everybody wants to,
everybody wants to win
and do well, whether you're a, you know, stay at home parent or you're a school teacher or a first
responder, or you're working in an office, you want to be successful. You don't want to, um,
let your teammate down, your workmate down. So there's a lot of, there's a lot of attributes
that the military uses that, that civilian life athletes pick up i mean look at your you both played this game at
the highest level you were a 23 man platoon right of course your weapons of war were different and
and and maybe the outcomes were a little different too but you know you learn things together by you
know living together being on the road together working together relying on each other and uh
those are the same attributes that people want to do.
I mean, but also in a hockey team, sometimes you get, you know, a selfish teammate.
Okay.
And because of their talent, they're able to get to that top level.
You're dealing with a totally different ball game where you're talking lives here.
Do those selfish individuals squeak to the top?
Or when you're dealing with that, it's like, no way.
They've been weeded out by then. Well, you know, all the special operations forces have a selection
process to try to weed that out just as you do too. Sometimes that does happen and people do
make it through. You work very hard to try to tailor that type of selfishness. I mean, one of
the mantras is, you know um i will never
leave a fallen comrade i will never leave a teammate i will be a selfless servant and so
you work hard every day to try to mold that person into the into the right format um you know you
might have did it with uh some fisticuffs we used to have what we call the gig pit
we would go to this we go to this big sawdust pit and and let's see who the last man just square
off well I remember when I was a young ranger and I could tell when we weren't working together the
platoon sergeant be like gig pit would be like no and we would get there and that was like you know
it was a battle for the ages are those types types of things still going on, or have they tightened it up because of the climate?
And the culture?
Well, I mean, I think that, you know, the military does do a lot of advanced combatives now.
You know, there's a lot of hand-to-hand combat.
There's a lot of combatives.
There's still boxing going on.
If you're a cadet at West Point and you're a freshman, you're still going through boxing or some type of combatives training.
So there are times that you might have to put some hands on each other to learn things.
But, of course, we want to always try to inspire and motivate and educate, and I think that's the biggest part.
And you probably had young teammates that were very talented, and as they got educated, they turned a corner a bit.
They found ways you could bring that person in.
Obviously, if you need that person to win, I need that person's gun in the fight.
We try to have them adapt properly to the organization.
Interesting.
So you took to it right away, and I'm guessing you were good at it.
I mean, the way you climbed the ranks and you just enjoyed it that much that you knew right when you got in, all right, I'm in this for good.
Like, I love this.
Well, look, I didn't know anything about it.
And I was  next thing you know, I'm in basic training, AIT, airborne school.
And I go through  it was called back in those days RIP, Ranger Indoctrination Program.
And I'm standing in this program with like 130 guys.
I'm 18 years old, five five months in the army i have no
idea what i just stepped in for and i was like well i'm just not gonna quit today that was my
mantra i'm not gonna quit today and when the days got tough i'd be like okay i just got to make it
to lunch right like you know they they can cut me but i'm not gonna quit and next thing you know uh
you know i was standing with about uh you know 33 men left and got to go to my ranger.
How many started?
Sorry.
Over 130.
Jesus, that's a crazy drop off.
And so then I get to my unit.
And fortunately, I had a great squad leader.
He's in my book, Staff Sergeant Hugh Roberts.
He's a legend in the Rangers, retired Sergeant Major as well.
And took me under his wing and helped me and mold me.
And I think we talked a little bit about when you're being drafted to a team, right?
Yeah, we were just chatting about this.
Yeah, like when you're being drafted to a team, that team has to own you and help you.
And some teams do it better than others.
And that's part of that developmental process.
Everybody needs something differently, right?
So you as a leader have to find
out what that person needs to be successful so so jb when you first joined the army said you
really had no idea what you want to do i know some guys going oh i want to be a seal i want to do
this i want to do that but you know you keep working your way up was there some point you're
like get to your train you're like okay holy shit we're doing this now okay do you ever get to like
that level like wow this is i'm in some shit here well it was about two years in great question and uh i was like okay maybe i can do this and then uh you
know i kept getting promoted i kept going to all these great they call them whoa schools you know
halo and uh pathfinder all these great military schools where you're learning different things
uh and next thing you know 1989 you know uh manuel noriega went crazy and we jump in a
panama i'm 26 years old i leave an aircraft at about 450 feet that low it was low we were on
the ground and i remember i didn't even check my parachute i looked down and i see tracers going
everywhere i'm like damn okay this is it this is it it's on huh it's on how old are you at that
point i was uh probably 26 so it's my first time in combat this is eight years in this is it it's on huh yeah how old are you at that point i was uh probably 26
so it's my first time in combat this is eight years in this is what you've been this is what
you've been training for and uh i was like oh here we go so um so that was your first nhl game
right that was my first yeah so yeah stepped on the ice it's just so happy to be game seven of
the cup yeah yeah so um you know and i i just
think that uh you know i grew up i had a great family my mother and father were very very
supportive and and and helped me throughout life and i just tried to uh you know come from humble
means and i tried to impart what i've learned on people and i think that's where where it was very
good for me also as a drill instructor and then when i worked at west point i got to tell you i learned i knew i knew nothing about west point either as a sergeant being
selected to be a tech tech uh non-commissioned officer and uh now i'm there and you know i'm
partly in charge of a cadet company and and i learned so so much there too so uh now as you're
more and more these situations you get more experience do you are you able to stay calm through the whole thing or like as there's some situations like despite that you're in more and more of these situations, you get more experience. Are you able to stay calm through the whole thing?
Or like there's some situations like despite all your training, just the human nature takes over and you shit your pants even though you don't want to.
Well, I think what you do is it's like playing in the NHL game.
You don't think about it.
You got a job to do and I got to do it.
Okay.
You know, I'll worry about it later. So if it's my job to take down this target or guard this alley or whatever it is I'm going to have to do, take it.
It's the job I've got to do right now.
Worry about it later.
Kind of compartmentalize it a little bit?
Compartmentalize.
I remember  and once you get  once you've been shot at, then you're like, okay, that's what it sounds like.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
Just keep going.
Yeah, like take a puck to the face. Take a puck to the face take a buck to the face exactly yeah um well i want to get into more of that but
the hockey aspect when did it all come about where you i know glenn say there was the beginning of it
but you just spoke to hockey players and right away there was a connection right and and so you
enjoyed it as much as we enjoyed seeing you right i loved it yeah i loved it and it was i you know i
felt uh you know a part of your team and when i was helping you, right? I loved it. I loved it. And it was, you know, I felt, you know, a part of your team. And when I was helping you, I felt a part of it. And I felt
like, and, and it was great because, you know, you accepted me, right? So even though he does
something a little bit different, he doesn't play on the ice, it's okay. He can help us be
successful. So I, I thoroughly enjoyed that and I wanted to get better at it. And it just,
it took off from there. So the night that I'll never forget is uh this is West Point we went up for the Penguins I think we were there three or four days
and I don't remember it exactly as well as I'm sure you do but we met you I think at 10 o'clock
at night or nine o'clock at night and had no clue what was going on how did you decide what you were
about to put us through well it was funny because I just mirrored the Special Forces assessment.
So I've done Special Forces stuff, guys.
Thank you.
Right.
You've done Special Forces assessment.
So what we did is we just
Flamingo training for not wanting to block shots.
I'm the only Special Forces guy with a pink drink named after him.
So you're right, and you guys came out late at night, and next thing you know, we went to like four or five that morning and uh
i remember even you know the the cadre that came out with me to help they were like god these guys are tough this is awesome like they got into it too like and there was no whining no complaining
no no one being a prima donna being like okay this is what we have to do here's the task
let's get after it and uh you know that was a hard day that was a hard day i was like we have the day
off tomorrow right we ended up getting that off from terrian so part of this is all i remember
we were all carrying heavy things early and you're walking we must have walked 10 miles
and we finally get to a swamp and this thing's neck high if not neck high you know waist shoulder
high and we're like what's going on now? He's like, get in.
And I just remember being like in the pit.
You couldn't see.
I can imagine.
You're pitch black on the forest.
And he is in drill instructor JB mode.
Let's go.
And I was like, we're getting in?
What the fuck?
But he was telling me a great story of doing it with the Rangers guys.
And they had some jeans on that weren't appropriate for that swamp.
Well, so I get a call.
And my guys
are like hey you need to get down to the swamp i'm like what's going on i'm running around checking
all the different you know scenarios evolutions that are going on and i go down there and uh
you know i try to tell people like what to wear don't wear team gear because you're going to
destroy it but wear like you know a tactical set of pants or something like that and these guys
had on like 1500 yeah balenciaga jeans yeah i probably know. So it was most of the Euros and they took their jeans off and they wrapped them around
their neck and they were going through the underwear.
And my guys are like, this is amazing.
I'm like, oh, you know, adapt and overcome.
Good job.
And then like, it's funny because like some of the ranger staff was like, did you tell
them to do that?
I'm like, nope.
They got naked on their own.
So yeah.
What was Yager like during all the hogger was good so jogger lost his shoe
yeah that's 2800 yeah lost lost lost his shoe and casperitis was behind him and casperitis was like
keep moving keep moving and joggers like i lost my shoe i lost my shoe and casper's like just go
without it and like literally jogger did the rest of like the three and a half hours with one shoe on.
Oh, really?
And never complained.
Yeah.
Jesus, that's hardcore.
Like one shoe on, never complained.
I was like, okay, good job.
So when you first like saw a drill instructor, like did you ever think I'll be doing this someday?
You couldn't have because that is like.
No, and it's funny.
I talk about it in my book and I saw a drill instructor.
I was scared to death.
And the next thing you know. Screaming at you in your face, you told me.
And next thing you know, I'm a drill instructor, so I'm doing the same thing.
Do you have that same exact approach, or are you a little bit
No, I'm a little bit more kinder, gentler.
He's like, I'm harder.
He's like, I'm harder than that guy was.
Like that guy, if he goes overboard, he probably doesn't think about it, where if you do, you're like, I kind of want to but i kind of can't so like what do you ever do you ever say hey sorry we're getting hard on
you there but i needed to yeah yeah you should not say you're sorry yeah yeah he was like chalk
it chalk it up to experience yeah yeah i made that kid do 500 more push-ups than he probably
should have but it's good truly makes him stronger he makes him stronger dealing with a lot of nhl
guys have you ever gotten i know no one's ever probably gotten multi,
but maybe like Roller Riser, a little Deverac,
just because, you know, percentages,
maybe one of them might be a little pansy about it.
I mean, I think it was, everybody's been good.
I think George LaRock wanted to go one time.
Oh.
Remember that.
He was going to go you.
Oh, why?
Because he was pissed off at how much you guys had to do?
I don't remember exactly.
It was funny because he really had like a good attitude about all the training.
And next thing you know, they're like, you know, actually, Frankie Bonomo, you know, your Penn's PR guy came to me and said, JB, I think I think Georgie wants to fight you.
And I'm like, what?
I'm like, all right, George, come on.
I was good.
No, everybody's been really good.
Like people see that, you know, what we're trying to impart on them.
Look, here's the thing is I we're trying to impart on them. Look,
here's the thing is I'm not trying to reselect them.
I,
you know,
they're not going to be an army Ranger,
a Navy SEAL.
That's not what they're trying to do.
But what are you trying to do is just bring some of the attributes involved.
Okay.
Positive attributes.
Like,
you know,
wit and biz and,
and every,
every young man that's select on a team,
they're selected for a reason because they're talented.
So what I try to do is bring them into the fight as quick as possible um you know that's what you
want to do you know you heard chara just uh not too long ago talk about like his team and how he
brings guys oh what that was a nice nice sound bite there i think that was after practice right
exactly because he even when i work with college teams the first thing i do is i get rid of the
rite of passage like and what you probably had in college rookies pick up pucks rookies do this or or something like that i don't think there's any there's no need for that if
you're selected on the team that's because you can help that team win i had it when i was in
rangers i remember when i was a platoon sergeant and we had people you know graduate our indoctrination
program they come to the unit and then the sergeant would be like reselected him you know he's a fng
you know new guy that sort of thing and i'd be like he's already here be like, reselected him. You know, he's a FNG, you know, new guy, that sort of thing.
And I'd be like,
why are you reselecting him?
I need his gun in the fight.
So let's get him spun up.
The sooner his gun's in the fight,
maybe that'll save my life.
I can go home and see my kids.
And when you tell people that,
they're like, okay, I get it.
So that's,
and you both know,
playing a long time in your career,
you know, that's a balance, right?
You have to understand that when you're becoming a veteran and how you integrate people into the organization.
Oh, man.
I never understood when older guys were mean to the young guys where when I became
I couldn't wait to become a veteran because I enjoyed the fact that somebody was actually looking up to me.
But I wanted them to make it feel a part of it.
Like those would be the first guys I'd be ribbing when they came in the locker room,
but in a good way.
And then I would be like, hey, you guys doing good?
Because they don't have their younger cliques with the younger guys. And they just want, honestly, they just want you to be like, they want to be happy.
They want to please an older guy.
That's what it's about.
And it's fun.
You call them back to the bus, say, hey, tell me a story.
You know, did you get laid recently? I heard the boys i heard the boys chattering a little bit
they even and he's like yeah let me tell you yeah but ra what you said about guys possibly being
divas and i remember that night and at the beginning you're you're thinking like oh my
we're coming out here for a second you don't know when it's ending yeah you're meeting at 10 o'clock
and some guys are like what the fuck but then you just have so much respect for these guys
and what they're doing and what they've done that all of a sudden the whole team buys in and you're
just like they're it once i think that's like the respect people have for military army all veterans
it it allows it doesn't allow for an ability to complain about anything i remember that night
and just being like dude we're in this you felt like you were a part of what they do okay now i
know you're not gonna throw anyone on the bus,
but if there was one guy that you would be like,
I definitely wouldn't want this guy in the Army.
You think you would have been the worst?
No, we were boys.
I just had the worst.
Who was the one guy that maybe there was a bit of an issue?
He'll never throw them.
No.
All right.
Listen, I think everybody that I worked with had the ability to be successful, even people that were having problems with it.
And sometimes the environment is not right for them, and you've got to get them in the right environment.
And when you do that and you care about people, like Whit and I talked about, I went to 10 NHL combines, and I evaluated anywhere between 65 and 100 players.
In the interview process?
In the interview process.
And I wouldn't tell you who to draft and who not to draft.
I just said, okay, if you draft Witt, this is what he's going to need because he thinks different than you, Biz, than you, RA, thinks different.
So you want to help identify those leadership attributes,
those needs that that person needs.
And the whole thing is that we chatted,
like you're expected to be a leader in pro sports, but some people are like, you don't know how to be one.
You don't know how to be one.
And he mentioned to me that guys go to West Point four or five years
and then they're still hoping by the end that they've trained them well enough
to know how to lead.
But you come into the NHL and you're a young guy who gets the C put on your shoulder because
you're the best player on the team.
Well, you said you even talked to some guy recently in the working world who's like,
I don't really know what I'm doing right now.
Right.
Well, it's a common misconception that you're a born leader.
Now, of course, your primary caregiver, your parents, they can impart some of that leadership on you.
But age 11 or 12, it's on you.
And then all of a sudden you come into a team or an organization and all of a sudden you're
in charge of people or three people, four people, 23 people.
And okay, be the leader.
Well, I don't even know how to be a leader.
I'm barely leading myself.
Leadership is a learned trait.
You can learn it over time.
And of course,
like I said, West Point, you know, you take two years to select these men and women from high
school, put them through the process four or five years and then saying, you know, wow, I hope we
did enough. Right. So it's a learned trait. So people that feel like they're they're not a good
enough leader, you learn it over time. Of course, it's experience. But, you know, take some
professional classes. That's why people call me. me right you know they they look me up and
say hey i need some mentorship i need some leadership okay let me help you and that's what
it's about you don't even care what they do i don't even care what they do like we talked about
the different clients i have so um going back to the start i mean when you originally signed up
were you okay with structure always because all of a sudden you're getting thrown in the mix where
it's like you're up at a certain time and you're on their time most of the time well fortunately as humans
we are wired to deal with a regimented system and that's what the military is military is a
regimented system right like this is when you're going to get up this is when you're going to go
to bathroom this is where you go this is when you go to march this is go to shooting range
so i dialed into that pretty quickly um and i'm sure
you did it growing up with your teams right keep your mouth shut move well you said the dropout
rate was so much i'm curious to how many of these guys signed up and are like man like it's saturday
i kind of just want to sleep in today like i don't want to get up football's on yeah so you know i
imagine that's part of the drop-off rate and some people have that. A good friend of mine, he's retired from the Air Force and we always go
this Army Air Force thing because we'll tell stories. He's like, I could have never done that.
Like if my AC goes out, I'm complaining. But, you know, he did, you know, he did honorable and
terrific things in the Air Force, too. But it's just kind of a different thought process. You
know, listen, when you're in special operations, when you go there, you know that it's about the man or woman next to you.
That's it.
That's all that matters.
You know, like if you want to find out about a teammate, who do you ask?
One of their teammates or you ask their trainers, right?
Like this.
So it's the same thing.
Like if you go, if you're in a unit and you didn't do a good job, like it didn't matter if you got promoted or whatever. Your mate knows you didn't do a good job like it didn't matter if you got promoted
or whatever your mate knows you didn't do a good job and then you kind of have to live with that so
um but it's uh you know that uh every single day when you went to work you're like did i do enough
today to have a job tomorrow yeah right every day did i do enough today you know last easy day was
yesterday and the whole thing that's that's all true like you got to get after you got to get into gym that's why even now i you know i stay in shape
i work out every day because i you know i want to i want to be able to impart my leadership skills
on people so part of it is is like getting on a structured system yeah yeah it's pretty hard to
be like trying to lead people and then you got a big beer gut up there and they're like okay
it was the last time this guy had a salad.
Back to that night in Pittsburgh,
remember the PR guy?
What happened? Did he get left behind?
Yeah, so I think his name was Keith.
I believe Keith. We can beat that up.
Yeah.
Oh, listen to this. Well, so we started and really we started
at night and we started with this like, you know,
they had to carry all this gear up this mountain.
And,
uh,
we noticed like we just started the exercise.
We're only been about 45 minutes in and we noticed he'd started becoming
a heat casually.
Right.
So I called the medical,
he casually,
he was like,
what's that?
He was done.
He couldn't go anymore.
He was over.
He went into shock.
Well,
not yet,
but he was,
you know,
he was profusely sweating.
And so we,
so we stick them by this tree and we gave him a five gallon water can of water and we're like here
sip this water just sip it throughout the night and so i called them you know the medical team
to come get him well we went on the rest of the mission so next thing you know it's four o'clock
in the morning we're getting on the bus these guys are getting on a bus and frankie bonomo goes to me
hey we're missing a guy.
I'm like, you know, in our mantra, it's like never leave a man behind, right?
And I'm like, so we get on this gator.
We're driving tonight.
It is now.
Like, you got to understand, we are at pitch black.
Pitch black.
It is pitch black.
We are in the middle of the woods.
Middle of the woods.
Camp Smith, New York.
Middle of the woods.
And we drive up. And I see the guy sitting by the train and he's like, I knew you'd come back for me.
I knew you'd come back for me.
And I was just like, that was good.
The last funniest part of that was I don't remember the exact setup, but I remember you had a couple Army Ranger buddies of yours with some paintball guns.
And did we have to go get a flag or something?
Yes, yes.
But Evgeny Malkin had a classic line in this story.
Well, these guys were  they were assaulting this objective.
This was the next day and they were doing these different assaults.
And so I had former  Snipers.
Yeah, and obviously using elite paintball guns.
And so Malkin was kind of maneuvering, and they saw him,
and he was actually doing a pretty good job.
So then they opened up with, like, a paintball machine gun.
And, you know, he takes cover, and he was like,
they got the machine gun!
They got the machine gun!
He's on the ground going, they have machine guns!
Before we learned that was Russian school.
He was great, though.
You know what?
He was great.
Everybody that there worked so hard that day.
Well, I mean, we had him on the podcast.
And this might have been a question you were going to ask.
But, I mean, Sid, he was there.
What type of leadership qualities did you see in him just from that experience?
First year as captain, I believe, that year.
Sid is one of the best leaders I have ever come across in any in any walk in any
walk of life I you know I've had you know personally walked with him I walked him watch
him stop and you know hug some little kid and sign his autograph and the kid was bawling like
I'm a peewee player and I'm not very good and Sid was like yeah I wasn't very good either and like, I'm a peewee player and I'm not very good. And Sid was like, yeah, I wasn't very good either.
And like signed his jersey and just like all these human touches.
Like, and because he's such a professional,
he puts the hard work and he cares about others.
He responds positively.
Like that is exactly what you want in a leader in your organization.
Exactly what you want.
I got to tell you another young man who's following that footsteps is Alexander Barkov in Florida.
Oh, yeah.
And he's got the Russian dad, the Finnish mom.
And his dad, I believe, was like an assistant captain in the Finnish elite league back in the day when they didn't let Russians be assistant captains, you know, and his father was a great leader.
And obviously I'm part of that on him.
And he has those attributes to hard work, caring, you know, once wants to be successful
and wants to help his teammates be successful.
So, yeah, you and Vinny Viola, close friends.
He's a West Point guy, correct?
West Point guy, yeah.
And he, what is that like, when did he bring you into Florida?
And I know there's a funny story about him.
What were you guys, what were you doing, going down a mountain or something?
So Vinny Viola bought the Panthers, I believe, in 2013.
And shortly after him, and he hired Eric Joyce, another West Point graduate.
He's from Boston.
He's from Boston.
Played D at Army. Played D at Army.
Played D at Army, yeah.
Had, I think in four college years,
had like 200 and some penalty minutes,
which is pretty hard in college.
Yeah, you don't get that.
So don't get that.
So hard-hitting defenseman Eric Joyce.
He's the assistant GM there in Florida.
And, you know, so he brought me in.
We started to do leadership culture development.
And then I became this, you know, executive director of leadership and culture development.
The first one in the NHL, I believe.
And now it's kind of imparted some of the similar positions with teams.
You see the Anaheim Ducks just hired a former Navy SEAL captain.
Leif Mollo is director of athlete wellness.
So we had a team building event with the Panthers.
And we had to do rappelling off
this 60 foot tower and i just said hey you know it's uh you know i didn't want to force it on the
players i said you know we're just going to um volunteer and vinny walks up and he said we're
all doing it i'm like okay and he's just like stripes don't worry he's like we're all doing it
i'm like okay and so you know here's the owner of the organization. He climbs the tower, puts on his rappel seat.
I hook him up.
I said, sir, when's the last time you rappelled?
He's like, 35 years ago on rappels.
And he went down.
And then he literally did it like six or seven more times,
like going down with players, like leading the way, leading by example.
Okay.
So when they originally came in,
they made some pretty bold moves in the front office there
and kind of shook up the hockey world a little bit
because it wasn't the way that things had been done in the past, right?
And Florida in general kind of, you know, they're trending downward,
but now it's changed in the right direction.
Like they're, you know, they're expected to make playoffs now.
They got the Quinville there.
I mean, I don't know how closely you're following it but did you know eventually they were going to turn around just based on their background because and the owner and the owner like and the moves he'd
made you know as i meant they were they weren't good but now eventually they've righted the ship
so do you think just based off the qualities from being there you knew that that was going to happen
well you know vinnie viola and doug sifu you know the owners there the one thing I can tell you
about them personally is when they say they're all in they're all in like a lot of owners say
yeah I'm all in but not really all in like it was like what do they need like they would call me
like what do they need do they need better food do they need you know better hotels to stay and
tell me what they need we're going to do it and so they've made a you know a financial commitment but also a personal commitment
and so that's why the team's trending up and that's why they're doing great and you look at
like las vegas now right like like vegas has done things that other teams haven't do they've hired
people that maybe didn't come from hockey right right? Kerry Bullboats, their team president came from,
I believe, the Cleveland Cavaliers, the NBA.
So they went out and hired just talented people
because they wanted the best.
So I think when you look outside the box
and you try to do those things,
you can expand your way.
You know, Biz, that's a great question
because people say when you ask people to change,
people don't fear change.
People fear loss.
And so when you ask people to change, they immediately think, oh, you want me to change my standards who I am?
No.
I just want you to adapt to where we're going, right?
And you see now coaches that are making it adapt to where we're going, right?
The players think differently.
It's all changed.
The game's differently. The way you promote the game's differently. You right? The players think differently. It's all changed. The game's differently.
The way you promote the game's differently.
You have to continue to think differently.
Sherrill's doing it in New Jersey, right?
I mean, the old Lou Lamarillo style, nothing against that,
but now he changed it.
You're a healthy scratch.
Go to the front door and greet people.
Put players out there.
Let people see the players.
Don't pull them away.
It's only going to grow the game.
It's only going to grow the game.
I remember,
I remember when we had a, we had a signing in Florida
and Yogs
was just on the team
and he had not been feeling well.
So the PR guy was like,
hey, Yogs,
you only have to like sign
for 30 minutes.
He's like, no.
And Yogs
like stayed for like six hours and signed for everybody.
Everybody was there for him.
He was taking pictures with kids.
And I'm like, wow, this is it.
This is how you do it.
This is how you grow.
And our game is so good.
So good.
And when people say to me, I don't really like hockey, you know what I do?
I take them to a game live.
And all of a sudden they're like, what? Especially in Vegas. Oh, I take them to a game live. And all of a sudden, they're like, what?
Especially in Vegas.
Oh, I take them to a game live.
I was going to say, you live there.
You've got the team now.
I take them to a game live.
And I've got to say, the Vegas people are Vegas Golden Knights fans first, hockey fans second.
Sometimes I laugh because I hear them say things like, it's fourth down.
We've got to hold them.
But it doesn't matter.
They are Vegas fans. The top uh tv ratings the last two years of course last year they were in
the cup so it was like all right the team did this year they were one of the top 10 cities in
the country so it shows you i mean the obvious hockey fans i want to go back to the rappel story
for a minute now you said vinny did it a couple times it wasn't one of the times some one of the
guys in the rope was was leary of it he wasn't a high level player what was the rest well there's
an h there was an hl player that was uh what happens when you rappel off of something above 10 feet, you have what's called a belay man.
And that man like loosely holds the rope at the bottom.
And if you fall, you yell falling and he just pulls down and it will stop you.
The rope goes through the carabiner and stops you.
Then you can kind of get yourself along the wall, right?
If you watch any military shows, you see that.
And this player, he said, who's up there?
And my one assistant was like, that's Vinnie Ball.
He's like, the owner?
I'm not doing it.
So he handed the rope off because he didn't want the owner to fall.
I'm in the AHL.
Fuck, I can't be in charge of this guy.
You don't have to name names, but did any guys lose their grip that because i mean i think i'd shit my pants trying to repel
60 feet no i think everybody did pretty good um you know everybody worked hard at it yeah and you
know we allowed people to get it and that was just a great day of just team building uh i gotta tell
you that was a really good team willie mitchell was the captain it was the first time like i i
got to spend time with willie mitchell and a very, very good captain at reading the tea leaves.
He did small things like in the locker room,
maybe moving lockers, that sort of thing,
to get the best out of people.
That's another thing a captain has to do.
A captain has to be a great listener.
Shane Doan and Stan Wilson used to have conversations
about where guys would sit in the locker room.
When I broke into the league, I was just like, oh, can I sit there?
And they would be like, no, no, this is thought out here.
And certain corners of the room would have a little bit more personality
because maybe there weren't enough guys in that side of the room talking enough.
So just to kind of build that team camaraderie.
And it's amazing that it's as detailed as that.
Sure.
You know, I'm going to ask you two both a question, if you don't mind.
So when you talk like team chemistry, who's responsible for team chemistry?
Is it the leadership, the coaches, GM, owners, or is it the players?
Who's responsible for team chemistry?
I would say the players.
I think it's on the players to be able to work out as a group.
And it's funny you bring that up because I was going to say earlier, even with all your working on leadership and getting
guys to become better at that, every business and every team, not everyone's always going to get
along. It's just that's just the way life is. You can. But the ability for a team to be able to
respect one another is the entire difference. So I don't think you're always going to have chemistry
between every single guy. But if you respect one one another i think it turns ends up becoming on the players to
appreciate and understand what each guy does and to figure out a way to do it together well i would
yeah i would say it's on the guys too because ultimately the leadership group is communicating
that to management through some form and i mean unless the management knows how it's going down
but i believe that they
call them in they say how's the locker room and then slowly you chip away and find the right guys
who are going to or issues or guys who are issues i mean that's always been the case in in my yeah
i'd say more so they're asking like yeah like is everything good there's been one case at the end
of the season where i've been asked like hey is this guy a problem and i think most guys on the team got asked when unfortunately it was and then it
was more it wasn't throwing them on the bus you just kind of shrugged your shoulders it's like
well you know why you're asking me that yeah like what do you want me to say i probably and i assume
they'd asked every guy in which that was the case that's a great answer both of you and that's the
right answer team chemistry is Is the responsibility
Of the people in the organization
Whether you're a business
A sports team
Now the management, the leadership, the coaches have to massage it
Ensure it's healthy
It has to be healthy
You can't be off doing things that are illegal or immoral
Right
But team chemistry is built from the inside out
The other thing you have to understand is even
though if you're wearing a c or an a like sometimes you know you can't get to every person but somebody
else can right so it might be it might be that other guy right like um i talk about like you
know subordinate leaders in an organization you know whether with the rangers whether it was like
kevin weeks or even roberto luongo or vinny Trocek or Sergey Gonchar, other leaders that can go
get to one person and bring that person into the fold, right?
And so even though leadership sometimes can be an island, many times it's a group responsibility
to ensure it's healthy.
I remember when I was on Anaheim, Ryan Getzlaff, who's younger than me, he was the leader of
the team.
And one day after practice, he came over and I hadn't, you know, was struggling a little
bit.
He's like, what's going on, man?
How you feel?
Like, I've seen Randy's been tough on you, you know, and he was more just he wanted to
know, like, what my thoughts were.
And I was like, well, I think this is kind of, you know, I was getting blamed for that.
And it was just I remember thinking, like, he's younger than I am and he's doing such a good job at not just like asking me what's going on, but then listening to what I was getting blamed for that. I remember thinking, he's younger than I am, and he's doing such a good job
at not just asking me what's going on, but then listening to what I was saying.
And I always thought, that is leadership.
He's looking out for every guy.
And after a practice in the middle of an 82-game season,
he wants to go home and see his kids and his family,
but he knows what it takes to get every guy involved.
And that is when a guy's down or not playing well,
to at least go over, chat him up,
and try to fire him up in different ways than a coach would.
Oh, man.
I mean, playing with Shane, I always go back to Shane Doan
because he's probably the best that I had,
but I remember when he had his jersey retirement,
he thanked his wife.
I'm like, this guy used to spend more hours at the rink
talking to guys and really finding out what's bothering you
and listening and communicating with them.
He was doing it with half the guys on the team.
And not even just on the hockey side of things.
It might have been guys dealing with issues at home with kids and wives.
So just the amount of time that this guy was doing juggling personalities
and making sure everything was okay with the ship
was a full-time job in itself.
And to me, it's resonated with me.
I,
I,
I still ask the guy for advice.
So he's,
he's,
that's leadership.
Well,
that's mentorship too.
And that's right.
You want to find somebody that can help mentor you.
And,
uh,
you know,
when people ask me like,
what,
what are some things that you can help me be a leader in?
And I say,
you know,
bring value,
bring value to the organization.
Like if you walk by the copier and the copier needs paper, put paper in the copier.
Yes.
You know, don't walk on your
Because it's not my job.
That's right.
Like I came in today and there was an empty water bottle.
I picked it up.
I said, ma'am, this isn't mine.
Would you like me to throw it away?
She's like, sure.
She's like, who is this guy?
So bring value.
A Lululemon successful company, they force all their employees, no matter how far they go up the ranks that they
have to spend time in the store selling yeah like if i mean let's say it's the ceo it's got to be
like six hours a month where they have to go and work as if the bottom yeah at the bottom of the
company and it's kind of right back to that example well that's why you know obviously i
was fortunate enough to be a retired sergeant major, right? E9, the highest. That's as high as you can get.
Like I started E1 private, you know, scrubbing toilets, the whole thing.
And you learn it as you go.
And so you learn the value system, right, of hard work and ethics and selfless service and integrity, honesty, commitment to one another.
And when you learn those values, then you want to impart those values on people, right. And a lot of times we say, and you guys say too, you know,
it's not about money or medals. It's about the, the lives that I can affect. And people say,
you know, you know, what do you, what do you want to do, JB? What's your goal? And I'm like,
I want to forge individuals into leaders. That's what I do.
Yep. Did you have a history of military service in your family before you joined?
So my father, God rest his soul, was a World War II veteran.
Okay, nice.
Found in the South Pacific.
Yeah, very tough time.
Yeah, my grandfather was in the South Pacific as well.
So yeah, he was over three years in constant combat there.
Three years there.
Yeah, three years in the South Pacific.
So look, I graduated high school and I knew I wanted to do something.
I wasn't quite ready for college. I wanted to pay for my own college. I'm sorry, what year did you graduate high school, and I knew I wanted to do something. I wasn't quite ready for college.
I wanted to pay for my own college.
I'm sorry, what year did you graduate high school?
84.
Okay.
So Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
And again, the recruiter's like, yeah, I'll give you your college.
Sign up for this.
And I'm like, okay.
I didn't really know what I was getting into.
But it's funny how God puts you on a path, right?
And you went to BU.
It worked out for you. So you played in Whe path, right? And it's, you know, you went to BU. It worked out for you, you know?
So, you know, you played in Wheeling, right?
Wheeling, West Virginia.
I saw that.
Wow, that's good.
Did you ever think at any point,
and now your son, you just told me,
he's director of hockey.
Where is it?
West Chester Skating Academy.
West Chester Skating Academy.
So that's great.
But did you ever think he would get involved
with the military, the army, or was it,
did you not want him to?
Do you know what I mean?
Well, I mean, it's funny,
because all three of my children, very, very successful, all
college graduates.
And, um, my oldest daughter helps me with my company, um, JBS leaders.
And so I, um, I thought I served enough for everybody.
Yeah.
Uh, but, um, actually my youngest daughter, she's a civil engineer.
She graduated from pit and when she was getting ready to find work.
And she was like, yeah, maybe I'll join the military.
I'm like, sure.
I'll support that on that.
But my son grew up at West Point.
Him and his good buddy Jack Riley and good hockey buddies, Coach Riley up there.
Great guy.
Great guy.
He's done a hell of a job there, too. He's done a hell of a job there, too.
He's done a heck of a job.
You're getting guys that know what they're doing after school.
And they're still a competitive team that's winning games.
It's very impressive to see what they can get done there.
Just doing a great job.
You guys all one day should just go up there and just take a tour.
Go see Coach Riley and let him shuffle you around.
Speaking of West Point, can you tell the listeners what lunch there is like?
Because we got to do it with Pittsburgh that day.
I think it's 11 minutes.
Was that what it was?
Well, the whole thing is like 20 minutes.
But, yeah, so basically you feed 4,000 cadets in 20 minutes.
It's probably only about 11 minutes of eating.
You start with some, you know, they have this thing called the poop deck.
It's probably only about 11 minutes of eating.
You start with some  they have this thing called the poop deck and there's some  they have to go through a prayer and they have to do some announcements.
And all of a sudden they're like  Eat.
They eat.
And then as the lights go, you can leave.
So when the first light goes, like the seniors can leave and then  or the firsties as they call them and all the way down.
And it's amazing.
So you eat actually family style.
So you should
take these guys i know that would be cool and how's the food the food was awesome yeah food's
great and the other crazy thing about when we went up there is well we looked over and we saw some
guys just walking back and forth and and what ends up happening to those guys why are they doing that
yeah it's called walking tours so when you get a demerit or something so if a sergeant like me
comes in and you know busier rooms messed up i tours. So when you get a demerit or something. So if a sergeant like me comes in and, you know, biz, your room's messed up.
I'm like, biz, you're getting three demerits for this.
And you're like, no, because, you know, the weekends that you have free, which aren't very many, you're out in full dress uniform doing walking tours.
So walking down, walking back with your rifle.
You have to do an inspection.
So, yeah.
When you were when you were starting out, would you guys sneak like sweets in or anything
like that because it was probably the diet was probably regimented were you like what was the
thing like you guys were being badasses doing yeah come on there was something you know i play
boy magazines i tried i tried never to sneak uh what they call they call that pokey bait candy and
pokey bait candy soda but when i was a drill instructor uh i noticed one night i came
down i was doing my my inspection and i noticed that one of the doors had been taped open and i'm
like what is going on here so i ripped the tape off the door it was a firex door it shut and so
these three guys took money they snuck over to the battalion headquarters where there's a candy
machine and a coke machine and they just started filling it and they came back with like you know in their
uniform pounds of stuff and next thing you know they can't get back in they're like i can't get
back in the door so next thing you know they see me come around the corner and you know drill
instructors wear that brown round you know that uh that smoky the bear hat and i was like gentlemen
what's going on i'm like you have one minute to eat everything.
Let's go eat it.
Shove it down.
They were like, oh my God.
You made them eat everything.
I'm like, shotgun everything.
I'm like, and then after I did, I like, you know, I made them do some, you know, gorilla
drills.
No.
Oh yeah.
Of course.
Of course I did.
Did they puke?
Did they puke?
They puked it all up.
You think they're just going to get to eat it?
Is that a jelly donut in your foot?
And I was like, I was like, gentlemen And I was like, gentlemen, good plan.
Failed execution.
Didn't have security.
We should add somebody on that door.
Absolutely.
That's right.
Absolutely.
That's so good.
Turned into a learning experience.
Learned a valuable lesson that day.
I'm also just reading through here the description of you,
and this is on the website EliteLeadershipTraining.com on the staff.
And I'm going through some of the courses you went through in your military career.
I'm curious.
Halo, Halo Jumpmaster.
What are those two?
And then also Certified Advanced Scuba Diving Instructor.
Yeah, well, Halo is high altitude opening.
It's skydiving for military.
Okay, okay.
And high altitude, low opening.
And so I was also a jump master of that too.
So I got to do about 400 skydiving halo jumps with equipment.
Got to jump at 29,000 feet.
29,000 feet?
Yeah, 29,000 feet at night.
What do you have on?
Oxygen with equipment.
That's like Mission Impossible Tom Cruise level shit yeah what was i mean to put it in hollywood terms it was uh it
was good i mean there's a lot of men that you know do that very well so i was i was fortunate to be
able to do that go to the schools learn things i also went to survival school which is called
sears survival evasion resistance escape how do you know when to pull your shoe oh well they tell you you pull 4 000 feet or so they oh so you have your yeah you know
you have an altimeter how long was it how do you like how long you actually drop them well if you
go if you go from let's say 13 000 feet to 4 000 feet that's probably about a minute a minute a
minute of free fall right because you have to know it in case this thing uh the what do you call it
the altimeter altimeter that goes wrong you got to know your surroundings right so that's why i asked
i didn't know you actually wore well the military wears an automatic opening device too so in case
you get kicked or something on x and you're unconscious it will fire below four right right
and seer uh survival sorry survival evasion resistance escape it's basically a prisoner
of war school.
And that is when, if you are in the forest?
If you get captured, yeah, what to do, yeah. What is that?
That must have been some of the most intense training you've ever had.
Yeah, they...
Beat the shit out of you.
Is that like G.I. Jane when they...
Whoa.
No, dude, remember they capture her and they beat her?
Just funny movie pull-out.
It is like that, except the cadre that run that like you never see them.
And so and so all of a sudden, like I went through in like 1993.
So we had like a Russian group, a Colombian group.
So it's real.
Yeah.
And like a pandemic.
And they like look the part.
They speak the part.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
They hang in.
And you're getting you're catching a beating. you in. And you're catching a beating.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You're catching a beating, yeah.
They put you in hospital pajamas with
Are you like, ooh, I kind of like this.
Do I have a safe word?
Yeah, yeah, no.
There's no safe word there.
Oh, well, this is  I mean this is awesome.
Do you have anything else for us?
I mean this has been great.
No, you guys were great.
So my website is actually jbsleaders.com.
Or you can follow me on Instagram at jbspezo.
My book's out if you like it.
Put a review out.
We should do a content piece at West Point.
Oh, you put us through.
Well, I was going to say RA.
Not us.
No way would I trust those who want to trust Val.
No way. Actually, I had one more more it might be kind of a strange one you're a lot of crazy situations and
people say you know they have a moment like that they life flashes before their eyes did that ever
happen to you um you know i i think because i was always in charge of people when i was in combat
i was never really worried about myself okay and
I but I think then afterwards my buddy was like what are you doing you ran from here to there and
you were under fire I was like oh my gosh and I I thought about it afterwards and be like wow that
wasn't very smart but you know when you're trying to uh when you're leading people that's what you're
you just get so locked in that you get you get you get locked in that's your job that's awesome
you know think about it afterwards so you know the about it afterwards. The military was great to me.
I'm thankful.
People say, oh, you're a hero. I'm like, no,
no, no, but I was in a company of heroes.
I was in a company of heroes, so thank you so much.
Absolutely, man. You guys do jobs
that very few people can do
what you guys do, and those jobs are
necessary for us to have the society we have,
so we appreciate it. I think our following is really
going to appreciate this. I do, too, and Ari says it perfectly. Speaking for us, we thank society we have. So we appreciate it. I think our following is really going to appreciate this. I do too.
And Ari says it perfectly. Speaking for us,
we thank you. We thank all your brothers.
You know, the girls in arm.
And I think that the craziest
thing is that what you just said is that
you just had a job to do. And it
sounds way easier in sports. So we
thank you. And your ability to motivate people
has always been awesome since the day we met.
Warrior leadership. Steps to Success for Leaders on the Ground.
Buy this book.
And Biz saw it right away and liked it because it's skinny.
He goes, oh, good.
Hey, this will take me about eight hours.
He said people with normal reading levels can read it in two.
No pictures, Biz.
There's no pictures.
Just kidding.
All right.
Thank you so much.
Thanks so much for having me, guys.
Thank you very much, J.B. Spizo.
We thank you so much for your service.
All men and women out there.
We've tried to let it be known how much we appreciate you guys.
And that was a lot of fun to do.
Came to New York City.
He also went on Zero Blog 30, the Barstool podcast,
involved in Special Forces, all that stuff.
So check him out there if you're really interested in him,
and check out his book, like we talked about.
So, R.A., I know you've  have you been hot?
Have you been cold?
I know there's a gambling corner coming up.
Oh, Kevin Hayes just gets his first as a Philadelphia Flyer.
Nice.
How are you'all?
That's coming after that. Paid that big money.
Scored them goals. That's coming
after that highlight reel save
by Kata Hart.
That's hilarious. Hazy just
picks one out of the
face-off. Giroux kind of
loses a face-off. Hazy comes in and
picks one out, and then what does he do? Drops his
stick when he goes to celebrate.
What a terrible celebration on your first call.
He's got two hands up like this.
Mikey, put this up.
This is Jimmy Hazy's first call celebration.
Jimmy?
Kevin.
I was with Jimmy today.
This Philly Grand Park Day means they don't boo him for at least six weeks.
No, he's looked good tonight.
He's playing with Drew and Voracek.
I love that.
Love that we just caught that live.
Fucking hazy.
Actually, well, we were talking to JB about building businesses
and building teams with, and that's, you know,
a lot of that goes hand-in-hand together,
especially when you're talking about Zappia.
Growing a business is hard, especially when you're wasting hours
every day moving data from emails to spreadsheets to CRM to wherever.
Shouldn't that kind of stuff just happen without you lifting a finger?
Well, Zapier can help because Zapier is the easiest way to automate your work.
It connects all your business software and handles work for you so you can focus on things that matter the most.
No more wasting your time on tasks that know you could be automated because that's exactly what Zapier was built to do.
Just go to our special link, zapier.com slash chicklets, connect the apps you use most,
and let Zapier take it from there. Zapier lets you instantly engage with leads, send them to a CRM or spreadsheet, then notify your team so they can act fast on every opportunity. And that's just
scratching the surface because Zapier supports more than 1,500 business applications,
so the possibilities are virtually endless, endless, endless.
Best of all, it's easy to build the exact solution you need in minutes
without writing code or asking a developer for help.
Join more than 4.5 million people
who are saving an average of 40 hours per month by using Zapier.
On behalf of the sales team at Barstool, they love it.
Zapier makes their sales guys on the third floor super happy because they're way more productive, and that means they
make way more cabbage. Not to mention, it saves them so much time on their day-to-day tasks.
Right now, through November, try Zapier free by going to our special link, zapier.com slash chicklets. That's Z-A-P-I-E-R.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S for your free 14-day trial.
Once again, Zapier.com slash chicklets.
Boys, I need a little bit of oxygen after that one.
Pretty solid right there, all right.
No rest for the weary, boys.
I'm telling you, man, awful start to the year.
Awful start.
Like I said, I tell people October, November, historically bad for me,
but I can't pick my nose.
I had one decent night so far.
I'm actually doing a couple nights of observation right now.
Biz, what's going on?
Well, your on-podcast bets have been bad.
You have saved yourself and resurrected with some prop bets a little bit,
or no?
No, I'm definitely down on the year. bets have been bad. You have saved yourself and resurrected with some prop bets a little bit or no? No.
I'm definitely down on the year.
I'm doing, like I said, nights of awesome games. That means I'm just
observing. Like tonight, there were three games.
Honestly, sorry, Wednesday night.
Any one of these games could have gone
either way, I think. Like over-under, no
results would have surprised me, so I laid off.
But however, I dropped a hint earlier
in the show who my pick's going to be.
San Jose.
I'm all over them tonight, Thursday night.
They're a team with cup aspirations coming out 0-4.
They're going against the Chicago team that just flew 8,600 miles to lose to the Philadelphia fucking Flyers.
I think they're going to be a little jet-lagged, a little tired.
I think San Jose's going to be hungry, pissed off.
They're going to come out fuckingChicago's going to come out sleepy. The Shacks are going to come out hungry. They're going to be a little jet-lagged, a little tired. I think San Jose is going to be hungry, pissed off. They're going to come out fucking  Chicago is going to come out sleepy.
The Sharks are going to come out hungry.
They're going to get an early lead.
They're going to hang on to it.
Sharks are going to win 4-1, 5-1.
Money line, puck line, they're on the road, so you'll get good prices on both.
That's the pick.
San Jose Sharks Thursday night.
Pound it, pound it, pound it.
If you don't mind me chiming in your gambling corner,
I have a crazy gambling story from Pasha. For those of of you who know him or don't know him excuse me he's the guy who videos
all my content and he likes to gamble so he's always paying attention to your your gambling
corner well he's got this site where he he likes doing a lot of like weird prop bets so this is the
text that he sent me i had the conversation with him today he told me the story and my jaw dropped
to the floor.
And I'll read it to you.
Here's a detailed story of what happened and screenshots of the big bets.
So I wake up last week, Wednesday morning, first day of NHL season,
and I'm ready to have a bounce back year.
Two seasons ago, I had a wild ride with hitting those multiple 101 to 1 bets.
But last year, I took a beating and gave all the profit back i look
i look at the app to see how i can kick the season off and notice uh that they had added a new
category to bet on block shots right away i noticed the numbers looked off glenn wesley
guys like brent burns and morgan riley were paying between two to one and two and a half to one on
the over under was a half a block shot okay so 2.5 to or yeah 2.5 to 1 odds for a number one D man
to get one block shot in a game sign me up I started by dipping my toes in the water 100 bucks
on Riley got it 100 bucks on uh Shea Theodore, got it.
The next night, I start parlaying these with guys,
and it only lets you do two guys max,
but brings the odds up to like four and a half to one.
Ristolainen and Hamilton, one block each,
400 paid 1,800.
Count it.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
So he was betting 100gan riley getting one block shot
and was paying him 200 200 correct that's fucking insane it was so i'm gonna keep going correct
so let me start back up with the wrist align and wrist align and hamilton uh hamilton he combined
them for the parlay one block each 400 bet paid 1800 count it.
The next night burns and Carlson one block,
one block each 1,400 paid 5,000 count it.
The next day,
let Tang and Muzzin one block each 2,300 bet paid him 10,000.
The next day I spiced things up and started adding some scoring props to the
parlay,
uh, The next day, I spiced things up and started adding some scoring props to the parlay.
Pollock and Shattenkirk, one block each plus three separate parlays on Roupe Hintz.
The blocks plus Hintz to score first, to score any time, and to score two or more.
Well, he did all three.
One parlay, 25, paid 4,500.
Another one, 25, paid 2,000. All one, 25 paid 2,000.
All in, I made 20K profit that weekend.
Well, I wake up Monday to see they've removed the block shots category from the app altogether.
Whoops.
Can't help but feel somewhat responsible.
And he has screenshots of all the fucking bets that he plays.
He made 10,000 in a weekend because the site essentially wanted to go
with the block category category and he fucking bent
them over for 20k and where is where his shop fucked up by it was not limiting his place because
they left themselves vulnerable by letting a guy only having to risk that a little amount of money
yet when that crazy amount of money back that's that's a responsibility on the shop's behalf and
good for him for fucking exposing it by the way posh is pretty good on the betting category i
remember a few years ago he had a few crazy ones
where he would expose the same site,
where he would get 101 odds on, like, you know,
a guy who'd maybe been cold a while to get, like, two goals in a game,
and he hit it.
I believe he hit a Vrana bet where he won, you know,
2,000 or 3,000 on a 100 bet.
But, man, he was telling me this.
I was like, get the fuck out of here.
RA and Wood are going to love this story.
So congratulations.
I remember Pasha also telling us in,
in,
I think it was Halifax,
how good the devils are going to be this year.
So Pasha,
hold your horses.
Cause your favorite team stinks right now.
So you can stay with the gambling.
We might have to go Pasha's gambling corner.
Well,
I think fandom and, and, and logical betting are a little bit different,
but I think that's just a wild story.
I didn't want to say the site because who knows,
maybe they'll try to reintroduce it and you can expose them a little bit more,
but that's got to be one of the crazier gambling stories you've ever heard, no?
Yeah, that's an incredible payoff.
Like I said, it's such a low risk, but that's a house that got caught with their pants down, man. If you're running a shop,
you can't be losing that kind of money on a 25 poly. That's the bottom line.
Speaking of making that money, when you do make that kind of cabbage,
you ought to be spending some of that dough at Kettlebell Kitchen. I've been mowing down on this
stuff for a long time now because you know what? Nutrition is on everyone's minds.
What, when, how much to eat.
It's a mess of conflicting information that can confuse anyone and derail your fitness journey.
Yeah, believe it or not, guys, I do care about my fitness, even if it doesn't look like it.
Because there are so many diets and meal plans out there, chances are they don't take your specific needs into account.
Well, Kettlebell Kitchen does that, and they know meal planning isn't one size fits all,
which is why they offer a personalized solution. They're changing people's lives through food because Kettlebell Kitchen was founded by two Army vets who happen to be brothers
and a chef with a mission to help people change their lives through food. Their goal is to help
you achieve yours with meal plans that are tailored to your needs. The team of nutritionists
will help you create a sustainable health plan
and honor your body's unique needs. And my unique body has unique needs for sure.
The nutrition you need without any of the hassle. So you can sign up for a plan or order a la carte.
There's no long-term contracts required. And you get it delivered to your door twice a week for
optimal freshness. You don't need to worry about sourcing ingredients or fretting over macros.
optimal freshness. You don't need to worry about sourcing ingredients or fretting over macros.
Just, Mike, fretting over macros. Just heat, serve, and get the food you need for real sustainable change. And the meal plans are tailored to your goals. Whether you're slimming down,
bulking up, or just looking to fuel your day, there is a plan for you. All their meals are
free of dairy, soy, and artificial sweeteners and made from ingredients naturally free of gluten,
dairy, soy, and artificial sweeteners,
and made from ingredients naturally free of gluten.
Vegetarian, keto, Whole30, paleo, paleo, however you say it,
all those options are available.
You can even filter by your calorie, protein, fat, and carb limits so you get exactly the right food for your unique needs.
Feed the champion in you with Kettlebell Kitchen.
Go to kettlebellkitchen.com and enter the code CHICKLETS
for 25 off your first
two orders for new customers that's 25 off your first two orders at kettlebellkitchen.com with
the code chiclets and boys i'm telling you right now if you want to go to a game at the garden this
year to watch the bruins you're going to need kettlebell kitchen to slim down a little bit to
fit in these new seats because the fans are happy. Nice transition.
All right.
What the fuck is going on?
Is it Jeremy Jacobs who owns the Boston Bruins?
Actually, technically, he signed the team over to his children earlier this year,
a few months back.
So technically, he's no longer the owner.
However, he still is on the NHL Board of Governors.
He still carries tremendous sway with the league.
But this building, I've said it since the day they built it,
they shoehorned a cinder block into this area.
Back when they built it, the Boston Garden was still in front of it.
The train station was behind it, Route 93 on one side,
the Tip O'Neill building on the other.
They were determined to build this building,
and they shoehorned the building, like, the seating capacity,
a little bit less than Chicago, but in a fucking area maybe half the size.
They basically fucked up when they built this arena back then.
And now they're adding more seats to an arena that was already crammed.
I had season tickets 10 years ago.
I had four inches in front of me.
Now they're adding more seats to it.
It's absolutely crazy.
People are pissed.
If you're a big dude, you might not even go to a game anymore
because it's that much.
I thought it was crammed when I went in Grinnelli last year in playoffs.
Very crammed.
I had season tickets for years, and I actually had
I specifically had my seats at the top of the stairs
so I could have optimum legroom, ballroom.
I don't mind it.
I don't mind it.
I'm used to having three inches in front of me, so four, I'll take it.
Oh, shit.
Is that another sex joke?
R.A., is that another reason why the elevator situation, there's a nightmare?
No, that's completely unrelated.
That's just because they have everybody use the loading dock.
But again, like when you go to the Chicago, what's it, the United Center,
that building was built at the same time.
It's about almost one and a half, two times bigger than the fleet center,
the garden, whatever the fuck you want to call it, because they know they had to spread it out but the garden was
like no we're building here we have to put it here they weren't willing or able to play another
season of a season elsewhere so they shoehorn that place into that spot but the idea of adding
more seats was crazy but i don't know anything for for another dollar but it's brutal it's a
it's a brutal experience i mean a new arena an upgrade, you shouldn't be crammed like that in 2019,
and now people think they're going back to fucking Fenway.
Well said.
I mean, that's a disgruntled voice.
Our race, not happy.
Hey, should we protest when I'm out east?
Want to pick it outside?
That's the ironic part is I haven't paid the season tickets in years,
but I can feel the fury off of our fan base here in Boston.
They haven't even had a game.
They haven't even had a game, and this is an issue.
Yeah, exactly.
So imagine once the season kicks off
when all these people are sitting in their seats for the first time.
Well, in the end, though, if you think about it,
when a bunch of people from Boston are together crushing beers,
it doesn't matter if they're getting
like a little on top of one each other i'm sure there won't be any fights there or anything there
never is no not at all i know that happens like let's just squeeze everyone a little closer i
thought i went to a ufc match when i went to the finals last year in a st louis boston
so many scraps in the fans yeah proper 12 flying around that was when we were sitting with the uh
st louis family biz when they got the the big win gunners gunners and ot winner uh yeah the
o'reilly family as well guys there's one last thing i had my notes that i have i need to mention
because we don't give a lot of love to anaheim ducks john gib Gibson is on fire to start this season.
I don't know if he was considered as a Vesna candidate before the year started,
but he's  I mean, listen, are we very early in the season?
But he's stole them three games so far.
Yeah, considering we gave them the worst team preview in the history of
No, L.A. was the worst.
No, Anaheim was worse.
We talked about Anaheim fox and stuff like
we didn't even i don't think we just said john gibson and like gets laugh i think we just yeah
their new coach who's been doing a good job as well yeah so no he's he's unreal and he is a
hundred percent of pre-season uh possible pick as a vest and winner i mean the team not probably
not being that good will hurt him but but his numbers will be awesome nonetheless. His save percentage this year, I will be willing to bet,
is top three in the league.
Dude, 3-0, Biz, with goals against a one in a save percentage of 970.
Like you said, it's really  but that's very, very impressive
for the first three games.
Yeah.
I'm going to get excited.
Oh.
Well, maybe we should give you a little time to take care of yourself
and shut down the show here because I think we've been revving it up
for quite a while here.
I hope everyone liked JB.
A little change of pace, but that guy has done a lot for a lot of people,
and I think that it was pretty cool that he came on
and shared some stories with us.
And like I said in the interview, grab his book
because everyone can read something like that.
People's feedback is appreciated.
It's not a hockey guy, but we thought he was very entertaining
and can maybe teach some life lessons.
So hope you enjoyed.
All right, guys.
I will talk to you on Sunday night.
Peace out.
Check out our YouTube page, everybody.
Have a great weekend.
And once again, we'd like to say thanks to our sponsors out there.
Of course, Pink Whitney.
We know everybody's been enjoying it for quite some time,
but we also want you to check out Roman. And you can do that by going to getroman.com slash
chicklets. And we also want you to check out Zapier. You want to go to zapier.com slash
chicklets. That's Z-A-P-I-E-R.com slash chicklets. And you want to check out Kettlebell Kitchen as
well. I've been enjoying it for a while. I want you to do the same. That's KettlebellKitchen.com and the code is CHICKLETS. Thanks for supporting our sponsors.
Take care. I will proudly take a stand When liberty's in jeopardy
I will always do what's right
I'm out here on the front line
Sleeping peace tonight
American soldier
I'm an American
An American I'm an American.
