Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 209 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka.
I know our Canadian listeners are probably in one with the Canadian Thanksgiving and all,
and it's sort of a holiday here in the States, depending on where you live and what you do for work,
so I'm guessing there's a lot of hungover droons out there tuning in today, so thank you for that.
Let's say hi to the boys first before we get things rockin' and rollin'.
Producer Mike E. Grinelli, are you home in
my sea or what? I don't recognize that background.
Yeah, what's up, boys? I got to go to
Rolling Loud last night. Shout out to
Handsome Hank. And we're also selling
a ton of breast cancer merch right now
for the Fuck Cancer Foundation, so
I'm a happy camper right now, boys.
Where did you say you went?
I went to the Rolling Loud Music Festival.
Hank knows the owner of the festival, so we got hooked up,
and it was a blast.
We got to see Travis Scott, Meek Mill.
It was a good time.
He said Travis Scott tore his ACL on stage and finished,
told the biz.
No.
Yeah.
How did he do it?
He was like missing a pass like biz did probably.
Someone chucked him a water bottle, and he reached out to grab it
and buckled his ACL. It's Canadian Thanksgiving, man. Someone chucked him a water bottle and he reached out to grab it and buckle it.
It's Canadian Thanksgiving, man.
Take it easy on me. No chirping this episode.
Next up, our buddy Ryan Whitney.
You're hitting the club still out there.
It was somewhat nice for golfing, right, this weekend?
Oh, no, you had a wedding, actually.
I just landed from Charleston, so congrats
to my good buddy Connor and his wife
Colleen, his new wife Colleen. Great people.
It was at Wild Dunes, which is like
Isles of Palm or something like that outside of
Charleston. We had a time, just a full
blown bender of a weekend. So I'm hurting
right now, but I also am all caught up
on the current goings of the National Hockey League.
So don't worry about your boy Witt and his knowledge
and facts that be coming at you no matter where
I'm at, no matter what I'm doing.
Wow.
Thank you.
And last but not least, our boy, Paul, Biz Nasty, Bissonette.
You've got a big weekend on tap now.
It's Canadian Thanksgiving, as I mentioned, today on Monday,
second Monday in October.
I know you guys eat turkey, do all the family stuff.
What are the differences, I guess, between American
and Canadian Thanksgiving that jump out?
Pretty much nothing.
I would say Americanicans a little bit more
over the top you guys go a little more hardcore but uh fortunate enough i have some canadian
friends in town and after we're done recording uh thank you to you guys for bumping the time up
i'm gonna go enjoy some turkey and stuffing and uh all the normal things that you would eat
on thanksgiving and and i guess we don't have the the black friday situation either there's nothing
no sales going on tomorrow i believe in canada so and there's definitely there's definitely way less like family beefs
like the videos you see coming out of massachusetts with mass holes like screaming at each other on
thanksgiving so i think portnoy he posts the same one every every america thanksgiving of like
the guy trying to fight his 90 year old uncle i think canadians aren't probably aren't probably
chucking yeah i don't think that's going on yeah now people hung over biz because it's on a monday so like people
the people party all weekend and everyone's just like buckled or hurting oh god you're putting me
on the spot i don't i would assume people have the day off in canada tomorrow because because
it's actually a holiday in the states tomorrow isn't it columbus day that's what i was saying
on the intro it's it's sort of it's not a holiday in every state. Some people work, some don't. It's kind of a, it's not a full on 100 holiday in the states.
It is in some places, not others. This may be a stupid question. Is this for Christopher Columbus?
Yes. Yes. Yeah. Okay. I asked the same thing the other day. Did you? Not on a podcast where
500,000 people are going to hear it, but I'm sure those 500,000, oh, now they're going to be like,
wow, Witt's a moron, like they didn't know before.
That question might do it.
I got to ask, though,
what other Columbuses are in the running for Columbus Day?
The Columbus Blue Jackets,
they won their first fucking series last year.
All right, good try, though.
Who do you think that city's named after?
Great call, Great call.
Great call.
I don't know.
I don't know.
We're going to be begging the Grinnell to add it to the show.
1492, Columbus sailed the ocean blue.
Want some mustard with that mine pretzel or what?
I'll say this, Stokes transitioning into hockey.
The start of the season's been unbelievable.
There's been unbelievable games, a lot of surprises, great storylines.
Fucking NHL's in a great place. Absolutely.
And there was a little bit of history made Saturday night.
Your boy, Phil the Throat Kessel,
played in his 1,000th NHL game.
Dude, he's had 11
straight 20-goal seasons, 6
30-goal campaigns,
two times won the Cup, the Masters,
the Trophy. People are saying, this fellow Hall of Fame
already, and he's got a pretty good resume,
but either way, congrats to him.
I'll tell you a little bit.
His teammates must be pissed.
He's only been there four games.
They already got a dig in the pocket.
Oh, my God.
I didn't know it was coming up that quick.
But I got tagged about 1,000 times in every single Instagram post
of him getting 1,000 games.
No, the radio crew does not have to chip in for a gift.
Do I sympathize for those guys in the locker room that have to chip in
and get him something nice and he's been around for four fucking games?
Yeah, I do a little bit.
But a great addition.
Actually, one other thing on Coyote front I want to talk about too
is Barrett Hayton made his NHL debut.
He was the fifth overall draft pick a few years ago.
I think some Coyote fans at the time were a little frustrated
they didn't pick that Zedina, who ended up going to Detroit
to pick after because he was more of a pure goal scorer,
and I think that that's what fans felt the Coyotes needed.
But this Hayton kid is a stud.
He's got some great patience out there.
I don't know if you guys watched that Vegas Golden Knights game
where he made some plays, and the one assist,
he got his first NHL point in his first NHL game.
He had Stastny on his back.
Yeah.
And he ended up making a backhand one-hand pass and got it over to
who did he get it over to?
Christ.
I'm drawn.
I think it was Dvorak.
And then Dvorak had a nice sauce over to Schmaltzy.
And I tell you what, boys, Grinnelli's going to hop in here
because I did give him some gambling advice.
But it was a great game by him.
Happy for him and his debut.
And just going back to Phil, he's been a real positive impact on this team.
He works his balls off.
I know he hasn't found the back of the net yet,
but I'd imagine that's coming soon.
Yotes were plus 350 on the alternate puck line.
And Biz Nasty gives me some inside tips last minute right before puck drop.
Subban's in.
Schmidt's not playing.
They had a great week at practice, and I smashed that puck line.
Yeah.
Thanks for the text, Biz.
Yeah, thanks.
Thanks for the heads up there, Biz.
Oh, boys, I wouldn't have even known what the fucking line was or anything
unless Grinnell texted me about an hour and a half before the game.
Oh, he let off with it.
He let off looking for some info.
It wasn't like you randomly went up to him.
He goes, how do you like the Yotes tonight?
And Vegas had played on the Tuesday,
and Arizona had a great week of practice
because their last game had been on the Saturday.
And it was a must win.
They'd been playing some great hockey.
I would say the Coyotes haven't played a bad period of hockey yet.
So I'm sure people love all this Coyotes haven't played a bad period of hockey yet. I'm sure people love
all this Coyotes talk off the hop.
It's Kessel talk.
He deserves it.
I felt with Subban and Nate Schmidt
out, that's a big loss for them.
Their back end's looking a little thin right now.
The Coyotes just stomped them.
They've struggled a little bit
against the Golden Knights since they've come into the league.
That was nice to establish that dominance early in the season
on a division rival.
Speaking of Phil, and quickly before I ask you the question,
congrats to him.
That is incredible.
I love that he's done it almost in the exact opposite type of way
that the new age player is, where all they're talking about
is working out, they're all jacked, they're all shredded.
Well, Phil doesn't really care.
He doesn't really look a certain way in terms of what you think
a high-level, one of the fastest players in the league,
professional athlete would.
But still, he's done it.
He's been incredible.
Interesting with the Hall of Fame talk, R.A.
I just looked up his numbers.
Very curious to see what will happen depending on how much longer he plays.
The two cups, he was unreal in both of those runs.
Biz, he doesn't have a goal yet, but are you seeing chances?
Oh, man, him, Stephon, and Keller have been just like tic-tac-toeing out there,
especially in the first three games.
I didn't catch much of the one in Colorado where they ended up coming back
in the third period after going down 2-0 and ended up losing in overtime,
but very good chemistry, a lot of depth in the overall lineup but uh yeah he looks good i i had never really watched him play
that much so i didn't know what to expect man he works his fucking balls off i know he's not maybe
not a gym rat but when it comes to playing and practicing he just likes he just likes the hockey
aspect to ask oh my hockey aspect of it.
Help me out here, boys.
He's not lazy at all.
People sometimes are like, oh, goal scorer.
He's always going hard.
Maybe defensively here and there he'll miss an assignment,
but when he gets the puck, there's no softness to his game.
He'll go to bat.
He'll go to tough areas.
So it's awesome to see him doing it for this long in 1,000 games.
Anyone who does that has my utmost respect
because it is just a wild number to think about.
Organically, you talked about the Hall of Fame,
and I kind of want to go into a discussion here.
I think more needs to be valued on the longevity aspect where
like I know Shane Doan would never get in the Hall of Fame
and people will probably think I'm biased.
I'll even transition it to a guy like Ray Whitney if you can play for that length of time and and put up
that type of numbers I mean how many guys have played over I think Ray Whitney would finish with
like over 11 or 1200 games Doan hit 1500 should should should there not be value in the fact that
he he played in the NHL for 20 years,
played 1,500 games, put up that many points?
I know there's a lot of emphasis on league awards and pure dominance
while you're in the league, but do you guys think that there should be
any weight for the longevity aspect?
It doesn't seem like it really matters because guys who do get in
who play a long time are really good players because, you know,
there have been guys who play like, you know, guys like Tommy Fitz,
for example, Tommy Fitzgerald had a great career. I think he played 16,
17 years as a check-in center.
Now he's never going to get call of fame consideration just because he played
for a long time. And there are tons of guys like that.
Like Matty Cullen, for example, he just retired. He had a great career.
No one thinks he's a hall of famer, but if,
if you were to consider longevity, longevity, longevity, whatever,
as a hall of fame caliber, a hall of fame aspect, then you would say, Oh, Matty C, as a Hall of Fame caliber,
a Hall of Fame aspect, then you would say, oh,
Matty Collins is a Hall of Famer based on how long he played.
So, no, I don't think if you play that long,
it's going to be that big of a factor. Only if you put up numbers that, you know.
Well, I mean, like Shane Doan had 972 points.
And then, I mean, even the Ray, here, let me find Ray Whitney's numbers.
I actually just looked it up.
I just looked up Ray Whitney.
It was 1,330 games, 1,064 points.
So, you know, not that far off a point per game player
and for that long of a career.
I mean, he could have an argument.
He could have an argument.
He played 108 playoff games.
But I'm more of the side of kind of liking the Hall of Fame,
almost being tougher to get into, where they just strictly are like,
you have to dominate.
You have to be one of the best.
You have to,
I'm not going to say you have to win league awards,
but there has to be years,
you know,
you were a top player in the,
in the league.
So if you start getting looser and looser,
I feel like it doesn't mean as much.
So there's some leagues that are really loose on hall of famers.
I feel like I wasn't going to die on that sword.
I was just kind of opening it up for discussion.
A guy like Patty Marlowe, will he make the Hall of Fame?
He should.
Yeah, he should.
That's a great question, actually.
Because, I mean, he doesn't have any league awards either.
I mean, he's got  I mean, by the time he's done
Does he never have a  he never has a league award?
He never has won a Selkie or a Lady Bing or anything?
He's going to hit 1,700 games by the time he's done
if he plays out this season. And he's gonna hit 1700 games by the time he's done if he plays
out this season and he's probably gonna finish with 1200 points but that's not a lot he's not
a lock i don't think that's what i'm saying he's not a lock he he had 48 40 goals once and i mean
of course his cups and he you know he hasn't won a cup you know what i mean that's that's a huge
factor when you when you weigh in the hockey hall of fame also to it kessel i mean he's what 32 but
he's ridiculously
healthy. He barely misses any time.
He could play another six, seven years. I mean, we
might be doing this for 1,500 games if we're
still around. He's got
.82 points per game.
I mean, if he continues at this pace
and, well, has another cup run, even another
cup, I think he's going to have a very solid
case for the Hall of Fame when all is said and done.
All right. Well, nice little talk there. Did we mention who's coming on for an interview? Somebody going to have a very solid case for the Hall of Fame when all is said and done. All right. Well, nice little talk there.
Did we mention who's coming on for an interview?
Somebody looking to get a little bit of a bump and a great guest.
We didn't necessarily know what to expect, but Ben Bishop,
big Ben Bishop, goalie of your Dallas Stars, came on,
and we had a hell of a time talking to him.
So he'll be coming on a little bit with you.
Yeah, it was good stuff.
We did have a little sad news that we needed to pass along uh ted green passed away at the age of 79
after a long illness also known as terrible teddy green he's a legendary name with two franchises
edmonton and boston he was an assistant on all five oiler teams that won stanley cups back in
the 80s and in 1990 but he's a much bigger name in boston not really for my generation actually
my dad's generation.
He was a tough stay-at-home defenseman.
He won the Cup with the 72 Bruins.
And here's the thing.
He was actually on that 1970 team that won the Cup as well,
but he wasn't able to play because in a preseason game that year,
he had a stick fight with Wayne Mackey on the Blues.
Ted Green hit Mackey with his stick on the torso somewhere.
Well, Mackey retaliated baseball style and hit him over the head with no helmet.
And, like, he went into convulsions on the ice.
It was a scary scene.
He fractured his skull.
Like, he was, like, temporarily paralyzed.
That was his big, ugly thing.
Yeah, it was huge.
How many games did the other guy get?
They both got charged, I believe.
But for  what was it, R.A.?
It was the first time  well, I'm not sure the exact charge,
but it was the very first time NHL players were ever charged for on-ice incidents.
They were both acquitted, but they were both charged because, I don't know,
it was probably some politician or somebody hated what they saw,
but it was a legit stick fight, and Teddy got the worst of it.
Fraction Scully, he missed the whole season, but the Bruins still,
back then I'm sure the politics were a little different too,
they were able to get his name on the Stanley Cup,
even though he wasn't able to play a game.
And he did win the Cup, like I said, in 72.
Also, I had a couple other notes here.
Basically, oh, the other thing too, he won three Avco Cups in a seven-year WHA career.
I know we don't talk about the WHA much,
but that was a pretty formidable league back in the 70s.
He played seven years there, won three Cups there.
Like I said, a lot of younger guys probably don't know him.
He's more my dad's generation, and obviously all his fans in the 80s know him,
but a great guy, beloved guy that everybody would know him.
We just want to, again, send our condolences and sympathies to anybody who knew him.
I don't know if you guys had anything you wanted to add.
Yeah, no, I read a little bit.
Jim Matheson in the Edmonton Sun wrote an article that I was catching up on
because it's funny. Everyone knows terrible Ted Green, but I didn't know that much about his entire career.
And also the fact that he went on and he coached.
And he won Stanley Cups as an assistant coach in Edmonton.
I think five of them under Glenn Sather.
And then who was the coach of the fifth one?
Muckler? Was it John Muckler?
Yeah, Muckler.
Was he the coach of all of them? I don't know. Either way.
He was a part of that, which was crazy to see, uh, reading about some of the stories. Like he's
a guy who he was going down to the mustard seed. I think it's a church in Edmonton. And he was like,
you know, feeding homeless people, helping out, never said a word. Nobody knew about it for years
until finally, uh, Robin Brown, they actually broke, broke the story or not broke the story,
but ended up bringing the story to life and describing how good of a person he was. And a bunch of people that
were quoted in the article said he was a quiet guy, but so when he spoke, people were, you know,
on like the edge of their seat, listening to what he said. Kevin Lowe had a quote that he would get
really emotional. His lip would quiver. And you could just tell this guy, like he, he had so much
passion in his life, whether he was playing or or coaching so pretty cool stuff to read the other thing that uh he was a funny guy too
like one of the things in this article says that uh when sean van allen got knocked out and you
know ted ted green was told he didn't know who he was when he woke up green goes tell him he's
wayne gretzky i guess you can tell like the guy was just a comedian so um i guess when he was coach, Esa Tikkanen used to shoe check him all the time.
He used to drive him nuts.
But pretty good article in the Edmonton Sun by Jim Mattson.
He's a longtime writer there who kind of described this guy's life
and how special of a person he was to a lot of people.
So when a hockey legend goes down and lives this great life that he did,
I think it's definitely right of us to mention him
and think of him and his friends, his family. He survived by his wife and three kids, I think it's definitely right of us to mention him and think of him and his friends, his family.
He survived by his wife and three kids, I think it is.
Yeah, his wife, Pat, and three children.
So thinking of your father and anyone who knew Ted Green,
that's a hell of a life he lived.
So rest in peace.
Well said, boys.
Well said, Witt.
Some guys are lucky to be a legend in one city,
and he's a legend in two of them.
So that's a great testament.
Also, too, Witt, I was saying he got his name on the cup,
and teammates also gave him their playoff share back then,
which in 1970 was probably a 12-pack and a carton of cigarettes.
But even so, it shows what his teammates thought of him
to give him the playoff share.
So, again, our condolences to friends and family at Teddy Green.
Back to some other NHL news.
Bo Horvath, to the surprise of nobody,
was named the 14th captain in Vancouver
Conex history.
I'm not sure if you guys saw it.
They did this whole pregame ceremony where the first and last Conex captains
came out, 83-year-old, all in curtain box.
Shout out to him.
Dude, 83 years old, he showed up for the ceremony.
He was the first ever captain in Conex history.
And was it Henrik Sedin?
I still get them confused all these years later.
They showed up at Center Rice and then Horvat came over,
took his current jersey off, and then put the new one on with the C on it.
Now, the crowd went nuts.
Did you guys happen to see it at all?
I know a little clip's coming.
I caught quite a few things from it.
I mean, they had a lot of guys in town.
Biexa was doing some funny stuff in the locker room.
They posted some video content of that.
Henrik and Daniel went into the uh canucks
locker room uh in order to present borho borho bat in front of the team with with the captaincy
and then just the overall ceremony in order to kick off the season for the vancouver canucks
you know that that organization and fan base hasn't had a lot to cheer about in the last few
years so it was pretty cool and they ended up going out there and smoking the LA Kings.
I think the final was 8-2.
So just a great night overall for them.
That Bo Horvath, just like a salt of the earth guy.
Couldn't have picked a better.
He's kind of the new Shifley.
He's on such a team-friendly contract.
He brings so much to the table.
Very happy for him.
And a special night for Canucks fans.
I loved it. I already had mentioned to us kind of what had gone down. night for Canucks fans. I loved it.
I already had mentioned to us kind of what had gone down.
I didn't get the chance to see it,
but in a different way of announcing your cap,
your new captain,
I love the fact that guys were out there and older captains.
And it is a legacy thing where you're,
you're,
you're,
you're part of history for the rest of your life with the Vancouver Canucks.
So to know that the other captains are there,
they're wishing you luck.
You know,
you have guys like that in your corner. I think it makes it a little bit easier and it's cool for
fans to see a passing in the guard i mean the most legendary uh taking the jersey off type thing is
ray bork with esposito when he had the seven on and flipped it off for 77 and those type those
things are memorable in terms of seeing a former player out there representing the team that he was
captain for and passing it on to somebody else and And he's very deserving. Biz, you said it perfect.
The guy plays like his hair's on fire, dude.
He's a motherfucker out there.
He's hard to play against.
He's looking for his first goal still this season,
but I think that that's not really what kind of describes
and shows the type of player he is completely.
It's just goal scoring.
He does all the little things, which is why he was named captain.
So good times ahead for the Canucks.
We'll see this year.
But, Mikey, you were dead on on that pick. You picked the Canucks to roll that night and it was a shit kicking won
me a little bit of money so thank you for that Grinnell Grinnell's gambling corner we're gonna
spark it up here I'm buzzing this season boys are you really so getting insider trading info from
the Phoenix Coyotes boys I'm gonna try to do it justice this is one thing that Bo Horvat tweeted
out it was uh from his uh like you know when you go into your notepad, because it was such a long tweet.
I still remember it like it was yesterday, almost seven years ago, standing on stage and pulling
this jersey over my head for the first time. I remember going to bed at night and never wanted
to take it off. Since that day, I've been lucky to learn what this jersey really means and stands
for. Hard work, history, perseverance, and the privilege to represent one of the world's
greatest cities the province of bc and an incredible diverse fan base i've been so fortunate
to learn firsthand for many other great leaders and players over the years and our group today
is made of many of them as a team we are looking forward to working towards our ultimate goal
of bringing a championship to a great to the great fans of Canucks Nation.
Thank you again for this honor.
The best is yet to come, Bo.
So I did all right with the read and the hope.
Thanks, boys.
Holy shit.
Hey, forget you, Bo Hormath.
Let's talk about that reading right there, Biz.
Can I read a statement for that?
I'd like to say on today, October 12th,
Paul Bissonnette just read like a human being that knows how to read.
Let's give him another round of applause, everyone.
Coyotes are going to give you their Masterson vote this year, Bissonnette.
Well, now if you want to know what I did all weekend was practice that,
and I was unable to stick the landing.
Grinnelli wasted his whole weekend.
Hey, ask Grinnelly.
Sometimes you got to let out these tapes of me struggling.
Oh, dude.
The one with the letter from the girl.
That one needs to be released.
I felt bad.
I texted Grinnelly when I was like, do it.
Like, want me to just do this?
I kind of was starting to feel bad for him.
Anyway, that's behind us.
I'm a good reader now.
But no, that's a cool statement.
That shows how much that guy cares.
His dream is to play in the NHL.
Now to be a captain.
That's even beyond your wildest dreams for a lot of people.
So congrats to him.
I'm curious to see if other teams do that now.
Cause I had never seen anything like that before for,
for switching over the captain.
I mean,
it was a,
it was a big,
big deal,
a lot of pomp and circumstance.
So I'm curious to see if other teams do that going forward.
And also too, I think, guys, this is a perfect example
of why you don't grade trades right away.
I mean, Vancouver, excuse me, traded Corey Schneider for a pick
that ended up being Horvat.
People were down on the trade for a long time.
Well, you know, look at it today.
How many people would trade Schneider for Horvat today?
So I think that's why sometimes you've got to be patient on trades as well.
Absolutely.
Good call, R.A. You should be a GM.
Not completely useless here.
We'll get Grinnelly doing the gambling corner and you're going to turn into a
GM.
Honestly, anybody but me should be doing anything,
anything resembling a gamble corner right now.
Although I did have the NFL today, did have the Seahawks.
They helped me out a little today, but my God, my speaking,
can I just bring up an off topic NFL thing?
Okay.
So down the wedding, I run into a buddy of mine.
You're getting called out.
Brendan Pierce.
Bino is his nickname.
All right.
I haven't seen like buddies lose term.
We're friendly, but I never really see the guy biz.
Okay.
I see this guy.
No joke.
Before I'm even like, you know, what's up?
He's like this.
Hey, dude, Sunday, Jacksonville Jaguars, Cleveland Browns, pick of the year,
both of them.
Take both games.
Take them on an AR.
Take them in a parlay.
I'm like, it was like the most out of nowhere NFL call to take the Jaguars
and the Browns, and I've never seen somebody so confident.
So I hammered both of them.
They both didn't cover.
Fuck you, Bino, coming up to me with this.
Like, what's the word when you don't even ask for something, R.A.?
Unsolicited.
Unsolicited gambling, like, corner with Beano telling me how they're both
lock of the years and they're both losers.
So I'm more broke now because of that.
So, Brendan Price, come on, buddy.
You owe me a pick now.
Jesus Christ.
Sorry.
I got fucking porked on that Seattle.
I had them in the first half, plus a half.
So they missed the fucking extra point early.
So when they had to go for two, well, they went for two.
They didn't have to, but they went for two right before the half,
and they didn't really come.
The guy missed it by a yard.
So instead of winning, it was basically a 4,000 swing on a fucking miss.
Oh, God.
Unsolicited kick on the Jacksonville Jaguars and Cleveland Browns.
I'm surprised I didn't get any tweets about the Pasha gambling,
the blocked shots thing.
That was still.
Guys, we glanced over Patrick Marleau.
We didn't talk about the fact that he's rocking new skates this year.
That's probably why he was waiting.
He had, like, 14 contract offers.
He's like, hold on.
I just got to figure out if I could still skate and non-rebox.
But what are they, CCMs?
Yeah, I think he scored in his first game, didn't he?
And then ended up winning it.
Yeah, two, didn't he?
I think he got two in the first game. Oh, that was my last gambling quarter.
That was my San Jose bet.
I had a money line heavier than the puck line.
But, yeah, they actually did. That was one of my few games I won last week.
Yeah, I took them because of your puck line. That was the game in Chicago, right? Right, yeah.
The wild one. Chicago guys. What else we got going on in the hockey world, boys?
Well, one other follow-up. No, we did talk, I think last episode
or two episodes ago about the people complaining about the chairs in the garden. You know, people
were sitting there saying they were too tight and all this stuff well i went to the opener saturday
night versus the devils and i says let me do little boots on the ground put my big j hat on i did try
to periscope it but the wi-fi in there sucks so i couldn't and i went to go check out the seats for
myself man and they're fucking tough dude i'm not i'm not a small guy but i don't have an ass like
i'm not like a big fucking wide guy like a big ass. You can feel the things on both sides.
There's already no leg space there.
So you're confined.
It's almost like being in a box.
And that's what I'll drink, food.
And especially in the wintertime, people start wearing big, bulkier jackets
and having boots and taking up more space.
So basically what they did is, because I talked to a kid,
he said they took the whole row out and put all new seats in.
Because instead of having 14 seats at'd say, I don't know,
24 inches wide, you could do 18 seats at 16 inches wide,
whatever the math is.
And you sit down, and it's like, dude, what about a dude who's like 6'3",
6'4", like a good-sized guy?
It's impossible.
And doesn't have an ass like a pizza box.
Exactly.
It's just like people are not going to go to the games if that's the difference.
That's fucking bullshit. I mean, I understand teams have to find revenue.
But listen, they built this place 20 fucking years ago. I said it before.
They already shoehorned it in there. They already had too many seats and too small of a building.
And now you're ripping them out and you're doing it to the people you can most afford to do it.
So the people set up high, like blue collar types like myself who can barely afford to sit up there as it is and now you're squeezing them out because if they don't want to re-up
anymore then fuck it someone else will take them so but it's it's a miserable experience man it's
not fucking fun it goes only in the balcony it's only in the balcony i'm not sure about the lodge
i couldn't get any like straight answers like what i was poking around but it's definitely in
the balcony like it's lodge too i know they have lodge too so it's definitely in the balcony. It's Loge 2. I know they have Loge 2. So it's the whole arena.
So you sent
the Chicklets group chat
a little message where they came out and said
they know they fucked up, R.A.?
What can you do now, though?
It was actually funny. The first statement was
from the team, and they're like,
it was more or less like, yeah, deal with it.
Fucking sunglasses, fucking me.
Just deal with it. Yeah, suck on it.. Like, you know, just deal with it.
Yeah, suck it.
Yeah, suck on it.
You'll get used to it, basically.
And then the team, actually, the garden president, Amy Latimer,
I think she's the president of the whole garden,
she came out with like a much softer statement.
Was like, listen, we heard you.
We're going to, you know, take a look at this.
And look, I get it.
You know, you want to raise revenue.
But this team's fucking worth 3 billion.
They've been in this arena for 20 years.
You don't go fucking ripping seats out and adding more.
It's just a miserable experience.
If you have to sit in that seat for three hours.
Yeah,
that's bullshit.
Not sure.
Fans are going to put up with that shit.
Anyway,
I should cool down.
Maybe send it over to Ben Bishop right about now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Sounds great.
So,
um,
I know prior to the season,
I bummed out a lot of Dallas fans.
I said,
listen,
we're going to make a lot of money on this team.
And people thought right away, oh, wow, this is going to be a wagon.
And things haven't started off great for them.
We'll see if they can get going a little bit.
But we still were thrilled to get the chance to talk to Big Ben Bishop.
We're going to go over to him right now.
And then we're looking for a chicklets bump for him and the entire team
to really get it going once this thing drops.
So right now, bring your Ben Bishop.
And before we get to Ben Bishop,
I just want to mention that the interview
was brought to you by GOAT.
Every time I'm looking over at Grinnelli,
he's always got some new fresh sneakers on
or fresh shoes on.
I mean, dude, where'd you get those, man?
I mean, I'm out the game a little bit.
I still like to dress snazzy once in a while,
and that's why Grinnelli referred me to GOAT.
It's the global destination for authentic sneakers
ranging from new releases to rare finds
and exclusive drops.
Goat.com is the safest way to buy and sell authentic sneakers online.
Don't have to worry about meeting shady characters down the street.
Do it all online.
They have thousands of styles from the past and present, even shoes that are yet to be released.
All are guaranteed authentic by Goat.
From Yeezys to Jordans to Gucci's, GOAT gives you access to
everything you're looking for and even those shoes you didn't know you had to have. They work only
with trusted sellers and before any shoe was sold, every detail is inspected. From the stitching and
color to the size and weight, GOAT ensures every shoe matches exact factory specs. And with over
15 million users around the world buying and selling verified shoes every day at GOAT, you'll find exactly what you want at the best price possible.
Find the perfect 100 authentic sneaker at GOAT.com slash chicklets.
Plus, you'll also be supporting our show.
But you've got to go right now before the sneakers you want are gone.
Go to GOAT.com slash chicklets.
Spell that one more time for you g-o-a-t.com slash
chicklets c-h-i-c-l-e-t-s yeezys jordans off whites if you're gonna buy sneakers for a few hundred
dollars how can you be sure they're the right thing go to go our next guest has been one of
the top goalies in the nhl for the last few years. He's been a Vezina finalist in three of the last six seasons,
as well as a pretty strong bid for a Conn Smythe.
He's heading into his 11th NHL season and his third one with the Dallas Stars.
Welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Ben Bishop.
Thanks for having me, boys.
Damn, I didn't know you were that good of a goalie.
Yeah, he's sick, man.
Neither did I.
Where did this come from bish
so hey so this year man it's got to be exciting i've already said which could really be a curse
but i'm about to make so much money on the dallas casares i think you guys are going to have a hell
of a year so i'm guessing with camp going on the new additions everyone loving playing for
jim montgomery it's gonna be pretty exciting right now, huh? Yeah, everybody's really excited.
Some big off-season moves,
and now it's just about getting training camp over and starting it.
Have you noticed any of Pavelski's tips yet,
just the ability to get a stick on every single point shot?
He's pretty good.
He goes out before every practice, too, and we work on it.
That's what's so good about him is he loves going out before practice
and staying after and working with the goalies.
We had a goalie practice the other day.
Pavelski, Perry, Sagan, and Ben.
Good luck.
I was like, yeah, this is pretty good.
Unreal.
Go ahead, Ari.
Ben, you're a St. Louis kid, so how the hell did you end up going all the
way at the university of maine and when you got there were you like holy shit well lost or no
yeah well i actually came down to dallas for juniors so i went from like a warm nice city
all the way up to orno maine but it was good i mean the goalie like history they had when i was
looking at colleges i think the last previous eight goalies before I got there played in the NHL.
So when Maine started recruiting me, it was kind of an easy decision.
I went up on a visit, and I stayed with Billy Ryan and a couple of Mavs guys,
and they showed me a good time on my visit.
And the next morning I committed.
I probably should have taken a couple more visits just for some fun but I committed right on the spot hey so Billy Ryan one of my closest buddies
his brother Mike played in the NHL and uh he's a great guy he told me he said we had a hell of a
night and there was no chance he was going anywhere else so it really I think he takes a lot of
ownership in getting you to commit that quick you know other teams were like we didn't even get to
show him our campus it's true and his pops was there his dad's buddies were there it was pretty fun it was actually an epic night
it was a good time and you played with our boy teddy purcell at the university of maine what
was that guy like back then he was hilarious he still is hilarious but he was a freshman he was
like a 21 year old freshman in the dorms oh he. And he was a good  he always did, like, sleepwalks.
I forget who his roommate was his freshman year.
We were like, who is this guy?
Like, wake up in the middle of the night and start getting my bed and stuff.
This is before Ampion.
Exactly.
Teddy Purcell's a sleepwalker.
Yeah, well, he was a good player too.
We should have had him the year before and we probably would have won it.
But he was a 21-year-old freshman. He was just toying with guys out there as a freshman. He was so cocky as player, too. We should have had him the year before, and we probably would have won it. But he was a 21-year-old freshman.
He was just toying with guys out there as a freshman.
He was so cocky as a freshman, too.
But he had the game to back it up.
It was pretty funny.
Ben, as a St. Louis guy, you get drafted by the Blues in 05.
Well, I knew you were born in Denver, but you were raised in St. Louis, correct?
Yeah, I was just in Denver for like eight months.
And they had you in the system for a few years.
They traded you to Ottawa.
Did that throw you for a loop, kind of bum you out,
thinking you were going to play for the hometown team,
and they ended up sending you to Ottawa?
Not really, because I was there for three seasons,
and then that next year I had a really good training camp,
and I thought I was going to make the team,
and they had Elliott and Halak that year.
And those guys ended up winning
the Jennings trophy so there's kind of nowhere for me to go and Doug Armstrong actually did me a big
favor and at the deadline Craig Anderson cut his finger making dinner one night and so he was out
for like a month and a half so Ottawa I was in the minors and Ottawa traded for me and Doug called
me he's like I found you a spot to play and awesome I got really lucky as far as went to Ottawa and got to play like eight or nine games in a row there down the
stretch we were trying to make the playoffs and kind of had my shot so I was lucky that Craig
you know unfortunately he cut his finger but it was good for my career it's funny all those years
that the Blues had such good teams but goaltending was the question well they had Elliott and Halak
the one year so then all of a sudden they have the question. Well, they had Elliott and Halak the one year, so then all
of a sudden they have you. They're able to let you
go and then now Binnington there. It's like lately
they've been hot, but I think it was great
for you and I'm sure you'd say the same when you get to
Ottawa to get the chance. And that's where I thought
because the play was getting better and better, you'd stay
but then all of a sudden the trade to Tampa
like, was that a shock? And were you like
alright, well now this could be really good?
It wasn't a shock.
I knew because they had Robin Leonard that was coming up,
and I think he was a first-round pick for Ottawa.
Him and I, we were both playing well,
and I knew they were going to keep him just because he was their draft pick
and whatnot.
So we were in Boston, and we actually had, like,
kind of like a little mini rookie party that night before the deadline.
So we were out real late and
then we had like nine o'clock yoga at the Ritz in Boston and the deadline was that afternoon so we
were up all night we went to yoga in the morning and we went back to our room I was trying to sleep
but I knew I was going to get traded later that afternoon and I was looking at Twitter and there's
all these rumors about different places like Edmonton and Calgary and Columbus. And all of a sudden I got a phone call from Brian Murray,
and he's like, traded you to Tampa.
And I was sitting there fist pumping in my bed,
like I was going to Edmonton or something.
They told me I was going to Tampa.
So it was pretty good.
And then you know how it goes.
I was on a flight later that night and played the next night.
Ben, I just want to go back to PR for a minute.
Is it true you had a scrap in your second professional game?
It's true.
Yeah, I was.
Wow.
Was it another college?
It was against Jason Bukashewa.
Oh, I played with him in World Juniors.
He played at Michigan, I remember.
Yeah, he was actually with the Blues when I first got drafted, too.
And it was the second game, and all of a sudden there was kind of a full-on brawl at
the other end and you're trying to fit in you know so I was like all right fuck it I'm going down
there so I went down there and just kind of actually he was it kind of had his back to me
so I turned him around like I didn't want to just sucker the guy so it ended up just kind of being
more of a wrestling match but I could have got him if I really wanted to but I didn't want to
be that guy which for most people who don't know, I mean,
they would assume that's how you got your tooth knocked out,
but that's not the case.
I know a lot of people probably know the story,
but it's rare where a goalie's got a missing tooth.
How did you lose yours?
Well, I had veneers on my tooth.
It's actually kind of a funny story.
I had veneers on my two fake front teeth,
and we were playing in Toronto.
I forget who it was, maybe Hyman or somebody took a shot.
I was coming right at my face, and I kind of just kind of ducked my chin.
So my chin guard came up, and it popped my front tooth out.
And I was sitting there like, oh, that hurt.
And all of a sudden I was feeling my tongue, and I was like, oh, shit, that hurt, and all of a sudden I was feeling my tongue,
and I was like, oh, shit, my tooth's missing, and whatever.
But I already had a root canal or something,
so I couldn't feel anything.
And then the press just ran with it.
They're like, oh, look how tough he is.
He put a new mask on, stays in the game.
Everybody was talking about it.
There was, like, tweets with, like, LeBron, you know,
getting carried off.
Oh, no. That's good for you, though, whatever. about it there was like those like tweets with like lebron you know getting carried off you look like the hero though yeah so i was like yeah i'll run with it for a little bit but now
the truth coming out right now you couldn't you couldn't live your whole life like i am lying
about my hole-in-one to my grandfather i know what you're saying you had to come and admit it
so uh 2000 then they fixed it.
And then the next year, same thing happened in Chicago.
Got loose.
And then I got an x-ray.
And they said there was bone loss.
And so, they had to pull it.
So, now I'm walking around asking the same question.
How do I not have a tooth as a goalie?
Bish, in 2013-14, that was when you started getting, like, heavy workload as a goaltender.
How hard is it? And is it the hardest part of switching to being a starter,
is just having to mentally prepare game in and game out
to play that full 60 minutes and stand in there and be consistent?
Exactly, and I think that's really helped me in Ottawa.
When I got traded there, I got to play seven, eight games in a row
when Craig was hurt, and then kind of go back to the backup role when Craig came.
So he kind of got that experience, and the next year Craig got hurt again.
So, you know, I got to play three, four, five games in a row,
and then he would come back.
So then that year when I finally had a chance to be the starter in Tampa,
I kind of had that experience from the years past that I was ready for it.
You know, you kind of knew what it took, and, you know,
it was kind of a big reason why I had the success
when I went to Tampa because I had those couple stints in Ottawa where I had a chance to be the
number one guy, but then at the same time knew that Craig was going to come back and didn't have
that pressure where I had to be the number one guy. When I went to Tampa, it really helped me,
the experience I got from Ottawa. As the game completely switches over to players getting smaller
and goaltenders getting bigger,
I imagine when you were really turning pro in college,
were you still dealing with any of like,
you're too big to be a goalie?
I know it doesn't seem like that could ever be a question now,
but at times before, goalies were smaller.
So I didn't know if you ever dealt with that
or it made the position more difficult
in terms of while you were going through growth spurts,
being younger and things like that.
Exactly.
And even my first year pro,
I was still getting knee pain and shoulder pain.
That's crazy.
And it really wasn't until I had Rick Wamsley,
the goalie coach,
and he really wanted me to be aggressive and out.
And then Corey Hirsch came in,
and he's the one that really dialed me in
as far as just play deep, use your size.
He was kind of the big reason I turned my career around in the minors.
I just started playing deeper and trying to use my size to my advantage
instead of kind of chasing the game.
You mentioned Corey Hirsch.
Did he help you a lot with the mental side of the game as well?
I know he's pretty vocal online about all that stuff.
He was great.
You know, even Walmer was great.
I was with Walmer for three years in St. Louis.
And even back then, we didn't even have a goalie coach in the minors.
Like, Walmer was our goalie coach, but he was full-time with the Blues.
That's crazy to think about that.
Like, you're trying to develop a goalie.
And, I mean, if anything, you're better off having one of the minors
than you are in the NHL.
Exactly. And it wasn't until recently that really now all having one of the minors than you are in the NHL. Exactly.
And it wasn't until recently that really now all the teams in the minors have goalie coaches.
I mean, I never had a goalie coach until Maine.
Until college was the first time I ever had a goalie coach.
And then in pro, like when Corey Hirsch, he was finally, they got somebody for the minors.
And he came down and, you know, just just like you said just talking to you and kind of
picking you up because sometimes the minors can be a grind as far as playing like three and three
you're playing that third game everybody's tired and you're just getting like lit up and you feel
bad but then you know hershey would come in and be like listen you know it's the third and third
game like third game and third night nobody's really paying attention to the the stat line just
worry about like the way you want to play. He really helped me out.
Ben, you had a bit of a journey from when you got drafted
to becoming a number one guy, getting a full workload.
During those eight years, did you really get frustrated at all
or feel like you weren't getting a real chance?
How do you keep positive in all that stuff?
It could get tough.
When you're younger, you kind of pay attention to, like, the NHL team
when you're in the minors and you're thinking about, you know, watching the Blues games and everything.
You kind of forget that, you know, you're in the minors and you've got to take care of business.
And it took me a couple years to realize that because my first year I got called up two weeks into the season
and had a couple good games in the NHL.
And, you know, when that happened, it's like, oh, I'm ready to play in the NHL now, but really you're so far away.
So you just gotta, you know, stick with it. And then that,
finally that last, that fourth year, the minors, it was kind of,
when I got sent down, it's like,
you're not playing to make the blues anymore. You're trying,
trying out for 30 other teams every night, you know,
hoping somebody's watching you and, you know, wants to trade for you.
So those first couple of years,
you're always paying attention to the club you're on. And then you realize, you know, not every, you know wants to trade for you so those first couple years you're always paying attention to the club you're on and then you realize you know not every you know the goalie
position is tough because there's only two on each team so if the if the NHL club's got two good guys
you're not really going anywhere so you kind of I kind of changed my mindset to more of you know
I'm just kind of trying out every night for 30 other teams. I've heard through the grapevine
it's pretty funny story involving, like,
pretty much how you got your first NHL start.
I'd love to hear it actually from you, though.
Is it true Sarah Palin's involved in this somehow?
Yeah, she's my savior.
Yeah, fill everyone in on this because I don't even know all the details.
I got called up.
Chris Mason actually had an appendectomy. So it was like two weeks into the season I got called up. Chris Mason actually had an appendectomy.
So it was like two weeks into the season I got called up just on cloud nine from St. Louis.
I got called up that Blues were in St. Louis. The first game was against Detroit.
And I remember I was just backing up, but I was still so nervous.
You looked at the roster, like they wrote the roster on the board of Detroit,
and that was back when they had everybody.
And it's like Holmstrom, Zetterberg, Dotsuk, you know, up and down the lineup.
You're like, oh, my gosh, these guys are  like am I really in a game against these guys?
But I was just backing up.
So the whole warm-ups, you know, I was so nervous.
Just even sitting on the bench, I was nervous and just kind of like sitting there
like a scared little kid.
And then whatever, we had like a practice the next day,
and then we were playing, I think we were playing L.A.,
and Sarah Palin was dropping the puck,
and that was when she was going to be the vice president
and running for it.
So like all the secret services downstairs,
and, you know, I'd been there for a few days now,
so I was all comfortable and, you know, went out for warm-ups,
you know, and skating around, like with the extra, like, pep in my stride,
like, looking in the stands, like, seeing my buddies up there,
like, thinking I was all, you know, hot shit.
And then, so after warm-ups, they put the carpet out
for her to, like, walk to center ice.
Well, Manny Legacy didn't know the carpet was there,
so he's going to step on the ice and steps on the carpet
and kind of tweaks his groin.
But whatever, I'm at the end of the line, so I get back on the ice and steps on the carpet and kind of tweaks his groin but whatever i'm at the end of the line so i get back on the ice and i'm skating around like looking up in the stands and all of a sudden danny high note comes up to me and he's like hey bish
man he's tweaked his groin be ready to go in and i swear my heart dropped so fast
that feeling in your stomach and i was like oh my anything, you'd think that it would be better that way
because you wouldn't have had time to lead up and be nervous.
It's just like, yo, you're going, buddy.
Show's on.
Yeah, well, he stayed in the first period,
and every save he'd make, he'd, like, wince.
Oh, shit.
And I was like, you know, I was just, like, shaking in my skates on the bench,
like, oh, shit, I'm about to go in.
And halfway through the period, I had to get up.
I went back in the tunnel, and I started stretching.
I couldn't watch anymore because I was just like sitting there waiting for the nod and then sure enough like in between periods you know the trainer came up he's
like hey bitch you're going in for the second so it kind of gave me a little bit of time to get
ready but yeah it was kind of funny just how like how comfortable I was for the second game and then
all of a sudden I was like hey you're in it in. It's like hits you like a pound of bricks, like, oh, shit, I got to go in here.
Hey, you kind of mentioned all those big names for the Detroit lineup.
When you were in Tampa Bay, you guys had some, I mean, these are big boy players,
Martin St. Louis, Stammer, Purcell, Lecalvi.
What's it like having that many, I mean, hockey legends in one locker room?
It was great. You know, a really good group of one locker room. It was great.
You know, a really good group of guys there that first year in Tampa.
Teddy, we even had like Bugsy.
Oh, geez.
Any Bugsy stories for us either?
He might be the greatest.
Can't tell.
He's the greatest teammate of all time.
That guy wouldn't do anything for any of his teammates.
But, yeah, I just think when I got traded there, the second or third game,
they were playing cards, and they played a big card game in Tampa,
like the A-table, we called it.
That could get some crazy money.
How big?
How big?
It was pretty big.
Yeah, Bugsie could let you down.
But I was like, so I was whatever.
I was just trying to fit in.
So I forget, we were I forget we were
spending the night played like in Buffalo we were spending the night after the game
and they're playing cards in the room and I was like oh yeah I'll play with you guys like
sure you know I'm trying to fit in and it was Marty, St. Louis, Vinny, I think it was Teddy
and so I started playing or whatever I didn't even know what was going on next thing I knew
I was down like 3,500 bucks I owed it to I knew, I was down like 3,500.
I owed it to Vinny.
And I was like, oh, like whatever.
Like Vinny's made like 100 million in his career.
He's not going to make me pay, right?
So I was like, no, I don't have like 3,500 in cash on me. So I write him a check thinking like, you know, whatever, I'll pay him, obviously.
But, you know, there's no way he's going to cash this.
I give him the check, get home late at night.
He already cashed the check within like three hours.
No blue light special from Vinny.
He didn't blue light you a dollar.
No, I actually went up and was like, geez, Vinny, you didn't even give it a day.
And he's like, oh, no, I gave it to my dad.
He takes care of it.
Oh, Jesus.
He's like, dad, got a new victim.
Here it is.
I'll just forward it over to you.
Ben, you had some great years under John Cooper in Tampa.
He seems to be a bit more of a modern coach than some of his peers,
like, you know, interact a lot more with the younger guys.
How did you guys get along when you played under him?
Cooper's great.
He's a lot different than most coaches.
Very laid back.
He's a player's guy.
He's like one of the few coaches I've ever seen that goes on the last bus to the game.
You know, he's sitting on the bus when you're pulling up to the game 10 minutes before it starts.
And he's really, he's all about the guys having a good time and, you know,
about team camaraderie and making sure, you know,
he doesn't care if you go out the night before the game as long as, you know, everybody's going out the night
before a game type deal.
So he's big into, you know, team chemistry,
and I think that's why his teams have had success because they always have
each other's backs and always good chemistry down there.
Does he ever lose his shit?
And if he does, what does it take to make him lose his shit?
He seems pretty even keeled.
No, I mean, I would say the four years I was with him,
I don't think he ever came into the
room screaming one geez wow that's amazing those guys that you know a win's a win and it doesn't
matter if you win you know if you play terrible and you win the game he comes in and he's always
happy and then i feel like if you get blown out and he's like ah it's all right boys you know
it happens every now and then like we'll get'll get him next time. Like, he never really gets mad. And sometimes you feel like, you know, you should
get a little bit more mad. But then when you think about how long the season is and
you know, to have that type of attitude all season long where it doesn't matter as long as you
find ways to win, you know, he's going to be happy. It kind of, I think it helps throughout
the, you know, because you can go through some bad times in a season when the coach is, you know, in a good mood.
And when you're going through a tough time and he kind of brushes it off as far as you're going to have the ups and downs,
it makes not so much of a grind when you're not playing as well.
So I'm being told by an ex-teammate of yours also over the phone, I get a text,
that you're one of the best athletes that he's ever seen, every sport you're good at,
and tells me your grandfather played in the U.S. Open, was a professional tennis player like did you play a million sports growing up
it sounds like it yeah i never every summer i mean we played everything is you know tennis
golf was on the swim team when i was younger and then basketball football baseball you played all
those sports like like you played football on a team?
It wasn't just in the backyard fucking around?
No, I played middle school football 7th and 8th grade for
middle school.
I was wide receiver and quarterback.
You fucking cheater.
What do you pay the guitar to?
No, I can't play guitar.
He knows magic.
I only got to play four games because I was always on the road for hockey.
It was fun.
I mean, just going to practice every day.
He was quarterback and receiver.
He'd just throw the ball in the air and go catch it himself
because he's so tall over all the kids.
I would have been the quarterback, but I couldn't go to all the games,
so I was like the backup quarterback.
Whenever I was there, I'd get to play a couple snaps and I always used to run a double reverse for like three yards we got to talk about we got
to talk about Dallas a little bit that's where you're at now this team's we talked about it up
and coming you had a few young studs on the blue line um and was it lindell and hayshire and then and i love uh why am i blanket on his name
the righty d man clingberg that guy so i'll see him toe drag people right in front of you
like he does not have a heart like he does not care but it always works huh like he's just a
breakout machine he's a good player sometimes he he's got to slow down and wait for everybody.
But we're lucky.
We've got some great D.
Miro's going to be a stud.
We've got Rupe Hintz coming up as a forward.
He's going to be a stud too.
So the Finns are taking over Dallas.
But it's good.
We've got a good group, really good D-Core.
Fun to work with.
And, yeah, definitely looking forward to it.
Ben, you've been around for a while. You've been part of many, many goalie tandems.
Have you ever had a guy quite like Anton Hudobin as your partner?
No, he's a first. Dobie's hilarious, super laid back, very Russian. He's fun. You know,
I grew up playing against some of the minors and stuff so it's kind of fun to you know go full circle and be on his team and you know he's very laid back
with one of those guys that you know he can play the game he comes to the bench during a timeout
and he's like talking about the most random thing like doby man like the game we had a one goal lead
here with like five minutes left and he's like talking about something completely random you
know so i definitely can't do that but he's that type of guy that you know nothing really
phases him and just goes out and plays and he's a competitor and he's been good for a long time
does he wear terrible track suits to the rink like abercrombie and fit shit
terrible oh does he really oh my god last year i this, but last year you got an all red one, like sweatpants.
Like I could get a Target, but it was, yeah, it was like some super...
It's probably 10 grand.
Yeah, it was like, yeah, it was a 2,000 sweatshirt and pants. I'm like, don't be like, I can feel like I could go get that at Target right now.
I feel like I could go get that at Target right now.
And he wears it like, you know, like one of those things that sticks out like a sore thumb.
So when he wears it, everybody knows it.
But then when he wears it every third day, like.
It really sticks out.
You got to wash that thing, too.
He's like, no, I'll just buy a new one.
Yeah.
It's like, what's so proud of you?
They don't care what it looks like.
As long as it's expensive, then it's good.
So actually, with him being so reliable,
have you already talked with Jim Montgomery about what he plans,
like a number of starts for you this year?
How does that work out?
You know going in, all right, I want to get 55.
I want to get a little less, a little more. I always wonder that.
Yeah, every year people talk about it, like the media.
They're like, how many games are you going to play this year?
It just kind of comes down to how guys are playing.
You know, last year we were both playing so well.
So, you know, but if one guy is starting to play better than the other,
then, you know, the other guy is going to play.
So it's tough to sit there and say you want to play this many games.
Obviously you want to play them all.
But if you're both playing as well as we were playing last year,
then it doesn't really matter who's in net just because we're both, you know,
feeling it.
So obviously you want to
play all of them going into the season, but
if you're both playing
well, then you
take the rest when you can get it.
Ben, the way the season ended last year was a tough one.
Game 7 lost to the eventual
champion. Were you guys afterwards like,
shit, man, that could have been us. We could have won all the way?
It's tough, yeah.
When you have to watch them keep winning and thinking, obviously, we could have won all the way? It's tough, yeah, when you have to watch them, you know,
keep winning and thinking, you know, obviously we're one goal away
and, you know, what could have been.
It's kind of frustrating watching the finals, everybody's coming up to you,
especially being from St. Louis.
Everybody's like, well, who do you want to win?
Who do you want to win?
You're like, nobody.
I don't want anybody to win until I win.
So it's definitely tough.
And obviously being that close because, you know,
it was a tough series against Nashville and then, you know,
a tough series against St. Louis.
And, you know, if we could have squeaked that one out in game seven,
you know, who knows.
You can't live that way.
Obviously you've got to, you know, put in the pass
and get ready for this year.
Bish, do the boys rib-sagging about being a stud
and all the girls wanting him all the time?
Is that something you guys rib him about in the locker room?
A little bit, yeah.
I mean, I've never seen so many signs for an opposing player.
Like when we go for warm-ups, it's just like, Jesus, move on, people.
There's some new younger guys or something.
There's always signs for Seggen, like nonstop.
He loves it too.
Oh, he's a rock star.
I love how he embraces it.
He winks.
Have you ever seen a player lift up his jersey so much
that it shows six times?
Oh, buddy, it's amazing.
We're trying to get more female fans, man.
You've got to let them do his thing.
Yeah, he's doing a good job.
Unbelievable.
And talk about a few of those other stars on that team.
Radulov, man, that guy's a farm animal.
He's a pit bull, man.
He's like one of those hunting dogs.
You throw the puck in the corner, and there's no way he's not coming out with it.
He's even that way in practice, so he's fun to practice with, too.
He's one of those guys where he scores, he gives it to you, too, in practice.
So we have some pretty good battles.
Yeah, he doesn't run out of energy. He's got something going on where the guy's just nonstop. People don't realize it's such a blessing to have a superstar on your
team with that type of energy because it makes it hard for the other guys to be lazy and not bring
that competitive spirit every day to practice. You need guys like that driving the way. And hey,
maybe even for the other stars on the team
who wouldn't be like that,
it makes them go a little harder as well.
Exactly.
When you have your top guys
that are giving that type of effort every day,
day in and day out,
it definitely pushes everybody.
And our practice has been really good since I got here.
I'm probably one of the better practice teams
I've ever been a part of. The guys are
flying. I remember my first year,
I was like, I've never seen a team hit each other so hard
in practice since I calmed down.
But boys, they work hard
and Rad's a big part of that just
because he's
like a trained dog, man, after that puck.
He's not going to let it go.
Even when somebody gets it, he's
back checking, trying to get it back.
Sometimes it's almost to a fault
because he'll take penalties, but it's like
he's trying too hard. It's like, Rad,
the guy got you beat. Just let him go.
Bennett,
your coach, Jim Montgomery, he's also a main
guy. Is that something the guys in the room have a bunch
of balls about? Because he's got the same
school. He's playing favorites. He was a legend
there, too. Yeah, he was. was yeah they had a sick team back there out of the woods best movie ever yeah
you gotta watch it's a pretty good documentary just the group they had they're they're good but
yeah i don't even know if half the guys know that where he went to school i didn't mean to
hold it no yeah yeah for people who don't, out of the woods just followed the 93 Maine Black Bears
where Paul Carrillo was a freshman,
had 25 and 75 for 100 points.
Thanks for coming.
Jim Montgomery was a senior captain,
and they followed him.
It was before.
It's time, too.
It was a college hockey team.
I think ESPN did it, and it was pretty cool.
So anyone can check that one out.
It's on YouTube.
Gary Thorne was the announcer for Maine.
Gary Thorne, yeah, because he went to Maine.
Yeah, that's where he started, like, calling the game.
So he does the documentary, which makes it even better.
That guy has to get back in hockey.
Great voice.
That guy needs to be in hockey.
Took the words right out of my mouth.
Bish, are the Cleveland Browns the most overrated team in the NFL?
Why do you love them?
Well, so I lost my Rams.
Rest in peace, St. Louis Rams.
Tough day for St. Louis.
So I was up for, you know, I was a free agent, you know, looking for teams.
And Tom Holey, our PR guy here, is a diehard Browns fan.
And every day he talked to me about the Browns and the Browns is the Browns.
And this is when they were like 1-16.
So I was like, you know what, if I'm going to pick a team,
you might as well start at the bottom.
Like these guys have to turn around.
I commend that.
So I was like, you know what, because, you know,
Cleveland's fairly close to St. Louis.
It was like the Chiefs,
but you can't really root for the Chiefs being from St.
Louis.
And then there's like the Colts, but you know,
they play in a dome and whatnot.
So I was like, all right, fine, I'll jump on the bandwagon with the Browns.
And sure enough, that summer we drafted Baker,
and we had a better year last year.
So I've been following the Browns a little bit more.
They're kind of my new team.
You know, I still like the Rams just because, you know, the players and whatnot,
but kind of jumped on, you know, with Tom Holey, our guy here.
So we're texting every game right now.
But I don't know.
Last game was a little frustrating.
I don't know what to play calling.
I like how you gave Tommy two shout-outs.
We were going to do so anyway.
Team PR guy for the Dallas Stars who lined this interview up,
and it's been fun, boys.
Yeah, this is a blast.
Fish, I can't wait to watch your club this year.
I think it's going to be an exciting year,
and really happy to see where your career has taken off
to top goalies in the league.
People talking about you as a possible Vezna guy.
So thanks for joining our little podcast here.
And we look forward to seeing you.
We'll be at the outdoor game this year, the Winter Classic.
So I think it's Nashville you guys get.
We'll see you down there.
Maybe we can film a little content.
I've got to bring you guys a few bottles of Pink Whitney too,
especially for ditching you guys yesterday for the interview.
Absolutely. We'll take a case. Okay. All right, especially for ditching you guys yesterday for the interview. Absolutely.
We'll take a case.
Okay.
All right.
Fair enough.
See you later.
All right.
Thanks for having me, boys.
Thank you.
Thanks for joining, Ben.
That interview was also brought to you by Raycon.
You've heard me talk about Raycon's wireless earbuds
and how much I love mine.
They're half the price of any other premium
wireless earbuds I've used,
and they sound just as amazing.
And if you haven't even bought a pair yet, today's your lucky day
because Raycon just released their best model yet, the E25s.
They have six hours of playtime, seamless Bluetooth pairing,
more bass, and a more compact design that gives you a nice noise-isolating fit.
Raycon's wireless earbuds are so comfortable,
perfect for on-the-go listening and for taking phone calls.
I've been using mine for a while now.
I love them for traveling.
They're the best part.
No wires getting dangled all up in you.
If you're out for a nice run, they're perfect for that too.
Not tripping over wires.
That's no fun when you're out for a run.
And unlike some of your other wireless options, Raycon earbuds are both stylish and discreet with no dangling wires or stems.
You've heard me talk about how the company was co-founded by Ray J and
celebrities like Snoop Dogg are obsessed with Raycons.
We'll pick up a pair and see what the hype is all about.
Now's the time to get the latest and greatest from Raycon.
Get 15 off your order at buyraycon.com slash chicklets.
That's buyraycon.com slash chicklets for 15 off Raycon wireless earbuds.
One more time, buyraycon.com slash chicklets.
And big thanks once again to Ben Bishop for joining us for the nice lengthy chat this week.
I always love talking to goalies and he was fun to talk to me.
He was a nice surprise. I enjoyed that.
Boys, back to the sheet of ice, man. Edmonton Oilers,
we mentioned them a little while ago, but they're
5-0 start, the best start in 33
years. But they're the first team to start
5-0 after trailing in each game.
That's never happened before in NHL history.
McDavid, four goals,
eight assists, 12 points already.
How about this? We talked about James
Neal last week. Again, he already has the same
amount of goals this season
as he did all of last year.
This is probably a big reason why.
Last year on a full season in Calgary,
he played 16 minutes and 15 seconds on the power play.
This year, he already has 12 minutes and 25 seconds
on the power play with the Oilers.
And I think the results speak for themselves, huh, Biz?
I mean, I kind of alluded to it when we had Leslie on.
And I think this looks  Peters looked bad. Because he  I feel like he kind of alluded to it when we had Leslie on, and I think this looks  Peters looked bad.
Because he  I feel like he kind of buried him too,
and he didn't like his game.
Whereas sometimes you go over to a new team,
and we mentioned the fact that he went to the Stanley Cup finals
back-to-back years.
Maybe he didn't have the best off-season training,
but he just  he buried him.
And now he's just fucking thriving under Dave Tippett and the new system.
And, I mean, being surrounded by dry side of McDavid ain't hurt in his case,
but couldn't be happier for the real deal, Neil.
There's like a theme song about him now going around.
I don't know if you guys have heard that.
But overall, Tippett and them have done an incredible job.
I'm happy for the fans of Edmonton.
What have you seen so far, Whit?
I've just seen a team that looks so different,
and I really think Tippett is part of it.
I think just the approach he's taken,
and I know this was just last episode,
but it makes sense for us to continue to sing his
and their team's praises with them having not lost yet.
So they just look like a different team.
And the thing about James Neal,
you think about what the Oilers have done in their past and their history.
I mean, he became  his seven goals through the team's first four games
was the most in Oilers' franchise, dude.
It was  Gretzky had six in 83-84, and so did Glenn Anderson in 87-88.
So, like, long lines of superstars and incredible record-breaking years.
And James Neal, like, you know, is just that on fire early.
That's changed everything.
Watching, I've watched one of their games completely.
The other ones I've watched, like the five-minute recap,
which for anyone who doesn't get a chance to watch a game,
those NHL.com five-minute game recaps are awesome
because you get the chance to see not just the goals,
but some really important plays that don't end up in goals, some big saves.
So I love catching up on those. And in those,
Dreitzheidel, he is so good
and he's never really going to... It's
similar in a way to Crosby and Malkin has never
gotten that credit in a sense.
Dreitzheidel will always be beneath
McDavid, but oh my God, is he awesome.
He is so much faster than people
think. The way he can handle the puck,
his vision, I just love watching that guy play.
So, Neal playing with both those guys in the power play
shows that that unit will be really dangerous all year.
But the team, like, R.A., you mentioned before,
the first team ever it was, I think, to be trailing in all five games.
Yes.
In their first five games they win.
Think about, like, the Oilers of the past and what they've done
and just being out of a game immediately.
You know, the Oilers go down 2-0.
You're not going to see him come back.
I don't have the numbers for sure on them not having the ability
to come back in games they were trailing,
but I'm assuming it wasn't anywhere near what they've started off with here.
And the game against Jersey last week or recently,
they were trailing three different times,
and they end up winning that game in a shootout.
So it's just a whole different mindset there.
I think, Biz, you explaining how tip it is
and then seeing how this has all gone down
makes total sense that he is a really good coach
that knows exactly what he's doing,
especially with teams who aren't expected to do a lot.
So I'm really happy for the Oilers fans.
I said this last week.
I'm kind of repeating myself,
but they haven't slowed down at all.
When you have McDavid,
you have the ability to maybe think
this isn't going to change.
I mean, he's that good.
He's the best player in the world, and you've got to look at it like, wow, we might be for
real this season. Yeah. Another acquisition that has kind of flown under the radar a little bit,
considering James Neal's popped off is Mike Smith. He's three and all right now with a 2.67 goals
against average, a 907 save percentage, which isn't like unreal and ridiculous, but you know,
just, just him,
him under tip.
It just gives them that extra little confidence.
And right now things are going very well for them.
And what do you guys think?
You're going to think they're going to be able to sustain this.
I know a lot of people are saying their defense is very undercover and have been playing extremely
well so far this season.
No, you can't sustain.
You can't keep coming back all the time.
Eventually it's going to catch up with you.
And I know some of the fancy stats have indicated as much, too,
that they're going to sort of regress to the mean.
Really? Okay.
Not that they're going to fall off the face of the earth.
Just that, you know, I mean, like I said, you can't always be behind.
Eventually, that's going to catch up with you.
That indicates that, you know, they're coming back, showing some heart,
and they're probably getting some timely saves.
And like Witt said, Tippett's been a huge addition.
But I think we've already seen the difference. This is a much different team than last year. Just put said Tippett's been a huge addition uh but I I think we've already seen
the difference this is a much different team than last year just put having Tippett there
they're the every all the players are talking about the structure he's brought the discipline
it's just a whole new vibe in the room and uh I think they'll you know they're definitely
going to remain competitive you know talking about the goalies uh the numbers they're not
fantastic so they'll have to improve as well because the offense isn't always going to be
able to build those guys out.
Alright, so I had them just
missing playoffs. I thought they were going to definitely have
a bounce back year.
Would you still stick with that? You don't think they're going to make
playoffs? I'd actually have
to go back and double check
I picked them not to so I can't go
against myself. I know Grinnell's ready to print
the t-shirts and the whole fan base is like
no! No!
If you said
at any point in time that the Edmonton
Oilers fan base would despise somebody
on this podcast more than me,
it could be Grinnell if he ended up releasing
Puck and Wagon t-shirts. That's the only chance
you can take over as
a disliked human in Edmonton.
If they keep this up until November,
I said, Grinnell, print the shirts.
Okay.
It sucks because if I pick a team.
I'll be number two on the most wanted list.
It sucks if I pick a team, I get told to fuck off.
And then if I pick against a team, I get told to fuck off.
Or if you're a lifelong Bruins fan that is then picking other teams,
you're always going to get the fuck off.
Well, it's a national podcast.
If someone says, hey, what do you think of the Oilers?
I got to answer.
International. What else we got to answer. International.
What else we got, R.A.?
On the flip side of that, the Minnesota
Wilds. Oh, boy.
Worst start in team history.
0-4-0, it's not
completely awful, but at least New Jersey's
gotten overtime twice to get even an
overtime point. Many hasn't even done that.
It's, like I said, the worst start in team
history. They were blown out in their opener,
which, interestingly, was their first ever regulation loss
on a home opener.
They had gone 14-0-4 in home openers before that.
That was the first one they lost in regulation.
And it doesn't get any easier for them.
I know people say maybe Ottawa, Toronto, Montreal,
but when you're struggling, you've got to go on the road.
And, you know, those teams aren't going to lay over for you.
Certainly Ottawa.
They beat Tampa Saturday.
So things have been tough for many, and they're only going to get tough
it's three or four more in a row or three out of four you know people are going to start looking
at the coach not that it's Boudreaux's fault with that roster but that's just the nature of the
business the problem right now is that while never really being able to score at a high rate they
were always looked upon as one of the top defensive teams in the league.
Like, you know, defensive zone coverage, backtracking, things like that.
Like the things they had to do to be able to stay competitive,
they were really good at.
And they never really had that game breaker to kind of score at will.
But now the defense is a nightmare.
I mean, you're talking about a team that Bruce Pedro said the other night,
we work on defensive zone coverage every day.
That's what I just finished saying in the coach's office.
I said, look, we've given up 21 goals in four games
for a team that takes a lot of pride since I've been here
on being one of the better defensive teams for the most part.
So goal scoring is not going to be their forte, right?
And the fact that they can't keep the puck out of the net
is like, what are they going to do?
They have 230 consecutive sellouts at that place.
Diehard hockey fans who, in the home opener, there was like no life.
I mean, granted, they went down quick.
Crosby put on an early little show.
But that team and that rank right now is just like, oh,
everyone's just like waiting for something to happen,
waiting for something to change.
And it looks like it could be a really long year because they have defensive issues that they've usually never battled with
along with the ability to not score.
So we've kind of shit on them where you almost feel bad in a sense,
but it's Bill Guerin sitting there right now thinking, oh, boy,
like I have a lot  I got a lot of work to do.
A lot of work.
And in ironic fashion, they get pumped in the home opener
against the team that, you know,
Billy Guerin was a part of for the last few years.
How about that fucking backhand by Crosby?
Oh, my God.
Hey, I don't  has he made a play on his forehand yet this year?
Is he just trying to make it fair for everybody out there or what?
And then he had that backhand against Boston where Gensel threw it over.
It was like a quick three on two.
I don't even know if he shoulder checked to see if the guy was on the right side.
I forget who threw the grenade saucer
pass back to him back door which he wasn't able to accept because he didn't have a lacrosse stick
on him but just his his vision is is out of this world he's actually he's actually done uh i had a
few of those passes this year already right cornell yeah i don't know sorry fuck i was
anyway where do you guys want to go well no, no, funny enough that I talked to a couple guys on the Penguins,
so they get right out of town after the game.
They get on the plane, have an unreal meal,
but it only could have been better if they went with the kettlebell kitchen.
And I don't know if you guys know about kettlebell kitchen,
but nutrition is always on everyone's mind.
And so for a guy like myself who was a slob and gross and bag of milk,
blah, blah, blah, well, it's getting better. It's getting better because of Kettlebell Kitchen.
And it's there's so many diets and meal plans out there. But for the most part, they don't take any
specific needs into account. Kettlebell Kitchen knows the meal planning isn't one size fits all.
It's different for everyone. How what your life, what you're doing in your life, how much time you
have. So they offer really personalized solutions.
Kettlebell Kitchen, it was founded by two Army veterans,
which means a lot to us, who are also brothers and a chef
with a mission to help people change their lives through food.
Their goal is to help you achieve yours with meal plans
that are tailored to your needs.
And their team of nutritionists will help you create a sustainable health plan
and honors your body's unique needs.
My body has many unique needs, boys.
You've seen that.
Listen, if you sign up for a plan or order a la carte, there's no long-term contracts required.
It's delivered to your door twice a week for optimal freshness. You just open your door,
you bring it into your kitchen, voila, it's right there, ready to go. Whether you're slimming down,
bulking up, or just looking to fuel your day, there's a plan for you. Vegetarian, keto,
Whole30, and paleo options are available for everyone.
So you've got to feed the champion in you with Kettlebell Kitchen.
Go to KettlebellKitchen.com and enter the code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
for 50 off your first two orders for new customers.
That's 50 off your first two orders at KettlebellKitchen.com, code CHICKLETS.
So take that into effect.
Put some good food into your body and then try to eat like the pros do.
And I don't know if necessarily the Pittsburgh Penguins are doing kettlebell kitchen, but they might win the cup if they do.
How's that for an ad read?
Good point.
Nice.
Put that in your pipe and schmuck it.
Thank you.
Boys, we've been getting a lot of text, emails, DMs, whatever,
about this kind of weird story out on Long Island.
And we didn't really want to run with it because it was basically a Facebook
post. And, you know, that's not enough to go on.
But actually, there were some
suspensions handed down this week by the New
York Amateur Hockey Association.
And so there was an incident. Now, no one is
going on the record. Actually, I should say one person
has gone on the record to say
allegedly what happened. And this is, again, I'm
referencing Tom Barbiere's
Facebook. I don't know if the post is still up, but the Long Island Gulls were the team,
both their coach, their coach and the coach of the other team was suspended as well as five of
the Gulls players. And per this Facebook, again, this is not what we're saying. This guy said the
Long Island Gulls had to forfeit the game today because 10 of their players were suspended for
the entire season for an incident last week where five players went in
shit and pissed in the opposing team's bag in their locker room it was determined that the
entire team would be suspended now that's not that's not how the suspensions played out but
that's the one source that has confirmed or said that that's what happened i guess there are a lot
of facebook comments i'm sorry comments on websites saying the same thing but they keep getting
deleted it's kind of weird that they're covering it up.
But needless to say, players were suspended by the youth,
what's they say, the New York Amateur Hockey Association.
Five players from the Gulls and each coach from each team
because they weren't there to supervise the players.
But, boys, I mean, you've seen a lot of weird shit in, you know,
20, 25 years of playing hockey.
Have you ever heard of shitting or pissing and other opposing
teams bags i mean no i i saw a bunch of people tweeted at me and i just i read it and i mean
kind of funny but it didn't happen to me and it's disrespectful but it's like it's just a
ridiculous fucking story the guy popping a squat in the bag is pretty... Yeah. What were you thinking? I need to see pictures.
I want to see some pictures of that shit.
Come on.
I mean, I still... We don't know if it's for sure a fact, right?
Are we keeping our, like...
Or is it now, like, official that that's what it was?
Nobody in an official capacity has confirmed it.
This is the one person who did write it was shit and piss related.
Someone else said it was only one player, but other players were there.
So those players got suspended as well.
But, I mean, no one's denied it, I guess.
That's the big thing.
No one has come out and denied that this has happened.
When I was playing in the NHL, I remember when they had the
was it the HBO 24-7?
Yeah.
Rolling around the Penguins, and Matt Cook ended up going
into the Coyotes locker room and putting gum,
those double bubble gums at the end of my fingers and my gloves so i couldn't get
it's hard to get them out once they're in there it's and then he also cut my laces
i was actually almost late from practice uh for uh pre-game skate because of it and uh
we've come a long way since uh just little pranks like that haven't we i know usually it used to be
maybe uh fill up the guy's stick with
water or just do something, but now you're
just shitting in somebody's bag.
That's a little aggressive. I think that does
probably earn you a suspension for the season.
But still,
that's Long Island for you guys.
Do you think that's a little aggressive
of a suspension? Should it not be,
hey, you got to replace whatever
has been damaged and And then maybe,
you know,
a five or 10 gamer learn from it.
Or do you think,
do you think shitting in someone's hockey bag deferred deserves a full
season?
I don't know.
Taking a smash in somebody's bag is like,
that's just so ridiculous.
Yeah.
What if somebody shit in your golf bag?
What?
I'd lose my mind.
Speaking of that though.
So I was dancing,
dude,
I was,
I am the worst dancer on the world.
I'm Elaine Bennis.
If anyone knows Elaine from Seinfeld dancing, I was dancing at the wedding.
Big old circle of people.
I'm dancing.
So I had to fart so bad.
I was like, oh, my God, I'm not doing a dance where I'll stink up the whole dance floor.
So I went in the bathroom.
You know, you just drop a bomb.
And some guys are just like, oh, my God, that wasn't real.
That wasn't real.
That had to be fake.
I was like, I was holding it for 25 minutes dancing.
But by the way, dancing outside near the bar, I was like doing this ridiculous, like high step walk dance.
And I turn around and the lady, there was like an ice cream like set up.
And the lady was videoing me.
I don't know if she was a chicklets fan or just videoing this tall moron
looking guy doing high steps throughout the hallway.
But I was like,
Oh man,
that's embarrassing.
If she actually like somehow knows who I am,
this could end up somewhere.
I don't want to see it,
but still it was a,
that,
that was my somewhat shit story involving a fart at the wedding.
Scotty Hartnell style.
I just the whole dance floor.
Another note to do as far as the other players
they can still play the rest of the team can play but they're not eligible for the postseason and
yeah the coaches were it was quote lack of supervision in either locker room that's why
the coach whose player had his bag shit and uh was suspended because he wasn't there i guess i
guess there's supposed to be someone there watch keeping an eye on him but boys we had a couple
of interesting sellies and what caught my eye was one and We always talk about all these young guys kind of changing the game
and, you know, showing some individual flair.
But how about Johnny Boychuk?
Scores on an absolute Johnny rocker the other night,
and he gives a little shoot to McGavin, like pew, pew, pew.
Like, I was kind of surprised.
Johnny's a great guy, a great character.
But I just  seeing a veteran who's been around for a long time,
I guess that caught me off guard.
What about you, Biz?
Yeah, and they haven't had the best start to the season either.
I think they ended up going on to lose that game, didn't they?
I believe they did, yeah.
Yeah, so, hey, but I like it.
New NHL, anything for the visual content.
So who was another guy who had a crazy celebration recently?
That was Phillip Pawsberg.
He scored, and I don't know how the Whitdog felt about it,
but he kind of did a fadeaway jumper like he was shooting a basketball swish.
So I was wondering if the NHL is now a sick league too as well, Whit.
I started twitching when I saw that.
Boy Chuck's got a rocket, right?
Cannon.
Oh, absolutely.
Johnny Rocket, that was his nickname when he played here in Boston.
Cannon.
He will shoot it from anywhere.
He'll shoot it from anywhere.
He'll shoot it as high and hard as he wants to.
It's a rocket.
What was I just going to say about celebration?
Have you ever celebrated a goal hard where you were like,
ah, fuck, I shouldn't have done that?
No, I didn't score enough to celebrate.
I never had one that was like, oh, my God, that was a little aggressive.
One time in Edmonton, I think we were down 8-2 and I hadn't scored in forever and might have
done a pump like, oh shit, we're still
down 8-3. That was really embarrassing.
I pulled the monkey off my back once
because I don't think I'd scored in like 75 games
making like 6 million for the Oilers, so that
deserved that. Other than that,
the funniest thing ever
is when what's his name?
Anisimov shot the gun.
Remember when he shot it?
I think that was on 24-7 too. What's his name? Anisimov shot the gun. Remember when he shot? He's like, you fucking remember?
I think that was on 24-7 too.
And Tortorella was like, what the fuck?
So I don't know.
Some celebrations I love.
Boychuk's was interesting.
The basketball one, we can do without that.
Come on, guys.
Let's not bring that league any more attention.
Yeah, Boychuk, 35.
He'll be 36 in January.
So I'm not used to seeing that from an older fellow.
And speaking of vet moves, I thought this was a pretty nice move on Philly.
Justin Braun after Cotahot.
I think I have to say that name every episode now.
Cotahot got his first NHL shutout, and Justin Braun went over to make it.
You love saying it, though.
Like, you love saying it.
I mean, I don't know.
He asked me to make a Cotahot T-shirt.
Oh, that gets  well, you're selling a Boston accent Cotta Hot t-shirt. Oh, that could sell.
Well, you're selling a Boston accent t-shirt in Philly.
Who knows?
But maybe.
I believe the people asked for it, Michael, and I reiterated their wishes to you.
But either way, Bronwyn over, he tracked down the puck.
He brought it over to Hot after, which I thought was a nice move.
Just one of those things in the game, like, you know,
if the camera doesn't catch you, you might not hear about.
But I thought it was a pretty cool gesture for a veteran to do for the young guy.
And another young guy, Sam Lafferty, his third NHL game with the Penguins
the other night.
He came within three minutes of a Gordie Howe hat trick.
He had a goal, two assists, and his goal was a 175-foot empty netter
for his first NHL tackle.
He got a matching roughing mine with Ryan Hartman.
So if they gave him a scrap, he would have got a goodie howl hat trick.
I thought it was a pretty nice, not debut,
but for his third game, a way to make some headlines.
How about that crazy game they had
in L.A. when they
were up 4-1. They gave up a three-goal
lead.
They ended up scoring
in the last minute to make it 5-4
and I turned it off
and I checked the score sheet.
It was 7-4, the game finished.
They scored three goals in 30 seconds to finish the game.
Yeah, there have been some wild, wild finishes, like, you know,
11, 12-goal games.
That's why I said I bet that came the other night to go over 9.5 goals.
How about that puck line cover?
That would be crazy.
Imagine, tie game in the last minute, and all of a sudden,
you pull a win out of your ass.
I did fucking nine of them yesterday.
My brother texted me.
He's like, please tell me you were able to put two of those together today.
I was like, no.
I was like, I can't.
Well, the thing is, I don't bet like Toronto and Boston,
they were both minus one and a half.
You're only getting back like actually minus 110 even money. It's just not worth it to me to bet it for that short of money.
I read an article, Mike DeFabo in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
about Lafferty.
He's from Pittsburgh area.
He's from Altoona, which is like two hours.
So pretty incredible to see.
He gets drafted by the Penguins fourth or fifth round.
I don't know.
But you don't know.
It's an honor to get drafted by your hometown team,
but will he ever play in the NHL?
The kid played at Brown.
And then the fact that he made it and had that game the other night,
it's pretty cool.
In the article, it brings up that he started playing hockey.
His mom brought him and his brother, I think, to the rink,
and she had no clue you, like, had to sharpen your skates.
She just bought skates and threw them out there.
The guy's like, yeah, you have to, like, radius and sharpen these things.
So, like, the next year he came back.
But he's, like, everyone says great kid who's worked his ass off
to get where he is.
I guess he's got a crazy work ethic, like a golf guy too, I'm reading here.
So pretty cool to see a somewhat local Pittsburgh kid play for the Penguins.
He said he fell in love with the team in 2000 when I think they went
to the conference finals, and then Crosby was his favorite player.
So you can imagine how sick that is.
And the start he's had to Osmo, his first goal was an empty mineta
the other night in mini, but he played well already.
You mentioned the stat line was pretty impressive for that game.
Yeah, I was most impressed by the empty netta, too.
Pittsburgh was already covering by them, but, you know, he just turned,
calmly shot it from the top of the faceoff circle, dead on, too.
He had some air underneath it, too.
It was a pretty impressive empty netta.
You know, boys, I've been sweating out a lot of games lately,
and while I haven't been doing so good, thank God I have my dude wipes
because I am sweating like Niagara Falls, losing all my money.
As dudes, especially us hockey dudes, let's face it,
we are stanky, disgusting humans.
So check out the Dude brand for all your hygiene needs on and off the ice.
Dude, as seen on shock tank are the
creators of the infamous dude wipes the first flushable wipes for guys for at home or on the go
shit situations they also offer a full range of products to help keep you fresh from head to toe
dude ball powder dude shower body wipes dude deodorant spray for your body a nasty hockey bag
especially someone dropped the deuce in it, and Dude face wipes.
Whether you're playing professionally in a men's league
or you hung the skates up ages ago,
Dudes has something to offer all dudes for their daily hygiene routine.
You can find Dude in all major U.S. retailers nationwide,
such as Walmart, Target, Kroger, and or Amazon.com.
For our Canadian friends, Dude is on Amazon.ca and in sports check stores.
Or everyone can head to DudeProducts.com for a special chiclets offer
and use the promo code Hockey20 for 25  I'm sorry, 20 off your order.
Again, that's Hockey20 for 20 off your entire order when you go to Dude Vibes.
Check that out.
Support our sponsor, please.
Give yourself a nice wipe down.
Boys, I'm not sure if you caught it.
The Breaking Bad movie dropped Friday, El Camino.
It's kind of a little addition to the series I know we all talked about.
Did you get a chance to catch it, Whit?
I haven't seen it yet.
I want to check that out.
Have you?
I did catch it out.
Grinnell, you saw it, right?
Yeah, I saw it, and I'll be honest, guys.
I wasn't a huge fan of it. Really? Yeah did catch it off. Grinnell, you saw it. Yeah, I saw it and I'll be honest, guys. I wasn't a huge
fan of it. Really? Yeah, I
wasn't. I just, R.A. was
saying it before and I know he'll get to it, but like
I just didn't really see the point of it. I didn't
like how it ended. It just, it didn't really make much
sense to me. Does it pick up
right as the show ended?
So it's like that. I thought it was a prequel,
wasn't it? No, no, it's
it does. It picks up right after where, you know, when Jesse pulls up, thought it was a prequel wasn't it no no it's it's it does it picks up
right after where you know when jesse pulls up but it has a shitload of flashbacks in it too
to kind of build parts of the story i thought i guess the word that came to mind with for me it
was just like i guess unnecessary because you know breaking bad is this legendary show you know
we all know how it ends jesse crashes through the fence and off he goes. And I guess what happened was the director, the creator, Vince Gilligan,
I guess he never, he didn't feel that Jesse got a proper ending because,
you know, Walt, it was like the Walt story,
even though the whole show was really about Walt.
So I guess they were going to do like a 10-minute movie to like release
on the internet or share with the crew or something,
just like what happened in Jesse.
And somehow or other it morphed into this movie. Well, I'm guessing fucking netflix show outwind of it and probably waved fucking
50 million at them and they're like all right yeah we'll do a movie now but uh it just was like
all right well the story already ended but i guess they felt that jesse didn't get a proper
and then so it's just like an addendum to breaking bad and i mean it started off really good and then
it was just like all right now it's just like it feels like they were crying trying to cram a
breaking bad episode so it should have been
10 minutes is what you're saying.
Well, I just think it shouldn't even have been made.
I just think, it wasn't bad.
Is Cranston in the flashbacks?
I wasn't going to spoil it for people who haven't seen it, but
it doesn't spoil anything. That isn't spoiling anything.
No, it's not. I'm just very fucking
careful with that shit. But either way,
I would say watch it. Definitely worth the watch.
People can make up their own mind. I was just like... let me let me throw this one at you was it worse than
dumb and dumberer no not much is worse than that that's just i never saw a dumb and dumber i mean
neither have i i just figured i'd throw it out there i wouldn't even give that one a chance
yeah there aren't many sequels that are very good like for the most part well i would say sequels stink. I mean, let's open up the topic now.
What's the best sequel where you didn't have expectations,
where you're like, damn, that was actually pretty good?
Oh.
That's a tough one.
That's putting you on the spot.
Well, like, Godfather 2 is, like, the best movie ever, I think.
I loved Godfather 2.
Yeah, that's one of the major exceptions to there's no good sequel.
Yeah, yeah, big time. Slapshot 2 was horrendous. There was another Slapshot, right? I'd love Godfather 2. That's one of the major exceptions to there's no good sequel.
Yeah, big time.
Slapshot 2 was horrendous.
There was another Slapshot, right?
I should make that up.
Yeah.
Oh, dude, that reminds me.
I was talking when I met the Hanson brothers a couple years ago at the Goon premiere.
It's the picture on my Twitter page.
And I was talking about Slapshot.
And then I was like, hey, it goes on.
They made that other one after.
I was like, oh, and I forgot they were in it.
I fucking wanted to like dive underneath this oh he just strings you out and hits you with a
left i weighed into something real quick i was like uh but i kind of they kind of look one of
them look kind of like yeah i know i know you're talking about i totally forgot they were in it but
yeah most sequels do suck as far as expectations biz i i can't think of like one recently off the
top of my head but like yeah would you consider
two is better uh would you consider that uh the born born uh trilogy would you consider those
yeah yeah those are sequels yeah yeah i know not your typical like one two three four number
things but yeah they're definitely sequels and mission impossible i guess they've had a couple
good sequels but all right all right maybe we can get our fans tweeting us some of the best ever sequels,
unexpected sequels.
What else do we got?
We got any more chatter for hockey?
I was going to ask you guys if you had any more other notes you wanted to add
or any other stuff.
I mean, I know what.
I'll say this.
For Rangers fans and Devils fans, a little bit of slow starts
for your prize prospects,
Jack Hughes and Kapo Kako.
Kako scored his first goal the other day.
Or was that against Edmonton?
He scored against Edmonton.
Yeah, sorry.
First goal of the game.
So nice goal there, you see.
And Hughes, listen, I don't think it's a long year.
I don't think either one of these guys are going to come in
and make impacts that some of these first and second overall picks have,
especially Hughes being pretty undersized.
But I've seen him look really good at times.
And John Hines, the head coach, has mentioned a couple things he can do better,
what they're going to do with his playing time and things like that.
But no reason to panic whatsoever.
I mean, these guys, you could see the skill level.
You could see the vision, the creativity.
It's just early in their careers.
And nowadays, unfortunately, you get screwed into
getting pigeonholed. If you're a number one pick, you don't come out of the gates,
just lighten the world on fire. It's not that easy. But still, I've seen a lot of great things
from both of them. And I think as the year goes on, they'll only get better and better. But
right off the hop, you know, expectations for people who maybe don't know a ton about hockey
and are just fans of the Devils and Rangers are like, what the fuck? Come on. Don't worry. Don't
worry at all. These guys will be legit players for sure. How about fans of the Devils and Rangers are like, what the fuck? Come on. Don't worry. Don't worry at all.
These guys will be legit players for sure.
How about the New Jersey Devils start though?
Oh my God.
They're just all out of whack.
Yeah.
They're just,
I don't know.
They haven't won a game yet.
Yeah.
It's a weird,
it's a,
the thing is like they made all these changes in the summer and things just
haven't come,
come,
come together yet.
I mean,
and you talk about first overall picks,
they need a little bit more from he's here we've talked about him
hall's coming back from this missing a lot of last year with injuries so just so many changes there
but they got to get it figured out quick because it hasn't been pretty yeah i mean when you blow
leads like they blow you know talking the edmonton game you're winning you're up three different
times you got to finish those games off and how about that one against the jets they're up four
nothing yeah that was the first game of the year, too.
Fuck, all of a sudden you lose
all your confidence, got no mojo.
Yeah, that D, I mean,
after PK, that D is pretty
thin there, and the forward core, there's
a lot of guys who, I don't know if they're
NHL caliber right now, it's
going to be a rough year for them. And Corey Schneider, ironically,
he actually played very well in Boston
Saturday night. It certainly wasn't his fault they lost the game. He gave Snyder, ironically, he actually played very well in Boston Saturday night.
You know, it certainly wasn't his fault.
They lost the game.
He gave up three goals, but he wasn't the issue.
But, yeah, it looks like it might be a rough year.
And, yeah, like you said, with eight combined games between Kako and Hughes,
there's one goal between the two of them.
But, you know, I think that does get a lot of pressure does get put on these young kids. And, you know, people maybe do expect a little too much.
And our boy Chief, Chicago Barstool writer, Chief Big Hawks fan,
he was ripping on us.
He went after us.
I don't know if you guys saw that after the Central preview,
saying we don't know shit, we're doubting his team.
Well, your team looks horrible.
Your team doesn't look very good, Chief.
I love Chief, but he's a homer.
So the Blackhawks, I mean, you're wondering what's going on.
Have they won?
I don't think they've won.
Yeah.
0-2-1, I think they are.
I thought they won.
Did they win?
Maybe they did win a game.
I apologize if that's the case.
But they don't look that good.
And you've got to wonder, I mean, right now,
Jonathan Taves, who Hall of Famer,
we're talking about Hall of Famers earlier,
he doesn't have a point yet.
So a little bit of slow starts for them.
And their PK was a huge issue last year.
I think they've already given up four power play goals on like eight or nine
opportunities this season. So that's going to have to change, but you gotta,
you gotta wonder what,
what type of season it's going to be in Chicago because things are changing
rapidly there. And Alex Nylander was already scratched once. We thought,
you know,
you'd see a big year out of him after the trade and figuring out he'd get a
chance to kind of do what Strom did. And we haven't seen much there,
or at least the coaching staff hasn't to sit him out.
So we'll see what happens in,
in,
in a,
you were right with,
they haven't won a game yet.
They've only played three,
but they have one point.
They,
they,
they got to overtime one.
So anything else you guys want to talk to do?
Yeah,
I know it's your Thanksgiving bears.
We'll let you,
let you run turkey boys.
Actually boys.
I really,
I know.
I don't blame you for trying to get past
it either. I really don't want to do it, but
we do get a gambling corner.
Alright, no, I'm alright. I gotta do
and I'm looking ahead. Again, I gotta pick some
of these games without the benefit of the line.
I don't think it really matters. I'm looking at Tuesday
right now. Tampa Bay lost
in Ottawa the other day, 4-2.
You gotta expect they're gonna bounce back
in Montreal Tuesday night.
They're on the road, so you should get a pretty decent price on them.
I can't imagine.
I mean, they're 2-2-1.
The Canadians are 2-1-2.
Tampa Bay shouldn't be more than like a 1.60 favorite here.
I'd be surprised if they're much higher than that.
I bet you they're 1.40 that game.
Yeah, so even better.
So then that, which means you'll get them at a real nice puck line price.
So the one pick for the gambling corner,
this episode is the Tampa Bay lightning on Tuesday.
I'm going to give the money line pick is the main play.
And I'm going to follow that with half of the money line play on a,
on a puck line play as well.
So Tampa Bay Tuesday,
again,
I'm terrible lately.
If you fade me,
I don't take it personal,
but it's going to change fucking soon.
Well,
that's a great episode.
All you Canadians.
We love you guys. Pink Whitney, hopefully very soon. Well, that's a great episode. All you Canadians, we love you guys.
Pink Whitney, hopefully very soon.
I know you're getting frustrated,
but happy Thanksgiving to all you guys.
And Americans, happy Columbus Day.
I guess that's who it's for.
Christopher Columbus already told me.
Ever heard of him?
A lot of action on Monday, too.
We got a couple of matinees.
So we'll check those out.
A lot of action tomorrow.
So everybody enjoy your week,
and now we'll check in on your Thursday.
And please, everyone,
go check out the Pink Whitney Pink Merchandise
for the Fuck Cancer Foundation.
100 of the net proceeds are going to fight cancer.
It's an amazing cause, so we really appreciate your help.
We know everyone here is so generous, so giving,
and so no better cause than to go help out breast cancer
and the Fuck Cancer Foundation.
So please check that out.
Thanks again for listening, as always.
We want to send a big thank you out once again to our sponsors
and our great listeners.
We hope you are supporting our sponsors.
And if you want to this week, you want to go to dudeproducts.com.
The promo code there is Hockey20.
If you want to check out GOAT, go to GOAT.com slash chicklets.
If you want to check out Kettlebell, go to KettlebellKitchen.com.
The promo code there is chicklets. If you want to check out Kettlebell, go to kettlebellkitchen.com. The promo code there is chicklets as well. And if you want to go to Raycon, go to buyraycon.com
slash chicklets. Thanks once again to our supporters and to our advertisers. gonna grab some afternoon delight my motto's always been when it's right it's right why wait
until the middle of a cold dark night when everything's a little clearer in the light of day
and we know the night is always gonna be here anyway Thinking of you's working up my appetite
Looking forward to your little afternoon delight
Rubbing sticks and stones together makes the sparks ignite
And the thought of loving you is getting so exciting
Sky rockets in flight
Afternoon delight
Afternoon Delight Afternoon Delight
Afternoon Delight
