Hey, Spit and Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Stylish products that are guaranteed to retail for over 100, but your cost? Just 25.
A fantastic savings.
They typically include products such as ties, wallets, sunglasses, watches, and more.
Everything is yours to keep, plus shipping is free, and you get a personal stylist.
If you're ready to jump on a great deal, go to SprezaBox.com.
That's S-P-R-E-Z-Z-A Box.com,
and get 20 off your first month's box with a discount code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Again, that's SprezaBox.com, and for 20 off your first month's box, use the code chicklets hello everybody welcome to episode 21 of spitting chitlets brought to you by bar still sports say
hello gentlemen what's up what's up i love how you've like you now have this like separate voice
for the intro.
It's like a... My hosted voice?
It's funny.
I was listening to a...
I randomly stumbled onto one of our early pre-Bostelwebs.
I think I've gotten a little more polished now that you mentioned it.
Fuck yeah.
Brunelli's here.
Absolutely.
Witz is here.
We got our former NHL, current NHL Network analyst,
and 2003 cup-clinching goal scorer, Mike Rupp.
NHL Network analyst and 2003 Cup clinching goal scorer Mike Rupp.
We are now pleasantly welcomed by my buddy Mike Rupp,
NHL analyst and former NHL player, winner of the 2003 Stanley Cup.
The first thing I have to ask you, I think you probably knew this was coming, but to score a goal and two assists in a 3-0 win in Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals,
what is that honestly like?
That's everyone's dream.
That's Joe Carter in baseball.
Forever you have that legend.
It's so sick.
Yeah, you know, I think it was something that you don't really embrace
or even look at until you're done playing a little bit
and i think sometimes i'm like holy crap like i mean i had one other game i believe in my career
i had three points and it for it being one of them being that that my first one being in game
seven it's uh it's incredible but that you know what that was you know how it is like
where they're like some nights where you just,
you always hear about, like, the zone in basketball.
Like, you have guys that are in it.
It was just weird.
Our whole line in that game, it was just, like, I mean,
we literally could have had probably two or three more goals in that game.
It was just, everything worked perfect.
Every bounce went our way.
It wasn't like, you know, it wasn't like, you know,
I was dancing everyone on the ice and scoring goals and getting assists.
Like, we were just playing simple hockey,
and Jamie Langenbrenner and Jeff Friesen were my line mates,
and I was fortunate enough to play with those guys.
They were, like, probably top five in playoff scoring,
and Joe Neuendijk had to come out of the lineup for injury.
And, man, I got thrown into a pretty darn
good situation and uh it worked out yeah it's it's thinking back to that team like i just
thought you know that's at that point i was 20 so you're basically you're not in the nhl you're
close to making it you're as big as a fan as you can ever be and i remember that team was so good
but naturally like you had spent some of that year in the AHL and so like I I had heard
of you but I didn't know and then to just do that forever like you're just you're just thought of as
as a legend and winning a Stanley Cup game it's it's so cool to me and and that line was dominant
but um the thing with like you getting there I've always been confused and I'd like to actually hear
your story is you're a first rounder in 98 so you don't sign but how do you end up like
what was that whole scenario like did you have a contract offer did you not want to go to the
islanders and then thank god i mean it worked out the devils take you and then look what happened
but like how did it end up getting there yeah you know it would end up being uh so yeah i was i was
all i was drafted on projection i mean if you if you looked at the guys around me that were drafted,
I mean, they're playing junior hockey and they're getting like 120 points,
you know, 95 points.
I had 27 points in the OHL.
And I actually, you know, at that point, like coming up through, you know,
I was from born and raised in Cleveland and playing American hockey.
I was born and raised in Cleveland and playing American hockey.
Dave Leguan and I were kind of like the one, two American-born 1980 birthdates.
And I was always a point-getter.
I was going to go to college hockey.
I go to the OHL.
And although I loved the OHL and it worked out fine,
I go to the OHL, you get a you get a six five kid that's seven you know 16 years old and uh they just try to turn you into a meat stick and it's like i didn't develop i didn't
develop for like my first two years in the ohl just like hey kid you gotta learn the nhl game
you gotta fight you gotta hit we're gonna play you in the fourth line you gotta be an agitator
like fight i've never fought anything in my life like i just i was just
a bully on the ice because i was so big and i would get points and uh you know it it was kind
of tough for me kind of finding what i was going to be as a player but i got drafted on that
projection that i was going to be you know this kind of uh todd bertuzzi type player and um you
know it ended up well todd Bertuzzi minus the sucker
punches in the back of heads, but they, uh, anyways, they, you know, I got drafted on that.
And, you know, when it came around to signing, um, you know, my agent at the time was telling
me like, you're going to be, uh, you have the two years to sign. He's like, you're going to
probably be, you know, signed in the 11th hour so just be prepared for that so it came down to that and mike milbury was the gm at the time and uh milbury
they made me an offer and i remember my agent came back to me and he's like
you know for me i just wanted to get going just want to start playing yeah you're like hey i
thought this was just i thought this was like foregone conclusion like when are we going here
you don't know when you're that age yeah and, and I remember he came back to me and he's like,
listen, they made you an offer here.
At the time, it was like, you remember how the contracts were back then?
A lot of it was on bonuses.
You weren't going to make necessarily on your entry level deal.
You weren't going to make a bunch and your salary is going to be in your bonuses so i remember um they came back
and i guess the islanders offered like and the only reason why i'm saying this is to give you
a context of what shrapnel accepted from the devils later on uh they they offered like 450
grand signing bonus i was like wow yeah that's incredible but but all the other guys that got
drafted around me because I was ninth overall,
they all were getting a million-dollar bonus.
But I wasn't looking at it that way.
I was like, man, that's almost half a million dollars right there.
That's incredible.
And Majin's like, yeah, they offered you this,
but I'm just letting you know that that would be the smallest bonus
paid to a top-ten pick ever. And I'm like and like i'm like what we gotta put it that way
so he says that and he's like you know what i'm gonna go back to milbury and tell him
uh actually no he didn't tell me that that's what the problem that's why i end up switching agents
and he goes uh he's like you know i'm like all right well let me talk you know let me think
about it whatever and he goes to he well, I already told Milbury.
I said, if that's all you're willing to offer Mike,
just be prepared to let him go back in the draft.
And I'm like, what?
You're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on, huh?
Do I have to do the combine again?
I'm an 18-year-old kid, so my dad's involved.
And my dad's like, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You're telling us you said that?
You didn't even check with us.
And I'm not
saying i would have you know accepted that right away or whatever but i would like to have been
informed about it and uh so they go back so we're like hey you know it's literally like a couple
hours away from when i'm going to have to be declared to go back in the draft and uh we're
like call milberry tell him we'll take it and they call mike milberry back and he wouldn't accept our phone calls he was he was pissed and uh like we're we're watching the last hour just
just tick down and so i ended up getting drafted third round and when i went back in the draft by
the devils and i have signed him for 150 like two weeks later like wow sweet transaction right there just lost 300 because
so needless to say i switched agents but hey you know what we had a good uh it ended up working
out i went to an organization that takes their time with their players i needed to uh to be
you need to learn your game you need to get some skill back in your game after being such a meat
in the oh and that as much as i'd want to get thrown into the mix,
the Islanders probably would have rushed me along,
and I would have never have developed and had to learn the things I needed to learn
to play in the league for a long time, and I got to learn that in New Jersey.
Well, Milbury would have traded you to, like,
to win out of the team for, like, 17 All-Stars and 15 number one overall draft picks
and gave them all Alexei Yashin deals, too.
That would have been incredible though too, right?
Like everybody he trades away turns into a stud.
So I could have, that could have been me.
Absolutely.
You would have gone to Detroit and played with everyone who won four cups.
You know, going back to piggybacking on the Stanley Cup, you know,
the cup clinching goal back in 03, that was no fucking slouch either.
John Sebastian Jagir, who if I'm not mistaken,
won the car and smite that year as a losing team correct right yeah yeah and i mean he was i mean he was
lights out that that series and you know i actually could bet bet the shit out of uh anaheim the whole
time so when you guys got went head to head i mean everyone complains about no scoring but that series
you know i know because new jersey and anaheim you know the people complained all this you know they're not old teams or popular teams but that was one of the truly
great series that just shows you know you don't need five four and eight seven games you could
have outstanding goaltender and still make for an absolutely tremendous series yeah you know and
that was it was always those things that you heard when you're playing in that devil's organization
because even in the minors you're learning to play i mean it was boring i mean it was boring to play like i
know how about a sunday three and three at the end of the day you you won and i remember when i got
called up one of the things they had team bonuses which they're not allowed you know to have now but
um lose lou lamorello is a genius like he would set in these bonuses and i'd get i'd get up
to the so i got i got called up uh my first game was on my birthday january 13th in uh 2003 and i
uh you know we went on like something silly like uh i don't know like close to a 10 game win streak
or something like that right when i got called so I just got called up right in the right time to succeed.
And, you know, if it's a losing streak, I get sent back down probably.
And who knows where my career goes.
So it's all about timing.
Right.
So I, I'm playing there.
And next thing you know, I'm getting these random checks in between paydays for like
what check will be for 2,500 bucks, another check for like 3,200 bucks.
And I remember walking up to one of the guys.
I'm like, Hey, what are you? I up to one of the guys i'm like hey what
i don't want to like complain but like what are these checks for and uh they're like oh those are
our team bonuses i'm like what are they for they're like well anything after two wins in a row
you get three wins and i'm probably getting this wrong but it was like you'd get a bonus like say
it was 500 bucks and then if every win consecutively after that,
it would double.
So if you won four in a row,
it would be up to 1,000.
Yeah, and then for every shutout,
each player got like 500.
We had fucking Marty Berdour.
Shutouts were like a piece of cake.
Like one every 10 games, right?
And so we're sitting there,
and I remember though,
and this is genius because we
were we'd be playing in a game and it would be up you know four to two the other team would pull the
goalie there's a minute left in the game and uh you know i actually scratched that it would happen
i remember it would blow my mind because we'd be up big we'd be up like five one no pull goalie at
the end of the game.
Or maybe there's games where it was 3-0, 4-0, and we're protecting a shutout.
And guys are on the bench with like the last minute standing up.
They know the payday's coming.
And they're like, block the shot.
Get down.
Guys blocking it with their teeth.
Like they're just putting their face in front of it because it's like,
that's 500 bucks, man.
Those guys really love that goalie.
They want him to get that shutout, right?
And that nickel.
It's unbelievable because we literally would be winning in a game 5-0,
and you got guys desperately blocking shots the last minute
because they don't want to give up that cash.
I remember.
It was awesome, man.
I remember being on Pittsburgh, no joke, and losing you guys 5-1,
and you guys are going bananas, screaming a block shot.
We need a power play with 30 seconds.
I'm like, these fucking guys are animals.
I mean, it's genius.
You just dangle the old carrot of cash in front of the boys and they'll do whatever it takes.
I'll get anyone going, especially the Russians.
Lim Morello.
He is.
I mean, sometimes I don't know that he gets the credit he deserves, but he's definitely one of the, if not the most, one of the most brilliant, you know,
front office guys that this country's ever produced, for sure.
Now, I know, Mike, you said you were born and raised in Cleveland.
Are there any, I mean, maybe in the past, present, not a ton of hockey players come from Cleveland.
Are you one of the only NHLs to actually be born and raised in Cleveland?
There was a few born and raised.
Cleveland sports teams are good.
Yeah.
We would go Brian Holsinger.
I don't remember his name.
Oh, yeah, Bowling Green.
Yeah, Brian Holsinger and Dan Fritchie was another one.
They played for Columbus.
He was a high pick, right?
Yeah, he was first or second round pick, yeah.
And he, you know, I'd say us three are probably the ones who,
born and raised, I mean, there's some that passed through there that,
I don't know, I always see Ian Moran was one that was from Ohio.
I don't know if he, like, was born and raised there or if he was just born there.
We adopted him.
He's a masked guy.
Yeah, he came here.
Actually, Cleveland produced one of the all-time greats, not necessarily in hockey, but Danny Green.
How's that name?
Does that name ring a bell for you?
Danny Green, yeah.
The Irishman?
Yeah.
Fighter?
No, Irish gangster.
Oh, okay.
No, it's actually a movie and a documentary about Danny Green.
Yeah, he was an Irish gangster in Cleveland.
He just was a maniac, but he's kind of well-renowned in Cleveland, obviously.
I guess if Ruppa heard of him, he's probably well-known.
That's great.
Go ahead.
So before we get into a couple current NHL questions, what's going on in the league,
I have to ask you, I think I know the answer to this too,
so I'm going to tell it to Rear Admiral if I get it right,
but I'm going to ask you,
who is the greatest player that you ever played with?
Greatest player I ever played with.
I know it's putting you on the spot,
but you played with some great players.
Was he from one of those seven games
rubberhead phoenix and and i'm i'm you know what you know what actually i i'm kind of being unfair
because i'm not thinking of your pittsburgh days at the end but i'm gonna go with on jersey
on the devil's jersey yeah when you won the cup the years after that who's the best player you
played with on jersey the best player in jersey i mean you can easily say Marty Berdour.
I think he'd be there. But, like, Scotty Stevens would have to be.
I picked Scotty Niedermeyer.
He struck the fear in his teammates in practice.
Like, he was just.
Oh, yeah.
He was savage.
When you watched, you, like, just crazy stuff.
He was savage.
Scotty has this. i don't notice it now
from when i worked with him in the nhl network um last year but scotty had like this little twitch
you know almost like a nervous like uh like he he you know you get those like some people that
kind of give like that extra blink like once in a while and it's kind of like whoa what's up what's
up with that guy and uh he would scotty would sit there and I remember one of the trainers pointed out to me and they said, when the playoffs
roll around, when the big stage is set, Scotty starts getting like really twitchy, like his eyes
and his kind of almost, he almost has that little like head bob to the side, like, like, like
something's not lying, like the wires are crossing. And if you look back at back when he played in the playoffs
and they show some of those close-ups of him, he gets that going.
And it's like, holy shit, what's going down right now?
And we all know about his hits and how he's, oh, my gosh,
he's altered guys' careers.
The YouTube clip where he, like, is telling the guy,
you're next, and he's kissing his shoulder.
You got a YouTube Scott Stevens.
That one pops up.
He was just a straight-up savage.
Yeah, he was nuts.
But he's the most soft-spoken guy in the room.
I remember my rookie year.
We go to the practice rink at 930, like I'm going like, you know, 75 miles an hour on the back roads trying to get to the rink on time.
Because it's like, you know, you're just a dumb kid and you sleep as long as you can and you're eating McDonald's on the way to practice.
And I come cruising in and Scotty would get there so early in the morning.
I remember the one time he had a truck and i come walking in the
practice and i'm like just like running in the parking lot to get in there on time and i look
and there's just like this bloody deer carcass laying in the back of this truck i'm like what
the hell is this and i walk in i walk in the rink and i go in the changing room and there's like all
this hunting gear camel gear up in his, up in his stall.
And,
and I'm like,
dude,
what,
what this guy just go hunting on the way in.
And guys were like,
Oh my gosh,
he's an animal.
Like he just goes like five in the morning before practice and just,
just rips down whatever,
whatever carcass he can throw in the back of his truck.
And then guys were joking around.
Like he was so obsessed with it that,
you know,
guys would live in like nice developments and uh
residential areas and they'd be like i'm gonna practice like hey scotty you should see these
you see these deer trekking through trek through my yard every morning he's like really what time
did you mind if i come over like scott you can't shoot them there's kids in the neighborhood scott
for christ's sake do you mind if i come here yeah like he kill animals? He'd want to go to their house and pop this deer in basically a little,
I don't even want to call it a suburb.
I mean, it's right outside Newark.
It's like, dude, Scotty, you can't do that there, buddy.
He's just nuts.
Mike, quick question for you.
I'm a big celebration guy.
I love the celly.
2012 Winter Classic, you scored a goal
and then you uh did the jagger salute is that something you thought about before the game
and you were like all right i'm gonna jagger salute or is that something that you know kind
of just in the moment because you know you saw jagger on the other bench yeah no it was nothing
you know i always get asked that like did, is this something you thought about before?
Like, I mean, I didn't score enough goals to be like,
when I score today, I'm going to do this thing.
I mean, like, come on.
And so, you know what, I loved, in my career, I loved playing against Philly.
I mean, I grew up in the Devils organization.
We hated Philly.
I went to Pittsburgh.
They hated Philly.
I go to the Rangers.
We hate Philly as well.
So it's like I've grown to, and one of the things that Philly I went to Pittsburgh they hated Philly I go to the Rangers we hate Philly as well so it's
like I've grown to and one of the things that Philly had always drove me nuts is like you know
the fans like don't even care if the team wins if they get a good scrap in the game they get their
appetites you know good and they're they're going home happy and and I used to always think to
myself like whenever you went into Philly it was like I felt like the team needed to lean
on me a little bit more
because it was like, you know, it's not the Broad Street bully days anymore, but even today,
like the game's changed so much, but it's like, oh, Philly, going to be a tough game.
It's like, what?
That team ain't  like they got Wayne Simmons who's an animal.
I love him.
I love the way he plays, but like come on, man.
Like they got to shed that  you know, there's like this stigma.
You're going
to philly it's gonna be a long night so i'd always like use that as a as a something that kind of you
know go out there and compete against these guys and i love the best thing about playing philly too
is when you win and you're leaving and you got those nasty philly cheesesteaks that they think
are so good and you're eating them on the bus on the way out and you're coming out of the you're
coming up the ramp and it's like the fans outside are like
shooting the moon, throwing things at the bus.
I used to flip them right at the bird right back.
They'd be flipping up off, just giving it back to them.
And it's right.
Yeah, you yell up to the bus.
You pop the lights on, and all the guys are giving them the fingers,
doing the suck it sign, and just doing everything to the fans.
Because you know what, I love
pissing off the Philly fans.
It's so easy to do. We're playing in Citizens
Bank Park, and it's like, you know,
we're down in the game.
We're down 2-0,
and so I get this goal,
and I don't know, it just happened. I just love to
piss off the Philly crowd, and
you know, it's really funny, though.
This dates back a couple weeks ago. From then on, everyone's like, even in that game, you know, it's really funny, though. So this dates back a couple weeks ago.
It's like, you know, from then on, everyone's like, even in that game,
you know, and quite frankly, it worked.
I got under the skin of their guys.
I remember we're winning in the game later on in the game,
and as soon as it happened, Scott Hartnell was chirping me,
saying I'm disrespectful.
And I'm like, disrespectful, man?
We're playing hockey.
Like, shut up.
Hartsy, what have you done before?
Yeah.
man we're playing hockey like shut up heartsy what have you done before that's yeah like and uh so i'm i'm taking a face off late in the game and claude drew's like leans over on the wing and uh
and drew like not even paying attention to the draw the ref's getting ready to drop the puck
and he's like yelling at me about how disrespectful that was there's a clip of it online it worked
man i got claude drew talking about me instead of thinking about
scoring a goal.
I was happy I did it.
After the game, I got asked about it. I kind of played it off.
I'm like, nah, that's my celly. I did that since I
was a kid in Cleveland.
Oh, Jager, that's his? Oh, I didn't know that.
I just kind of played it off. Can I do that?
A little Urkel
answer.
You're right, though.
It is fun. I'm sorry. Go no, you're right, though. Philly is  it is fun.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead, Mike.
I'm sorry.
I didn't
No, no.
So I was in the All-Star game this year.
And ever since then, I was like, you know what?
I should probably reach out to Yogg's and just say, hey, man, that's nothing personal.
It's just like that's the role I played.
Yeah, like, dude, I wasn't like making fun of you what are you talking people got upset at that like come on yeah great and then so some time passed and i like you know
i actually got his number from someone and i kind of you know i didn't really want to do it like i
wanted to do it because i don't want him to think i wasn't being disrespectful to him but i i i was
kind of like then as i started thinking about i'm like listen yogs is like one
of the greatest players ever i really he's probably going to be like who i don't remember that like
who cares yeah you know what i mean so i just kind of dropped it so at the all-star game this year in
la i'm uh we're walking in the lobby and me and, uh, Tony Luffman, who I work with at
NHL network here, we're walking in the lobby, going up to the, up to our room in the hotel.
And, uh, all of a sudden Yags comes walking around the corner and he, and he goes to get
in the elevator.
So I kind of put my hand across Tony.
I'm like, just hold on a second.
He's like, why?
What's up?
I'm like, yeah, Yags is going to the elevator.
I just, I don't feel like talking right now about this crap and you know, whatever.
So he's like, all right, cool.
So anyways, I let him go up.
I go up the elevator, go to my room.
I got a return to rental car that I rented out in LA.
And so like 20 minutes later, I drive the rental car back to this rental car place like two miles down the road.
I come walking in the rental car place and sure as hell yeah i can
sit in a chair right there and i'm like son of a bitch and i walk in and like yeah i thought you
worked for like enterprise though so i i come walking i come walking in and he kind of turns
look and i'm like i'm like hey yeah i'm like, hey, yeah, it's Ari. I'm like, shake his hand. He's like, hey, we're up for Ari.
And I'm like, okay, cool, the guy knows my name.
And so he goes, this is funny, he goes, hey, man, good stuff.
You guys are really good.
I like you on NHL Network.
And I'm like, oh, man, that means a lot coming from you.
I appreciate that.
Thanks.
And he goes, yeah.
He's like, you're way better at that than you were a hockey player.
Like, you should have a pitch.
Just throw me the jet.
So I'm like, all right, cool, man.
I'm like, no, fair enough.
And he's like, no, I'm just messing with you.
So then we're standing there.
It's kind of like this elephant in the room.
Like, I'm letting him take care of his rental car business.
And then I'm like, I got to say something to the guy.
So I go, hey, Yox, listen, I just want to mention to you, I got your number well back.
And I kind of just put it off. And, you know, that whole stuff that went on, like, Yaks, listen, I just want to mention to you, I got your number a while back, and I kind of just put it off.
And, you know, that whole stuff that went on, like, you know, that's nothing.
No discredit to you.
And he's like, oh, don't worry about it, man.
He's like, I'm glad someone could do it.
I was hurt that game, and, you know, blah, blah, blah.
So it was good.
It felt good to kind of get that out of the way.
That's unreal.
Yaka was such a legend.
I actually heard this year that with Florida, he said some young kid
put money on the
board if they won the game.
Naturally, first game, you're going to put...
I don't know if it was his first game, but he put money on the board
either way. And Yaga goes, make sure you collect
that because he's going to get sent down tomorrow.
Just gives it to guys.
I know you're going to run for a meeting
very shortly.
I know guys don't like to be put on the spot with predictions,
but give us who you think will be the final four.
Do a little something different.
Who do you think will be the final four teams,
two on each side left for the playoffs this year?
Oh, man, that's tough because I think that in the East, I look at
I got Washington.
I've had him all year, Rupp. I've had him all year, Rupert.
I've had him all year.
I actually think this is the year for Wash.
Same here.
I think because, yeah.
But playing Pittsburgh is still going to be so hard.
I want to say Pitt and Wash, but we know that's not going to happen.
I know.
That sucks.
So I would probably say Wash.
I'd probably say Wash.
And I think if the Rangers can get that fourth spot in the Metro,
that would put them in the Atlantic side.
Yeah, could happen. I don't know.
I think the Rangers could come out.
I don't know.
But then it's like, how can you count out the Pens?
Like, I don't know.
It depends to me too.
But I don't know. I just really's like, how can you count out the Pens? I don't know. It depends to me too. But I don't know.
I just really think this is their year.
So I think that's in the East and out West.
To me, it's going to be all about,
can Minnesota finally slay that dragon of Chicago in the playoffs?
I love that team.
Minnesota has to beat Chicago.
Washington has to beat Pittsburgh.
They haven't been able to.
Will it finally happen? I don't know. It's tough to
pick against them, but it has to at some point.
I don't think Minnesota would beat
Chicago. I think Washington would beat Pittsburgh, though.
I would probably say
Chicago. I'd probably say Chicago.
I don't know.
I think
San Jose's got an opportunity to get back, too.
Good.
That's a good call.
All right, Rapa.
Thank you so much, buddy.
We really appreciate it.
Yeah, thanks.
I know it was kind of last minute, and I know you're a busy man.
So thanks for coming on, Rapa.
We'll definitely have you back again.
We'll talk a little bit more about the playoffs when they roll around.
What a great interview
He's just very
He goes in depth
Very loquacious fella
Good stories
Good storyteller
He had a couple good ones
We'll have him on again
For sure around playoff time
First off
I just got back from Toronto
Fortunately nobody
Mistook me for Ryan Whitney
And Edmondson
I would jump off a bridge
If that happened
From stones thrown at me
To get you up to speed
We're going to play the audio
In a sec
Wits and our boy Our arm dog Colby Armstrong Were on with our Other friend of the show From Stone's Throne Abbey. To get you up to speed, we're going to play the audio in a sec.
Wits and our boy, our arm dog, Colby Armstrong,
we're on with our other friend of the show, Jeff Marrick, up in Canada.
And Armstrong told a story about Ryan Smith.
And we're going to cut the audio now to get everybody up to speed.
A Ryan Smith story.
So he leaves and goes from Edmonton to the Islanders the year before.
I'm with Atlanta, now playing him the next year.
He's in Colorado. And we're all sitting on the bench.
And he lines up for the faceoff in front of us.
And our whole bench at the same time.
No.
16 guys.
We're making one of them cry.
And then one guy goes, we're bringing the cup back to Edmonton.
No, that's relentless.
This is the video that Colby was referencing in Trade Deadline 207.
And win that cup so I can bring it down here in Edmonton.
That's where my heart is.
Bring the cup back.
What did you think?
Dennis Popman and Billy Smith were still there?
You think the Islanders were going to win the cup.
I told Horkoff I wouldn't do this.
One of the more tender
moments we've seen. I know. He should have told
the story, but it's a funny story.
In-game chirp.
Okay.
City of Edmonton.
Great place.
Honestly, great place to play hockey
people care
that's all you can ask for
fans are great
they're insane
but
in a good
and a bad way
now
the video
there's a video to that
that we can tweet out
and it's different
when you can see our faces
right
so I want to
I want to be accurate
so you know
me doing a crying face
and Armstrong doing it,
it made it look a little worse.
And showing the video of Ryan Smith,
if we had just told the story without showing the video of Ryan Smith
and showing him crying, I think it wouldn't have looked as bad to people.
But, oh, my God, what is wrong with some of you people from Edmonton?
It was a joke.
what is wrong with some of you people from Edmonton?
It was a joke.
Nothing was ever said about Ryan Smith's career or accomplishments or what he did for the city of Edmonton.
He had five times the career of me and Colby Armstrong combined.
We both have respect for him as a player.
The guy was a great player who played hard for a long time.
We were fucking laughing at him for crying.
Do you know, do you guys know who the, do you guys know who the,
do you guys know who the most famous basketball player of all time is?
Michael Jordan.
Do you know that now there's a crying meme?
Crying Jordan meme, right.
If you Google Michael Jordan, that comes up first, by the way. Do you know that Tom Brady cried in the documentary of being the seventh quarterback?
And did people laugh at him for crying?
Nope.
It was a story.
The whole thing started.
We talked about when Colby Armstrong and I and Jeff Merrick host at Sportsnet.
I think we do a good job.
We're buddies, and we play together together and we both like telling stories.
And there's some that can be told and some that shouldn't be told.
But that's entertaining to hockey fans.
That was an on-ice chirp.
So we're trying to figure out what we wanted to do before the show in terms of an intermission report.
And we were talking about on-ice chirps.
And Jeff was saying, you know, just stuff that was said that the guys would say against each other.
That happens a hundred times a game or,
you know,
so Armstrong mentioned that story.
I was like,
that's hilarious because when Ryan,
listen,
I'm going to be honest when Ryan Smith did get traded from Edmonton and he
went,
he went to the Islanders that year.
And then that summer he signed with Colorado.
He,
he turned down a contract offer
of the oilers for probably a million dollars more than he got from colorado like okay so
edmonton people i've you know i i rank like i've said ryan smith's an amazing player but to
all of you people telling me how bad he wanted to be there and and that thing like don't don't
fool yourself it was when you get 35 million instead of 33.3 million, let's be honest,
you didn't want to be there that bad.
Absolutely.
Okay, so that's part of this.
The second part is that he was going to the Islanders
who were battling to try to get in the playoffs.
They weren't going to win the Stanley Cup,
and he was crying, like, I'm going to bring the Cup back.
Like, it was just, to me, like, maybe it's the Boston sense of humor in me.
Right.
And I understand that.
That's funny to me.
Like, and some of these tweets people are sending calling me a bully.
The thread.
The thread in your tweets are ridiculous.
Let me read you a couple of these.
You guys should be ashamed of yourselves.
What cruelty you showed.
The way you acted.
You're as bad as Trump.
So disappointed in you and Colby Armstrong.
Ryan Smith has more class in his pinky toe than both of you could buy.
Hashtag Smith.
Hey, this one.
Unbelievable.
Imagine being this fucking guy sitting in his Wherever he's sitting
Not even his basement
Let's pretend
Do you guys know who Gord Downie is?
Gord Downie is the lead singer
That he tragically
Yep
They're an amazing band
He's terminally ill
He's terminally ill
And he gave a concert
At the end of the year
In Toronto
And it's been incredible
It was amazing
Hey Ryan Whitney Six
You scumbag
What are you gonna do
Make fun of Gord Downie
Next weekend?
Holy fuck Wow That's a psychotic person.
I mean...
Because you made fun of a hockey player crying at a press conference.
Whitney, you scumbag piece of shit.
If Sportsnet has any integrity,
there'll be a public apology.
It just showed immaturity. I'd be embarrassed.
Sorry!
I'd be embarrassed.
Do they just hate you?
Do they hate you or is it Ryan Smith?
Do they just think he's the great one?
They don't like me.
They worship.
They didn't like me.
I didn't play well there.
I 100 understand why they didn't like me.
But they worship Ryan Smith.
And I get it.
Whatever.
I get it.
The guy played for the Oilers forever.
I mean, but we were laughing at him crying when he got traded.
Like, everyone, calm down.
It's talking about... This is what... People say, you know, you want to hear what, we want to
hear stories from players.
And, you know, we have, hearing stories from when players played is so great.
And they're fun.
Even for me, I played.
And then you're talking about on ice chirps and that's what happens.
The whole team fake crying.
It's hilarious.
They were all laughing.
And then these people are appalled at the story.
And I got a bunch of, that should stay on the ice.
What?
Yeah.
Why should that stay on the ice?
It's funny.
Nobody got hurt.
In the end of this, he signed with Colorado for 33 million.
Do you think anyone's feelings were hurt over this?
Fucking right.
It's funny.
Me and Marek talked about that.
Jeff Marek, he gave me the tour of Hockey Night in Canada.
And I said, did people realize it was a story that happened on ice?
The whole team was making fun of Ryan Smith.
On Dog just told the story.
It was like nobody got hurt.
How does he feel about it, Ryan Smith?
I was wondering.
I played with Smith.
He's a good guy.
I saw a quote.
I'm not going to stoop to their level.
I'm sitting, stoop to their level I'm sitting Stoop to their level
Jesus Christ
What the
Because we're just like
Making fun of you crying
Like what
Right
When did everyone
Get so sensitive
It's not that you
Holy shit
It wasn't that you were
Making fun of him crying
It's like the whole fucking team
That Army was on at the time
Made fun of him at the dot
That's hilarious
Like if that was in Slapshot
It would have been
An epic fucking scene
Like the whole team
I actually
The fact that a whole team Would be great crying on the bench is fucking hilarious.
Army had never told me that story.
And Armstrong feels horrendous.
He's from Western Canada.
I'm like, dude, we didn't.
All these people just don't.
Yeah.
I like, I honestly, I've been compliment of the Oilers this year.
I like where they're going.
I said they deserve to be in the playoffs.
They're fans to Trevor.
Just relax.
Holy shit.
And I think,
we should point out
and remind people
that we're talking
about Edmonton fans
who are online
and on Twitter specifically.
I mean,
I know they're very passionate,
but it's not the whole.
No, no, no.
I understand.
I'm talking about
the people who write.
I'm not apologizing.
I'm not apologizing.
I'm saying that I don't want one. I'm saying, no, I'm not apologizing. I'm not apologizing. I'm saying that I...
I don't want one.
No, I'm just saying...
I'm sorry you disagree.
I just thought it was funny.
I wasn't bullying anyone.
I think the people that deserve to get chirped
in this whole situation is the chirpers.
The people who are coming at you.
The threads are ridiculous.
Maybe we can tweet them out on spit and chicklets.
I'll stop you tweeting. No, no, I got a great idea. No one has ever done chicklets. I'll start with tweeting.
No, no.
I got a great idea.
No one has ever done this before.
We'll find the meanest tweets on, then we'll have Ryan read mean tweets.
No one has ever done that.
Genius.
I thought these were interesting.
Yeah, that's very true, though.
Oh, shit.
So, I mean, I had to address that.
No, you're right.
It was a joke.
We were kidding around.
All the sensitive fans. Lighten up, Francis.
They do love Smitty, but again, it was all, if you're going to be mad,
be mad at the guys who made fun of him on the fucking ice.
Nothing to do with Smitty as a person or a player.
Nope.
That's what I'm sticking to.
Never attacked him.
All right, so Whitney gets his piece out on Edmonton.
We do got a little bit of a shorter episode this week,
time constraints and whatnot,
so we're going to jump right into a segment of All Right Hamilton with the
boys.
All right.
So by,
by RA's request,
number one is a T Smitty 724 asked.
Smitty?
TK421.
Smitty.
He made a new one,
made a new account to write us a question.
He's coming at you.
Why is weird a bully?
Why do all teams play soccer in the hallway before games?
This is by RA's request.
All right, Hamilton.
Now, the answer's an easy one.
It's to limber up, get loose, maybe get a little sweat and loosen up before the game.
Is that why?
Isn't it?
No.
I mean, is it?
I mean, I don't know.
Honestly, I think a lot of it has to do with getting loose, and the Euros love soccer.
You're right.
I'm just giving you shit because I love it.
Interesting story.
It stands out every time I see a pregame soccer game.
When I was in Vancouver for Game 7 in 2011, Bruins-Canucks.
I think they're coming to an end that we'll get into.
Go ahead.
People have been getting hurt.
People get hurt.
What?
Okay, so I'm walking around.
I get in the arena early because, so I'm walking around.
I get in the arena early because I really had nothing to do.
I was in probably a couple hours before the game just checking it out.
I was walking around the arena, and I walked by the Sedins. I mean, literally, from Meteor Way.
And they're doing their pregame thing, and they're very tense.
There was not one smile.
They were doing their pregame soccer, not one smile.
They're just all tense. I go, there was not one smile. They were doing their pregame soccer, not one smile. They were just all tense.
I go down fucking 50 feet down the hall.
Hey, rah, rah, rah.
Here, roaring and yelling and screaming.
I'm like, what the fuck's going on?
And it's the Bruins, dude.
And it looked like they were at a Delta Tau Chi party.
No, those things, it's true.
They do get fun.
I never play because I'm so bad I couldn't even juggle at once.
But guys love it.
And it's a knockout game.
And it does get you fired up and loose
and shit. The point is,
because I already had money on the Bs, but right
then, I'm like, fucking Vancouver's dead.
They weren't relaxed at all.
That's kind of a hot take.
Hey, look how it played out, though.
I mean, Vancouver played tense.
This one, you're 100 right. The Bruins were loosey-goosey,
but anyways. But if the Avs are loosey-goosey
versus the Capitals coming up. Again, game seven you know you think you know i was busy
to see the dichotomy up close like these guys are fucking tight with fear i know exactly what
house money and it was like it was cool because not everybody got to see it so i completely i
completely see that i completely i i just love giving it to you but you're right i love taking
it all right next up, Grinnells.
All right, Kyle Caraccio asked,
what do you guys think about Hoseang wearing number 66?
All right, Hamilton.
I'm not, I'm not even, I'm disgusted.
I don't even, what are you doing?
You know what, it's Whitney's boy.
I saw, I saw, that's my owner who I sat in his private plane's bathroom
to an All-Star game.
Humble brag, humble brag.
Yeah, I got his autograph.
I saw Doug Waite come out and say, listen, he's honoring him.
He's doing it to honor Lemieux.
So, I mean, it's his head coach.
I love Doug Waite.
I don't know him, but just as an American.
So I kind of don't, I'm not as mad anymore.
But for me, it's just like, dude, Nicholas Backstrom,
he played in the KHl wore 99 like 99
and 66 i guess you gotta retire if you're the league if you don't want anyone to wear it but
to me i don't know i wouldn't wear it exactly he can wear it i'm not like a great one i mean i'm
not i don't know the magnificent one we're not we're not cutting that we're not fucking cutting
that at all fucking so much those checks if If you know me, that is exactly what,
that's why I can't believe I have a podcast,
because that's a very common thing for me.
Now we're going to go to the great one, Mario Lemieux.
Mario Lemieux.
Lemieux.
Yeah, I don't, I mean,
basically you're just kind of putting a fucking microscope on yourself
by wearing 66.
People obviously know you're not Lemieux,
but they're going to expect you to play at a certain level.
And, you know, when you obviously,
you got to have a level of, I don't give a fuck.
Right.
Yeah.
And like you said, if the number's not retired by the league,
sure, he can wear it.
I mean, you know, if it's my team, I'm like,
who the fuck's this guy got some serious balls?
That's what I tweeted.
He's got some balls doing it.
But at the end of the day, if he's a player, he's a player.
But, you know, whatever.
Not my cup of tea.
Grinnell's?
Yeah. I mean, I don't really care, to be honest. Grinnells, you don't care.
He's just sniping.
He's doing dangles and sniping.
As long as you're sniping and whacking.
As long as you're sniping and thumping
girls, you're in good in Mikey G's book.
Keep that swag coming.
Alright.
Fuck you guys.
Zach asks,
ZD91 asks, Do the boys tear it up one last night
after the season wraps up or book flights book the first flights out all right oh they they don't
tear one last baby yeah a lot of times you go to vegas um unless you're playing somewhere really
nice but when the season ends you know make the playoffs it's go time for a couple nights guys
love it.
I remember one year
I actually,
my first year,
the team in Pittsburgh,
we were really bad.
Crosby's rookie year,
but I was going back down
to play in the
AHL playoffs
for Wilkes-Barre
because I'd started
the year there
and everyone was getting ready
for their nights out
and going away
and I was going back
to play in the AHL playoffs.
I was like,
fuck!
And we won the first round
of game seven.
I was like,
no!
It's so bad. Just rule number one. If you play in the NHL a year I was like, fuck. And we won the first round at game seven. I was like, no. It's so bad.
Just rule number one.
If you play in the NHL a year,
you're not dying to get back there.
If you do the Vegas thing
with your teammates,
just rule number one.
When the sign at the pool says,
do not bring drugs
in your bathing suit,
we got to check your bathing suit.
Obey that fucking rule.
No names,
but just obey that rule.
All right.
So we are quick.
Actually, I'm going to squeeze
in a quick ask a millennial. I was up Toronto this actually, I'm going to squeeze in a quick Ask a Millennial.
Now, I was up Toronto this week.
I'm going to elaborate on that a little bit.
I was able to go to the CBC studios, start iconic sceneries, a lot of stuff, Canadian
culture.
Canada, by the way, has produced some unbelievable comedians, and I was fortunate to go to CBC
where they filmed a little show called SCTV.
So, Ask a Millennial.
Ryan, do you know what SCTV is?
SCTV.
SCTV.
No, I don't even.
I don't even know I'm going to turn and face you away,
but it's part of the routine.
SCTV.
Sports Canada TV.
Will I know it now that you say it or no?
No, SCTV was a show up in canada that that had john candy i'm looking
for the picture right here here it is john candy the the mckenzie brothers eugene levy joe love
this mitch rick moranis no basically it's it was canadian saturday night live basically it was the
canadian version of saturday night live it's hugely popular again canada i know we have we
have a lot of fun in Canada. We love Canada.
They produce tremendous comedians over the years.
Never heard of it.
Yeah, SCTV show.
That's a quickie.
Ask a millennial.
Somebody asked me, or they wrote All Right Hamilton,
but I was on it, the best prank that I saw.
And I saw a bunch of them, but the one that Ryan Malone did to me,
oh, Bugsy Malone, that fucking asshole.
Let's hear it
we had rookie party
in New York City
so we had a day game
and we actually got
pumped
7-0
it was awful
but we were going out
that night
and having rookie party
and
so
after the game
Terrian had meetings
with every guy
on the team
I think
except for like
three guys
and you just sat there
and waited for a meeting
and then he ripped on you
because we got pumped so bad.
And he knew we were going out for rookie party.
So he was just furious.
And I get out and everyone's kind of waiting around.
I'm getting out of the shower and everyone's like waiting around, kind of laughing.
Like, look at me.
I'm like, what?
They're like, you haven't seen your shoes?
I'm like, where are my shoes?
Fuck, because I got my suit on.
Malone had spray painted them fluorescent blue. They were brand new, like 600 dress i got my suit on malone had spray painted them fluorescent blue they were
brand new like 600 dress shoes for my suit he spray painted them fluorescent blue and in uh
yellow or black he'd written 19 on the toes and that's all i had to go out to rookie party i was
like oh my god but classic new york city some fucking guy came up to me in the bar or the club. He's like, dude, where'd you get those shoes? Those are sick.
I'm like...
That's fucking hilarious. Oh, yeah, the Bugsy Malone
line sold at Kmart. I want to hear
about Toronto, man. Let's hear about Toronto.
Yeah, absolutely. Toronto, now
you know when sometimes you go on a vacation
and you get
banged up, you have a lot of fun, and then you need a
vacation after that vacation. Well, that's kind of like
what happened with Manhattan. We had a lot of fun down there. We worked vacation after that vacation well that's kind of like what happened with manhattan we had a lot of fun down there we worked hard we played
hard but i come home i was fucking exhausted after four nights down there um so toronto was kind of
a little like relaxation week form weekend for me i went up again in case you forgot for the goon
two premiere goon was very popular uh cult comedy about uh starring sean williams card was stiff
law by jay baruchel jay baruchel actually jay produced and wrote the first one but he directed Very popular cult comedy starring Sean William Scott with Stifler.
By Jay Baruchel.
Jay Baruchel.
Actually, Jay produced and wrote the first one, but he directed the sequel.
Me and Jay kind of became internet buddies a few years ago,
and he was kind enough to invite me to the premiere of the first Goon.
He kept his word.
He said, if there's a sequel, I'll invite you to that one, too.
So that was the reason I went up.
Just honestly, it was a very relaxing weekend.
I was up there by myself.
Didn't do a hell of a lot.
Canada seems like a relaxing place.
I actually sat in Tim Hortons one day.
And the Canadians, I don't think they say excuse me.
I think they just say sorry.
Sorry.
And honestly, after the PMT stuff, you just can't get out of your head.
I was intentionally bumping into people just so I can get stories out of them.
It's important.
But Toronto, if you've never been there, fantastic city.
Reminds me a lot of Chicago, Grinnelli.
In so far as it's a beautiful city. Clean.
Clean as fuck.
Oh, okay.
Right on the lake.
All kinds of condo towers.
I mean, it's got a New York vibe, too, to it.
It's a big, major metropolitan city.
But I get a real Chicago vibe out of Toronto.
Very diverse city. It's just a very friendly city I heard one car horn all weekend from like people beeping in traffic they stop at yellow lights they obey
the traffic laws so that took a lot of crazy stories you gotta have some crazy stories okay
you can tell on here yeah when called crazy this is probably more a reflection of me getting old
but this was a funny one now I'm at I at the Hotel Chelsea, nice hotel, kind of right off of Yonge Street,
which is the main drag there, and I'm on my balcony, and, you know,
I see this, like, it was almost like a beacon in the night, like a lighthouse.
Oh, I think you tweeted a picture of it.
I believe I did Zanzibar.
It was, you know, it was like a naked lady in neon thing.
It was like a beacon in the night flashing me.
So I text, you know, a guy or two guy or two like hey what's the zanzibar
place like like i don't know i don't go to titty bars and honestly i don't i could count on a half
a hand how many times i've been with strip joint in the last fucking 20 years huge ship club guy
i was big i was you know we used to go when we were 18 19 we used to go to montreal seven times
a summer back in the day you know whatever you get old that things change interest change whatever
so fucking this place is calling i'm, I'm all set with that.
You know, like, whatever.
Fucking,
when am I going to go
blow money in there?
So Sunday night,
I decided to treat myself
to a nice dinner.
Frascati.
By the way,
Toronto listeners,
I don't know if you know about it,
on Elm Street.
Fucking fantastic little restaurant.
So I went there,
forgot a bite to eat.
Slugged back a half a carafe
in about a half hour.
So I got a pretty good glow on.
And walking by
i'm back to the hotel what do i see that beat that neon sign for zanzibar i'm like fuck it i'll walk
in there now first clue right right away that i wasn't preparing to go um to go into a strip
to end up my glasses right away i walk in i'm like i don't have my glasses so like fucking useless
so then i'm like all right well you know well you can always get a fucking up close dance if you
want a better view you know i get down i sit down and this fucking broad next comes up to
me like fake flips like on her face big like plump fake lips and it's like sounds like a like she's
auditioning for like a bond villain girlfriend in the next door hello would you like a private
dance and i'm like right away i'm like turned off so i was
like you know but i'm playing along if this is shit like 40 years 20 years ago i would have been
like all in right away but now i'm like i know i'm not getting a private dance not interested
ordered one beer i'm just like gonna finish it and screw she said well you like dance i was like
how much she's like the one song 20 dollars i was like you know now i'm definitely not no no now i'm
like i'm taking fucking 20 dollars i'm like
looking at someone right dude fucking when i first went to montreal five dollars it's at club
che parido with and these those are the the girls are really students there they're all nines and
tens they're beautiful so anyways i'm not a cheap fuck but i'm like i ain't spending 20 bucks but
then she drops this one on me we have to go to the v VIP room, the champagne room. And that's another 20 cover.
Just, oh, but you can go in and out all night.
So I said, so basically, you're telling me fucking 40 is going to cost me just to get the first dance.
That's only like two and a half minutes, three minutes.
And I'm like, what are you going to play me?
A fucking Buddy Holly song that's two minutes long?
I'm like, you know, I'm like, I want to hear Bonzo's Montreux or fucking Inna Gata De Vida if I'm paying 20 for a fucking first song.
So, you know, I sat there. I saw, you know, I'm paying 20 for a fucking for a song so you know
I sat I saw yeah I'm gonna have my beer and contemplate it like knowing full well and then
another one come over she looked like she was on about fucking 19 per 30s because she fucking she
had dime slots for eyes like so right away I'm just like I'm all set like if it was a place for
like you know smokes it was like like shape free dude I mean I if probably the best strip joint
you can go to in North America.
Just beautiful women who seem to have their fucking head about them.
They're not whacked out on drugs or whatever.
So I went in, had like half a beer, and I was like, all right,
this was a fucking shit club.
Later, dude.
Like I said, I don't know if it's a condition of me getting old or whatever
or if it's just not a very good place.
So let me ask you.
Yeah.
Hockey Night in Canada Studios.
Oh, yeah.
You've got to tell me about that.
It was great stuff.
And again, we've mentioned them already.
Jeff Marrick, if you're not following him on Twitter, you should be.
I'm trying to think of an American equivalent of Marrick,
because he's fucking huge in Canada.
Maybe like Steve Levy here.
Maybe Bucci.
Bucci, I would say.
So he obviously does a show with Whitney up
there and um he's also does a podcast with Greg Wyshynski Puck Daddy so he you know he reached
out and said hey you know I want you want a tour of the studios you fucking kidding me of course
you know I mean obviously we don't get Hockey Night in Canada but we we get it recently thanks
to satellite and stuff but it's such an iconic fucking thing man absolutely and they and they
actually built this whole new studio
a couple of years ago.
I mean, they spent like 3 million.
You know, a lot of these studios, Mike,
you know, you walk in and it's a shoebox.
Oh, my God, yeah.
It just looks bigger on TV
because of the lighting and the staging,
but this thing was enormous.
The set was fucking huge,
and we got there,
and there was no lights on or nothing.
I had the lights turned on
so I could take some pictures,
got the full tour.
What a guy.
It was a thrill, man.
It was a real thrill to see, you know,
this is what fucking
the whole of Canada
watches this shit
every fucking night.
That's work for
Witt and Merrick
every day.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
And he gave me a tour
of the facilities
and like I said,
you know,
we mentioned SCTV
a couple minutes ago.
I know you guys
obviously don't remember
but it's such an iconic show.
I mean, it really is sort of SNL's equivalent.
I'm sorry, Canada's equivalent of SNL.
We didn't actually get to the studio.
I think the door was locked.
You said John Candy was on it?
John Candy, Rick Moranis, Dave Thomas,
so many iconic Canadian comedians.
Canadian comedians, yeah, that makes sense.
So it was fun.
I didn't really get Too banged up or anything
It is funny
When you take
You get in the plane
It's one of those
Little prop planes
Like you know
You fucking
You try to go to the bathroom
It's like
You couldn't join
You couldn't go
And like treat yourself
Let alone join
The Mile High Club
If you ever try
To bring a broad in there
Like fucking
Like the lady in the airplane
Putting fucking lipstick
On her face
So yeah
Canada man Like I said, great place.
Can't recommend it enough.
What the hell was the other thing that I did there?
How was the movie?
Goon 2.
Jesus.
I knew you were fucking blanking.
If you like Goon, you definitely got to see Goon 2.
I know not everybody was a fan of Goon.
I don't know why.
If you like hockey, it's a fantastic hockey movie.
A lot of goofy stuff.
It had a real goofy channel to it, but it also had a lot of good hockey stuff in it.
Like we mentioned, Jay Baruchel, who directed this one, invited me up.
It was fun, man.
It was a fun movie.
I'll tell you, Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn's son, Wyatt Russell, he plays the new bad guy in it.
He stole the movie.
He was also in that
movie um everybody wants something the one with the baseball players that was kind of the spiritual
sequel to Dazed and Confused by Richard Linklater he was also in that as well but this guy man he
steals the movie he plays like that you know the owner's son who's got some issues with him but
he's got the long beard the long hair the big bushy beard and beard, and he looked like his father. I'll ask him again.
His father, Kurt Russell, starred in this movie
The Thing back in 1980, and Kurt had long
hair and a beard, and it was like you were looking at him all
over again. So, Ari, before we go,
I know this is something
that Captain Collins wanted
us to talk about. I was going to say it in the
All Right Hamilton is, I've
been given a list of,
I think it's 155 movies.
Yes.
I've seen about 60 of them.
Wow.
I'd say maybe a little more, a little less.
We're going to have you add some to it.
How long are you and Cons giving me to complete the list?
Oh, Jesus Christ.
That's going to take years.
Years?
Well, 150 movies.
Well, I probably have 70 now.
Okay, 70. 70? Well, 150 movies. Well, I probably have 70 now. Okay, 70.
70 or so movies.
No.
And we'll go through and prioritize movies that you and Cons,
we'll stack it from important to least important
because Jaws 1 and Jaws 3 are on there.
I haven't seen Jaws 3.
I'm not going to watch that.
Wait, Cons has Jaws 3 on the list?
Yes, he does.
See, this is where we need to do a cross-reference.
I love my boy Cons, but Jaws 3 shouldn't be on any must-see movie list unless you're
like a shock movie completist.
But I love my boy Kahn's.
But yeah, this is why we need a little collaboration.
So we'll tweet out the movie list once you make your additions to it.
Absolutely.
And we'll go from there.
Yeah, we'll do that.
Anytime, any movie collaboration stuff is great.
And I love to spread the word about good cinema.
I'm trying to get cultured for you guys.
Yeah.
Hey, man, it's, you know, it's like I said, I had a guy asking about The Wire on Twitter today.
And why can't I get into it?
And I says, you know, you got to like don't expect closure every episode.
It's not NYPD Blue or something.
You got to let it breathe and use subtitles, man.
Exactly.
All right.
Quick one this week.
But thanks, as always, man. Exactly. All right. Quick one this week, but thanks as always for tuning in.
Make sure to follow us on Twitter at Stool Chicklets.
Again, on Instagram at Spittin' Chicklets.
The Instagram page is really taking off.
Yeah, we're definitely getting some love.
Give us follows.
Another thing, give us reviews, subscribe, all that shit.
Spread the word.
We're doing good in Canada, doing good in the States, but we can always do better.
All right, boys.
Take care.
Have a good one.
And may you grow to be proud, dignified and true.
And do unto others as you'd have done to you.
So far in 2017, Forbes and Podcast One have already launched three highly acclaimed shows.
The interview with Steve Bertone features the business world's most interesting names,
like Adam Carolla, Twitter founder Sean Rad, and Hollywood's own Jessica Alba.
So I spent a lot of my childhood in hospital, in hospital beds.
Under 30 with Steve Goldblum talks to the movers and shakers,
like Nation Builder CEO Jim Gilliam and NFL big game winner Martellus Bennett.
Guys are afraid to be themselves because of their marketing do. And the list with art of charms Jordan Harbinger.
We'll get behind the scenes insight and information that doesn't make the print cut.
Next up, Sports Money with Mike Ozanian talking to team owners, athletes, and industry leaders
about the enterprise and money behind supreme athletic competition.
Forbes on Podcast One. Not just entertaining, informative.
Subscribe now at iTunes and don't forget to rate, review, and share.
