Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, pink lemonade flavored vodka for my friends at New Amsterdam Vodka. What's going on, gang?
It feels great to officially get off the schneid.
Handed out a couple of winners a couple episodes in a row.
Now we'll get to the gambling in a little bit,
but let's say hi to the boys first.
As always, producer Mikey Grinelli, what's going on, my man?
What's up, guys?
Just continuing to murder puck lines,
and I'm looking forward to see you guys in Chicago next week.
Oh, yeah, we'll get to that in a little bit as well.
Next up, Ryan Whitney, the
Witt Dog. What's going on, my man?
Not much. I'm in Secaucus.
Some stats. Some stats.
We're flying around today.
You know what happens when I'm here. NHL
Network, Witt.
I'm going to sprinkle them in throughout the episode, but yeah,
it's really good to talk to you guys. You can see the
decor behind me. You see that lime green pillow?
Oh, yeah.
Is that an economy that you're staying in right now?
A suite?
What kind of room is that?
I'm not going to say where it is.
You know you're getting a complimentary breakfast there.
All cold breakfast.
Oh, yeah, but I don't wake up.
The thing runs out at like 7.15.
I'm like, you might want to.
No, it's like 9.
It ends at 9.
I'm like, dude, sometimes I'm sleeping in.
I'm like to stroll down at 9.30.
I can't even have it.
You get those powdered eggs in you.
I can't get that make your own Belgian waffle in like the residence inn.
You know those are good too.
Everyone has one of those at some point in time in these types of hotels.
You make your own Belgian waffle, and I do it occasionally,
but then I feel real fat.
So I've gone on on I've rambled on
how are you guys I'm doing good now let's say last but not least that boy Paul Biznasty
Biznett what's going on buddy I'm in a great mood Coyotes five of the last six points they're back
to 500 and they are looking good the offense is clicking they went into Winnipeg and spanked them
and yeah that's that's pretty much it for now.
Very, very difficult injury to Nicholas Jarmelson.
They are going to miss him.
One of the better defensive defense in the league.
I'm sure you Chicago fans can vouch for that.
And they're going to miss him for three months as he broke a bone in his,
I believe it was his tibia.
Ooh.
Well, speaking of coyotes,
it looked like a few coyotes went through
Barstool Sports headquarters on Sunday night, Monday morning.
Those savages who watched the live stream of the Yankees game left an
absolute mess.
A bunch of children who didn't clean up after themselves, and their
punishment was originally supposed to be White Sox Dave giving them the
audio for the game.
I guess his plane got delayed, so they ended up having Ellie Schnitt do it,
which made it even funnier.
I'm not sure.
Did you catch any of it at all online?
I saw some of the highlights.
One of them was, I think, the ball's hit far, the guy's running.
Then somebody else yelled home run, right?
I was actually laughing at the beginning because you could tell these guys,
these scumbag Yankee fans, talk about a bunch of losers,
a bunch of Yankee fans, a bunch of dirtbags.
You ever seen KFC's blog about Yankee fans?
It's pretty funny.
It's like a  what's the word?
Magnus Opus.
That's how he called it.
Magnum Camus.
Yeah, KFC wrote this under thing.
So it's all the scumbags at Barstool.
Borelli, of course, is one of them.
But they just, oh, to leave all that food out there, man.
And I actually heard it.
Guess who picked it up?
Was it Willie Malone?
Yeah, 20 million in his NFL career.
And I actually thought, I said, I go,
I think that these are people who've never played sports.
I swear to God, that may sound mean, but you just were
remember, Biz, every locker room, you clean up the locker room.
You don't leave places dirtier than you found them.
I used to play with a few guys.
You leave places cleaner than you found them.
I used to play with a few guys.
What?
I was going to say, I used to play with a few guys
who used to leave their towels on the ground.
You're just like, dude, pick up your fucking towel.
Somebody else has to pick up the towel. Right, yeah., dude, pick up your fucking towel. Like your mom's running around.
Somebody else has to pick up the towel.
Right, yeah.
And even though the trainers, you know, they get paid to tidy the room,
it's not their job to clean up your dirty towel.
So did you explain how exactly it went down,
how they weren't allowed to watch the game,
they flipped the TV around, and Ellie Schnitt,
who I don't know if she's ever watched a full MLB game in her entire life,
had to describe the events that were happening.
Yeah, it was torture.
These guys, I mean, they live and die by the Yankees.
So they had no video, no audio.
They just had Ellie Schnitt, who by her own account,
knows absolutely shit about baseball, describing in and by in.
And so it was probably torturous for them.
On top of the fact the Yankees lost, that makes it even better.
And with this, to your point about the sports, you know,
I wasn't on the most teams growing up as a kid.
I played some JV, this or that.
I think it's just fucking a lot of these generation of kids
just had their asses wiped for them their whole lives,
and they've never had a pickup at themselves.
Because it's one thing if you leave  it's a catered thing.
People brought in trades.
Yeah, no, the kitchen, I guess, was, like, normal to be left.
So that's, like  that doesn't matter, then, if that, the kitchen, I guess, was normal to be left. That doesn't matter
then, if that's the case.
Well, going back,
the next day was a holiday,
and typically when they leave all the catered food
out, the maids will come through
and put that in the garbage. But they
left their own plates out, and
of course, because it was a holiday, everything was left
out, and place looked like a dump.
But hey, you live and you learn, and of course, barst was a holiday, everything was left out, and place looked like a dump. But, hey, you live and you learn.
And, of course, barstool being barstool,
they turned it into content, into a positive thing.
So, I mean, we don't need to get into the full thing.
And then I think the next day was when all the LeBron stuff happened.
So, Dave had quite the start to the week.
Yeah, there's always something going on there.
Like you said, some of the stuff.
I didn't mean, by the way, that only people who played sports
wouldn't have common decency.
I just think having teammates around that would remind you.
Accountability.
Accountability was a big thing.
But yeah, okay, sorry to interrupt.
That's all right.
And the big thing that you said, Biz, it's the people who had their own plate
and put it down and didn't pick it up.
It's one thing to have the trays.
I'm down there all week.
I don't even leave a napkin laying around.
That's just how I was raised, to clean up after myself.
But like you said, it made for some funny content
because any time there's shit at fucking Boston,
we make it a shit Sunday.
So it was pretty funny.
I'm sorry, Biz.
I thought you had something else you wanted to say.
No, I think we can move on from there.
Absolutely.
Yeah, we did have some NHL first since our last meeting.
The Sabres' Victor Olofsson, or Golofson as they're calling him up there,
he set an NHL record by scoring the most power play goals to start a career
with seven.
You can still add to it.
The 24-year-old Swede, he was taking the seventh round back in the 2014 draft,
played in the Swedish Elite League for a couple of years.
He actually got two power play goals on a six-game call-up last year,
and he's got five already in six games this year.
Boys, obviously you've never seen anything like this before, have you?
Have you ever seen this not even at the beginning of a career,
even in the middle of a career?
Have you ever seen a guy score this many?
I remember Michelle Ouellette in the AHL biz.
Do you remember him?
This guy was the biggest sniper
He might have done stuff like that
In the AHL
He would just get so many power play goals
No, I mean the thing is
You remember I know this
I knew this guy
Did you remember I brought him up before the season?
That I played with this guy?
Yeah, actually I do him up before the season that I played with this guy? Yeah.
And I mean, I tell you the first fucking practice I go, this kid has like the best snapshot I've ever seen.
This was what, four, three years ago, four years ago, five.
I don't even know.
But the fact that he's come over and done this.
And I kind of like that.
I was talking to somebody who mentioned last year he had 30 goals in the AHL, but they made him like he played the season down there.
And it's like not every guy could come over and play in the NHL right away.
And if you do have to spend a year or two in the AHL,
you can still be an unreal player when you get to the NHL level.
So I like that they didn't rush him last year.
He got a little bit of a chance and did well.
And then this year he's just ready to go.
I think it was solid that he was there, but he lit up the AHL.
He proved I'm ready to get to that next level.
It kind of brings up another point that I was reading about on Twitter.
And remember how we, when we talked to Stamkos his first year,
how they would play him a game and then sit him out a game and they would put
him in the law in the weight room just in order for him to gain strength.
You know, there's been some conversation about Jack Hughes' start.
I know it's only been six games and I'm not going to, I haven't had a chance to really
watch him that closely, but, you know, maybe that type of approach with a player like that
wouldn't be a bad thing.
And sometimes you've got to ease these guys into the league, especially for a first overall
pick and how excited everybody was.
And, I mean, I remember we talked about how McDavid said,
this kid is going to be special because he ended up skating with him
in the summertime.
I think they were in California on the ice together.
And, you know, some of these kids just need a little bit more time to develop,
especially with their bodies.
I mean, Jack Hughes is a little undersized.
Now, saying that, he could open the floodgates any minute here.
But, yeah, I mean, it just opens up the conversation
like we talked about with Stamkos, and it definitely helped him.
It did get to the point with Tocqueville when he was like,
okay, well, now I think he's ready to play every game
because he started lighting the lamp.
But that's just kind of transitioning, same topic, just different player.
It kind of sucks that the,
this Jack Hughes thing has like been even brought up.
It doesn't kind of suck.
It's it's,
it blows for the kid and not that he cares,
but like to hear this at the beginning of your career that like,
Oh,
he hasn't scored yet.
Like it's just,
people are bringing it up.
I don't think anyone's saying like he isn't a good player.
Right.
But no matter what it gets brought up.
So that's,
that's what I'm saying blows about the fact that before when you were
a first overall pick, you had all the pressure in the world on you.
You were still like you had to get it done at some point,
but you had years.
I mean, like all these guys, they didn't do it right away.
Joe Thornton's rookie year, it wasn't normal.
And then now the pressure's even bigger.
The pressure's changed completely where not only do you have the pressure
of the first overall pick, you've got to do it right away or people
are all over you. Some people
said it perfect. It can take a little
time. The fact that kids
aren't lighting up right away, it only makes it hard
because prior guys that have been able to
come in and dominate, they make it look
so easy, but it isn't. It's still
rare. It's just the fact that now the
game is so good, it seems like every year there is one.
It's still going to be a time when a guy can't do it right away and needs a year or two and once again
I haven't had a chance to watch him that closely but there does become a point where you have to
worry about shattering this kid's confidence because it has been six games now let's say it
goes to 12 games and there's still no points to be had and they still are struggling and he's
getting thrown to the wolves you have to look out for the future here and and you kind of alluded to it wit it doesn't it doesn't help but the fact that some of the guys
in years past have stepped in i mean fuck austin matthews four goals in his first game monkey off
the back how are you um mcdavid's in a different category because i think everybody knew he was
going to be who he was i mean even some of the second picks uh um uh jack eichel was another
guy he was behind mcdavid so the second picks, Jack Eichel was another guy. He was behind
McDavid. So the first, second overall picks, there seems to be a lot of pressure when they're coming
in the league now and organizations want impacts instantly, or at least the fans do. So I wish the
kid nothing but the best and hopefully he can find the back of the net and get that confidence going.
Yeah. And you wonder how much the hype factors in too
because these kids, there's so much more media,
so much more presence on the internet that I think the hype gets bigger
and each kid who comes along seems to get compared to some great
from the past that puts even more pressure on them.
One other couple quick notes.
Well, now, saying that, Darre, though, there could be a case of like,
hey, I know he was first overall, but this guy just ain't ready to play at the national hockey league lever level doesn't help
that his team hasn't won the first six games um he is a minus four with four giveaways no points so
once again let's hope the kid turns it around yeah i was just going to get to them in a second
but i just like i said i had a couple more notes on olison his uh his parents were in town for the
record setting goal which is pretty cool considering they're from Sweden.
Also, the Buffalo power play is clicking at fucking a 42.9 clip right now.
That is unbelievable.
And 20 of 31 teams are at 20 higher on power play percentage,
which is pretty big.
And three teams have still yet to part a power play goal.
Ottawa, Anaheim, and the third team we're going to talk about is New Jersey.
They've yet to score a power play go. Ottawa, Anaheim, and the third team we're going to talk about is New Jersey. They've yet to score a pop.
That's a  all right, sorry, I was trying to signal you there.
That seems to be a bit of concern moving forward for some of these teams
that weren't expected to have hot starts, having hot starts.
Edmonton's power play is on fire as well.
They're saying that's maybe disguising a little bit of their weaknesses
defensively, and same goes for Buffalo right now.
So that Mike Kelly, who's a big statistician guy, analytics guy for TSN,
was a little weary on them thinking that this hot start is about to drop off fairly soon.
Yeah, so back to the Devils.
They've yet to score a power play goal in 18 chances.
Their last in penalty killing at a 57.1 clip.
That's awful.
They've made kind of, I guess, some of it an unusual move.
They brought assistant general manager Tommy Fitz down to the coaching staff
to help out with the bench.
Guys, I'll go to you first.
Have you ever seen anything like this where they actually brought an assistant GM
down from the fucking front office to help the team out like this before?
No, I actually was talking to EJ Raddick about it today.
I'm sure it's happened.
And if it hasn't been publicly announced, it's probably happened in private.
But I can't remember anything.
I mean, there's a lot of Boston connections to Jersey.
That's why I root for them, not just Halsey.
John Hines, he played at BU
and then was a grad assistant there. And then he helped coach me when I was younger, like mass
hockey. He's a great guy that I really think knows what he's doing. I mean, right now it's a tough
start, but you think about all these other guys that Mike Greer is an assistant coach there.
Elaine Nazardine is the other assistant biz, our former teammate in Wilkes-Barre. I'm a first pro captain, an awesome, awesome teammate and guy.
So you hear that somebody else is getting called down,
and it kind of comes off as like a little odd
that they're going to add someone like right away.
But then Tommy Fitzgerald, it's like he's done it all.
He played forever.
He has coached before, I'm pretty sure.
He's been in like management.
So if he knows something that
could help I mean why not it's just it's just odd to see because I've never actually remembered that
happening prior but any help you can get when the team's struggling why not use it I mean if there's
no egos in the room you think that they're all going to at least get as many good hockey minds
together and try to figure out what's going on as a group. I would argue it's more of a we need to figure out
if this locker room has any type of chemistry,
and if it doesn't, who in fact are maybe some guys
that they need to get rid of.
There is some talk.
It would make a lot of sense.
You know what I'm saying?
Because it's a little different between the coaches
who may be on the hot seat.
Let me say something about that quick.
PK today drops his YouTube channel, and they haven't won a game yet.
It's like I'm not saying that he's like an issue or anything,
but it's just like timing sometimes.
So you see guys in the room like that.
That can't make a lot of people happy.
Do you agree with that, or do you think at this point it's fair to separate your personal
and your team life?
I'll say this.
When I was heavy on Twitter when I was with the Coyotes,
and sometimes I wasn't even in the lineup.
I might go six games without playing.
If we were on a three-game slide, I wouldn't be on Twitter joking around
and stuff.
You've got to pick your spots.
And especially for a guy making what he's making, yeah yeah i would say that it would be an internal discussion between him and his team not
not the the devils his his content team yeah hey let's put this one on the shelf until things can
turn around here and and we're not putting any more focus on the personal brand and it's more
so focused on the team brand so and maybe he's actually not even in charge of it. I don't know.
I'm not going to speak for when stuff gets posted,
but I assume he knows.
I think ultimately you have to be responsible
for what's going out through your channels,
and I agree with what you're saying, Whit.
But just going back to the Fitzgerald joining the bench,
I just think that something drastic may be coming.
They need to figure out what the problem is.
And, hey hey it might
be as much as him saying hey um hey shiro i don't think the coach's message are necessarily resonating
with the players anymore and something needs to happen there or hey i think there's a few bad
apples in here that aren't aren't in the right mindset and aren't the right team mentality in
order to help this team move forward so uh elliot friedman was talking today uh pretty vocally about the fact that if if this were to
continue for the first half of the season that taylor hall more than likely will be on his way
out considering he's set to be a restrict uh unrestricted free agent this summer and he even
mentioned that edmonton being a potential buyer. So I don't know if...
For them to throw that out there,
there's obviously some mutterings in the hockey world.
Well, and they have different brass there,
different coaching staff.
Things are a lot different than he would get to go play
with Connor McDavid.
So not saying that is the case,
not saying he would even want to head back to Edmonton,
but if Elliott Friedman's saying something about it, there's got to be some weight to it.
Yeah, it almost gives Fitzy a little bit of a peek behind the scenes
and gets a little more information he wouldn't get otherwise.
The Devils are the only team in the league without a win.
And then I watched them Saturday, man.
They're just not a team that looks like they're playing with a ton of passion right now.
Their Team D is messy, and you do got to think, I think looks like they're playing with a ton of passion right now. Team D is messy, and you do
got to think, I think they're on a six-game
homestand right now. If they don't come out of this with a couple
of Ws, then Hines' head might
be on the chopping block, so we'll have to keep an eye
on that situation. Switching
gears over to the Q.
It was a pretty big hit in the Q Friday night
that had the internet all abuzz.
It also earned a guy an indefinite suspension.
Peyton Hoyt of Val D'Or hits St. John's defenseman Cale McCallum behind the goalie.
Huge ruckus ensued.
Hoyt was given a five-minute major for checking from behind and a match penalty as well.
Like I mentioned, he's currently on an indefinite suspension until they determine what they're
going to give him.
And there's currently no timetable for the suspension.
I guess when it's indefinite, they can really take their time with it.
Shout out to Yahoo Canada's Stan Temming, whose report I'm referencing right now.
Biz, what do you think on the hit?
How much responsibility is on the defenseman?
Was this all on the forward?
What's your take on it, pal?
This is a pretty big hit a lot of people are talking about.
Well, we tweeted out the hit, so there's probably a lot of you who haven't seen it, right?
And in today's climate with the head injuries and stuff,
I feel like a lot of these talking heads like to make a big deal out of sometimes
when there's nothing there.
Now, this kid got suspended indefinitely.
For what I saw, you know what, maybe a couple games just to kind of settle things down.
But to me, the onus has to be on the guy getting hit there.
So I've watched it
over and over and over the the player for valdor he ends up going in and his job as a four checker
is to get in and establish that ice as fast as possible so wit and you know as a defender so he
can't get behind the net because once that defenseman gets behind the net he could just set
up it's going to probably be a clean breakout or the guy's going to chase him out and he's heading back the other way gotta
cut him off this gotta cut him off okay so what does he do he he sprints very hard to about the
dot maybe the bottom of the circle and and then he plants his feet at that point right there that
defender his feet are facing east-west.
So he's heading behind the net.
And as the Val D'Or player gets closer and closer,
the defender just turns and all of a sudden it's, you know,
chaos ensues, right?
One thing that didn't look great is the fact that as he went
and followed through with the hit, which I see,
it seemed to me he let up a little bit
because he did end up putting his arms up.
But to me, that was to more protect himself
as the defenseman kind of caved over
where he just kind of reached up and protected himself
by grabbing the glass.
So you can watch the video over and over.
I stopped the video about, I think the guy was about two feet away and his feet were still
facing East West.
So it would have been a clean hit if he just either stops and,
and,
and gets against the boards and takes the contact or fucking even just gets
rocked.
So I don't know what I watched it over and over maybe because the hands got
up,
but we only got the one angle.
So it is difficult to see whether in fact he did put his arms up to protect I watched it over and over, maybe because the hands got up, but we only got the one angle.
So it is difficult to see whether, in fact,
he did put his arms up to protect himself and put his arms against the glass.
But, I mean, I don't see a 10, 15-game suspension here.
I see maybe one or two to shut everybody up.
But onus has to be on the guys getting hit.
And you're seeing it more and more.
It's that victim mentality and people really taking advantage
of the climate
in the head injury situation in today's game.
Yeah.
Do we know how injured the kid is?
Is there any word about that, Mikey, or do we not even know?
I thought I read he played the next game.
Okay.
I'm pretty sure I read that.
Okay.
So if that's the case, then he definitely doesn't deserve that long of a suspension.
I just think if a guy was still out and who knows what was going on,
that's just what it's like now.
It sucks.
I mean, it's taking out the entire physical aspect of hockey.
I mean, it's slowly and surely becoming  I feel bad saying softer
because I was soft as shit.
I didn't hit.
I never hit.
So I'm being honest coming from somebody who would have loved this.
But nobody really hits anymore.
And if you do, you get punished.
Well, it's still part of the game.
But that's the perfect example of that kid pretty much did all he could
to not completely murder him.
He was gliding like pretty much like I don't want to say a number amount of feet
because I can't tell in the video, but
I wouldn't even say it was charging.
I just think the kid has to be better
at taking a hit. Giving a hit
is one thing. You have to learn how to take a hit too.
You can use the, I don't know
how hard that glass is, but
you can use the wall a little bit to protect yourself.
The worst thing you can do
is just turn at any point with your, like,
head and chest facing the glass.
I mean, it was awful to see the kid land there
because he actually looked really injured.
But for somebody to end up losing 20 games for that,
I don't agree with that either.
You've got to still be able to make a hit.
Well, either way, we'll keep you posted on any future developments with that hit.
Also, we do want to mention we have a pair of recurring guests coming back in a little bit.
Joe Vitale, who does color radio color for the Blues, and Robert, you know,
Bortuzzo, who just went to the White House the other day.
They'll be joining us in a little bit.
And speaking of blue, about blue jeans.
If you're an athlete, you know how hard it is to find clothes that fit you
well. The truth is men's clothes are not designed for guys with bigger asses and legs, especially
when it comes to jeans. Well, I have good news. The answer to your problems is finally here.
Mugsy jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us. Mugsy was started by a stoolie who was
tired of having his balls choked out in jeans. His goal was simple, reinvent men's jeans to look
good and feel outrageously comfortable. He spent five years working with industry experts and
athletes like former NHL player and Hobie Baco and a Blake Jeffron to perfect the fit and feel
of his jeans. The magic in Muggsy's proprietary denim, which is made from a bunch of high-tech
materials that make these jeans mind-blowingly soft and flexible.
And when I say flexible, I mean these jeans are so stretchy, you could hit the squat rack in them, no problem.
They're so comfortable, they make basic movements like sitting, bending, and kneeling feel like a dream.
No exaggeration, you want to sleep in these jeans.
It's like you're wearing nothing at all.
Even better, Mugsy's come in a stylish fit that's not too baggy but not too tight,
so you somehow look even better than you feel. Men's Health called Mugsy jeans the best jeans
for athletes for good reason. Take our word for it. Give Mugsy jeans a try and you won't be able
to wear any other jeans again. Mugsy is so confident you'll love their jeans. They do free
shipping and returns, so your comfort is 100 guaranteed.
Do your legs a favor.
Head to Muggsy.com.
That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out Muggsy's full lineup of jeans and safe-to-work chinos,
including new styles and sizes.
Use the code SPIT for 10 off.
That's a beer on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made by heading to Muggsy.com using the code SPIT.
Make sure you get those Muggsy jeans.
Speaking of uncomfortable boys, I don't think LA fans are too comfortable
when they have that Taylor Swift banner flying in the arena
when the Kings are playing.
I'm not sure if you caught this one.
Taylor Swift has a banner in the forum or whatever the place.
What do they call it?
Staples Center.
Staples Center. I'm sorry. Yeah, Taylor Swift, most sold in the forum or whatever the place, what do they call it? Staples Center. Staples Center, I'm sorry.
Yeah, Taylor Swift, most sold-out performances banner.
The Kings fans actually complained so much that the Kings covered up
for each game.
The statement from the Kings said,
the connection to our fans is our highest priority,
and through our engagement,
they have made it clear that the banner shouldn't be part of the Kings game
experience.
We didn't see an issue in covering it for our games and, in fact,
see it as an opportunity to show our fans that we hear them.
Dude, this story to me is just absolutely hilarious, huh, Biz?
I mean, who's got a bunch in MSG?
Is it Elton John or Billy Joel?
Billy Joel.
Yeah, Billy Joel.
So what was the problem?
Did they go on a big losing streak as soon as they raised it or something?
The article said the fans don't think it's a coincidence
that the Kings have failed to win a playoff series since the ban opened up.
The Kings won the Cup in 12 and 14,
as well as advanced to the conference finals in 13.
They finished with the worst record in the Western Conference
and second worst record in the league last season
I don't know if they're just blaming this
because of the way the team's gone
but like I said it's fucking hilarious
the problem
the problem is
is that Billy Joel sings the Downeaster Alexa
and some other jams
and Taylor Swift sings
big girls don't cry
what's that? no that's Fergie
I don't even know what Taylor Swift's saying.
She's got terrible music.
Billy Joel's got banger after banger.
We can hang his banner.
We don't need a Taylor Swift banner over our supposed-to-be-mean-and-fighting-black-hockey-team.
Come on, we'll get these sick unis, and we're supposed to be, like,
having a Taylor Swift banner behind us?
I'll say this.
I'm not going to say a goddamn word, because the minute the Taylor Swift banner behind us? I'll say this. I'm not going to say a goddamn word because the minute the Taylor Swift fans
hear that we are bashing her and her banner on our podcast,
you will be having tons of Taylor Swifties.
They call them Swifties flooding your mentions with.
They might even.
Hey, they can't get at me anymore.
Oh, yeah?
You don't think they're going to find out your address and come in waves?
You're going to be dealing with the 300.
All right, I take it back.
I take it back.
Ever seen the movie 300? It's going to be like that. They're going to be dealing with the 300. I take it back. I take it back. Ever seen the movie 300?
It's going to be like that.
They're going to be storming your house, your private estate just outside of Boston.
So I'm going to keep my mouth shut on this one.
I'm a Swifty.
Swifties, leave me out of this.
I don't know that I know one or two of her songs.
I'm not anti-Swift.
I'm just not a generational thing.
I'm not really. Soift. I'm just not a generational thing. I'm not really.
So she had a thing recently.
I didn't know if we were going to get into it,
but I guess we will now,
where Scooter Braun, I believe,
bought her catalog.
And I actually can't stand Taylor Swift.
I'll say it.
Just because every time she breaks up with a boyfriend,
she'll go bash him in a new song that she writes.
Yeah, that's what I was trying to say.
So she was pretty vocal about bashing the fact that scooter braun had bought her catalog
but it's just like hey if you wanted to own your music don't become a product of of of the of the
music business like the reason she is like she's a very talented girl i think she does write a lot
of her songs well then don't sign with a label
write your own songs and get as big as you have gotten now on your own well no she became a
product of the system got as big as she did and her songs have gotten massive they play on the
radio tons she has tons of fans well if if if you've made enough money you buy your own catalog
well it could because she didn't own it to begin with, so now she's kicking up.
Yeah, you're here because of us, like in a sense.
Correct.
And I think a lot of people forget that.
It's just like, well, I don't think anyone other than Swifties are feeling sorry for her
considering her net worth is probably out.
Just off the top of my head, I would assume minimum 300 million.
So whatever.
It's millionaires fighting with billionaires.
LA Kings fans don't want to hear that shit.
They don't want to hear that shit.
So anyway, that's all I got to say about that.
If you want to read up on it, you can do more research.
But there was a little riff between her and Scooter Braun
within the last few months.
Yeah, it's real simple.
Don't give up your songwriting royalties.
That's where all the money is.
So switching gears, we did mention a few minutes ago the stanley cup did go to the white house on
tuesday uh i think the guy who had the mic was trying to get a job at our place here when he
gave the announcement the potus accompanied by tom stillman and alex pertrangelo i'm like we've
heard some butcherings of alex petrangelo's name or peter angelo even we butcher but that was a
particularly special butchering.
You can hear a bunch of people laughing, too, as the chief plays.
What were you going to say, Biz?
Well, I was actually going to ask you, R.A.
Wasn't there a thing where  was it Michael Jackson bought the Beatles catalog
or was it the Beatles bought Michael Jackson's catalog?
Michael Jackson bought the Beatles catalog way back in the day.
And I don't know.
I know when he died.
I don't know if his estate's still owned it or what.
I'm sure this is probably some legal mumbo jumbo right now.
But yeah, you're right.
Jackson did buy the Beatles.
Yeah.
So I figured that you would know that was more of your era.
No offense.
No, that definitely is.
Well, either way, we had special chicklets correspondent Robert Bortuzzo
there for the scoop.
So what do you say, boys?
Want to send it over to, you know, Bortuzzo's way or what?
Let's do it.
This interview was brought to you by Black Buffalo.
Hockey is back in full swing, and we know a lot of you guys are dipping
on and off the ice.
Keep the ritual.
Ditch the tobacco with Black Buffalo.
If you've listened to Spittin' Chicklets or Bastu for the past couple of years,
you know a bunch of us use Black Buffalo.
It's because it's the closest thing to real dip that we've ever seen,
and we've tried it all.
It's everything you love about dipping, including pharmaceutical-grade nicotine,
just without the actual tobacco leaf or stem.
If you dip, you're 21 or over, and if you're not using Black Buffalo,
it's time to make the switch.
They sell exclusively through their website and ship to the U.S.
and Canada.
So use the promo code SC, SC like spit and chiclets,
for 25 off your first order on blackbuffalo.com.
Warning, this product contains nicotine.
Nicotine is an addictive chemical.
Well, folks, we got a spitting chicklets legend on,
setting all types of records last time he came on.
We have Robert, Bobby, you know, Ortuzzo.
Ortuzzo.
What's up, Bobby?
You know, you know, you know, he's back.
What's going on, buddy?
Boys, how's it going? Thanks for having me back.
Buddy, let's talk about that last time you were on.
Were you a little nervous?
Just a touch, just a touch.
But, I mean, I'm a character now.
I'm a recurring guest. Not a lot of guys can say that.
I'd say things worked out in my favor.
I got t-shirts, so, you know, it worked out.
I can't drop them now.
Hey, it worked out so good.
You won the cup.
You got t-shirts.
You're now on chicklets whenever you really want to be.
And you got one you know down.
There's a quick you know right there.
So we said that when you hit 25, interview's going to end.
But I feel like we're going to get through this nice and smooth,
getting to talk about your summer, getting to talk about the White House
visit, and overall getting to talk about how sweet
your life is right now, you know?
Well, you know,
no, it's good. It's good. Can't complain.
We had a huge visit yesterday. Boys had
a time.
Summer was great, and
like I said, I'm our current guest, so
thanks for having me back.
So, take us through yesterday, because obviously none of us have been to the White House because we're peasants.
What's the deal getting in there?
Security?
Like you have to give all this info before you go.
I mean, I'm just wondering if it was kind of a gong show even getting into the place.
So we all hop on the bus, passports, and then we get to the first checkpoint.
It's passports only. And then we get to the first checkpoint it's passports only and then we go
through another thing we're got we're getting escorted by a couple guys one guy was like a
navy seal ranger or something he was uh an absolute beast he took us all day and then we get to
another checkpoint and they do passports again and then um they had fabry's name wrong actually
his name felt wrong.
So we had to go to an extra security checkpoint.
We didn't see him for 45 minutes.
And then it was through another security gate, phones, everything.
You drop in, and then we were in.
And then it was time for the tour.
Were you, like, nervous, excited, anxious?
What was going through your mind during all this, Bob?
It was just a weird energy.
I don't know if we were nervous or excited.
It was just a combination of everything.
But it was just a cool feeling walking through it, you know,
when you're in the building looking out the front yard,
some of the views of the  what's the tall tower there?
Washington.
It was gorgeous.
That one.
It was cool. Like like i said it was just
a surreal feeling being in there and the energy we all had like everyone was pumped up our group
has an unreal time doing whatever we do and that was uh that was definitely what we had going on
well me and me and wit were gonna know the washington monument wit didn't even know
columbus day was for christopher columbus and he's a fucking American. Columbus is a scumbag, I heard.
A lot of criticism as of late about the type of food they're serving at the White House.
What did you guys have to eat?
We didn't get a thing.
We would have taken a little fast food at this point.
Fucking NHL.
I don't know what the deal was.
Like I said, everything was very scheduled.
We had to go to this time at that time and this room at that time.
So we were really not even thinking about it.
We had a late bus.
We had some lunch.
So it wasn't like there was going to be time to eat with the president
and do any of that.
So we weren't too concerned about it.
Did they give you a tour of the White House at all?
And if so, what was that like?
So we had, we came in and we got a tour of,
I want to say the East Wing. They took us through like the Red Room, a bunch of different rooms.
They had like a bunch of pictures of all these presidential portraits, which were actually
pretty incredible. You know, Lincoln and Washington, they had a ton of history that
everyone was pretty into,
and it was pretty cool to see.
We didn't get to see, like, the living quarters or any, like,
West Wing stuff really until we got to the Oval Office, obviously.
But it was very cool.
You know, this girl took us through, and guys had lots of questions,
and guys were taking photos.
At that point, we were allowed to have our phones.
So guys had pictures and whatnot.
It was pretty cool.
So we're not a political podcast.'re a hockey we're a bunch of hockey guys but it is pretty i
imagine pretty cool to meet the president united states say what you want about president trump
whatever i mean you got an awesome picture with the stanley cup that was in the oval office correct
yeah this was i mean like them hate them this was completely apolitical for our group this was
yeah we got we got 16 canadians on our team couple russians couple swedes and you know
few americans this was this was completely our chance to go to the white house um you know a
bunch of guys from small towns in canada who who are walking through the white house now and you're
meeting the president so that's what this was for us. And we got to meet him.
We went in the Oval Office.
And then he comes in.
He literally just starts talking about golf.
That's the first thing he comes out of the gate with.
Like, who's the long hitter?
Who's got the low handicap?
Just like wit.
Yeah, exactly.
Not to translate into golf.
Do you ask him if he cheats?
Because apparently he's the cheater at golf
uh no one brought it up no one brought it up but uh and then we all took a picture with him
behind him uh cool shot and then he was nice enough to take uh an individual shot with everyone
which which i don't think he had to do is you know he's he's got a lot of this on his plate to
say the least and so we'll have have that for the rest of our lives.
Yeah, he was definitely eager to talk about golf.
Did he fuck up any of the players' names?
Usually you can see some classic politicians messing up players' names
when they're reading them off.
So when we were outside, when he was doing his press conference
with us in the background,
he goes into a story about Schwartzy scoring
game one against Winnipeg,
and then out of nowhere,
he's just like,
he's like, where's Jason?
Let's get Jason up here.
And we're like, ah, it's Jayden.
So now Schwartzy's at the podium,
like presidential seal in the Rose Garden,
out of nowhere, has to talk right on the spot.
So he gets up there, and we're all cracking up,
because you know Schwartzy's the best guy ever.
But like out of nowhere, he's got to talk.
So he just kicks it over to Bozak, who's his partner, in golf,
and he says, that guy gave me the pass that I scored the goal with,
and we're undefeated in golf. And then he just at trump he goes if you got a partner we'll play at any time and
the place just erupts and everyone's fine it was he he absolutely killed it he absolutely killed it
and uh he called a couple other guys up there which i felt was pretty cool and um he just made
it very very fun for us like like i said it, it was apolitical for us as a group.
It was just our chance to have a blast as a group and, you know, enjoy the day.
Bozy's a bit of a degenerate on the golf course as far as gambling, isn't he?
We need a thing with him, Biz.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I don't know how you guys haven't had him on.
He's pretty good on the skinnies, and he don't mind throwing it around.
Let's put it that way.
I heard him and Phil Kessel used to bet baseball pretty heavy.
I mean, I don't know if he was.
No, you could throw one on the bus.
It's cool.
Like a Thursday night, it's like Hawaii against Tulsa,
and he's got something on that game or something.
He don't mind throwing it around,
but I'm sure he wins enough on the golf course to probably clear his earnings anyway, so more of his losses if you have any.
Bobby, talk to me about the day with the Cup, dude.
What'd you end up doing?
What was all, it must have been great to have that around family and friends.
What was your whole day like?
It was unreal, man. It was just another thing that was very whole day like it was unreal man it was just
another thing that was very surreal to bring it back to Thunder Bay um did some children's
hospital stuff uh you know which you know every guy seems to do which is pretty amazing I think
that's something pretty cool in our league that it almost has a little bit of tradition and then uh
brought it out on a boat took her out to the island at lake
sapir and had a bunch of boats tied up had a little party on the lake and then just had a little bash
uh out at a buddy's cottage and we we took her pretty deep we had the live band going that was
a good call by my mom and they uh it was a great day i was you know we ask anyone there
it was pretty special Did you eat or drink
anything unusual
out of the cup?
Everything was going on.
We had three Italians
go right before me,
so they all had pasta.
I'm like,
I can't do this now.
Gravy or sauce?
I'm a big,
I'm a big
cold cuts guy,
so I did like meat
and cheese tray
right out of the mug.
Chakootery?
Yeah. It was like sitting in,
it was like sitting in the sun too.
And it was like sweaty cheese.
Little gobble,
little gobble in the cup.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Hey,
did I see you got a girlfriend?
I do have a girlfriend.
I do have a girlfriend.
She's beautiful.
How'd you wheel that?
Congrats,
Bobby. Probably by winning the cup. Oh do have a girlfriend. She's beautiful. How'd you wheel that? Congrats, Bobby.
Probably by winning the cup.
Oh, the Stanley Cup?
Yeah, she likes the joke we met when we were in last place.
But, yeah, she was there.
She was there for the whole run.
And, yeah, she's a great girl.
But we had a good run. But, yeah, we're out the game now, buddy.
No, no, no.
We're not just glancing over your girlfriend.
How'd you meet?
Bumble?
Like most great couples, we met on Instagram.
Oh, that's the way to do it.
Exactly, exactly.
We always argue who came knocking on whose door,
but I'm pretty sure she came knocking on mine.
I don't blame her.
Fuck, she saw those Yemo t-shirts.
She's like, I can make some money off this guy.
She saw you beat the wheel off your teammate.
Actually, when we started dating, I did spit in chiclets,
and I never told her about it because, obviously, with the Yenos,
I sound like an absolute bozo.
So then she heard about the t-shirts and
she went back and listened to it and she's like, oh my
God.
I thought you knew
how to talk and like articulate your words
and so
anyway, she stuck around after hearing that
which is a good sign, I guess.
Well, it's great. I mean, that's our show
right there though. You come on, now you're one of our boys,
and we made some great content out of it.
So I think once she saw hockey players can laugh at themselves,
I mean, that's all you could ask for in a boyfriend or a girlfriend.
Jesus.
Right?
Right?
We were having a good time.
Steiner loves the, by the way, Steiner loves the Roberto Bortuzzo.
He likes to bring that one out once in a while with.
It's so true, though.
You were Roberto.
You still will always be Roberto for me, bud.
All right, perfect, perfect.
Robert, how wild was the summer overall,
and was it a lot much tougher to get back into game shape
when training camp rolled around because of all the partying?
I mean, I would say, like, the first four weeks, it was a whirlwind.
Like, it was nonstop.
And then after that, you took like a deep breath
and you're trying to get ready to go and you're focused
because you don't got a lot of time.
Fortunately, you know, I didn't have any injuries.
That's a big one.
You can go into the summer healthy.
I think as a group, we were pretty  like, guys were banged up in the playoffs but nothing too too crazy um
and then yeah you just kind of get into your preparations i do regret not going to a couple
more parties but like cup parties but you're honestly so gassed from like the playoffs and
then four weeks of of of just going. Um,
but yeah, it, it, it wasn't too bad.
I think we've been able to kind of hit the ground running here.
We have the same group, so it's, um, it's,
it's a little bit of an easier transition when,
when we have the same amount of guys in the same group,
kind of just hit and we know our systems, we're,
we're just going to kind of go. So, um, it was good. It was good.
I got to ask you about one of your buddies.
Joel Edmondson gets traded.
That's a tough one.
You win a Stanley Cup with him.
I know you guys were very close off the ice.
How hard was it saying bye to him?
And did you see his little spill there with the canes in his first game?
Oh, I saw the spill.
Eddie's sneaky, though.
I feel like he might have planned that, you know, get a little buzz.
Get the fuck out of here.
Seriously?
He's on to something, man.
He knows how to win over a city and win over a group of guys.
He's going to be  I mean, he's missed.
He was a huge part of our locker room.
He's a great guy. I think he's going to go over to that locker room.
He just has so many good leadership qualities.
He's going to have a ton of success over there.
He's best friends with a lot of guys here.
We've spent a lot of great years together.
He's over there.
He's playing a ton.
He's definitely another guy that's going to get paid.
I'm sure guys love him in that locker room because he was beloved in ours.
So you think Skateguard Gate was planned in order to win over the Canes' hearts,
the fans' hearts?
I mean, he's pretty good on social media.
I mean, maybe it's a bit of a stretch,
but I just don't get how you're walking on Skateguard.
What must have been going through your head?
Okay, and transitioning out of that, how is your new teammate, Justin Falk?
I mean, talk about a seamless transition.
Like, just another great guy.
You understand how he was like a leader on that team.
He's come in here.
He's fit right in.
A bunch of guys kind of knew him from a little bit Minnesota days
and whatnot, but he's made a seamless transition.
He gets along with our group.
He kind of, you know, it's no secret that we're a tight-knit group,
and he's kind of just another one of us.
So it's been good.
Okay, so one thing that we kind of  well, I'd say for about half of our fan base,
we taught them what money on the board means.
So Justin Falk ends up getting traded, signs a huge ticket with you guys.
He's trying to, you know, gain friends very early in that locker room.
What does he put on the board his first game?
It's got to be a team dinner.
Have you guys done  dinner was there for sure,
and then there was a little side bonus too.
Schenner put up a dinner with a little side bonus.
So we got some guys that will throw it around.
They know we like to get together as a team.
Yeah, we like to get together as a team.
And we just had a trip up in Canada,
and let's just say we are in the red in the fine fund right now.
But we'll build our back up.
Oh, that'll get back up there.
Hey, hey, who's the cheapest guy on the team?
I could see Pietrangelo.
Is that how you say it, Pietrangelo?
Don't ask the white guys.
You're worse than the guy.
Cheap guys always ask who else is cheap.
Actually, before we continue here, Grinnelli,
I want you to play the clip right now of the way the guy pronounced
Pietrangelo's last name.
Probably better than you.
Shut the fuck up.
Grinnelli, roll that clip. The President of the United States,
accompanied by Tom Stillman and Alex Bertrangelo.
He's auditioning for a job with us.
How do you say his last name?
Peter Angelo. Peter Angelo. Oh, that say his last name? Peter Angelo.
Peter Angelo.
Oh, that's fucking easy.
Not Petrangelo.
It's not a hard one.
Let's put it that way.
I like Petrangelo.
Petrangelo Pax.
Petrangelo.
Is he the cheapest guy on the team?
I mean.
That's such a shrivel.
Oh, that's such a little jab.
I mean, he doesn't throw it around i guess he's got triplets
maybe we'll say that he's got triplets at home he's saving okay he's got to save the call um
perfect excuse yeah yeah i thought that was a good excuse actually we're lucky we got guys that are
don't mind picking up tabs i think steiner's picked up more tabs than anyone I've ever met
in the game of hockey.
Shaner, Schwartzy, the list goes on.
Factor, guys like taking care of the boys, you know,
either on the league minimum or up to a mil, which I like to see.
Nice.
I wanted to ask you about the parade, man.
What's it like having, I don't even know what the crowd was,
we'll call it a million.
What's it like having a million people show up for you
just to look out and see that sea of people, man?
That must be a pretty powerful feeling, eh?
It was really hard to explain what the feeling was like
because no one had any idea of what we were walking into
or how it was going to go down.
But this city had so much pent-up desire for a win and a cup, and it all flooded out in that one day.
And we were all riding on our individual vehicles,
and, like, the way guys interacted with the crowd,
guys were hopping off their floats, and, you know,
guys were getting thrown beers, and you felt like a WWF character.
Honestly, that's the easiest, like, the best description I could think of
at the time was anything you would point to one side
and they'd go nuts and point to another.
We had people hanging out of buildings with their legs dangling from parking garages.
It was just such a unique feeling.
I think our team did an incredible job of mixing it up with the fans.
Like I said, we're thankful to the city for that turnout and making that day so incredible for us.
One guy I wanted to ask you about is actually not on the team,
but he's assistant coach Steve Ott.
I got to know him during one of the lockouts.
Great guy.
You know, fans used to hate when he was playing against their team
because of the way he played, but really happy to see him get a cup ring,
you know, being a part of the coaching staff.
He's such a good ball buster.
Is he still chirping guys all the time in practice?
I can kind of guess he probably has the same attitude around the team,
or has it changed a little bit with him now coaching?
I would say it's changed a little bit, but it ain't changed much.
He is him to his core.
He, you know, if there's no one that's going to change, it's Steve Ott.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
He's a true professional in every sense of the word as a player and as a coach now.
But there's no better guy to be around in terms of giving it to guys or keeping it light.
He just has such a great feel for, you know, what we need at times as an assistant coach.
And he works so hard with guys on the ice.
And, you know, I have no doubt in my mind he's going to be a head coach one day.
Really?
Yeah, I mean, it's just his desire just for winning
and his team mentality and that understanding for what that means
is, I think, pretty special.
But like I said, I had the pleasure of playing with him as a player
and sitting at the card table with him,
and that's been probably one of the most memorable times in my career.
And then now as a coach, to see that is pretty cool.
Like I said, he's changed, but it's hard for a leopard to change its spots.
Yeah, like I can picture if Roberto's out there firing grenades early in practice,
no one's better than Otter at being like,
holy fuck, buddy, what are you passing with right now?
But I also, I mentioned that it might be hard
for the player that ends up being in his position,
but I think it's smart for teams to start getting guys as coaches
sooner after they retire.
They still know the game.
They still know the room.
And in a sense, it's harder for those guys
because you can't really go out to eat with you guys anymore.
The relationships change. But in a sense, it's harder for those guys because you can't really go out to eat with you guys anymore. The relationships change.
But in terms of knowing the game, I think that the closer a guy is to playing
in the NHL, the better off it is to give him a chance behind the bench.
So glad to hear it's working out great for Otter.
Yeah, I agree.
You know, I think you see it a little more and more where guys are coming
right out and they're going right either to eye in the sky or they're grabbing
a job behind the bench because you sit out for four or five years the game could change honestly in
three years or five years uh it's i've been i've been this is 10 pro for me and i would say it's
changed two to three times uh well three in the american league so i didn't want to
that that takes away from it i assume
is it true you guys are going to petition the league to have larry flowers's name added to the That takes away from it, I assume.
Is it true you guys are going to petition the league to have Larry Flowers' name added to the cup?
That was started by Larry.
I'm shocked.
People thought he should have been standing behind the president.
Hey, I thought he made your guys' rings.
That is him on the side hoisting the mug.
He's hoisting it while showing a watch off
hey uh steener's steener's coming up on a thousand games uh
what are you guys going to chip in for the gift
uh i don't know what what guys are chipping in but i know everyone wouldn't mind doubling it
even you wouldn't mind paying for this guy's thousands of games,
as I promise you.
This guy's an absolute legend.
Like I said, he does so much behind the scenes
that no one would really even understand what he means to our group
and what he's meant to this organization.
He doesn't want me to go on and on about him,
so I won't, but I could.
And like I said, it's going to be pretty special to see when that
guy's able to do it and and when he does not bad for a guy who was a throw-in on the trade
seriously uh one last thing I want to ask you about is is the trip to Vegas you guys
in a pj in there after the parade paid for that plane uh well we had a bunch banged from our fine fund, and then
we all just kind of hummed in some cash, and
we
roped
Grinelli in for a night. Him and his
boys, Lord Luxury, you know, showed us
a good time at Omnia. We blew it out,
and I think
we went to the pool party at Republic the
next day. That was a blast.
I was there. I saw you there.
You don't remember?
Oh, yeah, you were there.
Yeah, we had the same shorts on.
So was Grinnelli celebrating like a Blues fan?
We've got a lot of contradictory information here.
I mean, what is Grinnelli?
Buffalo, Boston, Blues?
That's a great question right there.
That's what a lot of people ask.
Put your thumb to the wind.
I mean, it's easy to chirp when you're not going there to party with the cup.
Like, I'm sure a lot of people would have, you know, that night.
Thank you.
One team to the side to play with, party with the cup.
Come on.
That's what I'm saying.
You're probably a hard-o.
It's the same thing.
Exactly.
And if you didn't, you're a hard-o.
Did you touch the cup, Grinnelly?
No, I didn't touch the cup.
That's all right. I think that
flies. Bertuzzo, anything else
you want to talk about? No, guys.
Honestly, I thought I was coming to just talk about the
White House, but that was great. I appreciate the
little extra air time here. Guess who we got coming
on later in the episode?
Who do you got? Who do you got? The bread man.
Joe Vitale.
The real guy.
The recurring guest,
the most highly
listened to podcast,
Joe Vitale, right?
Hey, did you hear about him?
Well, actually,
I guess we'll save it
for the people to listen to.
He's got some big news
coming out.
Good, good.
He's a great man,
that Joe.
He would have me over
for pasta on the American League,
homemade pasta and bread. He was a good man, that Joe. Great have me over for pasta in the American League Homemade pasta and bread
He's a good man, that Joe
Well, so are you, you know
You're an absolute beauty
So I love the fact that you guys have started off
A little stronger than last year
And I think you're going to be a team to look at a repeat
We appreciate you coming on again, bud
Alright, thanks, boy, thanks for having me
Thanks, brother
Well, you know, once again Very thankful for Robert Bortuzzo joining us again,
a little recurring guest.
It was pretty fun catching up with him on the Garden Ice after the game.
It was pretty exciting to see all those guys fight it up,
and it was really fun handing him a T-shirt that said, you know,
that was definitely one of my favorite memories of that night.
I want to ask you two guys.
I know you've obviously been to D.C. a bunch when you've been playing,
but have you ever been there as a tourist?
Biz, let me ask you first.
No, I never ended up going out.
A bunch of the guys when I played there went on those segues.
Shane Doan had all the older guys.
They ended up buzzing around town doing the touristy thing.
But I'm not the tourist.
I'm more about the nightlife, the food, the restaurants,
and meeting people. Well, plus, I'm more about the nightlife, the food, the restaurants, and meeting people.
Well, plus, I mean, you're a Canadian, too,
so you're not going to have the same interest in probably American history
as an American would, too.
What about you, Whit?
I'm not much of a learner.
Or a reader.
Or a thinker.
So I went on an eighth-grade field trip, but I don't remember anything.
I was just thinking about stickhand and snapping it tape to tape,
like my next game.
But I did one game with the Panthers.
That was the end of my career.
I was a healthy scratch talker.
And I went and just walked around all the monuments.
And it was incredible.
Like you get to the vietnam
memorial oh my god like then uh the lincoln memorial it's actually unreal and it's like
not even that spread out right you it doesn't it doesn't it doesn't take like that long to like
walk past and see all these things but you all of a sudden find yourself standing at staring and
reading stuff for like 20 minutes so i did it one time and I would actually love to go back and do it again.
Yeah.
I went a few years ago.
The old lady took me for a birthday present.
I think you got to go back a few times.
There's so much stuff,
not just the memorials,
but even something like the Smithsonian where you don't,
you don't have to have a title American history just for,
just for all the shit they have in there.
It's pretty interesting.
All right.
You seem like you're a big history guy. Do you, do you do a lot of sightseeing when you visit towns
uh i try to especially a town like dc i think with dc business it's almost more of like paying
your respects more so than a tourist thing like you know going to the vietnam vietnam memorial
world war ii memorial they're just very sacred solemn places and um you know arlington national
cemetery actually i had one of the most craziest things ever.
I went to Arlington National Cemetery with the wife, sort of doing the tourist thing,
paying the respects, and come to find out that my family name is actually on a stone
at Arlington National Cemetery that I had no fucking idea about.
My great-great-uncle was killed on USS Maine.
I believe it kicked off the spanish-american war
like 1899 and what happened was they the soldiers and sailors who were killed they went back and
disinterred them they took them out of the ocean brought them back to dc and buried them there
and they were the first soldiers or airmen killed overseas to be buried in arlington national
and my uncle was statistically 90 because they don't know every single body
they took out.
But there's about a 90 chance that my great-great-uncle was buried at
Arlington National, and I had no clue about it until I went there.
It was an incredibly moving day for me, I'll tell you that.
Nice.
Wow, that's pretty cool.
Yeah, it was a pretty intense day.
But, hey, boys, how about that fucking little handshake with Bennington
and Trump?
Looked like Bennington was giving him all the alpha shake back.
You having to catch that wit?
Just an unreal move.
And with what Bertuzzo told us about Schwartzy calling him out for a match,
I mean, the boys just gave it to Trump.
It was a classic, classic day, it seems like, that they had.
I mean, Bennington's been cocky from the start, boys, but he backed it up.
You can be that way when you're that good.
And he came in and remember at the beginning, what was the first thing he did last year?
The video was like, do I look nervous?
Just that's just set the tone.
And he's got out.
He alpha dog the president.
That's I mean, you have that on your resume forever.
Boys. Well, our next guest, we have that on your resume forever. Oh, boys.
Well, our next guest, we had him on already once before, Joe Vitale.
He's the radio color guy for the Blues.
I think he really opened up a lot more in this interview than he did the first time, needless to say.
I think we should send it over to him now, boys, because this was a riotous one.
Yes, it was.
This is just cold.
This kid's beautiful.
All right, without further ado, we're going to send it over to Joe Vitale.
Hey, buddy.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing, buddy?
I'm doing excellent.
How are you doing?
I'm doing well.
Let me kick you over to the boys.
Should we just keep that in?
Just let this thing roll?
You don't need an intro, do you, Joe?
That's the perfect intro because he's so just full of life, this guy.
Joey, how you been? Hey, hey. Who's this? This is Whit. This is Whit't need an intro, dude. That's the perfect intro because he's so just full of life, this guy. Joey, how you been?
Hey, hey.
Who's this?
This is Witt.
This is Witt.
How you doing, dude?
Hey, guys.
I'm doing awesome, man.
The weather's finally turning in St. Louis.
It's not so freaking muggy and miserable.
Oh, yeah, because it gets humid there in the summer, doesn't it?
It's gross.
Yeah, it's disgusting.
It's one of those cities where you don't, sometimes I think, I love St. Louis,
but I don't know why I live here,
because the winters are so brutal
and then the summers are so sticky.
It's just, but you deal with it.
Make sure you're talking to that mic nice and clear, too.
You don't want to fuck up our interview.
Now, Joe, probably-
I don't have a mic.
Well, in the phone mic.
Good call, Joe.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, not good call.
There's a microphone in that phone right now.
I can guarantee it.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm on it.
I'm not a rocket Scientologist, but I know that there's definitely a mic in that phone.
Now, probably part of a big reason why you left town and went on your little European vacation.
All of a sudden, you're an Instagram model.
I see you posting every day on there.
Do you write that trip off because you're posting pictures every day?
Some of that.
No.
We planned this trip a long time.
I wanted to get there with my family because I still have family in Sicily.
And my wife and I decided that, hey, this summer might be a good summer to do it.
We had no idea the boys were going all the way to the Stanley Cup final,
let alone win the whole thing.
So we planned this in January when we were in dead last place.
Get the fuck out of here.
I'm telling you, this has been the biggest mayhem of a summer ever.
So, yeah, we go in July.
But the best part is, well, not really the best part,
I knock my wife off again for the first time.
No.
I'm looking at the five of you, the three kids that are older right now.
You got another one coming?
Okay, yeah, let me back this up.
So we have three kids.
I'm happy as a clam.
I'm actually in Scottsdale.
I get a vasectomy, and we're done, right?
So last April, like six months ago, we had that little break between rounds one and two.
We go down to Florida for a couple days.
The kids are running around on the beach, and my wife and I are like,
God, this is great.
Why didn't we have more kids?
And we're like, okay, so what do I got to do?
So I go to get a reversal.
Oh, come on.
Right when the season ends.
Because we could have done in vitro or some other options,
but they're like 30,000.
I got the NHL insurance, but I don't think that's going to cover it.
So I go to get a reversal right when the season ends.
I go to get it done, and I had no idea.
It's like a six-hour procedure.
Oh, yeah, getting it the other way is far more painful, I hear,
and far more expensive.
You've got to rebuild the swim effect.
They just want to make sure, like, you sure about this?
That's why we're going to make it that way.
Yeah, so I was on the table for six hours. They just want to make sure, like, you sure about this? That's why we're going to make it that far. Yeah.
Yeah.
So I was on the table for six hours.
And he didn't tell me that until, like, I got to the table.
And then I started getting all freaked out. I'm like, damn.
I started having, like, panic attacks.
Like, am I going to live?
Am I going to survive this thing?
And then literally the best part of all this is I'm waiting to go into surgery.
I got, like, my hat on, my scrubs.
My wife's getting a little antsy.
So you're giving birth now.
Exactly. To new life new life like it flipped when the curtain comes she comes across and this lady is there it's like hey joe
i go hi he goes my name's donna i go hi donna she goes you don't know me do you know she goes
my kids go to your school like where my kids go to school she's a mom at our parish and she's like
i'm gonna be your scrub nurse for the next six hours like working on your dog to school she's a mom at our parish and she's like i'm gonna be your scrub
nurse for the next six hours like working on your dog oh so that's when you got the news broken about
the six hours yeah no yeah i know so before surgery she she tells me this whole thing i'm
like oh my god i gotta make i gotta fluff it up before surgery gotta make it look good because
she's gonna be telling all the moms in the parish about this thing so now i'm super nervous and then
the more nervous i'm getting, the smaller it's getting.
So I was super worked up.
But all in all, surgery was great.
My back was numb for like four weeks.
My body didn't move for six hours.
I got this big trunk.
I know I got a little off track here.
But, so, yeah, she was pregnant.
So I got my wife pregnant four weeks later.
And the doctor's like, you know, hey, after surgery,
you're probably looking at like six months for sperm to kind of be visible in your ejaculation but come back but come back in
four weeks and we'll check it out so i do and he guys he goes yeah take a look and look on the
microscope and there's like these little sperms swimming everywhere i mean they're buzzing
a bunch of mitch marner's out there just flying around. He's snapping it. A bunch of grinders.
Oh, my God.
I went out drinking that night.
I was so jacked up in juice.
A week later, like four weeks after surgery, she's pregnant.
So we did the whole Italy trip and the title back in Italy.
We did the whole Italy trip, and she was, like, puking and throwing up.
I'm carrying kids, like, sticky gelato kids up all these stairs in Positano.
Oh, you guys are hitting up
every gelato spot.
That and you guys are making your own pizza
some places. And I don't know
if we talked about this last time you were on.
Did we talk about you making
bread?
We didn't talk about that too much, though. No, we didn't
hit on that. You actually asked me after.
So Panarin's not the
bread man. You're the bread man.
And get into how the fact you learn how to make bread.
And you make like, we're not talking Wonder Bread here, folks.
We're talking A-class bread.
Yeah, so I appreciate that, Biz.
Yeah, I'm the original bread man.
Not a lot of people know that.
They call me that a little bit in Arizona.
But so when I got my concussion, we went through that last time I was on with that fight with Kevin Miller.
And I'm going through this phase of struggle, and I'm a narcolep, and I'm sleeping at night.
And meanwhile, I'm up trying to stay busy, but I can't make noise because my kids are all sleeping.
So I've always enjoyed baking.
I was like, well, okay, maybe at 2 in the morning I could just, like, start making bread.
So I started doing that.
And then I realized that there's this whole, like, natural fermentation, like yeast growing from the earth and the germs and the air and baker's hands and so that kind of turned into
like the sourdough kind of obsession and then I had this like phase I had this like two month
window when I moved back to St. Louis where we were all settled and I don't know what came over
me but I was like I told my wife I was hey I want to go to San Francisco and I want to learn how to
bake like the best damn sourdough bread out there because that's where they're baking
the best bread, like, in the world.
I'm not talking, like, the country, the world in San Francisco.
So I got ahold of this, like, world-class baker.
I was like, hey, man, I'm from St. Louis.
I'm a nobody, but I would love to come out there and just, like,
stage underneath you, stage basically like apprentice.
So I was his apprentice.
I worked, like, 16-hour days.
We slept from, like, 6 p.m to like 10
p.m you're like uh midnight the girl and kill bill you go off to like uh the jungle in china
or wherever and and you just like you have to like chop your put your hand through a big piece of
wood and only eat rice and you can only sleep two hours it's like going to the army exactly i mean
this is what it was like it was like it was
like a boot camp and and i was so honored that he took me under his wing but i just learned to
bake bread out there i turned into a complete california had like a tie-dye shirt and birkenstocks
going to the bakery every day and it was a it was a weird time in my life where i think you guys
could both you know you talk to so many players who retire, and you guys can relate to this.
When you stop playing, you've got to fill that space in your mind with something.
You've got to move.
You've got to move.
You've got to keep moving, and that was the direction I went in at the time,
and maybe it wasn't the most productive or the best, but I really loved it.
I enjoyed every second, but it definitely kept me out of trouble. Well, Joey, I mean, we talked about it last time you were on.
By the way, we'll talk about this after.
You were our most downloaded episode.
That's how much people love you.
No, I'm dead serious.
We've had Sidney Crosby on, not a big deal.
Nathan McKinnon, not a big deal.
Austin Matthew, again for the second time, not a big deal.
But you were the most downloaded.
And one thing that really resonated to me that you said to us was that when you were at home,
and this was probably after the bread situation where
your wife convinced you to go out and play pickup hockey and that's how you ended up getting the
St. Louis job where now that me and Whit we're doing this I get a lot of I have a lot of talks
with guys and and you know they're like well you know maybe some advice for for finding something
and becoming passionate about it again and I always go back to your episode I said man get
out of the house put
yourself in situations that you might have not not have not have not have excuse me because you know
when you're just staying at home nothing's just going to materialize from you sitting on your
couch and and you went out and thank god your wife said something and that's how you ended up
filling that void now you're you're going in your second year as a broadcaster with the St. Louis
Blues and you get you guys end up winning the Stanley Cup in your second year as a broadcaster with the St. Louis Blues, and you guys end up
winning the Stanley Cup in your first year.
Yeah, you know, it's been
a crazy journey, Biz. I appreciate you
saying that. It's funny, I see
guys on the street. St. Louis
is a small community, and even in
Boston, after I did the episode,
I used to be known as a
hockey player, and now people kind of
knew me as maybe Joey the Broadcaster.
And I get more comments about me being on your guys' show
than any other comment across the board.
Like, hey, Joey, listen to that spitting chick.
Sweet job, dude.
So to you guys, to your credit, I mean, you guys are doing such a cool thing.
And people are listening.
You guys have a great following in St. Louis.
But to your point, Biz, about all that, you're right.
I think I fell into a rut where you thought that life was just going to hand you something.
And you realize that if you want anything, you've got to just go out and take some weird
turns and meet some weird people and grab it.
And you never know what's out there.
But until you get off your fat ass, as my dad told me, you'll never know.
Now you're going to be known.
You went from being a hockey player to known for our podcast.
Now you're going to be known for your bread because we're going to open up a bakery in St. Louis,
and we're going to expand that fucker.
We're going to make some money.
We're going to be like the  you're going to be like the King James with the Blaze pizza.
Trust me.
There's not a lot of
You could start making pies too.
Well, there's not a lot of money in bread, I will tell you that.
I think I was selling my loaf for like five bucks a pie.
But there's a lot of dough in it.
You were bragging.
From the day I met you, you were bragging about your grandma's marinara sauce and meatballs.
So Italian.
I remember him saying that, and I'm like, dude, I don't give a fuck about your peppercorn,
your meatball sauce, or whatever it is.
Just get the puck deep, you liability.
Turn it over at the far blue line and get me yelled at.
I was the guy with the van.
Hey, you know what I was thinking about the other day, Biz?
Remember when I showed up in Wilkes-Barre?
You remember my automobile that I had with me?
That was a shit box.
My automobile.
Still not as bad as Tim Wallace's, though.
Automobile?
Did he say automobile instead of car, Joey?
Yeah, he's a weirdo.
I don't know.
That's what they say in St. Louis.
That was crazy.
No, I had that big van.
Do you remember that big van?
Oh, yes, yes.
So at university, he bought one of those...
Minivans?
No, like the ones that...
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I was at the university.
I didn't have a car because I was in Boston,
but then I told my mom and dad I'm going to Wilkes-Barre,
and I was like, do you have a vehicle, mom and dad?
And they had this spare car.
It was this caravan, like a huge
Cobra, like a convertible, like a
fast-food, turned into a van. And my dad
was like, well, we got the van. Do you want the van? I can
have that shipped up. And I said, yes.
And I started thinking, I didn't
know what I was doing.
It was a tough one to come into. You open yourself
up, everyone's like, see the guy with the van?
He won a contest.
What was the van that was made famous by PMT when they cruised around in it?
Vanny Woodhead.
Vanny Woodhead.
It was a Vanny Woodhead.
Yes, exactly.
I pulled in the parking lot, and there's like BMWs and Mercedes and Tahos,
and I'm like, oh, fuck.
I think I remember trying to convince you to bring it out to Arena Bar and Grill.
So if I ever could pull out of there, I could fuck them in the van as opposed to driving home to whatever shitty apartment complex we were staying at.
It was probably nicer than my apartment, to be honest.
You actually, you told me you were going to borrow it for the weekend.
And you're like,
Hey,
can I borrow this?
I'm trying to wheel this chick.
I kind of want to see her reaction when I pull up to her house in this van.
And I even said,
okay,
yeah,
the weekend is fine.
But if you remember,
you got cut like the next night and then you shipped off to Pittsburgh to get
that surgery.
So it never really panned out.
Oh,
that was when I had the guy step on my wrist.
Yeah,
that was fucked up.
You got a question.
You got a sewer pass.
No, I was wondering.
We haven't seen you since the last time in Boston when you ended up pretty much perfectly describing
what the Blues were going to have to do to win that series.
So you got to tell me the celebration, everything winnings exactly as the way you thought.
Were you a part of everything after the next few days, all the nights out and all that?
And how was your Stanley Cup party?
Well, you know, it was interesting because I didn't know how it would all pan out, me being like a broadcaster now.
Because you're kind of in a weird spot.
You know, because you are a part of the team.
But you're not.
But you're not the team.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's like, huh.
So I just kind of let it ride, let it play out.
I didn't know how it was going to happen.
So they win game seven.
I'm down in the locker room.
I'm down in, like, the hallway area at TD Garden.
And all of a sudden, David Perron comes out into the hallway
and starts screaming.
He goes, Curbs, Joey V, get in the locker room.
Let's go.
And I come.
We're like, oh, shoot.
Okay.
So we come in the locker room, and the players were, like,
just soaked in champagne.
And they, like, saw us, and they were like, yeah!
And they went nuts.
That's so cool.
And to me, that set the tone for how we were going to be involved with this thing all summer long.
And so my point of the whole story is that, you know, when Colton Brake goes, like, pouring champagne in a cup
and then bringing me in, and my suit just got doused in champagne like it's to the credit of the players that they made us as involved as we've
been this summer especially with like the parade and the post party and we got back to St. Louis
and and we I never want to ever cross that line and step on their toes because it's their moment
but this group of guys I mean the whole all the group Steiner and O'Reilly and Petro I mean they
just they've done such a
good job, like,
including everyone in
it, and it was a
special moment for
sure that night, and
it's been a special
summer.
Joe, I'm Ray here.
I think I actually
haven't seen you since
Game 7 down on the
ice after when I gave
you a congratulations.
That was a great
scene.
It was an unreal
series, and like Biz
said, you called it
perfect.
So what did you end
up doing with your
day with the Cup?
Anything out of the
ordinary?
Anything wild?
Did you eat any
weird food out of it?
Oh, it was grandma's fucking marinara sauce.
No, I made bread out of it.
I put it in the oven.
We dipped the coffee in the gravy.
It's funny, R.A., because I remember seeing you between periods.
You probably didn't know this, but you thought I was probably just, like,
bullshitting with you and shooting the shit and killing time.
I really was, like, listening to you listening to you and your interpretation of the game.
I would use it on the broadcast.
You would say something that kind of fell behind.
Oh, my God.
I swear.
You just stroked him off.
He's going to be reminded of this every day while we're here this week, Joey.
I remember when Binnington made that save in the first period on Marshawn
and caught his armpit.
At the first period in the mission, like,
Joey, I'm telling you right now, it's the magic.
You guys got it.
That bounce.
You're getting the bounce right now.
Wow, you knew.
You had a bad feeling then.
Yeah.
Once I got the second goal, I was like, that's it.
Like, I mean, I usually don't say that in a hockey game,
but that game, it was it.
I had the similar feeling when I watched that Boston-Vancouver series
in Boston's production.
It was a very similar way it all played out. St. Louis
bullied the Bruins like the Bruins bullied the Canucks.
Hey, so it's funny now.
I kind of interrupted as you were telling your day
with the cup. Sorry. Well, we don't really care.
It was kind of a filler question. No, it's really
actually not that spectacular.
So there's actually rules with the cup. You have to have
your name on the cup to lift it, eat out of it,
drink out of it. Says who?
Unless you're all right.
My day's actually coming on Wednesday.
I got it in a couple days.
I'm taking it to my kid's school because I only have it for a couple hours.
All the broadcasters are splitting it that day,
which is extremely generous in St. Louis Blues.
Because some teams, broadcasters get it and sometimes they don't.
So they said, you guys get it for this day, split it up however you want.
I'm just bringing it to my kid's school and and to be honest with you guys i feel terrible
saying this but you know you know the sanic cup to me at this point given all the celebrations
it's almost like you see the parties like i was at the owner's house the other day for another
party you see it and you're just like oh there it is again like you know it's like you don't you
don't realize it but it's not as maybe special because it's been everywhere you see it so much
there's so many parties you know what i mean so it's just one of those things where you just kind of get
accustomed to seeing it. Like, you know, we were like, if you ever go to Disney World,
you ever see Animal Kingdom? Like the first time we see the Animal Kingdom, there's like giraffes and
elephants on your balcony and you're like, oh my God, this is like the coolest thing in the world.
And then like after day two and three, you're like, oh, honey, the elephant's been knocking.
It's like two and nine.
Hey, Joey, let's not joke around here.
We know why you're bringing the cup to your kid's school because everyone there knows how big your dick is after the night.
I saw it during the reverse.
I was like, come on here, dude.
We're trying to pull here, Joey.
You pay attention when people talk.
You know, you're good.
This is the big dick radio analysis of the club champs,
and he's bringing us Lord Stanley.
Tyson Nash's wife was joking around about it recently
because he had a buddy in town, and he said,
oh, so what should we do?
And Nash was like, well, if there's one thing you're doing,
it's you're dropping the kids off at school with me
because the way you see all these mothers cruising around in Lululemon,
all of a sudden you think you're going to drop your kids off at school
and it's the fucking Met Gala and you're fucking, you know,
you got a little fucking blood flow in your cock at region
and all of a sudden those Lululemons are benefiting you.
Hey, Joe.
No comment for it.
Yeah, I don't blame you.
Joe, we got to give you congratulations.
Over the summer you were inducted into the St. Louis Amateur Hockey Hall of Fame,
so we want to give you big props for that.
That must have been
a nice accomplishment for you,
right?
You asshole.
Oh, yeah.
It was really special.
Curbs did the MC
and Baz McCray and I
were having a cool talk
at the top.
He was one of the other inductees.
You know, it was a cool moment.
My kids, they're at the age now
where they're starting
to kind of get all this,
so it was great for them
to be a part of it
and see kind of like
where it has been
over the last eight years. Because I know
he's been gone, but they only put it together.
It was a cool moment, absolutely,
without a doubt. Nice. I want to
go back to Italy. What parts of Italy did you go to?
We never really got to that.
So we went to Rome for
a week. And if I could do it all over again,
I would just spend a month in Rome.
I really enjoyed Rome. We took the kids
to the Colosseum.
I don't know what that is.
I saw the movie Gladiator
to put things in context.
I'm pretty sure they were scarred
for a couple weeks.
Heads getting chopped off.
That's good parenting right there.
I had no idea how else
to help them understand.
Imagine people getting killed
for entertainment.
It didn't make sense to a six-year-old.
So we showed them Gladiator.
That was a bit of an experience and a little bit scarred,
but we moved on from that.
They loved the Coliseum.
We went to Rome.
We went to Capri, that island in the middle of nowhere,
which is like paradise.
We did the Positano.
We did all the Amalfi Coast.
Oh, wow.
And the hardest part was towards the end of it,
we went to all the Amalfi, which is, if you guys have been there or not,
it's all like cliffs.
It's all stairs.
And I, again, my wife's like at our Airbnb like puking,
and here I am just like shuffling kids up these stairs where it's got gelato
all over their bodies.
Bag full of fresh swimmers.
Oh, man, I know.
I was feeling good at that point.
But, no, it was one of those things where it was just a great time,
a lot of wonderful memories.
But I was happy to get home without a doubt.
Your wife is such a trooper.
I'm telling you, man.
Put up with me every day and they do all that.
Well, hey, no changes for the Blues either, dude.
We were just doing the Central Division preview last night,
and it's funny that you say, well,
they won the Cup, they don't really have to change much, and Patrick Maroon's gone, but
for the most part, you see the same team that won the Stanley Cup with, and our big thing
was that Robert Thomas in that second year, a couple of those younger guys could make
even bigger leaps.
Have you seen that throughout camp so far?
Yeah, I think so.
I mean, from a hockey standpoint, watching these guys just one week into training camp,
these kids, they look like they're in mid-season form right now.
I mean, there's no hesitation in anything that's being done.
Craig Berube's got the lines almost together, set and ready.
I was talking to some of the players on the side.
I'm asking them, hey, how are you?
I'm thinking they're going to say, oh, I'm exhausted.
Oh, I can't believe it's so quick.
I could use a little more time off. I expected some of that. It's been nothing like that. It's been like, oh, I'm exhausted. Oh, I can't believe it's so quick. I could use a little more time off.
I expected some of that.
It's been nothing like that.
It's been like, yep, ready to go.
I mean, short summer, good summer, ready to get back after.
I mean, really, the leadership qualities in this group is pretty remarkable.
Ryan O'Reilly was on the ice.
I mean, every day he's been out there.
Like, the Zamboni guy just finally had to kick him off a couple practices ago.
The doors come swinging open.
They're like, hey, dude, we've got to get these like kids on the ice they're paying 300 bucks an hour we got to get you off or whatever he said i'm not sure but like all rise
out there constantly i mean bladdy looks sharp petro looks good bittington started a full game
a couple nights ago when we play the columbus blue jackets he got the w he looks good and ready to go
i mean but then again you look at the the Central Division, I don't know.
Through a dart, I don't know.
It's so hard to think what's going to happen or how it's all going to pan out.
It's such a crapshoot sometimes because you look at every team,
and to me, every team aside from Winnipeg is fully capable of winning the division right now.
And that could change with Winnipeg, too, any day if they sign a couple guys
or get a couple trades or whatever.
But, I mean, Dallas is super strong.
I'm probably more scared of Dallas right now.
Yeah, Witt said he's going to make a lot of money gambling on them this year.
I believe it.
No, I'm serious.
I was talking to Panger about this the other day,
and you look at the two veterans they bring in,
they're going to add some kind of grit for playoff time.
And, I mean, that Haskinen, Lindell, and Klingberg,
I mean, those three guys alone.
You probably just listened to our Central Breakdown episode before.
Now you're stealing all our fucking thoughts, aren't you?
Listen, it's not rocket science, Fiz.
I mean, you know.
Thank God.
Thank Christ it ain't.
We wouldn't be doing this.
We wouldn't be doing this.
I was just fucked with you.
But I did want to, when we were doing the central breakdown,
we got on St. Louis as a subject,
and I said what makes him scary is people are forgetting that
they got the job done with a couple of these up-and-comers
that I don't think have hit the ceiling.
Now, who do you think of that young group of guys
is going to excel the most and is popping out in camp right now?
And a follow-up question to that is how is Robbie Fabry looking?
Because when we went to camp with him the one year,
he looked like he was the next Johnny Goudreau.
And obviously with the injuries, he's recessed a little bit.
Do you think he can get back to that level of play?
I think he can.
I think Robbie has the attitude.
I think he's got the persona. I think he's got the persona.
I think he's got a healthy amount of, I would say, cockiness,
in a good way I mean that,
where he can kind of look at all the people that are doubting him
and he can overcome it and he can be a terrific player
and a longtime player in this league.
And I've talked to him on multiple occasions here over the last year
and I've had a couple conversations with him here in camp so far this year
and he just seems zeroed in.
He seems locked in, very businesslike.
He was chugging down Pedialyte before his second preseason game.
He was playing at center.
He was excited about that because he can just kind of free wheel a little bit,
maybe less position.
And I think because of his speed, I like to see him maybe more in that spot.
Robbie Fabry, without question, is
one of the quickest kids on this team. He's got
that speed, even with the double ACL injury.
I think he could have such an impact.
I know he's on a one-year deal.
He's a bit on a tight leash,
I would say, because of, given the injury
situation, how last year went.
You can't blame Doug Armstrong for that.
At some point, you've got to move on for a player. I think he
understands how important this camp is, how important this year is.
But he is doing everything in his power to get back to the game that he knows he can play.
And his attitude's been terrific.
So I'll start there with Robbie.
Sammy Blais.
Yeah, Sammy Blais has been great.
I really enjoy Sammy.
He's this French kid with this thick body.
He moves guys around.
He's kind of like a little bit smaller version of a Pat Maroon.
He can hit.
He scored a terrific goal the other night in Columbus' preseason game.
He was playing top-line minutes with Schwartz and Chen.
So Sammy Blay is a good person, a good candidate to serve that second,
third-line role, maybe with O'Reilly and Perron.
Zach Sanford had a terrific year last year,
up and down a little bit in the playoff.
He's been looking good in preseason.
I've been reading a little up on him,
and he was a stud in the finals.
Yeah, he was great.
And he's a big body.
He's got really good hands.
He's really good and tight around the net.
Like for a big guy, I mean, his hands and his skill set,
I think with the BC maybe for a couple years.
Quiet kid, really good kid, well-liked around the room. He's another one.
I mean, Clem Costin's making a little bit of noise.
You probably saw him in the world world championships last year for Russia.
He's been having a good, really solid camp.
Jordan Cairo is a little banged up still, but other than that, I mean,
those are, those are some pretty, pretty,
a good group of guys where you're looking at a couple,
really only a spot or two to fill. And it's good competition.
It's good competition for those spots right now.
And so far, knock on wood, everyone in the Blues is healthy.
So it's going to be a fight.
It's going to be a dogfight to see who earns that spot come opening night
against the Capitals.
Joe, what do you think the biggest hurdle for the Blues is when it comes to
trying to pull off the back-to-back?
You know, I think the biggest hurdle for the Blues, and I hope I'm wrong,
but I worry that they had such a good year last year in aspect to injuries.
There weren't a lot of injuries for the Blues.
There weren't a lot of, like, stars going down for months.
You look at their playoffs.
I mean, compare it to the San Jose Sharks.
Remember that game in Game 6?
I mean, Carlson's done.
Pavelski's out.
I mean, they had so many of their stars.
A little bit of luck involved for sure.
Yeah, biz, luck, magic, call it what you want.
But they really managed to stay healthy.
And I thought that was so important, not only in the regular season,
but especially in playoff.
They did not miss a lot of games because of injuries.
Now, my concern with that as well this year is maybe not because luck alone,
but also if you look at how late they play.
Yeah, short off-season, can't get the upper muscles.
One aspect of the training is the posterior chain.
You need that off-season in order to gain the muscle on the back end
so you're not getting off balance.
And when you don't have enough time to do that,
things fall apart the next season.
What do you call that posterior
what now posterior chain it's just like you you're hunched over working all the front muscles all the
time like a lot of hockey players are quad dominant so you gotta so that tightens up the
hip flexors big reason why like a guy like matt nickel who's on the forefront of hockey training
he doesn't like the bike he's like get off the bike what are you doing you're just tightening
muscles that you're tightening over the course of the season you're not benefiting yourself i think
we talked about it with uh andy o'brien as well but you know it's it's one of those things where
we didn't know 15 years ago that's that's the reason i was doing back squats all summer whereas
you know posterior change the way to go brah man i'm just taking notes i'm gonna put that in the
broadcast tomorrow you're probably gonna steal and use it in another interview,
just like our central breakdown.
Well, you know, Curves, there's a thing called posterioreal aspect,
and it's about the training.
Anyway, get the kids off the bike.
You'll be good to go.
Yeah, I'll talk all about it tomorrow night during the game.
He's like, go in depth on that.
You're like, I can't.
Hey, you're going to start picketing outside of cyclist studios, eh?
Like the circumcision people with the with the white
pants with the blood around their jock area it's like i want my foreskin back
too much too much okay so i mean we don't really have much else for you but is there anything that
you wanted to ask us joe we have a caller joe Vitale, please ask a question. You know what? I'm
really intrigued by
this Pink Whitney wave.
Have you had it yet?
I have not had
it, but... Send me your credit card.
I'll send you a bottle.
I got some Pink
Crystal Light mix the other day.
Excuse me?
Two weeks ago.
I mixed it with vodka.
New Amsterdam vodka.
No, it was just plain old
.
Sorry about that.
But I mixed it. I made it.
And you know what? It's really, really good.
Almost to the point, though, where I would want more of it.
My kids keep just running through the pantry.
No, it's good for kids. It's good for kids.
It says on the bottle.
We don't discriminate against any age group.
I'm like, where's the damn Crystal Line, honey?
We'll send you a six-pack of it.
Yeah, I would like that.
No, I think it's here in St. Louis somewhere.
I've got to find it.
Hey, what's Cam Jansen been up to?
Oh, Campbell Camp?
I'll tell you what right now.
Cam, he is a fucking survivor this
guy he he works hard like he he's on 590 the fan he's doing shows he he bounces around he he's a
hustler and he he gets after it like Cam is like one of my dear friends and we grew up together of
course we talked about last time and I've learned so much from Cam along the way he kind of set the the path for a lot of
St. Louis kids and he's just a he's a guy that has earned every every inch that's ever come his
way he's had to go out there he's a legend I'm telling you he's a St. Louis legend Clayton Keller
was begging me to get him on the podcast he's like he because he looked up to him he was like
the one of the first guys who ever made the NHL from St. Louis. I heard it.
His episode was terrific.
I mean, it was amazing.
He's such a good personality.
He's doing the radio.
He's doing some different things.
I think he's got a podcast he's starting as well.
Is he still on steroids?
I don't know, man.
He's so jacked, though.
We play every Tuesday morning, men's league, and it's 6 a.m.,
and he is running around like a gorilla, like yelling at guys.
He comes into our locker room, like I'm on the other team.
I'm on the team white bread, that's what they call us, you know,
because I'm on the team and I'm a baker.
And he comes in like with his suit off, and he's like,
who you guys got today?
He's like, yeah, pretty good group.
Yeah, pretty good group.
Like he's just like flexing his muscles.
He got cut the other day.
Like he's bleeding.
He's leaking.
Oh, he loves it. Oh, he day. He's bleeding. He's leaking.
It's like 6.20 in the morning.
Oh, he does.
Everyone's got their suits because they're going to work,
and he just is kind of bleeding and living his dreams. He admits it.
He was the guy in junior who would go outside with his shirt off
so the other team would see him because I'm pretty sure he was chucking the weights
and maybe sticking needles in his ass, but he was fucking intimidating.
He used to take his undershirt off in the penalty
box in Windsor.
After a fight, he would...
I don't even think he wore an undershirt, but he would take
his jersey off and his shoulder pads.
You guys got anything else, Whit?
No, Joey.
Dude, you just fill us all in with a lot of
pizzazz there. I got nothing else for you.
Besides, hopefully we run into each other as the season goes along. I will say, Joey, I never, ever, you just fill us all in with a lot of pizzazz there. I got nothing else for you. Besides, hopefully we run into each other as the season goes along.
I will say, Joe, I never, ever, ever contemplated a reverse vasectomy,
and I never will after knowing the deal.
Because the vasectomy is easy, man.
You feel like you're getting tickled almost down there,
and they send you home with a couple Tylenol.
But the reversal, I'm glad you sent some warning shots out to the guys listening out there.
Hard flex by Joe Vitale saying he's got the fastest sperm on the planet, though.
Did you not call them Pavel Bure?
No, Mitch Marner is buzzing around.
They're going to have an agent soon.
All right.
Hey, thanks a lot, dude.
I know we know you're going on the ice right now anyway, so rip it up out there.
Hey, no problem at all, guys.
Hey, you guys are doing a great job.
I really enjoy listening.
Keep up the great work.
Yeah, we know.
Thanks, Joe.
Thanks for the call-in, caller.
Call in next week.
We'll answer.
See you, Brad May.
Appreciate it, buddy.
That interview was brought to you by Movember.
Movember is the leading charity dedicated to changing the face of men's health around the world.
This Movember, whatever mustache you grow will save a bro. Your support will change the face
of men's health, raising awareness and funds for prostate cancer, testicular cancer, mental health,
and suicide prevention. This year, Barstool's own Donnie Does is growing out his mode to save a bro.
Join him on the Barstool Movember team and help us change the face of men's health.
For every 50 that you
fundraise on our team, you get an
entry to win a trip for two to join us
at the Army-Navy
Game live college football show
in December. Head to
movember.com
slash Boston to join our team,
grow your mustache, and fundraise for your
chance to win the grand prize.
Big thank you to the bread man for coming on.
What an interesting cat.
Great talker.
So happy for him that he's got another one on the way.
Man, how crazy is it that he moved to California
and learned how to make bread properly?
This guy is the most interesting man in the world.
He's like Forrest Gump.
He is the bread man now.
Like Panarin, you got to beat it, dude.
That is the true bread man, Joey Vitale.
I couldn't believe that.
You could talk to that guy every day and never get bored.
He just seems like he's such a blast to hang out with.
That's exactly what Jan said, just going over and hanging out with him.
You're just going to have a good time.
It just makes you happy.
Love it.
Speaking of happy, one of the funniest things we've seen so far this year,
the other day at the Devils game, Monday was Columbus Day here in the state,
so they made it Kids Day at the Devils game.
So they had kid announcers.
They had a kid singing the anthem.
Well, they also had kids draw pictures of all the Devils,
and when they announced the team at the beginning,
they showed the kids' picture corresponding all the Devils, and when they announced the team at the beginning, they showed the
kids' picture corresponding with the announcement
of the player. Dude,
Corey Schneider's probably going to get
fucking tortured for the rest of the year.
His picture came up. Some of them were
funny. They looked a lot like
the guy. When Schneider's come up, it looked
like a fucking miniature version of Travis
Bickle from Taxi Driver, and you could hear
the whole place explode with laughter.
It's something that I wonder if you're going to see other teams follow suit
because it seems
Oh, I think every team should do it.
I think they should have each other draw themselves, like the teammates draw it.
No, because I would just do your nose as one page.
They would just have a nose out there for Paul Bissonnette.
Oh, fuck you.
I just  it was so funny.
Like right away, I was like, Schneid needs to make that his Instagram picture.
I mean, that is just so good.
It was like, what's that movie?
Fuck, I can't think of it.
Forget it.
Was that the game where they blew another big goal lead?
I believe they were up 4-1 on the Florida Panthers and ended up losing 6-4.
Yeah, yeah.
That was tough to watch they just right
now when when they're up and they let a goal their assholes pucker up and they just can't stop the
bleeding um on to a lighter note big match up on NBC tonight as as we're recording right now Sidney
Crosby in in Malkin's absence we talked about this This needed to be Sidney Crosby's team the minute Malkin went down.
And was it Bugstad?
Was it the other guy who got hurt?
Yeah.
A bunch of guys.
Sidney Crosby.
Rust is out, sorry.
Yeah, Rust is out.
Starting the season with a seven-game point streak,
four goals and eight assists now for 12 points.
I think every single point he has has been on his backhand to once again
trying to give the league a chance he's trying he's trying to but nobody can stop him right now
we knew he was coming in uh guns a blazing this season after that uh embarrassing showing by the
penguins with the the sweep in the first round and he had a hardcore summer training and and
nate who who uh who took a run at nate dog
i didn't actually see who took a run but then cole was running around right after this has
been a good game crosby's goal was filth and it's funny biz like when crosby went out malcolm
steps up and when he malcolm's gone on crosby stepped out they they're true leaders you know
like they know when one of the other guys goes up, goes out. All right.
I got to do my job.
I got to really carry this team.
And they always do.
So his start right now is wild.
He's one of, I think like seven or eight players that have a point in every
game their teams played.
Actually, Kale McCarr is one, is one of them as well.
Actually, Letang is, but I don't know if Letang has a point tonight,
but Crosby as well.
Yeah. A bunch of, there's like. Yeah, there's eight of them.
I'm sorry I don't have all the names, but this is a fun game to watch.
McKinnon's flying around.
I missed you hit him, though, Ari.
Did you see that?
I caught the  yeah, it was actually eating dinner.
I caught it out of the corner of my eye.
I didn't catch the number who hit him, though,
but I know it was a little bit of a kerfuffle afterwards, though.
And one other thing, you mentioned LeTang. the other night his uh 500th career nhl point so
um would would you he he has not won a norris correct letang i i don't believe is he a hall
of fame defenseman uh right now three stanley cups man i mean you gotta imagine he ends up
definitely he yeah i mean he's getting up there.
And he's actually missed so much time with injury.
Yeah, he has.
I remember at the beginning, he was a freak right away, Biz.
He was so young, and he was so fast and strong.
His head wasn't there yet.
I remember he would make, like, the dumbest plays,
but you could tell his skill was just so good.
And then his brain got even better and better, and he became dominant.
But he's always had injury problems.
This season, he'd be in the Hall of Fame right now.
I don't know.
500 points, that's probably not going to get you in.
Maybe over time when the points go down and down and lower and lower,
the game changes and changes where the numbers aren't really as high
unless you're the free Crosby
and Ovechkin.
I don't know.
Shout out to Grinnell.
He come up with the hit.
It was Patrick Cornquist who hit McKinnon earlier in the game,
which led to no call, make the game a little edgier.
Did you guys see that Bruce Boudreaux quote making light of the situation?
I know things aren't necessarily that good right now in Minnesota, but they asked him about the team starting 13 of 18 games on the road.
And this is the quote.
Bruce Boudreaux asked if there could be any positives for Minnesota Wild
in starting the season with 13 of 18 games on the road.
His quote was, meal money's really good.
So Bruce Boudreaux trying to make the light of their situation over there,
and he's a quote machine.
Yeah, he's definitely a piece of work.
He said, I wish I had a magic wand that I could just make them faster.
He said that last night too.
Yeah.
After those Toronto.
There's more context to that, but it was more asked like,
what can you do about your team speed?
And that was his answer.
I mean, you could tell it's tough times
right now for those guys and many.
Yeah, probably wish he had a magic
wand to do something with that roster as well
while he's at it. But, hey, Biz,
I wanted to go back to a question.
You kind of caught me off guard a little bit last
episode about the sequels. I just wasn't
expecting it, so I didn't come up with a proper
answer. I know your actual question
was the best
ever unexpected sequels not just best sequels so i i had to do a little poking around but so i i
would consider that going into a sequel where you have minimal expectations based on you know the
fact that sequels typically suck and i would say that some of the best ever sequels that you didn't
expect much would be that the naked gun two and a half if you like the first much would be the Naked Gun 2 12, if you liked the first Naked Gun.
The Naked Gun 2 12 was good.
Here's one that's actually a sequel that's very popular,
and people probably don't think of it as a sequel,
National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation.
By then, that was the fourth movie.
There was Vacation.
There was European.
I'm sorry, the third one.
There was European Vacation, which was so-so.
So in Christmas Vacation, I think people kind of had so-so expectations.
It blew it out of the water, needless to say.
I would also say Batman Returns.
That was the second Batman.
That was the first Batman with Michael Keaton.
And then there was the second one that was still Michael Keaton,
but it had Danny DeVito as Penguin.
I'm not sure people were expecting a ton of that.
Catwoman was in that one too, Michelle Pfeiffer, right?
Oh, yeah.
Dude, I remember.
I must have been, what, 12 then?
Definitely, definitely, definitely excited little boy at that age.
And one other sequel pretty recent.
Michael Jackson.
Mad Max Fury Road.
That's an effective sequel.
Now, and they're switching gears a little bit.
Now, the best sequels ever.
Now, I'm not going to include the Marvel Cinematic Universe
because there's just whatever.
Because they're junk.
Martin Scorsese agrees with me, and I like Martin Scorsese.
I love Biz stirring the pot.
You guys have a lot in common, Biz.
Who, me and Scorsese?
Yep.
Wait, do they?
Yeah, they really do.
I think he's taking a shot at me.
I'm not trying to figure it out either but either
way biz we were talking about the best sequels and and we all we acknowledge most sequels do
stink but i would say like probably the five movies that are acknowledged to be uh sequels
better than the original or actually not better than but at least equal to the godfather part
two we mentioned last episode the empire strikes back is better than star wars uh the dark knight is better than batman begins
that's another whole other batman trilogy or fucking movie whatever and then t2 the second
terminator was better than the first one and also aliens uh oh fucker i was gonna say that
that is for sure probably the best uh sequel yeah a lot of people prefer aliens to alien
alien the original it's it's a great movie it's it's more of a sort of a haunted house movie kind
of a scary movie whereas aliens is just a badass action film where sigourney weaver just fucking
kicks ass all over space and and i think the budget was like four times as much. Look, Aliens 2 was incredible.
Now, another one that flew under the radar was Ace Ventura Nature Calls.
Would you agree?
See, that's one I can't say I had huge expectations for.
It was funny.
It had some laughs, but it's not one I bought the DVD for or anything.
Wow.
Okay, because when somebody tweeted me that, I'm like, yep.
I think it was fairly close to on par with the first one.
Yeah.
I mean, we had to talk about Ace Ventura, too.
It's like Jim Carrey's kind of goofy movies.
Have you ever seen Cable Guy?
Yeah, I like Cable Guy.
Cable Guy. Hey, R. Cable Guy. Cable Guy. Hey,
R.A., is there two Bad News
Bears?
There's the Bad News Bears, and then
there's a remake of the Bad News
Bears. But as far as the original, there were
two sequels to that as well.
There were the Bad News Bears,
I think, go to spring training, and
the Bad News Bears go to Japan.
Weren't those both pretty funny?
The bad news bears, the originals, hilarious,
the coaches booze in and shit.
That's actually one of the most old school movie movies you could ever watch
in sports. Bad news bears.
Yeah. The original, what Walt,
Walter Matthau and Tatum O'Neill and Kelly leak, what's his name?
The guy who plays him, drawing a blank.
Either way, that's the original one.
And then Billy Bob Thornton did a remake a few years ago,
completely unnecessary.
It's just, well, a money grab more than anything.
But yeah, the original Bad News Biz did have two sequels in the 70s.
Nothing really to write home about.
Perhaps the most famously, Whit, they played a game in the Astrodome
and they actually had real-life Houston Astros show up in the movie,
and they started that Let Them Play chant.
Do you remember that?
Let them play.
Let them play.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
We're going deep undercover.
Okay.
All right, boys.
Well, do we have any other hockey stuff we want to share with the world?
Well, Mikey G doing a good job of feeding us in our group chat.
It was Hornquist who delivered the hit.
Yeah, he said that.
Oh, geez, see? I was looking at my phone my bad and uh and another thing too was uh we we talked about Stamkos who struggled early on uh when his first seven games without finding his name on the
score sheet he finished his rookie season with a modest 46 points in 79 games, but dominated with 51 goals and 44 apples in his sophomore season.
So that's, yeah, there's prime examples of guys just taking it.
Yeah.
Biz, I actually have some Coyote stats that I wanted to read off.
Oh, oh, oh.
Darcy Kemper.
In his last 11 starts dating back to March 23rd,
I'm pretty sure this is correct.
He's given up 14 goals.
That's,
that's insane.
That's like,
those numbers are granted small sample size and granted over the course of
two seasons.
Those are incredible.
Oh,
quickly.
When I read that stat,
do you think that if McDavid ended the season with a 21 game point
streak,
they missed the playoffs would, if hegame point streak. They missed the playoffs.
If he got points at the beginning of next season, would that still count?
As a point streak?
As a record-breaking point streak?
I mean, they kept Marleau's streak going because he wasn't signed to his team.
So his consecutive game streak is still alive right now.
All right, boys.
Now it's time to move over to the gambling corner. Only I'm not sure I don't have any gambling still alive right now. All right, boys, now it's time to move over to the gambling corner.
Only I'm not sure I don't have any gambling for us right now.
Problem is we're in the middle of this Pittsburgh-Colorado game.
I have a substantial wager on that one,
and I'm looking ahead to the next couple days,
and honestly, I don't have a
You're hot.
Huh?
You're hot.
I am hot, and I don't want to make a pick yet
because basically I don't know where I'm going to be basically I don't know where I'm going to be.
I don't know if I'm going to be way up or way down.
I don't know what the lines are going to be.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
So you're so red hot right now and you don't want to give a pick?
Well, no, I'm looking at tomorrow night's games, and there's nothing that jumps out at me.
That's integrity, R.A.
Right away.
That's good self-control, man.
Yeah, I don't want to say, oh, I like this team.
Bet them tomorrow night just to give a pick.
So I'd rather say this is the corner.
Yeah, we have got hot.
We had San Jose last Thursday.
We made some money.
Money and puck.
What was it?
What's the last night?
Thursday.
Tuesday night.
I'm sorry.
Monday's gambling corner.
Made a bunch of dough.
We had Tampa Bay.
They fucking pounded it.
Pucked in money.
Made a shitload of dough. So I want to wait. Great called it, parked in on money, made a shitload of dough.
Great call there.
I appreciate that.
What we'll do is I can just
do a Gambling Corner. I'll blog it.
I'll post it online. It's not
sponsored quite yet, so it's not like the sponsors
are going to be pissed I'm not giving a pick.
Just pay attention to my Twitter,
my Instagram. I'll see how tonight ends up.
I'll see what the board looks like tomorrow.
And if I do have any picks, I should say when I have picks,
I will be posting them.
I just don't want to give anything right now and lead people astray.
I know it is bad juju to say the amount of money you do have
on this Pittsburgh-Colorado game in the midst of action right now.
Who do you got, though?
I don't think it's bad.
I have, let's see, I got Colorado.
I have them flat to make 1,000, which is basically a pick-em.
I got them on the puck line, 500 to make, I think it's like 1,200,
which they're down 2-1 after 2 as we're talking.
And then I have them on a puck line, A.I. with Dallas,
who's also losing 2-1.
But it's, you know, Monday, NHL, third period, anything can happen.
I'm not worried yet.
I had a really, really nice start to the week.
I'm up a few bucks off.
I lose a little bit tonight, C'est la vie.
You know who I got?
I'll do a little gambling corner.
The Coyotes.
Nashville went into Las Vegas.
They ended up winning a pretty hard-fought game.
You saw that fight between Mark Stone and Roman Yossi.
Great game.
Great game.
That play by Arvidsson where he fucking between his legs shit
or whatever the fuck he did.
I don't even know what I saw there.
But that's a tough bill in the plan.
The Coyotes are going to come home in front of a very good crowd
on a Thursday night, and I like them.
I wouldn't say puck line because puck line means you have to win by two, right?
Correct.
You get a better return financially.
All right.
Well, I like the Coyotes Thursday night,
and I think they're going to go on a bit of a run here
because then they got Ottawa on Saturday as well.
You know what?
Fucking parlay those two, why don't you?
There you go.
You think they're going to just go on a little run right now?
Why not?
Why wouldn't they?
They're buzzing.
And here's some things.
So Schmaltzy's found his offense.
He's starting to score.
The power play's starting to heat up a little bit.
Dvorak's starting to chip in offensively.
And the one reason I say that is the top line for the Coyotes
has not popped off yet.
Phil Kessel has yet to have a goal.
You know what?
Why don't you throw a little futures bet on Phil Kessel getting a hat trick
against the Nashville Predators at home.
His first goal as a Coyote.
His second goal.
I wonder if you can find that anywhere.
Could you find that action anywhere, R.A.?
Book it, R.A.
Business gambling corner.
I probably couldn't, but there are tons of sites out there.
I don't know if they're in Canada or whatever,
but one other little gambling tip, too.
If you do like two teams on the puck line,
I saw someone earlier mention that they were going to parlay them.
Here's the issue, though.
If you like two teams on a puck line,
if you parlay them and one of those teams loses,
you lose the parlay automatically,
whereas if you put them in an action reverse and you split you can sometimes make money back or not lose a little bit more
expensive though all right people they're cheap yeah true that yeah because if you lose both sides
of the ai yeah then you're going to get get double whammy as well and one other quick note on the
sequels i know some nitpickers probably going to say Silence of the Lambs. Listen, I don't consider Silence of the Lambs a sequel.
I know the movie Manhunt that came out years before,
based on the book Red Dragon, but it's a totally different director,
totally different cast and crew.
Brian Cox, who plays the father in Succession,
he was actually the very first guy to play Hannibal Lecter on screen.
So for anybody who wants to say Silence of the Lambs was a sequel
that was unexpectedly good, I don't consider it a sequel
just want to throw that out
how many people out there you think are saying that
two
I think on that note we should probably
call it a wrap
alrighty good chat with you boys that was a blast guys and listen I think on that note, we should probably  I can call it a wrap. All right.
Good chat with you, boys.
That was a good episode. That was a blast, guys.
And listen, hockey's back.
This is just fantastic.
I got NBC Sports tonight.
I know this is going to be Thursday.
You're listening.
But the fact we get that the Oilers and the Flyers later on
after Crosby versus McKinnon in Colorado, Pittsburgh,
it's a pretty sick time.
So hockey's back, and we're glad to be chatting.
And I'll have some more stats next time.
I thought I had more than I did.
I was getting cocky.
And there's still time to buy Pink Whitney shirts.
There's still time for the Breast Cancer Awareness,
Fuck Cancer Foundation, 100 of net proceeds go to Fuck Cancer.
So you can buy those on our site, barstoolsports.com slash chicklets.
And it's going to a great cause, so we'd really appreciate it.
Love it.
Nice.
Now, yeah, that Flyers-Oilers game, quite a bit of chicklets alumni there.
We got G, Hazy, Connor McDavid, Dreisaitl.
Pretty good stuff, man.
It should be an entertaining game.
That everyone will know the score of.
All right, everyone.
Peace out.
And we want to send a big thank you to our sponsors once again and also to our listeners for supporting our sponsors. All right, everyone. Movember, go to movember.com slash barstool. Thanks for supporting our sponsors and thanks for supporting us.
Have a great day all. Thank you.
