Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 213 of Spit and Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade flavored vodka from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka.
As you'll be able to tell from our voices, probably a little bit, Chicago is quite a
week.
So let's check in with my fellow walking wounded over here.
Let's go to the producer, as always, ready for us, Mikey Grinelli.
What's going on, buddy?
What's up, fellas?
I enjoyed my week in Chicago with you guys.
Very, very productive.
Ton of great interviews.
So I'm really excited.
We have a great interview on tap for today as well.
I'll let you guys say that, but'm excited yeah definitely definitely what dog what's going on buddy you got home a little earlier to start recuperating earlier how you feeling buddy
yeah i feel solid by now what up boys i when i left i mean we had that big lunch nice big old
steak before i went to the airport and i said i can't believe that they're staying another night
like you guys are animals for doing that but i was so happy to get home I got home that night
I was like I can't imagine if I was still out with biz right now I couldn't do it
fucking tripping balls and speaking of biz last but not least what's up my man had a lot of fun
this week worked hard played hard you were pretty glossy in those Chicago Blackhawks pitches looking
good with the teddy bears I was all lubed up, ready to go.
Who's the guy
in Family Guy?
Where he's got the...
Quagmire? No, there's always a guy
who's got the lube. You're talking about the greased up
deaf guy? Yeah, the greased...
I was like the greased
up deaf guy in Family Guy. Fucking
looking all glossy in those
content videos
that the Blackhawks released.
But thank you to the Chicago Blackhawks.
They rolled out the red carpet for us.
We are going to get into that
because that couldn't have worked out any better.
Right, R.A.?
Unreal.
I know the Whit Dog just said he was feeling okay
with the extra day of recovery,
but I got to think his pride is still pretty wounded.
Let's not sugarcoat it here.
He smack talked a lot.
We went out there, me and Biz Snipes, and hashtag Whit missed.
Well, let's start from the beginning, Whit, if you don't mind.
Like, we got asked to shoot between the second and third period.
At the old Blackhawks games, they used to bring out, like, two missiles,
and they used to put the strippers' musics on.
But, of course, under new climate, times have changed a little bit, okay?
They let them keep the ice girls.
So we ended up going out there, and right beforehand,
Witt, you were just chirping me and R.A.
I think you said R.A. was 35,000 to one to sink that shot.
Didn't have the stones to book the action either, my dad.
Keep in mind, they didn't give us the board that had the three little openings in it.
We had only the puck size right in the middle from center ice.
Oh, yeah.
So you want me to tell you what happened now?
You guys want to hear what actually happened?
And here's the thing, everyone listening at home.
I'm first going to say congratulations, both you guys.
You know, miracles do happen.
It was very great to see R.A. it was
I couldn't believe it
but great shot Biz your celebration
excellent but here's
what actually went down
now these two clowns that scored
for all you listeners they never did
shit like R.A. never did shit in the NHL
and Biz especially in that building
he hadn't done shit probably a couple fights
I'm going to take you back to a date, March 10th, 2013 guys.
That's actually my mom's birthday, March 10th.
The Edmonton Oilers went into Chicago stadium.
I'm going to call it Chicago stadium.
Cause I like thinking it was old school.
And what happened in the first period?
Ryan Whitney goes out there and talks a sick offside one timer.
Thank you.
And then he gets a sick assist.
And all of a sudden, the Oilers are up 4-0 in the first period
and cruise to an easy victory.
Well, as it turned out, that ended up being my last game ever playing
in that arena.
So I was all excited to go back.
And the fact that the Blackhawks own, you know, they do.
They roll out the red carpet for us.
I mean, this is our favorite organization.
They love us. So I'm all excited.
And then I hear we're shooting the puck and I'm like, Oh,
that's going to be cool.
I haven't been on that ice since I scored that goal and had that sick assist
the last time I played here. Well, sure enough, we meet the, the owner,
the owner's son. We're having a great time talking.
And just as we're ready to go to go do the shot or go up to, you know,
the second period, I end up seeing, uh,
one of the, the owner's son. Well, he says to me before, Hey, uh, good luck out there, Ryan.
And I'm walking away. He's like, you'll need it. So I just kind of like, think he's chirping me a
little bit. And I turned my head. I'm like, Oh yeah, I know. I kind of will haven't played.
So we get out there and we're doing all the content piece. And I still, I like my odds plus
37,000. I should have taken the, I shouldn't thank God I didn't take the action, but I still think that's the correct line.
So we're going out and we start looking at sticks.
RA has a stick. I get a stick. I'm like, this stick sucks. I hate this curve. All right. Let
me see your stick. He's like, all right. I look at that stick. I'm like, this one's good. Biz
already has his tweak. You totally three years, three years, super league me with that one.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, listen, listen to what happened to me. That's what happened to me. already has his tweak you totally three years three years super league me with that one yeah
yeah well listen listen what happened me listen what happened me so i go and i'm walking out and
all of a sudden somebody comes over from the side he says hey you're actually right this sticks
better okay i grab this stick i walk out onto the ice what happens boys right when i go that first
pass a little crack these fucking guys gave me a broken stick,
and it was all payback since the March 10th, 2013,
after I had the one-on-one.
They haven't forgot it.
They never forgot it.
And that's why the owner's son, Danny Wertz, said, you'll need it.
They fucking teed me up the whole time.
And hockey's a game of having a long memory you never forget.
Somebody hits you dirty in junior, you'll get them 10 years later.
Well, when I lit up the Blackhawks on March 10th, 2013, they never forget. Biz, somebody hits you dirty in junior. You'll get them 10 years later. Well, when I lit up the Blackhawks on March 10, 2013, they never forgot.
So I get out there and I had my chance to shine and I had a fucking broken twig.
And mind you, I'm used to snapping around a black frozen biscuit made in Czechoslovakia on the side.
We got pucks lighting up with red lights and numbers and bouncing all over the place.
So it was great for you guys, Biz, with one of the best celebrations of all time.
But when an NHL franchise that has three Stanley Cups since 2010 is trying to screw me over to embarrass me after a little payback for 2013 March 10th,
I don't know if I'm the biggest Blackhawks fan anymore.
So it's a sea of later.
You think sabotage.
You want surveillance.
From the ownership up top is the owner's son.
New.
Good luck.
Hey, good luck with.
You'll need it.
I'm like, what?
So I guess you call it.
I guess we have to call it even for everything they did for us and teen us up with interviews.
But then now sabotaging where we'll just call it a blank slate.
Well, here's the thing.
I need to get more into the celebration biz.
First off the jacket, everyone, the jacket,
me and biz went shopping a little bit.
I always take this shop and he's good.
You ask him a business.
This good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wear that.
If it is this bad, he's like, don't wear that.
So we're walking out of sacks and all of a sudden he's like, hold on.
I got to go to law Ralph Lauren.
I'm like, all right.
I didn't even like turn around. I was like dude i gotta go back well all of a sudden i see him a
couple hours later with this jacket on as people have said bane you look like bane you look like
mcgruff the dog but i said right away grinnelly what i say i go not many people could pull this
jacket off this guy can we walk in this arena. It was like
Stan Mikita, Bobby Hull
and Jonathan Caves morphed into
one. Biz! Biz!
Biz Nasty! We got
a sign. Easy kill in
section 313 for Biz.
It's now full-blown rockstar status.
So he goes out there
in this 5,000 jacket
like a complete rock star.
He snipes it after I've missed, after I've given a broken goddamn stick
to make him an RA, rips the jacket off, 5K, chucks it on the ice,
biggest National League move I've seen, slides perfectly,
and then gives it the perfect ear to listen.
I had texts all day long.
That was the best celebration I've ever seen.
So the fact that you did or did not have that planned.
No, so what I wanted to do was I wanted to get on the mic,
and I asked Stan Bowman when he came down the box.
I said, tell them to give me the mic because I'm going to rile them up.
I'm going to say, hey, great to be here, Chicago.
Thank you on behalf of the Spit and Chicklets crew.
Now I'm going to slide this puck five-hole just like Mikel Bodker did twice
to Corey Crawford in 2012 when he beat the wheels off you guys in six.
And then I was thinking about maybe going,
you guys might remember my friend Rafi Torres because I wanted to be the bad guy.
I wanted the booze just like when I was in L.A.
when I ended up sticking Bailey in the nuts.
I want to be the villain.
I want to get these people riled up.
This is like WWE entertainment.
That's the reason I went and dropped 5K on that fucking jacket.
You returned it right after the game, guys.
No, I still have it.
I think you packed it with you.
That is a lifetime piece.
I've actually been looking at it for a while.
It's been sold out online, and I couldn't believe that they actually had it in stock.
Anyway, so, of course I they wouldn't give me the
mic they didn't even want me stepping off the rug for Christ's sake because after I did finally
score and mind you I took out that little short stick too this thing was like a putter so I just
kind of try to add to the comedic feel of it and I don't know I just kind of blacked out on the
second one and I saw it go in and then I just sprinted off the mat and that was all organic
dropped the jacket did the slide did the Hulkster to the ear but then as soon as I looked up I saw it go in and then I just sprinted off the mat and that was all organic. Dropped the jacket, did the slide, did the Hulkster to the ear.
And then as soon as I looked up, I saw a guy in a chicklets hoodie
and he had his hands up and then he started pointing at me
and then that's when I pointed at him and gave him the three-fifth pump.
So it was all organic.
It felt fucking great to be back out there.
Stan Bowman tried to pull me in and offer me a fucking PTO at League Minimum.
I said, hey, talk to my agent, buddy. I said, I'm not signing today.
Maybe I can get a guarantee somewhere else.
Stan Bowman was absolutely dying when you were telling him like he was
hollering when you were like describing your wrestling.
I didn't tell him that I was going to say the Rafi Torres comment though.
So he wouldn't have, obviously that would have been like definite.
No to get the mic. But then afterward, of course,
the ice girls are asking me,
Arnie, for the pictures, the winner's circle.
Winner's circle.
And then Wit kind of slithers in, and the girls are like.
No, I actually came over, and one girl's like,
no, no, these are the guys who scored.
I'm like, your fucking owner gave me a broken stick, Carissa.
C-O-N-S-P-I-R-I-C-E.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Fucking Rocky works.
Jesus, the guy's got billions,
and he's worrying about giving me a broken Titan
because of one goal, one assist game.
Bar down.
Thank you.
2013, March 10th.
Oh, man.
Just to echo what Biz said, yeah, Danny Wirtz and Rocky Wirtz,
huge thanks to those guys.
They're awesome dudes.
I was talking to Danny for a little while, the son,
and the best pal, we went up.
Rocky wanted to meet us, the owner of AFS, because he's like me and Grinnelli walked in.
He's like, hey, what's up, guys?
They say, Mr. Wirtz, thank you so much for your hospitality.
Look, she's like, Rocky.
I was like, yeah, you love when a guy tells you to call him by his first name.
And then he starts telling us how he's heard about the Pink Whitney.
I mean, he's been a booze baron for like fucking 60 years.
So like he was like, what the fuck's this Pink Whitney?
He's like swearing and shit.
It was fucking hilarious.
I didn't know that the Wurts' original like money and worth
is all based upon, it is booze and like distribution of alcohol, right?
Yeah, mostly booze and actually getting into the old cannabis
up in Canada soon too.
Veterans, veterans.
Yeah, he's like hockey's the cleanest thing we do now.
So yeah, he actually did say, I heard him say that.
He said, I just all of a sudden started hearing about this drink pink whitney and imagine
him like calling like an associate like what is this pink whitney and then all of a sudden he's
like all right get those guys in so it was it was awesome and the party uh it wasn't really a party
but we did a meet and greet awesome fans in chicago that was a blast signing the bottles of
pink with the whole time and then we crushed them at the game. Yes, Binnie's Lincoln Park.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you to Binnie's.
And, boys, I got to work on my fucking signature, man.
Because I practiced it when I was a kid.
It was my real name.
Now this is like my wrestling name.
So I'm not used to writing out rare admirals.
So I need to do some serious work.
My penmanship already sucks.
We did mention we have a special guest coming on.
Blackhawks were nice enough to get a stunkin keith
and i didn't know what to expect i know he kind of carries himself and he's a little bit of a quieter
guy well at least in the public eye but oh man i was blown away by by just how open he was and how
informative he was like just hearing about like his childhood and how his father was telling him
how to skate and uh we'll save most of it for the interview but i just wanted to thank the blackhawks for that one uh we had kirby doc come in we had
edzo we have a lot of special interviews i i think tim stapleton might be our our funniest one yet
i was in fucking tears the entire interview we often talk to guys who have played in russia and
we get like kind of like the half stories. This guy was just letting them fly.
And it was,
it was,
it was nice to hear him.
And he's got a,
he's got to got a Bill Burr feel to him with his delivery.
So you guys will love him.
And who else did we get when we were there,
boys?
Scotty Dolan.
Jamal Mayers gave an,
the story of how Jamal Mayers grew up and how he got into hockey is wild.
So that'll be out in a couple of weeks. I'm sure. But you had Adrian O'Coin as well. Oh yeah. Mayers gave an, the story of how Jamal Mayers grew up and how he got into hockey is wild. So
that'll be out in a couple of weeks, I'm sure. But you had Adrian O'Coin as well. Oh yeah. Yeah.
Oh, he's the best. I'm sure we're forgetting all of us. Oh, no, we had Nello Ferrara as well, dude.
And it's funny because if you say, uh, well, a lot of these guys you've had on before,
or at least some of them were we're in person this time.
It's such a different vibe when we're in a room with these guys.
We've said that a million times.
So I think all of them were a blast to do. It's all the hours, 45 to an hour minute interviews.
We were all like, wait, that's it?
It's been an hour.
It goes by like 10 minutes when you're sitting in a room having a couple beers.
And it might feel like it's a little Chicago heavy with the Blackhawks talk.
I mean, we were there. You know, we were talking to a lot of guys who did play for the Blackhawks I
mean we talked to Edzo as we mentioned um Kirby Doc Duncan Key so uh we also went to uh Barstool
Chicago we met with Chief and uh and we sat down with him to kind of just break down what the
organization is at at this point after you know their're three cups and yada, yada.
So we're going to, we're going to actually play a bit of that,
that interview with chief in on Thursday's episode.
And then on top of that, have a Kirby doc on as well.
So just if I know you guys might think it's a little Blackhawks heavy,
just say next time we go to a city where it's different organization,
we'll cover more that
organization yeah your city will be up next well not everyone but for the most part we'll be we'll
be doing a little bit of touring lately and also to fly us in we'll go anywhere that's up to you
guys yeah that's up to the squads around the league and uh it was great to see my old pal
chief he was my original podcast partner before wit so i always loved catching up with him and
i'll tell you when we were in the box and I saw Stan, dude, he,
he basically goes at Stan all the time. So when I saw Stan come in,
I was like, I was looking to tear over my shoulder. I'm like, Oh,
I wonder if chief's going to pop up. And I'll say, man, he,
he walked right up the stairs. He walked right up to me and say, Hey, Stan,
how you doing Ryan? Like, you know,
there's a lot of guys who wouldn't do that, you know,
rip a guy all day and then go up and introduce himself. It was very cordial,
but I say, I mean, I, I, you know, I always have respect for it,
but I have you to apply it for're doing that's wild yeah so so again
thanks huge thanks to danny where it's rocky where it's stan bowman the rest of the blackhawks family
that they like you said with even though they beat my bros a few years ago they might be our
favorite franchise because they treat us so good and we're definitely going to be back no doubt
about that so what are we going to talk about boys hawk A little hockey? A little hockey, yes. Saturday night was
the, well, I know they call it the Heritage Classic.
I call it the Atlanta Heritage Classic,
seeing as it was the old Atlanta Flames
versus the old Atlanta Thrashes.
Lots of folks experienced
Regina for the first time, biz, Saturday
night, and it probably lasted longer than most expected.
How are you?
Well, it wasn't the most up-tempo affair,
but it did get a little uh bit of a
nail-biter at the end jets tied it late won it in ot uh it was it got kind of boring basically
for the first two periods it got good late but uh you guys stay up and make it through the whole
game or what no i just saw the highlights i saw the light late goal by morrissey nice bomb
uh through a screen ended up getting past sm, and then, of course, the overtime winner. Who slid the overtime winner over?
Kyle Conner.
Kyle Conner.
Yeah, Conner's a little.
He's been making fucking plays, man.
Yeah, it was a nice play over to Little,
and you could tell Smitty wasn't happy.
I mean, you got the game in the bag,
and then Giordano takes that penalty,
and then they end up capitalizing on it.
So, you know, Flames haven't really found their game yet this year,
really hot and cold.
Ha, ha, ha. Flames, hot and cold.
The problem, I talked to Keith Yandel at 830.
He's in Edmonton.
He's like, bro, it's minus 40 here right now.
I can't imagine that game.
So it was in Saskatchewan, you said?
Sorry?
Yeah.
So, you know, Edmonton, Saskatchewan.
If Edmonton's minus 40, what's Regina?
Minus 38.
They're all similar.
So to go into a game like that is so hard.
You're freezing your balls off.
Once the game gets going, it's a little better.
But the fans, I'm sure, had to be crippled to actually withstand that entire night.
The interesting part was that I just heard watching the replay
and reading some stuff that Morrissey's goal that tied it up late,
he was put on the power play.
Maurice took Pionk off the power play for that late man advantage they got,
and he ends up sniping.
So sometimes you see a coach's decision really make an immediate impact.
Great, great shot.
It was all the work by Scheifele.
So it was a pretty cool game to see the beginning of just because, you know,
you see what's going on.
And that stadium is wild.
I actually had a buddy over.
He's like, where is that?
I go, it's in Regina.
He's like, who the fuck plays there?
He doesn't know CFL.
I was like, well, the Rough Riders are like, they're the most popular CFL team.
At least what I remember in Edmonton, people love.
I heard a rumor, but someone told me they sell the most merchandise
of any sports team in North America.
I have a tough time believing that, but maybe in Canada?
I don't know.
Do they sell that place out?
Do you guys know for CFL games?
Yeah.
Regina Rough Riders are kind of like that's a deal that was that's a pretty sick looking stadium so i liked watching the beginning
and then obviously i fell asleep so i watched the end this morning and i was it was it was
exciting at the end it was good good hockey great overtime goal but you're so happy when that one
ends like get me in the locker room room. My dick's one inch big.
Boy, that looked like a chilly crowd up in Regina last night.
I'm sure a lot of people could have used a little dip,
maybe a little black buffalo, eh?
Hockey is certainly back in full swing,
and we know a lot of you guys are dipping on and off the ice.
Keep the ritual.
Ditch the tobacco with black buffalo.
We love it here at Chicklets.
We love it here at Bastl.
If you've been listening to us for the past couple of years,
you know a bunch of us are all over it.
It's because it's the closest thing to a real dip that we've ever seen,
and we've tried it all.
It's everything you love about dipping, including pharmaceutical-grade nicotine,
just without the actual tobacco leaf or stem.
If you dip, you're 21 or over, and you're not using Black Buffalo,
it's time to make the switch.
They sell exclusively through their website and ship to the U.S. and Canada.
Use the promo code SC, as in spit and chiclets,
for 25 off your first order on blackbuffalo.com.
Warning, this product contains nicotine.
Nicotine is an addictive chemical.
Hey, Biz, up in Canada, do they call soccer football like they do in England?
It's mixed.
I call it soccer.
Because, like, well, the Jets forward, Mason Appleton,
they said, oh, he got hurt playing football before the game.
And I'm like, what the fuck is he doing playing football?
I'm thinking, oh, maybe they were on the football field throwing the ball.
And then I realized, oh, they meant fucking soccer.
But I guess he fucking popped something in his foot.
The poor guy was on crutches.
There you go.
See, remember I told you guys that that Curtis McClain kid I play with,
he made it to the NHL, finally went from like Division II
and like East Coast, crawled his way up,
and he ended up like popping his Achilles tendon playing two-touch.
And there's like  I would say there's one or two injuries in the NHL a year
from guys playing two-touch soccer, and that's why I would stay away from it.
So
Yeah, other ways to get loose.
And one other thing on the on the heritage thing saskatchewan has produced nearly 10 percent of
canada's all-time nhl players that's the most among all provinces or u.s states on a per capita
basis business is a canadian does it shock you at all that saski leads the league in nhl they get
they get like six or seven months outdoor r rinks. September kids are playing outdoor hockey.
So definitely an advantage, especially moving forward,
considering how much ice time is.
I forget who in Chicago we were interviewing.
I think it was a coin.
I asked how much money does it cost to rent out ice around the Chicago area?
600 an hour.
So I think moving forward, that number is probably going to go up.
I still would have guessed ontario i or or it's on a per capita basis so i i could see why regina would be our saskatchewan would be the answer either way the whole country produces just nasty
hockey players but we're coming we're getting better and better aren't we granelli usa all the
way i mean kyle connor earlier that that sick pass he had, he's an American too.
You start to think about, like, if USA had an Olympic team right now,
they'd be pretty fucking good.
Yeah, there'd be some stacked teams.
Sweden would look so filthy.
Absolutely.
A couple other big games on tap Saturday night as well.
We're talking Sunday.
The Bees Blues, listen, I know I was just talking a bit before the show,
but I know it's just a media hype thing,
but I fucking hate when they call it a Stanley Cup rematch.
A Stanley Cup rematch is 08, 09 when the Penguins Red Wings
played two years in a row.
You can't get revenge.
There's no consolation.
It's just a dorky media thing, and it drives me absolutely fucking crazy.
Really?
It's not you that much
exactly i'll share we we had this discussion before we started recording i go buddy like
it's a national nbc game they're trying to get some fucking viewership it's like how are you
this mad about this that would be like you teasing in a headline and and kind of like
clickbaiting an article not to say you do it but have you done
that no you know what I've never been much about the clickbait uh yeah it drives me nuts I would
never do it if I was a journalist and I think that that if anything it hurts them in the long
run because like then all of a sudden people don't read the article and they just react on
the headline exactly exactly but anyways two two could get two could get the three nothing shut out
pasta got another goal it was I don't know dude, I know it wasn't the Stanley Cup,
but it did almost feel like game eight out there.
Those guys were fucking killing each other last night, eh, Whit?
Early in the game, who did Chara murder?
Sundquist?
I think it was right at the beginning of the game, yeah.
And then, you know what?
That goes into something else.
Remind me to talk about what I was going to say about after that hit
in a little bit.
But the game at the beginning,
it was Pasternak.
Pasternak is so sick right now. And the fact that he gets
involved physically makes him even better.
He's just like a nut out there.
It's like he's running around with his head cut off,
but it's all poised and perfectly skilled.
But he has no fear, so him getting
another goal to start that thing off was
pretty. Yeah, that was a great game.
I mean, I couldn't believe looking prior, Bruins were minus 175 already.
And I said, how are they  like, St. Louis is good.
So I was afraid to bet them, but Vegas knew that Bruins were going to roll.
And I guess no Tarasenko, maybe that affected the line,
but it was a shit-kicking.
Yeah, I very seldom bet the Bruins at home
because they're always a pretty fucking sizable favorite
even when they're playing a good team.
So I did nothing with that game last night.
Biz, did you get to catch any of that game?
The Bees Blues, the first game on TV?
I wasn't, but I was reading online that it was very physical.
Now, something I do want to talk about regarding St. Louis was,
I don't know if it was a game of four or two games of four,
they were playing against L.A., and Kyle Clifford was kind of, you know,
skating up. I don't know if there was prior contact,
but Bennington came over and shoved Clifford.
Like Bennington of course doesn't give a fuck.
He's got that little, that swagger to him. And then, I mean, Hey,
like if I was Kyle Clifford, I would have shoved them back too.
And then he did. And then two guys ended up coming in for the blues,
which I've, I've mentioned this before.
I love the fact that the way that the blues stick up for each other and they had
that boys club mentality i think that goes a long way and i know some of the new school types of
people you know they think that's just stupid it's all skill wise those guys go bat for each other
every night and that's the type of bond that creates championship teams so i don't know if
you guys caught the clip what did you make of it and and if you're kyle clifford wit you know and the goalie comes over and shoves you
are you shoving them back 100 especially when you're that tough but kyle clifford doesn't give
a give a shit who's coming after him you know it makes a little difference right if but i think
anyone who gets shoved it doesn't matter if it's a goalie or a player he's giving it to him right
back guys more will try to stay away from the goalie uh they're not going to start it but if the goalie starts it
dude game on your fair game but all of this leads into another discussion that um Anthony Stewart
was talking was kind of going off a little bit about I checked during the game last night two
games in a row now we've seen really good Maple Leafs players get run over
Austin Matthews took a huge hit from Brendan Dillon I don't know if it was maybe it was there
was a game in between but that was against San Jose and then last Saturday night Tyson Berry
gets crushed by Jeff Petrie and not even nobody even even pushes the guys. Absolute zero pushback from a teammate.
Like I'm a pussy,
but I remember a couple of times fighting with teammates got lit up at
center ice or wherever,
anywhere on the ice.
And after Babcock was asked about the no response and he said,
well,
who on this team is going to do anything?
I might be paraphrasing,
but basically like we don't,
that's not our team.
But fuck, man.
I mean, first it's Matthews, and then it's Barry,
and not even a shove, Biz.
You don't have to go fight him.
Just take a two-minute minor.
Something like  this is like  you're not going to push around our team.
I couldn't believe it.
I mean, and you're talking about
They need to address that. It's the same reason they're getting bent over in the first round every year. They couldn't believe it. I mean, and you're talking about... They need to address that.
It's the same reason they're getting bent over in the
first round every year. They got no fucking sack.
They need some fucking... They need some sandpaper
in that lineup, but
Babcock and Dubas don't want it.
They like the new school way.
You know what? Do your fucking new school way, and let's
see how it works again. You'll get fucking
three games at the ACC, and that's it.
I couldn't believe, though,
nothing on either one.
Well, and also on the B, going back to the
Bs, where Pasta got decked pretty bad by
Bomeester, went into the post,
might have been the fucking top of the crease,
the fucking net there, but do you think
No one... Oh, it's called the crossbar. The crossbar.
I know, guys. It's been a long week.
But do you think no one really went after him?
I should know because it saved me a lot.
Do you think no one went after him because it was Bo Meester
and he's probably really never been a dirty player in his career?
He's got a pretty good reputation.
I think nobody really saw what had happened.
And that also wasn't a high-speed impact.
He kind of pushed him from behind.
And it's way different if you just shove a guy from behind into the net
as opposed to running a guy over into the boards or at center ice.
It wasn't enough.
And, yeah, I think Bullmeister people respect and understand.
But the Bruins, if Pasternak got lit up at center ice,
I guarantee you somebody on the Bruins would go over to the guy.
Well, and two, like, I mean, even when I was playing, if I was unsure,
I would usually go back to the bench and ask
because I don't want to just go out and take a minor because I wasn't
really in that position.
I don't think they had iPads
by the time I was finishing up in the NHL,
but I would just have them radioed
down because I got the mic in for the guy in the locker room.
They waited
until Biz left the league to get iPads
because he would have been on the bench in games he wasn't
playing and signed into Tinder, swiping
off. They're like, we need that for
the replay. Is that offside? It's like, hold on.
Look at these titties. This is going to go on
long-term injury reserve for a sore wrist
from swiping right too much.
Or something else.
But just going back to that Binnington and Clifford
clip, I know a lot of people were pissed off because
Clifford shoved a goalie, but I mean, Binnington
came out of his crease all the way to like the side
wall and then Clifford was like, what the fuck are you doing?
Get back in your net.
And then, like I said, the melee ensued after that.
So a lot of, a lot of chaos coming.
Yeah.
We haven't really had a topic of discussion of a dirty hit so far.
I couldn't get any better angles on, on the one,
the Matthews one from Dylan.
So I have no opinion on it.
Obviously Leafs Nation is up in arms.
They want Dylan's head on a platter.
Did you guys get a chance to see it?
I saw it one of the nights we get in and I didn't zap-rooter it basically
like we normally would have.
Obviously it was a very busy week.
No, I didn't see the angles that you saw either, Biz,
so I don't really have a
I got like one angle on it.
A few media members weren't happy with it. A others were like hey it was fine so i'm glad he
was okay he ended up playing the next game and uh and no supplementary supplementary discipline
is that right that's right and speaking of the leafs biz they were in action in montreal saturday
night little hockey night in canada action the ha Habs thump them, 5-2.
How about our boy Nate Thompson with the silky mitts on that dish to Nick Suzuki to conclude the scoring?
He's got five helpers already this year, looking like Steve Shutt out there
and the kid at, well, we used to call him Joel,
but it's Hoel Amir, the former Jet.
He's been a stud for the Habs this year.
Already got six goals in nine games.
Habs get power play goals in nine of 11 already.
Leafs now 0-4 in the second in a back-to-back
as for the betting community might want to know that. Did you guys catch any of this game last night?
I did. I saw I was kind of flipping back and forth, but the Leafs starts,
it seems like every game they give up the first goal. So you can't, over time, you can't win no
matter how good your offense is. They were able to come back and tie it up and i think that the canadians had three breakaway goals i think they had another
breakaway they missed maybe not but they had a bunch of two-on-ones and three-on-twos there
must have been 10 odd man rushes against like yeah it's the second game of back-to-back you
had to travel but still it's you can't win giving up breakaways like that you're leaving your goalie
out to dry it doesn't matter who's in net.
So it was a great effort by the Habs who look solid, man.
That place is hard to play.
If they keep playing like this, I think Gallagher's got five goals
through 11 games.
Look at that.
That's on pace for, you know, 40, 35, 40,
which is kind of what he's done the last two, three years.
So a bunch of guys.
And Armia, I like him.
I think he was a former
first rounder too so there was a lot there's some skill there i mean he's big strong he could skate
maybe now he's really figuring out how to play the game and and drew in good for him drew ends
look great he had two two one breakaways yesterday so for him to become a 60 70 point guy is really
what they need and that's what they were imagining in the trade form they have such a good skating team too fast yeah my main concern as i mentioned in pre-season
uh or when we're doing our breakdowns was just the fact that you know when when push comes to
shove they do have a very small lineup and and you know playoff hockey gets very physical so i'm just
curious to see if they're able to sneak into playoffs, if they can do any damage with the size of the lineup they do have.
Now, going back to Toronto after the game,
Austin Matthews and a bunch of the big boys were, you know,
getting asked questions, you know, about the early season struggles
based on what expectations were coming in.
You know, he said that, you know, there's no excuse for it.
You mentioned 0-4 and back-to-backs already this season.
Now, as a Leafs fan, we just mentioned
a few of the things that we think they need to address. It's early. And last year, they kind of
came in flying around and they were buzzing. Everything was going well. Well, sometimes you
want to see those early season struggles and you want to have to battle through that adversity.
Another example we used was Tampa Bay and how they just flew through the regular season in the minute you know a wrench was thrown at them and all of a sudden there was adversity there to
face they didn't know how to deal with it and that was against the Columbus Blue Jackets when they
ended up getting swept so not a terrible thing let's see if they can turn things around but
there's definitely a lot of fucking things they need to adjust and uh and get into rhythm with
all these studs they do have in the lineup. All right, quick little shout-out for something I had written down
I didn't want to forget.
As the NHL season goes on, right, there's 2,542 games that are played,
so it's nonstop.
The news changes every week.
Well, we did have to talk a little bit about Jack Hughes' slow start.
Well, there was nothing else to talk about.
Look at now.
He's got five points in nine games now.
I think he had three points the other night, a six-snipe on the power play.
So it just shows that as much as things can look bad in a four-
or five-game span, they can change so quick.
So congrats to him for really picking up his play
and really showing why he was the first overall pick.
It was fun to watch the other night.
And talk about the ultimate chicklet's bump for our boy Hazy, huh?
He starts by to say hello before the game,
gets what, well, he almost had two that night.
One was ruled off sides,
then he gets in a fucking nasty one in Columbus last night.
Boom.
He also got a little,
I think it was a face wash tutorial from our boy Biz.
So maybe it was,
was that going on in the bathroom, Biz,
when you were showing him all your faces? Yeah, he forgot his face face wash on the road and i'd already done my face wash tutorial so i brought
him back in and gave him the breakdown again so i know i was getting made fun of for for looking
like sean avery with that glossy finish but i've been washing my face with keel products for a
while i did end up transitioning to a new um line, which is top notch. Not going to say the name.
You'll see it in the video.
And I don't know.
We have a lot of followers who seem to like to rip on me for just taking care of my face and being hygienic.
Yeah, but those same followers don't have signs saying easy kill section 313.
That's true.
Maybe you're doing something that works.
Yeah, that's a James Worthy finger roll right there.
Not too many people getting those type of signs.
We were just talking about Toronto
a second ago. In case you're not aware, that's
where the Hockey Hall of Fame is, and that's where
our next guest is going to be in a few years.
Duncan Keith, this guy's absolute
stud. Like we said a few
minutes ago, we didn't know what to expect. Some
guys, they just come in the room and they exude
cool. Well, Duncan Keith exudes cool. Fantastic interview. I think everybody's going to enjoy it.
We're going to send it over to him right now. Well, gang, before we get to this next stud,
Duncan Keith, just want to let you know this at his interview was brought to you by Ernest.
Life can be unpredictable, but you don't want that to affect your bank account.
Whether you want to lower your monthly expenses or pay off debt sooner, Ernest student loan refinancing has a solution for you. If you are still paying the
same rate you were when you graduated, odds are you could reduce your monthly payment and save big.
Even if you have refinanced before, with today's low rate environment, most people can save by
refinancing again. Earnest is the easiest way to refinance your student loans, saving you time and
money. Checking your new rate is fast and easy. To start, complete a few questions online. It only takes two minutes,
and you'll get a personalized rate estimate, all without affecting your credit score.
If you qualify, earnest office, customizable loan terms, and no fees. You can even combine
private and federal loans. Imagine having one single monthly payment with one low rate.
That's ideal.
Already financed a loan?
I'm sorry, already refinanced a loan?
No problem.
You can still be eligible to lower your interest rate again.
Plus, the interest loves Earnest because it's customer service.
They're rated 9.4 out of 10 on Trustpilot, so you'll always get the support you need.
Start saving today.
Our listeners get a 100 cash bonus when you refinance a student loan at earnest.com slash chiclets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Again, that's a 100 cash bonus when you refinance a student loan at
earnest.com slash chiclets.
Go to earnest.com slash chiclets today.
Terms and conditions apply.
And that is E-A-R-N-E-S-T.com.
Holy shit, guys.
Holy shit, Checklist listeners.
You know that I get going for some big-time interviews with some big-time intros.
And right here is a guy whose resume makes the intro very, very easy.
We got a two-time Norris Trophy winner, a two-time gold medal winner a three-time stanley cup champion and a nice little con smith trophy as playoff mbp to wrap it up a guy that i was drafted with the same year he was
uh 49 picks after me not a big deal uh hall of famer someday and legendary defenseman duncan
keith thanks for joining the podcast buddy oh That's a hell of an introduction. Thank you very much. Well, it's a hell of an introduction.
You've done all that.
How fucking wild is this?
It is.
It's been a fun ride.
It's been good.
We've been lucky to be a part of a lot of good teams here in Chicago
and a lot of great teammates, as you guys have seen,
and a great city.
So it's been a lot of fun.
It's been good.
I've got to hear about it, and we've got to get it right out of the way because we talked about it a little bit. Let me bring been a lot of fun. Been good. I got to hear about it, and we got to get it right out of the way
because we talked about it a little bit.
Let me bring it up.
Let me bring it up.
So this is  you don't know this is coming.
So Duncan and I first played  well, we probably played against each other
growing up at some point, but I don't remember.
You were at Michigan State quick.
I was at BU.
We were both freshmen together.
Did not play against each other.
I then turned pro, and my first pro year is the lockout year.
Now, I'm in Wilkes-Barre.
This guy's in Norfolk playing for the Chicago Blackhawks farm team.
I end up fighting Anton Babchuk one game, who hit my defensive partner, Chris Keller, from behind.
I think I kind of beat him up, actually.
Thank you very much.
All of a sudden, the rest of the game, and every time i ever play against this guy the rest
of the season he's like whitney you fucking pussy you like fighting you remember this you like
fighting a russian you pussy oh you just gave it to me i remember saying why does this guy hate me
so much jesus christ you remember this i don't know i that's so back in the rear view mirror. He's like, buddy, you think I remember the A.H.L.?
I've played 17 years in the show.
I don't know.
I think when I was a young guy there, I was trying to, you know, do something.
You got your nose in there.
To get in there a little bit.
But maybe there was a little bit of jealousy there.
I don't know.
Because of the draft.
The draft, yeah.
I had a chip on my shoulder.
I respect that.
You know what?
But I will say, I do remember going down.
I flew down to Michigan State.
And you guys actually, on my fly down, you were playing in the game.
Okay, at USA.
And you guys won that game.
And I remember thinking, because it was the draft year.
No, no.
It was the next year.
It was the next year.
There was still talk about high picks.
It would have been my draft year had I not gone to college.
Remember when I was going to college, it said it back a year?
Yeah.
And I remember watching the game, and I remember they said that this Ryan Whitney on defense
was supposed to be a high pick.
And I remember thinking, I'm like, okay, this guy's pretty good.
I watched the game.
Fucking A.
It's an all-star.
It's just hard as a rock right now.
Catch that on camera.
Smooth, calm, and poised with the puck. Oh, thank you, buddy. No, well, so it's an all-star it's just hard to the rock right now catch that on camera smooth, calm
and poised
with the puck
thank you buddy
no well so
it's funny
so thinking back
to you as a player
and say
you bring it up
correctly
like players
know other players
you know who
alright this guy's
my age
my draft
offensive defenseman
and right away
I saw you
like this kid
like the way you skate
is so different
from other people
you almost hop around out there and you've always been this just dynamic skater.
Like that's always been your number one strength, right?
Yeah, I just knew I was always a small kid, right?
So I felt like I had to be quick.
And I remember, you know, it's funny you say the hop because my dad actually, when he was telling me to skate, he'd always say, get a hop going.
So I just do it naturally now.
But if I didn't do the hop when we were on the outdoor rinks,
he would always come and point it out and tell me,
you've got to make sure you're getting the hop going.
I don't know what the hop's for.
Just to get you in the play, get involved.
But I take my son now to a skating coach, Boris Dorzenko,
and I think he's really good.
And I see some of the stuff that he's got them doing out there,
and he's getting my son to do, you know, jump a little bit out there.
It's like they're almost, it's that old Russian kind of just Ukrainian school of thought.
I think he was a little bit in some ways.
So I have so many questions getting into the career, but going back quickly,
and you're talking about the visit at Michigan State.
So for people who don't know, this guy, big recruit, goes to Michigan State,
plays his freshman year.
Halfway through sophomore year, you end up leaving.
You go to Kelowna in the WHL, which wasn't that common then.
And that was after you'd been drafted.
Was that like talking to Blackhawks?
That's what they wanted?
Had you had enough?
What was the deal with leaving school?
Yeah, that was a tough decision because, you know,
obviously you're with your teammates in the midseason.
You got really close with some of those guys,
and you're leaving the team voluntarily, you know.
It's not like you're getting traded and you have to leave.
Yeah, you're deciding to do it.
But there was a lot of things that went into it.
And, you know, for myself, you're on a full-ride scholarship,
but we still had to pay to get there.
And you get that check for 2,200,
and that's supposed to last you for four months.
And, you know, my parents had done  I have an older brother, a younger sister.
They were in school too.
So the money was kind of playing a factor there.
Really?
And then I was able to  the opportunity to go to Kelowna play at home,
which was, you know, 45 minutes away, where they wouldn't be paying, you know,
money that they didn't have, racking up credit
card bills, and then the opportunity to sign, which I did end up signing less than a year
later with Chicago.
And then that was just the only year in the dub, the next year into the AHL, right?
Yeah.
And that was the year before lockout year. So that was your NHL season, your first year
pro.
Yeah.
But you didn't get called up. That was more you took a full two seasons.
I wasn't really ready at all, really.
I mean, it was good that I left college and kind of was able to make that jump
to the American League and learn the pro game and things like that,
but definitely learned a lot there.
I had Trent Yanni as my coach.
That guy, people liked him a lot.
I was pretty lucky to get drafted and have
him as the coach.
I was healthy scratch sometimes.
It was like a rotation. We had a lot of young players
on the team.
I just kind of took it as a learning year.
Learned a lot.
Going back to when you transferred out of college
and go to Kelowna, sometimes part of the
reason is knowing that these guys
are going to sign, they want to know what it's going to be like having a similar schedule to the NHL.
Was it hard going from college and the fact that you kind of save up all week for these two games
going into where you're playing three, maybe even four games a week?
Yeah.
Well, it was difficult for me because growing up in a small town in Ontario,
we went to like 11 tournaments and we're playing hockey.
Growing up in a small town in Ontario, we went to like 11 tournaments and were playing hockey. My life was hockey 24-7, even playing Junior A in the BCHL.
We played 60 games there with playoffs.
In Penticton?
In Penticton, yeah.
And then when I went to college, you played two games on the weekend.
You practiced and you got to go to school.
It's so antsy to play in college.
Yeah. weekend you practice and you got to go to school and i it's so antsy to play in college yeah and i
just felt like once i left and went back to junior i felt like i was like oh this is where i'm at you
know i i liked my time in college at michigan state i i loved it i had a great time i made a
lot of great memories relationships friendships and but i just know that when i went to colona
i felt like you know this is where I needed to be,
and I should be.
It's hockey.
Everybody's here to become a hockey player.
Did you hate the coursework, the schoolwork?
Was that part of it?
It was a big part of it, you know.
I was never interested in it.
I think, like, you know, I could go back to school now
if I wanted to and take a course,
and I would find it more interesting,
but I'm taking macroeconomics when I'm 18 years old i had no idea what could have been they could have been
speaking another language they were literally yeah math yeah unless you're me 40 plus 14 is 43
yeah yeah i want to ask you about this so i end up coming in uh stan wilson our trainer's locker
room in arizona and somebody's got a pair i think it was bauer 4000 skates uh getting molded and i said oh i
said who's who's on our team who's wearing bauer 4000s now and he goes oh no those are duncan keys
and i'm like aren't they just here like on a like a two-game swing like why would he do that at home
and he goes no apparently this guy uses a brand new pair of skates every five games. And I'm like, five fucking games?
Does that have a lot to do with how you said you're explosive
or you maybe want that stiff boot?
And is it in fact true you're using a new pair of skates every five games?
And he tapes a bunch of tape on his ankle too, right?
Well, I think that's part of it.
But yeah, I do like a stiff pair of skates
and I haven't been able to get into the new toe caps either.
I still got the cloth toe cap.
No way.
No way.
The old school one.
Why?
You notice a difference?
I just, I never.
Something.
Yeah, the newer plastic one,
it just didn't feel like it fit my foot properly.
Looks a little more bulkier maybe,
feels a little different.
It's weird how that little thing can matter.
Yeah.
So were you using a new pair every five games?
Well, not every five, but there's been times where if I could use a pair for one game,
I could say, no, they're not good.
I'm getting rid of these.
Or I had a good pair last year for like 25 games.
It was good.
That's a good pair, 25 games.
So that was like Derek Morris.
Every time I got a pair of skates, other than the time I got a new one
and I put them in the in the oven and forgot and Stan was like hey these have been in there for an hour
and they were like mush but you're you I took the skates that I was given and that's all I was
getting now Derek Morris used to do that he'd put on a pair of skates he'd mold them up the way he
did the last time and he'd be like no there's just something not right right about it similar
to the way Sidney Crosby was with his wooden blades yeah so so that's you can tell like a
slight difference oh yeah like every skate is gonna be different but i get that and bauer does
a really good job you know jerry trump i gotta put a plug in for him because he's the guy that's
big time rep you know looking after my skates all the time and you know i feel bad sometimes
because they look exactly the same like
no they're not they're different sorry bud he's like no problem he closed the door that
motherfucker these are the same these are the fucking same i made them the exact same yeah
but i get a practice pair a game pair and if i get a really you know pair that i've used for a
while and they're they're mush by then,
I'll put them to the practices and keep a strong, stiff pair for a game.
What do you got from him, R.A.?
I'm going to get dragged for this, but when I was researching,
I saw you were a Boston Bruins fan.
How did that come about?
Is that like a generational thing?
Your dad was a fan of something?
Yeah, well, my dad is a bit of a hockey fanatic,
so I don't know really how it got into Boston.
I like the colors back in the day.
I still got that old jersey, number eight.
That's the origin of the jersey.
The Wham Bam Cam jersey?
Yeah.
Wow.
Number eight.
There was no one without a Cam, right?
Yeah, I liked him and Ray Bork, obviously.
And so I was kind of for a defenseman.
Yeah, my dad would always talk about the big bad Bruins, you know.
He's getting a hard on over here.
I always say, tell me more.
No, it's similar.
That's what was crazy about being in the finals with them, you know,
because you grow up idolizing a certain team and players
and then all of a sudden you're driving through the streets of Boston
here on the team bus and people
are giving us the finger as we're going through there you know not in boston holy well so you you
end up you know you got the two years in the ahl and then once you make the team out of training
camp it was uh maybe oh five oh six you guys weren't like great right away right i mean it
wasn't like it took you you were here when it was still fucking 9 000 people at the games right yeah i remember i remember one of the preseason
games i wasn't playing in there was like four or five us we sat right in the lower bowl in the
stands nobody said anything we're walking the concourse i didn't know any better so i'm just
thinking like ah this is great to be in the nhl but it seems a little bit different like can't
even get into the bars here and getting turned down yeah they're like what you know who do you play for nhl pa card they're
like yeah that's cool back in line we uh we we had one guy go to the restaurant and it was
short notice we showed up and jeff hamilton talks to the the red devil yeah the hostess and uh
he asked if we can get a table here for six seven guys with the blackhawks and
they said uh sorry we don't have any affiliation with the military we're just oh my god all right
don't worry about it oh jesus all right yeah we're on the hockey team oh that then we really
have no affiliation yeah please never come back I mean, it took a little while.
Who do you remember as some of the veterans that when you came into the league,
even though the teams weren't great, you still look up to them
and learn how to be a pro from?
Oh, for sure.
There was lots of guys.
My first year, we had such a fun team that year.
I remember everybody just playing pass the ace on the buses with those guys.
And, of course, there wasn't any cell phones back then.
I think there was one guy that had a cell phone, Curtis Brown,
and he was a good veteran.
Todd Simpson was my roommate.
Was Vandermeer on that team?
Jimmy Vandermeer?
Yeah.
I mean.
Well, yeah, he was because he got traded to our team.
He was there through the lockout year, the liners.
So he was there.
Marty LaPointe, Adrian O'Coin, Jim Dowd.
Jimmy Dowd, yeah.
Great guy.
Oh, Jimmy Dowd was a beauty, I heard.
Yeah, he had the pants high.
But he was righty.
Yeah.
So there was lots of good guys.
They all kind of took everybody under their wing
and made it a real fun year,
even though we were out of playoffs by December.
You played with Mark Bell and I remember,
I don't know if you were on the team at the time, but he fought Josh
Gratton. Oh, I remember that fight.
Mark Bell.
Mark Bell, I didn't know he would fight a guy like that.
Sneaky tough. Sneaky tough.
He beat the wheels off
Gratton. And I remember he got
him about three times, square in the face
and afterward they'd separated
him and mark bell and the referee are like laughing like is this guy serious because
josh gratton could take a punch and he took three knockout punches and was still conscious i was i
think i was on the ice watching that fight right up close thinking holy crap this guy can take a
punch did you hear that mark bell could throw throwing that well i did a little bit actually
because i'd seen him fight a few other times and i but i knew gratton from the minors and
sharpie was telling me about gratton now his face is basically like cement and yeah like his bones
are thick right well apparently one time he he was punched so hard he got cut but it didn't bleed
it was just a cut yeah like where's the blood? Like, it's behind your wall of bone in your face that nobody can break.
That's forehead no one can cave in.
Oh, my God, yeah.
That's a wild team that you had then.
I want to actually go back to the draft for a second.
I don't know if it's an urban myth or true that Pulpit supposedly said you were the worst pick in team history.
I'm sure you've heard that by now.
Is that actually something that was said?
Well, I don't know if that was said.
Somebody has told me over the years there that he wasn't happy that they drafted me.
They wanted me.
They wanted fifth overall.
They were like, what is this guy?
That's true.
That guy said that.
Who was that then?
The GM?
Bob Pulford.
Yeah.
A few people have mentioned that to me.
I guess he wasn't happy that we drafted me.
You didn't hear it until later, so it wasn't something you heard early
to kind of fuel you on a little bit or anything?
No, I never really heard that early on.
It kind of came back after the fact, after several years.
Oh, you had that Whitney diss to keep the fight as great.
Yeah, exactly.
That goofy funk.
R.A. brought this point up with Soap.
Ten-year anniversary of you guys winning that first cup of the three.
I didn't know it was this crazy, but you guys were getting after it that entire season.
Oh, yeah.
No social media.
As one of the main pieces to that team, just like walk us through.
I've been hearing it's like every weekend you guys were going out,
and it was like a college fucking party it really was it was uh it was uh it was a great team great time i remember
we would be sitting in the lounge after practice you know guys that filter out of there but i
remember there was like regularly after practice till like three o'clock guys would be hanging out
in there just you know shooting the shit the shit, talking hockey, whatever,
talking about what we did the night before.
And I think just everybody enjoyed being around each other so much.
They were probably, everybody was around 23, 24, 25, 26.
And we had just started to get good, you know.
Rocky took over the team.
We were back on TV.
And we had quite a few guys there
with some good big personalities.
We had Ben Eager, Versteeg on the team.
Was that when Ben Eager was stealing the puck?
Remember how Philly, every team would.
You win a playoff game, you keep the puck,
and you're trying to chase 16.
Was it Versteeg or Eager?
It was Eager who went and took
didn't he take the puck from Pronger
or something like that, and there was all of a sudden this beef through the meat?
I think that was Eager.
I can't remember who did that, but I remember Pronger wanted the pucks.
Yeah, he did.
He got all the pucks.
I remember that now.
So that's a thing.
When you have married guys and older guys on a team, practice ends,
and you head home, well, all of a sudden if it's 3 o'clock and all the boys are still hanging in a city like this,
it must have just been that started it all, that one year.
Yeah, I remember we were always at the Pony on a Sunday night.
The schedule seemed different back then.
It seemed like we played Friday, Sunday afternoon and then didn't play until Wednesday.
And I don't know, it seems now we're playing every other day and I don't know it seems now we're
playing every other day I don't know if the schedule is different now or what but it's
the parity in the league is tougher now too right every team's good and back then it was like yeah
your top six seven teams and you know a group in the middle and then kind of the bottom so you
would circle the days where you could play guilty you You're like, yeah, I'm going to go out in this city that night.
A little bit, but it was, you know, when you're on a really good team,
you know that you can kind of get away winning without playing your best.
And I don't know.
I think guys just like being around each other.
It was always that Sunday.
Hang out.
That's like an AHL thing, too.
Usually Sunday nights in the AHL is your go night.
You guys are like, we're transferring this to the National League national league only difference is in those small cities there's no girls
so your first cup's 2010 yeah so that fucking winter you won the gold medal yeah and then you
that leads into the cup like that team you were you surprised you made that team or you were
already like all right dude like i'm gonna be a big role on this Canadian Olympic team in van?
Yeah, well, I knew that it was going to be a tough team to make, obviously.
But they had that orientation camp, so I knew I was kind of in the mix.
What, in the summer?
Yeah.
So getting invited to that, you're like, all right, dude,
I have a legit chance here.
Yeah, and I knew going into that season, obviously,
I wanted to have a good year, a good start to the year
to get myself on the radar for that team and make the team.
Had you already won a Norris then?
No.
You hadn't won a Norris before that.
So what years did you win the Norris?
2010 and 2014.
So that year you won the gold medal, the cup,
and then the Norris trophy.
It was a big year.
And then that's so, and just thinking like, it was a good year. Yeah. It was a big year. And just thinking like, no.
It was a good year.
Yeah, it was a decent year.
When you were playing in Norfolk those two years,
you could tell you were going to be a good NHLer,
but did you even imagine it was going to be this,
that you'd end up being a Hall of Famer?
You may have believed it inside,
but it had to shock you a little how amazing this is now gone
and how good you've been.
Well, I appreciate that.
But I think for myself, I always believed in myself.
I always thought that I could be a certain player
and I always just wanted to get better.
So I always just kept working and working.
Never rested on anything.
And I was a little bit of a late bloomer in a lot of ways
in the sense of physical maturity.
I'm still not the biggest guy, but I feel like I'm strong now, whereas it took me a long time to get there.
Like you got wider.
You didn't get much taller, but you just got stronger and thicker.
Yeah.
And I think that helped.
But, you know, just, I don't know, for some reason, I think because think because i was small you know and back then there
was there was you know not many of you no there was really wasn't and and uh i don't know if that
was motivation but motivation to get you know you to be quick out there and use my speed to bring
something different to the table and and not have to be overly physical like well and that's what
uh you know why i really appreciated having having Trent Yanni as my coach.
It was the perfect situation for me going to the minors
as a smaller, skinnier defenseman
because I'd always have these coaches tell me to go in there
and be physical, play tough, play mean.
I'm like, I can do that, but it's like I'm not doing anything.
The guy's 30 pounds heavier.
Wasting energy.
Wasting energy.
And so he taught me and brought me aside after practice all the time
and would show me about having a good stick and just being containing
and good positioning, taking angles, your angles, going back for pucks.
And, you know, I felt like that really helped me with a foundation.
So I'm very, very lucky to have a guy like that, your first year pro.
You know, and being who I am or the person I was,
I really wanted to learn.
He was a former NHL defenseman.
That's an awesome story of what the AHL can do, really.
Absolutely, and a good coach.
I wanted to transition into Quinville.
Of course, you had to say goodbye to him
as a head coach last year.
When you came up, did you guys establish
a good relationship from the beginning?
Do you still have a good relationship?
And going back to it, was it really hard seeing him go?
Yeah, it was tough.
I mean, with Q, you know, we had such a young team,
and then when he came in, it was like all of a sudden
he had that huge presence in the locker room,
and everybody, you know, respected respected him and so we did everything
that he wanted and asked for and and you know our practices just changed overnight it was quick
hard passes on the tape who do you play sorry quickly who did he come in after he came in after
yeah yeah what a difference it must have been and savvy Savvy was good too, but, I mean, Joel just has a real strong presence about him.
And for a group of young guys that we were at the time,
we really fed into everything he was saying and learned a lot from him.
Probably one of the best things about Joel is that he, for myself
and for the teams we had that he he allowed
us to to play the game and not overthink it you know where I think sometimes the way it is now it
seems like you gotta every every little situation is already played out for you you know laid out
for you how to play it when to me hockey's it's got to be you got to be able to read and react
and think quickly and be natural out there.
And that's kind of what I appreciated about Joel the most.
That's why when I asked, like, your first year on the Q,
well, I was going to say your career year, that was your first career year under him.
Was it just as simple as him unleashing the reins upon you?
Maybe they had too many reins on you at Savard?
Excuse me.
Well, no.
I don't know.
The team was better? Yeah, the team was better, I don't know.
The team was better?
Yeah, the team was better, I think.
And I never really got much of an opportunity.
I was always an offensive defenseman growing up in junior hockey at Michigan State.
When I went to the minors, they never played me on the power play, actually, for two years because he wanted to kind of, I don't know, rewire my brain or get me to think, you know,
defensively, use my quickness to defend.
And, you know, so then the first few years, Jans was the coach and Savvy took over
and I still wasn't on the power play.
And after a while, I'm getting kind of like, hey, like I can do more than just, you know,
kill penalties and play five on five.
And then it kind of got into contract negotiations and, you know,
for doing the long deal that I'm on now.
The 13-year.
And I was thinking in my head, I'm like, well, I love it here,
and I like it here, the guys and everything,
but am I just going to be, you know, a guy that, you know,
this is what I'm pigeonholed kind of as, and I knew that I had more.
Like 18 minutes a night.
I knew I had offensive potential.
I know I can see the game, and I believe in myself.
And so, you know, in the contract negotiations, I told my agent,
I'm like, I'm not going to sign any deal, you know,
unless I'm getting an opportunity on the power play.
Like I'm just  I haven't got one yet.
It's been  what was it then?
Four or five years, you know, basically.
That's crazy.
And so then the next day I was on the power play.
Like, all right, I got a little power.
I got a little power in this.
It was like I would be on the second unit a little bit there,
but the first two or three years it was nothing.
Well, Campbell was their guy.
Campbell was good, and he's, you know, know he was good and we had Cam Barker but I said like I've never been given
a chance to like run a power play and be the guy and that amazed me because it's all communication
sometimes certain people don't even kind of go down that path where maybe you weren't even asked
maybe he was like oh maybe he didn't want to play power play. I've seen a situation in the minors where our coach
Who doesn't want to play power play?
Well, we had a coach who assumed that one guy played this type of role in junior
because he didn't know that much about him.
And he had to go up to the coach and say, hey,
I noticed that there's some holes here with some injuries.
You know that I played power play in junior and this and that.
And he's like, well, I didn't know you were going to be comfortable playing at that level, but now playing junior and this and that and he's like well i
didn't know you were going to be comfortable playing at that level but now that you came in
and said something like and that and that you might be like well that's a bad coach but they
have so many things to think about maybe they didn't even realize it yeah and and it's nice
that you fucking finally came up and well you're like dude i can dish it to kane and taves and
sharp and most stuff i can get 55 60 points. I'm getting a shot here, bud.
But that's pretty cool.
The other thing I wanted to ask you about is a couple teammates.
And just because I had the chance to play with them for half a season and in a playoff run, but Marion Hossa, he doesn't get brought up enough,
and it kind of sucks how everything ended with the weird,
like allergic issue he had.
But when you first got to play with him that season,
after he lost two cups in a row on two different teams,
were you just blown away right away?
Oh, right away.
I knew when we signed him, you know, we met him at the convention.
We went for dinner.
You know, we'd played him the year before when he was in Detroit,
so we knew what we were getting.
They beat you guys in the conference finals that year, didn't they?
Yeah, and he scored some nice goals against us, him and Datsuk,
and obviously playing him against them when he was in Atlanta and Pittsburgh.
But the thing about Hose is that everybody doesn't get the hype or whatever
that certain guys have gotten over the years on our team anyway.
But you see what's happened when we've lost Hose.
He made a lot of things go,
and whether it was offensively, defensively, guaranteed.
You look at his stats.
It's crazy.
And he was still doing it right when his last year.
So hard to get the puck off of him and so strong.
Even in practice, he literally can hold you off with one hand and
he's so good just handling the puck with one one other hand and he was thick too in the locker
room you're like what we just saw him in in prague when we were there oh really yeah because he came
over he looked great yeah he looked like he could still play so so is it a case where when now if
he starts wearing the gitch again that gets gets washed with all the gitch, his skin just breaks out.
Yeah, I never knew.
I never knew it was that bad.
And then we started noticing these red patches that he'd have,
and it looked painful.
And then he stopped practicing because it kept,
and he was just playing games by the end of it.
I guess they got on some, they had to do some medication and stuff
that was pretty serious stuff
that you probably don't want to be on for a while.
I don't know what it was, but he just said it wasn't worth it.
Wow.
Man, we could ask you about so many guys, too.
We could go back to Big Buff, I think.
Sure.
We had soaps going off on him last night, not only playing with him,
but every day.
I don't know if you played with him at all.
I know you played with him.
I used to room with that guy, so I can give you a few.
Oh, come on. Let's go, baby.
We really started part two of this podcast. Let's go, baby.
I don't know. I don't want to say too many.
Yeah, you'll assume, but
family-friendly story, maybe, that, you know.
There are.
I got one. So when he first got here,
I know one of the summers, they
kept him here just to keep his weight down.
Yeah.
Is the story about them asking him to go on a diet and then it was a GM or someone in management walked by in Wrigleyville and he was just crushing this huge thing of like fries and nacho cheese and hamburgers.
You guys know the story when he got drafted, right?
Let's hear it.
Well, they called him. This is when he got drafted, right? You all know that one. Let's hear it. Well, they called him.
This is when he's 17 years old.
They call him up.
Say, hey, Buff, we drafted you.
We'd like you to come to our rookie camp.
It's in three weeks.
This guy's going to be getting a hold of you, blah, blah, blah.
Okay.
And hangs up the phone.
As soon as he hangs up the phone he unplugs all the phones
in his house and basically disappears he doesn't want to go to the rookie rookie thing he's like
wait it's in a week so they had to put out like a nationwide search just to get a hold of him they
couldn't get a hold of him just because he didn't want to go for some summer camp he wanted to enjoy
his summer he just drafted we're sitting in there. He finally got there.
They found him and got him there.
I just remember we'd be sitting in a lounge like this,
and there'd be a TV there.
And, of course, he's sitting front and center holding the remote.
And everybody's just sitting around laughing with him,
laughing at him a little bit.
But he's buff.
He's a comedian.
He never has a bad day.
Oh, no.
And guys were asking him, just getting to know him.
Have you heard of Joe Sackick?
He's like, who's that guy?
Never heard of Brandon Shanahan.
Never heard of him.
Never knew anything.
I don't watch hockey.
He's like, I'm just good at it. I don't even know what you're talking about.
It's not even a level of disrespect. He's like, I just don't know. He's like, who are the blackhawks I don't even know what you're talking about. It's not even a level of disrespect.
He's like, I just don't know.
He's like, who are the black Hawks?
He loves hockey.
Don't get me wrong.
Just because he doesn't watch it.
He loves playing.
He loves playing hockey.
But he doesn't necessarily care about the other shit.
Yeah.
Like, I played against Buff when he was in Roseau.
I was in Fort Francis, and we played minor hockey against him.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Oh, so you're part of Ontario that's that close to many.
Right on the border with International Falls, yeah.
Was he like William Wallace?
He stuck out, yeah.
Oh, we're playing this guy Dustin Bufflet.
Apparently he's 6'2", 200 pounds, and 13 years old.
Well, the thing is, the way it was is we were in Pee Wee or Adam,
and in Minnesota we were always like two years older
than the guys we were playing against.
So I'm two years older than Buff.
And I shouldn't really be playing.
I'm 12.
I shouldn't be playing a 10-year-old.
Well, he's the size of a 16-year-old.
And he was still bigger than everybody.
But we always did good against those teams because we were always older.
But I knew Buff.
He was good back then.
And he had skill, the same thing.
He was just such a beast.
I remember playing with him.
You probably have memories of him dominating physically
way before I did,
but watching that series, your first cup against Philly,
remember he was crushing Pronger?
It was like, who is this guy?
He became a household name.
You don't see Pronger getting dummied in the corner.
He was Brent Seabrook before,
or excuse me, he was Brent Burns before Brent Burns.
He was just going from D to offense, dominating both positions.
Did he ever play D here?
He did, yeah.
He scored a hat trick as a defenseman here.
Just one time in pucks from the point, 5-iron-3.
But he's the strongest guy I've ever played against and played with.
Natural, too.
Natural, yeah.
He used to pick up our trainer
he was a smaller guy and just just randomly run into the the room pick him up throw him on his
shoulders and then sprint out like he was carrying a three-year-old toddler on his shoulders you know
like just stupid stuff like that but you're just oh i love that you listen to boff stories it's
tough to transition out of boff to other guys he said he took a year off when he was 14 or 15.
I asked him why.
He's like, I just wanted to go hunting more.
So he just took a year off.
God bless him, though.
That's what I was going to get to kind of end Buff.
But you could see how right now he's maybe just like,
dude, I don't know if I want to play anymore.
I've done it all.
And he just is such on his own terms where you could totally see what's going on now, right?
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, I haven't talked to him.
I haven't even bothered reaching out to him because I'm sure he's had a lot of, yeah.
I'm sure he's got a lot of people and he's going to make his decision, right?
And I know that he does love playing the game and loves hockey but
he also loves his family he's got kids now and you know and he does like ice fishing other other
things outside of selfishly i don't want to see it end for buff like that because i feel like he's
a type of hockey character that deserves a better send-off but once again i i just don't think he
cares about that he he's made a decision and and if he comes back, he comes back.
If not...
He likes fishing and hunting.
Could you blame the guy?
No.
No.
What else do we have for you?
All right, so you get the Philly Cup.
Then you go on and you beat R.A.'s Bruins.
Yeah, we got to go there.
Game six, late in the game.
You guys are down one.
What's the thought on the Blackhawks bench?
Not that it's over, but what's going through the team's mind at that point when you're down that late in the game, you guys are down one. What's the thought on the Blackhawks bench? Not that it's over, but what's going through the team's mind at that point
when you're down that late in the game?
Well, it's funny you guys bring that up because I actually think I
I feel like I caused that goal.
Was it the Lucic one?
Yeah.
Because I think I played it back behind the net.
And what happened was about three or four minutes ago,
I had lost an edge and didn't have those holders
to change out your steal right away.
So I was basically playing on the one,
trying not to turn, and they couldn't fix it.
And I didn't want to waste it.
No, you're out of the game for five minutes.
Yeah, and then, you know, the game's over.
We're going to overtime.
And so I was trying to play or make do with, you know,
one edge being completely gone it's
near impossible especially how you play i was making you know decisions and that time i didn't
i normally wouldn't have just played it back but i didn't pivot or whatever and they scored and i
was like oh god here we go like you know game seven who knows i'm like i started thinking like
you know okay like if we end up going back to Chicago here,
like we're going to have to win game seven.
You know, I don't want this on my plate that I may have a turnover down there.
You're thinking that.
Yeah.
You're thinking that.
That's crazy.
And I'm thinking, so I got to keep, we got to do everything we can to put pressure on.
So you're still on the shitty edge even after the goal.
Yeah.
And they, I don't know if they, I don't know if I said, you know, that's it.
I got to get the edge done.
And maybe they did take it back.
I can't really remember.
Were you on the ice for either one of the tying or winning goals?
Yeah, the tying one.
You were on there.
Snuck down there, kept it in.
Come on now.
So you were on the bad edge.
Do your fucking homework, Will.
Actually, fuck.
I mean, that wasn't the cup.
He is, I forgot to mention in the intro.
I'm bummed out myself.
The only guy along with Henrik Zetterberg, I think, to score the game, the cup-clinching goal while also winning the Colin Smythe.
So that might have been the next cup.
I mean, I know there's so many you can't remember.
But fuck, I did some research.
So let's hear this.
So you're down a goal.
Now you're like, fuck, I got to get it back.
Yeah, and basically it was just kind of desperation, pressuring.
And normally, well, we scored by Bickle scored the tying goal.
I had snuck down there and just kind of thinking, like,
we've got to keep the pressure on.
They're panicking.
They don't want to make plays.
They're just trying to get it out.
So pinching down, the puck squirted to me, plopped it down to Taser.
Taser right over to Bickle, banging the net.
Apple.
And then you're like, poof, now that mistake is no longer on the plate.
I rectified it.
And you just said it.
It's amazing.
Even a team like Boston getting all the way to the Stanley Cup finals
and they're in game six.
They're up a goal.
You want the game to end.
Yeah.
It doesn't matter how good the team is.
That's just like the amount of pressure winning a Stanley Cup will put on you
where your asshole is going to puck her up.
It doesn't matter.
And you're just like, let's get out of this one and on to the next one.
Not like, boys, we've got to continue to make plays here.
There's five minutes left.
Let's go play Bruins hockey.
But you guys took advantage of that.
You're just waiting for that
clock to tick down and and uh you definitely you know i know boston won a cup so you know
before and so they definitely had a lot of poise but any time any any we i don't know we might have
scored that goal with that tying goal must have been like just over a minute yeah it wasn't much
time right around the now were you surprised that they didn't take a time out after that time goal because i'm still bitter about it
oh really yeah out of the goal take a time out always left his time outs on the board i figured
all right like let's settle down here fucking like get let's get our heads straight i was
expecting to be i don't know i think that that's kind of looking at it easy to look easy to look
back in 2010 no it's easy to look look back 2020 vision or whatever they call it.
Hindsight.
Hindsight, yeah, yeah.
Hindsight's always 20.
That's why you left Michigan State.
Exactly.
I'd kill for 2020 vision.
That's fucking crazy.
I don't remember that.
I don't know.
What would the timeout have done, really?
I mean, it's tied up, you know?
Yeah, yeah.
They got a minute.
They're a good team.
They can go score. They got a a good team. They can go score.
They got a really good team.
They can get through that.
And I sat down on the bench and couldn't believe it happened again, you know.
Yeah, tell me about it.
And then bowling.
It must have been 20 seconds.
Bowling didn't help.
17 seconds.
But who's counting?
Now your emotion goes from, oh, my God.
I went from thinking about going home game seven.
I got number two now.
Now I got number two.
Yeah.
Literally within a matter of minutes, I'm thinking like on the bench i gotta i gotta have the best game my i might have to have
the best game my life game seven back in chicago i'm thinking about you know running in my head
real quick i'm like but there's still time left let's just see what happens just pressure you
know and and try to desperately get one obviously um boland just uh last skate with the hawks right he just did one
recently where he come he came out they've been doing that yeah oh yeah jr did one i think eddie
old chuck did one i'm sure you got to spend some time with you guy you want to cup with what was
that like well bully uh he just lived down the street from me when he played so it was great
seeing him we had dinner in florida a couple years ago he just plays golf down there now i didn't get to see him when he was here to
be honest with you uh but you know i saw him on the ice there and it's uh it's funny you know
because he's the type of guy you'd still love to have on your team you know and but obviously when
you're you're out of the game for two or three months, whatever, it's tough to come back, let alone two or three years.
A lot of great memories with Boland,
and he was all part of that group of guys on the 2010 team
where we were out on a Sunday night and getting up to no good.
Speaking of that 2010 team, did you know Kane's goal was a goal right away?
Or were you one of the confused?
I was confused.
I didn't want to, you know, it's a nightmare thinking about, like,
what if this isn't, we're all celebrating here,
and what if the goal is called back?
So I didn't want to get my hopes up.
I went right across to the referee.
I think it was Walkham.
Steven?
You've got a fucking memory on you. Not really, to be honest with you. I think it was Walkham. Steven? You got a fucking memory on you, eh?
Not really, to be honest with you.
I just remember that.
No, he's got 20, 20.
But I went over to the ref, and I looked at him,
and I said, what was it, a goal?
And the guys are celebrating.
And he just looked at me like this.
It's over, dude.
He never said anything.
No shit.
He didn't know. He didn't even know. So Walkham didn't even know? He didn't say no shit like you know he didn't know so he didn't walk him didn't even know anything i mean he didn't know i don't think anybody really knew
the where was the puck you know i didn't know i mean it wasn't underneath the padding that
doesn't happen but kane knew right away you saw it in there and you know he just obviously
celebrated i know because the video actually i i clearly remember like he's going to the goalie
and then there's so many of you guys kind of looking.
You don't even, like you're saying, it's a nightmare.
The crowd didn't even react.
No.
Yeah, because they're Philly scumbags.
They're probably getting in.
There was probably a fight in the lower bowl.
They were all at that.
Dirt bags in Philly.
Oh, man.
We could ask you.
We could do a five-hour series.
Anything that you thought we were going to ask you about?
Anything I thought you guys?
I have one more.
Well, we haven't.
Anything you maybe wanted to touch on?
I have one more before you go.
What was the celebration in Sochi for the second gold medal?
I played there.
What did you guys do there?
Rip it up.
Nothing?
It was just we had the whole Team Canada thing.
Yeah, really nothing crazy.
We had Team Canada.
We celebrated with the girls, the female team.
Apparently, the females had already won the gold, right?
And then they wrote you guys a letter and put it underneath someone's door.
It ended up going viral where they were like,
hey, if we could pull it off, you guys could pull it off,
rah-rah type of stuff.
Do you remember anything about that?
Oh, I'm thinking of Van.
I don't specifically remember that, but I do remember, though,
you know, at the Olympic Games, I'm sure it was like that with Team USA
where they try to, you know, with Team Canada, you're all one,
whether you're hockey or curling or whatever.
It was actually awesome.
It's pretty cool, yeah.
So you start cheering for, you get to meet, you know,
different athletes
on different sports and watch them.
They win.
You're happy for them.
So it's a pretty cool experience that way.
Who were you paired with in that Olympics?
Or was it kind of mumble-jumble, like everyone played with everyone?
Because you would have a 7D, right?
Yeah.
I was with, I thought I was with Weber that Olympics.
That's a decent one.
I've heard of him.
Was Babcock the coach of that particular team?
Yeah.
Okay.
How was it playing for him?
We've had mixed reactions about playing for Babcock with I-10s.
Yeah.
Well, I know that he gets a lot of bad rap sometimes from players,
but I enjoyed it.
I thought it was really good.
I learned a
lot from him and you know i kind of go into it wide-eyed like you know trying to learn from all
the other players and you look around the room you just you can't believe it's crazy yeah you
know it really is like it's wild those team canadas are it's like who was the guy who who
impressed you the most just by his whole demeanor, the way he approached the game even maybe in each of those
two Olympics that you were in?
My first one was Scott Niedermeyer
and you know what, Joe Thornton was
awesome too.
He had a limited role in that one, didn't he?
In 2010, Thornton
he's just a great guy.
It was my first Olympics, I'd never won anything
then and he's just loose
and so that kind of goes a long way for a young guy It was my first Olympics. I'd never won anything then, and he's just loose.
So that kind of goes a long way for a young guy.
You don't really realize, especially some BC, it's where I live.
Everybody's there, right?
Okay, you're from that. But I remember looking at Scott Niedermeyer going into that overtime,
and he either was just so  there was honestly a time where I looked at him
and I'm like, does this guy even care?
He's won Olympic gold medals.
He was going into overtime, and he was just, like, walking to get a drink.
Like, it was just, like, walking to get a drink.
He's, like, reading an old National Geographic.
Wow, it's beautiful in Vancouver.
And so I looked at him, and I was thinking, like, this guy is, you know,
he's done it all
and this is just
another period,
another job,
and he's just...
How about in Anaheim
when I was with him,
he'd just have the little,
he'd sweat just right here.
No sweat, 30 minutes.
This guy's hair isn't even wide.
He just played 30 minutes.
He was a freak.
Let's ask you about the,
we had Mike Richards on
and this was in
the Vancouver Olympics
and Dowdy ended up sleeping in a little
bit for that gold medal game do you remember that i do i do the trainers the trainers brought him
his underwear and his gear outside there so he could run into the meeting real quick and look
like he was there i couldn't believe it i'm like this guy's this guy's a beauty
and he's dominating yeah how do you and i'm walking to the the bus
thinking like oh i'm so nervous and i got look at this guy and he's sleeping in my d partner like
he's a yoni toothbrush you see my breath's kicking before this big one it's funny it's funny because
like i remember a bunch of funny quotes from interviewing people on on chiclets and mike
richard saying to Doughty,
you slept in
through the gold medal game
of the Olympics?
I'll just like never forget
his disgusted way
he said it to him.
Doughty's like,
I'm good, I'm good,
no worries.
So it's funny
you remember that as well,
but dude,
we appreciate you
coming on here so much, man.
This has been great.
How long have we known?
Do it again.
We got another guy here.
We got one of your new teammates
on deck.
We got a young guy here.
Fuck.
Who are these young guys now, huh? Give me some dirt on this young guy. What's another guy here. We got one of your new teammates on deck. We got a young guy here. Fuck. What with these young guys now, huh?
Give me some dirt on this young guy.
What's this guy like in the room?
He's pretty quiet.
He's living with the Seabrooks right now.
Oh.
They didn't put him with Duncan.
They put him with the Seabrooks.
These young guys now, though, it's a different league than when we came in, right?
Do they still show you respect, though?
He's pretty good.
He's a good Western boy.
Oh, yeah.
He played for the Saskatoon Blades.
I went and dropped the puck there a few weeks ago.
Not a big deal.
Oh, yeah?
Me and Wendell Clark.
And Wendell Clark made me drop,
and I felt like the biggest loser.
I'm like, buddy, they're here to see you.
You're a legend.
He still looks great, by the way.
Yeah, I always watch that YouTube clip of him there.
What was it?
I can't remember the...
Oh, it's like 10 minutes of his hits and fights.
Oh, his hits and fights, yeah.
Best highlight tape ever.
Metallica playing in the background.
Yes, yes.
I've watched that 100 times.
I never hit anyone like that.
But what about this?
I talked about before a bunch of times in this podcast
how players have asked legendary players,
they asked the trainer,
hey, I got a Lidstrom stick.
Do people ask you now to sign sticks?
Yeah, it's kind of funny.
That's pretty sick, dude.
Yeah, I do feel a little humbled when they do that.
I'm like, what do you want my stick for?
Who's the best player to ever have asked for your stick?
Yeah, every time.
Who wants it?
Well, I don't know.
I think Ovi asked for one of my sticks last year.
It might have been for a charity or something.
I don't know.
Sold it on eBay.
Yeah, he sent it back to Russia for some rubles. He gave it to his kid to play in the something. I don't know. Sold it on eBay. Yeah, yeah. He sent it back to Russia
for some rubles.
He gave it to his kid
to play in the driveway.
I'm sure he wasn't keeping it.
It was for somebody else.
Like somebody in Sochi
wants this.
Yeah, I don't need it.
This will pay my mortgage
for the month.
This will keep Putin happy
for a couple weeks.
Well, dude,
I mean,
we didn't even get into
the third Stanley Cup
where you did win.
That was your consmith,
I believe.
But maybe next couple years you come back on. That'd be awesome for us. We appreciate it, dude. It's Stanley Cup where you did win. That was your consummate, I believe. But maybe next couple of years you come back on.
That would be awesome for us.
We appreciate it, dude.
It's been a pleasure to watch you.
Hall of Fame career.
So congrats to you and thanks for coming on.
I appreciate it.
Thanks for having me and good to see you boys again.
Nice to see you didn't yell at Whit today too.
Yeah, he doesn't even remember that I'm that much of a pigeon.
Wow, man, that was a great interview with Duncan Keith.
I wish they could all be that good.
I just want to mention it was also brought to you by ZipRecruiter.com.
Hiring can be a slow process.
Cafe Altura's COO, Dylan Miskiewicz, needed to hire a director of coffee for his organic coffee company,
but he was having trouble finding qualified applicants.
So he switched to ZipRecruiter.
ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you.
It finds them for you.
Its technology identifies people with the right experience and invites them to apply to your job,
so you get qualified candidates fast. Dylan posted his job on ZipRecruiter and he said he was
impressed by how quickly he had great candidates apply. He also used ZipRecruiter's candidate
rating feature to filter his applicants so he could focus on the most relevant ones.
And that's how Dylan found his new director of coffee in just a few days.
With results like that, it's no wonder four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter
get a quality candidate within the first day.
See why ZipRecruiter is effective for businesses of all sizes.
Try ZipRecruiter for free at our web address, ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets,
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
That's ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets,
ziprecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Huge thank you to Duncan Keith.
I know you guys probably enjoyed that one.
Moving along, have you guys heard about this uh this dildo that is
like bluetooth synced into the world series games where like hits end up making it vibrate a certain
way and walks make it vibrate a certain way and i was fascinated i ended up tweeting out uh um
or commenting on the tweet that talked about this new toy that they've launched. And I'm thinking, how has hockey not jumped on this?
Imagine like body checks and fist fights and whatever it may be,
getting on this machine for girls and linking it up to NHL playoff games.
You want to get excited over playoff baseball, which I do love playoff baseball,
but they got to get this going.
So I'm going to make sure I get on the phone with Bettman
and see if I can incorporate this new Bluetooth dildo
into NHL hockey playoffs, boys.
I like that, Biss.
I like that a lot.
Speaking of dildos, I'm guessing that the fans of the Colorado Avalanche
would like to mail some dildos to some certain companies out in that area.
Dude, it's 10, 12 games in the season, depending on where you are.
And Avalanche fans still cannot watch this unbelievable Stanley Cup contender
on TV.
Listen, I hate talking about companies and boring fucking cable deals,
but 99 of Denver Cable TV's customers can basically only get direct TV,
Comcast, or Dish, from what I understand,
of the Avs local channel, Altitude.
He's owned by the team's owner.
He had a deal with all three.
Honestly, it's confusing. He's owned by the team's owner. He had a deal with all three. Honestly,
it's confusing. It's boring. But the bottom line is, listen, people out in fucking Denver and
Colorado who are responsible for this, you people got to get your fucking ass in gear because you
have a Stanley Cup contender. You have a good fan base out there, and you guys can't even watch it
on TV. You're sending people to fucking Reddit streams. You're losing money. Get your heads
together. Fucking get in the game and take care of your fucking
fans, man. This is fucking ridiculous. There's no
reason these people shouldn't be able to watch that fucking
team in any city, but particularly this one
right now. Wow.
I love the heatedness. It's crazy.
Maybe the
Avs fans need to really band
together and, I don't know, go to like
City Hall. Is there a City
Hall in Denver? and just throw an
absolute throw a riot start making sure that there's people behind them i don't know what's
going on the fact that you can't watch that team and you haven't even heard that much about it like
needs to be this needs to be brought up in national media help these fans out i mean people
are protesting they got their foreskin chopped off when they were born fucking they're not in
a protest they can't get hockey.
Like, give me a break here.
Another thing too is like, I'm not saying this is going to happen,
but if they start boycotting the games,
like the fans not showing up to the rink,
then all of a sudden the players are like, fuck this.
Now the players get on board and say, we want our building full.
We want our fans to be able to watch us.
So maybe there's a little bit of a little pressure that the,
the organization itself can put on, on the network. Yeah. I mean, I, and I think we have a little bit of cloud here too that the organization itself can put on on the network
yeah I mean I think we have a little bit of clout here too and I don't know I'm not that I'm
fucking anyone but I'm a fan and it's it sucks imagine not be able to watch a team on TV so again
all those idiots out in Denver get your shit together and get your fucking team on TV
not for that Paddy Marlowe had his 15th hundred fifteenth I can't talk hundredth game with the
Sharks he became just the seventh player in NHL history to skate in 1,500 games
with one franchise, including Gordie Howe, Stevie Y,
Nicky Lidstrom, Alex Delvecchio, Ray Bork, and Shane Doan, your buddy.
That's 1,664 total games for Marleau.
I still got some nice wheels.
You got some new skates, too.
I mean, I say 1,500 games put you in the Hall of Fame.
That's my opinion.
I think we say this every time.
Keep going, Patrick.
Fucking wild to watch.
What kind of skate did he end up going with, Mikey?
You said it.
Was it Bout?
CCM.
CCM.
All right.
I wonder how he's feeling on those days.
I think he played his 1,500th against Toronto, too, didn't he?
And Matthews and Marner, they had the tummy stick picture at that center.
Which is, of course, we're waving that one off that's allowed oh how about dude how about Corey Perry's quote-unquote tummy stick I think it was what's it Andre's case or Kashi however you
say his name Perry goes over and basically like bundles them at the fucking red line he gave it
to him right back so it's kind of like the opposite of tummy sticks but it was pretty funny because
you know it's Corey Perry and he's a fucking savage out there.
Well, Wormwood Spears' grandmother didn't score a goal.
There's no tummy sticks in Corey Perry's life.
I promise you that.
I played with him.
He is not a tummy stick guy.
Yeah, he might have put a stick to the guy's tummy.
That's about it.
But fucking Whitdog, how about the Wildman?
I mean, they look like they woke up a little.
We kind of kicked them when they were down, so they're up.
So I think we should give them
some daps here. Yeah, same
with Jack Hughes. We were talking about him struggling.
Well, now we were ripping on the Wild. They've looked
real good. They've looked real good. And right now, actually,
NHL Network, little Matt Dumba's action
with Mike Rupp. This must
have been in the summertime. So happy for that
team to at least get off the schneid
and change the room around because it must
have been miserable there when we were talking about them
not winning.
So now they look pretty solid.
Things change quickly in this league.
Speak for yourselves.
Remember when I picked them to beat Montreal coming off that back-to-back?
I thought right there they'd be getting shit on so much that I was going to
send them some positive juju.
And ever since then they've been rolling.
I don't think they've lost since that game.
I told everyone to bet.
Or have they?
Not sure, but that's when the run started.
Minimum three and one since then, so congratulations to them.
You don't want to see any team really struggling like that
because then you know it's just a shitty environment.
Guys aren't having fun at the rink.
And, of course, to those fans too because they thought they were going to come
into the season fucking with a,
a big time stinker.
I love your beauty regimen,
man.
You were looking good all week,
but I have my own and that's what manscaped support for spitting
chicklets comes from manscaped who is number one in men's below the belt
grooming manscaped office,
precision engineered twos for your family jewels.
Back in the day,
dudes didn't really groom.
One day in college, I was in a little bit of a slump, mixed it up, trimmed it up,
and I never went back to it.
Dudes, you need to mix it up down there.
Manscaped is forever changing the grooming game with their Perfect Package 2.0.
You'll find their electric trimmer called the Lawn Mower.
This waterproof and skin-safe technology will protect you from nicking your sack,
and that is no fun if you have cleaned yourself down there.
You can also create less mess by trimming in the shower.
Of course, let's not forget about the crop preserver.
You also want to do that thing, too.
It's an anti-chafing ball deodorant and moisturizer because, yeah, man, jock itch is not fun.
Trust me. And the Perfect Package 2.0 also includes anti-chafing performance boxed-abrief.
Boom, there you go.
They keep your package cool and smelling fresh all day
it's time to get clean with this perfect
package get 20
off plus free shipping with the code
chicklets at manscaped.com
always use the right tools
for the job your balls will thank you
again get 20 off
and free shipping with the code chicklets
at manscaped.com
that's 20 off with free shipping at manscaped.com,
and use the code CHICKLETS.
We did have one significant injury and a significant trade
that came after that injury as well.
We want to get you up to speed on that.
Ducks defenseman Josh Manson got hurt, the old LBI lower body injury.
He was placed on injured reserve, so the Ducks then went out
and traded for Eric Goodbranson from Pittsburgh.
They sent over Andreas Martinson
in a 20-21 seventh rounder.
Martinson was sent immediately to
Wilkes...
Wilkes-Barre, however the fuck you say that.
Wilkes-Barre, Scranton,
Penguins. Have you ever heard the rap?
Yeah, I have. Merle just got
an assist from Chris Beach.
Goodbranson, he's got two years left to have 4 million per.
He's got no points in four PIMS in seven games with Pitt.
This is the second time he's been traded in less than a year.
The Ducks need a guy.
This is your probably turf to talk about.
What's your take on this one here, brother?
Well, it makes sense.
Good Branson's a prick to play against.
I don't think he skates as well as Manson,
but they needed to do something to replace a big physical presence.
So it made sense.
I think that Pittsburgh figured that he was expendable and the deal worked out.
But Anaheim, give them some credit.
With our preview, you would have thought they'd be 0-82 this year.
And they got these young guys that, admittedly, I didn't know that much about.
Getzlaff looked awesome, and Gibson is the number one tender, even though R.A., fuck, you screwed me with that pick.
Yeah, you think I screwed you.
Yeah, but no, they're awesome.
So they don't want to lose any of that momentum.
They got going.
Huge win in Denver Saturday night.
So this team continues to go, and Goodbranson played his first game
for them that night.
So a good deal that makes some sense,
and hopefully Manson isn't out long.
That guy's a beast.
You pretty much cover it all.
It's just nice to see that this team thinks they're a contender.
They got off to a decent start.
They got the new coach and addressing an issue right away
and filling that hole in the lineup that you said is Manson.
So, yeah, nice move.
I'd imagine that Garantz will fit in nicer.
You mentioned that big physical style.
And that's pretty much it.
All right, boys.
He's a fan rocket.
Gabranton's fucking awesome.
He's handsome.
Just got married last summer.
Oh, good move.
Congrats.
We know hashtag wit missed was trending over the weekend.
Well, fade out Ray might have been.
Hashtag fade out Ray might as well be trending as well with my picks lately.
I locked in on the Ducks Thursday night.
Hey, they couldn't score.
Gibson played.
He gave up two goals.
He did what I expected him to do, but the rest of the team didn't.
It's a struggle.
It's funny.
Friday night, too, after we had dinner, I bet one team that night I fell asleep,
forgot to get my other ones in naturally.
Fucking those ones win.
It's just one of those fucking weekends.
So I got one pick.
There's only two games Monday.
Don't like either one of those.
I'm looking at Tampa at the ranges on Tuesday. Tampa Bay blew a late lead at home versus the Preds Saturday
night. Lost an OT. They presumably will have Vassie back in the pipe. So I'm looking at them.
Rags will also have played a game since then. They got the Bruins on Sunday, which will be
yesterday. So I'm going to be taking Tampa on the puck line in Madison Square Garden.
It should be an all right price,
but I'm looking for a nice bounce back after they blew one at home the other night.
I like it.
Tampa's got to get it going.
Tampa's got to figure out.
They've just been off to this really inconsistent start.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, do you think they'd have a cup hang over the way they're playing?
Wow, we're all fucking hung over today.
But either way, boys. No, you're the worst.
Speak for yourself.
I know, I'm a mush mouth anyways.
But these fucking 8 o'clock on a Sunday morning, I'm usually going to bed right about now.
So, boys, any of you?
It's 10.30.
Like I said.
Hey, actually, wait.
We never talked about the succession finale on the show.
I meant to bring it up a couple weeks ago.
You said you enjoyed the season this year, correct?
Oh, I love that show.
It's great.
Kendall was just the bitch, complete pussy at the beginning of the year
when he broke up that company and just went in there.
What?
I just throw in a spoiler alert for those who might not have seen it.
That's all.
Well, you just asked me about the show.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Sorry. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Sorry.
Go ahead.
What the fuck, R.A.?
So, yeah, I love the show.
I got nothing for you now.
That fucked me.
It was a great ending.
Yeah, exactly.
It was one of the best seasons of TV I've ever seen anywhere.
So if you're not watching Succession, you should already be on it.
Fantastic season.
But anything else, boys, that we might have missed,
we might have wrapped up in this long week in Chicago?
Everybody keeps messaging me about the fact that I say
resignates when it should be resonates.
You're saying what?
I guess I say it resonates.
I always say resonates.
Oh, I always thought.
I put the G in there.
There's no G.
So it's R-E-S-O-N-A-T-E-S, and you just throw a G like after the O.
I throw a G, yeah.
Bizisms, they call it.
I don't mind that.
I never noticed it.
I like it with the G.
I like how you say organization.
I think they fucked up when they made it.
Say organization.
Organization.
Usually you say it different.
Anyway.
I fucking struggle with these fucking
English words, man. That's alright.
I do too, and it's my first language, Paul,
so don't feel too bad, buddy.
Alright, gang. I think that'll wrap it up. Hopefully everybody
enjoyed Duncan Keith, the rest of the stuff.
Again, this trip, it was
wildly successful, wildly fun.
We got some amazing content coming
over the next month,
and you're all going to enjoy it.
So everybody, have a great week.
We're out.
Absolutely.
I'm going to bat for you guys.
I'm going to get that playoff dildo Bluetooth thing set up.
Me and Bettman are going to get this thing for all you lovely ladies out there,
or guys who want to shove it up their hoop.
Me.
We're sex positive here.
Peace.
We want to say thanks to our sponsors, as always.
Our great sponsors, and we hope our great audience is listening to them. If you want to check out
Black Buffalo, go to
blackbuffalo.com. The promo code is
SC for 25 off
your first order. If you want to check
out Manscaped, go to manscaped.com.
You get 25 off and
free shipping with the code CHICKLETS.
If you want to check out Ernest, you want to go to ern earnest.com slash CHICKLETS for the 100 cash bonus.
And also, if you want to check out ZipRecruiter, go to ziprecruiter.com slash CHICKLETS.
Again, thanks to our sponsors and hope you guys are supporting them.
Take care, everybody. Good Lord Baby got them open all over town Strictly bitchy, don't play around
Cover much grounds, got game all the time
Getting paid is a forte
Each and every day, two player weight
I can't get her out of my mind
I think about the girl all the time
East side to the west side
Push the fat rise, it's no surprise
She got chicks in her stash
Backing up the cash
Fast when it comes to the gas
By no means average
It's on when she's got to have it
Baby, you're a perfect ten
I wanna get in, can I get down?
So I like the way you work it
I got to bag it up And can I get down so I can I like the way you work it No diggity
I got to bag it up
I like the way you work it
No diggity
I got to bag it up
I like the way you work it
No diggity
I got to bag it up
I like the way you work it
No diggity
I got to bag it up
She's got
class and style
she's knowledge
by the pound
baby never
act wild
very low key
on the profile
catching feelings
is a no
let me tell you
how it goes
curves the word
spins the verb
lovers it curves
so frequent to her rolling with the fatness you don't even know what Curves the word, spins the verb Lovers, it curves so frequently
Rolling with the fatness
You don't even know what the half is
You've got to pay to play
