Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 214 of Skit and Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade flavored vodka from our friends over at New Amsterdam
Vodka. Well, the boys are looking a little fresher, sounding a little better than the last
time we met up, so let's go around the table and say hi to everybody. Producer Mikey Grinelli,
as always, say hello to you first. What's going on, buddy? What's going on, guys?
It's, uh, when this episode drops, it will be Halloween, so happy Halloween to you
guys and all the listeners. I can only
imagine some of the costumes, business
worn over the years, but I'll let it pass it on
to you guys. Next up, we'll go to the Whitthog.
Whit, you already got your mask on already, huh, buddy?
Oh, yeah.
Hardy Har Har Ray.
You fucking loser.
I'm doing great.
I'm back on the grind just in Secaucus.
It's Chicago for Chick-fil-A.
It's Jersey for NHL Network.
Just grinding.
A lot of great hockey going on.
So it's a pleasure to talk to you guys.
Absolutely.
And next up, our boy, our shiny little boy out in the desert,
Paul Biznasty.
Biznate.
Were you in Mexico, buddy, for a little while?
Yeah.
You said everyone's looking better.
I think I look 10 times worse unless it's that big joint I smoked
before this episode.
I went down to Mexico for a few days after Chicago just to relax,
see a friend.
And listen, boys, I drink bottled water.
I think maybe some of the ice in my drink melted a little too much.
I ended up catching one of those bugs you get from drinking the water there.
I have been pissing out of my ass for the last 30 hours.
Boys, I had to take like six shits on a plane ride home in two hours.
Like on the plane, man.
And like it wouldn't stop squirting out.
It is like.
Buddy, that's so disgusting.
I would never show him.
I would never step him i would never
step foot in mexico again i hate that country i'm like as in as into like it's just like there's
like it's like a water shit everything everything yeah well anyway i uh yeah i've i've been
struggling so i'm just kind of getting over the hump that's why i had to smoke that joint to stop
the body ache so i'm battling for you fuckers. I ain't going to miss an episode like Witt.
Remember when Witt missed that episode? What a pussy.
I think I've missed like three or four,
but I mean, there was proof of
chicklets listening, seeing me in the bathroom
throwing up at the garden.
Where he's missing an episode if he's got the sniffles.
Oh, I get the
playoff flu.
Sometimes when there's a big episode, I just
pull the chute like Yoni Pickenden when he played
Jordan 2-2, train.
Yeah, how's that work, actually, when you
guys are professional players and you
have to bang out sick? Do you just call
in sick? No, it's the worst
feeling in the world. I don't know if every
sport's like this, but Biz,
I'm assuming you'd agree that
you are so panicked if
you're sick for one day,
the boys are going to give it to you so bad.
And if you really don't, you never want to miss a game ever.
You do whatever you can to get in the game.
But sometimes I never missed a game for being sick.
Right.
But okay.
So when I was in Arizona, there was quite a few times where,
where if a guy was sick, the trainer would be like no you're not coming to
the rink because we don't want the other guy sick yeah so they would be doing it for that reason not
the fact of like hey you gotta fucking toughen up it was just buddy think about this there's been
times and seasons where guys have quote-unquote toughened it out and next thing you know half the
fucking lineups got the bug like that's's half your fucking team. That's going to affect you for two or three games as a team.
Yeah, I'm not talking about when you got the stomach and the pukes and the shit.
I'm more talking.
I had one of the most vicious colds, a cold that could kill a man.
Coming back from Winnipeg when I was in the AHL,
me and Matt Murley stayed up all night.
We went from the game against the Manitoba Moose to the casino,
right to the airport.
I remember just hawking up at the table.
We were spitting into cups.
We both couldn't even talk.
And I got home, and I was so sick.
But I was like, I'm not puking.
I have to go to practice.
But let me tell you, when you get one of those colds,
when you lay down and your whole nostril fills up and you can't breathe,
I'd rather someone just put a bullet in my head that's hell on earth is it not hey listen i i will say that that didn't affect me
that much like i would yeah your nose can't get blocked it's too big yeah but my nose is like that
all the time anyway so it's just like i'm fucking i'm unaffected by that so i guess and and you guys
might think i'm joking but i'm being dead serious where, man,
I don't get much air up and down my nose.
I breathe heavy.
Yeah, we hear it every episode.
That's what I'm saying.
Hey, everybody legit thought it was you for like ever.
Of course, because I get blamed.
Oh, fuck off.
They were saying it because you course. I get blamed.
I get blamed for everything.
Maybe if you were on social media once in a while, you'd see it.
Hey.
All right.
I don't need to get my tires pumped.
Hey.
But everybody's saying that because you fucking talk about doing woof.
That's why.
I think you have nine woof jokes for every one of my woof jokes.
Right, but they're about you.
You woof.
Hey, you fucking Hoover vacuum.
You fucking woof head.
Oh, man.
We do got two guests coming up this episode from our Chicago visit.
We got Kirby Dock, the third overall pick from the Blackhawks.
Laughed draft.
What a man rocker.
Big stud he is.
And we also got Barstool Chief. We really break down the Blackhawks quite a bit. So. What a man rocker. Big stud he is. And we also got Bastu Chief.
We really break down the Blackhawks quite a bit.
So if you're a Hawks fan, you're definitely going to want to tune in here.
What's up, Whit?
And we've been very open about how good the Blackhawks have treated us.
But in doing our jobs, the Blackhawks are struggling.
So it's good that you talked to a rookie just getting into the league.
It was a lot of fun chat with them.
And Chief, we were chatting a little bit about their makeup
and what's going on in the past 10 years with the Hawks
and what's going on now.
But Tuesday night, guys, they had one of the worst games I've ever seen.
Nashville outshot them.
I think it might have been 51 shots.
51 to, like, 20.
At one point, it was 36-7.
So, if you're a Hawks fan right now, you're worrying.
You're starting to panic. You're starting to panic.
And, and I mean, we, we talked to chief and I don't think we really got into the
Seabrook subject. We were more talking about Taves and, and, and Kane.
And, and of course, like if,
if Tane is able to sustain like a year he had like last, well then, yeah,
I guess that's a fair contract, but you know,
he's not off to the best start statistically,
if I said that correctly.
Nailed it, baby.
Is that how you say it?
Yeah, fucking right.
And now, of course, after we ended up talking to Chief,
the Seabrook stuff, where, like, he's fucking irritated now.
He's over the whole, you know, you're slow, you know,
you make too much money.
He's like, I know.
Is this going to be the fucking storyline every month though?
Like it's, it's a situation that we're in here.
I won you three fucking cups.
And then he, and then he went on further in the comment where he talked about,
even if it's wearing another Jersey.
Now, I mean, I couldn't envision him wearing another Jersey, but unfortunately,
cause,
cause guys who have done what he's done for that organizations like the
Blackhawks,
they should be able to wear the same jersey till they retire and be and and and and like be treated
like gods because they fucking he was a major piece of three stanley cups like not many organizations
they get to have runs like that and now we're like he becomes the whipping boy like it's it's
and remember he's got four years left on this contract.
Right? Four?
Yeah, four.
Is this going to be a fucking story?
Four fucking more years of this?
As long as the media can milk it.
Exactly.
It's what have you done for me lately?
It doesn't matter, Biz.
Tom Brady, if he started playing bad for two years, three years,
people don't give a shit what you've done.
It's what you do for me now.
I think last year was his first full, like that year he's really struggled,
and now they're kind of seeing, okay, shit, this is what we have.
There's no balance there.
I'm telling you, though, if you put it, I've watched him play.
He is not the player he was, okay?
That's 100.
That's what happens as you get older.
He won't be on
another nhl team until until he's bought out and signs with somebody else if that would ever happen
because nobody can trade for that deal nobody's going to trade for that contract but if he ever
gets on another team say he does get bought out this summer this is spitballing this might not
even be an option they might not even consider that some team would sign him and he would be
pretty solid on a really good team in
a four or five six role he really he could be i mean five six for sure i mean but that's what i'm
saying though is he's making the money he's making because he signed a contract based on what he'd
done for that fucking organization if you could put him in the lineup in with the hawks organization
as a competent fifth sixth defenseman in a in a limited role and let him play to what his abilities are now, I don't know.
And listen, I don't watch them closely enough.
Maybe they have been doing that, and some Hawks fans listening are like,
dude, they've been fucking playing him five and six,
and he's still brutal, whatever.
But, like, I just think, like, okay, there's other shit that's going on.
It's not just that.
There's way bigger problems there right now. They've been, they've been struggling lately.
They look like shit.
Yeah. We've, we've talked about the asset mismanagement business just to,
to get to the contract again, after this season,
he does still have four more years, four more years left.
Two of those, the first two are in full no move clause.
And the second two are a modified no trade.
So he doesn't have to go anywhere.
He doesn't want to for the, for the next three seasons.
And, and I think also too, we can stop saying, I can't imagine so-and-so in another uniform. And the second two are a modified no trade. So he doesn't have to go anywhere he doesn't want to for the next three seasons.
And I think also, too, we can stop saying,
I can't imagine so-and-so in another uniform.
I mean, we've seen so many superstars end up in other cities.
Nothing can surprise us anymore. Yeah, I was saying it more as in, like,
not many who have done what he's helped do for that organization.
I get what you're saying, especially with how contracts get crazy nowadays.
Yeah, guys are more likely to move around more.
But, yeah, I was saying it more in a traditional sense.
Okay.
And in more defense discussion around the league,
and this really gets brought up when you talk about no movement clauses,
Roman Yossi, all right?
Mm-hmm.
Huge signing.
Absolutely.
Yep.
Recent guest, Roman Yossi signed a much anticipated contract we kind
of tried to get a little info out of him but he was tight-lipped uh let's see eight years
72 and a half million dollars that's a nine let me say 9.059 aav because he's 590 had to get the
59 the contract and 90s is international number all right. There was the 33, sorry about the phone,
the 33.75 million of that is in signing bonus
over the first four years of the deal.
Kicks in after this season, runs through 2028,
and he's got a full no-move clause through the duration of the deal,
so he doesn't have to go anywhere if he doesn't want to.
But this is a no-brainer for Nashville getting this guy locked up, right?
First of all, did you see the video of when he came out of the press conference?
Like every member of the organization was like lined up on both sides.
They're all clapping.
You could just tell this guy is like the most like guy.
And on top of that, he's an unbelievable National Hockey League defenseman,
and he's a fucking man rock.
And he's the fucking perfect human being, right?
And he treats everyone like gold. He he's the fucking perfect human being, right? And he treats everyone like gold.
He's just the fucking nicest human being.
And I've been reading a lot that some people think it's an overpayment where, listen, in
order to keep a guy like that and one of the foundation pieces of your organization in
place for the next five, six years, you're going to have to overpay him a little bit.
But based on everything he brings to the table,
I don't think it's an overpayment
because those other factors do matter
when setting the foundation of your organization.
Like I said, he's a great leader.
I don't think he's going to deteriorate
like most people think he's going to deteriorate.
He's a very intelligent hockey player.
I get that right now he's also to deteriorate. He's a very intelligent hockey player. Okay. I get that right now.
He's also relying on his,
his,
his physical ability.
And as that declines,
but like,
man,
he's a smart player.
He's usually fucking in good position.
He's going to be like a Lidstrom in the way that we,
what did Lidstrom sign for that last year?
I think it was 5 million to negotiate his own deal.
He's like that type of player for that organization where like 9 million
in fucking eight years is not going to be that much.
It's going to be like 6 million in today's dollars.
So I think it's such a good signing.
I'm happy for the guy, and I'm happy for the organization
because they got another piece in place.
A couple of things.
One, I think you've said
the word organization
17 times already this episode.
I love it. Two,
the lineup of people,
what a scene that was.
And you know, David Poyle made sure
everyone was out there and Ryan Johansson was a part
of that.
And he's so hot.
I pictured every guy and girl in that line just doing like the mental, so hot, Yossi, I pictured every guy and girl
in that line just doing the mental,
you know in that movie, the mental images to just
pleasure themselves to him later on that evening.
Oh, the
click with your eyes? Click like girls
and guys. They're all dummying themselves.
I'm going to dummy myself to
Roman Yossi tonight. Your spank bank memory card is full.
Your spank bank. It's full of Roman Yossi.
So that was awesome.
The signing is, so he's going to be, I think, all right,
so 37 when the deal is done?
Is he 29?
He's 29 right now.
He turned 29 over the summer.
Okay, so 37.
You're paying for, or 36, whatever.
I suck at math.
We're now aware of that.
I'm not a math guy anymore. You're paying for the first five years, or 36, whatever. I suck at math. We're now aware of that. I'm not math guy anymore.
You're paying for the first five years,
four years,
really.
And because you can't rely on a guy 35 years and older to be the player that
they are at 29.
It's just,
you're not,
you're not necessarily paying for that.
What you're paying for is their window in terms of,
they just got through Shane sign.
They just get,
they,
they get him signed in six years.
Who knows where Renee is. You're not planning for five just get, they, they get him signed in six years. Who knows where Rene is.
You're not planning for five, six, seven years, six, seven, eight years.
You're planning for the next four.
And that's why you needed to get them signed.
No matter what anyone was going to give him eight years.
Is it a lot?
And is it harder to give it to a guy at that age?
Yes.
And, and you'll see right now, because if people are saying that's a bad deal,
dude, I love Carlson.
Fuck.
He's making 11 and a half, dude.
Who would you rather have?
Who would you rather have?
Yossi, no doubt.
If they were making the same, I think I'd rather have Yossi.
Yeah.
And Carlson's, and here's the thing,
I do agree with you that he will probably age well.
He hasn't dealt with some of the injuries Carlson has.
He's not an overly physical player.
We've talked about how many shots he blocks.
Pecorine actually brought it up.
I think in the quote he said something.
He looks like such a pretty boy, but he plays fucking hard,
and he blocks a ton of shots.
And like I said, not overly physical, but still gets in the way,
and it's just so good positionally.
It doesn't really have to be.
So I had a couple beers with Scotty Hartnell and Chris Butler last night.
It was a lot of fun.
They're both here working at NHL Network, and Yossi came up,
and Hartnell's like, he's the best defender in the NHL.
He goes, he's so
nasty. Every day in practice
he was, you know, to hear
Hartnell say that, who played with a lot of great players,
he knows. And so, it's
no surprise the guy deserves the deal and
I think it's pretty cool when you... It's fucking nuts
how good he...
I know. To do what he does on a nightly
basis, like just over and over and over.
Both sides.
And then he's playing against a top line.
He might play like six bad games in a season.
That got brought up.
That got brought up.
We were chatting about  LaViolette said
I don't know if it was David Poyle or LaViolette.
It was LaViolette actually.
He said, we're never talking about, oh, Yossi,
you're kind of having a tough night.
He's like, the coaching staff, you just know every night.
So I would say it's three games.
Wow.
He plays 82 games, I think three nights.
This would be my guess.
Three nights, the coach would say Yossi was off,
and I'd say five other nights, they'd say's average and then the rest they're like dude he was
a beast and that's and you can attest to this to me that's when when players are lugging that type
of ice time and and rarely you're saying oh he's having a tough night and I know I stroke this guy
all the time off is all of Reck when larson even when their teams were like he
doesn't have teams like yosi's got a team he does now the team overall but like we went down to
defenseman first shift of the game this season osterly he took a shot right in the neck so they
had to play five the rest of the game all of our end up playing 27 minutes and i was like i was
like this guy hasn't made a fucking mistake all night. He hasn't made a bad pass.
He hasn't got beat one-on-one.
And I'm like, 27 fucking minutes, man.
Pretty funny.
Those are the best defensemen in the league when they can get it done
offensively, and rarely are they making mistakes.
And I love our boy Yans, and he's more of a high-end offensive guy,
but he's a bit of a riverboat gambler.
Like there might be games.
He has two apples and a goal.
And he's like,
he like caused three the other way.
Like,
that's like,
we know what Yans is.
He's fucking riverboat gambler.
And I love him to death,
but he like,
you know,
he,
he ain't getting it done defensively.
Like those guys are getting it done,
but yet they're putting up close to the same numbers.
Speaking of Yans.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What a with brian boyle who comes into the lineup gets his first goal nasty little toe
drag wait him out shelf up top and who do you see come flying in screaming something obscene at him
keith yano just was such a great celebration to see a teammate that fired up for a new guy on the team to get his first.
Boyle actually scored the next game as well.
So nice little addition there.
And I texted Keith.
I go, bro, what did you say?
And, of course, I forgot to text him until now.
Well, they're playing Colorado tonight.
And Keith doesn't go on his phone day of games.
Or he says he doesn't.
The group chat back home, he doesn't write and text.
He hasn't texted me back.
So he might be reading
him and gassing me he's giving me the ky for people who don't know that means when you read
a text you don't respond you ky them because keith yandel will read a fucking text where you say dude
need your help call me actually no he would he would respond to that but if you're like yo keith
got a question for you give me a call back you ain't getting a response no so it's getting it's
getting ky'd anytime you get
ghosted you get k wide hey hey legit keith yandel more keith yandel stories i would never ever be
able to talk to him on the phone when we were in in arizona when we were at home he would never
answer one of my he's not a phone person he he basically didn't exist unless I saw him at the rink, okay?
When we got on the road, this guy wouldn't stop calling me.
It's like, where are we going on dinner?
What are we doing?
Let's go to the mall.
And then I eventually called him out, and I'm like, bud,
how come you never answer me back when we're at home?
And he's like, yeah, I'm not on my phone.
I'm not on my phone at home.
He puts that shit away.
But it's still funny he'll
he'll see me calling i'll i've actually i think there's been a time that i tested it and i saw
him and i saw him look at his phone and i saw him i saw him put his phone right back in his pocket
i got k wide in person get the hey fuck him why is he why is he like yeah but he's probably like this kid's probably
calling to talk about his back nine today what he hit into 15 hey but guess what though if if
if he's with the boys having a few beers in one of the rooms and in a couple bam bams and he's
facetiming you you better answer he'll keep facetiming until you answer have you ever been have you ever been in that situation no i have oh buddy he'll he'll he used to ask me to put uh pairs of sunglasses on because it
looks so silly with my big nose like he was he's a bully anyway sorry all right we got that's all
right no i was dying to see what he said whereas when hazy scored one of his goals you can clearly
make out a let's fucking go and i want to haze these goals this week was pretty cool. Back to the Yossi deal. Great deal for both parties, all kinds of loot.
And speaking of loot, now's the time to lock in on some insurance because one thing is certain in
life, expect the unexpected. And if you want to be prepared for the unexpected, Ethos can make
sure your family is taken care of no matter what. Ethos is a faster, easier, a more affordable way
to get life insurance to make sure your family is taken care of. Even what. Ethos is a faster, easier, and more affordable way to get life
insurance to make sure your family is taken care of, even if you aren't around to take care of
them. They're committed to finding the plan that's best for you and your budget, all from the comfort
of your computer, tablet, or phone in just 10 minutes or less. Simply answer a few questions
online about things like your health, age, and income. You get an instant estimate, and then you
finish your application in just minutes. Everyone is different, but a healthy 35-year-old can get a million dollars worth of coverage for
only 50 a month. And with Ethos, you can rest easy knowing the people you love are taken care of.
Confusing terms and piles of paperwork not included. Our listeners can get started by
going to ethoslife.com slash chicklets and clicking on check my price. Again, get a fully personalized quote by going to ethoslife.com slash chicklets.
One more time.
Make sure to visit ethoslife.com slash chicklets so they know that we sent you.
Boys, got to stay on top of that life insurance,
especially if you disappear because you owe your bookie some money.
Not sure if you guys played this weekend, but we had a sports rarity Sunday, Whit.
It was a sports equinox when all four major leagues play on the same day.
It's a very rare occurrence.
A lot of people putting four-sport parlays in, myself included.
It's only happened, let's see, it happened before 2015.
It only happened 14 times in history.
But because the World Series starts so much later
and the NBA has started earlier,
we're seeing a lot more of these last few years,
but did you happen on doing the all sports parlays the other day with,
I didn't do a parlay for all sports.
I put in a bunch of bets,
lost like 10 of them got completely hammered for the second week in a row.
I will say though,
Tuesday night,
I put in an enormous max play on the Dallas stars.
I had enough.
I had enough of losing. I had enough
of being a loser. I had enough of going to the
fucking bank and the woman saying
again, what do you need?
What do you need this for? I'm going on vacation.
Like she's going to at some point, I don't even think
she's allowed to ask. Wait,
you have to take it out all cash.
What do you think? I'm going to write a
check to the bookie. Yeah, you got to pay the bookie, bro.
Well, I mean, I didn't know.
I didn't know if, like, some of these guys had, like,
illegitimate businesses set up and, like,
they could just, like, launder it through there.
Oh, no, we're not talking with, like, a Gus Fring-type bookie.
These are degenerates.
So how about that Gus Fring reference?
Which is crazy because that's telling me that they have to be
holding on to, like, millions of dollars cash.
No, this guy's not that big.
Maybe huge guys might be hiding that much.
Well, I mean, if you're paying them the amount you've been paying them lately.
Well, so the issue being, I said, listen, enough is enough.
And I looked at Dallas last night.
This is just totally off topic.
Mini is not that good.
Dallas better start going.
Dallas went down 3-0.
I know.
Late in the second.
I was watching the ticker.
Late in the second.
And I went across the street and had beers and all of a
sudden it's six three wit wins money puck line and i'm back so it's all i needed quick little
story i've been getting killed but the dallas stars thank you i think i i think i turned around
their whole season max eight okay first of all max bet what's that oh you know a couple thousands
here and there not Like 5,000?
We're looking roughly around there.
Yeah, Max.
Could be a little more.
On a fucking game.
Well, fuck, Vince.
You spent it on a coat.
I was just going to say.
Yeah, but at least I got something.
I got a lot of enjoyment out of this.
Well, the first two periods, I was going bananas.
Boys, I guess, yeah.
So I was going to talk about that game specifically because I was looking at it
and I'm like, damn, man, Minnesota has really fucking turned this thing around.
I think that would have been their fifth win in a row, right?
Some bad bounces, though.
A couple pucks that went in.
I know.
I heard that three of their three goals, three of the six anyway,
went off of like three people on the way in.
Like it was just a fucking game of Plinko out there.
But fuck, dude, talk about a swinging momentum.
And I was thinking that.
I'm like, wow, is this the fucking  is this the moment like last year
where things just kind of turned around for the Dallas Stars?
And, I mean, no better guy to lead the way than Radulov.
He got fucking going hat trick last night, that farm animal.
And, like, I was listening to that Mike Kelly talk on  I think he's on TSN.
I figure  I'm pretty sure that's the network.
And he was saying he doesn't think they have that type  that good of an offense.
He doesn't think they're going to be able to produce the amount of goals
like last year where  and get the same goaltending, right? Because they didn't  I don't think they scored a to be able to produce the amount of goals like last year where well and and get the same goaltending right because they didn't i don't think they scored a lot last year
anyway well they hadn't scored fucking five goals in a game all season they ended up doing that
third period and i think they have the type of weapons where it was one of those things where
kind of like toronto right now once everything finally gels together i think that's a fucking
solid team and then we knew the goaltending was going to start to get better.
Well, Bishop got pulled last night, though,
and then R.A.'s favorite backup, Hudobin, came in.
Right.
So that was, yeah, like you said, good win there.
Another game that struck out to me quick, R.A., sorry to get off your topics, but the one that Tampa Bay last night,
they get rolled over by the Rangers and just have looked slow.
I think it's a good thing.
So I was just listening to Anthony Stewart on the radio.
He was saying similar type thing in that they had no adversity last year and
look what happened.
And now they're just going through what normal teams go through throughout a
season. Now this,
it being during the start makes it harder than say happened in January biz,
but he kind of was saying the same thing in terms of you need to go
through some of this, but you got to just figure it out at some point here.
Well, I mean, it's like Toronto right now.
Like Toronto can't figure it really out either.
I mean, they got a fucking good squad, man.
And they're  I mean, who'd they lose to?
They lost in overtime to Washington.
We got to get into that game, by the way.
How good were Obie's quotes?
How good were Obie's quotes?
Well, actually, I was going to toss it over R.A.
because I'm sure he's got them teed up.
All right.
I don't have it word for word, but he basically said
they have to decide if they want to play for each other
and how they've done it so far.
If they want to play like individuals
and they want to go run and gun, they can do that,
or they have to figure out how you have to play
to win a Stanley Cup.
And so it was very  to read it on the internet, I said, whoa.
When you then heard him say it, it sounded way different.
Like the context mattered.
He started off with the quote by saying they're a young team.
And by saying that, it's almost really valid because he went through
this exact same thing.
How many awesome Capitals teams had those early exits
that they didn't know how to play off?
Yeah, he's speaking from experience.
Exactly.
So to read it, it kind of looked like really cocky.
It didn't even matter.
He ends up getting a tie and winning goal that night.
But it comes from a person who knows
and has seen what it takes to end up flipping
how everything goes on
and how you play to become a legit cup contender and not just a regular season machine.
Well, and the reason I brought it up, and we talk about certain teams who are coming in the league
who are supposed to be good, who are struggling.
I mean, the Toronto Maple Leafs are 29-25-9 in the calendar year of 2019.
Over an 82-game pace, that's's 87 points 11 shy of a playoff
spot last season like that's a fucking sample size man that is a sample size like is this is
this a winning team and and then you got to ask yourself i mean you got to imagine babcock's been
preaching the same thing and his philosophies this entire time are they the proper philosophies in order to fucking end up winning and I mean what we talked
about the adversity at the beginning of the year could be a good thing for the Leafs because they
usually get off the hot starts and and do well whereas like they are going to have to figure
some shit out and you mentioned the quotes from Ovi when you originally read them I took them the
same way whether when I saw them like when he said them or even when i read it and i was like no that's that's
a guy who who had to to like like listen to what these guys are listening to you right now for a
long time like for even longer for longer so he's like hey man like listen i ended up fucking
figuring it out and i had to maybe make a few personal sacrifices in certain areas
or maybe give more effort in certain areas where I was a little lazier before
where defensively  and listen, I'm not saying he's a defensive liability,
but maybe he was cheating to the wrong side of the puck a lot,
and that was just  it was a bad example, and you're the leader,
and you've got to fucking be on the right side of the puck.
So I thought it was very cool that he said it,
and I love now that stars are feeling comfortable in order to talk like that
where Ovi, he was just being fucking honest, man.
And he's one of the people in the game that can say kind of whatever he wants.
He's done enough where if Ovi speaks, you'll listen,
and you won't really hear anyone chirp him because he can do whatever the hell he wants. You know, he's done enough where if Ovi speaks, you'll listen and you won't really hear anyone chirp him
because he can do whatever the hell he wants with his career.
And it's funny, he dealt with this shit,
well, I wouldn't say this shit because it was valid
when people said that they didn't have the teams
to get it done in Washington.
He dealt with it for a long time.
But in Toronto, it's like dog years.
So three years of listening to media in Toronto
is like 10 in D.C.
Like, imagine if obi had
been a maple leaf and everything had gone down they probably would have traded him up there they
would have torched him he would have been ran out of town after six years let alone 10 or whatever
it took him to win i don't think that media and fans understand the impact they have on that
internal struggle or that oh guess what organization organization numbers 18 bing bing bing um let's go back to
olby though alex ovechkin had is that okay or what do you want to say yeah no i was going to say
his career against the uh the leafs which well i was going to read off some alex ovechkin stats
because i feel that you know we i feel like we don't give him enough appreciation we talk about
sid quite a bit here i think that we need to kind of level it off
and appreciate both guys just as much.
Alex Ovechkin had 10 shots on goal in the Leaf game.
Here are their leaders in double-digit shot games
since he entered the league via hockey ref.
Alex Ovechkin, 49 double-digit shot games.
The next guy in line, Eric Stahl, nine.
double-digit shot games.
The next guy in line, Eric Stahl, nine.
Alex Ovechkin has 40 more double-digit shot games than the next guy since he entered the league.
That is fucking insane.
Here's another stat because, you know, everyone's like,
oh, is he going to catch Gretzky?
From ages 18 to 29, Wayne Gretzky, 706 goals.
Alex Ovechkin, 475.
Age 30 to 33 so far, Wayne Gretzky had 82 goals. Alex Ovechkin, 475. Age 30 to 33 so far,
Wayne Gretzky had 82 goals.
Alex Ovechkin, 183.
So,
we're basically seeing where there's
no drop-off here. And if he just
keeps playing, he's going to beat
Wayne Gretzky's goal record. And he's
going to fucking do it. He's going
to do it. That came up in the roundtable
last night. The Hartnell-Butler-Whitney roundtable. Hartnell said, you think he's going to fucking do it. He's going to do it. That came up in the roundtable last night, the Hartnell-Butler-Whitney roundtable.
Hartnell said, do you think he's going to break it?
We all agreed, yes, at this point.
Remember, I've said before,
Bucciarast was the first one that started bringing this up six years ago,
and it sounded crazy then.
And all of a sudden, it's getting more likely and more likely.
Likely is a tough term, but it's getting more possible
and more possible as he does not slow down.
How about last night was his 50th career game against the Maple Leafs.
He now has 41 goals and 30 assists in those 50 games.
He just lights them up.
So he talks about what they got to do to become a cup contender,
and then he goes out and ties it and wins it.
Suck on that. Keep the change, T.O.
But, yeah, one of the best of all time. Interesting to see him
talk about another team, but it's perfect
for us to have stuff to talk about.
And he played 12 minutes
on the power play against the Leafs.
Just teeing up one-timers.
That's the best job in the world right
there. He's got just...
Hey, you know where I'll be. You know I'd be top left
circle. Did Matthews have two goals too in that one? I think... there he's got just hey you know where i'll be you know i'd be top left circle hey uh did did
matthews have two goals too in that one i i think he at least had one he did have two yeah i think
he had two but uh but he is on pace for like a gazillion goals and uh he he is just five on five
man he just continues to light the lamp it's going back to all of you too it's interesting
biz because that's one of those numbers like oh that record will never get broken that record will never get broken like
the gretzky goals and it's like well hey man put on your seat belt because it may well happen in
the next few years it's gonna be a fun chase i would be very disappointed if ovi didn't break it
because i the reason i say i got to play against this guy i shared the fucking ice with the greatest goal score of
all time yes was i caught out there with it with it with a bad change yes we accidentally shared
that same ice but we shared that same fucking ice and and i don't know is that not cool am i being a
bit of a nerd here but i could say that i speared in the nutsack for leading goal scorer in the history
league and got fined for it yeah give him the record make me more make me more um legit in this
league i saw i was skating on that ice with those yellow like he would actually he probably knows
who i am because of that spear like there's no chance he doesn't remember getting speared in the nut sack and and
and the guy getting fined for it i saw him at the number 19 pittsburgh where did i i think i saw him
at the nhl awards this year or i saw him somewhere that i was uh in the last or no maybe it was the
year before at the the all uh the nhl awards he crossed the sauce like every time i see him he
like it looks at me like, oh, this guy again.
Like, who the fuck is this guy?
Why is this guy always around? There's no way he
thinks I used to play. He probably, who the fuck
is this guy?
I got to shake his head. No, he's like, why UFC
fight? They're always around us, our league.
What's wrong with his nose?
Boys, I feel like
we've buried the lead here today.
We finally got one in the NHL.
Carolina's Andrei Svechnikov had the Calgary Flames feeling blue after he pulled off the Michigan Tuesday night and the win over Calgary.
That's the goal made famous by Mike Legge of the Wolverines back in the 96 college tournament.
Svechnikov didn't have much room to put it, but he tucked it in there.
It's also called the lacrosse goal, for those who aren't familiar
with that. Or also
the Zorro Mall in Sweden.
And I mentioned Sweden
because there was one in the Swedish Hockey League
earlier that day. It happened twice
in two different confidence, two different
league confidence in two different leagues
on the same day, dude. What are the odds of that happening,
huh? And the one in Sweden
was probably twice as nice. Dude, he played it off the back of the net first. dude, what are the odds of that happening, huh? And the one in Sweden was probably twice as nice.
Dude, he played it off the back of the net first.
He played it off the back of the net, and then when he flat paddled it,
he toe-dragged it to lift it up because the guy was coming in
with a pretty good stick.
So if you haven't seen the lacrosse-style goal by the kid in Sweden,
it's a Vancouver Canucks prospect too, so go check it out.
These fucking kids man
their skill it is getting crazier and crazier we're like we're gonna i remember rob shrimp used
to do it where he'd pick it up and he'd be like like kind of like doing it back and forth like
it was a lacrosse stick but he would not wouldn't go like as a high stick like we're gonna start
seeing shit like that in games well apparently a few guys have already attempted it this season i mean there was video of elias petterson and austin matthews oh yeah you want
to get into fucking petterson that kid is fucking nasty so nasty oh man he is the combination of
the two nintendo there's three nintendo hockey players like really skinny and really fat and
then the medium guy he's the medium and the skinny guy put together with the perfect skill amount. He's so fun. And the thing about the goal is I don't like when
people call it the Michigan goal. It should be the Mike leg goal. He's the one who did it,
did it. It shouldn't just be his school. He should get the recognition. I'm a recognition guy,
the Mike leg goal. So the way he did it in the way the guys in Sweden did it,
biz, you described it perfectly. You almost toe dragon onto your blade. And then all of a sudden
it's on, right? Well, Shvetsnikov, the way he did it in the way Peterson tried Sweden did it, Biz, you described it perfectly. You almost toe-drag it onto your blade, and then all of a sudden it's on, right?
Well, Shvetsnikov, the way he did it
and the way Peterson tried to do it,
I think it's harder the way they try,
where they basically flip it on its side at full speed
to get it up on their stick.
It's easier to go down and use the,
I don't even know the term.
I couldn't do this in practice unless I had...
Yeah, I guess to each their own.
It depends how their wrists are shaped.
Do you think it depends on how their wrists are shaped?
Well, like your range of motion.
If it's easier to do it one way, that's like, I don't know.
I mean, it probably has something to do with neurological too.
I'm just saying.
I needed Gordie Howe friction tape to even have a chance
on a freshly cleaned ice sheet to even do this.
But I do think that the way Shmetskov did it is more impressive,
at least to me, to be able to flick it on its side and pick it up
as opposed to just using the ground and getting it the way the Swedish could do it.
I would agree because the easier way for me to do it
is to just go beaver paddle down and scoop it.
I feel like you could do that every time, but...
No, no. Like one every 20.
But yeah, so I would agree with you.
But the reason I say that was because I don't have a lot of range in my wrists.
I'm just like tight all over.
Yeah, Biz, that was Vancouver prospect Nils Hoeglander who pulled it off.
I wasn't even going to try to pronounce it.
Interestingly enough, that wasn't even his first Mike Legg goal.
There you go, Whit.
He actually won the goal of the year in his league last year when he pulled off the same move, just a different goal. So this
guy's obviously pretty good at it. You know, you need to keep the puck on the twig a little bit
longer, but on the ice isn't the only place where you might need to go a little bit longer too, Biz.
Most guys try different ways, thinking about baseball, thinking about goalie stats, but that
doesn't always work. That's why you need Roman Swipes. The folks at Roman, an online men's health company, are changing the game with Roman Swipes,
the secret to longer-lasting sex. Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting, but they don't require a prescription, which is
probably the best part. Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging, and each
swipes package is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it. Swipes are great. They will not transfer it to your partner, so you can last
longer without worrying. And they're super easy to use. Just take the Swipes out of the packet,
swipe it on, let it dry, and you're good to go. That's it. And when you go to getroman.com
slash chicklets, you can get your first month of Swipes for just 5. When you choose a monthly plan,
if you use the link getroman.com slash chicklets. One you use the link, getroman.com slash checklists.
One more time, that's getroman.com slash checklists.
We got a couple tough injuries to get people caught up on
before we send it over to Barstool Chiefs.
The Avs were just getting used to life without Mikko Rantanen,
and boom, now they're going to have to get used to life
without his linemate, Gabe Landeskog.
A huge loss.
He's out indefinitely with a lower body injury.
And then related news, Eric Johnson's horse, Landis Garg,
was also scratched for the Breeders' Cup.
Eric Johnson tweeted, bad day for Landis Garg, human and equine.
But all joking aside, this is a fucking huge loss for the Colorado Avalanche.
No doy.
Yeah, that top line has been fun to watch.
It's going to be a little scary for them to try to just rely on McKinnon,
and they're going to need guys to step up.
And I know you'll get into Tarasenko.
That's the other injury, not to steal your thunder.
But when top guys go down, you have a chance to make a name for yourself,
certain people, because they're going to get ice time they normally wouldn't get.
So, look, you've got to be very thankful if you're an Avs fan
that they traded for Kadri because imagine if he's not there.
That's huge that you're able to still have him.
They did get another really good forward in that trade
to add to their already not very deep repertoire
but really highly skilled repertoire.
Sick word.
And I think that if you look at who would step up,
you can think of,
you can think of like not only Kadri, but when you, when you look at a lineup like the abs,
okay, you need guys that have maybe not been in the position before, but have shown glimpses like
JT Comfort biz. You've seen that you've seen him play like he's going to get a chance. Now he's a
guy who will get a better look in terms
of some power play time things like that the other guy that i really was looking at is burakovsky
right so i couldn't think of his name i just had to go to the notes quick you've seen him have
glimpses in washington dc with the caps how good he could be so now he's gonna get another chance so
you can look at depth and you can kind of worry when your top guys go out, but to be a good team that has a chance at the cup,
which a lot of people think Colorado does,
you need to battle through times like this.
It's just what happens in this league.
And if you're not able to get through a time without two of your top players,
you probably had no chance of winning at all to begin with.
And I was just going to say that this is going to be a telling sign
whether they have a team that is competent enough to go deep in the playoffs
because you need some of those guys, some of the names you just mentioned, to step up,
elevate their game.
And, of course, another guy I'm looking at, and, I mean, we see Crosby do it.
All of a sudden, Malkin goes down.
He elevates his game.
Or, fucking, even when Crosby would go down, Malkin would be at his best.
Can Nathan McKinnon elevate his game even more,
saying, yo, all right, I get it.
This is the point of the season where I got to put the team on my back.
I got to get us through this little hump here
and buy some time for these guys to get healthy,
come back and help me.
Because we know the workload gets a little bit less
when all of a sudden those guys are on his line,
where it's just like when that thing gets together
and it's a well-oiled machine, it's like they're going at like 85 percent each because every they're
all making it so much easier for each other out there so i'm interested to see um on what they
can do i'll actually get to watch them firsthand on saturday they'll be taking on the desert dogs
so i'm i'm actually very excited i was hoping that bet you was hoping that Arizona would be able to take advantage of that situation
because we play them a couple times in the rest of the season,
and you're not going to have many situations
where they're missing both those big boys.
So you've got to fucking take advantage now.
So shitty that those guys are hurt because the league is better for it
when they're in their lineup.
So get healthy soon, boys.
Yeah, and another huge loss in the Central Division.
The Blues will be without Vladimir Tarasenko for five months, man.
He got tangled up with L.A. Kings defenseman Sean Walker.
He got shoulder surgery on Tuesday.
Obviously, another huge player.
They're going to miss his five-on-five play as well as him in the power play,
and it's really going to put that St. Louis depth to the test, Biz.
Are they going to be able to ride this out without him?
I mean, I know 23 guys out there, they should be able to.
Listen, obviously structurally and the goaltendings there
where they don't need to rely extremely heavily on the offense,
but on a team that stars for goals.
Tarasenko, here's a couple things on him.
His 214 career goals are 91 more than any other Blues player
since the start of the 2012-2013 season.
So that just tells you how much this guy means to this team.
And this one, he had five straight seasons scoring 30-plus.
Only two guys have scored more than him since 2015, Ovi and Tavares.
30 plus only two guys have scored more than him since 2015 Ovi and Tavares so this guy is like I mean that's a significant loss for five months that and there's another example of a team hey
man can you can you buy time for this guy to get back and and and help you for playoffs and if and
if you couldn't get there without him you probably didn't deserve to win and five months brings up the question do you
go try to grab a guy um so what what they could think they could do is they could say all right
well we're gonna plan on him being out the entire rest of the regular season no matter what and
we're gonna get a guy because then when the cap when the playoffs start the cap doesn't matter
right but if he were to be able to come back with 10 games left that's the
question you ask like oh what if he's ready are we going to tell him no you're you're you're done
like what if what if they what if they're in a battle for the final playoff that's a conversation
you have to have with him now you have to say hey listen if this is the timetable where you're going
to come back there would be eight remaining games left in the season you know a little little sample
size for you to get warmed up if we actually are getting into playoffs in order for him to get his
game back you know that would be a nice amount of games or do you say hey you're going to be
activated come playoff time if we get there because we got to go out and spend this money to get get
this guy i mean if if you're him i mean to me i would be unselfish about it where i would be like
yeah yeah you know let's get let's get a player to help the boys out.
I'll be out.
I'll be ready to go come playoff time.
That's how it all works.
But he is.
It's crazy.
Not a lot of people would ever be able to guess his name in terms of how many
goals he's scored.
Did you say it was 14, Biz?
2015.
He's the third highest.
So a really fun player to watch in the league.
A huge loss. And just hopefully he's he's
going to be all right come playoff time and that they're able to withstand i think they are i think
they will be able to you see a lot of younger guys get bigger chances but i still like their team a
lot janet you could add him and like you know april in the schedule it's almost like a trade
deadline pickup in a weird way a guy you haven't had all year you're adding them of that fucking
cal i don't i don't know their cap situation in depth,
but I knew that they were able to go get a guy who basically makes what he makes
or even a little bit less.
Remember Jaden Schwartz in the playoffs?
Because last regular season was kind of a nightmare for him.
A beast throughout the entire four rounds.
So you'll see him get even more ice time.
And he's had a good start too.
So we'll see what the Blues do.
But it sucks that he's out that long.
He's a blast to watch, Tarasenko.
And one other quick note before we send it over to Chief.
The Blackhawks sent forward Brendan Perlini to Detroit
in exchange for defensive prospect Alec Regula.
Perlini had requested a trade, and we sent to his former division rival.
Regula will remain with the London Knights.
He was Detroit's third-round pick in 18 hawks have until june to sign him and speaking of the
hawks we did start by bostel chicago's headquarters last week talked to chief about him so we're going
to send it over to that interview now we get real deep on the black hawks we got the number one
hockey podcast in the world we got paul bissonette biz nasty thanks for. Thanks for coming. Ryan Whitney and old friend Rear Admiral here.
Boys, thanks for coming.
Thanks for stopping by while you're in Chicago.
It's a pleasure.
Barstool, Wisconsin.
45-minute ride from downtown.
So I said right away when I came in, I saw Chief.
I said, holy fuck, Portnoy's got just three hours away.
He goes, we've got to wait for Big Cat to come back.
When Big Cat comes back, there'll be the downtown big-time office.
But I actually love where you guys are at.
We're gritty.
We share it with State Farm Insurance, so that's pretty good.
We feel like we're trying to recreate that Milton vibe out here in Chicago.
But their landlord is just a classic.
Chris Chelios.
This guy's got a tanning bed in here?
He rides the bike in the sauna like Chelly down in Florida.
So that guy
wit i mean you talked to him when you walked in that's the most and he like has engaged him in a
conversation he'll engage you for four hours but no one willingly that's why he was on his heels
because when we're talking why are they coming at me i usually come with them you flipped it on now
he's still out there otherwise he'd be back in so thanks for doing that you guys can be our enforcers
are you going to grill us about the fact that we had Hawks missing the playoffs?
I think they were bashing us for our
No, that was me.
Those morons.
What did you say exactly?
And now they're 2-4-1, I think.
They're 2-3-2.
Okay, 2-3-2.
That's cute.
I was close.
Did you watch them last night?
You're in town.
We got to see a little of it.
We were doing some interviews.
Actually, old Blackhawk Brent Sopel.
Basically helped you win your first cup of those three there.
He had the ball rolling.
He was actually talking about that was basically,
R.A. brought this up.
That was before social media really exploded.
Thank God for those guys.
I know.
And they were the last team to go hard.
And pictures, like the limo picture came out that year.
What?
Oh, that was it. That was Madden. That was the limo picture came out that year. What? Oh, that was Madden.
That was Madden.
That was in Vancouver.
I think Peter Gerges ended up hooking that up.
And I even asked, because I think you originally started the question
about 10-year anniversary this year.
And I was like, who was like the rock where if things were getting out of control,
he would say, hey, guys, we need to tone things down.
And Soaps was like, nobody.
The whole team was full crank.
They brought in Madden to be that guy, and then the limo pitcher comes out
and is like, well, it's not fucking him.
The limo pitcher.
Burr said that was every night.
They just haven't had pitches that one night.
That's what they say about that team.
That team is so close because they're all young.
They're fucking awesome.
They expect to win every night.
So they had plenty of time to go party because they knew they were going to show up the next day
and just beat the brakes off of whoever they were playing.
And you were young enough where you don't get hung over when you're young.
What's really cool about being here, though, is that I always say Chicago is my favorite city in the country.
Why is that, though?
It's bigger than Boston, smaller than New York, cleaner than both, friendly people,
beach on a fucking lake in the middle of the city, six sports teams, unreal golf course.
It's the best.
I love this place.
Wow.
What an answer.
Holy shit.
What an intro for Jite Down.
I've always loved it.
You want us to go talk to Lyle about getting you an offer, sir?
First time I came here, I was like, this city's unreal.
And he didn't even talk about the Blues Brothers.
So when the Hawks  but then when I came into the league and i i loved the city though
it was still pathetic playing here and then the crowd was brutal so then they started winning i
was like holy shit that place is bananas so 10 years ago everyone just jumped it happened like
overnight insane yeah adrian a coin who was the captain here we're gonna get him on this when
they were he'll be great he said i think there think there was a battle between the owner at the time.
Bill Wertz, the old man.
He wouldn't televise the games because they
weren't selling tickets. There was a battle.
Everybody was pissed off at the organization.
I think the Bulls were still somewhat
decent popping off. I think the Bears were okay.
The Hawks were dead here for 15 years.
The ownership sucked.
They made the cup finals in 92.
That Roenick, Amani, Chelios thing kind of died in 96 jam nov jam but like they lost the the abs and i think
the year the abs won the cup and then they just fell off the face yes yes yes that was it that
was it for a long until that cup team and they have a ford modeling agency branch here too so
that can't hurt us a lot a lot of talent if you know like i know there's a ford modeling branch
here i don't know how to access that like no like that's like an nhl players club
like here's your key here's the number for those well i don't either i just heard from the other
guys oh yeah whatever hotel we stayed at um one year here i think with pittsburgh certain place
no is there two like main hotels here like is there two hyatts or two i mean there's like what
either way so i'm i'm go it's
like three in the morning i go back to the front desk i would go up to my room sorry the key didn't
work i'm trying to key i'm trying to go back down i get another key he doesn't want to go down i'm
like what the fuck dude my key doesn't work this is the third time he's like you're at the wrong
hotel sir i don't even know how i got a key from him the second time. But I remember like, oh, man, this city's wild.
But, no, it's a pleasure to be here, dude.
Long intro.
What's up, R.A.?
Yeah.
It wasn't hockey, really.
My first trip to Chicago was pretty memorable.
It was a little different sport.
Roger Clemens versus Kerry Wood.
Clemens was going for his 300th win.
Yankees versus Cubs.
But the league was relatively new.
It was a bachelor party for a buddy of mine. And it was hilarious. He lookedes versus Cubs. Interleague was relatively new. It was a bachelor party for
a buddy of mine. It was hilarious.
He looked like Al Capone. We all had
Al Capone shirts made up in Chicago for
the bachelor party. Went to
Wrigley. Did the whole fucking nine yards.
All the bars over there. It was a blast.
2003 it was. You came out here in
2013 too, right?
No, it was actually 2010.
I came out for games one and two
versus Philly. Level of shock
for you that R.A. was on a bachelor party where they
wore matching shirts. That had
Al Capone on them in Chicago?
I'm 100 fine. But the kid was a
dead ringer for Al Capone.
Hey, we're going to Chicago. Let's make Al Capone
shirts. Actually, we took
a roadie to the next day.
I was stinging, dude.
I was like, we were going to fucking.
You went to the barstool offices in Wisconsin?
No, the Sox were in Milwaukee.
So we took a roadie to fucking the Sox in Milwaukee.
Had a bus.
Dude, I'm like, we're going to Miller Park now.
I drink Miller now.
Back then, I was stinging.
I'm like, pull over a packy, dude.
I went over.
I got a bottle of wine and a fucking Fiji water.
Emptied out the water.
Put it in the funnel.
Put the fucking wine and smuggled the wine into the fucking Miller Park.
In his Al Capone shirt.
Well, it was prohibition.
Because I couldn't drink.
I'm like, I'm too hungover to drink Miller fucking beer.
But in the parking lot at Miller, dude, we got a batch of strippers come on the bus before the baseball game.
Oh, Milwaukee strippers.
You guys like Miller Lights?
They sponsor our entire life, so we love Miller Lights.
I actually love Miller Lights.
Still call him Nick Lachey.
Remember he used to dump me when he was with Jessica Simpson on that show?
He always crushed Miller Lights.
We'll grab some out of the fridge.
We'll maybe take a picture.
They'd love that.
I want to talk about your
We're a Budweiser Canada podcast.
If they're not stroking checks, then we can't take pictures with them these guys okay we'll do a little part out yeah i want to talk about another my first memory of you
fighting brandon bullock in the playoff how much ice time did you get that night i had one second
it was it was off a face-off fight correct so. So I was nervous, right? Because Chicago regular season when they get the anthem going
and you come out to stranglehold.
Was it Ted Nugent?
Yeah, Ted Nugent.
We talked about Dallas and Viagra.
Your dick's so hard coming out.
So Tip tells me, hey, you're going in a playoff game.
And my mind's going a million miles an hour thinking about what what my responsibilities are i wouldn't say visualization would be the word
just putting myself in situations where you know i'm trying to calm my nerves to prepare for this
game so what's we get off to a bit of a slow start and i know i'm going up against boli because he
was in the lineup and that's why i was playing. And I go out. I step on the ice.
As soon as I step on the ice, there's a whistle for an offside.
We end up lining up just outside the cock zone.
We kind of look at each other.
We're like, okay, we're doing it.
It was a pretty solid fight, but at the end of the fight,
my jersey comes all the way over my head.
So it looked like you got Whitney'd.
Yeah, I got Whitney'd.
Well, I mean, you could watch it online.
I would knock down or what?
I didn't even get knocked down.
It was just like it came up over top.
I didn't do it.
But you got kicked out of the game when you didn't put your strap on back then.
Why didn't you do your strap?
Buddy, I
Playoff nerves.
Playoff nerves.
I was thinking about
That's a huge fumble by you.
A huge fumble.
And what's even more significant is you're in a playoff game,
and all of a sudden now, early in this hockey game,
you've put yourself down to 11 forwards.
But we ended up winning that game in overtime because Mikkel Bodker,
who I think had two overtime winners in that series.
Yeah, killed him.
Was that before Crawford won his cup?
Yeah, because that was 2011.
So his was 13 and 15.
So you want to talk about Rask being a bit of the whipping boy in Boston?
After that playoff series, everybody was blaming Crawford.
He led in two softies in OT against Bodker.
The one was, like, awful.
Yeah.
Well, that's why I remember as a Bruins fan,
we weren't, like, in crazy fear of him.
And then it was, like, by game four, we were looking for, like,
this motherfucker's on a roll.
Right.
13? And we fucking hated you guys oh yeah i mean that series i mean i still have
residual hate for your boy raffy torres so what was that like when you see that hit comment are
you in the press box for that game do you know the hit i'm talking about yes oh no i do i'm trying
to remember if that that was i believe it might have been the game like i kicked out because i
would have already been in the locker room.
Or obviously, it was either game three or four
because we had home ice advantage.
Not a big deal.
But that was, buddy, I remember Tyson Nash said it was a clean hit.
He had people yelling, which, listen, it was very borderline.
He did kind of come up on his tippy toes.
And I believe it was like millimeters off the ice.
If you ask a Chicago fan, they would say, fuck you for saying it's clean.
Fuck you for saying it's clean.
Okay, sure, fine.
That's fine.
I'm going to stay neutral on this one.
He had fans yelling up to him during the broadcast.
You fucking coward.
So it was like a battle of cities.
Then I think Shaw grazed Mike Smith.
Yes. I would say now. You I think Shaw grazed Mike Smith. Yes.
I would say now
You knew he was healthy the whole time.
Smitty flopped.
Oh, yeah.
That was a guarantee.
And I love him for it because I think Shaw ended up getting a game, didn't he?
He got two.
He got two games.
So every time Smitty would touch a puck, and that was a lock because he came out of his net,
the whole arena was losing their minds.
You held him out of practice, and you think he's got a concussion.
Dude, there's master gamemanship.
A little puppeteer, Dave Tippett.
Tippett's up there just pulling the strings.
I remember that.
But that was a chaotic series, and, man, that was a big win.
That was the first time we'd ever been out of the first round
for the Arizona Coyotes franchise.
And they say that that was a turning point.
That's right, too.
They say that was a turning point, though, for the team
because Joel just walked in, the story goes,
he walks in and says, we should win the Stanley Cup every year and walks out.
So after they lost you guys, it kind of like refocused.
And then I think they won it.
So you're welcome.
Yeah, thanks to you.
You should write a thank you letter to fucking Torres. You should write a thank you letter to fucking Torres.
You should write a thank you letter to Smitty.
And Biss and Ed from not doing his tie-down.
That one second.
So let's fast forward up to right now.
I know we talked about it just for a second.
You guys are giving me shit.
What do you guys think as outsiders looking at this team right now?
I think they're starting to look like a team that's a real team.
Yeah, they're definitely better than last year. I like so you hate gustafson so much dude in his own zone he's a disaster yeah
but like he's a ryan whitney yeah and i was fucking money before i got hurt for that seven
game span no i'm just like he moves the puck great you don't have a ton of guys who can do that so in
your own zone put him get him with somebody who can play better d and and know what he brings in that yeah he's not going to shut
anyone down i like their i like their team i was just giving you shit for that one because you you
said that we didn't know what we were talking about but i wonder if doc will like play the
whole year guys first goal that's nice no matter how it goes in i do get a kick out of enormous
celebrations when it just hits your knee and goes in. Number four is the goal you're going to pass.
But yeah, he was that fired up.
He deserved it.
So if he can make an impact, which a lot of these young kids can, I mean, yeah, they could be nice.
Kane's going to be sick.
You wonder, Taves, do you think he's slow?
What do you look at when you see him now?
Do you see a big difference in his game?
Or do you still see like...
I mean, he put the team on his back last year.
Him and Kane were both so awesome. And then he's off to a slow start this year yeah he doesn't look like when you watch him
skate he doesn't look less explosive he looks to me the tiniest bit less explosive since last year
um because like he was slowing down and then he like kind of reinvented himself and last year he
was back yeah that's that's i think i think he had uh different training habits so he used to do he used to do a workout with the arc machine arp or arc uh oh yeah yeah the art machine i did that
for a little bit didn't work yeah so a lot of guys like no living it started started getting hurt
oh really started breaking down and and unfortunately right off the hot oh he's looking
it up it's like you used to put on describe it you looking it up? It's like, you used to put it on.
So let me describe it.
You put it on, and there's like a chip in it
that this trainer, you have to buy it off of,
and depending on how much you make,
the more it goes up,
which has seemed ridiculous to me.
What can you afford?
So these guys were spending like 25, 30 grand on it.
I believe-
I think Parisi did it a lot.
Parisi did it a lot.
Look at all the back problems he's been having.
I don't know if-
Fork off was into it. So yeah, so there's a lot of high-end guys using it all the back he's been having i don't know if forecourt was into it
so yeah so there's a lot of high-end guys using it but remember these guys were so skilled and
and and good coming at a junior we knew they were going to be good pros anyway so it's kind of like
well yeah they were playing good hockey and they were swearing by this machine but would they even
been better if they were just doing what they should have been doing and not something that
wasn't scientifically proven.
Anyway, from what I hear is not this past offseason but the offseason before is he'd gotten away from it
and had a total different training regimen.
And, I mean, the results showed.
Yeah, and he stays here now.
And he works with, like, Brian Keene and, like, that's Kane's guy.
So they did a lot of, like, skill development with him too.
And he got a lot, like, showed last year too, and he got a lot showed last year.
We do talk about it on the podcast sometimes.
When he came into the league, he was one of those guys
who was just a very good two-way center.
Whereas when you're playing that well 200 feet-wise
and being responsible for your own end,
it's hard to find that extra energy to produce offense,
and only very special players can do it.
You talk about the Patrice Bergerons, the Jose Kopitars,
Barkov at this point.
I mean, Kane, there's a little bit less responsibility defensively
where it's just like he's going to have reliable people getting the puck.
So listen, you get to a certain age where if you do lose that half a step
and maybe you can't extend your shifts like you used to be able to do
when you were younger, you miss out on that offense
being so responsible defensively.
And I think the numbers, maybe moving forward,
won't be as good as they were in the past.
But still a very good fucking player.
Okay, so is he still a number one guy and a number one center?
That's what I don't necessarily think,
like top echelon number one centers he is.
But, dude, what is this?
But he was last year.
Is it his 14th year?
Yeah, I mean, he came in 07, 08.
So naturally, you're not going to be the guy who scored that goal against Colorado that year.
Your game changed.
That was his first goal.
He's smart enough to still be really, really good.
But the dominant first-line center that every cup team has, is he still there?
He was last year.
He was. He was a point-per-game
guy last year. I think 81
points in 82 games. Right there.
That's definitely true. I would say
he's a 1B. Okay. Whereas
you know. That's a problem.
It's not.
It's just because of the money. Well, you're right.
And because if you're
I wanted them back in the playoffs
so badly. If they're going to them back in the playoffs so badly.
If they're going to be back in the playoffs,
they need him to be as good as he was last year.
So the team around Taves and Kane is much better,
and if they could keep what they were, then they're right there. You said it's a problem, obviously, because of what he's making.
Of course it is.
But as long as you have good depth throughout the middle of the ice,
like Arizona, who's a wagon this year, they don't have a 1A center.
That drives me crazy, too.
They have Derek Stepon, who to me, I mean, he's maxed out at 60 points.
I'd rather Taves than Derek Stepon.
For sure.
Taves is fucking, we're not saying like.
Now, here's a question to you, though.
Would you want Taves at the money he's making or Derek Stepon at the money he's making?
What's Stepon at, seven?
I think he's at six and a half, maybe six.
So if he can get back to producing 50 to 55 points,
and Derek Stepon's a very good, reliable two-way center,
he's, like I said, a 1B.
So that's where
This is taking a turn to bash on Jonathan Taves.
No, no, no.
Don't fucking say we're bas Jonathan Taves. No, no, no, no.
Don't fucking say we're bashing Taves.
Time out.
He's gotten older, dude.
Like what's that?
He's been smart enough to adapt. It's the money.
I'm talking about the money and their issue with cap.
Not problems, but
Yeah, it is.
When you see guys making that much money, it's like, dude, you have to get 90 points or else you're like
I can never complain about paying a guy based on past accomplishments. that much money. It's like, dude, you have to get 90 points or else you're like, what?
I can never complain about paying a guy based on past accomplishments.
I'd much rather see a guy making 10 who's won three cups than a guy making 12 who hasn't done shit.
And I do buy into the fact that, look, he's not a 100-point guy.
He never has been, never will be.
Is he worth 10 and a half?
So let's say his production is worth 8 million if he's right at about a point per game guy.
Even a little more now.
Even a little more, yeah.
So then you give a little kicker for the leadership
and all the intangibles that he brings.
I think that...
Boys, it's seven games in.
This guy can heat up.
He's got one and one right now.
He usually starts slow.
Yeah, he's starting slow.
The only issue is...
So last year was so dominant.
Two years before that...
It sucked.
Okay, so then the conditioning and the workouts change,
and he has the big year.
Well, if it goes back to the mean of the two prior years this year,
then you start to worry a little bit.
And it is true.
It sounds like we're bashing a Hall of Famer
who's been one of the best players in the league for 14 years.
It's just talking about the team that you're rooting for
and looking at and thinking, like,
what is your prediction for the rest of this year?
You think they're a playoff team?
You think they're a wildcard team or a top three in the Central?
I think they're a wildcard team.
Okay.
I think if they get the
So you could see them missing the playoffs, too.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
I mean, like, look at their D.
Like, that Seabrook and Mata pairing is a problem.
Mata's
That's a problem.
Mata looks like me sometimes out there.
Stanley Kaplan or Oli Mata.
Mata was a guy that they thought was going to come into Pittsburgh
and continue to just elevate his game, elevate his game.
And then he just never  I wouldn't say he regressed.
He just kind of never became what they thought he was.
And I also think they traded the wrong puck mover.
We were talking about Gustafsson.
Like, you give up Yokiharu, which I understand, like, kind of
they're heavy on defense in the prospect.
They got a few guys that can do similar things to him coming.
Like, they're knocking on the door.
But, I mean, he's been awesome for Buffalo.
And Nylander's been, like, just okay.
Like, he's been a healthy scratch.
He's been, you know, so it's like that and a consistent guy on the fourth line,
no PP time.
If you can remove Gustafson and trade him for Yokiharu and do something else
there, I think you're looking, like like your top four is a lot better.
Yeah, that was tough.
The Nylander thing, I talked to the guys in Buffalo.
There was times where he was brilliant, even in the AHL.
And then there's just those nights where you're like,
there was just four games in a row.
I didn't even see him.
I didn't even hear his name.
So you said, I didn't know he was a scratch.
I knew he was a scratch one game. Has it been both games he missed just he's only been scratch one so he
started off his first couple games in the top six and did nothing so he was playing with taves and
cane did nothing that's a quick tryout dude i mean you gotta you gotta do something in those in those
few games problem with guys like that is is they're very one-dimensional and the skill set is cool but
in games where you know other teams are playing different structure and when you might be playing a team where they're giving you limited opportunities
and it isn't a track meet night, how good is your wall work?
How good is your battling for position in front of the net?
Because instead of getting those lanes in the slot area, you're going below the goal line,
low to high, and you've got to fucking fight for every inch.
You've got to be like a Holmstrom type in front of the net.
You've got to fucking fight for every inch.
You've got to be like a Holmstrom type in front of the net.
And if you don't have other assets in your bag, I mean, you know, everyone thinks he's going to come here because you guys do have kind of a
high-flying offense, and that's how they're coached,
where they want to outscore you.
They're not going to out-defend you.
You have to play to your personnel,
and that's why you guys have more puck-moving defensemen,
and you guys are riverboat gamblers.
Well, they're trying to, like, last night they were locked down defensively like they
like they've been playing better defensively since like the first two games it looked just like last
year and i was like pressing panic buttons wherever i saw the over over over over all day
overreact quite a bit i'm a roller coaster guy i know that but it's like oh you he's roller coaster
guy yeah okay okay i didn't know that yeah big roller coaster guy but it's like i always just try to tell like react to what i see and if
that last those games the first couple of the year looked exactly like the last few years that's a
fucking problem since then it's gotten a little bit better knee liners he's been like the effort's
been a little bit better but that trade like the yoki heart just doesn't and it didn't make sense
at the time doesn't make it looks worse now that he's been, you know, a very good defender for Buffalo.
You know, he's playing with Scandella like that.
And they look, you know, use your word, a wagon.
Like they look like a wagon.
How would you feel right now about the schmaltz for Strom trade?
And how's Perlini doing?
I haven't really heard his name.
Perlini's been a healthy scratch.
He hasn't played a lot of games.
So everybody was kind of, you know, laughing at that one. Perlini to me is very same. He hasn't played one game. So everybody was kind of laughing at that one.
Perlini, to me, is very same boat as the way I described Nylander,
whereas he will disappear, doesn't have a lot.
And also, I was reading some stuff after he got traded
where he wants to go to the rink and just have fun every day,
whereas he seems like he's in a very positive mood most of the time.
But just the compete level.
You want to see him pissed off almost.
Yeah.
He's like 6'4", 200.
He doesn't use it.
Yeah.
I don't think he's an everyday NHLer.
There's no consistency to his game, much like Nylander.
As far as Strom's concerned, he wasn't going to succeed in that system.
I just don't think that he was ever going to feel comfortable enough under talk
where he just didn't feel that reciprocated energy until he believed in him.
And if you don't feel that from a coach, it's very difficult.
I feel like when he came over here, it was like,
hey, you're going to play with your old buddy,
and we want you to be you like you were in junior.
And he's been thriving.
I think Schmaltzy's high end is better than Strom's, though.
I agree. Everybody thought we got fleeced on that one. And he's been thriving. I think Schmaltzy's high end is better than Strom's, though. And I've been...
I agree.
Schmaltzy has...
Everybody thought we got fleeced on that one.
But he...
Really?
A poor man's...
Hear me out, and I might get smoked for this.
A poor man's Connor McDavid.
All right.
I said the same thing before last year.
That he plays...
Poor man's.
He plays at top speed that very few people can.
He gets faster with the puck on that.
His handles are a joke, too.
Like, he can dangle a defenseman. But he... to interrupt but he had the same issues here it was like we
know this guy's good but his deal was up and it's like do you if you're not sure that he's a
foundational player do you want to commit six by six to him i didn't i was i was happy just to be
like take the handcuffs and put them on stand and you know don't let don't get locked into a guy that's going to be like,
fuck, I wish we didn't sign him.
Because he was high.
He was a dog.
If Strom wouldn't have worked out here
and would have been similar to the way he was in Arizona.
Strom was money last year.
What's his deal?
Strom's awesome.
He's up for an RFA this coming summer.
So if he goes out and gets 65 points this year, which he easily could.
But Debrinket just signed for 6.4 a year.
He's not going to get more than Debrinket is scoring.
Yeah, true that.
So I think that they can probably get him at 5 to 6 in that range.
Yeah, depending on the season.
Well, Small Taz looks sick so far this year.
I mean, it bothers me
because that's what we... I called
him a poor man's Kyle McDavid. I think Kane said
something similar at one point because he does...
He's fucking... Watch him gain
speed through crossovers. Oh, I mean, it's unbelievable.
With the puck on his stick.
And there's very few guys like...
What's he got? Nine points in six games or something like that?
He's up there, yeah. He's playing good hockey.
Four one night in Winnipeg.
I think he had a 4-point night.
Anything else?
We need to talk about Hawks related.
I got a question for you.
Aside from the fact that it was Quinville who got fired for him,
what do you make of Jeremy Colleton so far?
I think the jury's out.
I think he's getting more out of Connor Murphy.
I mean, he got hurt last night, but he looks more comfortable.
The structure is starting to come together.
I don't know.
Well, I mean, it's been like, what, 50, 60 games for him so far?
So I think it's hard to judge.
He hasn't really won anything.
But I like his personality.
He's not like my style, but some of the guys seem to gravitate towards him.
What's your style?
I'm more of a jolly guy.
Yeah, I don't mind a guy like Torts or a guy like Joel who gets fiery behind the bench.
And, like, he's the general. We're called's the general where Colleton's more of a professor.
He's a professor.
Yeah, and he's a guy who maybe it is good that he'll go to Kane.
They'll have a think tank session with him because he was on the same junior teams and minor teams as Seabrook.
I played under 18 with Jeremy Colleton.
Okay, so give me a story.
He came to the rink and he handled his business. There's really Jeremy called him. Okay. I know Jeremy. So give me a story. He was just, you know, he came to the rink and he handled his business.
There's really nothing to him.
He's extremely professional, and that's why I think he was handed an NHL coaching job
at such a young age.
I mean, I guess the term old soul where just, you know, I come to the rink some days.
I'm like, oh, yeah, I went and did this.
It's like, Biz, you're 30 years old.
Like, grow the fuck up.
It sounds like he's like Charlie Conway from the Ducks, where it's like
he played, but he was always just kind of destined
to be a coach. Didn't he break his neck?
He had a ton of concussions.
So it wasn't his neck? I thought Sopal said he hurt his...
He actually played a couple games with Sopal
in the Islanders, which is crazy.
But you know what?
The thing that's interesting is it has been
50 to 60 games, but even guys in Florida
have said it takes a while to kind of learn
and play Quenville's system.
So naturally it's going to take a little while to learn something new.
Now this has been long enough, and you had training camp this year,
a full training camp after coming in the middle of the season,
which is tough.
So if over the next 20 games, right, the first quarter of the year,
the first half of the year.
Yeah, Thanksgiving.
Thanksgiving.
You finally start seeing some real improvements improvements you're like all right this is
working but if they're 500 then you're like all right is this the team because they were 500 last
year with with quenville and him well then i think you you got to look at the top then well you know
you start looking at players i that's i think you guys you just started stan at that point oh yeah
yeah he's definitely not you want to bury stan yeah no i mean i've buried him plenty of times but I think you just started Stan at that point. Oh, yeah, yeah. He needs definitely another Stan.
He wants to bury Stan.
No, I mean, I've buried him plenty of times.
But I liked the moves he did this summer with the exception of that Yogi Haru trade.
I love Calvin DeHaan.
They've been missing Calvin DeHaan since the Yarmulken trade.
How can you hate a guy who
Hate's a strong word.
I hate Nazis.
I just don't think he's been good at his job.
Okay.
Well, that took a turn there.
So he did a good job of reloading.
The first one, I would not give him credit because, of course,
Talon kind of designed that team.
And, of course, somewhat of the same core group
ended up helping out on the next two, right?
It is so hard to reload where you have to make gambling moves.
I mean, look at the three teams that have dominated the last 10 years.
You look at LA.
I mean, what were you going to do?
Not pay that core group of guys?
I mean, they're getting a little bit older now.
You guys are in a very similar situation.
Who's the other team?
Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh.
Well, guess what?
I mean, although they've had a good start to the season
and they do have some weapons, but I mean, how long is that going to last?
Do you think that they're built right now to make a deep run?
So it's hard.
I mean, the only reason why I give Pittsburgh more of a chance
than any of those other two is because their big boys took team-friendly discounts.
Yeah, but a lot of the things with Stanton are like self-inflicted wounds. Like, you didn't
have to trade John Morrison. Why are you doing that?
Like, John Morrison's a stud.
Okay, so now... Like, the ending
you're saying isn't necessarily because of deals
and other guys saying some of the moves he's made
have led to the end of this.
So there's a lot of things that people
in media don't know because he...
There are situations where he
probably had sit down meetings with
certain guys who have impacts let's say a cane right now i heard stories that when jarmelson
would get on the ice cane would get off because he's he's a very defensive minded player yeah
pucks off the glass very safe well you need a few defensemen like that yeah where maybe because he
was taking up so much ice time because he is a solid top four defenseman, one of the best defensive defensemen in the league,
even based on analytics too, that's just not the eye test.
Well, maybe he felt that he was like,
well, I want to keep this guy happy
and let's try to replace him with another piece
that maybe is maybe not as good defensively,
but can move the puck and snap it up
where we're controlling the play a little bit more.
So there's so many different variables.
Breaking news, Patrick Quayne requested you almost need to be traded.
No.
Fucking Jesus Christ.
That's not what I'm saying.
Put it on a poster.
I follow what you're saying.
It's very difficult because sometimes people's hands are kind of forced
into certain situations and they're taking other information
in order to make that move.
Ultimately, does he have to lie responsible because he fucking made it
and pulled the trigger? Sure. But you are going to win some you are going to lose some and based on some of
the little moves or somewhat more significant moves he did make he was able to help them win
another two cups so it's just you have to give and take a little bit yeah so look at i know so
it's like i don't i don't blame him for the the andrew ladd trade people want to bury him for
that that one didn't work out you're going for the Cup in 16. I love that trade.
Dale Weiss and
I can't remember
the other guy
they got for
Philip Deneau.
That one looks
pretty bad.
That trade in the
moment.
Philip Deneau looks
money.
He's so fucking
good.
I know.
Who did Weiss have
an unbelievable season
for?
Was it Montreal?
It was Montreal.
Was it like 20
tucks?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, they thought
they were getting
that.
Joe Lucci's
fucking baddie.
Yep.
And they were loading up. Deneau was so fucking baddie. Yep. And they were loading up.
Deno was so skilled, though.
And he was already, he's a good defensive center.
He was already playing.
I think he had played 25 games.
That was the worst trade, I think.
That one was bad.
He's had some, the Terravainen thing.
They had to package him up.
They quit on him.
But the fans quit on him, too, dude.
The fans were, he was so young, too, and he's so good.
And they were like, people were ready to get him out of here.
Well, they thought they had Henestros and Schmaltz
coming to replace him. I think that was part of that
thing too, and they didn't want to have
to pay Jalmerson, so they traded
for Murphy, who's locked up longer, and they're thinking,
ah, he's similar. Murphy makes a fraction
less, and then Jalmerson, what, he's re-signed for five?
He got five a year, which to me is
worth it. I'd rather have Jalmerson
for five than Murphy for three.
That ended up being very payable.
John Wilson, unbelievable in the locker room.
His off-fights habits are incredible.
He takes really good care of himself as far as nutrition is concerned.
He's always in the gym.
He eats shots for breakfast.
So even if he wasn't as good defensively as he was advertised,
he's kind of setting the foundation in the locker room
in order to show younger guys,
this is what you need to do to have a long career
and win championships.
So just even that rubbing off of him, to me,
was worth overpaying him a little bit
because he's a defensive defenseman making 5 million.
I think he's worth every penny,
and he had a great start to the season this year.
He was incredible last year,
and then sure enough, he fucking blocks a shot, breaks his leg.
And we didn't even mention Panarin.
We went through this whole thing about Stan.
Okay, yeah, fuck Fire Stan.
Fire Stan is getting this game.
We'll get you a clown shirt.
Chief, I haven't bet on too many Blackhawks games this year,
so I haven't seen them a ton.
But I said it in our preview.
I just think the fear is gone.
When you watch them, they're just not the same Blackhawks.
So is that the fear?
You like that era? Because when you have a dynasty, the bill of entry comes to all the Patriots. That fear is gone like around when you watch them they're just not the same blackhawks so is that the fear you like that errors because i mean when you have a dynasty the bill of entry
comes down that era is gone like i i just i think that this team should just like if you have
foundational players like that it shouldn't be you know this hard to rebuild it where you're the
bottom like a top five pick you know a couple years lottery pick two years in a row and you
have like kane's never been better and the team's never been worse.
That makes no sense.
That sucks because he's actually staying this dominant every year.
He's been unbelievable.
I think as a GM who has helped bring you two more cups,
maybe people would argue that and say,
he didn't help at all, fuck, whatever.
No, I'm not saying that.
I think that you give him one last chance to rebuild this thing
and take one last stab at it.
I think you guys have the ability to do  to have one more run with that core group that got your first three i
hope so well the three that i'm talking about yeah but it's just you know i think it's you know
through that starting summer 2015 after that third cup it's been a rough run for him and you know and
a lot of it is some of the after summer 2015 you had to get rid of sod
the sharp thing like that's the money thing like that's kind of out of your control a lot of the
other deals it was like i'm gonna get creative and i'm gonna get ahead of things and it just
they haven't worked out just does part of this part of your hate stem from the fact that he
doesn't hate him i don't hate him okay sorry sorry let me retract just part of your dislike
for him stem from the fact that he wasn't as accountable for those moves even when he came on our podcast?
I felt like he was a little bit diplomatic.
I would have liked to have maybe heard him be like, you know what?
This is what I thought.
That one's on me.
I would love that.
And he had one comment on your podcast that drove me crazy.
It was the Panarin trade.
And he's like, well, yeah, if you keep Panarin, but then you can't keep other guys.
Well, you trade it for a guy that has the exact same cap hit.
They're both making 6 million.
It was probably Panarin.
Yeah, it was probably Panarin.
But I forgot he just didn't leave on his side.
And I really like Brandon Saad.
I think Brandon Saad's a really nice top nine winger.
He's not Artemi Panarin.
And it's just like that trade didn't make any sense.
At the time, how long was Saad locked down for
as opposed to Panarin?
Because he might think.
Two extra years.
So he's like, wow, I can maybe get a similar guy point-wise
where I got him locked in at a fair value.
I just signed the big boys for 10 each.
Those type of variables you've got to consider in your head.
And Sod was comfortable because he played here.
Sure.
Counterpoint?
Counterpoint?
You know the clock's ticking on Taves and Kane.
Guys don't get better after 30 typically.
So me, if they were in the bottom of the league right now,
having extended that run to 2017, 2018,
because they kept Panera in those two years,
because they won the West, and they got smoked by Nashville.
You had a bad week.
They were the number one seed in the West.
They come out of that. It was swept, right?
It was awful, but they got
housed by Nashville, who was a good team. They went to the
Stanley Cup Final, and they just
happened to be the 8th seed because they got off a slow start.
That's when they decided
to blow it up. If they had kept Panarin
and kept John... I assume
they would have got over the hump offensively
because they were losing games 1-0 1-0, 2-1?
1-0, yeah.
They couldn't score that series, right?
Couldn't score, and they couldn't.
I mean, the Nashville D are just too quick.
They move the puck too well.
They're awesome.
And everybody knew they were awesome.
People were predicting them to be good at the beginning of the year.
It just took them a while.
So they get smoked.
But if they had bottomed out now, okay, like we really went for it.
We maxed out.
We had to lose panarin after
the deal expired but we know our window with our special guys is right now i could accept that
but to try to like you want to go down swinging yeah go down with your best and then so they try
to play it both ways in the middle and now it's like well you miss the playoffs you got yeah lose
to st louis lose the national out of the playoffs out of the playoffs and it's now it's like maybe
they're a playoff team.
And that's what I love about the NHL now and the parody is GMs coming to play
and the fact that if you make a couple bad moves, you can cripple an organization.
What about those contracts?
They almost feel like more like rewards because, I mean, yeah,
they were two best players in the league, but they were for so long that it's like now,
yeah, like they're saying, is he a 10 million player?
Probably not.
But Kane's a deal now.
Yeah.
I'm fine with Taze and Kane at 10.5 million.
The one that really kills you is Seabrook because when he's all said and done and money made from the Chicago Black is going to be just shy of 100 million.
That's a lot of money.
And I love Brent Seabrook.
He's one of my all-time favorite hawks he he's he's hurting him right now like he's a third pair
guy who's struggling what's his hit 6.85 so to have a guy who you're counting on for 12 minutes
14 and how many more years is that deal through 2024 yeah that's a lot yeah yeah it was and that
was recent wow that's fucking crazy that that deal was that long when he signed it.
I didn't realize that.
Max, eight-year deal.
At the time, that was paid for what this guy's done.
What's that?
They paid him for what he did.
If you're going to enjoy the good times with him, you've got to enjoy the bad times with him.
That's business relationship advice.
That and take Viagra or Cialis.
That and just cheat on the road.
But Belichick probably walks away from Seabrook you know like he probably he probably like that like i'm loyal like a dog i would have
done exactly what the organization did yeah belichick's a little cutthroat oh he would have
given up brady for garoppolo for fuck's sakes yeah yeah so i don't know like i love siebes but
it's like that that deal's hurting up all right well dude this is a pleasure we gotta we gotta
do something with all you guys at some point maybe that interview was brought to you by
indochino indochino was founded on the belief that you don't need to spend a fortune on a custom
wardrobe you want to look good you feel good and then you play good whatever your play is on the
ice off the ice doesn't matter i want to tell you that indochino is the world's largest made to
measure menswear brand. They make suits,
shirts, coats, and more, and everything is made to your exact measurements for a great fit.
You get to personalize all the details, including your lapel, lining, and your own monogram.
They have hundreds of suit options for all occasions, including work, formal events,
and even your own wedding. The best part is they are all affordable. Almost all of their custom clothing is under 400 in the U.S.
The process is simple. You choose your fabric, you pick your customizations, and you submit your
measurements. Your package will be delivered straight to your door in two weeks. You can get
measured and design your own suit at your nearest Indochino showroom, or you can do it all yourself
at Indochino.com. Start your style upgrade now with 30 off your total purchase of 399 or more
at Indochino dot com when entering chiclets at checkout. Plus, the shipping is free. That's
Indochino dot com promo code chiclets for 30 off your total purchase of 399 or more. It's an
incredible deal for made-to-measure clothing. You really have no excuse anymore to wear clothing that doesn't fit.
I want to say a big thanks once again to my pal, Chief, man.
We've been doing this hockey stuff at Barstool for a while,
so a big thanks for him coming on.
He knows way more about the game than I do,
so I enjoyed talking to him, listening to him.
Another note we didn't get to last week,
a guy who means a lot to the Bruins here, Dennis Seidenberg,
a big part of that 2011 Cup winning team.
He officially retired.
I'm not sure if you remember.
Remember he came, he was somewhat of a vagabond.
He was on like five teams in a few years, and he was a good player,
but he couldn't really find a home.
Well, he settled in here nicely with the Bruins, was a key part of that,
again, that 2011 Cup winning team.
You know, I would even say without him, they might not win the Cup.
Is that a crazy statement, Whit?
Oh, he was so good for them.
Just the exact definition of a kind of a rock on D that you think of cup
winners have, and he played so hard.
He was physical.
The only thing I always told him when we skated together, I love the guy.
Great guy.
Really quiet.
But funny.
Dude, those fucking terrible blades he wore.
You could hear him coming from Berlin when he left home at the end of summer skating on those things those were brutal i think a couple other german
guys might have had him maybe i'm making that up but oh my god this guy was a machine too in the
weight room he kind of had a lot of orpik in him like in the gym being that jacked ripped up
worked out worked out the absolute unit. Worked out.
He's an absolute unit.
And, man, he really did find his stride with the Bruins.
Was he paired with Chara sometimes?
Yeah, they were the shutdown pair on that cup run, yeah.
Yeah, so I didn't remember if that was the case.
But, oh, man, he could get it out of his own zone.
He blocked a million shots.
He hammered guys.
Just knew what you were getting. And it was funny that you see guys kind of move around and it was Philly and Phoenix and
Carolina, I think Florida. And then he got to Boston and everything clicked. And sometimes
that's the case with certain guys. They just find a place that fits perfectly with their style,
how they play. And congrats to him on an amazing career because before him, I mean, there still aren't a ton of Germans,
but he's definitely a guy you think of when you're looking at that country
and their development in hockey.
Hey, so I met him at that Due West.
He was out with Larry Flowers recently when I was in NYC.
And, you know, you always hear about how nice of a guy he was,
and you mentioned he was a workhorse in the gym.
When you see him, he's like, oh, my, he's still in that great of shape yeah he's a rock and and we got to spend
the night together we were crushing beers i'm like oh my god this guy's even nicer than what
they described so uh great great uh to hang out with him congrats on an amazing career and uh
fuck he's a handsome devil too yeah he's he's good looking and like off the off the ice to get
nice clothes he also is unreal at the courtesy laugh he laughed at everything i said i'm having
this guy around dude hey keep laughing at my shit bro that's what i'm saying that's what and and we
were at due west and he's handsome guy so i made him sit where all the girls would see him and he's
married so keep they just came over and i would get to talk to him it was perfect no wonder i love
the guy so much.
It was like having Paisley back.
Yeah, he's a great guy, Sides.
I've hung out with him a few times.
Always a good time.
On that cup run, too, a goal, 10 assists in 25 games.
And of his 859 career games, 401 of them were here in Boston.
44 goals, 207 assists throughout his career.
Plus, he got to wear those German unis with.
I'm a fan of those.
The international German unis, you like those ones?'m a fan of those, the international German unis.
You like those ones?
The black, yellow, and red ones?
Those are pretty sharp.
Yeah, all right.
All right.
Well, speaking of sides, his last NHL team has been on fire lately.
After starting the year one and three, the Isles will look for their eighth
win in a row Friday night versus Tampa.
Their fancy stat numbers aren't too good.
They're in the bottom five with Fenwick and Corsi, all that stuff.
Their goaltending's been great. That was, I guess,
a little bit of a question mark where
Robin Lane went to Chicago. They brought in Valamoff,
but hasn't really been much of a drop-off.
What's your take on him here, Whit?
The Isles?
So I texted a buddy of mine,
a player on the Islanders.
I'll let you guess who.
Former roommate of mine. I really taught him about
life in the NHL, what it took to be a pro. I'll leave it at that, though. I said, how are you
guys so good? Come on. How are you guys so good? He told me, he's like, our structure's unreal.
We play with so much structure. We don't give up odd man rushes. It's like a miracle to get
an odd man rush against us. So this team with a bunch of guys
who work their dick off.
They work their dick right off their torso.
They just pull it right off because they
always come back. They always
back check hard. The back pressure's there. They're
never out of position. And Barry
Trotz has proven he's able to do
this with teams. Last year was no fluke.
They lose Leonard and it's still the same
on thing. The train keeps rolling, dude. So the structure they play and also their power
plays nice. So the games that they have kind of not played great five and five, their power plays
bailed them out a little bit. But when you're playing against a team who doesn't give you
chances and a lot of offensive teams, say a team like you think of the Leafs, right? They just
pop into my mind. They love getting two on one, on twos they create off the rush well if you're playing the Islanders and you never get
them and it's a period and a half and you haven't got anything going off the rush it starts getting
frustrating you start trying to do too much and that's what the Islanders do they feed off
turnovers they basically play a game where they're going to wait for you to try to get fancy and try
to get cute we're going to re-attack the other way and that's how we're going to wait for you to try to get fancy and try to get cute. We're going to reattack the other way,
and that's how we're going to create momentum and score.
So I think that if you're a coach of a team going in to play them,
or even when they're in your building, it's like, guys, be patient tonight.
That's all you're telling your guys when you're playing the Islanders,
because the minute you're not, they're going to take advantage,
and it's pretty fun to watch.
So Barzell's going to take them to the complete cleaners after this deal's done.
But right now, they're a nice team.
I don't think they can win the Stanley Cup.
They don't have the high-end skill,
and they don't have the players that I think it takes to win a cup,
but they're going to be there, right?
They're going to be in the playoffs again.
I didn't think they would be, but fuck, nothing's changed.
I thought goaltending was going to be the issue.
I didn't think they were going to be able to sustain the same numbers
they had last year, of course, because I said that.
It's the complete opposite, and I'm a moron.
But it makes sense.
You said how structured they are.
They're not giving up opportunities in the house.
And what I mean by that is the slot area,
maybe a little bit outside the tops of the circles area,
where most of what you're getting is to the outside.
And they got, you said they got worker bees on the back end
who are boxing guys out.
So their goalies probably aren't getting a lot of difficult looks every night.
So there's another one up my hoop.
As far as the, you mentioned the structure, man.
It's just like, I feel like Lou Lamorello is right back in the same situation
of the New Jersey Devils for that decade.
He didn't construct exactly the team, but bringing in trots
and knowing trots could get him back to coaching that,
where it's like, hey, I'm going to put a decent enough team around you
where you're going to have competent people to execute your system.
But you said it, they need a few more pieces.
They just don't have enough right now
they got this is a team that could probably get in the playoffs if they're able to keep you know
playing that type of structure and they don't deal with any type of injuries but like you said it's
just suffocating night in night out they're not giving you anything and all these high scoring
teams are like fuck it and they start cheating on the wrong side. It's just annoying. It's annoying to play against. And it's not the funnest to watch.
But, hey, winning's fun.
All right, boys.
I think we should send it over to Kirby Doc right about now.
Blackhawks draft pick this last year.
Looks like he's going to stick with the big club.
I enjoy talking to him.
A lot of these young kids biz, like we say, they're not the most animated.
But that wasn't an issue with Kirby at all.
So, without further ado, let's send it over to him.
Before we get to this interview, I just want to let you know that it's brought to you by
Peloton. Why does Men's Health call the Peloton bike the best cardio machine on the planet?
Let's break it down. Size. First off, with its compact 4x2 size, the Peloton bike can fit in
virtually any space in your home, no matter how small. The value is unreal as well, because you
get one subscription.
It's all you need to get unlimited classes for the entire family.
There's no commute, no reservations, no messing around with Joe Public.
You get thousands of rides you can take live or on demand at any time,
all for less than the cost of a studio class.
Also, Peloton makes hard work fun.
Get in your zone with curated music designed to move and motivate you. Hip-hop or country, Latin or pop, whatever you're in the mood for,
we've got classes waiting for you.
With a variety of themes, difficulty levels, and training programs,
experience something new every time you sweat.
Live encouragement from top instructors makes you want to keep coming back
for more.
Peloton is offering a limited-time offer.
Get 100 off accessories when you purchase the Peloton bike
and get a great cardio workout at home.
Go to onepeloton.com and use the promo code Hockey to get started.
Now I'd like to welcome our next guest to the show.
I feel like I'm talking to my little cousin over here,
like a baby-faced youngster.
Just got to town how many weeks ago?
Yeah, just started the season.
Rolled in one week before training camp.
Went up to Traverse City for the rookie tournament.
Been here ever since and kind of just waiting for the living letter
to show up at the house.
So I know I'm here full time.
That's the voice of Kirby.
Doc was just taking third overall in the draft.
How's it going, brother?
Good, good.
You guys?
Excellent, excellent.
It's doing great.
It's doing great.
So to lead into this before we get into you as a player
and your career that's just beginning to blossom,
we're sitting down and we're getting ready to record.
Everyone's listening.
He says, hey, I remember when you were in Edmonton, Whit.
People fucking hated you.
I said, hold that thought.
Hold that thought.
So you grew up right around the area of Fort Saskatchewan, right?
Yeah.
So you were always an Oilers fan?
Yeah.
My dad had season tickets growing up.
And Dale's here.
I don't know if we got your dad here.
I love that shit.
Does he work in the oil industry?
No, he works out of one of the companies.
He's got a small trucking company out of it.
I was going to say season tickets to the Oilers, man.
Must be nice, Dale.
Must be nice, bud.
Yeah, but I just remember you'd sit in the concourse and people would just fucking give it to it.
Just give it to him.
Hey, were you like, this kid's not bad?
Or were you one of the guys just like, this guy sucks?
I was like, he's like, he played in the Olympics.
He's a good player.
Thank you.
You didn't boom at all.
Thank you, Kirby.
No, I didn't.
No, he's like, dude, I want to get a break-out pass from number six on Edmonton.
Jesus.
No, but I just remember the whole city hated Witt.
I'm not making this up.
I can't believe, God, this is giving me flashbacks.
I'm going to start ticking like that.
So, dude, it's funny to hear that, but it's great for you, dude.
You're in the NHL, drafted this summer.
Before we kind of get into what's going around in your life right now
and how crazy it is, first year in the league, being so young,
Saskatoon Blades.
So the question is, you have three years on HockeyDB.
That's what we look at for a lot of research.
But the first year, just a quick little stop.
How did that work out?
Well, at 15 years old, you can't play any games.
You don't play five.
But they use this emergency status.
Like, guys got hurt.
They said guys were hurt, so they called me up.
Like, halfway through my midget season, I kind of just said,
see you later, Fort Sask.
Went and played in the Western League.
All right, so you were dominating that much.
It was basically like this kid, he's too good for where he's playing right now.
That's crazy, dude.
I grew up playing underage my whole year.
I was like 12 years old playing underage.
Playing like 12 years old.
I was 12 years old playing against 14, 15-year-old kids in the family.
You were like Dustin Bufflin.
We were just talking to Duncan Keith about that.
I always played against guys who were a lot older than me growing up.
So hockey from the start of your life.
You've always loved it.
Your dad, did he play?
Or has he always been a huge fan?
He played, but he didn't really make it to the Western League.
He wasn't like me.
I'm the hockey player in this family.
No, no.
He played and obviously kind of got me into it.
Me and my brother, obviously.
Biz met my brother not too long ago.
I went and dropped the puck at the game at his brother.
He's a 16-year-old, isn't he? Oh, so he's playing with the Blades right now. Yeah, he is. Nice player as well. Yeah, I went and dropped the puck at the game at his brother. He's a 16-year-old, isn't he?
Oh, so he's playing
with the Blades right now.
Yeah, yeah.
Nice player as well.
Yeah, he's pretty good.
That's a pretty good junior town
for the Western League.
Yeah.
I mean, it's a big arena.
They don't sell it out every night,
but a nice facility.
Oh, yeah.
You guys have Mitch Love,
or you had Mitch Love as a coach.
Last year was his first year.
I don't know if you know him,
but spent some time in the minors.
And this guy, a little undersized, but holy fuck would he fight.
He would muck it up.
Is he an intense coach as he was a player?
In practice, it'll be going along good, and then something will happen.
You'll be like, all right, let it happen.
And then the next time, fucking snaps.
Just loses it.
One time I remember.
Fine bowler?
Yeah, I remember it fucking clear as day. I'm sitting on the bench beside my buddy, and he fucking snaps just loses it one time i remember yeah i remember it fucking clear as day i'm
sitting on the bench beside my buddy and he's fucking snaps the guy turns the puck over skates
over to him fucking from media away he starts ripping him you're a fucking piece of shit you
fucking suck no within a week later the guy was traded see you later buddy yeah that was it yeah
that was his last time i seen him in the league so an intense coach right did you ever get on that
at end of the raft yeah yeah me and him went at it a couple times
in practice because we'd play small area games
and I always felt like he'd fucking
fuck over our team so he'd give the puck
to their team. So I'd always
give it to him like, what the fuck are you doing
lover? Give me the puck!
And he'd snap at me, he's like, fucking shut up!
So then after practice we'd talk and it'd be alright.
So he probably loved your passion.
Did you like that? Because I had coaches that were very hard on me growing up.
And looking back, those were my favorite coaches.
Yeah, I loved having him.
He was good for me.
He probably loved you giving it back to him, too.
Yeah, exactly.
He's a pretty intense guy.
I mean, Biz played against him in the minors.
Oh, yeah.
This guy was a snapshot, but he was good.
He got into coaching right away.
Was this his first few years, or had he coached prior?
That was his first year as a head coach in the Western League.
He coached in Everett for like five six years under
kevin constantine who's also a nut yeah that guy was forever ago yeah wow all right so this summer
the draft comes around and obviously you have a great year what are your thoughts going in you
you know hughes is basically number one overall and you know that in this this caco comes around world juniors like are you thinking i could go ahead of this guy
where were you thinking you were gonna get drafted going in yeah obviously my goal here was to get
top five i mean that was kind of my my goal and obviously jack and capo kind of separated
themselves end of march and then world championships really helped out capo so it's
unbelievable for those two guys to have that advantage
over us Canadian kids who kind of still have to play in playoffs.
That's a shot at every other country
because the Canadian team's too good, by the way.
Yeah, even if we are available, we're not making that team any day.
So it was good for those guys to see them,
but then there's kind of a fight for third overall between a couple of us
and got to know a couple of those guys pretty good and had some good times for them out at the combine and
did you do the thing with um don cherry at the cup finals i did that yeah how great is that that's
pretty cool hey yeah like in i don't know if it's the same for you for us we interviewed in the
morning after pregame skate yeah and they play it and then that night you go to the game i remember
the um dave keon getting us beers from the nhl get out of here yeah it Yeah, it was me, Bo Meister, Upshaw, Lupo,
and he got everyone Bud Heavies.
We were just coming, and I'm like, what a guy this guy is.
Davey Keon, unbelievable.
He's still there, and he's still doing it.
Same thing.
Does that mean he passed you a beer?
He's the best guy.
All five of us.
Oh, yeah, he's in the show now, too.
Yeah, he's got some little dessert.
I don't know, like mint ice cream with some vodka in it.
I don't know what it was, but he gave it all to us,
and it was unbelievable.
Fuck, he stepped up his game. I didn't get that. He's got Bud Heavies. Okay, and I don't know what it was, but he gave it all to us, and it was unbelievable. Fuck, he stepped up his game.
I didn't get that.
I just got bought heavies.
Okay, so speaking of the draft, we've had some guys come on
and talk about funny questions they've been asked in their meetings.
Did you end up meeting with quite a few teams,
and did you meet with the Chicago Blackhawks?
Did you have a sense that there was just that comfort level?
Because I ended up guessing who was going to draft me.
I had a good interview with
Pittsburgh, and sure enough, they ended up
drafting me. Was that the same case? Yeah. I think
I only had eight or nine interviews.
My interviews were short and sweet. They knew you
were going high with a certain amount of teams. They weren't
grilling you at all? No. I didn't really
get any tough questions.
Actually, Iserman in
Detroit grilled me. Okay. Really?
He's like, first of all, I sit down.
I'm like, nice to meet you.
I'm a hockey legend, so I'm being respectful.
So I heard you smoke weed.
I'm like, no, I really don't.
He's like, okay.
Questions go on.
So are you sure you don't smoke any pot?
Because I had some of your teammates tell me you smoke weed.
I'm like, no, I don't really smoke weed.
And he's like, are you sure?
I'm like, yeah.
And then questions go on. And he's like, why, dude? And he's like an intimidating guy. He's very smoke weed and he's like are you sure I'm like yeah and then questions
and he's like an intimidating guy
like he's very intense
and he's in your face
and I'm sitting there
and like holy this
like I'm starting to sweat
and I'm like
I'm gonna have to change
my shirt after this
for the next interview
but then like
after I got out
and he's like
yeah I know you don't
but I'm just fucking with you
hey he gets out of the room
he's like
hey you wanna rip a joint
he's like hey man
just wanted to make sure you wouldn't rat on me.
Let's rip this pen.
Oh, that's good, though.
They bought it.
They bought it.
That's wild that Stevie Y was grilling you.
Yeah.
That was nuts.
Everything else was like super easy with the interviews.
I buried the lead in your intro.
I got to take it back.
Dude, you got your first tuck last night.
I know it's jumping ahead.
We got to bring that up right away, dude.
How awesome was it?
I know Biz gave you a little shit when you walked in.
That was worse than my first one.
Yeah, it was tough.
But how awesome is it, though, getting you first?
No, that was pretty cool.
Even at home, it was awesome.
The UC is a sick place to play, and it's always bumping.
So, I mean, maybe over-celebrated a little bit.
Oh, you kind of locked out.
Well, no, I was saying that it's an over-celebration,
but it doesn't matter because it's your first goal.
So no matter how it went in, you were just going to...
At home, you're right, it makes such a difference.
And a close game, too.
And it's only your second game.
Yeah, exactly.
So this year so far, you're figuring out where you sit in the locker room and everything,
but you've been sitting out and are they telling you what to watch for?
Are they telling you what's going on?
Or are you kind of just like, I'm young, I'm not going to ask any questions?
No, the older guys in the locker room are huge i mean the core group they have here is awesome for me to learn from and obviously tasers and centermen
kind of looked up to him when i was little so was he your guy i was gonna say who was your number
one kind of him three years ago who are you like watching every time taser said caner stab ghost
like all those kind of top end guys so you meet meet Kane and Taze right at camp this year.
You must have been intimidated or more just like,
hey, guys, how are you?
I'm Kirby.
Yeah, pretty much.
Hey, I'm Kirby, man.
I met Taze in the hallway at rookie camp,
and I was just like, how's it going, Jonathan?
And he was just like, hey, it's all right.
And then Kaner, just like, so showtime.
This guy's just the biggest beauty ever.
He's got a nice strut to him now.
He's whole Hollywood. And he can pull it the biggest beauty ever. He's Hollywood.
And he can pull it off like nobody else.
It's so sick.
Comes up to me and he's like, hey, canter.
Fist bump.
I'm like, Kirby, nice to meet you.
Hey, docker.
I'm like, holy fuck, this guy's a beauty, man.
I'm going to hang with this guy more often. How long does it take for that daze to wear off?
Where you're just like, holy shit like or is it still going on all right like
there's some times where it hits you you're like holy fuck like it's i'm still here but other times
it's kind of been normal i mean gotten used to the guys a little bit better which is awesome
you're on the ice it's like you just gotta focus yeah exactly you're living with brent seabrook
yeah oh wow how many kids does he have three well He basically hired the Blackhawks
To hire a babysitter
We're going out tonight, Docker
So just make sure the kids are asleep by 8
And YouTube how to change a diaper
Don't give any blood either
That must be great, right?
Yeah, it's awesome. He's got three dogs, three kids
So the house is busy and it's a lot of fun
Which makes you feel more at home
Because as cool as it is being your age
and being in this sick city, there's times you'd be lonely.
I mean, it's probably great.
I think that a lot of first-year players that make the team right out of getting drafted,
it's good to live with a family.
I remember Joe Thornton lived with a family in Boston.
It's like you can't be on your own right away.
You could be an absolute disaster.
You've got to have somebody to really in.
Do you know how to cook?
A little bit. Not very good, though. Do you know how to cook? A little bit.
Not very good, though.
Do you boil pasta?
You'd eat out every night.
Yeah, I'd be lost for dinner.
I'd text one of the guys for dinner and go over there and just mooch off them.
It reminds me of Patrice Bergeron.
He lived with Martin Lapointe his first two years and became a professional.
Everybody and their mother wanted Tyler Sagan to live with in the family. He's like, no.
He got kicked out of a apartment his first year.
He got traded to Dallas.
Might want to live with a vet.
So, like, you're living
with Siebes right now. Every day you're driving
to the rink with him, I assume. Yeah.
Have you bought anything since you signed?
Anything? What have you gone with?
A car? No, I'm waiting to buy
a car. I've got a few more dollars before I buy what I want to buy.
Okay, well, what is that?
I want to buy a G-Wagon.
Wow.
What does the old man think of this?
We were getting an Uber today.
Uber black, obviously.
G-Wagon was the fun one.
I'm like, that's a sick whip.
I could see this kid ripping around.
A black one?
Yeah, a black one.
What's the old man think of that type of purchase?
What do you think, Dale?
Let's get him in here.
Dale doesn't want it.
Yeah, Dale's like, you better fucking buy it, and I'm driving that thing when you're
not around.
Just tell Patty Kane to give you a week's paycheck and you can get a G-Wagon.
Honestly, I'm clueless about cars.
What's a G-Wagon?
It's a Mercedes.
Mercedes SUV.
Kind of box-shaped.
It's a baller car.
I believe we used to refer to those as pussy magnets
Now of course we won't
You can't use that type of language
He's young
But very comfortable maybe for the family to ride into
So you can be going for the safety precautions on that one
Gotta drive seeps kids around
So get something that's reliable
You got a baby seat in there
You got a couple baby seats in the back of your G-Wagon.
Yeah, I know,
but I bought Louis Vuitton shoes
the other day.
Whoa!
Are those them?
No, they're at home.
This is a good look right now.
Oh, fuck, I'll take this kid's look.
He doesn't, I mean,
Dunk Keith was dressed
like a homeless guy.
He goes,
I didn't know we were
going to be on camera.
Yeah, you should see
the way he comes to the rink
all the time.
It's hilarious.
So funny.
He said he's a bit of a hick, right?
Yeah, he's awesome.
I love Dunks.
I call him Wolf Manor Commander Keith.
Commander Keith, I like that one.
Kirby Doc running the locker room, played two games in the National Hockey.
You asking the boys to change music, too?
No, no, I don't.
Who runs the music in there?
Murph, Murphy.
Oh, okay.
He got hurt last night.
Yeah, he did.
This was the Vegas Golden Knights OT loss.
So how much money you have on the board last night?
Or first game?
First game, 1,500.
Wow.
Yeah, 1,000 for the boys, 500 for the trainers.
That a boy.
That a boy.
That's how you know this guy knows.
He's thinking of the trainers right away.
Wait, now taking it back.
No, taking it back.
Shucks.
Hey, who did you ask?
What do I put on the board?
Who did I ask?
Seabs. Yeah, Seabs. You always get do I put on the board? Who did I ask? Seebs.
Yeah, seebs.
You always get,
and then whatever he says.
As he asks, he's like,
please don't say 5,000.
Please don't say 5,000.
He's like, 50,000.
He's like, I can do that.
He's like, come on,
I need to get the G-Wagon.
So you don't get the G-Wagon yet.
What have you bought
other than the Louis Vuitton shoes?
You must have treated yourself
to something, no?
No, just that
and kind of just saving up.
I don't know.
Compound interest, kid.
Don't fucking spend it all.
I'm telling you.
What was first road trip?
First road...
Well, we were over in Europe
and Prague for a couple of weeks.
That must have been fun, huh?
Getting to know the guys.
Yeah, that was a fun time.
Did you guys have a nice night out
after the game?
Yeah, we went out
because we got to Prague
like two or three days before
so we had like a day off,
day and a half off.
Team dinner.
Yeah, team dinner
and then a team night out.
Come on.
So it was pretty good. That's awesome. That's kind of like my first experience making the NHL in Pittsburgh.
Oh, you went to Stockholm.
And I feel like the older guys, when
you get a new guy on the team, they're always going to be like,
let's show this guy what this is really
about. Was that the case in Prague?
Yeah, a little bit. Any other
rookies right now on the team?
Like Nylander's kind of classified as a rookie.
Same with that Kubala kid.
So Nylander's got some skill, huh?
Like when you practice, you're like, holy shit.
So good on his edges, it's crazy.
Yeah, so there's definitely, I mean, that was a big trade for them, right?
So I think that that's a guy that you're seeing, like, they're looking at you,
they're looking at him as some younger guys here that could make a huge difference for a couple years.
I mean, it must feel good to know that you're such a high pick.
It's like, dude, I'm going to be part of the core here for a long time.
Yeah, that's a good feeling.
I mean, obviously, I want to spend my whole career here.
It's such a nice place to live, and it's unbelievable.
Did you know about this city at all?
Had you ever been here?
No, no.
How beautiful.
It's so beautiful.
It's nice.
It's not Saskatoon anymore, Dad.
No, ain't no Saskatoon in Fort Saskatchewan.
I went to, what's that bar called there?
Hudson's. Hudson's. Oh, buddy. Is Fort Saskatoon in Fort Saskatchewan. I went to, what's that bar called there? Hudson's.
Hudson's.
Oh, buddy.
Is Fort Saskatchewan
where Upshaw's from?
That's where Lupo's from.
That's where Lupo's from.
Yeah, Lupo's is from there.
We were in Saskatoon.
Oh.
Where the Saskatoon Blades play.
Hudson's.
I love Canadian women.
They are so beautiful.
And they love you.
And they love you, guys.
And they love you.
And it doesn't matter
what line you play on, they just love you if you play hockey. If you. And they love you. And it doesn't matter what line you play on.
They just love you if you play hockey.
If you got a tattoo, game over.
It's true, though.
You play hockey and you got a tattoo, you're in with the women in Canada.
It's unbelievable.
Especially in Western Canada.
It's an incredible country for them.
Yeah, unbelievable.
It's like being a soccer player in England or something.
You're like, this is the go zone.
Handsome fellow.
How do you pronounce it?
Wooters?
Waters.
Waters.
Is that how you pronounce it?
I'm not good with the last name.
Yeah, that's right.
He's a captain of the Blades, and he took the ceremonial face off.
And I'm like, this kid's a handsome devil.
This guy must be doing all right here.
Kid must be whacking.
He's got a girlfriend.
Oh, what a nerd.
I met his parents in the elevator.
Great family.
Yeah, unbelievable.
Super nice
Well it's funny that you bring up the Blades
Because
I mean
You know the guys so well that are there
You're staying in touch
And they must be like
Dude how is it playing against so and so
I mean
Is that pretty cool
Like seeing how they're
I mean you're checking all their box scores still
Yeah exactly
I mean my little brother plays on the team
So I'm always checking up with him
And then
My best buddy who I grew up with from home
Eric Florchek Still plays on the team and he's drafted to Washington so oh really
I got to play my first game against Washington so he's kind of rooting against me but cheering
for me at the same time but is this your brother's first year yeah and what's his name Colton Colton
so a little bit of a bummer that you're not playing with him yeah that sucks it would have
been our first year playing together but at the same time can't really pass up playing in the
NHL are we going to be looking out for him in a couple years draft-wise?
He got some game, too?
Yeah, yeah.
Big boy like you?
Big boy.
The only difference is he's a lefty shot.
I'm a righty.
He's a lefty.
So you guys would work good together, then.
Yeah, maybe.
What's the best part of your game?
I mean, you're big.
You can skate.
But is it more like you consider yourself more of a playmaker, goal scorer?
What do you think the ceiling for yourself is going to be?
Yeah, I think myself more of a playmaker goal scorer what do you think the the ceiling for yourself is going to be yeah i think myself some more of a playmaker i don't know i've always kind of played with guys
who've been good shooters and get open so i just seem to make plays that way and give them the puck
in the right spots all the time i i looked and i watched you know the draft stuff and and for me
like being out of the game it's tough because there's so many young kids you don't know a lot
about when you're playing you know everyone that's coming up. So you listen to what people say about you.
And what I heard and what I've seen in highlights,
and there's like Ryan Getzlaff.
Is that a guy that you kind of like, I could be,
I think that that's like a player I could mold myself after.
Big fucking rangy guy that can play make, score, like hit physical.
Yeah, obviously kind of watched Getzlaff grow up a little bit,
a Western Canadian guy.
So I got to watch him play when I was a little bit of a Western Canadian guy, so I got to watch him play
when I was a little bit younger, then more recently
Mark Scheifele and Ryan Johansson,
a couple of younger guys who are pretty good players
and obviously I kind of model my game after that
200-foot centerman.
Two games in the NHL so far as we
interview you, what's been the most
overwhelming as far as the game standpoint?
Have you been, like your time and
space taken away so fast? Yeah, the pace of the game standpoint have you been like your time and space taken away yeah
so fast it's just yeah the pace of the game is ridiculous what's been the hardest thing to to
grasp and you're like i need to work on this i think just the pace of the game for myself i mean
you don't really know what it's going to be like until you step out there and just how big and
strong everybody is i mean first game i'm line matching and silvechkin and backstrom and ocean
and these guys are just blowing by me, and they're so strong in their sticks
and how well they skate, it's crazy.
So for me, that's just the biggest part is just growing mature.
It's like just a buddy and myself were talking the other day about even NFL and college.
Like when you leave college football, you get to the NFL, every guy is as fast as you.
So it's like junior, you can just dominate and do things that now you're like,
holy fuck, my time and space is taken away.
But what's surprising for the most part, and I remember for myself,
is being like some moments you're like, I can do this.
You make some plays, you're like, I'm making nice plays in the NHL.
So is it cool so far to have some time where you're like, dude, I just made a sick play.
I can play in this league.
Yeah, exactly.
I think there's moments in each game where
I felt like I can still
do the things I can do in junior, but then there's
moments where like, okay, well that's not going to work.
Very humbling. But that'll be like that. It's cool, though.
It's a pretty neat experience. What's your
draft position? It comes with a lot of expectations,
a lot of pressure. Is that something you even feel?
Or you just kind of do your thing and let the chips fall
where they may? Yeah, obviously there's a little bit of pressure.
Everybody thought they were going to take Byram or Turcotte
because he was from here, and then they ended up taking me.
Turcotte is?
Yeah, Turcotte's like 30 minutes from the city.
How about the picture I took of his dad picking his nose?
It's the best picture I've ever taken.
We're all good buddies.
Me, Jack, Turcotte, Cousins, and Byram.
From that draft thing?
From the draft thing.
And we were at the Combine together, so we got to spend a lot of time together.
So as soon as that happened, Cous threw it in the group chat,
and we're all howling at fucking Turks' dad, picking his nose.
I heard Alfie's allegedly a beauty.
Yeah, I heard his beauty.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
Say goodnight to Darren Turcotte.
No, it was Alfie Turcotte.
Oh, my bad, my bad.
That's old school.
No, no, that's fine. I don't know either.iterricot. Oh, my bad. My bad. That's old school. No, no.
I don't know either.
He was the first rounder by Montreal years ago.
What's interesting now is that you guys are all buddies.
I think that's cool.
And I think that a sense of what's changed is social media, right?
Yeah. When you're 14 years old, I was checking hockey's future message boards.
Now, you're following guys on Instagram.
You're getting to know people.
Pummy sticks.
Yeah, but in a sense, you're getting to know people that you're competitive against.
And I think that's probably cool because when you're talking to guys that are playing in
the league, like, how's it going for you, right?
Things like that.
It's like friendly competition.
I mean, you're friends off the ice, but when it comes down on the ice, you're enemies.
What's he like?
Jack's a beauty.
Good dude?
Yeah, he's awesome.
I love Jack.
How about that one clip that came out of him at Mardi Gras or something?
At Boots and Hearts. Oh, is that Boots and Hearts? He's probably. I love Jack. How about that one clip that came out of him at Mardi Gras? At Boots and Hearts.
Oh, is that Boots and Hearts?
He's probably VIP already.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, I didn't see.
Boots and Hearts is an awesome country music festival.
It's just out of Toronto, isn't it?
Yeah.
It's like all the big Toronto hockey guys going.
And then McDavid goes to it.
Yeah, apparently the guy who runs the whole thing is a huge hockey guy.
So he just gives the hockey guys free VIP passes and lets them come.
Playing in the National League.
Yeah, that's National League shit right there.
Nothing beats it.
So early in your career, you're probably spending a lot of time watching video,
I would imagine, because Colton's a very intelligent coach,
probably thinks the game very well.
Do you have to sit down every day and just go through stuff? And who's talking to you the most assistant coach that jeremy called it himself
yeah obviously kind of each coach kind of puts their own input into me and uh with sheldon
brookbank it's more just about the defensive side so i played with brookie really legend yeah he's
a beauty he is one of the best people i've ever played with quick sorry to interrupt you i was
actually chirping a guy um when we were on Anaheim together
that was up and down call up.
I'm like, go back to the minors, you fucking scrub.
And Brookie on the bench, who I really respected because he was so tough.
Like, he did anything for his teammates.
He's like, hey, that's fucking bullshit.
He's like, I'm a guy that's been up and down.
Like, why would you say that?
And I remember I always remembered it.
Because he didn't just play, like, hard and tough.
He played with, like like a lot of honor,
you know what I mean?
So like just a quick story
about him.
I was really happy
that he ended up
getting the gig.
He's been there like
two or three years now.
He was coaching in Rockford
a couple years ago
and then last year
he came up full time.
So he's been helpful?
Yeah, he's been awesome.
I mean, kind of just learning
the D side of the puck
and all that.
Yeah.
Shit in the D zone
and then Crawford's obviously
been a huge help
just kind of getting to know the game and how fast I have to play
and where to be positionally.
And then Jeremy does video with me pretty much every day about what I could do better in that area.
And you like seeing them.
I mean, you're coachable.
You like seeing all that stuff.
Yeah, I like it.
I mean, I always kind of go back and rewatch the games after they're done
and kind of hot stove with the guys after and pick each other's brains and see what's going on.
Love that.
What's your favorite part of the city so far?
The Rockets.
Have you been to Maple and Ash yet?
No, I haven't been to Maple and Ash.
Oh, buddy.
Yeah, but I spent a
He's 16.
Well, no, no, Maple and Ash is a restaurant.
I'm going to bring you there and I'm going to give you the experience.
Okay, I'll take that experience.
I heard it's unbelievable, but I don't Maple and Ash are the restaurant. I'm going to bring you there, and I'm going to give you the experience. Okay, I'll take that experience. I heard it's unbelievable.
I don't know.
I love the city.
I went to a Cubs game one time.
That was pretty cool.
No Bears games yet?
No, no Bears games yet.
Last night, they were booing Trubisky.
Did you see that?
Yeah, I heard about that.
A little kid at the intermission, they said,
who's your favorite Chicago Bear?
He goes, Trubisky.
And the whole crowd started booing him.
Yeah.
So a tough, tough town for Mitch right now.
Yeah, that guy's in hot seat.
Yeah, he's in trouble. But no, I
spent a lot of time down on Michigan Avenue
where all the stores are and all that kind of stuff.
And then there's a couple other streets
where I spent some time too.
He went from rookie orientation to window shopping
at Louie to walking in saying, give me those ones.
To walking right over and just getting a G.
Like remember Malkin?
Evgeny Malkin, the story when he was with Brooks Orpik
walking on a road trip and they passed Louis Vuitton.
It was like 9.05 and Louis closed at 9.
And Malkin starts knocking on the window
and the guy comes over and he opens.
He's like, sir, we're closed.
And he goes, I buy shoes.
Hold on.
Three years.
Hold on, sir.
It's 9.05.
We're closed right now.
He goes, no, no, I buy shoes.
I buy mini shoes.
And he goes, are you going to buy some? He goes, I buy shoes. And they let him now. He goes, no, no. I buy shoes. I buy mini shoes. Are you going to buy some?
He goes, I buy shoes.
And they let a mini spend five grand on shoes.
I think he obviously bought more than one pair, but Brooks Orpik said he sat there and
watched this guy get his carbonated water and spend 5K on fucking wheels.
Any talk about Rookie Party yet?
Or is that not?
I mean, it's early in the year, right?
Yeah, I mean, we got a couple days off in la and so uh
halloween rookie party is all gonna be tied into one is it was what i've been coming up here yeah
oh so they're gonna put you in a obnoxious outfit yeah so you're gonna be dressed up like kermit the
frog yeah i'm just ripping up that boys you guys got anything else no this is great though i i it's
great to meet a guy who's gonna to play a long time in this league
and have so much to say.
I mean, a lot of guys are really quiet, so we appreciate you being candid
and coming on, and hopefully we can get all the boys back home
listening to the show if they aren't already.
Yeah, exactly.
Thanks, guys.
All right, anytime.
Work hard, buddy.
Put the nose down and fucking work.
Follow Kaner.
Big thank you to Kirby Dock, and I just
can't get over Iserman trying to get a
joint off him at the player
meetings.
Stevie Y,
have your own hookup.
He's like, really, you don't? You can't help me
out.
He's like, I'm Jones in here, Kirby.
Stevie, why are you holding out on me?
I got 10 more of these interviews.
I got to make you young guys interesting.
Biz, hey, Halloween's here, Biz.
Any dress-ups this year for you or what?
Because Halloween on a Thursday, man,
it means there's parties for two weekends, dude.
It's crazy.
Yeah, it's annoying how long Halloween's been going on this year.
Like, the whole month.
It's like every holiday now you celebrate the whole goddamn month.
Um,
I don't,
I don't do the,
the Halloween thing anymore.
Like I,
unless I get invited to a party or something,
but no,
I got,
we got a busy week ahead of us.
Um,
I'll be doing something with the NHL on Sunday.
We got a game on Saturday.
So just get some rest.
Yeah.
Maybe get back to,
but,
but now saying about the costume things,
there has been tons of NHLers who are been just going out, like dressing to the nines. Yeah. Maybe get back to, but now saying about the costume things, there has been tons of NHLers who have been just going,
like, dressing to the nines.
Yeah, well, when you get that kind of dough,
you can spend fucking 600,000, 800,000 on a costume.
You better look good.
I think Shattenkirk's must have been five grand.
Remember when he was the Night King?
Yeah.
That must have been more than 1,000.
He looked legit.
Yeah, it was some good shit
well the boys at spit and chick let's have a new home for sports betting this year and you need to
check out the bet mgm sports app in new jersey the same guys that bring you the world's most
spectacular casino resorts and top-notch entertainment have a new sports betting app
in new jersey you can download the app deposit and check out lines from anywhere in the world
but you need to be in new Jersey to place all your bets.
Whether you're at Pine Barrens or the other place Tony Soprano hangs out
getting onion rings for the table, that's fine.
Just be in Jersey because this week we have an absolute gong show
of a deal for new customers on the BetMGM Sports app.
When you use the bonus code CHICKLETS, BetMGM knows Chicklets,
and they know the Chicklets boys love to hammer the puck lines.
We're all over the puck lines here.
Place a 1 puck line wager on any game from Thursday through Sunday
and receive 100 to 1 odds on your bet.
You just need to make sure to follow these simple instructions.
Sign up for a new BetMGM account and use the bonus code CHICKLETS.
Make sure to place your first bet on any puck line from Thursday through Sunday
this week. If your bet wins, you'll receive 100 in free bets from your 1 wager. Winnings paid in
free bets must be 21 or older, must be in New Jersey to place bets. Restrictions apply. Visit
betmgm.com for the full list of terms and conditions. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Boys, now we're going to take it into the gambling corner my public
plays have been a fucking disaster lately boys
it's been rough
but it's weird
man I was down huge
going into Sunday and I tweeted
I sent you guys the text of my plays dude I went
fucking 5-0-1 in the NFL
man I'm terrible in the NFL
I got back to pretty much even riding NFL games.
So, of course, my next play out, hockey, boom, I lose another one.
It's been a struggle with my public wages.
Having said all that, I got one flyer Friday night.
I'm looking for our boy Hazy and company to get off to Schneid.
They're in New Jersey, not too much of a commute.
I'm taking the flyers on the money line for whatever, call it a thousand,
and we're going to take them on the puck line for 500 as well. So Flyers Friday night in New Jersey,
we're going to take them for a dime on the money line, and we'll take them on the puck line as well
for a nickel. And again, remember, BetMGM is the home for chiclets all season long. If you're a
new customer, place your first bet of 1 or more on any puck line from Thursday through Sunday this week, and you'll get 100 if your bet wins.
Yeah, boys, it's been a little bit of a struggle here picking them late.
Whit, how you been doing, brother?
I've been doing awful.
I said it earlier.
I'm terrible.
I don't have my own gambling corner, though.
I think it's pretty funny, though.
You come on, you're like, oh, yeah, I've been struggling,
but I've been winning everything else.
The people who are taking your picks on this are like, I don't give a
Yeah.
You've been winning everything else, dude. Well, taking your picks on this are like, I don't give a fuck. Yeah. You've been winning everything else, dude.
Well, fortunately, I'll be getting a little commission from those hashtag
Whit missed T-shirts.
That one now sounds sold.
How many sold?
I'm not sure.
Grinnelli, have we hit a million yet?
We've sold a decent chunk.
All right.
All right.
So I'll get a little cut from that.
Help pay my losses.
Who wins my shirt?
Fucking Hawks hate Whit.
Hashtag Hawks hate wit.
Let's sell that one.
Given a broken stick.
Unbelievable.
Somebody said there was video evidence of you smacking your stick after R.A.
sunk it.
And they think that you broke the stick yourself.
The stick was already broken.
So what I figured was I can maybe break this.
You know, it's like two negatives equal positive.
And then I at the end, once everyone
hit, I almost threw it
against the glass. I said, I want to show somebody
you gave a guy a broken stick.
What's crazy is you actually
got three shots too, didn't you?
Yeah, three shots
with three light up through
the clown's mouth pucks.
I had to put sunglasses
on to shoot those pucks
biz how about that how about that snapshot i ripped off though i'm busy i went up thinking
rista but there was too much snow out there so last second went with the snap your form was just
like oh i thought you were having a seizure and it's just like you just fought you found a way
doesn't matter doesn't matter how it happens. It matters how many, right?
Yeah.
And I got one.
The term is it's not how, it's how many.
Yeah.
No, but I would know that because I fucking said it my whole career.
I was trying to put it in busy.
So, all right, boys, any final notes we got before?
Oh, I was going to ask you something.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I had something.
I had something quick.
The Oilers kind of struggled and lost four of their last five.
But interesting enough, Connor McDavid last night,
he got his 394th point in his 300th game played.
So that's 11th most points in the history of hockey
through 300 games played.
So obviously, you know, Gretzky, Lemieux.
I don't think you could guess in 10 years who third is
with 470 points through their first 300 games.
Timu Solani?
Nope.
Dude, I saw this.
I was like, what?
Like, I knew he was filthy, but...
Peter Forsberg?
No.
You got the first name right.
Peter Stastny.
Oh.
470 through his first 300 games played.
Crosby had 407, so he beat McDavid by, what would that be?
13.
Thank you.
Kent Nielsen was after Crosby, another name, 401.
Never would have guessed that.
So he actually passed Solani last night and Dale Howarchuk.
They had 393, so he got his 394th. So he actually passed Solani last night and Dale Howarchuk. They had 393.
So he got his 394th.
So congrats to him.
The Oilers looking a little scary right now,
but we'll see if they can get back to what the beginning of the year brought.
Anything else going on for you guys?
I'm about to go to television now.
Like, I just work my balls off.
I'm going to go just perform on a national television channel, NHL Network.
You can't watch because
you're listening to something that happened yesterday,
but still, I'd have to
remind you guys.
Carolina, pretty funny. They did the
storm surge. They did trick-or-treating.
The guys would come up to the middle
and grab a chocolate bar from
Joel Edmondson or whatever he gave them.
Really? I don't mind that.
I didn't see it.
I didn't see it.
I mean, they're still being creative.
And one other note, I want to thank Jake Marsh at PMT Sports Biz
for those Equinox numbers that he gave me earlier,
that sports Equinox talk we had.
So thanks to him.
And I think that about wraps it up, boys.
Oh, yeah, I got to cover up a blunder.
I said Mike Smith played for Edmonton
or he played for Calmonton or already played
for calgary in the outdoor game that was listen that chalk that chicago uh post chicago episode
throw it right down the goddamn tubes i i tweeted out somebody was like hey smitty smitty plays for
edmonton not calgary hit it i go hey if you would ask me gretzky still plays for the oilers that
fucking episode all All right.
On that note, everybody, have a fantastic weekend.
Peace.
As always, we want to send a hearty thank you to all of our sponsors and listeners.
If you want to check out our sponsors, first off, you want to go to onepeloton.com.
The promo code is hockey.
If you want to check out Roman, go to getroman.com slash chicklets.
If you want to check out Ethos, go to ethosLife.com slash chicklets and click on Check My Price.
And if you want to check out Indochino, go to Indochino.com and the promo code there is chicklets.
Thanks again to our sponsors.
And if our listeners haven't checked them all yet, please do.
Take care, everybody.
On the road again.
Just can't wait to get on the road again. Just can't wait to get on the road again.
Life I love is making music with my friends.
I can't wait to get on the road again.
On the road again.
Going places that I've never been.
Seeing things that I may never see again.
I can't wait to get on the road again.
On the road again.
