Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah
My mind has been enabled
In the memory you overflow
I wanna be your superhero
Even if I tumble fall
I'm okay
If I need to desperate
Yeah
If I need you desperately. I need you desperately.
I want to be your superhero. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 216 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka.
Gentlemen, wow, we had a little surprise guest joining us out of the blue.
We're going to get to that in a few minutes.
Let's go around the table, say hi to the boys.
Grinelli, what's going on, our producer?
What's up, guys?
I'm just going to get ahead of this to start off.
I'd like to issue a formal apology to all three of you guys at the end of the last podcast.
I may or may not have left a little bit of audio in,
and it was us talking after the podcast,
a mistake that's never happened in the 215 episodes that we've recorded.
It'll never happen again.
I texted Biz after and said,
I will accept any punishment you guys want to put on me.
So I am sorry for that, and I'm excited for this episode.
Tons of good guests.
I mean,
we just hop right into that without even getting introed. Like, could you imagine if I was like,
like, imagine I said something that I shouldn't have been saying about getting my something that would have ruined our lives. And then I just would have driven right in my car to
Grinnelli's and stabbed them. Well, the funny thing is, is before the Stapleton interview, he goes,
hey, guys, you guys aren't going to put anything on the air that, you know,
would get me in trouble or that's like, you know, off the record, right?
And I was like, no, no, no, we've never, ever done that.
Don't worry at all.
I promise it won't happen.
And then that episode.
So when did you realize it and how much did you panic?
About like 20 seconds after. episode so what so what when did you realize it and how much did you panic 10 seconds about like
20 seconds after it's just because once once you hit upload on itunes it's there uh and i i i was
taking a shit and i immediately jumped off off the shitter didn't even wipe my ass ran over my
computer tried to fix it tried to fix it immediately called mikey podcasts and we got it fixed immediately
but still it was it's still a mistake that should never happen.
Now, there's probably a lot of people being like, oh, yeah,
what are you guys saying that we shouldn't be hearing?
Horrible shit.
You don't even want to know.
Yeah, it could have been those two fucking assholes,
Wittenbiss and that.
I can't stand dealing with these prima donna fucks and the fucking drink.
I would have loved it.
Talk about how good they passed the puck,
and the other guy says
how tough he was and then everyone just
heard these guys just ripping us that would have
been some good oh yeah I wouldn't
even care and I would have been more excited about how we're going to
monetize the content
I'm not taking nothing personal it's just
business man
I'll accept any punishment you guys
want to put on me but that is a mistake and it won't happen
again.
By the way, let's
the other two. What's up, boys?
The other extended reading here.
Not much.
Currently, the Rangers
minus one and a half plus 160
says a thousand to win. What is that?
Sixteen hundred. It's three to
one. There's 19 minutes to go in the third period, so you might hear me,
ooh, ah, ah, fuck, but I am ready to podcast.
The only other thing that is annoying about this game is the fact that it's
on NBC Sports.
I've seen our commercial twice, which is just great.
I could crank it to myself on camera.
Tonight, though, the St. Louis Blues, this is Wednesday night,
the St. Louis Blues are playing Connor McDavid, Stanley Cup champs, first to best in the St. Louis Blues this is Wednesday night the St. Louis Blues are playing Connor McDavid Stanley Cup champs first the best in the league and we got Rangers Detroit yeah that's
that's a little upsetting I know it's an original six rivalry but come on guys let's just figure it
out yeah I don't think they have that flex schedule like they do with the NFL at least this early in
the season I know but they knew before that Edmonton and St. Louis tonight, that's big time.
Yeah, I would have much rather watched them.
Yeah, I'm on the underdogs. And I mean, I don't
want to bash them too much, but Detroit has been
awful lately. They got off to
somewhat of a decent start. That
Manta kid was lighting it up, but they
have not looked good. I think they've
what's their record in their last 10 games?
They were 1-8-1 in
a 10-game span. I don't know if it's changed.
They're rebuilding.
They have some really nice pieces.
They had some draft picks that look good.
But, I mean, this year and maybe next year,
it's going to be a tough sledding for Detroit.
I think I said they're like three or four years out
and a few fans went fucking AWOL,
where I would say three or four years is probably an accurate
number. Yeah, 4-11-1
right now.
Would you say
they could be a relevant team in
three to four years?
Definitely. You never know. Next year
I think this league is...
I don't believe really there's any more three to
four year rebuilds. It seems like it doesn't
take that long.
Coyotes did a four in order to get to this point.
And I'm like, like, we're still hovering on the aspect.
Like, are they actually a contender?
True, true.
Like, I think it's a lot harder than you guys think to become a contender.
Well, when you have the, you need certain pieces.
The thing about, i don't know
how we're into detroit the worst the most teams struggle in the most in league but they they don't
really have all right so so when i love i love bertuzzi i love mantha i love larkin that i think
the german kid is it c dell side dell i don't remember his exact name high flying defenseman
that they picked high this year so yeah, yeah, maybe you're actually right.
Maybe it is three to four years.
I just feel like all of a sudden guys are going to be getting
some of them are going to be getting paid.
They need to figure out the goaltending situation.
I was thinking about this the other day,
and I'm like every year in the last 10 years,
would you not agree that a team who's won the Stanley Cup at the start of the year,
people were like, this is a fair, legitimate contender.
I know St. Louis didn't get off to a great start,
but with their makeup going into last season,
you were putting them in the top six teams, maybe top eight.
But beyond that, it's like, look at the years before.
Washington, they're always ranked a top team in the league.
They have the weapons in order to do so.
So I would say easily they're three or four years out.
And that's not an insult.
It's just like there isn't enough in the pipeline right now
to all of a sudden make them irrelevant.
Yeah.
Stevie White definitely has  he's got his work cut out for him.
I mean, if you're a Red Wings fan, there's no one you'd probably rather have there.
I mean, I know Tampa didn't win a cup on his watch,
but he certainly left a contender there.
And he's a guy who knows what he's doing.
He's patient too.
And part of the reason I say that too is, yeah, he's stepping in there now.
I would consider this, what it's at right now.
Did you just say confitter?
What's that?
Did you just say confida?
No,
did I?
I'm a little high.
So maybe I did say that word,
but,
but this would be a lot of Iserman's work.
They're not,
I would say they're probably like,
you know,
not really well on their way to a rebuild and,
and,
and getting something dynamic.
So he's going to have to fucking move and shake,
and he's going to have to have his fingerprints all over this thing.
Weird stat on the game tonight.
Jimmy Howard, his last 16 games versus the Rangers,
all of them have gone under.
16-0 on the under in his last 16 versus the Rangers.
Was this six or six and a half?
It was six and a half.
Oh, that's looking nice for you.
Yeah, looking at ways to go. But I guess for a half. Oh, that's looking nice for you. Yeah, look at a ways to go.
But I guess for this episode, we did switch it up a little bit.
We ended up calling an audible.
We got Kevin Conley on, and he ended up Pearl Harbor
and us with a couple of featured guests.
Unreal.
He told us, I got a little surprise for you.
We had no idea.
He ends up dropping fucking Timu Solani out of the sky on our laps.
We talked to him for a few minutes.
Obviously, it wasn't a normal interview.
We weren't expecting it, so we weren't really prepared for it,
but we chatted with him for a few, and our buddy OB jumped off a little bit
for a little chat, so we're going to get to them in a little bit.
But first, let's go to the goings-on in the NHL.
A few hours after we recorded on Sunday, the DOPS announced that Milan Lucic
was getting a two-game suspension for roughing against Cole Sherwood
on Saturday night.
Of course, we talked about it last step.
He was sticking up for his goalie.
He gave him a pop to the chops.
In his comments on the suspension, Grinnell,
you're going to play them for us right now.
He stood firm.
He didn't feel like he had to apologize for anything.
They even got a slashing penalty on the play.
So I think even Ritter said it was the second time
he got slashed in three games and
um you got to step up for your teammates and you know i'm more than willing to do that and
you know and this suspension doesn't won't change that uh moving forward you know i was brought up
in the age and and everything where you protect yourself at all times. So yeah, maybe moving forward, you can expect that from guys,
maybe not to be ready for it.
So maybe go a little lighter on them,
but it's hard to when it's not in your nature.
So I think the main thing is just try to avoid the head.
I know some people like to write sucker punch.
I mean, look up the definition of a sucker punch.
My arm didn't cock back or anything.
It was more of a forearm shiver that rode up into his head.
I thought he had some interesting comments, like, you know,
about the sucker punch.
Like, I know it kind of gets into semantics.
I didn't think it was a sucker punch.
I mean, the guy, Sherwood himself said he was expecting it.
He said, you know, I went at the goal. He had buried someone earlier in the game he was being what biz would
call a real honey badger out there all night and uh Lucic wasn't like oh I did wrong he said yeah
I'm gonna always defend my teammates that's what we're there for this isn't this is like a schoolyard
and if you don't stick up for yourself no one else is gonna you know he's a very old school
mentality and I liked it I liked hearing the Biz, I want to see first off your reaction on the two-game sussy.
Listen, under today's climate, I said I think if he gets a game,
I won't be shocked.
I was a little surprised to hear two.
I think it's too much.
If you ask my opinion on how I truly feel about the whole thing,
I don't think he should have been suspended at all.
I mean, like I said, don't fucking stab the goalie.
Last episode I said if I stab the goalie last episode i said if i stabbed
the goalie that way that guy did i would turn around and be protecting myself knowing i just
took his fucking shot people are saying like oh well like it was like you know he was trying to
see if there was a loose pocket so okay we'll do it at your own risk okay that that goalie has to
that goalie has to feel your stick in his fingers. Why should you have to feel that pop on the chin then, right?
Or whatever it may be.
I know in that case, I think it was his pad.
But, I mean, sometimes it's the glove.
I mean, in the midst of how quick it is,
Lucic isn't like weighing all these variables.
He's seeing this guy just fucking jab my goalie.
I'm going to pop him in the fucking head.
That's old school.
I'm down with the old school shit.
And there's some of you listening who aren't, and I ain't going to pop him in the fucking head. That's old school. I'm down with the old school shit.
And there's some of you listening who aren't,
and I ain't going to fucking apologize for that.
I don't think he should have gotten nothing.
Uh,
yeah, very well said if he,
if the guy got injured.
Um,
yeah.
Okay.
Maybe give him a game or two,
but the fact that the guy didn't miss a shift and was okay,
I was,
I won't continue to go into it.
I don't agree that he should have.
I do not agree with the suspension.
I don't see how that is what he ends up getting.
I mean, look at how St. Louis reacted when Bennington came out of his crease
to go bump Kyle Clifford.
I believe it was Kyle Clifford.
This happened about a month ago.
We talked about it.
And it was Bennington who came out of his crease to create the initial contact.
Yes, maybe Clifford shoved his arms out first, but, like, I mean,
Bennington stirred up.
The fucking five guys on the ice for St. Louis went over.
And I'm telling you guys, it's like that's how winning teams think.
They think we're a boys club.
If you want to touch my goalie, I'm going to take your fucking head off.
Try it.
Trey Living wasn't  I never say his name right.
He didn't like it either.
He was surprised at the suspension.
Because he's old school.
Granted, that's his guy who's dealing with it.
But, yeah, odd times, odd times to see that go down.
Also, too, Trey Living made the same point that Lucic did that. Hey, the refs gave times to see that go down. Also, too, Tree Living made the same point that Luchich did,
that, hey, the refs gave him four minutes during the game.
No match, no misconduct.
So if the refs on the ice only deemed it worthy of four minutes,
then why did he get two games for it?
And neither guy did anything wrong.
Excuse me, neither guy did anything wrong.
Sherwood was playing to the whistle, out there doing what he's paid to do,
and Luchich was doing what he was paid to do.
And some of the fans, man, it's like, I wonder, wonder like how many of you people have been watching the nhl for i know
fighting's gone away but like it's like people get punched in the face sometimes in the nhl
they're not going to change their thinking they're just like they're just going to say we're evil
because we think the way they do and you don't have to play or watch exactly and even like the
yahoo i don't know if it was yahoo canada they had a subhead
that said they referred to sherwood as a victim it said victim entered concussion protocol i'm
like really we're calling the guy a victim because he got fucking a glove to the fucking face like
it was kind of like i don't know i think it was indicative of like the fan mentality to call a
guy a fucking victim and then it doesn't mention yeah he went to concussion protocol and then he
fucking was out two minutes later and back on the bench. I would say 95 of the people listening right now are like, yeah, dude, this league's getting fucking soft with the baby shit.
Can we just get, like, can we get some sort of balance?
But it's always going to be the next thing.
Okay, now you can't protect the goalies because fucking, I don't know what the guy's name is who jabbed him.
I mean, fuck, dude.
He kind of flopped over, too.
He, like, swung his head back.
Like, everyone's like oh my god i was like dude that guy was fucking drawing fucking penalties man
exactly what he was doing and he said he expected it he said i expected it to happen and one other
quick note too nhl.com it said the uh he was given the penalty for slash against lucic but
when they released the suspension video they said that sher that Sherwood had slashed the goalie.
So it's kind of like the league contradicted himself.
I think it was just probably a typo.
Yeah.
They were typing it out.
Like there's so much action on the penalties on that shift
that it's just like one thing got lost.
Yeah, I'm just curious who gives that info.
But anyways, the media has been in the news a little bit this week,
fucking a little ironic.
Comments to the media biz.
Drew Doughty, he had an issue with the way things were presented uh it was after a game versus vancouver and he said that you know
the kings can't lose to a team like that now what he meant was that the kings a veteran team can't
lose in that manner to a team like the canucks but the media kind of took it and made it look
like he was dissing the canucks you know we can't lose to a team like that.
He wasn't shitting on the team.
He was saying we can't lose in that manner.
Biz, I know you fucking had some thoughts on this one.
Yeah, it's just like it's going to keep alienating general media
from getting any type of inside information.
There's just no more trust anymore.
It's just like anything to get your clicks at that moment in time.
Hey,
I get that there's a part of the business to like writing catchy headlines
and making sure things get spun out of control,
even though those weren't the intentions of his words.
I hate if we have somewhat of a clickbait headline,
I'm like,
take it off.
If you need to do that type of stuff in order to fucking sell what,
what you're,
you're making,
I think it's slimy and and that's why i think the integrity of like i guess you can't even really call that journalism
it's more like modern day journalism because everything's on twitter and so so they'll take
that quote throw it up and then vancouver canucks fans will fucking go a wall just like they do
for everything online.
They're known as one of the worst fan bases as far as just like, oh, God.
Like, again, something else.
Something else is irritating.
They never won.
I mean, it's tough.
Yeah.
You got no banners hanging, so you're always going to be a little bit bitter.
Seriously.
Seriously.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
But, I mean, doughty was so
disgusted too you could tell he's like i don't want to do anything with you guys now like he
just gave off that vibe like whereas as a reporter you're thinking well the last thing we want to do
is quiet one of the best defensemen and kind of not a quote machine by any means but he's he'll
give you his real opinion he'll give you
what he's really thinking after games about different players about different systems
you get honest quotes on him so when you get a guy like that who's just disgusted and doesn't
even feel like talking to any media anymore it's not good for the game it's just cannot help
all rangers for one shorty we got some live betting going on but ra and then that transitioned into the there was
another issue because then he was in toronto and there was a question that i think babcock got asked
um about you know uh about ovi's comments saying you know what do you think of them and and i feel
like some some fans wanted babcock to more defend his team where he was more pro-Ovi.
So then they teed up Drew Doughty with the same question,
like what do you think the Leafs need to do in order to win
and get over this hump and win a championship kind of thing?
I haven't seen the original question asked on video
because I'm hearing that they twist his words on it,
but then some people are saying, in fact, no, the question was like,
what do the Leafs need to do?
Where he said it as if what you need to do in order to win a championship
because I've done it twice.
So speaking from experience, not saying like, oh,
this is what the Leafs need to do.
So, all right, have you seen the original question
and answer on video in length without any type of edits?
No, I think that was the one that was a small scrum, but I know P.L. LeBrun,
he said he was there for it, because he said it was a small scrum,
and he sided with Dowdy.
He said that he wasn't trying to sewer the Leafs.
He was just saying, in order to win, whatever team you are,
this is what you need to do.
He wasn't saying, oh, the Leafs have to do this.
But, of course, like you said, they're in Toronto.
There's so much media there. Anyone, any one of those jackals can can twist it to make it
sound like he was dissing the Leafs. It's like you just said, man, it's it's clickbait. They
want clicks because that's money like that's that's the world we live in now where they're
going to take even if they know it's it's incorrect or they're taking them out of context.
So basically, yeah, Pierre Lebrun said that, you know, in the scrum that was, it was a minor scrum. It wasn't like a big one
on all the cameras. That's why I couldn't track down the
video for it. But he did say that basically
like, yeah, he wasn't fucking making
fun of the Leafs. He was saying in order to be
a cup winner, you got to do this. Yeah.
Yeah, Biz, that's the nature of the beast right now.
Clicks equal money, but say, Levy, what are you
going to do? Meanwhile, back on
the sheet, Sunday night in the OC, Ryan
Getzlaff played in his 1,000th
NHL game in front of the same fans
that have been cheering for him for the
15 seasons now. He's the first duck
in franchise history to reach 1,000 games.
It's a weird stat.
Over the last 40 years, he's sixth
in team wins for players who spent
their first 1,000 games with the same team.
It's pretty impressive to have that many Ws
in 1,000 games, 548 he had.
Whit, you played with Getze for a little bit.
What are your thoughts here, brother?
Oh, man, what a guy.
What a guy.
What a teammate.
What a career.
He's done it all.
The dominance in international hockey, not just in the NHL.
And what's crazy, I mean, he got to 1,000.
He's only played two full seasons, I think.
Or he might've maybe the lockout year, he got a full year.
And, but any single time this guy's been on the ice,
his entire career,
since he first came in when it was him and Perry and Penner was a young guy on
that team, he made an impact. So he could play physical. He could play tough.
You've seen him fight.
Like a modern day  I'll catch some shit for this.
Like a modern day Mark Messier in a way, like where he was dirty as shit.
He'd elbow you.
He would fucking do anything it took to score.
But his hands and his setup  and he will forever admit, I'm sure,
that he's a setup guy.
I mean, he's had coaches since he was 10 years old, I think,
begging him to shoot the puck.
Because not often do you beg a guy  I'm sorry.
You see beautiful dishes of the puck out there and guys who are set-up men
and constantly looking to pass first.
Well, you see a lot of times that happen because their shots aren't that good.
Getzlaff's wrist is as good as anyone's.
I mean, when he snaps it even now, he's going to  through this season, he's already got seven goals in 17 games,
a couple bar down, just wrist  like old school wrist shots
that just has so much velocity on it.
So the way he's been able to play hard, play mean, create,
always dominate offensively, and I'll never forget the year
I got traded from the penguins.
Chris Kunitz ended up winning three Stanley cups with the penguins.
He is four total.
Yeah.
Suck on that greatest trade of all time for the Pittsburgh penguins.
But that year I went to Anaheim and we went on a nice little run.
We were the eighth seed and we beat San Jose in the first round.
And then in the second round,
we took Detroit to game
seven and Danny Cleary scored with about a minute left. So we had a nice club there. I mean,
Pronger, Niedermeyer, how wouldn't you? But Getzlaff, oh my God, 13 games in the playoffs
that year, 18 points, and he was playing 27 minutes a night. So I don't know if it would
have been able to continue. You get to the third round and possibly the finals with a forward
playing that much, but it was some of the most dominant hockey i've ever witnessed and he went
on you know the next year was when they won the uh the gold medal in vancouver and just just an
incredible player um somebody that i think that if he was on the east and he he was one of the
original guys you would always hear people say if he played for the rangers or the flyers or
somewhere out east he'd be a bigger name than he is now.
But to guys who play and fans who watch Anaheim a lot, he's a superstar.
I played under 18 with him.
I think he was the MVP of the tournament.
He was a beast.
I think  where was he playing?
Was he fucking playing in Regina?
He played for the Hitmen.
Oh, Calgary Hitmen.
That's right.
He's from Regina.
And they didn't
have great teams and so he missed playoffs with calgary or maybe they got beat out first round
but he got to come to under 18 and we didn't have the type of weapons um that we had at the first
one because we do one at the uh the end of summer but going into the season and and he was the one
guy who hadn't made the team originally but now he was on the team because we'd missed a few guys
because they were still in playoffs.
And I was like, holy fuck, this guy's like huge.
He skates really well.
He's an unreal passer.
There he was sniping too, but as you said,
he kind of evolved into like a Joe Thornton 2.0,
where he's always first pass option, right?
Yeah, he always looked to pass.
No matter what, he would have a breakaway and be looking left and right.
And that's very similar to Joe Thornton.
They really remind me of one another.
But I think that Getzlaff's shot is way better than Thornton's.
I would agree, but yeah, he's not using it enough.
Right, I agree.
Getz, he pulls in with that big curve.
Jumbo just has a bigger, straighter.
I don't see him snapping at Getzloff, Ken.
Another example is just how big they are out there.
You go to a game and Getzloff looks like he's a giant.
He looks like he's one of the fucking guys in Space Jam.
What's their name?
The Monstars?
That's one movie I haven't seen.
Come on, R.A.
You're killing me here. I needed you. I haven't seen. Come on, R.A. You're killing me here.
I needed you.
I know, buddy.
He was like, he needed you there.
They are the Monstars.
I fucking needed you.
They are the Monstars biz, but I was an adult when that came out.
It was just one of those kids' movies that I never got to catch.
I also am not  I don't know the legitimacy of this,
but I was told Getzlaff the season would end
and he wouldn't put his skates
back on until a week
or two before camp when he'd come back to
Anaheim.
If there's somebody who could
probably pull that off, it's him.
Just a natural freak.
I don't know.
I'm interested to see how much longer
he goes. It's a Hall of Fame career, and that's no doubt right there.
Maybe we'll get invited to his nomination night.
You know, playing in Anaheim, like you said,
he's kind of flown under the radar.
Probably a little too much, I think, in a different city.
He'll probably get more at proper due because he's one hell of a player.
Adi Bucco has a free mail waiting for him at Vesuvio, too.
Another big milestone, Tuesday night in Montreal,
Zidane O'Chara played in his 1,500th game.
And kudos to the Habs fans.
I mean, they have huge respect for the game and its history,
and I know they hate O'Chara, and they gave him a pretty nice,
polite applause where other cities might not have done that.
So a tip of the cap to the Habs fans.
I hate saying classy because that's such a worn-out thing,
but it was a nice gesture, I thought.
And it's fucking six most games ever played by a D
after Chelios, Stevens, Murphy, Bork, and Lidstrom
all in the Hall of Fame.
21st all-time, third among active guys,
Patty Marlow and Joe Thornton ahead of them.
Unreal career.
I mean, we've talked about Z a million times on here.
Biz, what do you got for us, buddy?
Well, and the reason you brought that up was because there is a bit of history there.
I mean, of course, the Boston connection and Montreal rivalry right there.
But are you talking about kind of when he had packed already
and there was that huge ordeal where they had doubts
when they really started hating him?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what I was alluding to.
Yeah, well, just the whole history, too.
The playoffs, all the bad.
Well, I was just kind of saying it because, like, I know that that happened.
Sometimes we get a lot of new listeners or sometimes not even hockey fans
where they'll be like, oh, well, why was that classy?
So, like, thinking from their perspective, that was like a
man, like, I think that situation, like, they tried to bring him to court
or arrest him, didn't they?
Yeah, they called 911 and shit, yeah.
That's what I'm saying.
So, this was a bigger deal for you non-hockey fans than I'm making out to be.
It was like, what else happened?
Did they try to also bring him to court or sue him?
Dude, they fucking whined about it for years.
I was actually surprised they gave him that good of an ovation.
And I know they do respect the game,
but I almost would have respected if they booed the shit out of him
when they announced that.
1,500 games for anyone.
If you're not a Habs fan, everyone should just be amazed at that.
This guy played  dude, this guy's rookie year.
He was drafted in 96.
I was 13.
By the way, this year he turns 43 in March.
And I don't  I know last year was kind of a little different.
It was a different year where he played less, took a step back maybe in a sense.
But he's over 20 minutes a game, if not 21 this year.
He looks pretty solid.
Their team's a wagon.
Next year if he plays, he'd be turning 44 in the middle of next year.
So it's crazy to see this.
It's going down with a guy this big.
Somebody you'd think body
may break down, but the way he takes care of it,
he has like a cappuccino a year. That's
like his treat once a year. He's a freak.
Whatever. He doesn't put any junk
into his body like the old wit dog here.
But I was going to say 97, 98
he played for the Islanders. He played 25
games, bro. Some of the names
on this team.
Tom Chorsky, Sergei Nemchinov trevor linden rich
pilon joe sacco joe sacco is his assistant coach for the bruins now they played together so it's
just been wild to see somebody do it this long and especially for people um who didn't get to
see at the beginning this guy was. I know that sounds like stupid.
He was horrible.
I mean, he was a huge, enormous, basic, like, weightless.
Like a giraffe on skates.
Yeah, he couldn't.
He didn't have the  his body hadn't grown into itself yet,
if that makes any sense.
And then he worked so hard.
This guy's work ethic is unparalleled.
I told the story that during the last lockout,
he flew home from Slovakia
or wherever he was coming from.
He might have been in China. I don't know where
he was. He flew home, landed
at midnight, and the next day
was on the ice with us at 8 a.m.
skating at BU.
There was no end of the lockout in sight.
Work ethic has gotten him to
1,500 games,
taking care of his body and being a fucking freak because when he really turned into the player he became,
oh my God, he's the scariest player in the league.
I mean, he's a prime example.
If you want it bad enough, you can work hard enough to achieve it.
And people would say, oh, he's a big guy.
He's a physical freak.
Well, in hockey, that's not necessarily a positive okay because not a lot of guys that big can move
around fast enough and and and be quick enough in certain situations and be coordinated enough
to play the game of hockey would is that a fair assessment yes it is and and even when he was in
his young adulthood he was still gangly and still trying to get his feet from under him.
A baby deer.
He was a baby deer still, probably at the National Hockey League level,
but he just kept working and working and working.
And yes, when he gets it done,
sometimes does it maybe not look as pretty as other guys,
but he found a way to get it done in his way.
And it's a credit to him.
And it's kind of just a story of perseverance for anyone listening.
Just put the fucking work in and look what happened.
I was with our boy,
Ned.
Everyone remembers Ned Havens,
former guest.
And we were talking actually about Charles 1500th game.
And Ned was at camp with the Bruins when Charo was there and said,
dude, we were all in line to do the pull-up test,
and this dude ripped his shirt off and had, like, spandex on
and proceeded to do 32 pull-ups, arms all the way straight.
His arms are 17 feet long, straight all the way, 32.
I want to say the next highest, maybe at an NHL camp,
maybe a couple guys get 20.
32 when you're 6'9
and your wingspan is like
a jet plane. Are you kidding me?
So, he's a freak.
But like Biz said, it was all hard work
and it was all just never being satisfied
with where you're at, only trying to get better.
He's still doing it to this day, so
congrats, Z.
Yeah, when he first broke in, definitely didn't look like a guy
who was going to play 22 years.
And, Whit, I'd say from a Boston perspective,
he's the best free agent signing in Boston sports history.
Would you agree?
Across all sports?
Did they not sign?
They traded for Poppy?
I think they did.
Actually, no, I'm not sure if he was a free agent or if they traded for him.
No, I think they actually traded well, actually, no, I'm not sure if he was a free agent or if they traded for him. I think they actually traded for Minnesota for Papi.
Give me a little bit more time, but, I mean, yeah,
he's certainly right up there.
I'm just  I don't know any legendary Celtics that they might assign,
but, yeah, he changed the whole franchise around.
Absolutely, no doubt about it.
So kudos to Z for 1,500, good stuff.
And it was an unreal game, too, not to mention mention that the Habs nipped the bees five to four.
What did you think of that offside challenge, man? I thought that was horrible.
All right. Thank you. Horrible. And here's my thing.
Well, actually, before I say this, I don't even know if this is correct, but am I not?
Am I wrong in that? If you if you have control of the puck, your your feet can be in the zone before the puck, right?
Yes.
So if you have full control.
All right.
Everyone listening, anyone watching that game,
Charlie Coyle has control of that puck.
That is a hockey play.
He meant to do exactly what he did, which is kick it up from his back foot.
So to say that that isn't having full control because it's not on his stick and he's not carrying up the ice with his head up or
looking to make a play, dude, that is such a good play, such a nifty move with having good feet,
having great edge work and being able to be full speed while kicking the puck up to yourself should
be considered having possession. He ended up making a great play after that.
And so for the Bruins to get gypped on a call like that,
if I hadn't, I bet the Habs.
But if I had bet the Bruins, I would have lost my marbles.
Boys, I didn't see the clip, so I can't really comment on it.
He collects a pass.
It's a little behind him and does the Crosby.
The outside foot kicks it up. when they go when they go with his blade did he touch it did he touch it with
his stick blade before he knocked it to the escape blade no no okay so that's probably what
they're saying he doesn't have control my whole point is that was exactly what you meant to do
so that's having control and then the the video biz it's like you can't even imagine how small of an area of the blue line the puck is apparently still touching.
I don't know.
It was just to watch that and see it go down.
Oh, I just watched it.
Yeah, it should be good.
And it also is the fact that it's an awesome play at high speed in the NHL, a play that should be shown on replays when that's the goal they show the next morning on all the
highlights. Instead, it gets taken away for some
brutal offsides call.
That wasn't a good look.
And the one thing, too, is I feel
like it was still touching him
as it was going over the
line, which, as you said, that would be
considered control. So, I don't
know. I mean, it's like a 50-50,
but I agree. The fact that that was know i mean it's like a 50 50 but like i agree like that the fact
that that was called back it's it's doing more harm to the game than good yeah i mean they're
reversing a goal on that fucking clip it's just bad call i know it sounds like sour grapes on the
bees guy but yeah it did fuck me on the bet too so instead of being up five four fucking tie game
it goes the other way but say'est la vie uh one interesting note
though the Bruins had only given up eight first period goals in 14 games before that they give up
three of them on Tuesday night uh you know Tuca had a bad game he gave up I thought three bad goals
but how about our guy Nate Thompson uh late in the game he's on the ice get eating a big face
off eating some big minutes uh pretty good to see him playing up playing a pretty good role with the
fucking Canadians so uh you know it was a close shave in Montreal,
but you might want to hold off on the razor for Movember.
Movember is the leading charity dedicated to changing the face of men's health
around the world.
This Movember, whatever mustache you grow will save a bro.
Your support will change the face of men's health,
raising awareness and funds for prostate cancer, testicular cancer,
mental health,
and suicide prevention.
This year,
Barstool's own Donnie Does has grown out his mo to save a bro.
Join him on the Barstool Movember team and help us change the face of men's
health.
For every 50 that you fundraise on our team,
you get an entry to win a trip for two to join us at the Army Navy live
college football show in December.
Head to Movember.com slash Barstool to join our team,
grow your mustache, and fundraise for your chance to win the grand prize.
So, boys, check out Movember if you haven't done that yet.
Had a quick trade we didn't get to last step.
The Devils acquired goaltender Louis Domingue from Tampa in exchange
for a conditional seventh-round pick in the 2021 draft.
And we have some big injury updates as well.
After a tough start, the Dallas Stars really turned things around
before the season pretty much could slip away from them.
They won four in a row, seven of eight,
but they will be without defenseman John Klingberg for at least two weeks.
He took Nikita Zdorov's shot to the head neck area suffered a long a lower
body injury on the same play uh they're also have all also been without rupe hints for the last
couple games he's got a lower body injury but he should be back on the lineup soon he took a big
hit over the weekend uh brian little of winnipeg he took a nicolai eelers bomb off the squash i
don't know if you guys saw that highlight that was scary as fuck i. I mean, he's full on corked right off the head.
He had to leave the game. It caught him up by
the ear. He skated off on his own power. He got
25 to 30 stitches,
which is a little scary. He started the year
with a concussion. He missed the first
nine games, so hopefully he didn't get another
one there. We hate to see those guys get him.
Patrick Hornquist placed on the I.L.
with the lower body injury for the
Pittsburgh Penguins. And a quick update on Big Buff per Darren Draga.
The NHLPA continues to gather information on the Bufflin case.
It's likely a grievance will be filed by the Players Association once the matter has been fully reviewed.
NHL head office will contest if when it gets to that point.
So it looks like we're going to have a little thing, a knockdown town drag him out possibly with the league we'll keep our tabs on that and probably the one of the better stories
of the night on Tuesday the New York Islanders Cole Bardot he scored his first NHL goal on a
fucking penalty shot that's an all-time great memory he was jacked after and rightfully so
was a great scene biz we able to catch that highlight? I did, yeah. He was fired up. And it wasn't a great shot.
It kind of like hit like the sixth hole area and just like trickled in.
It basically hit the middle of the net.
So not a great goal, but nonetheless, excited.
Penalty shot.
A little more excitement than usual.
Fuck yeah.
I love seeing that.
His interview after, too, I think he said,
I could barely talk right now.
You could see he was so genuinely pumped up.
Congrats to him.
That was a good moment in this Islanders' crazy run.
Jesus, are they buzzing.
They are, and that's why we brought on our next guest,
Kevin Conley, of course, Entourage fame, Rocky V fame,
and we wanted to get his perspective.
Like I said, he dropped in with a couple of guests as well,
so I'll let's send it over to him right now without further ado kevin conley uh guys i've
been getting yelled at online by all these islander fans not showing enough respect you guys haven't
talked about them enough i think we've talked about them the last four episodes already if i'm
if i'm not mistaken pretty much keep on bitching And then this guy who's on now himself, text
me today, not enough love for the
Islanders, 10 in a row,
so welcome back to the podcast,
Kevin Connolly.
Thanks for having me, guys. Thanks for having
me. Yeah, I mean, listen, you know,
this is 10 in a row,
but after the 9 mark, I'm on
NHL.com, I'm on ESPN,
and there's nothing.
There's no stories.
The website side, then I go to the, you know, of course,
you can always count on the Chicklets boys.
I figured there's got to be some love going on.
And there was not a lot happening.
So, I mean, look, 10 in a row, it's tough to win in the show.
Tough to win in the show.
10 in a row is no joke.
Now, we saw Buffalo win in a row last year.
Everyone remembers how that went.
I don't think at all that's going to happen to this Islanders team.
They are too deep, too well coached.
But can you admit, and maybe you can't as a diehard fan,
can you admit they're not the most exciting team to watch?
I think they get a little lost in the shuffle because it's winning hockey,
but it can be boring winning hockey.
I don't know. There's nothing boring about 10 in a row. I understand. I think it's winning hockey, but it can be boring winning hockey. I don't know.
There's nothing boring about 10 in a row.
I understand.
I think it's a market thing.
But listen, first I want to go back.
I want to back up a little bit.
I want to bury the hatchet with R.A.
R.A., are we good?
What happened?
I blocked you on Twitter a million years ago.
Whoa.
What?
Oh, I fucking love this shit.
I just want to  I feel it. I know when I feel love this shit. I feel it.
I know when I feel a little tension.
If I offended your fucking delicate sensibilities, I apologize.
I'm kidding around.
That's where you get all your bad reviews.
Every single movie Rotten Tomatoes is getting the worst fucking review from R.A.
You've got more blogs than the Tumble on Twitter.
I'm not sure I'm the one who's delicate over here.
Well, I apologize if I did something to offend you, buddy.
I'm sorry.
No, no, you didn't offend me.
I think we just had  honestly, I think it was tied to that.
Katie Nolan, back when she used to be a fan of Bastl and liked Bastl
and was kind of representative of Boston,
I think I was kind of defending Boston.
We sniped at each other, and then it was blocked.
But, no, all good, man.
Nothing but love.
It was fucking early 2000.
I'm going to unblock you.
I'm going to unblock you. Let's unblock each other.
I apologize. Listen, in the early
days, I think we can all agree, in the early
days of Twitter, it felt
so personal, everything.
You know, it's like, you realize now
that everybody's an animal,
myself included. But at the
time, you know, it feels
close to home, so you get defensive, you know.
But I'm sorry, R.A.
My bad.
Congratulations on everything.
Glad it's going well.
And I apologize to you too, Kev.
I'm sure I probably offended you.
Oh, my God.
Holy fucking tummy sticks.
Should we just leave?
You guys want to be alone here or what?
R.A.'s about to crank it to entourage.
Jump off for a few minutes.
Just call me Turtle. You do it. or what? He's about to crank it to entourage. Jump off for a few minutes.
Just call me Turtle.
You do it.
Fuck, I don't even know where we were.
We got lost.
We're talking about the Islanders.
No, you're right.
I get it.
You know, it's funny
because when the Devils,
you know, they kind of,
you know, when the Devils
won those cups,
I mean, yeah, they had Brodeur,
you know, and Scott Stevens, but it was a similar sort of a style. And I remember as a fan they kind of, you know, when the Devils won those cups, I mean, yeah, they had Brodeur, you know, and Scott Stevens,
but it was a similar sort of a style.
And I remember as a fan thinking, kind of like rolling my eyes a little bit,
that it wasn't exciting.
But to just see your team just come together, you know, look,
the Tavares thing last year, you know, and they just haven't missed a beat.
You know, they had that big layoff.
You know, they had that big layoff.
Again, not making excuses, but, you know, the lay big layoff you know they had that big layoff again not making excuses
but you know the layoff can be a lot and i think that the owners had a big layoff and they got
swept by carolina but i mean come on they've just been absolute savages ever since hey
i'm gonna completely agree with you and i'm gonna say they get no love because you're right i haven't
heard a lot about this winning streak. I didn't,
I didn't even hear about it until I think they got to eight.
Like that's,
I mean,
even that's a significant number.
Now it's,
it's just hard because I'd have to agree with wit where I just feel like it's
like the brand doesn't pop.
They,
and the brand doesn't pop.
No,
no.
Hear me out.
It's like,
it's not,
it's not,
it's not necessarily cool to go to games there because they're fucking winning and they can't even sell out like what the fuck so there's like
there's a what are you fucking ticket sales and how do you know what their sick ticket sales are
i mean they sell that's on the internet nowadays cons well if it's on the internet it's got to be
true if it's on the internet it's got to be be true. If it's on the internet, it's got to be true. Cons, media.
Now, listen, I may be mistaken, okay?
Now, wasn't there an issue like at the start of the year,
they had a game somewhere and they only drew like 11,000 fans or something?
R.A., can you help me out here?
Yeah, well, I mean, right now you can.
R.A. is not R.A. It's like he hates the Islanders.
No, Scotty, listen.
Listen, there was nobody in the arena for the amount of success they had last year leading into this year.
They should be doing very well in that market.
It's where it's like, once again, the brand's not fucking popping.
And then they don't do a lot.
That's where I come in.
That's where I come in.
But there's where you don't because Lou Amarillo runs a very tight ship.
And listen, it's going to be boring.
So it's going to be very hard to sell in that area because there's so many
exciting things to go to.
No.
And that's just the reality.
I think that's nothing against them.
I don't think it's a brand issue, Biz.
I think it's the Brooklyn decision was a disaster.
And I think that's kind of defining this era of Islanders hockey right now.
It was a terrible decision.
The fact they're building a new arena where the old one was,
it just shows you how silly it was because people don't want to go to
Islanders games in Brooklyn.
You can get in for 6 right now.
It looked good on paper.
It obviously didn't work out.
Half of the arena is blocked.
They got that stupid car, which is finally gone.
And the scoreboard wasn't centered.
I mean, if you build a billion-dollar arena,
you got to be able to center the scoreboard. I don't know.
That would be me.
I completely agree, and they're behind
the eight ball with the arena situation. Now,
are you telling me with this team right now,
once that new arena is built
and it's there, you
think they're going to sell out on a regular basis?
I do. Are they still putting the same product as now? Well, I'm talking about, you think they're going to sell out on a regular basis? I do.
If they're still putting the same product as now?
Well, I'm talking about, you know, the way, listen, it's all about the commute, right?
It was a tough commute for like, they made a thing, they sold, hey, you jump on the train,
but it just wasn't that easy.
It was always just kind of a nightmare.
It's just like Brooklyn.
You know, everybody hated it.
All the players hated the Coliseum.
And then they started playing in Brooklyn, and everybody
talked about how great the Coliseum was.
So it's been a little bit of a,
you know, I think this is part of the problem
because, you know, I'm not going to discount
what you said, Biz. Like, you know, maybe
that style of hockey isn't,
you know, whatever, sports center material.
But 10 in a row is
sports center material. It doesn't matter what they're playing.
And part of the reason I said that too was
with Lou being there,
in order to get people in the building
and people spending money and stuff,
you kind of got to let people in a little
bit and show these guys' personalities.
They don't do a lot.
Do you know what Lou has done? Do you know Lou has
stripped me of all of my Islander credentials?
Wow.
Really? That doesn't surprise me one bit. Why would they want Lou has stripped me of all of my Islander credentials. Wow, really?
That doesn't surprise me one bit.
Why would they want celebrities around?
See, that's just like he's closing another door there,
and he's closing another door there.
You could have been a rock, and he would have taken them away,
and he would have headlocked you, too, when he did it.
Yeah, I literally, I'm scared of Lou.
I went to the shovel ceremony at Belmont, the new arena,
and I was like, no, I don't want to meet Lou.
I'm afraid, you know what I mean? He already took away my all-access pass.
Last thing I need is to get banned from the arena, you know?
But, look, and the truth, and it really is, it's true.
Like, if they keep playing like this, who cares?
Just win, just keep winning, you know?
So, we'll see.
But, of course, Boston is like, they like, man, these guys just don't lose.
They are sick.
They are a nasty team.
Hold on, though.
Going into this year after, you said it was an awesome regular season.
Everyone knew that.
They did get hurt by the layoff.
But a sweep in the first round still.
A good year.
Going into this year, what did you expect?
Like, truthfully, did you think they would build on it
and be as good as they are right now?
Or were you thinking kind of how I was, like,
they might be a step back this year?
Well, I mean, you know, they had a quiet, you know, offseason.
Yeah.
With regards to free agency.
So you think, like, well, you know, who knows.
But I think Barzell, he just gets better and better.
I mean, how is this guy not prime time?
Right? I mean, do you guys not love Barzell, he just gets better and better. I mean, how is this guy not primetime? You know, you guys not love Barzell?
I mean, he's a savage, you know.
And they're playing the team game and all the cliches that I don't even need to say.
But, I mean, as a fan, it's obviously a blast to watch.
So, you know, also, too, there's a lot of hockey left.
If you think about the Blues, Larry Flowers and the Blues,
they were
in, what,
last place on January 2nd?
Fucking 300 or more.
Yeah.
Collins, can I ask you a question?
Are you watching
closely enough where
would you know where the
relationships at between barzell
and trots and the reason i say that is because barzell is like man he's an offensive jogger not
like he just wants to go and he wants to take risks offensively where trotches is trying to
mold them into that two-way player and and and trying to communicate to him that hey you can't
take as many chances offensively because there just really isn't a chance and a risk to take there.
You're putting us in more jeopardy by risking it and trying things one-on-one
and blah, blah, blah.
Do you think that they're butting heads to the point
where it might become a dysfunctional relationship?
I mean, obviously, so far, so good.
I would never  I don't know enough about the game, too.
I mean, I know enough about the game as a fan,
but I would never try to, you know, get inside Trotz's head or Barzil's head.
I mean, I don't know.
It's early in the season.
I'm not too, let's see, I'll check in after the All-Star break.
Well, the reason I say that, though, is because, like, I mean,
when it comes to free agency or contracts or whatever situation it would be as far as
He's going to take the Islanders to the clean.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
Well, he should.
Maybe he should.
Right, but Lou's notorious for being kind of here, take it or leave it.
So there might be some head-butting going on there
because Barzell is going to be like,
I should be getting paid like an 80-point guy
because fucking I can only take this many risks offensively.
I'm still leading the team in scoring.
I know it's only 60 points, but you can't compare me to the guy on the other team because
he's going to get, he gets to play with fucking down in Tampa or he gets to play in on a high
flying offense.
Like, like a wit, you mentioned it.
You said Eberle, he was like he was like yeah man like we don't
really take that many chances like it's the suffocating kind of offense well like you know
look i love i love the the the gang as as it is obviously the guy is going to put up 80 points
this year and he's and he's and or maybe more and he's going to have to get paid i mean i don't think
i mean they're not expecting to get a team friendly deal i'm guessing right And he's going to have to get paid. I mean, I don't think  I mean, they're not expecting to get a team-friendly deal,
I'm guessing, right?
So he's going to get paid.
He should get paid.
You know, actually, guys, I got something for you.
So a bit of a surprise for you.
I mean, you know, I always feel like, you know, whatever, I'm coming on,
Spitting Chicklets, the biggest hockey podcast on the planet.
What am I?
I don't know.
You know, I'm just a fan.
But I got a guy here who you guys all probably
know. And he's like out, he's doing a tour. He's selling a book. I'm going to put him on the phone.
He's a hall of famer. Here he is. Hold on. All right, guys. I know you have no idea who this is.
Yeah, it is. It's Kimo Solani. How do you know that? I knew it. I fucking knew it.
Hey, do I have that bad action that you recognize me right away?
Holy shit, Timo.
I could see your smile through the internet airwaves.
And that six pack used to rock in the Anaheim locker room with your Ferraris and your beautiful golf swing.
How are you?
I'm doing great.
How are you guys doing?
I can't believe. How are you guys doing?
I can't believe Hey, Weedy, I think you
haven't, I can't believe you haven't asked me
in your show yet.
Are you fucking kidding me? Don't start.
You're the type of guy we can't even get in touch with.
Shut up right now, Timu.
I got DMs to you.
I got DMs on Instagram to you for years.
Timu, please. I was in awe of you.
I have a show. I have this podcast.
Not even an answer.
You ghosted me.
Oh, bullshit.
You let me sleep.
The thing is, I only see you ghosting in Instagram.
And then my son loves your show.
And he always says, Dad, you should go in their show.
I said, well, Dave, don't call me.
Oh, fuck.
I'm not going.
We'll be in SoCal tomorrow.
I'll be on it.
Biz and I will be first class.
Ari can sit in the back.
No worries.
And we'll come on.
We'll interview the shit out of you in person.
Okay, then I'm going to start hiding a little bit.
But I can come anytime you want.
Hey, when's your book out, Timo?
It came out like...
Well, the Finnish version came 2014, but the Finnish version came 2014
but the English version came like last week
and we have been doing
a little tour and it has been fun
Timu I got one question considering
we got you on the line
we are going to get you on I think we should get you live
give us a little teaser
as to what they should expect maybe a story
out of the old vault
about what?
About anything.
Actually, I have a great story
about Ryan.
Oh, yeah!
You remember
before the Olympics when we went to
Vancouver, and our last game
was in Edmonton, and me and
Saku Koi and you,
we are sitting in the Edmonton airport having a couple of beers,
and then you said that, guys, can you even imagine if we would have to play in Edmonton?
And I said, well, you know, I don't think it's that bad a place.
And you said, oh, my God.
So right after the Olympics, I think after the first or second day,
you got traded to Edmonton.
And I'm like, so I go to Saku and I said,
Mind if I do it at the airport?
Now the poor guy has to go to others.
Looking back, Timo, I actually remember saying that and you and Saku looked at each other.
I'm like, fuck, thinking back to that day, they probably knew I was getting shipped out of town.
They were like, don't hold your breath.
Oh, my God, that was so funny.
It's R.A. here.
We actually drank beers together about 25 years ago
when you were in town with Big Walt and the Jets,
and we used to meet up at the Hop.
Remember, Big Walt would have about 700 people at the game after all.
It was about probably 90.
Oh, I remember that.
Yeah, we hung out and got smashed after one of those games way back in 93, 94.
I'm sure you remember.
They were good old days, you know.
In the old days, we went out every night.
And now the guys, right after the game, we took the shoulder pads off
and had a beer right away.
And now these days, they all have those shakes and stuff.
So that was a time when the boys were, the man was man, you know.
Hey, T, is your son still, he's on Northeastern, isn't he?
Actually, he's playing the Curry College in Boston now.
He didn't get enough ice time in Northeastern,
so he wanted to go D3 and enjoy the hockey.
Yeah.
And I don't blame him.
You're going to come to Boston or what?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I come there like maybe two, three times a season.
That's awesome.
Love that city.
Have to get a couple pops.
Okay.
I'm in.
Twist the zam.
Maybe we'll get you to do a CCM sandbagger invitational.
I don't know if you saw what that was, Timu,
but basically me and Ryan take out on the golf course,
you and anyone you want to play on your team,
and me and Ryan beat the wheels off you,
and we went dinner and a night out on the town and an interview with you.
Okay.
Okay.
I mean, I mean.
Who's your partner?
I know Ryan's swing, so I'm not worried about it at all.
Oh, you haven't seen mine then, buddy.
It's going to be a nightmare.
That's going to actually throw off your swing.
I bet you hit like 330, 340 after T.
No, yeah, maybe feet.
It might get out of the Little League ballpark.
Hey, what about the tennis career, buddy?
What are you better at, golf or tennis?
Did I see you playing with Federer and stuff?
Yeah, I beat him one time.
You got a point off of what, a double fault?
So 15,000 people, downtown Helsinki.
We played, me and my Finnish bro,
against Peter Forsberg and Roger Federer
and we beat them 6-3.
So, I'm undefeated against Federer.
So, that's my highlight of my tennis.
Tim, you still out racing cars doing
150 miles an hour? I know you like speeding
around in the whips.
No, I don't speed anymore.
It's just, I calm down,
you know. Well, I mean, I'm
sure that R.A.'s poking fun at the ticket that you had to pay
that was like, what, 50 grand or something?
Yeah, 55,000.
Yeah, it's, you know, the Finnish people, they think they're so smart
that the tickets are based on your income, you know.
And they think it should hurt same way every person,
and I don't believe that.
That's not fair.
But I don't speed anymore.
I'm just driving nice and slow.
Yeah, 55K will do that.
You briefly mentioned Forsberg.
Do you know him pretty well?
Yes.
He's one of our guys that we want to get on the podcast.
Would you be able to get him on for us too?
Absolutely.
I think he would love that.
He's a great guy.
And I think he's a little bored.
He tried to be a businessman in Sweden,
but I think he missed the hockey action too.
Hey, T, speaking of hockey action, just the other night,
Ryan Getzlaff gets his 1,000th game.
You were there at the beginning of his career.
You guys all, when I came over, I remember you guys just busted
each other's balls nonstop.
It must be cool to see what he's done.
He's a little bit different of a hairstyle at this point in his career
than when he first came into the league.
Yeah, you know what? I'm so happy for him, man.
I'm very proud that he has
been playing so well for a long time.
Now he reached 1,000
games. I always remember
when he was young and he was kind of laughing
at me that I played for a long time.
I said, just wait. You've got to play
as long as I am.
Now he's still
going strong, 1,000 games.
He still has great years ahead.
So he's a great guy, and he's doing great.
I'm very happy for him.
Hey, Timo, I got one question about the Carlisle situation.
What happened when you took his number when he ended up leaving Winnipeg or something like that?
No, you asked for his number, didn't you?
You asked him.
Weren't you a rookie and you asked him for his number?
Yeah, you know what?
Actually, I offered 15,000 for him for the number,
but he didn't like the idea.
He was offended.
Yeah, he was.
You know, I thought it would be not so sensitive issue for him,
but I offered money and he got mad.
I said, okay, no problem.
I'll take 13,000.. I'll take 13,000.
And I'll score 76,000.
And then split 76,000 in your face.
Thank you.
Sounds like you're enjoying retirement.
You know, it has been great.
Obviously, I want to be active
and happy.
You guys know,
when you leave
so many years with somebody else's schedule
and now you can manage your own, it's a fun time.
So far, so good.
I haven't really been in any itch to get back in the hockey life and stuff.
I'm very happy where I am right now.
Well, Timo, our fans are going to be so thrilled to hear from you,
and I'm sure they can't wait for the live interview.
There are so many people that love you and want to hear from you and and i'm sure they can't wait for the live interview um there's so
many people that love you and want to hear you know your stories and what you have to say and
even even about your personal life too so uh can't wait to get you on pal okay we get together we do
it thanks hey timu quick before you go what have you eaten today like what was breakfast and lunch
do you eat any shit or is it still just good fuel for that body?
Actually, I try to eat healthy.
I try to balance because I like wine and I like the cocktail,
so I have to just be smart with the food.
So I had cornflakes with strawberries and one toast and coffee,
and then lunch we had just ragu pasta.
But today
because we went to a couple of shows
so we had one glass of
white wine. So that's usually I don't
drink during the day.
Well, it's only 6.30.
You got plenty of hours left to just crush a bottle.
Can we make it a thing, too, where you describe
what you had to eat that day when we interview you
next time? Because I don't know if that was so
amusing to anyone else.
Okay. Actually, I think
we all should go to my restaurant in Laguna Beach
and we could eat good
food and good wine.
That's still a deal. I love it. That'll be
after the Sandbagger Invitational and the interview
and then maybe we'll make a T-shirt of you two.
But we'll let you in on something.
Thanks a lot, T.
All right.
Thanks, guys.
Thank you, T-Mobile.
It's a pleasure.
Okay.
Thanks, boys.
Are we getting Conley back?
That I do.
Wow, dude.
That I do.
Oh, dude, that's unreal.
You're a legend.
You know, unreal.
Unreal.
That guy could probably play for the Isles right now.
I'm trying to suit him up.
We're going to get him.
He looks great.
He looks great.
You know, it's funny.
When you guys asked me that last question, like I'm watching because we're inside in the booth and it's all glass.
I'm like watching.
So I was like trying to talk intelligently about trots and Barzal.
And I'm like thinking like
waving them in and then they're talking
about golf so I was a little distracted
on that last question so
you were trying to keep us happy
yeah yeah by the way I don't even
know what the question was but I was so
distracted but how was that for a surprise
how'd I do? It was unreal I was just trying
to create fake drama about barzal
and trots to put you on your heels there.
Maybe it would manifest and it would ruin their little winning streak,
and I'd be happy about it because they threw snakes at John Tavares
last year on the ice.
A 13-year-old girl threw one snake.
A 13-year-old girl threw one snake.
Hey, how about coming back from Timu, coming back to me?
It's kind of like switching from the Blackhawks back to the Islander game, right?
Not quite as exciting for the fans out there.
They're like, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Put Timu back on.
We're in a trap right now.
No, no, no.
Listen, it doesn't even matter because I got another one.
I got another special guest.
You ready?
Right now?
I do.
I do.
Yeah, hold on.
It'll be quick.
We'll keep it quick.
But, you know, this man needs no introduction.
Hold on.
Here he is.
This guy's definitely not a Hall of Famer by any chance,
and you probably don't recognize my  but it's Olbs.
What's up, boys?
Oh, Olby.
You lost your voice. Biz, what's up, boys? Oh, Obie, you lost your voice.
Oh, what a crew.
I actually, Obie, I was going to say,
Timu, get Obie for the sandbagger invitational.
You'd be the perfect fourth.
I'm a reverse sandbagger, Whit.
I'm a five handicap.
I never break 80.
I don't know how that works, bro.
Well, PA, then you're perfect for a free meal,
so let's rock and roll, baby.
I'm always good for a free meal.
Hey, Whit, that story Flash told about you at the airport, You're perfect for a free meal, so let's rock and roll, baby. I'm always good for a free meal. Oh, tell us life, buddy.
That story Flash told about you at the airport,
he told me that before he got on with you.
That's one of the best stories I've ever heard, buddy.
What do you mean?
Which one?
The one about you at the airport being like...
It was actually, he got it a little wrong.
It was in the car.
They got us like a big old limo.
It was me, Getzlaff, Perry, Sack, and Timo.
And on the ride, I go, look at this wasteland.
Imagine fucking playing for this team.
It's about an hour and a half to the airport.
And then I remember they were like, oh, it's not that bad.
Timo was like, I like Winnipeg.
I just sounded like an asshole.
And six days after we lose the gold medal game,
I'm shipped up to E-Town.
Obst, we got you on. after we lose the gold medal game. I'm shipped up to eat down. Unbelievable.
Albs, we got you on.
We got to talk about your new podcast with Josh Cooper.
Congratulations, by the way.
Yeah, thanks, Jeff.
So just doing a little podcast with the Ducks and Kings
and the Orange County lifestyle and stuff like that.
So it's going pretty good.
Don't let anyone tell you, boys, your job's easy, by the way,
because it's a little more difficult than I once thought it was.
But trying to break down the game and pump up the ducks and pump up the kings,
and we're trying to have some fun with it.
So we've enjoyed it.
I wish I could tell that to everyone.
And now that we're on the conversation, it's like anything.
You're getting into a new sport, right?
There's some times where we have guests on where I listen after.
I'm like, damn, I was interrupting them a little too much.
Or one day maybe the jokes aren't clicking and one day you listen afterward and
you're saying like too much and it's it's you know you got to carve out skills man it's going
to take time and the reason i want more guys like you to do it because i think they'd be
unbelievable at it but sometimes guys are afraid of maybe the negative feedback off the hop. Man, fuck those people.
They're just fucking
barking from the sidelines. They've never
lived with it. As long as I get fed,
I don't give a shit about feedback.
From the nosebleeds.
There's a chirper from the nosebleeds, aren't there?
Well, does it irritate
you a little bit? Have you
gotten any negativity yet, and has it
upset you?
A little bit of negativity.
See Flash. By the way,
Flash looks like he can still play.
This guy looks like he can go out
right now and snap it around, no problem, work the
half wall.
If he thinks
when we get an in-person
with him, if he thinks I'm not bringing up
his 8-inch hammer, he's crazy.
I'm surprised he didn't.
That's one of the best lines
Loops ever told me. One day, I guess you're like,
someone's like, look at Tame. He's always got a smile
on his face. You're like, why wouldn't you look at him?
Sick car, sick hair,
fucking 100 goals, got a
rope on him.
You listed
he's got it, and then at the end, he's just got
an absolute wagon hanging beneath his legs
okay at least have him like lose his hair or something yeah he looks the same way boys it's
pretty impressive oh but don't don't let the negative stuff get you down there is a fine
line between like good criticism and like people just being assholes but you know you always want
to take good criticism but don't get caught up in it because you know way rabbit hole will fall
down just fucking keep doing what you're doing and plug away.
And another thing too,
you're self-aware enough to know,
like if somebody criticizes you and you're like,
yeah,
you know what?
I was doing that.
I will work on that.
It's good.
And then the other shit is just like,
dude,
fuck off.
So don't let it deter you.
And if you,
if you ever want to come on and shoot the shit,
like we want you guys coming on a little bit more too. you're you're a funny guy you think of all these different
stories pop up because i mean we've had so many of them yeah we have we have because i want to
talk about these pink whitney's boys well what's going on with this cocktail is it is as enjoyable
as it looks because i mean on instagram and everywhere it looks wait it looks like not only
guys are enjoying it broads are starting to slug it back back, which for me is kind of the most important thing.
If these broads are slugging it back, it's got to be good, right?
Oh, listen, man.
It's just built for younger kids with the color and it being so sweet
and the sugar probably making people a little bit hungover.
And when you don't get hungover when you're young, it's beautiful.
But I got plenty of people my age and older enjoying it.
Nice one on the rocks, Obi.
It's the perfect Southern California drink, too.
I mean, you're always in summer there, it feels like.
You know what?
I think it would be great on the golf course, right?
Is that where you kind of invented it?
Where did you invent it?
I mean, I love the fact that people think I invented it.
I'm like, yeah, actually.
Oh, whatever.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
No, no, no.
I always drank it.
Did you have it on the track?
I always drank it golfing.
I used to pour the Newman's Own in there, No, no, no. I always drank it. I always drank it golfing.
I used to pour the Newman's Own in there,
and then we pumped its tires one night,
and people went absolutely bananas for it.
And all of a sudden, now we have threats from Canada that if they don't get it, they might stop listening to us.
So it's gone from me just introducing a hell of a golf summer drink
to people just dying for this.
Oh, I'll say this. I tried it, people just dying for this oh i'll say this is
like i was i tried it and i was like oh shit like this is pretty fucking good like i i wouldn't
normally drink a drink like that but they nailed it i think they didn't expect it to be as popular
as it was and really to be honest neither did i i didn't know it was gonna blow off like that
and as whit mentioned like we had we've had had to scramble and get on phone calls with these guys
because we're getting threats from Canadians if we don't get this to them
because they're not getting to enjoy the experience.
And it is one.
My only concern, though, with the Canada side of it is how is it expected?
Yeah, it's going to be a little pricier back home for sure.
I mean, those Canadians, one thing about Canadians,
we'll buck up for a nice cocktail or a nice beverage.
You know how that is.
We're going to cut corners on certain things, but alcohol is not one of them, buddy.
We're going to get what it takes.
That's why I have to work so hard is because we spend a ridiculous amount of money on trying to get laid, don't we?
It was a lot easier when you had that NHL card in your wallet.
It was a lot easier to get laid back then than it is now.
I don't know.
That card was magic, wasn't it, Biz?
I'm sure you're still doing all right.
Yeah, I mean, we're doing all right,
but you've got to whine and dine him a little bit sometimes.
You've got to put a little work in now.
You can't just give him tickets to the game and be like,
hey, babe, want to come to the game or what?
I played him all night.
You want to come to the game?
I'll meet you after.
Biz left all his tickets COD, old beebs.
Wait.
Fuck you. Fuck you. I've got to ask you a game. I'll meet you after. Biz left all his tickets COD, old beeves. Wait. Fuck you.
I got to ask you a question.
I got to ask you a question.
Didn't you used to let the girls
valet your car down below
so they could
just stroll up through where the
Vamboni entrance was?
I wish that was that cool, buddy.
I never saw anything like that. I wish I could take cool, buddy. I never thought, I never thought of anything like that.
I was,
I wish I could take credit for that.
That sounds like a pretty good,
pretty good play.
Yeah,
but you know the type of guy you are,
if that's like the story that goes around about you and everyone just
believes you,
like,
yeah,
if anyone would have done it,
it would have been Hobbes.
It would have been,
it would have been Upshaw over me,
I think.
Don't you think?
I think Uppy would have probably had that up his sleeve.
Oh,
man.
Speaking of Upshaw,
classic Upshaw, the kid gets to Switzerland to play for, I think, Amb't you think? I think Uppy would have probably had that up his sleeve. Speaking of Upshaw, classic Upshaw.
The kid gets to Switzerland to play for, I think, Ambry Piotta,
whatever the name is, about two days ago.
And then I see his Instagram today.
He's on a jet train to Paris to watch a soccer game.
I'm like, he's going to be living the life.
Yeah, I saw that too.
He's just crushing burgers and drinking beers.
I'm like, man, if hockey was like that, I'd still be playing.
What happened to me?
I mean, I wasn't allowed to drink beers or eat burgers.
That Upshaw, he knows how to do it.
That's for sure.
Hey, have we had you on since Lupo told the story about the bouncer in Cincinnati?
No, old Lee Jacobson, no.
I obviously listened to that pod, and everything he said was true.
You remember that year, Biz?
The Morocco year, there was just meatheads, mutants,
like, three deep, and me and Brooke Bank,
like, I was never, listen, I would drop the gloves,
but you know, Biz, I was never, like, a legit, legit guy,
and I'm, like, banging with these big boys that are all juiced up, and finally, like,
me and Brooke Bank are, like, to our captain, Casey Hankinson,
and we're, like, Hank, we need a guy here.
Like, we need someone. Like, we thought they'd call him up from the coastal, right?inson, we're like, Hank, we need a guy here. We need someone.
We thought they'd call him up from the coast, though, right?
Someone from the cheese.
We pulled this guy out of a bouncer in Chicago, and out he comes.
Straight up goon style, we kind of kick him, out he goes.
He did his thing, though.
He didn't win many, but he showed up every night, and he was a great teammate,
and he was huge for us as a young team then because, Biz, you know more than anyone,
that league was meathead central then.
It's just taking the other meatheads attention off of you like you get to just kind of play your game and and not be like turning over pucks because you're like oh god are we
gonna come out this shift well i still turn pucks over that nothing to do with the tough guys i
still turn pucks over but hey when i just wanted to go d to d all night with that's all i want to
do right go d to d back to d i mean I mean, if we have it, they can't
score, right?
If I could do one thing again
in an NHL game,
I would be on the offensive blue line
with my partner and go D to D
like seven times, enough where the forward's
in front of like, shoot the puck!
But I love just snapping it
back over to the other guy,
it would drive guys insane, but I just felt like a boss sitting in a rocking chair,
snapping it over to my partner.
It was nothing better.
I remember you back in the day when you'd come around the net,
your head was always up, like never looking at the biscuit, just head up,
slowing it down, moving it up.
I'm like, this guy never looks down at the biscuit.
How does he do it?
You were a nice little D to D player.
I knew Teddy Purcell and I were going to be really good buddies
when the first time I met him.
He's like, you don't even know what color the puck is.
I was like, I've never felt better about myself as a human.
Thanks, Teddy.
Let's go hang out.
Where are you beauties right now?
Where are you guys right now?
Were you guys in Philly or where are you guys?
Chicago, where are you at?
I was going to ask you the same thing.
We're all spread out.
Me and Wits are in Boston.
Grinnelli's in New York and Biz is out in the desert.
What bar are we at?
Kahn's is bar?
I'm hanging out at Kahn's new studio, Action Park Media here in West Hollywood.
Cool little spot he's put together.
So I've been up the last couple weeks.
We're drinking some Black Label.
A couple Irishmen here just kind of just catching up.
And I'm trying to maybe convince him into poking us out in Hollywood, you know,
because I still need Conley to get me into bars here.
So if he doesn't come out, I've got to wait in line.
It's the whole process, man.
It's painful.
So let's call him.
See you again, bro.
I saw Biz in Hollywood.
I remember Avenue Biz had a good night there.
Oh, buddy, did we ever.
We ended up going to this fucking, we ended up going to,
where did we go after, the Peninsula?
Remember Harv got that big boy suit at the Peninsula?
Yeah, there was like four floors to it.
I was like, Biz, how many floors are in this fucking thing, bro?
It was everywhere.
Grinnelli, I texted you after this night.
We, I think, oh, fuck, I forget.
Was it before Stampede? No, dude, this was after we i think oh fuck i forget was it before stampede
no dude this was after we did the commercial all day okay yeah we did when we're out okay so we
went to the commercial all day i we 14 hour commercial day we go back record the podcast
and then i came and met you guys out because my adderall was still kicking and we ended up going
all night and i ended up just fucking bending that one over up in that top room. Matt Harvey bought it.
A 10,000 hotel
room and this thing
was like a mansion at a hotel.
It was nuts.
I mean, I was like lost
in the top rooms and I'm just
bending this fucking beauty over.
You did sneak away.
I was like, fucking biz, man. That guy's changed. He doesn't even say
bye when he leaves and I text the next day. I'm like, what happened to you, bro? You're like, I was up top cheese with that one. I was like fucking biz man that guy's changed doesn't even say bye when he leaves and I text the next day
I'm like
what happened to you bro
you're like
I was up top cheese
with that one
I was like
nice play
real nice play
yeah yeah
top corner
you know I know
how to pick the corners
boys
yeah I know
if you get enough
time and space
you can pick the corners
time and space
Obi
you still out there
snapping around
in any men's league
man I've I shot the blades on once last year I told my boys from my hometown Time and space. Obi, you still out there snapping around in any men's league?
Whit, man, I shot the blades on once last year.
I told my boys from my hometown that once I was done,
I would play in the  we have a tournament in Marks they put together,
and I said I would, you know, play after my first year,
and I went out there, and I was fucking terrible.
I mean, I'm a little heavier than my playing days, which didn't help.
I was never the best skater, but it was ugly, Whit.
It wasn't pretty.
It was kind of embarrassing, to be honest with you.
Do you still snap it around?
No, dude, I can't even skate.
The guy, when we filmed the commercial at the end of the day,
he's like, you swear to God you played in the NHL.
I'm like, yeah, man, I'm not even joking.
I'm so bad at hockey. People would never believe I made millions doing it.
I was actually a stunt double in the commercial,
but nobody knows that.
R.A. was the shooter-tooter.
Anything else you want to talk about before we let you go?
No, I'm just saying, you boys
you got to come out west here. I know it's getting cold
there out east. I know you're a golfer. Come out here, play
Big Canyon. Maybe come hang out in Skonsa Studio.
I'd love to see you boys out in the west.
We're going to do a video, Lobs. We're going to do a video where we play.
Mom down.
All right.
Let's do it.
I love that.
Obie, what's the name of your podcast?
One more time for the listeners.
Yeah, it's with The Athletic.
It's called Point Breakaway.
Me and my buddy Josh Cooper, who's a writer with The Athletic,
twice a week we break down the Kings and Ducks,
which is, you know, the Ducks are playing well,
the Kings not so much, but we're trying to make it enjoyable
and fun for the fans and just living the OC life as well.
You know, we're learning how to go.
We've only done about four or five, but it's enjoyable.
And, yes, point breakaway with the Athletic.
I appreciate that, boys.
Southern Cal hockey fans, make sure to check it out.
They get a little more in-depth than we do for sure.
I'll give you back to Collins.
Biz, Whit, love you, boys. I'll see you. All Collins. Biz, Whit, love you boys. I'll see you.
Alright, see you buddy.
Yo, I'm back
guys.
Yo, is Mario
coming in? Mario's
outside.
That's all we got for you.
Sorry guys.
RA tweeted out
incredible surprise guests on Spitting Chicklets
tomorrow and then the people underneath wrote, it better be Shitty Cindy. R.A. tweeted out, incredible surprise guest on Spitting Chicklets tomorrow.
And then the people underneath wrote, it better be Shitty Cindy.
So although you had very good guests, I think they're going to be a little bit let down, apparently, anyway.
Unless, of course, you have Shitty Cindy with you.
Yeah, we're doing a podcast in here.
It's called Dr. Hockey.
And so Timu is in here. And I'm like, oh, Timu, I'm going to sit in for this one.
So I jump in. I throw on
the headset. Obi's in the
engineer room so I can see
him, right? And they're
having this long
all these talks about injuries and all this
kind of medical things. And Obi
says, let me read Obi's
question. All this serious shit. And Obie says, uh, I'll read Obie's question.
All this serious shit.
And Obie says,
uh, ask him if he misses warming up without the bucket.
I'm like,
yeah,
I don't know that that's good.
I don't know if I can find that one in or not.
A little off brand for,
uh,
the Dr.
Hockey podcast,
but,
uh,
so.
No bucket was the best.
No bucket was the best. I'm assuming. Um, all right the best. Yeah, no bucket was the best, I'm assuming.
All right, yeah, so I, you know, hope I did all right.
I was excited.
I didn't know if it was going to come through, so I spoke to Grinnelly.
I didn't want to say anything in case, you know, who knows about T-Mobile.
Here's a question for you.
Here's a question for you.
If you could pick one of their goalies right now
and you had to go with him the rest of the season,
which goalie would you pick?
Marlon Ma has been playing great and Grice has been kicking as well.
Their numbers are pretty similar.
Yeah, I mean, I guess, you know, I guess, you know, in the big spot, look, Grice is obviously, he's great.
I think he's content in the number two role.
I do.
I think he's fine playing, coming in, and maybe not taking the pressure off of being
the number one. So,
yeah, I guess it would be, I guess
in the big game, it would be Volomov, right?
That would be my guess.
But I don't know. But either way,
it's a good problem
to have, because, you know, you need two
good goalies, right? I mean,
there was some stat that,
you know, a team that's never
won the stanley cup and a team has never won the stanley cup with a with a goalie that's played
more than 50 games in the regular season oh yeah okay well yeah maybe in recent memory i think it
was a little bit more common back then where goalies would play more i think over time people
are aware rest is important. Totally.
I think it's a great system.
Apparently, they got this guy in Russia.
Who is this goalie in Russia that doesn't want to come over, but the Islanders have
his rights? Does anybody know that guy?
I'm not sure.
We're not that knowledgeable of a hockey podcast.
You don't know anything about the Islanders.
We're also hated there.
I think it's Sorkin or something like that.
Sorkin, yes.
Sorkin.
So you may see him around next year.
But, you know, look, too many goalies is a good problem.
So it's an exciting time for Islander fans.
And, you know, I'm keeping it close to the chest.
I don't want to get too excited because anything can happen.
And, you know, injuries happen, and it's a long season.
And we'll see.
But we're excited.
Kev, I'm the movie guy here at Chicklets and longtime movie guy at Barstool.
So I want to shift over to that, kind of like we do with our players.
We kind of go over their career a little bit.
I wanted to pick your brain on a little bit of your career.
You were nominated for a Golden Globe back in 2009 with some pretty heady company,
Alec Baldwin, David Duchovny, Tony Shalhoub, and the king, Steve Carell.
Does that go on your career, Mount Rushmore, getting nominated for a Globe with those guys?
Yeah, that was, you know, for me, the highlight of my career, and, you know,
at that point, I still had an answering machine, and, you know, honestly, I didn't even know the
nominations were coming out, and I had been out the night before, and I was like,
I was in such a dead sleep, And you know that, you know,
on the East, on the West coast, it's like five o'clock in the morning.
They announced that. So I'm in a dead sleep.
And all of a sudden I hear like screaming girls on my answering machine.
And I thought that they were like girls at the front door.
I was like, I'm going to fucking kill whoever this is.
And I like pick up the phone.
I thought it was somebody at the front door. I was like, what are you doing here? I was like
yelling and screaming. It was my public, my publicist calling to tell me that, uh, I got
nominated. So yeah, that was, uh, that was one of the, you know, for sure the, the highlight of my,
uh, of my career and, um, whatever, not to bring it on a down note, but my mother was very sick
and she passed away like a couple couple weeks after the Golden Globes,
but I was able to take her as my date.
So it was a special time and something that I'll never forget.
Your first movie, of course, was Rocky V.
First off, one of the great movie legacies of all time, you're part of,
but how did that transpire?
Was it a typical go-out audition?
You got the gig, or was it something a little different than that?
How'd that play out?
Yeah, I mean, I had a natural mullet, just like any.
I had the mullet going regardless.
I had the mullet going regardless.
But, yeah, you know, it's like, and obviously, you know, listen,
people ask me what my favorite boxing movie is, and I would say Rocky.
I mean, aside from the obvious, Rocky IV is the best boxing movie of all time.
So, you know, yeah, I was pumped.
Yeah, I know it didn't go over well.
It was sort of a weird sort of approach.
But, yeah, it was nice to be a part of it.
And, yeah, man, that was 1989.
So what was that?
A long time ago.
I don't care to do the math on that.
That's 30 years of math, guy.
Yep, that was 30 years ago.
Did you even dive into what your company is,
what you started and where you're trying to bring it?
You mean the studio here, Action Park Media?
Yeah, can you go in depth a little bit more about it?
Yeah, no, look, here's what it is.
I'm trying to build a platform, just a media platform, about it? Yeah, no, look, here's what it is. I'm trying to build a platform,
like just a media platform,
and it's content.
Eventually, we want to move into TV shows,
and the content now,
the business has changed so much,
certainly since the days of Rocky V
and even Entourage.
So a lot's changing.
Yeah, so I want to kind of just build the brand, you know, have a bunch of content,
move into original content, TV shows, and that kind of stuff.
So we launched with a few podcasts, and we've been having a blast.
You know, it's a lot of fun, more work than I would have anticipated.
But, yeah, it's so far so good.
We've been literally the doors have been open for like three weeks or something ridiculous. But, uh, yeah, it's been fun so far. So we'll see just, uh, work hard
every day. Are you going to become a figure of it or, or are you going to remain mostly behind
the scenes? Yeah, no, I'm, I'm, I'm all the way behind the scenes. You know, I don't like people
like, do people like, do you have a podcast? I'm like, no, I mean, I, I don't really have anything
to say. Not, not, I mean, certainly nobody wants to listen to me drone on about the Islanders for, you know, week after week after week.
Yeah, no one does.
So, yeah, exactly.
So until, you know, something comes up.
But in the meantime, I'm just kind of, you know, bringing things in.
I'm getting into the true crime space, which I'm a big fan of.
And we're doing a little entertainment, sports, true crime.
We're doing a little bit of everything. And we'll see where we're at in a year. You know,
Collins real quick. I just wanted to ask back to your career with entourage.
You guys, it seemed like the thing with entourage,
there was like a camp, a cool cameo every episode.
Who was like the coolest person you think like working on that show that you
got to have on? Like, I know you had Tom Brady.
That would be my favorite yet.
It'll be like, who else?
Yeah. I mean, we, we had, you know, at a certain point we had,
we had everybody and, and certainly in the, uh, the entourage movie, you know,
we had that one scene where they were having the party, uh, to watch,
to watch the movie. And it was, uh,
we were shooting for three days on the Trump golf course of all places out
and, you know, uh, Palo Alto or wherever it is.
And there was like 50 cameos that day.
And it was Mike Tyson, Brady, Edelman, Amendola, Walbrook.
It was insane how many people were there.
And on that first day, 10 o'clock in the morning on day one, I broke my leg doing something stupid.
I mean, it was awful.
It was awful.
And I knew I messed up.
I was showing off a little bit.
Russell Wilson, you know, was playing quarterback,
so everybody was, like, trying to channel their inner, you know.
So I went up hard for a pass, and I fucking snapped my leg.
I broke my leg in three places, but I was so embarrassed.
I, like, I worked for four days.
I drank and ate weird pills.
It was outside, so I had sunglasses on, but I know I needed to get through the days.
But it's funny, all the guys that were there, and all these cameos,
and they put me in a guest house a million miles away.
And I was like, my leg was just fucking twisted, you know?
And the only guys, I'm thinking like, it's so funny about sports.
The only guys that came to check on me when it was all said and done,
who do you think?
Gronkowski, Edelman, Amendola, Tom Brady.
Oh, shit.
You know, I'm a dolphin fan, you know?
And here come the four patriots to go literally 100 yards out of the way
into a house, up a flight of stairs, down a hallway,
into a back room to come check on me.
So sports is sports, but for that, I'll always be Julian Edelman
and Gronk and those guys will always have a special place in my heart.
A lot of people aren't going to be happy about that
because it's going to give them another reason to like those guys.
I know.
That's why I'm sitting there.
It's like there's a world where you want to root against the Patriots,
but how could you?
Literally, no one told them to do it.
They just went and did it.
It was instinctual for them, so I love them.
I hope you went back and had them all sign your cast
afterwards. That fucking...
Yeah, I didn't do the casting.
How'd you become a Dolphins fan?
How'd you become a Dolphins fan from Long Island?
I think my brother hated
my dad. I mean, my dad passed away,
but my dad was a big Jets fan,
and we were Dolphins fans.
Me and my brother had bunk beds, and
there was Dolphins stuff all over the room, so I just inherited the Dolphins.. I mean, me and my brother had bunk beds, and there was Dolphin stuff all over the room.
So I just inherited the Dolphins.
And every year on the first day of the season, I call my brother.
I'm like, what the fuck?
How bad was he?
How bad could he have been?
But, yeah, so we'll see.
We'll see.
Cond is the only guy that ever had posters of Dan Marino and Mike Bossy in his bedroom.
You know, my favorite thing is people are always like, how can you be an Islander fan and a Yankee fan?
That's not how it goes.
I'm like, what do you mean?
It's not how it goes.
You know, there's no rules.
No, but I always thought, I actually, it doesn't go like that, but I always thought that like Islanders, Jets, Mets, and then Rangers, Yankees, Giants for the most part.
Yeah, I don't know why that... I don't know
who made that up, but that's not the case.
Not for me, anyway.
Hey,
Collins, last question. Would you
and Leo be down for a
maybe, if we can squeeze you guys in,
a CCM Sandbagger
Invitational where
Biz Nasty takes as many strokes as possible.
Let's get him in here.
Let's get him in here right now.
Leo.
Let's bring Leo in.
Go get him.
Timo.
Tell Timo to stop jocking Leo and get him over here.
Let's go.
Wait, wait.
Yeah, no.
Leo's not a golf guy.
Not a big golf guy.
You still boys with him?
I'm trying to get the boys into golf because, you know,
how long can you hit the clubs, right?
The nightclubs.
Hey, tell them we're Eskimo brothers.
Tell them we're Eskimo brothers.
No, I'm serious.
Should I tell them that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Really?
Let me tell Obi this.
Biz and Leo are Eskimo brothers is what he said.
Oh, yeah.
I'll see.
Want to bet?
Want to fucking bet?
What are you? You ready for bet? Want a fucking bet? What are you,
you ready for a name
or a brief description?
No, no, I wouldn't say
it on the podcast.
That's rude.
You wouldn't say it
on the podcast.
Well, text him.
I'll talk about
destroying the pussy.
I just won't talk
about whose pussy it is.
Yo, how about Ovi?
Ovi, I'm like,
I'm like, yo, Ovi,
I'm going to put,
jump on the phone
with the guy.
He's like, nah,
I can't follow Timu.
He grabs the phone
and a half hour, the guy's gone.
He's walking down Robertson.
That's why.
He's a fucking star.
He's got a whole big son.
He wants the mic.
He's a star.
He just needs to realize it.
Yeah, we're going to do a little rehearsal.
We're going to have a little rehearsal.
We're going to do one more podcast in here.
And then Obi and I are going to work out some kinks for his podcast.
Collins, how about this?
We do an act-off.
Me, you, and Leo.
Three-way act-off for some content.
I mean, I know he's into acting.
Can't dodge that one, can you?
I don't think he's going to do it.
I don't think he's going to do it.
He's not a podcast guy.
He's still a boy to them?
Yeah, of course.
Yeah, he's my brother.
He's a good dude.
He's a private dude, but he's a good dude he's a private dude but he's
he's a great guy for the record it would be on our spit and chicken youtube channel not not on
the podcast itself right so that might sway his aramidome that might sway you know shoot that
episode is the question just make sure you deliver it properly, all right, buddy. You've done a lot. Thanks a lot, bro.
All right, cool. Good talking to you guys.
Great talking to you, man. All right. All right, we friends? All right, we friends again.
We're boys and the hatchet is buried if there ever was one.
I love it. I love it. All right.
See you guys. Take care, brother.
And a huge thanks to our
buddy, Kevin Conley. I'm glad we were able to
bury the hatchet. He blocked me on 20 years ago
with some silliness and it's pretty funny that he brought that up. And we had a laugh about it. And also,
dude, I mean, he brings on team fucking Solani out of the blue. I shit my pants, man. I mean,
I wasn't expecting that. And then our buddy OB comes on. He's a fucking character. So that
interview went pretty nut off the rails. Definitely on the rails. Good shit. Hey, Biz. It was awesome.
I'm questioning Connolly's Islanders knowledge.
We got to tell him how to say Barzell.
Yeah.
I think he might have been saying it wrong.
Or maybe we're the ones saying it wrong. And I asked him the question because I know that there's obviously not a riff,
but just Barzell wants to let it fly.
And Conley made it sound like he's going to put up 85 points
like he did his first year.
Well, I mean, he's under a point of game so far this year.
There's no signs that he's just going to all of a sudden,
based on how much offense and risk they can take, pop off.
So don't you see that as being an issue moving forward
where if they do in fact try to low ball
and barzell's going to be like no fuck you because he's not getting to play what he wants to how he
wants to play in order to get the points he wants to get because he can he's proved that he did it
his rookie year and and we know trots is a far more defensive minded coach than doug weight was
i mean there's the evidence is there.
He's forcing everyone to play a little different. It's just an interesting topic because, like,
he's their star moving forward.
I'd imagine that maybe I'm just  I'm not trying to create drama,
but, like, knowing Lou, like, he wants probably a bit of a team-friendly deal,
right?
And I don't know if Barzy's going to want to give it to him.
And I don't think he should have to.
Yeah. Time will tell.
Boys, there was an interesting video that the Boston Chicago tweeted out.
It was going back to Halloween.
Khalil Mack, the Chicago Bears defensive superstar,
you know, he lives in a nice neighborhood.
I guess he doesn't celebrate Halloween or take part in Halloween,
so he didn't celebrate Halloween.
And instead of having people come and knock on his door, ring his bell, he hired a guard to stand there and tell people that basically he's not doing Halloween. So he didn't celebrate Halloween. And instead of having people come and knock on his door, ring his bell, he hired
a guard to stand there and tell people that
basically he's not doing Halloween.
And some guy recorded it and like
made a big, I thought it was a big fucking wine bag
hullabaloo about it. He's like,
he's recording the guy. He's like, oh, so he doesn't want
to give us candy. He's like, I don't think you should live
in this neighborhood anymore. It's like, buddy, go fuck yourself.
The dude, like, he lives in
a nice neighborhood. Like, fucking, he doesn't
want to give candy out. Who cares? Like,
I just thought fucking the guy sounded like
a wine bag, like, fucking pointing out that
he didn't want to give candy. The guy's a
wine bag, but I mean, if you're gonna
hire a security guard, why wouldn't
you just give the guy candy
to hide to give out? I think,
honestly, I read something. He might, it might be
a religious thing with him. I think he's a pretty religious religious guy and some religious folks aren't down with halloween it
could be as simple as that i mean and then everyone's like oh what about the kids it's like
buddy he it's a mansion neighborhood the kids are gonna be fine if they get one fuel fucking
torques this year yeah i uh my take would have been like wits like if there's a guy there if
it's a religious thing then then obviously i mean maybe
it sucks that he would have to maybe release a statement now just because of the quote-unquote
backlash the guy recorded the video fuck off like i don't care that much if he doesn't want to
fucking give out a candy i don't care do i think it could turn into bad pr that you hired a security
guard to tell people to basically fuck off we don't got candy yeah i mean well if they don't then you're gonna have people trying to ring your
bell all night i i mean from a pragmatic point of view i get it like right but but saying that
is like if you just don't want to deal with anything just fucking put some candy bars out
with the guy a simple simple fix not saying he has, but it's just like to go to the length to hire a security guard.
If you can't be smart enough to be like, give him, hand him fucking a bunch of candy so he can give away.
People would understand the privacy aspect of it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Is that a pretty fair take?
I just think it's so funny to think of this like little pussy making the video.
Yeah, it's ridiculous. The guy's kids probably like, dad, it's fine. Let's just funny to think of this little pussy making the video. Yeah, it's ridiculous.
The guy's kid's probably like, Dad, it's fine.
Let's just go to the next house.
Yes, I agree with all that.
It's ridiculous.
It's so stupid.
I wouldn't complain about it.
But you have to factor in you're Khalil Mack.
You're a big name.
If you hire a security guard to shoo people away, it may become something.
Yeah. No, that's true, and it's unfortunate.
I don't have kids. I don't give
a fuck about Halloween. I don't give Halloween candy
away either, so maybe that's why I'm
sympathizing with them. The Bears suck, too.
The Bears are horrible.
Imagine being a Bears fan.
They had their quarterback
there, and they could have had Deshaun Watson
or
Mahomes. They passed on both those guys for their quarterback there, and they could have had Deshaun Watson or who's the stud, Mahomes.
They passed on both those guys for their quarterback
who just doesn't seem to have it.
Brutal.
That's terrible fucking general managing right there.
It's so crazy that there's like 12 people in the world
that can play quarterback in the NFL.
How many people?
Seven billion?
There's 12?
I've long said it. I think it's because of incompetence in NFL front offices,
but someone who knows way more about football than me said it's actually
because the quarterbacks in college play a zone defense in college
and in pros it's man, so it's so much of an adjustment.
I still think it's a lot of shithead front offices in the NFL.
Look how many bad teams there are.
I think Belichick does everything right.
More teams should copy what he does because
there's just bad, bad, bad management out there.
I just think it's easier
to develop and be better on the
defensive side of the ball that
they just chew up so many quarterbacks
where in order to be successful
at the NFL, you have to have it
most of the time, you have to have it physically
because there's not many small ones. I'd say Russell have it most of the time you have to have it physically right because
there's not many small ones I'd say Russell Wilson's one of the very small successful small
quarterbacks but he's also probably one of the most mobile like he moves but just like think
about how much you have to know and that's why Tom Brady says he doesn't want to retire
it's because he's like I've seen every scheme If I'm out here in a fucking walker,
I could probably be more successful than some of these guys coming in the league
just based on his brain and his knowledge of when he looks at the defense,
he's like, okay, that's where I'm going to expose it right now.
These guys can't think that.
It's like it's fucking chaos.
These guys were 6'6", running four second 60s.
Is that how long they run?
I don't know.
60-yard sprint?
These receivers are below that.
That's what I'm saying. It's so
fast. These guys are big
mutants. They're just coming at you with their heart.
How much would you pay
to see me take a snap?
I'd love to see R.A. take an NFL snap against a competent defense.
Oh, God.
Might as well just put me in a coffin right now, dude.
That's what I'm saying is people don't realize.
And who was complimenting  I know we're kind of talking about football now.
I think it was Khalil Mack, I think it was,
who was complimenting Carson Wentz and how he's
Where she's handy.
I think it was, who was complimenting Carson Wentz and how he's  Where he's handy.
And how he's like intense where he stays in the pocket.
He'll take abuse.
And he knows it's coming, and he credited him on being tough like that.
A lot of guys, they'll just like squirm away and like take the loss
or won't hold that split second in order to finally hold that's open,
make the play, and then take a hit.
That's why Carson Wentz is always hurt, though.
Right, that's true.
All right, boys, another story I sent you a couple days ago
was in The Athletic by the writer Katie Strang.
She's a great writer.
It's a story that basically too long didn't read.
Coke and Molly use is on the rise among NHL players
based on her talking to players, GMs, managers, whatever.
What was your
take on this story? Do you agree? I thought it would have went
down since we left the league.
It's like, OB biz.
Wait, what? It's going up?
What the hell? Way to go, guys.
I read it, actually. I read it.
It was an interesting read.
What were my thoughts on it?
I think that drugs have always been a part of every major sports league,
and I think that nowadays maybe it's making more noise
because of stories like this and guys being younger.
I really don't know.
But forever there's been cocaine use in the NHL.
I mean, imagine the 70s and the 80s playing Broadway in New York City.
So I don't think that it's like an enormous issue in the league.
Like some parts of the article made it seem like it's such a huge problem
that people are really worried about it
the product's incredible on the ice and the only thing that makes me real the only thing that i
that i take away reading that is like i don't know if people uh think that because guys are
pro athletes i'm not just saying hockey players any league i don't know if they think because
they're pro athletes they don't deal with the same type stuff that other 19, 22,
25 year old people like deal with in life because hockey is no different.
Yeah.
Your profession is on the ice and you're in the public eye and you're this
amazingly skilled athlete.
But I mean,
how many younger kids go out and have a good time with a bunch of days off
and their buddies back home are doing blow or popping Molly. And they're like,
all right, I'll, I'll do some. I, I just think that if,
if you were to ever think that people don't struggle with the entire act of
growing up and becoming an adult, like just cause they're pro athletes,
then you're wrong because a lot of times it can be even worse off.
And I'm not saying that it isn't easy because how much money people make, but sometimes making that
much money and being that popular and going out and having everyone kiss the, you know, the floor
that you walk on and, and rub your belly and scratch your back. It's almost harder to get
away from certain things. So, so I mean, I don't, I don't think it's a huge issue in the league.
I think some guys like to have a good time, but don't I don't really look at it like oh my god
there's this we need to be in a panic I don't know I I mean I I wouldn't condone anyone doing
it if they want to do it do it um you like as far as it being a problem like everything in moderation
if you know if it's been you know
six week training camps over you guys have had a tough schedule all of a sudden it's
maybe rookie party and you know boys want to fucking split a bag like i don't know who the
fuck am i to judge you know sometimes i wanted to go there because i wanted to forget about shit
and just have a good time and you know get a little dark i mean it's not for everyone and i
understand people are going to judge the fact that maybe I've done that in my life, but I just really don't give a fuck.
I had a great time.
Well, would you not say that it's probably, like, better than having 30 beers,
doing some bumps of Coke?
Yeah, doing a couple of bumps.
I don't know.
Maybe that's way off base.
I don't know.
To play, like, three nights later?
Yeah.
Everything, like, Biston, everything in moderation.
And I'm obviously
the older guy i was kind of around when you know the cocaine before it was known as a harmful thing
i remember time magazine had a martini glass full of cocaine and was like and the headline was like
is this dangerous like people are pottying so much in the 70s and 80s and then you know when
lembias died that was a real shift and then people started realizing okay if you abuse this shit it
can be bad for you.
And I think what happened was it didn't really go away. It maybe decreased the coke usage and it went underground.
So instead of like people in a bar in the late 70s doing coke off the bar, they're going into the bathroom stall to do it now.
I think it became a bit of a stigma. But then it slowly kind of crept back.
I think the people, you know, all the people, whatever, died off or went away and then the younger crowd discovered it.
I think, not that it's gotten popular,
I think it just went away in the whole society.
I mean, I see it, you know,
people doing it, it's still around. It just disappeared
for a little while. It kind of hid
for a while and now people aren't as
quiet about it. Listen, if a player's getting
a bag every week and doing it on the
Saturday night, that's a fucking big time issue.
That's an issue.
I cannot picture that there's that
many guys in the NHL that are
ripping through coke every week.
It's like, fuck, if you're going to do it...
I don't know. Maybe this
sounds horrible. What if a guy like
four times throughout the year
with three couple days off?
Is that bad to say?
The guy had a hell of a season, and you're the GM?
What are you going to do?
I mean, I don't know.
I know this doesn't sound good.
Well, if it's that big of a problem,
you're going to have a hard time finding guys to play for your team.
This doesn't sound ideal, but this is the world we live in.
People are out there doing shit like this.
It's hard for me to imagine that there are people around the league panicking
that like this is becoming an issue i mean is the product suffering no how good is the hockey right
now these kids i just don't want i just don't want it to get lost in translation that we don't care
about these guys health where it's like right but that's all i'm saying is and i'm listen we're
this is a very competent conversation if somebody wants to do
something they're gonna fucking do it okay and i don't want guys abusing it if they want to go out
and have a few good times you're over the course of the season and they want to implement some
technology fucking put it right up a butthole and we know i know we have a lot of younger listeners
i know sometimes we might forget that i'm not saying i know this sounds like this makes me
sound not all at all we're covering all bases we're just covering all bases
and you know we're not saying oh i'll go out and do this stuff we're saying that is your as you're
an adult if you're of age to to take part in things you know you can have fun with certain
things and and not be have become fucking junk box i mean you get older people like the potty
like to unwind in different ways uh you know let me put it this way ra yeah i'm i'm
living this one life i'm gonna test all waters yeah i don't give a shit how you feel about it
so anyone listening that wants to get sensitive to it yeah i've done blow i've done more i've
done it all it's like i want to ride the wave man let's go i also think that um if if we're
talking to younger kids it ain ain't going to help you.
So that's out there.
This will not  if you're 16 years old playing junior,
you're looking to blow, that ain't the path, bro.
Maybe if you get 85 points one year in the NHL and you want to have a party one summer night or six days off, go ahead.
But don't think that getting into anything like Molly and Coke
is going to be like what makes your career all of a sudden take off.
Yeah.
It makes your weekends take off, not necessarily your fucking career.
It makes biz take its clothes off.
It makes your kill count take off.
And your trips to the doctors take off.
And your anxiety take off.
And there's a lot of taking off.
Well, you know what else takes off, Biz?
Your DHM fucking intake. Oh, yeah, they take off. And there's a lot of taking off. Well, you know what else takes off, Biz? Your DHM fucking intake.
Oh, yeah, they take off.
Oh, how about that?
If you are getting at it a little bit and you're tired of that awful feeling
after drinking, DHM detox is basically a vitamin for people that drink.
It's your ultimate drinking buddy.
Well, Biz is the ultimate drinking buddy, but DHM detox is right up there.
Now that hockey season is back in full force and you're whacking back the
pink Whitney's crushing bears while watching the games,
make sure you take care of your liver and put yourself in a good spot to feel
normal the next day.
That's why you want to get DHM detox.
It's a blend of natural ingredients,
antioxidants and vitamins that are optimized to boost your body's natural
response to alcohol,
helping fight off the toxins while you're drinking beers.
I can't believe they actually expect you to read this.
Jesus.
This is what you need to help reduce the next day nausea, brain fog, headaches,
and anxiety after a night out, and it's backed by science.
Take two capsules after your first few drinks, not before, and it goes to work,
helping to break down toxins and providing liver support.
No more feeling as dumb as a bag of bricks with a pounding headache
and feeling sick to your stomach. Double up with another packet if you're having a big night. DHM Detox needs to be a
part of your drinking routine. After a big trip out to Chicago, we were able to stay productive
because of these little capsules. It's not just the little blue ones for BizBan. And the DHM Detox
team has an awesome risk-free return policy. If you don't feel better after taking the product,
they'll refund you. Just shoot them a message. It's a no-brainer, and they now have free shipping on team has an awesome risk-free return policy. If you don't feel better after taking the product,
they'll refund you. Just shoot them a message. It's a no-brainer, and they now have free shipping on all U.S. orders and better international shipping. And of course, I'm going to hit you
guys with the promo code. Just head over to dhmdetox.com and use the promo code biz20 for
20 off. That's dhmdetox.com.
Free shipping on all U.S. orders or if you buy more than a couple boxes.
And their customer service team
is ready to answer any of your questions.
So just feel free to reach out to them
on Instagram at dhmdetox.
How do you like that?
All right.
First of all, thank you for covering me.
It's like I turned it over
and you were the first guy back
and you bailed me out, okay? So thank you, partner. That's like i turned it over and you were the first guy back and you bailed me out okay so thank you partner that's how we do um secondly just to comment on those
things i love them i i'm way more productive if i take them uh and when i'm drinking the next
morning and i've had friends where i've given them to them and you know in the midst of drinking
they're just like yeah whatever so maybe feel good they throw it in their mouth and then like
the next morning i'm usually getting texts back like hey what's the name of that pill send
me the fucking uh send me the the their their website so you guys it's great it's a chinese
extract of a plant and it breaks down the toxins before it hits your liver so it's the only
scientifically proven thing to do it with like that that's natural so so you're putting good shit in your
body and you're getting a good result from a dhm detox biz 20 promo code swap up not a big deal
uh you got another story out of vegas this one's a little bit different um shocks forward of indy
cane uh he's getting sued by the cosmopolitan of las vegas uh they're saying he failed to pay back
500 grand in gambling markers the casino gave him back in April. A marker is basically credit if you're not
familiar with that, if you're not a degenerate like myself. Basically, the casino
cuffs your money and with the expectation you're going to pay them back in a somewhat timely
manner. They feel Evander hasn't done that in a timely manner, so they
proceeded with court proceedings. I don't know if you guys saw John Scott's tweet. He's
like, right now,
Vander King is looking to find out if Revo has any outstanding parking
tickets in Vegas because they've been having their fucking battle back and
forth.
I thought that tweet was fucking hilarious.
So, man, hey, this is a lesson.
Fucking pay your debts or you're going to get fucking embarrassed in public.
That's a lot of money.
That's exactly why I've never taken a marker in a casino.
Have you already?
No,
no.
Yeah.
I'm just like,
this could get really ugly.
If you,
if you don't actually have to like give the money to them.
I mean,
I could totally see how you end up getting a debt like this rolled up.
I mean,
honestly though,
the guy signed what he signed 50 million.
And what he signed before that 20,
this guy's got plenty of money.
Why don't you just write him a check for 500 and get it out of the news?
It makes no sense why he would ever let it get to this.
Yeah, it's not fucking what you want your name out there, right, Biz?
Fucking 0.5.
I really don't understand the whole gambling thing
because you've already won the lottery.
You're worth, I mean, by the time his career is over he
might make 75 million dollars like what fine fine excitements in other areas that's like
that is like 500 000 to lose that amount of money is like that would i don't know if i would sleep
for days even if it was relative to what what like you'd have a mental breakdown yeah i work too hard for
it i don't i don't know i don't understand the gambling thing especially to that excess
and and honestly i'm god i i don't because if i had a type of addiction that i do to pussy that
i did gambling i'd be broke i mean it's i'm just being real. You definitely keep it real. You'd be like on the commercial where they advertise for rehab,
where they talk about the Coke and the Molly problems.
But, yeah, I mean.
Oh, speaking of gambling, boys.
Come on down to Passages with Biz Nasty.
He'll be signing a 10 by 8 for 9.99.
Speaking of gambling, the boys at Spit and Chicklets have a new home
for sports betting this year,
and you need to check out the BetMGM Sports app in New Jersey,
the same guys that bring you the world's most spectacular casino resorts and top-notch entertainment
have a new sports betting app in New Jersey.
You can download the app, deposit, and check out lines from anywhere in the world,
but you need to be in New Jersey to place all your bets.
New Jersey, I'll say it again.
This week, we've got an absolute gong show of a deal
for our new customers on the BetMGM Sports app.
When you use the bonus code CHICKLETS,
place a 1 Moneyline wager on any game from Thursday through Sunday
and receive 100 to 1 odds if that team scores a goal in the game.
That's right.
If they score a goal in the game, receive 100,
even if your team doesn't win the game,
talk about a chick.
Let's bump off that kind of biz.
You just need to make sure to follow these simple instructions,
sign up for a new bet.
MGM account and use the bonus code chicklets.
Make sure to place your first bet on any hockey game from Thursday through
Sunday.
This week.
If your team scores a goal,
you get a hundred dollars in free bets,
regardless of the outcome.
So do that.
Check that out.
And in the meantime, I'm going to go a little gambling corner action here.
Boys, we just missed sweeping the board Tuesday night.
I gave out Vegas.
Didn't cover the puck line, but I had the regulation.
I had the money line.
I had the first period.
So basically, I had a 1,400 night.
And I'm not sure if you saw the empty net miss, but McNabb had a clean shot, 180 feet away.
It was right on target.
It took a funky second bounce and went wide right by about a foot, almost a 2,900 night.
But C'est la vie.
We're here to make money.
And that's what we all did the other night.
The corner's gotten hot.
Hopefully you're all following.
And Whit, to answer your question from last episode, I did have the the abs i got 15 to 1 on the abs before the season began uh it's currently uh plus 9 50
on bet mgm so if you're at holston's enjoying some onion rings right now and get your new jersey
action on jump on the abs for plus 9 50 i got two picks this week on this episode i should say
friday it's the two o'clock in the afternoon game.
Buffalo and Tampa Bay are playing a couple of games in Sweden,
so we've got a nice little Friday afternoon action
if you're getting out of work early.
Tampa Bay, like I said, they haven't been the same team
without Victor Hedman.
They don't know if he's going to play, but he's over there.
He's going to try to play.
Regardless, I'm going to jump on Tampa Bay
for a nickel on the money line.
Like I said, I know they're not playing their best right now.
Buffaloes look good, but I don't know.
I'm expecting a nice response from Tampa all the way over in Sweden.
And then Saturday night, 1030 p.m. in San Jose, Nashville is going to be visiting them.
I like the Predators on the money line and also on the puck line for half of the money line wager.
So again, to recap, Tampa Bay, Friday afternoon,
take them on the money line.
Saturday night, take Nashville.
They're in San Jose.
Take Nashville on the money line and the puck line.
Goaltenders really don't matter here.
I'm taking these teams either way.
So that's it for that.
And one final note, remember, BetMGM is the home for all,
for chicklets all season long.
If you're a new customer, sign up with the bonus code CHICKLElets and place your first bet of one dollar or more for any hockey game i'm sorry on any hockey
game from thursday through sunday this week and you'll get a hundred dollars if they score a goal
in the game winning spade and free bets must be 21 or older must be new jersey to place bets
restrictions apply visit betmgm.com for the full list of terms and conditions. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
All right, question for you.
So with my book, or my book may or may not have essentially just started a new site,
so all my future bets from the beginning of the season are gone.
Now, do I have the  am I allowed to say, hey, like you have to carry those over?
It's not fair?
Oh, fuck yeah.
Absolutely.
Those stay on there.
Because he changed sites, and I lost them all,
and I had 10 or almost 10 future bets in, and they're all gone now.
So tell them to show you the ticket because you might just say, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that's something  and this is probably a good idea.
I know there are people  there's a lot of sites out there people use.
Some of them, they're official offshore sites.
Some of them, they're your local guy who have a site.
I would always tell people to take a screenshot of any futures,
especially if you stand to make a lot of money.
At least you can have an argument.
But, yeah, that's some shady shit because I've had my guys switch over
to new sites, and they just bring the wages over with them or at least write them down and keep track. They always honor them though. So yeah,
it sounds like you guys fucking pulling a Swifty on you. And obviously if I was in New Jersey,
this wouldn't happen because I would have the handy bet MGM app. Absolutely. And nobody,
you know, and it's there, man. It's, I mean, MGM, their names is fucking solid as anybody
when it comes to gambling. No doubt about it. And, of course, movies if you want to go old school.
But, yeah, man, you guys taking me for a ride.
So I would fucking screenshot it.
I'll break his fucking legs if he doesn't honor that shit.
All right, boys, we've had a nice little run here.
Any final notes you want to share with the crew or anything for the weekend?
No.
I need to get my driveway paved.
You know when, like, your significant other tells you to get something done and then you don't get it
done and then it just keeps going
and going and going?
I have left countless messages
on local pavers
answering machines. Hey,
need my driveway paved. Could you
please call me back? Come get a quote.
I can't even get a call back.
I have this fucking driveway where
the puddle, all the water comes and just like stays right where the,
you leave the garage doors,
the three garage doors.
I got a three carb is,
and if this winter up going like last winter and then the ice,
it turns into ice.
And then I'm out there with like that toxic shit you drop.
And then it just,
it's like acid that sizzles through the ice.
And it's a monster driveway.
If you guys are listening out there, you'll make a bunch of money.
I'm sure this thing's going to cost me an arm and a leg,
but I got to get my driveway paid.
Please, somebody give me a call back.
Thankfully, the range is hung on for you and hung on for the under as well.
Congrats to us.
Yep, congrats to us.
Congrats to us.
That'll go towards paying for the new driveway.
Yeah, nothing else is going
on. What's up with you, Bill?
Oh, last thing. I did something really cool.
I did some content in Toronto.
I'm not going to go into details, but
Oh, you told me about that. We did a first
timer, and we did something very special
for a man
and his two sons, so
look out for that coming out, and that's
all I will say for now.
So it's going to be the last edition of NHL First Timer.
There's one other thing that we didn't talk about,
but I think we could save it maybe, was the Taves comments
about the scheduling.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I tabled that.
I figured we'd save it for when we got a couple more fucking
All right.
So you fans know what we'll be talking about next episode
because I think it's a very interesting topic.
And bye for now.
Bye for now, everybody.
Have a great weekend.
We'll catch up with you later.
And we'd like to say a big thank you to our sponsors as always,
and we hope you're supporting them.
And to join Bastl's Movember team, go to movember.com slash Bastl.
Join us up there.
If you want to check out DHM, go to dhmhmdetox.com use the promo code biz20 for 20
off and last but not least of course the pink whitney if you haven't already checked it out
be sure to do so at your local packy in canada we're coming we'll be there very soon thanks
everybody please support our sponsors Don't worry About a thing
Cause every little thing
Gonna be alright
Sayin' don't worry
About a thing
