Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 218 of Spittin' Chicklets Presented by Pink Whitney, the pink lemonade flavored vodka from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
Greetings from the city of brotherly love, us guys are down here in Philadelphia getting some content, getting some interviews, going to the game Wednesday night
Let's say hi to the boys first, Grinelli, what's going on getting some interviews, going to the game Wednesday night. Let's say hi to the boys first.
Grinnelly, what's going on?
Working hard, producer on the road.
What's up, guys?
Always great to see you.
I'm Witt.
Love the ugly sweater.
Wearing the song Keith Yandel, Ugly Sweater.
So I'll pass it over to you guys.
Paul, Biz Nasty, Biz Sinette.
I'm happy you threw it to me, R.A.
First of all, you have been on a fucking heater With your humor lately
That tweet
Honestly you've been bullying Witt a little bit
You fucking embarrassed him in the basketball conversation
If you want to start a bullying competition
No
I will be all down for that
I thought it was just payback
I'm just stirring the pot a little bit
But you have been good
You sunk the shot
You were Witt missed hashtag A broken stick I thought it was just payback. I'm just stirring the pot a little bit. But you have been good. You sunk the shot.
You were wit missed, hashtag.
A broken stick.
What was the pigeon comment on Twitter yesterday?
I said I brought my emotional support pigeon on the plane with me,
and I sniped a pick of wit behind me.
And the reason you got the snap that pick, R.A., is because you were sitting first class, weren't you?
I did, yeah.
I had no idea.
I didn't even realize it until I sat down.
Would you like a drink, sir? I sir i was like yep three vinos later i was how cold we were
fucking landing so first class is nice well deserved already because thank you i mean you've
been the heart and soul of this podcast ever since you went full time but you're blogging now again
but listen i'm done stroking you off because i haven't introduced wit yet but i gotta stroke
off grinelli too he's been fucking organizing everything lately.
He had the Chicago trip to deal with.
He had now this Philadelphia trip.
He had to worry about Pink Whitney shit with MB.
He had to worry about getting all the ugly sweater merch out
and all in the meantime,
booking all these amazing interviews that we got.
And Witt, I'm going to pass it over to you if you don't mind,
and you can even tell everyone who we fucking got on today.
We got on a legend and somebody who I'd been told for a long time
that this guy would be the perfect guest for the podcast,
the way he tells stories.
First of all, just how he looks, Jacob Voracek.
And, oh, my God, was this guy hilarious.
I think that you'll know right away that this is the old school type player you're talking to.
So we really enjoyed that one.
Quickly, Biz, you're stroking off R.A., you're stroking off Grinelli.
Do you remember the phone call I gave you?
Hey, Biz, I'll bring you on a spin.
Start stroking me off.
I'm the important one that you need to really pump their tires.
Don't worry about those two.
R.A., great tweet. Great tweet. their tires. Don't worry about those two. All right.
Great tweet.
Great tweet.
Thank you.
Sometimes you just got to laugh.
I had a video of him after.
He looked like such a slob.
He's got his one backpack for three nights, but I didn't post it.
But still, very good tweet.
Yeah.
No, we got off the plane because you hadn't seen it.
You gave me the smile and the nod.
That was like respect.
That was a good one.
So that was cool. That was like respect. It was like, hey, that was a good one. So that was cool.
It was pretty funny.
Now, wait, I don't think I needed to say anything,
but we know you're the star of the show.
You're the diva.
You walk in with the Ric Flair jacket,
only riding in limousines, five-star hotels.
Well, listen, there's some things that I've come to expect
after playing in the National Hockey League for the nine years I did.
I wasn't going to continue living a life that I didn't live before.
I'm glad to be called the diva of this podcast.
Whitney Houston.
After those nine years in the show,
you ended up eventually making your way over to Russia,
and that brings up one of our other guests who we had on.
After the interview, I kind of felt bad
because I didn't realize how maybe intense I was getting because when i debate i'm very
emotional i get i get uh yeah yeah i say biz fiery pump the brakes oh i looked at him in this interview
i go dude relax you fucking caveman to be fair you'd stolen my weed pen before we started now
yeah i'm sure you haven't hit that one. Now, listen, the whole Russian thing, it's all jokes.
You know, we're telling jokes, we're telling stories,
we're laughing at things.
We're just discussing how different of a culture it is.
Stapleton really, really went off the rails
in a sense of telling some awesome stories
that some guys maybe wouldn't be comfortable telling.
All is fun and games, And there's been prior articles.
I think the guy Nazarov had said things before.
These guys are idiots.
Blah, blah, blah.
Whitney's a bitch.
I've heard it a million times.
When it became what it became the other day in a sense of Nazarov just said he spent two
Russian spies over to meet Paul Bissonnette and Ryan Whitney.
Along with the fact that you can just look up where anyone lives.
I just found this out.
I'm now in the process of changing that.
You got to change the trust, the name of the deed on your house.
I didn't know anyone could just find where I live.
Yeah, publicly.
So naturally.
Have you had to deal with anything?
Just a sidetrack there?
No, no.
Nothing at all.
It never would have been discussed until you finally see
there's two russian spies was it a joke we learned to find out in the interview what the actual what
actually happened and what he meant still dude grinelli then tells me thinking he's a good guy
see grinelli so he's like no no no man don't even worry when he said two russian spies it was lost
in translation i'm like oh this is great
that don't mean anything he goes spies mean actually russian military guards general mafia
russian military mafia so it's not a spy i go dickhead you think i'd rather have russian mafia
coming than a spy spies tell you where the guy is the mafia comes and kills me while seeing me so
grinelli with his like genius reasoning to how I'm going to walk down comfortably
from the cliff I'm ready to jump off of,
ends up telling me there's Russian mafia coming.
Nonetheless, I really appreciated Igor coming on.
Grinelli would come up to you and be like,
hey, good news.
It's not general awards.
It's herpes.
He's like, no!
I try to keep it positive.! I try to keep it positive.
I just try to keep it positive.
The one that lasts forever.
Exactly.
So he called me a liar.
We'll get into that.
He called me a liar.
You know what?
I've never been somebody that hasn't been told
he's a guy who maybe put a little salt and pepper on stories.
A little Montreal steak spice?
You need a little spice on a story? Emeril. I don't lie in the core. I do not lie in and pepper on stories. A little Montreal steak spice? You need a little spice on a story?
Emeril.
I don't lie in the core.
I do not lie in the core of stories.
And that guy called me a liar.
But still, I was actually happy he came on.
Good dude.
Biz snaps at him in a couple moments, but you'll hear him.
When I told everyone that City Shindy shit my bed, well, it was more of a shart.
It wasn't like a full-on log.
It was a full-on deuce.
I mean, it was kind of like aart. You know, it wasn't like a full-on log. It was like, I mean, it was kind of like, it was a squirt.
A big squirt.
Yeah, I used to call Ebi, Jordan Eberle, Salt-N-Pepa Ebi on all the stories.
Love it.
So anyways, his name is Igor Aronko.
I don't think we said his full name.
He's a hockey writer at the Sport Express and a KHL sideline reporter.
It was actually interesting to talk to a guy in Moscow.
Plus, Biz, I don't know if you realize it.
You teed me up for an all-time Simpsons job.
No, because nobody caught it.
I missed it?
Yeah.
No one got it.
Well, you started singing the Beauty and the Beast song.
Do you remember this five minutes ago?
No?
I remember that.
How are we supposed to know Beauty and the Beast goes along with Simpsons?
Because it's like the song parodies on the Simpsons.
It's one of the all-time.
No, I caught it.
You said Be My Vest, right? See My Vest. Oh, See My Vest. Yeah, I caught it. I didn't is on The Simpsons. It's one of the all-time. No, I caught it. You said Be My Vest, right?
See My Vest.
Oh, See My Vest.
Yeah, I caught it.
I didn't know it was Simpsons, but I knew it was something.
Yeah, it was a perfect Simpsons tee-up.
Everyone listening, they're like, how did they interview a Russian reporter?
And they were talking Beauty and the Beast?
You'll hear.
It made no sense to me either.
Perfect tee-up anyways.
From now on, if you say something, I have to say what it's from if I
catch it. Okay, I'll remind you.
Absolutely. And lastly,
again, if I came
off as rude to this guy and he's probably going to
listen, I feel bad. I wasn't
trying to attack you. I was just trying to
defend our stance.
Okay, well said.
We got some big news up in Canada.
Another Canadian invasion. The Pink Whitney has arrived. We're getting tweets big news up in Canada. Another Canadian invasion.
The Pink Whitney has arrived.
We're getting tweets all over the place.
Boys, give us the update.
Well, I think it's gone already.
Good job, Alberta.
It's gone.
I had one guy send me a message, hey, so many people in there,
and they don't want to keep scanning the bottles like one or two at a time,
wherever it is, that you have to buy it by the case but then everybody was so as far as the pricing's concerned
that's that's you know that's canada you know we've you know free health care if that's what
you want to call it a lot of free other stuff so taxes are very high i know lcbo is probably
going to be around the same place price i personally don't want you guys having to spend 30 a bottle,
but a lot of you are because you're that fucking loyal.
So we have no control over that.
I mean, in the States, it's selling as low as 8,
but nonetheless, Alberta, congratulations.
You were the first province to get it,
and I hope a lot of you other provinces are soon to follow.
And fuck, man, these guys are, our fans are nuts.
They're nuts.
And there was, when we were on the phone with Gallo,
they kind of, you know, they were throwing some analytics at me saying,
you know, well, this is how many, you know,
bottles of vodka and flavored vodka get sold in Canada.
And I said, I know, but I don't think that you understand
what's going to happen when you only allocate,
based on your analytics of previous things that you're going to be sold out in a day if you send that much.
So they're quick on it right now.
We've allocated more cases towards Canada.
And let's keep this thing going. One big thing, last thing I'll say to pass it off to you is as soon as it's established and all the other and now it's a well-oiled machine, we will be hopping on different charities with proceeds from the alcohol going towards some very cool things. We'll be doing different tournaments.
Maybe we'll do a pawn hockey tournament per se.
What's up?
And speaking of that uh we raised nineteen thousand
dollars for fuck cancer with uh the breast cancer yeah thank you to all you guys that's that's all
you that's all the listeners to help out with that and and to go that far i mean i i the thing
about the the pink whitney is that you're saying it correctly biz and that we're going to be able
to help out so many people from this and i'm so excited who
knows how long this podcast will go but if i could turn a drink like this into a way a foundation
golf tournament it's like what we could end up doing and helping people while also getting them
real fucked up in the process yeah we're gonna have a good time it's a great it's a great thing
and i appreciate everyone hopping out that quick in alberta biz actually i wanted to pump your tires we were on the phone
so many people ask me what's biz like i'm like he's like a genius moron like you're like he's
like a business savant you're like a legit businessman the way you go about things then
you also you know can't spell so it's very interesting but he's telling me the story how
they're talking about canada and trying to get it out there and the guy's basically saying correct
me if i'm wrong here he's saying like we don't know we can't trust they're all gonna sell if we
if we make 300 000 400 000 bottles and in business like they'll sell but if my word's not good enough
he's you told me that you said i'll i'll buy them i'll put the money forward now no matter what
they'll sell and then once they do
boom I'm getting paid back on that that was so smart for you to even like that I never I don't
have a brain like yours of being listen it's a guy he's probably an American guy he's going based
off analytics which he should because that would be a financial risk that he's taking for Gallo
and he has to essentially trust my word I don't't expect him to do that. That's business.
You got to sit at the table and he has to show something, which you did with that comment.
And he did with his numbers.
He did.
Right.
He's like, this is what we got.
And I said, I said, fine.
I said, I guarantee you Canada, that's one tenth the size of the United States, maybe
even a bit smaller.
I said, I bet you're selling the same amount.
I said, I can guarantee it. And I said, if we don't get same amount i said i guarantee i can guarantee it
and i said if we don't get there i said i'll i'll sign over a check that just impressed me so
yeah am i shitting my pants a little bit yeah so don't let me down canada just kidding but uh
anyway it was this is the guy i'll go in a business meeting and crush it everyone leaves
they're like we just got owned by that guy and then he'll get in the elevator and after three minutes he'll be like why isn't the elevator
moving because he never pressed lobby that's piss that's how you describe well i'll take that as a
unlike russia i'll take that as a compliment now should we send it over yeah yeah boys uh big story
another big story out of canada it's uh it's the talk all week. Don Cherry, a Canadian icon.
He made some statements Saturday night during Coach's Corner.
They were widely perceived to single out what he thought were immigrants
for not wearing poppies.
Just to let our American listeners know, we have Veterans Day.
It's Remembrance Day in Canada.
A lot of people wear the poppy on their lapel.
And Cherry came on, and he was kind of pissed off that he didn't see more of them.
And he referenced, like, downtown Toronto and at one point said, you people.
And, you know, it was basically talking, like I said, everyone assumes it's about immigrants,
which who the hell knows if you're an immigrant or a third generation anyways.
There was a lot of heat about it.
He really didn't backpedal.
They ended up firing him.
Now he's saying he should have said
everybody which doesn't really jive with what he said
either way Biz huge story
in Canada Don Cherry's gone
what's your take buddy
well I mean I have a lot of takes about a lot
of the situations that arose from this
because this can't just be like hey
what are your thoughts this has to be essentially
a discussion
I mean where do we begin I think hey, what are your thoughts? This has to be essentially a discussion. Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
I mean, where do we begin?
I think that no one won on Saturday when everything was said, right? Because ultimately there are probably a group of people
that did feel like they were discriminated against
and maybe shunned away from a game where, yeah,
maybe it does have a history of not being very inclusive, right?
But I think that if anyone really looks into it, we're definitely progressing. game where yeah maybe it does have a history of not very being very inclusive right but i think
that if anyone really looks into it we're we're definitely progressing and and maybe there's a you
know sometimes things that are said by a small group of people that may maybe make those people
think that we don't all want that but you're i mean you're listening from a popular hockey podcast
and i'm i'll speak on behalf of our fan. I don't think anyone doesn't want every fucking nationality
or background playing the game of hockey.
We want it all to grow.
And that's why it was unfortunate what happened on Saturday
because, like I said, everyone lost.
Like Don Sherry, I believe he's a hockey icon.
Has he made some and said some things along the way
that I don't personally agree with?
Yeah, he's an opinionated guy.
He's very old school.
And sometimes I do think he has a bit of a jaded perception
based on what maybe he has personally experienced.
And sometimes, like it goes back to his Poppy comments.
This could have been easily just to set off by Don Cherry
driving downtown Torontoonto on the
way to the the the studio and he maybe sees a group a group of immigrants who aren't wearing
a poppy well what he perceives to be immigrants or what he exactly or what he perceives to be
immigrants because remember he's an older guy right absolutely so that might have just set him
off where it's like in every from from every
background there are people who don't respect what what others have sacrificed where they are
there could have he could have easily easily just been a block over and started paying attention to
the street where it was a group of of white kids so for him to the the wording he used sucked it
did you know it was just like a little bit like oh god and he
doesn't necessarily have the best history of of not singling out and and grouping groups of
individuals into a certain box i mean he's been saying like a russians are soft or or euros are
soft and it's like i've played with some of the euros that are the fucking toughest in the game
like michael roosevelt nichols jarmelson's a euro that guy fucking eats pucks right so it's just sometimes you know
you know he's in a place where he's got a lot of responsibility and i think it's just like we're
seeing a bit of a pattern here where he was a bit outspoken and i think initially he didn't want to
apologize so i know that now he's he's he's saying you know i
didn't like my wording and stuff i think it was a too little too late and and fucking sports net
was in a very difficult situation and and listen people are saying it's a financial decision no
it's not because a lot of people who watch sports net and Hockey Night in Canada love Don Cherry. And maybe some of those people do feel that sometimes, you know, maybe immigrants aren't
showing enough respect to veterans where it's like, guys, give your head a shake.
There's just people in general.
And maybe those people who did come over are uneducated on what maybe people did sacrifice
for what they get to enjoy now.
Because there's obviously a reason that immigrants do come over here.
It's for a better way of life, and that's a fact.
And Canada is a place where it's a nice place to live, and a lot of people are allowed in.
So we're going to have to figure out a way to make everyone feel involved.
And you've got to stop pointing the finger, man, because it's bad on both sides yeah well said um so my my thing about this is that don cherry like saying
that he shouldn't have said that and what killed him saying you people in my opinion he said you
people my issue with all of this is is that I truly believe there is a double standard out there.
And in a sense of the fact that Don Cherry, we've talked about before,
R.A., you said it years ago, this is how it was going to end.
He was going to say something.
He's a ticking time bomb.
If you were to guess that this is what he said, would that be the something?
I don't think anyone would have ever imagined it would
have been this. They would have thought it was something way
worse, okay? Times have changed.
He grew up in a time, and his
whole European comments, Europeans
are soft. Now, I'm not great
with vocabulary words. That's xenophobic?
Yes. Okay, so xenophobic,
I will agree.
Don Cherry has shown plenty of signs
of that, where in the 1960s and 70s, Swedes were considered soft by tough hockey Canadians.
He's lived that life.
He's thought that.
He's said things that have riled people up and he's gone with it.
All right?
Xenophobic, yes.
If you're going to tell me Don Cherry is a racist, I think you're fucking full of shit.
I think you're out of your mind. I think you're out of your mind.
I think you're full of shit.
And I see all these things
and all these reports
about this racist guy.
Do you know what Don Cherry has done
for veterans, police,
anyone out there protecting Canada,
putting their life on the line,
the tears he's shown
in describing fallen soldiers in his career in Hockey Night in Canada, putting their life on the line, the tears he's shown in describing fallen soldiers in his
career in Hockey Night in Canada, the money he's raised for families of soldiers that have been
everywhere. Don Cherry's done more for veterans in Canada than any other living Canadian. And
he's made an impact his entire life helping people. The way he says things is foolish sometimes, okay? You people, right?
I will believe he was thinking of immigrants. I will. And I think, I also think that if when
he looks back on it, he probably is thinking about a white millennial kid who plays video
games and is on his phone all day and doesn't give a fuck about the veterans. He cares so much about the military and what people do that are really risking their life
that he thinks you have to wear a poppy to show that.
That's not true.
I'm not going to say that it doesn't matter and it isn't a great thing when you do wear a poppy
because it is only showing pride and showing how appreciative you are
for these people that have done these things.
But if you're not wearing one,
I'm not going to say you don't care about veterans.
That's not fair to say.
That's him being old school.
That's how passionate he is about it.
And I'm okay with him being that passionate about it.
It was just how he signaled
there's plenty of non-immigrants
not wearing poppies exactly and so the issue from the other issue for me is that all these people
out there the racist comments this this evil this evil man who had to go already wrote a blog
in which it was very well written you you you are a good writer i don't necessarily agree
with a lot of the things you said but i i'm cool with you saying them i'm very open to people
believing and doing whatever they want there is there isn't enough of that my my issue is the
double standard and we talked in the car we didn't go into links because we knew we'd do it on the podcast we brought up the prime minister
of canada and the blackface okay all of these canadians who voted for this guy in my mind
if you're also saying don cherry is a racist and deserve to be fired that's a fucking double
standard to me okay and if you look at what's going if you look at what's going on in the part
of the blog and i'm and i bring that up that ra did not mention that in the blog because he was talking about
don cherry and ra also never used the word racist and he told me he doesn't think don cherry's a
racist but when you're able to look past somebody doing something that pisses you off that would
piss you if you're able to look past somebody in power doing something like that
because he's on your side,
but then the guy on the other side
says something that you consider horrible as well,
how can you then call him out
if you're not calling out the guy that you believe in?
Because he benefits your ideas and the way you do.
And if you look at R.A.,
the part I really disagree is,
R.A. says he doesn't believe in cancel culture.
And I'll let you speak obviously.
I want to talk.
Cancel culture has come about recently.
I don't know enough of the beginning of it.
I know that now it is  and former President Obama talked about this recently.
recently. It's about the fact that if you don't, if you don't agree with what somebody is saying,
you can just do as much as you can online on social media to get these people canceled.
Comedians talk about it a lot in which they try to get canceled by people because they're writing in scent. They're writing jokes that are meant to offend because people laugh at jokes that
offend people. And nowadays there is, there are plenty of examples of the governor in Virginia,
I don't even think of the guy's name,
who did do blackface and was just made to be the all-time villain
because that's a horrible thing to do.
But then up in Canada, the guy who does it
and all the people in Canada that are upset about the other thing,
they don't care.
That doesn't bother them.
And one more thing.
Megyn Kelly is a reporter in the U.S.
She talked about blackface how back in the day, back in the day, it was considered okay if you were dressing up as a Halloween costume, which might have been the case, which is horrible.
It's not correct.
It should never be done.
She was fired over that.
It's not correct.
It should never be done.
She was fired over that.
But these people in Canada who want Don Cherry and get him out of there over those comments,
also electing a guy who did blackface, which is worse than whatever Don Cherry said,
to me is a double standard that it drives me insane.
And to go back on that.
And I'd like to know how you don't think it exists.
I don't think that he's a racist either.
He's based that.
How many people do though up there?
A lot. Right.
But I think that what most people are upset about is the fact that that is something that would ruin somebody who doesn't have hardcore liberal views.
Whereas they can excuse it once again because they share the same idea so
it's like it's such a there's there's such a hypocrisy now it's like the fucking and i mean
if we're getting to the deadspin thing with barstool there was a guy who was writing hit
pieces on barstool about how they were sexist and then they went inside of comments that he'd left
on someone else's blog and he'd made jokes about like rape
jokes and stuff where if if it was somebody at barstool doing he would have killed them for it
so and and and they're all writing hit pieces where it's like yo you guys are you guys have
done something just the same if not worse than what i've done and you're trying to tell me that
i'm a bad person like let's just kind of realize that we've each maybe made a mistake and and just stop
being so fucking hard on each other it's like it's like a fucking game of like you're you're a bad
person it's like you're like i have the more high ground because oh my god you said something worse
than i did it's just like just shut the fuck up you can't even get anything done anymore because
everyone's just trying to get everyone fired who's in a higher position. Obama's quotes about this are
10 out of 10. It was awesome.
Alright, go ahead. Yeah, first off,
the Trudeau comparisons, not just for you,
but a lot of people making them online.
I don't know enough about Canadian politics
to bring the Trudeau stuff in. I know he got
caught, not caught, he got blackfaced
several times. That to me is
kind of irrelevant to the Don Cherry stuff.
I mean, maybe there is a
double standard there it's not what I'm really talking about here so I don't know enough about
Chidota really comment as far as the cancel culture comment a lot of people like oh that's BSRA
I think what it is it's just it's just culture now I think cancel culture sometimes it's just
consequences where there weren't consequences for things that people said and did 25 30 years ago but people who didn't have a voice then have a voice now because the internet
technology of has opened up like more people that like i said were voiceless before so there's
consequences how were they voiceless because well basically you didn't everyone was voiceless before
the internet uh i wouldn't say everybody.
Well, to say the Internet now allows people to make their voices heard,
then what was before?
In America, the dominant culture is white culture.
So anything based on TV, media, news is really from a white perspective.
Whereas now when you have the Internet, you go on Twitter or any other site,
you get different perspectives from different people.
Because of that, people are maybe held responsible to different standards now.
So it's not, oh, cancel that guy. I know people do it online.
Oh, cancel, cancel, cancel.
Now, I'll bring up a name.
A year ago, oh, cancel culture, Louis C.K.
This is a guy everyone thought was dead.
The guy's torn now.
He's selling out buildings and everything.
So if cancel culture was an actual thing.
I think what happened with him...
His is more of the sexual
thing, so that's a really tough
comparison as well. Or even another one. James Gunn,
the guy who directed
Guardians of the Galaxy, the first two, they dug
up old tweets on him, and Sony acted like
a bunch of pussies, and they're like, oh, he's not
directing the next one.
People basically tried to say he was a pedophile.
They were ugly, shitty jokes, but they were jokes. And they're fucking like, oh, you can't direct the next one. People basically try to say he was a pedophile. They were ugly, shitty jokes, but they were jokes.
And they fucking like, oh, you can't direct the next one.
Well, they backtracked.
And they're like, okay, we screwed up.
We shouldn't have fight.
They overreacted.
So what about Kevin Hart?
He couldn't host that award show for a tweet 10 years ago.
That is, to me, cancel culture.
That is causing someone to not be able to do a job
because of something that was said 10 years ago that he had priorly apologized for and i don't
understand the fact that to you it's a different opinion i respect it i just don't understand how
you don't see that happening to people who are saying things that because some people disagree with, they're done.
I guess we just disagree.
I don't think it's a real thing.
They're all cancel culture.
Everybody gets canceled.
I know people complain online.
If you don't go online, you don't hear a lot of that stuff.
I don't think there are really any innocent victims that are losing jobs because of.
I'll say this.
I just think there are more consequences now than there were before,
and people have to adapt.
If you're a good comedian, you'll adapt.
You won't have to worry about getting canceled.
Like the dude at Saturday Night Live,
they probably shouldn't have hired him if that guy was saying that stuff
on a podcast, but you could say it was a joke or whatever.
But when they're hiring an Asian guy the same day,
and this guy's saying F and I don't want to say the word,
it's offensive about Asian people, then it like fuck Saturday and I dropped the ball there
that wasn't cancel culture that was a guy who probably shouldn't have been fucking hiding in
the first place I'll say this I think that right now we as far as the cancel culture is concerned
I think that anytime somebody is in a in a pretty high position nowadays I mean whether it be
politically whether it be in in fucking media
news whether it be in sports i feel like any time something slightly negative comes out every this
cancel culture these individuals they try to cling on to it and bring that person down there's no
more like oh like in this situation i pile on dude pile on. They just want to bring you down.
And when the Don Cherry thing happened, I was like, okay, I, I truly believe, I think
that this is the thing that's going to do him in.
I wasn't crazy about it.
I wish, I wish he would have just had a sincere apology where maybe he could have patched
things up and, and, but Hey, maybe he, at the time he didn't want to change his thinking
and he was being stubborn about it.
Shifting away from that.
So I was doing hometown hockey.
And Ron McLean has to be talked about in all this as well.
And it's tough because...
Surprising quotes from Don.
Well, not surprising, but that is an ugly divorce in a sense.
Right.
Because now, even today came out where Don basically said
that he felt his partner threw him under the bus.
Some of you listening think that as well.
I think you're on that side of the fence.
I was with him.
I could see how much it was affecting him.
Ron McLean ended up having to work a 12-hour day
doing the whole hometown hockey while dealing with this,
while trying to think of what he could say as an apology
because any time Ron does something of significance,
he puts a lot of thought into it.
And you could just tell he wasn't that present with me that day
because he felt like he'd hurt a lot of people.
So he loves what he does with Sportsnet
because that hometown hockey is something that he built from scratch
where he thought like, hey, I genuinely thought that me nodding was going to be perceived as i was agreeing with don cherry in his comments
when don cherry's comments are his own comments if ron wasn't necessarily down with them that's
his fucking opinion um another aspect of this that people who continue to pile on and pile on don't understand is is in tv ron
mclean's considered a bus driver okay so when you're the bus driver you have an earpiece in
your ear i am never a bus driver for two reasons it's fucking very difficult to drive the bus
and especially when you're on tv and things have to kind of run on time, right?
Smoothly.
We had a six-minute segment.
It's national broadcast.
There's ads that are sold.
You have six fucking minutes.
So during those segments
Yeah, I work on TV.
During those segments,
Ron is being talked to in his ear by the truck.
And the truck is saying,
okay, we're talking about the poppy.
And keep in mind,
Don Cherry comes in and probably says, hey, I'm talking about the poppy. And keep in mind, Don Cherry comes in and probably says,
hey, I'm talking about the poppy, and Ron McClain's like, okay, cool.
We're not running the segment before we run the fucking segment.
He goes off the top.
So as Don Cherry was saying this, I asked him, and he's like,
I genuinely, I was half listening because I'm listening to the truck,
and I'm nodding
along because I'm hearing them saying, hey, changing the subject in 15, going to commercial
in a minute.
So he's, he's, his brain is fucking everywhere.
Almost on autopilot in a way.
I've had an earpiece in before and somebody started talking in my ear on live TV.
I fucking dead stopped.
Oh yeah.
I was like, I was like was like somebody somebody's talking to me
like legit i throw i fucking froze on tv so so he's been doing it for four so he has while don's
talking and then all of a sudden the other person starts talking in his ear he's now switched over
to listening to the truck okay so as he's nodding and at the end when he says and he gives the
thumbs up he ain't fucking endorsing what don just said because he only heard half of it.
He was wrapping it up.
And everyone listening right now or 99 of you, they won't know that because they've never been there.
So once again, when you hear about these situations, before you start piling on, you need to make sure you got every fucking variable down and every which way how things might have gone for certain individuals.
Ron had to protect himself,
and if you guys think that in that position he should go down with the ship
with Don Sherry under those circumstances, well, I disagree with you.
And I really like this sincere apology.
And once again, if you do think that he did throw his partner under the bus i'm not gonna i'm not gonna fight with
you online i'm not gonna i'm not gonna kick up dust i'm just gonna defend ron mclean because
there's another guy who has done a fucking lot to grow the game he loves everyone. He is inclusive. He is not a bit racist.
He's not, how do you say it, xenophobic?
Xenophobic.
Xenophobic.
He's not.
I walked around with him all day, and he fucking shook every person's hand.
He gave everybody his time.
He is a wonderful human being.
That whole staff that helps out hometown hockey is.
And once again, you're hearing my experience and what I saw through my eyes.
And if you can't trust me enough to think that I don't know right from wrong who a good human is and don't,
well, then I guess I can just say, fuck you.
Mic drop.
You want to say that the whole hockey is for everyone.
I think that is such a good thing.
say that it the whole like hockey is for everyone i think that is such a good thing so the worst thing that comes out of this is people feeling like they're not welcome in the game because of
comments like it's that that is not the case and i i think at the beginning of all this biz you said
that it is getting better um but still it i it kind of sucks from my point of view that a like
a legend in hockey don cherry hockey night in canada rock
him sock him you know the way it ended it's just kind of sad i mean in in what he'll be thought of
the rest of his life is hopefully not for these comments but for what he the good he's done for
people and that was my whole thing and and like i said at the beginning, saying you people was not fair at all.
So I guess we can move on. Well, there's one thing that kind of came from this,
and there's a show in Canada,
and we're going to run the clip right now.
There was a lady who was obviously not pleased with Don Cherry,
as some weren't.
So I'm going to let you listen to this clip,
and I don't know if she was trying to like fight back,
but to me,
this is just as disgusting as what Don said,
if not worse.
So here you go.
I think it struck a nerve because I'm told he's a Canadian icon and he's a
symbol of the great sport of hockey,
which is the sport that unites us across this country.
And that narrative is the one that strikes a nerve with me
because I don't worship at the altar of hockey.
I never have.
And maybe it's because of where I grew up.
But there's a, and going to a couple different universities,
there's a certain type of person in my mind,
in my experience, who does.
And they all tended to be white boys
who weren't, let's say, very nice.
They were not generally thoughtful.
They were often bullies.
Their parents were able to afford to put them, you know, spend 5,000 a year on minor hockey
instead of, 5,000 is a lot of money.
You can do other things besides spending your time in an arena.
You can go on a trip and learn about the world, see other things, eh?
You know, like it's, the place is a, the world is a big place.
Maybe get side out of that
bubble and for me don cherry is the walking and talking representative of that type and he's a
type of person that now people want to like and i know he's done some good things but at the same
time when someone good is also to able to make fun of people who believe in climate science
who's also able to be like, whether he's charming or not,
but he's still a bigot and a misogynist
when you're, you know,
to have those two things,
like I dismiss those people.
I find it embarrassing.
I find it embarrassing
that there's a big chunk of the country
that is so upset about this.
Hockey doesn't mean anything to me.
I'm sorry.
It's not for my community.
And you're still a great Canadian.
And I'm still a great Canadian.
I'm tired. Well well there you have it that was jessica allen from the social now i'm sure a lot of you listening are pretty fired up by those comments because you know that's
they pretty much put an entire group of people white men in a category and and that was that
okay so to me i'm not offended by that.
I think she's fucking dead wrong because I saw women replying saying, I have three sons in minor hockey.
We just did a food drive for veterans in need and went on where it's like, yeah, once again, they're shitty people and there are good people.
Stop grouping every walks of life.
In every walks of life in every walks of life so you just shit on a guy for grouping individuals into one category and then you just did the exact same but with with fairly
harsher words like she was going she was going at uh hockey culture she's saying because that
she's saying because there was a couple white hockey player bullies in her high school. That is a horrible culture.
Whereas Don Cherry, because he saw a couple immigrants in downtown Toronto without a pop,
he was stupid enough to say all immigrants aren't wearing them.
What is the difference?
And it's like that is the type of thing right there that pisses me off.
So will she get fired?
God, no.
Probably not.
Because she's on the other side. Because now there has become a bit of an issue where it's once again back to the double standards slash hypocrisy of it all.
There are scumbag hockey players out there.
There are great hockey players out there as people.
There are scumbag oil workers.
There are great guys who work in the oil fields.
It is the way of life.
Everywhere you go, there'll be dirt bags.
Everywhere you go, you'll meet great people.
And I personally believe there's a lot more good people than bad people in the world.
But when you try to go back and forth, it ends up to me making zero sense.
And I know that we're associated with Barstool.
And we have some listeners who are very passionate hockey fans and are probably upset at what you heard.
Instead of going online and attacking her, maybe write her and say, hey, I'm sorry for what your experience was and those few fucking assholes that maybe gave you a bad perspective of what the hockey culture and what we're all about.
Reach out to her and just say, but it's not all like that.
There are a lot of good people involved.
And I'll even extend an invite to a hockey game.
I'll fly you out to Arizona.
You can come watch a game.
We can have an in-depth conversation about it.
I'll even pay for dinner.
Instead of attacking, let's show them what we're about.
I'm done with the back and forth of
all this bullshit because no one's going to understand each other in any situation
is if it just continues to be finger pointing and it's like he said she said blah blah blah so
so jessica i hope you you um you take me up on my offer and hopefully we can change your mind
frame and maybe you can go back on your show and and tell all the people that were clapping for you
when you said what you did which was very disappointing um you know maybe you can
change their outlook on what hockey culture really is so that's i'll leave it at that yeah and if i
listen you know do want to engage you know be an adult about it you know you don't have to call
people names or be insulting because you're talking to a woman or whatever just well that
that kind of goes into the entire end of this is you can be very very passionate about anything in life without disparaging the people who don't agree with you
yeah that is the easiest thing in the world to do i love this i care about this this is what i believe
in but i don't hate you if you don't believe in it yeah and that's the thing so people can i go
just on a personal note like i wrote in the blog the blog, I have a long history with Don Cherry.
He was the first Bruins team I fell in love with.
He was the coach.
I followed him a long time.
And like what I said earlier, this was easily predictable.
The guy's 85 years old.
He's from an old generation who, just from a very pragmatic point of view,
the demographics in North America have changed immensely.
Immigration patterns have changed.
And older people sometimes don't deal with it as well as the younger generation I think that's that's an element of it to get stubborn when you're old and you get stubborn and you you know
and you put you know whatever you bit you double down on stuff and I don't think this is how he'll
be remembered it's it's the it's the end and I think you know he's he was very good for a long
time I think he's been kind of coasting for the last couple years it's you know it's not a tragedy it's it's a guy like i said he probably was they probably had him on a
little too long anyways and it ended in an unfortunate manner but it is what it is and uh
you know he's not a bad person he's done a lot of good this chapter's over and i think we can move
on and would you agree and last thing would you agree that you don't think he's racist i don't
think he would treat someone
with different skin color from a different background differently in person he may have
a shitty view on what he thinks their entire population is but i don't think he would he
would give him the shirt off their back if they were in need and he was in the position to do so
no i don't think he is and i think that's a word that's losing its power because it gets used so
much nowadays i mean i think there are and you, obviously I'm a white guy and it's not like I've had to deal with it,
but I think there are levels to it.
You know, there's bigotry, there's prejudice, and, you know, racism is the worst of it.
And I think he might have some, you know, some, I mean, obviously with the Russians, the Swedes,
I mean, he obviously has some bigotry issues, but that's not necessarily racist.
And I don't think he's racist, and I didn't know he was.
But anyways, let's move on. We've gone on a a while and i don't know how many people stayed to tune into
that but it was nice to have a long discussion about it because like talking about that on short
how do you say it short form media is very difficult especially twitter i i will i do not
want to talk about this on twitter at all there's
no room for nuance on twitter no room all right let's move on to what we actually cover here not
that this is any better but uh columbus blue jacket nick felino was given a three-game suspension for
elbow in colorado's pierre edward bellamare saturday night uh not a guy with a dirty rep
he's a pretty pretty solid player and he said quote, felt sick to my stomach when I saw that I hit him in the head.
Three games is about what I expected.
What was your take on this one?
I really believe what he said in the comments.
I think that he'd be the first to say I totally didn't mean to do that.
We say this every time, whether people believe athletes or not when they say those things depends on the prior reputation.
I think Foligno's proven himself to be an honest, tough hard-nosed player but honest at the same time and like i've said a million times the game
moves so fast he ends up hitting in the head when he didn't mean to so i i think it should have been
at least three they got the suspension right but a play that was not at all meant to hurt someone
on purpose no i'm sure he feels terrible about it. Yeah.
I mean, there's really nothing to say.
Foligno's a stand-up guy, very well-liked.
So I feel bad for Belmar.
It was a fucking nasty.
It was nasty.
Yeah, it was ugly.
But like I said, I didn't mean to throw it.
The Department of Player Safety got it right, I'd say,
so we can move along.
One thing, he will be in the press box for a bit, so he'll want to look good,
which means he'll want to check out Stitch Fix.
Personal style is like a fingerprint.
Everyone has their own.
Whatever your style, the expert stylists at Stitch Fix are ready to help you express yourself.
Stitch Fix is an online personal styling service that delivers your favorite clothing brands right to your door.
To get started, go to stitchfix.com slash checklets.
Answer some questions about your preferred style.
And your personal shopper will ship you a box of clothes, shoes, and accessories.
With Stitch Fix, everyone can look their best.
They have solutions for men, women, and kids all over the U.S. and now the U.K.
Where biz was a legend.
There's no commitment required and you only pay for what you keep.
Shipping, exchanges, and returns are always free,
plus the 20 styling fee is automatically applied toward anything you keep from your box.
You'll never have to think about looking good again with Stitch Fix.
Get started today at stitchfix.com slash chicklets
and get an extra 25 25 off when you keep everything
in your box that's stitch fix.com slash chicklets stitch fix.com slash chicklets
how'd you like that one biz oh that was fucking amazing and uh oh sorry i was just in my phone a
little bit i've been people are pissed off that i said said that I think I can make an NLL lacrosse team
without having ever played an organized game of lacrosse.
Yeah, you're nuts.
You couldn't.
I mean, I don't know.
First of all, it's a very physical sport, right?
And I think that my hands, being as good as they were at the National Hockey League level,
seven NHL goals, 21 points, six assists in my last season.
May I remind you, I was top ten in points per 60 minutes played.
I think I had 21 points in a month once.
In the entire NHL.
So if you don't think I could do it, that's fine.
And for me believing myself, I don't think I should be shamed for it.
I'm getting ratioed hard, R.A.
Yeah, well, you're going to need a little break from Twitter once in a while
like the white dog over there.
Well, the weather's getting cold, so that means somebody down in Dallas is going to yell at their two-star players.
Happened last year, and it happened again.
After the loss to Winnipeg the other night, Dallas coach Jim Montgomery called out Tyler Sagan,
and Jamie Benn said he was, quote, very disappointed.
He wasn't seeing signs of progress, and he didn't think they were, quote, driving pucks too often. You need your number one center. You need your number one left winger to step up
and do more. But on a Tuesday media scrum, he apologized for his comments, which I thought
took a little bit of the steam out of them. Montgomery said, I talked to them today,
meaning Ben and Sagan. You know what? I told them that I was emotional after the game,
and I made a mistake. We win as a team. We lose as a team.
Not that I said their names, but everyone, number one center, number one winger.
Not that I said their names, but everyone could figure out that I was disappointed with the outcome of the game.
My mistake, and I apologize to the team for it today and apologize to them.
And both players agree with him.
They said he didn't have to apologize for it.
So it was kind of a story like, oh, here we go again in Dallas.
And I thought it was a solid move, though, for a guy to acknowledge acknowledge his mistake that's something a coach wouldn't have done 20 years ago you know like go in the room and say guys i fucked up like you know i think it's a
pretty stand-up move i don't know i mean there were a lot of hardcore coaches back then but i
think there were enough player coaches where but i i do think it is a little soft to come back of
the comments i respect the fact that he was able to apologize,
but I mean,
if you're two,
two of your highest paid guys aren't playing well enough.
Hey,
some of these guys,
some of these guys like getting a kick in the ass.
You know what I'm saying?
Like,
like they both said like,
Oh fuck no,
we need to be better.
Yeah.
I,
I like guys who don't get too sensitive where,
where,
you know,
the,
the coach comes in and barks at them
and then puts them out first shifts,
and you can tell they got a little bit more pep and pizzazz out there
and they're a little bit meaner because they're like,
all right, fucking rights, I needed that fucking boot in the ass.
Were you a poopy pants when you get yelled at?
Because in junior, I liked it.
I think no matter who you're talking to, a fourth guy, a fourth line guy,
a sixth defenseman who knows they need to be better to stay in the lineup,
or Austin Matthews or Drew Doughty, if you're ever publicly called out,
you're a proud enough athlete.
By making the NHL, you're proud.
You take your life and your career very seriously.
No matter who you are, if you're called out publicly,
you will play a different game the next game. in your career very seriously, no matter who you are, if you're called out publicly, you
will play a different game the next game.
It doesn't matter because in your mind, you were challenged.
You were called out.
And all you've done your whole life is prove people wrong in your mind.
Not necessarily prove people wrong, but like continue to prove yourself right in how good
you are.
So you get called out the next game, the puck drops.
You will be that much more intense.
Maybe it's this much, but no matter what, that's what athletes do.
And it's like you hate coming off a game.
You're pissed about it.
You hate playing a team who's coming off, a good team who's coming off a bad loss
because then you know they're a little pissed off.
And at this point, it's like you're going to be
Unless you're a national.
I already lost me. know they're a little pissed off and at this point it's like unless you're gonna be they're
thinking you're gonna be my victim now because my my pride has been challenged a little bit right
yeah like it's either you or me now buddy and i want to feed my fucking family and and and that's
why when people uh like you know hockey's gotten a little bit softer and people like oh my god like
like they're being rough out there where it's like no shit dude they're fucking playing for food on the table they're that guy it's either you're
getting the money or that guy's getting the money and it could be guys in your own team i mean you're
taught get the loose puck and then if you continue to get that loose puck you keep rising and then
the day you stop getting it you're gonna be done and i and i and if i can get away with it i may
stick you in the nuts on my way to get it i'll do anything to get because i because i want to eat
what we're saying now is we hammer dallas next game
what i thought that was interesting he referred to as a mistake miss i guess i mean he was being
accountable to himself so you know maybe he disrupted the chemistry in the room or something
but i think he's a great guy and i'd imagine the players like him as a players coach
because he's not fucking  he's not an asshole.
No, I think guys love him.
A weekly injury roundup, a couple of big names.
Well, one guy out of action, Mitch Marner.
We saw him.
It looked like someone  I forget who the opposition was.
It looked like his blade got caught in his skate.
He's got the unfortunate high ankle sprain.
We've talked about this on the show before.
That's a suck injury. He's going to unfortunate high ankle sprain. We've talked about this on the show before. That's a suck injury.
He's going to be out a minimum of four weeks.
Toronto's not exactly lighting the world
on fire right now either. That's
going to be a huge loss for them.
Our buddy, Lil' Krozz,
he's had a sports hernia since camp,
but with Pittsburgh
had a bunch of forward injuries. He really didn't want to leave
the lineup, but he said to be contemplating
surgery. The recovery is typically four to six weeks lineup, but he said to be contemplating surgery.
The recovery is typically four to six weeks for the sports journey,
so obviously the sooner he gets it done, the sooner he gets back.
But he also doesn't want to leave the Penguins,
and then they could sink like a stone without him too.
And like I say it every year on the podcast, Biz,
is you can't win a playoff spot in November,
but you can certainly lose one.
Yeah, I mean, so what do you guys want to talk about first,
the Leafs thing, or do you want to talk about first, the Leafs thing,
or do you want to talk about Crosby?
Because my comments on the Leafs are that is a difficult loss and a scary injury because, and I'm not trying to be a fear monger here,
but I've seen guys who have had high ankle sprains
who it basically fucked them up the entire year,
where they're never really fully recovered from it.
Or how about never fully recovering of it?
Forever.
26 years later, me, with mustard ankles I have.
So listen, the Marner injury was scary because he did what I did on the one that actually ended my career.
That's right.
You said nobody was around.
Well, no, because he kind of like caught up sticks.
What he did was he thought it was his skate,
where the injury is bad enough
where you're like, dude, like it's not necessarily pain right away.
You're like something feels different.
Is my skate blade broken?
It's like when you snap your Achilles apparently.
Like you think someone just kicked you on the ground.
You're looking around and you're shocked.
I took a stride in front of the net just going to bust up the play in Buffalo
to make it a four on three biz, you know know just that first step i had back in the day and i just felt this pop where i was like i think my
blade just broke and i'm looking at my skate and i'm going to push and i can't i'm like my skate's
fine i don't think it's that's a that that was a dislocation of my like posterior tendon or
whatever it was but he obviously has a serious enough injury where something felt way off and
then he went back out and he fell awkwardly like he couldn't even move.
And it was just a bad-looking injury.
And what you're saying about it lasting is if that's a legit high ankle sprain,
where some of them are really like, I don't know,
grade one, say, is the least and grade three is the worst.
Grade one, you can feel better.
If it's a bad one, he will not feel right until next season.
Those type of injuries, you need as much time off as you think,
and then you come back and you tweak it.
But the tweaks aren't too bad where it's debilitating.
The tweaks, like 10 seconds later, it comes back, but it's never comfortable.
He said that when he looked down, he thought his foot was going to be facing the other way.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
He goes, the way he ever felt, he goes, I looked down, I thought my foot was going to be facing the other way.
He thought his foot was going to be facing the other way.
But they wouldn't be saying it.
Mine was like months and months.
So I'm not going to guess what happened to him.
It's not good.
I'll say Leafs Nation, though, although things look pretty grim right now
and you guys are like, oh, my God, are we even going to make playoffs,
sometimes a little adversity, as we've mentioned before, is not a bad thing
because things aren't able to really get into rhythm at this point.
If you're able to sneak into playoffs and you're heading in the right trajectory
when everyone becomes healthy in the second half of the season
and things actually start going well
and people are being maybe a little bit more positive around Leafs Nation.
I mean, right now, like Tyson Berry, he's struggling to fit into that system
a little bit, and I don't want to alienate my buddy,
but sometimes things take time.
So hopefully they can figure shit out.
And moving on to Lil' Kraws, that's actually the injury that I had
when the shitty Sydney situation went down. figure shit out and moving on a little cross that's actually the the injury that i had when uh
when the shitty sydney situation went down so she's been brought up twice on this podcast today
but uh oh god a horrible surgery you gotta i don't know if he's got i had bilateral so it was both
sides but you have to you have to put like a meshing on it and and and right now in in that
like groin area like right above your hammer,
the muscle's coming through the layer, right?
Or the muscle's torn and there's your insides coming through.
And I could poke my finger in to poke it back in there.
So it feels very gross.
And some days, though, I would feel okay.
But then as it started getting bad, then I'd have to sit out a game and let the swelling get back down.
So eventually, finally, at the end of the season, I addressed it and got surgery.
I think I was out like four months until full recovery.
Oh, I got hernia surgery 20-something years ago.
It was the worst.
Like I got sliced, not arthroscopic.
It was fucking agony.
In, like, bed for two weeks.
Imagine if you could see on a split screen Crosby's rehab post-surgery and R.A.'s rehab post-surgery.
Yeah.
Like, Crosby's coming in.
There's, like, four doctors everywhere with, like, it's like watching the Russian and Rocky IV running in the training scene.
And then R.A.'s just, like, ripping a bone, and he's getting a massage on where he got surgery.
In the basement.
At a dirty massage parlor.
One thing I was going to say is you said that nasty scar.
So I have two scars, one on each side from the surgery.
So when I shave my pubes off,
because I do every six weeks,
it looks like my dick has eyebrows.
Because it's dark enough. Yeah, so my dick. I looks like my dick has eyebrows because it's like it's like dark enough
yeah so my dick i have like i have like a bush i have like a dick emoji when like the eyes are
like slanted a certain way like i'm frowning so oh man so so basically you know that there's
pictures of that somewhere on the so basically if you look at my dick it looks like an elephant tusk
like because i got the like the never mind we should move on. Yeah. Actually, boys, you know what?
We do got two interviews.
Maybe we should send it over to Igor right now to get his take on the Russian situation.
My new friend, Igor.
Your new buddy, Igor.
So, yeah.
Without further ado, we're going to send it over to Igor Arango.
No, I wasn't.
Igor, thank you.
And now we'd like to welcome a very special guest to the show.
He's a hockey writer at Sport Express and a KHL TV sideline reporter.
Igor Aronko, thanks so much for joining us.
How are you doing today?
I'm fine, thanks that you called me, that you connected me and invited me to the show.
Well, thanks for joining us.
And we're going to start off with just asking, was Nazarov being serious? Did he send guys over here to get me in business or was that somewhat tongue in cheek?
Actually, I told him today, I said to him that we will be on your show.
And maybe he wanted to send you some message.
He said, no, I don't want that to be a story.
So at the moment, he doesn't want to be a guest star on your show as well.
But he jokingly said that he would appreciate a fight on the ice against Paul if he and you, Paul,
still would play.
But she's a coach now, you know.
She would probably smoke me at this
point because I've kind of adapted
to the broadcaster body.
Why are you nodding your head like that?
You said she. It's a he.
Oh, I thought he said it was a woman.
No, he said Nazarov wants to go you on the ice.
Oh, Nazarov. Excuse me. I was wondering why Grinelli was looking at me like I had three said it was a woman. No, you said Nazarov wants to go you on the ice. Oh, Nazarov. Excuse me.
I was wondering why Grinnelli was looking at me like I had three said when I said she.
But no, no.
And listen, this can't get lost in interpretation.
That was not a joke.
I just misheard, okay?
So this could all spiral out of control.
All right?
From my understanding, he's a big fella.
He fought some pretty tough customers in the NHL.
Listen, we come on the Spit and Chicklets podcast to tell stories about Russia.
Well, not me because I haven't experienced it firsthand other than that gold medal I won for the under-18 team.
Not a big deal.
But things happen differently over in Russia.
And some things that happen, like, for instance, guys going over there and maybe not getting paid
when they said they were going to get paid, okay?
Maybe situations where the team's not playing well,
the owner decides to come to the locker room with a machine gun
and threaten the players with their lives.
I mean, this is stuff that doesn't happen over here,
which people, when we tell these stories, their jaws drop.
But ultimately, we're just like, it's kind of funny to us.
It's crazy that it's happening.
You know what?
The time has changed.
And here you won't meet an owner who would do like that at the moment.
So here, the league has become more and more professional and all the guys who
come to your show they are usually retired so they played in russia some five years ago maybe
seven years maybe even 10 years ago like jamie mclennan who was a guest on your show he played about 12 years ago here and that was a different moment of our
League of Russia now a lot of things have changed and a lot of things that
your guests say at the show are disliked by players that play here or some
Russian players that play in the NHL.
For example, Mikhail Sergeyev, you know, from Tampa.
I was at Stockholm last week where Tampa played Buffalo.
We talked to him and he was quite disappointed with what Tim Stapleton said of Nisbukams
because it's his hometown.
And it kind of insulted him a bit because he was
a fan of Stapleton.
He was all the time at the games of Massachusetts.
He said he had a lot of fans.
Right.
But if I can hop in there, I mean, what does that have to do with him personally?
I mean, he just wasn't a fan of the town and maybe some of the things that had happened
to him personally.
I mean, like, is that the one where they were bragging about having the Burger King as one of the city's best attractions?
I mean, now, going back to what you said, it's nice to see that they've changed, you know, the way of thinking on certain social issues.
And guys are now getting paid and things are a lot more professional.
Now, I mean, I could i could think though of a few stories
just off the top of my head that have happened in fairly recent memory like who was the team in
playoffs a few years ago when it was a big year for them and it was pretty obvious that the league
wanted them to win the championship and then the first round of playoffs they ended up playing a
i believe the series ended up going to seven games and in game seven there was like 20 penalties
called in the team who they didn't want to win now is that type of corruption now gone and how many years ago was
that and maybe you can clarify that whole story for me you know what even two years ago we had some
um i'd say some kind of pull-up ties size that officiating in the games of SCA
it wasn't
a disaster
but you know when you
watch the game you
feel that officials
just tried
to not make mistake against that team
I mean it's a team
from St. Petersburg
now it has changed because
now we have
a bit more of
kind of rich teams
that have some
also power, that have
an influence on officiating and
it has become better.
Well, that's
very good to hear. I just
think that with us, we have guys that come from a
completely different culture and when you get over there and you see some of the things that you
never see where where we live you come back and it's funny to to listeners over here and stuff now
i'm not going to say that russian people wouldn't take offense to the stories that are told in the
way we're laughing but in the end right it's it's it's good fun i mean guys are still going over there giving it their best while
they're playing they're they're making the league better many north americans so for people to be
like disgusted and angry at our podcast when we talk about funny things that have happened to us
that would never happen over here that's just kind of reality so i don't you know i guess i don't blame people
to not like it but in the end it's it's gonna make us laugh and another thing too is like i would
assume based off rush's reaction or the people who've heard this it's kind of like victim mentality
where they think they're like they're being bullied and we're making fun of them and laughing
do you think us joking around about these stories are worse than the fact that they actually happen
like the fact that when tim stapleton was playing and got injured there and tore his groin and and you know
and he's in a new country where he can't communicate with anyone and and practices are
very difficult and he's probably really not enjoying himself and on top of that he's got
the coach belittling him in the locker room basically telling the entire team that he's
faking an injury when in fact then he had to play through that injury and got the game-winning goal and then they sent him down to the dungeon
to ride the bike alone and for for whatever fucking reason that this guy dreamt that up
where he thought he should be alienated from the team so it's just like that's worse than us him
coming on the podcast and joking around about it like Like, treating a North American that way
when he went over there to play hockey
is far worse than him just coming on
and him making light of the situation for you.
I mean, you keep giggling.
I know a lot of...
You keep giggling, but I'm making a lot of sense here.
Mm-hmm.
As, for example,
Sergeyev said,
no one forced
team to play in Russia.
He went there
to earn some money.
And that was a good money.
And that money
he would never get
in any other league.
Would you have
that same energy
if Sergeyev came over
here to play
and then he was being
treated like that in Tampa Bay bay i bet you wouldn't that's i bet i bet your country wouldn't
and i bet you that you guys would have a lot to say about it so i think all in all what we're
doing in this podcast is we're just telling these stories of what guys went through and i feel like
they're being spun out of control there where it's like yo like you guys are kind of treating our guy
like shit if it's that the same thing was happening over here to your guy you guys would be fucking writing i mean you guys
would be sending over spies right i mean you're doing so anyways uh it's kind of funny that
everyone uh waits for every next episode to hear some stories i mean hear people some of the people of course know english and they try to
listen or a lot of some journalists they just um they just translate that put it on that and
everyone will uh read it and i think that's why you receive some threats or maybe insults
in on the internet on some social media hey listen we're
fine we're fine with the threats as long as nobody's acting out on them and there's other
things that we laugh about that happened in russia that like that it's not because people are russian
it's just because people like it might have happened in north america like like when the
when the guy he was renting the apartment off of you know stapleton came home was a stapleton who
came home and he knocked on the door and the guy was living in his apartment while he was renting the apartment off of, you know, Stapleton came home, was it Stapleton who came home
and he knocked on the door
and the guy was living in his apartment
while he was on the road,
but he just came back.
Like, that's just fucking funny.
That ain't have nothing to do with Russia.
It just happened to be in Russia when it happened.
But do you believe in all the details
she came up with?
Oh, every part of it.
Some of them were very weird.
Well, what? Okay.
Please give me an example.
Oh, I don't know.
With coming back home
and somebody leaves in your apartment,
so that's kind of...
Oh, right. So you didn't believe
when he told that story?
He sounded like
I have to trust him, but... so you're calling him a liar igor igor like let's just be
like let's be open here you like just if you think he's a liar just say he's you think he
lied about it i mean you don't got to like tiptoe around it let's just have a a big boy discussion
here no i don't think he lied i think he maybe exaggerated a bit well there was either a
guy home when he got home or there wasn't and his furniture wasn't moving around by itself
unless he lives in the fucking beauty and the beast uh household be my guest be my guest put
see my vest see my vest for example uh ryan i still don't believe that you ever met a smoking nurse.
I have never seen a smoking nurse in my life.
And all the guys from Sochi say that that's unbelievable.
It didn't happen.
Well, listen, listen.
When you get a cigarette smoked right in your face and you're given blood, I'll never forget it.
So you could say it didn't happen.
You could say I'm't happen you could say
i'm lying but i know exactly what was going down and i also know that part of the jokes were when
i walked into that hospital i was like this does not look like a hospital would look where i'm from
it's they're very different now naturally like all of you guys in russia are going to grow up
and grow up in something and be like, this is normal. This is
Russia. This is how we live. But when somebody
comes from seeing different things and then
is just shocked by it and tells stories,
it's not like you can
really take offense to the fact that
the guy is just like...
You can't just say he's making things up because
when I see things that look normal to
you that are completely banana
lands to me,
it's going to end up being brought up.
But now listen, I'm not saying that there isn't some exaggeration for what goes on there,
but I do know that the stories guys come on and tell,
maybe there's some salt and pepper, but the crux of it is right there.
I mean, I feel kind of bad we're coming on and it seems like we're grilling you, but it's more just the
fact that people get so upset
over what we're saying
and in a sense it's just funny.
Let me ask you, when Russians
come over here, do they not come back
home and then have some pretty funny
things that they think goes on in America that would
never happen in Russia?
You might
remember that Igor Orzhanov told of his days in Toronto Maple Leafs
that all the guys in the locker room were excuses.
Stuff like that happens.
It's just cultural difference we have.
We're what?
Don't you?
Wait, what?
Don't you remember that story?
The defenseman, Igor Orzhanov, he played in Toronto Maple Leafs last year.
And after he came back, he told one journalist that everyone in Maple Leafs locker room was an ass-kisser.
Because he didn't used to every day speaking with the coach.
So, Igor, we don't know what word you're saying when you said every guy in the locker room is what? I didn't use to every day speaking with the coach.
Igor, we don't know what word you're saying when you said every guy in the locker room is what?
Ass kisser or ass licker.
Ass licker?
Oh, asshole?
No, no, no.
Like kisses the coach's ass?
Ass kisser, yeah.
Sorry, sorry, sorry about that.
Holy shit.
Sorry about that.
I almost had a seizure there.
But, okay, I mean, like...
Well, what about...
I'm not mad at that.
Let's change it a little bit, a little lighter note.
Who in the KHL that you're covering right now will be the next guy,
the next Panarin that comes over and dominates
that a lot of our listeners really have no clue about?
Of course, it's Kirill Kaprizov.
Oh, yeah.
Kirill Kaprizov, who you...
Yeah, the Minnesota Wilds fan.
So why is he still there?
Not to sound rude, but, I mean, he could play in this league.
What is going on? He's still under contract?
Yes, he signed a three-year deal after he was traded from Ufa.
And now, in next year, his contract will end up and he will surely go to Minnesota Wild.
He conferred me a couple of times.
Also, Bill Gehring is expected
to be in Moscow,
I think, in two weeks.
He will meet Kaprizov.
He will talk to them. He will present a plan
connected to him.
I think that we'll
see Kaprizov in wild
uniform next year.
Ooh, there we go. Any idea
what he would get paid if he did come over?
Entry-level deal. He will get some
entry-level deals. Just
925,000
and then maybe
some bonuses. A bonuses
for sure. Maybe bonuses
for B as well.
As Van Aeren has
once in a while in Chicago.
And he will be quite good.
I expect him to score at least 50 points in his first season.
Igor, what do you think the biggest misconception
that North Americans have about the KHL?
Would you please repeat that once again?
So he means, what do you think that North Americans think is most common in the KHL that isn't necessarily true?
For example, the payments.
There are some teams with some difficulties in payments.
They may pay you with, I don't know,
they will pay you for a month after
a month or something
like that. Well, that's what happened to me.
I mean, I got all
my money. I got all my money. It just
came way, way later than they said,
which wasn't a big deal for me,
but some guys were like, I need to get paid.
Are you saying that that's now pretty
much gone by the wayside
and payments are happening on time for all the teams?
Well, because the KHL itself, the league,
it monitors the situation.
It just makes the team pay at a time.
And Sochi, they have always been like a team
that pays once in four
for three months.
But they still pay. And you get paid
too.
By the way, no one
likes your thoughts on Russian
girls.
Oh, where I said
half of them are the hottest
women I've ever seen in my life?
They take the other half?
Okay, so instead of looking where I'm saying that they have the most beautiful women in the world,
they decide to then say that the other half are terrible.
I mean, I'm still complimenting them.
Yeah, I know that you're complimenting them,
but everyone thinks that all of the Russian girls
are the prettiest in the world, are the better ones.
Come on, Igor.
Now let's hook you up to a lie detector
and see if you bring that same energy.
I mean, you're telling me Olga
who's working in the fucking soup kitchen,
you know, the back cooking the soup,
or the borscht is a rocket launcher?
Come on, man.
Who's being real about it?
I'm a six in the looks department.
But when I'm looking at a bunch of tens and a bunch of twos,
I'm thinking this is a wild scene.
I mean, usually you see some other sixes in my pattern.
But to look at what I saw over there, that was just my opinion.
People must hate me over there.
Whatever. It is what it is.
I just think that for an incredible league that is the second best league in the
world and for a country that produces
some of the greatest hockey players
we'll ever witness, there are
very, very funny cultural
differences from here and there
and that we bring them up, we make
people laugh. If you guys want to take it
personal, so be it. Just
please do not send anyone to come kill
me because I have a family
by the way what cultural difference you still remember the most i remember going into the
supermarket and looking for some chicken and the chicken not being wrapped and being right in a
fridge all touching each other skin on skin skin. That was a real factor.
I also remember checking the milk aisle and having the milk being all up for display
and all the bottles, they were already expired.
That was a cultural difference.
And the driving.
The driving was kind of a gong show.
I feel like Russia, there is no rules on the road.
That's for sure.
That's for sure.
There we go. We can agree on something. can all right what another question drive what if even if you drive to Europe you will
mention the difference the big difference is okay what about what about what about when um
my driver got pulled over and then just had to pay the police officer some money that happens that
happens you know it i i can't tell you it's in the past it still is there but uh less and less
people want to to pay because uh they think if you pay you would just uh dry the corruption with it
if you don't pay that's better for you, better for the police officer, better for everyone.
It's just a mental approach that changes here through the time.
What about who's the best North American to ever play in the KHL?
Nigel Dawes?
Oh, yeah.
I think he is one of the best snipers here.
He scores a lot of points.
He's a true leader who played for Baris,
who drives them to the playoffs.
Now he's an after-mobility.
He's a true leader there.
One of the best pure goal scorers who have ever played in our league.
He's also a very
funny and very
positive guy.
By the way,
he doesn't say any bad things on
Russia or Kazakhstan.
He's living there.
Here,
some of the team imports,
they think that
Peter Holland said this to me, who now plays for OptumBill as well as DOS.
It's all the question of approach.
When you come with an open mind, it goes easy for you.
So you just don't find some things too bad.
But when you come and when you expect bad things
to happen, bad things
will happen. When you try some bad things
to find, you will find them.
Of course, he has a Russian
wife and he came
to Russia because of her.
But still.
Igor, just to go back to Nazarov
for a minute.
I felt like he was more or less kind of defending the motherland in his body more than anything else.
Would you agree with that?
Maybe he's looking for a job, you know.
He wants to have some attention.
And that attention he brings defending Russiaussia defending his clubs defending his players
but so some of the words you say um i can agree with them some not i mean i'd be down to meet
this guy and one thing i was disappointed about when all this stuff came out was i'll never be
able to go to russia again and i think that there's some places that i definitely want to see
like saint petersburg i heard moscow moscow is incredible so petersburg's incredible the same or be able to go to Russia again. And I think that there's some places that I definitely want to see, like St. Petersburg.
I heard Moscow.
Moscow's incredible.
St. Petersburg's incredible.
The same way we think about maybe women over there,
which we said there's like really, really good,
and there's really, really bad.
Yeah, maybe we've been a little bit hard on some of the cities over there,
but there's some beautiful places.
So do you think that we would be safe if maybe we came over and showed the lighter side of Russia and did like a bunch of
content pieces and maybe me and Nazarov face off in a in like a fun charity game or something where
we can like let's patch this up and let's start embracing each other's cultural differences
you know we are very friendly if you come with open mind, if you would like to tell some stories about Russia,
those would be good stories.
No one will offend you.
I'm pretty sure in that.
And, you know, you have a lot of fans here.
By the way, Paul, I remember I first met you in 2010
when you came to Riga to play against Dinamo Riga
with Phoenix Coyotes.
You want to talk about beautiful women.
That crowd.
I don't even know if I played 10 shifts in that game
because we actually were able to dress 13 forward,
so I was the odd guy out.
That was when Sandus Ojalins was captain there, correct?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Buddy, I was looking in the crowd the entire game.
Is it Latvia?
Yeah, it's Latvia.
It still has a KHL team.
It's still the Navariga, but it's a separate country.
It's in the European Union.
I don't know if it's a rumor and just one of those things that spread around,
but apparently for some reason, Riga Latvia has the beautiful most beautiful women on the planet
because at the time way back when they had like a king or something and he would have his his uh
his men go and like capture all the hottest chicks around and bring them to riga is that true
yeah that's that's not true.
See, that's the only part of history I know is when it involves women.
I want to ask you... Riga is my hometown.
I was born there.
Oh, really?
I lived there for 30 years.
And that's why I wasn't at that game at the time.
And I don't remember what I asked you at the moment
because I remember what Ilya Brizgalov told me
and he said that De Amarillo would be bad last in the NHL.
And I don't remember what you have said to me.
Oh, I was probably talking about the women.
But what's the king's name that brought all the women over?
Because we're already getting it.
I think Grinnelli's printing the shirts as we speak.
Because this guy deserves a shirt.
Once again, please.
What was the king's name who took all the...
Biz wants to make a shirt for a guy who stole hot women and brought them to his country.
No, no.
I think it was more of a like, hey, come to the party, and they were like, oh, sure.
Right? That's kind of how it was.
Yeah, yeah.
It is like that.
Absolutely. Thank you for confirming that.
Member's name.
Especially when you are
from some other country, when you speak
English, fluent English, they just
buy that and go up to you okay I got
one last question about Russia I I know Ovechkin's kind of probably coming up but who's the greatest
Russian player of all time where like the people of Russia he's the number one is it like if Fedorov's
got to be up there like who's the number Of course, it's Ovechkin.
He's the most popular ever, and he brings a lot of attention.
We all know that Sergei Fedorov was a special player, a very special player.
And even Wayne Gretzky called him the best player in the world.
It was, I think, in 1995.
But everyone loves Ovechkin because he's funny, he's a rock star,
he scores a lot of goals, and you don't need to watch games
to understand why he's really that great.
Because in terms of Fedorov, you need to watch those games
to see how good he is in defense, how versatile he is, how good he is as a player,
how high IQ he has.
With Ovechkin, you just see how he scores goals.
You don't need to watch games.
The highlights are enough for you.
That's why.
Well, thank you so much for joining.
I love you coming on, battling with us a little bit
and telling us that our lives are not in danger.
And as I've said before, I've given Russia some shit,
but I've also said some of the greatest hockey players to ever live.
A beautiful game.
They changed the way the game was played with the regroups
and everything that didn't happen in North America.
So I've also been very complimentary, but I appreciate you coming on and I wish you all the luck in reporting and
covering the KHL the rest of the year.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for inviting me.
No problem.
Absolutely.
If we can change and you can change,
everybody can change.
That was some Rocky.
Don't,
don't,
don't,
don't twist his words,
please.
Please understand that that was a movie reference.
Thanks. Thanks so much for joining us, Igor.
We really do appreciate it.
Thank you.
You're very welcome.
Thank you.
Bye-bye, then.
Take care.
Thanks again to Igor Aronko for joining us.
You know, he's a Moscow journalist.
They don't have freedom of the press like we do,
so, you know, he might have different repercussions
if he criticizes the league he works for, unlike us you know i i appreciate him coming on and talking yeah and i
understand that standpoint i guess that's why i was getting a little bit frustrated if that's what
you guys want to call it at the beginning was because it's like hey you're acting like this
stuff happened like 10 years ago and then i just asked you about the referees being corrupt recently
and like it's just like it gets laughed off where it's just like okay so like is it is it funny like or i think his laughs were like nervous yeah yeah right whereas like okay
it's not his first i guess what's the point of having you on if you're unable to actually say
what's going on so unfortunately for those guys over there they're kind of under a little bit
more scrutiny than the freedom we have as you mentioned all right well at least we're not
going to get killed now i think think. That was my main takeaway.
I feel safer.
Yeah, absolutely.
A couple quick notes.
Carter McDavid.
That's usually when they get you.
Yeah, exactly.
That could have been even more of a setup.
Letting our guard down.
Carter McDavid reached 400 points before his 23rd birthday,
took him 306 games.
Only seven players had more points prior to their 23rd birthday.
106 games.
Only seven players had more points prior to their 23rd birthday.
Gretzky, Dale Howichuk, Lemieux, Crosby, Trottier, Stevie Y, and Pierre Turgeon.
So Connor McDavid, I mean, he's passing these milestones like crazy.
We got to acknowledge him because of how fucking good he is. The second goal of the hat trick in Anaheim the other night,
he beats a guy wide, goes down on one knee, pops up,
and then starts skating backwards and just waiting out the goalie stick-hailing
and bringing it in and tucking it.
He made it look so easy.
He needs another league.
You know the occasional guy who's too good for the AHL
and never was able to make the NHL?
Well, this guy's too good for the NHL.
We need our upper league.
He can only play Olympics once they get that back.
No, so what if in 30 years,
like people considered the NHL watered down
and then they made a super league
and there was like 10 man teams
and it was the best 300 players in the world
as opposed to 700.
Hey, give me that pen.
Give me that fucking pen. Is this going
somewhere? Well, that's McDavid.
We'll call it the Spitting Chicklets League.
Yeah, exactly.
That wouldn't be bad. Biz is the commissioner.
Hey, we'll pay them in can I brands
and other
endorsements. Biz gives a guy
a 30 game suspension because he hasn't got laid
in two days and then he gets laid and then a guy
who murders someone on the ice
gets like a fine.
They're like,
oh man,
gotta get busy late
before he hands out
the suspensions.
Let's go back to that
second goal by Connor McDavid.
He's,
I mean,
he was skating like sideways
however he was doing that.
Yeah,
he just started backing up.
Connor McDavid's like a,
like going to the dealership
and then you,
instead of just getting the nice one on the lot,
you fucking check every option on the website,
and all of a sudden they're like,
oh, this one has this side parking thing
where it basically just parks itself.
Conor McDavid has that option on his hockey body
where he can now skate sideways.
So he's the fucking asshole who gets the Mercedes
that's completely, completely decked out.
So that's the way i look
at conor mcdavid in the in the the vehicle world yeah he fell down and got back up and
like i made the goalie look foolish it was pretty impressive uh another roster no toronto goalie
backup goalie michael hutchinson cleared waivers on tuesday he was sent down to the ahl mollies
kind of a tough bid for him i mean he oh four and one of the year all the starts were on the
second half of back-and-backs.
That's probably not setting up a guy for the most
success. Either way, he cleared waivers.
They recalled, let me get this
right, if I can pronounce it correctly, Kazimir
Kaskasuo from
the Mollies. He'll be getting his first career start soon.
You know, backup goalies,
they love that necktie, you know, but they
might want to try out some dude wipes to get
clean. As dudes, especially us hockey dudes, let's face it, we are stanky, disgusting humans.
So check out the dude brand for all your hygiene needs on and off the ice.
Dude, as seen on Shark Tank, are the creators of the infamous dude wipes.
The first flushable wipes for guys at home or on the go situations.
They also offer a full range of other products
to keep you fresh from head to toe.
Dude ball powder, Dude shower body wipes,
Dude deodorant spray for your body or nasty hockey bag,
and Dude face wipes.
Whether you're playing professionally in a men's league
or you hung up the skates and you're working that 9-to-5 gig,
Dude has something to offer all Dudes
for their daily hygiene routine.
You can find Dude in all major U.S. retailers nationwide,
such as Walmart, Target, Kroger, and or Amazon.com.
And for our Canadian friends up north,
Dude is on Amazon.ca and in sports check stores.
Or everyone can head to DudeProducts.com for a special checklist offer
and use the promo code H hockey20 for 20 off your
entire order it is good thing you're not playing for the Dallas Stars this year because you'd have
to cough up some dough uh Corey Perry played his 1000th game last night against Calgary unless he
pulled a hammy and warm-ups uh another guy had, what, seven or eight guys already. You played Worm, you call him.
Worm, oh, man.
That season where he won MVP was one of the biggest put a team on your back
and carry them.
The way Hall won MVP when he got the Devils into the playoffs
and went on that run, Perry scored over 50 that year and got Anaheim in.
He was so unreal for a long time in the league at
being able to anytime you think you had him he slithered right why is the worm he slithered
right past you right out of it you couldn't pin the guy it's like yeah like jello he's just always
getting through and he was able to be around the net and have total poise and just wait the guys
who can get it around i could
have poise carrying it through my defensive zone looking somebody off and firing firing one to a
center streaking through but if you ever got me the puck in like a little uh say a cross-ace pass
and a little mini breakaway that i decided to not off time one time i would panic like being around
the goalie worm was just perfection at waiting out and almost
waiting for the goalie to make the first move so it's been a crazy career to see it it's starting
to slow down a little bit but naturally uh he's of that crew of the greatest draft of all time in
2003 put it up against any other draft check it out I always say that to which we said I heard
the fourth the fourth round was very strong to which i think that we said earlier on one of these uh chicklets is there's a bunch of them that are going to hit a
thousand oh yeah i bet you have more than half the first round i'll hit a thousand games and and
with actually this year though so so this is funny i uh ron mclean when i was with him this weekend
told me a funny story about uh cory perry when i played against him in the omha finals oh
before the oh oh before the oh i i played against cory perry before he was drafted fourth overall
so you're 12 or 13 or 14 i was i was it was the year i was 14 15 and what's that called there
june june is that junior no i was i would call that i was playing bantam Major. Okay, that's Bantam Major. So we knew how sick the Peterborough Peets were.
And at this point, because we were playing in the OMHA Final, and Peterborough was hosting
the OHL Cup.
So the year before your Bantam draft, right, they would get together the seven best teams
in all of Ontario.
Before you would like wing your... That's sick. Oh, dude. Fans would probably come's sick oh dude probably come out but i mean fuck i know we talked about him already i believe
don cherry was it was a big fucking thing okay and every ohhl scout was going to be there so
it was such good exposure well we ended up playing against him in the omha final sorry to interrupt
i got one question is this you're playing for your hometown i'm playing for the well and fucking
every kid is playing in their
hometown, correct, at this time? Or are there travel
teams already? Well, we
being Welland how it was a little bit smaller,
kids from outside of town did
have the option to play for Welland. And we
had such good coaches at the time that kids
wanted to come there and develop. We had seven
guys off my Bantam team that were drafted to the
OHL. Yeah, that's big. We had a very
strong team. But Perry's Peterborough team, you're saying that's all probably kids from around Peterborough.
Yeah, because they're a lot bigger city than Welland.
And man, they were stacked.
All right, so the finals.
Boom.
They had Dale Hunter's kid.
So before that game of the OMHA final, Corey Perry's skates broke.
And back then, dude, you're a fucking kid.
Like, you're done.
You're not playing today like you're oh you're done you're not playing
today unless you could find well sure as shit this guy from well and mr skelton just so happened to
be at the arena that day he wasn't with us he ended up giving cory perry the the same size skates
and this fucker ended up getting a hat trick against us and they ended up beating a seven six
your fan gave him the skates you know a guy from welland and and he was able to play and he ended up getting
a hat trick and i'm pretty sure the seventh goal was his goal we ended up scoring one late to make
it close i had two tucks in that game yeah you drafted that's the first time i had ever i'd ever
been approached by an agent and were you like dude i might do this they're like so the thing
about but you wouldn't have wanted to beat him without perry like it's true you had you want
the kid to get to the skate but that was my first ever experience of cory perry and i was like holy
shit this guy's the real fucking deal and then to find out he did it on somebody else's skates
is even crazier we mentioned he got drafted, what was it, fourth overall?
No, no, he was like middle of the first round, I think.
I think he was drafted fourth overall to the London Knights in the OHL draft.
Had an unbelievable junior career.
They ended up winning the Memorial Cup the one year where I don't think they lost a fucking game.
And, of course, an amazing NHL career.
So congratulations to him.
I just wanted to give you guys that little story about how good this kid was when he was younger.
He also is the definition of pregame routine stays the same.
Buddy, you could time it to the second, and he would be sitting where he always sits eating the protein bar.
And then 27 seconds later, he would be sitting where he always sits taping his stick.
And then after the intermission, it'd be the exact same second on the clock
when he'd put his right elbow pad on.
I mean, this guy was a robot during games.
And it's funny, some people get like that,
and then as the success continues to come, they'll never change.
So I wonder, I'm guessing he's still the same way before games.
All right.
Thank you to Mr. Skelton for bending us over in the OMAJ final.
And being a good guy.
Speaking of 1,000 games, Biz, next guest, if he stays on schedule,
barring any major injuries, he's going to pass 1,000 games next year,
Jakey Voracek.
Well, I think after you hear this interview,
you're going to be excited for the celebration of his 1,000th game.
Oh, yeah.
Because this is awesome.
So thank you very much.
Here's Jake Voracek.
Our next guest is now in his 12th nhl season and his eighth as a philadelphia flyer an all-star forward he's averaged
0.75 points per game in his career not too shabby he's a legend in his native czech republic and
he's becoming a legend here in philadelphia as well thanks for joining us on spit and chiclets
jacob vorchek thanks, for having me. Absolutely.
I was waiting for this day for a long time.
Listen, I was told a long time ago by one of our most famous recurring guests, Mike Commodore,
you got to get Voracek on.
This guy, apparently these two were just boys back in the Columbus days.
So right away you hit it off with Commie.
Well, I had no choice uh you know i uh i mean i made a team and uh you know the older guys were picking uh roommates for the uh for the road obviously and uh you know commie
picked me how lucky i was he's like this guy looks at me so when they check the surveillance of people
coming in on time it might look like i'm i was actually actually home before 12 o'clock but
little did he know is you were going to be his running mate.
Yeah.
You know, Colm, I would say he was top three guys I ever played with.
You guys, he's awesome.
He's a great guy.
He's so loyal.
He's funny, too.
Like, fuck.
I had a lot of fucking laughs with him.
You caught him kind of in a weird time where he was getting screwed over a little bit in Columbus.
He was throwing money at himself in a dark closet.
Well, at least that's how he says it.
No, he did.
I'll get to that later.
But, you know, my first year, it was his first year in Columbus.
So we were roommates.
He was playing first deep air with Jan Heida.
He was having an amazing season.
Right?
And he was getting fucked over third year when Scott Arniel got hired.
So, yeah, they didn't like each other very much.
Well, he told me a funny story about you two.
He said the front office, Whit, he used to be all over me about Vorchek diet.
He goes, this guy would crush six bags of peanut MM's in the room on the road.
And I used to catch the heat from everyone.
So he was always getting shit on about your diet.
Yeah, he did.
I wasn't really a good pro back in the day, I would say.
But I cleaned up a little bit.
Otherwise, I wouldn't be playing right now.
Yeah, but they were asking him all the time, what am I eating?
If I'm drinking, what am I doing at the rooms?
What time am I going to bed?
Yeah, vodka, champagne.
And commie would never bury you, right?
Oh, that's what I'm saying.
How would they know you're eating six bags of peanut MMs?
No, commie's telling me that.
Commie's telling me that, but the front office would be like,
what's this kid eating?
And he's like, meanwhile, how do we get to the room?
And he's pounding MMs.
Well, when I was younger, I always had a problem with body fat, right?
Me too.
Yeah, tell me about it.
Coming from the Czech, I mean, when you look at the Czech food,
I mean, we had the boys over there in the beginning of October for a season opener.
I was like, now you guys fucking understand why my body fat was always high
until I get my shit together, right?
For the last five, six years.
So, yeah, but, you know, we had a lot of fun with Kami.
Like I said, he was one of the best, and, you know,
there was a lot of good stories that obviously you can you know tell them all but some of them let's
talk about check and growing up there and playing i mean we were talking about the world premiere
games recently and how uh posternok ended up going to watch the the 09 uh 09 10 11 bruins when the
bruins play the coyotes yeah and now next year they're opening up there like full circle for
the kids right like i mean like full circle for the kids.
Right.
I mean, did you get the experience in watching any NHL games live?
Who were your inspirations growing up?
Because, I mean, there's a ton of unbelievable Czech players.
Well, I'm from the same town as Jagr, right?
Oh, Kladno?
Yeah.
So during the 90s, when communism fell apart in 89,
that's when Jagr stepped in in 90, right?
1990.
He got drafted.
He started playing.
He was becoming one of the best players.
So you get that TV coverage back home from the NHL,
and he was the number one player.
So there was him, you know, everywhere.
So obviously he was the number one along with Dominic Hasek.
And, you know, Pittsburgh, my most favorite team.
And, you know, he was just crushing it.
I think he was the best player in the 90s back in the day.
And, yeah, it was a lot of fun.
So, you know, when I got to play with him my first year in Philly,
it was a lot of fun as well.
Didn't Hasek win a gold medal at the Olympics?
Yeah, 98.
For the Czech Republic?
Where were you when that happened?
That must have been
I was eight years old.
I was, because of a time change, I was in Japan.
So the finals, it was in like 5.30 a.m.
So basically, all country was up at 5.30 a.m. watching hockey.
Do you remember that kind of clearly even?
I think everybody remembers that day.
So because it was the first gold medal in the history of Czech Republic,
like Czechoslovakia, hockey medal, gold medal.
And yeah, it was, till now it's been 21 years
and everybody's remembering that day.
I heard stories when Jagr was younger,
like he'd do like a thousand squats a day.
Like there were just like old stories about him
all from where you grew up.
Like people must've known so many different things about him.
A hundred push-ups thousand squats
yeah yeah his dad was uh you know i think one time he was telling him that if you do that he's
gonna buy him new skates so he started training and he actually did it so uh i tried to do it
one time when i was like 11 or 10 i passed the fuck out by like 7 by 7 30 so i was like fuck this
like it's not worth it.
We talked about, obviously, a lot of Canadians and Americans here,
not a ton of euros.
What was a typical day for a young Jake Voracek in Czech Republic?
What did you do as a kid all the time?
Was it just hockey or just other shit?
In the winter, it was hockey.
In the summer, I played tennis and soccer.
So I was always surround myself with sports,
which I don't think the kids do much these days.
Yeah, they seem to focus on just one nowadays.
Yeah, just Fortnite and fucking, you know, and those kind of stuff.
So, yeah, so it was tennis, soccer, and summer hockey in the winter.
By 13, I choose, obviously, hockey.
I think that was the right decision.
Is that when you kind of started separating from the rest of the pack when people realized okay this kid's better than everybody else yeah i was always playing with uh two three
years older guys and uh you know you never know until you really make it that you're gonna make
it one day so i was starting slowly you know i played juniors i won a scoring race there then i
went to halifax you know i started pretty good there and you know got drafted but when i was
skating my first game in Dallas,
my first couple of shifts, I was like,
holy fuck, I made it to the show.
No way.
I was looking around, Modano was flying with his jersey behind him.
I was like, wow, this is real.
Growing up in Canada and America,
you started playing on travel teams at 11 and 12.
You're going to Canada for tournaments or different states.
Would you just play in Czech or were you going to terms in sweden or russia was it always just
within your country well well around like 13 14 16 you started traveling a little bit with czech
you 17 18 then the world juniors right but uh i didn't get to canada for first time until i went
to halifax so when i went to Halifax, it was my first time.
I saw my first NHL game in Ottawa.
They played Vancouver.
That was 2006, I think.
2007, maybe.
I can't remember right now.
It gets a little foggy.
It does.
It's going down the road.
So how does a young kid even get over to the Quebec League?
I mean, how did that all come about when you're like,
all right, let's go play junior before my draft?
My agent, Peter Svoboda, he asked me if I want to.
No way.
Yeah.
He's a legend, too.
Oh, my God.
I've heard.
So I know his daughter, Sarah.
And she's like, you got to get my dad on.
Well, she said this a long time ago.
I ran into her.
But he is a legend.
I've heard some funny stories.
He's a funny fucker, too.
Okay, we'll get him on.
It's more, right now, it's more like a friendship relationship than agent and player, right?
Just what you want.
Exactly, by the down road, you don't want to hit 30.
That's exactly what you're looking for.
So he asked me if I want to go to, like, play CHL.
I was like, well, don't let me think about that.
So I was always a mama's boy.
So she didn't take it very well.
But you wanted to.
I wanted to.
I thought it was the right decision for me,
and I think it paid off pretty good.
And you were drafted to Halifax?
I was drafted first overall to junior.
That must have been such a fun city to play in.
That's one of the top junior teams in the CHL.
It's a decent city.
There's a pulse there.
I would say, other than Winnipeg,
maybe the most underrated women in all of Canada.
Biz knows.
Biz knows.
Well, we were there this summer.
I mean.
Biz knows.
Halifax.
Halifax.
It was awesome, man.
Like, I had a great billet, which was a good start.
You know, I mean, you know, for them, you got to give them credit to take on a kid that
doesn't speak any fucking English, right?
No shit.
You didn't speak a lick then?
No, nothing.
So I showed up there.
It's great now.
I didn't understand anything.
You speak French too?
All I wanted to know
if I'm going to have
my six pack in the fridge
at night
and I'll be good.
You know what I mean?
So I always like to have
like one or two beers
at night
since the young age.
And my dad was always
telling me,
you'll sleep better, buddy.
Go on.
Have a couple, man.
You'll sleep better. Your dad Have a couple man You'll sleep better
Alright so
Your dad did?
Yeah my dad yeah
Instead of like popping
You know NBN
Or whatever
Try to fall asleep
Have a couple beers
Man you'll feel better
How young were you
When you started crushing
A few before bed?
Be honest
12 years old?
No I don't know
It's different back home right?
I was a tall guy
Obviously but
Yeah I would say What is the drinking age? 18 Oh okay Doesn't matter It's different back home, right? I was a tall guy, obviously, but yeah, I would say.
What is the drinking age?
18.
Oh, okay.
It doesn't matter.
It's Czech, right?
Yeah, it's, well, I was playing with three years older.
So, you know, at AAA juniors, they were 17, 18.
I was 14.
There you go.
They were always after Saturday.
It's like high school hockey, kind of.
A freshman makes a team and a senior is taking them out.
I mean, 14 years old, I had a few watching the boob tube before bed.
I was in Braintree.
He was in Prague or Kladno.
I mean, there's a little different lifestyle.
To be honest, I got to give myself credit.
I always knew whatever happened that night, the next day,
I got to put a work in since the young age.
Old school from the beginning.
So no matter what happened, I kind of had my head locked in
and knew what I needed to do to sweat it out.
You're like the Czech Chelios.
Yeah, I hear stories about him too.
He's the Czech Chelios.
Hey, you remind me a lot.
I don't know if you're friends with Hemsky, but I got to play with Hammer.
He was the same way.
Hammer loved his beers, but he worked his dick off and was always ready to play.
And I love that guy.
But you just, are you buddies with him?
Yeah, I know him.
We played a couple of times.
We played the Olympics together.
We were all, not the World Cup, but the World Championship.
And yeah, he's a funny guy too.
He is easygoing, you know, with a bag and just a beauty.
Nothing really bothers him, you know?
No, not at all.
What was the culture shock like going from Czech Republic to Halifax
and barely speaking any English?
How long did that take to adjust?
Well, I got lucky because when I stepped on the
well, let's back it up a little bit.
So I showed up in Halifax.
I don't speak any English.
There's a training camp starting, right?
So I walk in
I'm about
buck 80
right
6'2
buck 80
29 body fat
no no
I was skinny
I was skinny
I was skinny
and
so first guy I see
is Kirk Forrest
which was our tough guy
back in the day
and
he's about 6'5
230 lean
right
so I'm like
what the fuck
am I gonna do here like are you the fuck am I going to do here?
Like, are you guys serious?
Like, I want to go home.
This guy's in the same league as me?
Yeah, he scares me.
When he steps on the ice, obviously, you know,
he was tripping off, you know, his own feet.
But, like, I stepped on, I was like, all right,
I can probably make something happen here.
And I, you know, confidence built up, and I started playing.
And I enjoy every single game and every single day in Halifax.
It was awesome.
So regular season game-wise, to adapt to North American style of play didn't take you very long?
I started 11-game point streak in Halifax.
What's this league?
Is that good?
So I got lucky because for a European guy, right?
Like, obviously, you're taking jobs away from the guys that live there, right?
So if you're good enough, obviously they know that you're there to help them.
You know, the team help, and like you're going to find a way to help them win some games.
So I kind of gained respect, I would say, you know, in training camp,
the way I was playing, and everybody took it easy on me. It's true because if you go in as an import where they use a high pick and you don't
do anything it's easier to be resentful in terms of this guy's not even talking to any of us and
not that that's your fault but some guys get lucky in that they'll come over from europe to the chl
and there'll be another countryman on the team but there was no other czech guys it was it was i was
i was lucky so he was translating. So that was kind of necessary.
It was nice.
It was nice.
And everybody was trying to help me to get better in English.
And really, all the guys were kind of nice to me.
So it was a good feeling.
Was it more watching TV or just in the locker room where you really learned?
Locker room, but more like, well, the hockey stuff, you kind of pick up right away.
It's the same shit all the time.
Chip it in, chip it in yeah we had a czech kid on our team for uh and he was drafted the import
draft and i fell back because he just really wasn't adapting well and uh one of his last
practice chris thorburn was skating ahead of him and this tomas chubby do you know who that is
who tomas chubby was his name ch Chabi? He's from the Czech Republic.
Chabi?
Chabi.
That doesn't sound like a Czech Republic name.
Well, maybe I was saying his name wrong the entire time I was playing with him then.
That's why the kid hated it.
It's like this fucking guy's calling me Chabi.
I'm not Chabi.
I remember he was a smelly fellow too, but Chris Thorburn was skating and this Tomas Chabi
kid, if I'm saying it right, was back checking, he slid his lip from here to here.
He wasn't playing well.
He wasn't getting a lot of ice time.
And I think that's what did him in.
I thought maybe you would have known him.
You know what?
It can be really easy to be like, fuck this.
I'm going back.
Yeah.
So, you know, like I said, my billets were great.
They were just here a couple of weeks last week.
Oh, you're still friendly with them.
That's awesome.
They're like my second parents.
That's awesome. So then, you know, friendly with them. That's awesome. They're like my second parents. That's awesome.
So then the team was great.
I was having a good time.
Everything kind of just fell in, and I really enjoyed every day of it.
So your draft year, that was after your second year?
My first year.
Okay, so after your first year.
So you go back, light it up that year so you're ready for the NHL.
You get to Columbus, and you're a really high pick. I i mean looking at it now and the player you've turned into would you not say they
gave up on you a little bit early well it's tough to say there was a problem like commie was saying
with uh with the coach right there a little bit i uh from what i remember uh by november we were
playing against detroit for the the first place in a conference, right?
We lost the game 2-1 or 2-0, something like that.
And since then, we went downhill.
Like, we started losing.
There was bad atmosphere.
And I don't think it was handled properly from the coaching staff there towards Komi or towards me.
I mean, you know.
But like I said, sometimes the change happens for a reason.
And I'm very glad it happened, though.
Do you think you got grouped in because you and Kami were so close
and he had it out for Kami,
and he probably knew you guys were hanging out away from the rink?
It's a possibility.
I don't think it was only me, but after I got traded here,
there was some other guys.
There was Brass, Derek Brassard.
He was getting shit on as well the next year.
Is it true Arneal told you you're going to be out of the league in two years?
In two years, yeah.
This is 12 years later and a bunch of millions.
Yeah, he told me that.
Like, come on, buddy.
What are you talking about?
So was he just  that's the type of guy he was?
Or do you think maybe the situation got a bit overwhelming for him?
I think the pressure got to him, in my opinion know there was his first year as a head coach he wanted to
prove himself you know that he's a good coach started well and all of a sudden then you you
know but next year you know reportedly he was yelling at the guys that they stealing money
from his family and yeah i remember we lost the game before christmas and he goes like merry
fucking christmas and left the locker room.
Like, you know.
Like, we didn't want to lose.
Yeah.
We wanted to win before Christmas, coach.
Well, now I kind of do a little bit,
so you're not here anymore.
It was kind of hard.
Like, I was, I knew I was a little bit under his radar,
and he, I played two games.
I had three points before Christmas,
or after Christmas, I can't remember right now. And he helped me scratch me, back-to- three points before Christmas or after Christmas.
I can't remember right now.
And he helped me scratch me back to back games, right?
After Christmas.
I was like, well, I,
you know, I had three points
in the last two games.
I think I played pretty good.
He was like, oh, you didn't.
Blah, blah, blah, whatever.
So I got healthy.
And since then,
I think the relationship
kind of started falling apart.
And then by April,
he'll told me I'll be out of league
in two years
if I don't get my shit together,
which I don't know what his M.E. until today.
But I think I proved him wrong.
I think it worked out.
But before him, you played a couple years for Hitch.
What was it like playing for him?
Did you like it?
You know what?
When I look at it back in the day, when you're 19, 20,
you don't really understand what the coach wants from you.
Why is he giving you a hard time?
But I've got to give him credit that I wouldn't be the player I am right now
if I didn't have it when I was that young.
Really?
Specifically what?
Just the way he pushed you?
Just hard.
Pushed me hard on you.
You kind of don't understand.
You can wrap your head around it at the beginning, right?
So, I mean, you're focusing on a little bit more details
because as a young guy, you're usually all over the place, right?
You do whatever the fuck you want.
Yeah, you don't worry about defense.
Especially a guy like you just creating offense.
Yeah, you know, and he was harping, harping, harping,
and, you know, he helped me in a lot of things.
So you get there, and obviously you meet Hitch.
Is it hard for you to take him seriously, maybe when he's giving you advice as a hockey player considering, like, I mean, he's clearly never played, right?
Is that part of where you're like, is this guy really telling me what he thinks is right and that I should be doing?
Like, were you not trusting him off the hop?
Well, I think the record for him, you know, speaks.
I mean, he's, I don't know on an all-time list how many wins he's got.
Sure, yeah, of course.
But, like, you look at him as a respectful coach that won the Cup,
and I could see it at the beginning.
Like, we made a playoff straightaway, you know,
but, you know, with him yapping, yapping, yapping,
I mean, it gets on your nerves a little bit sometimes.
For me, I was young.
I had to keep my mouth shut.
But the older guys, sometimes they didn't take it very well.
Did you ever end up telling him to fuck off?
Because he seemed to like when players would tell him to fuck off.
It happened a couple of times.
It happened a couple of times.
But he never...
That's the difference between the coaches, right?
He never takes it personally.
Right, right.
He likes it the way you are in the game,
and it's just a different approach from those guys.
Yeah, because you're showing fire.
Like, okay, this guy cares.
He's telling you to fuck off.
Yeah, it was a couple times that happened.
I'm not going to lie.
Revo was saying that one time.
Like Revo, who was young too at the time, was St. Louis.
He turned around and was pretty vicious.
And the next day, they were in the hallway, I think,
walking out to practice, and Revo was like,
hey, man, sorry about saying that.
He's like, I don't know what you're talking about.
So he just watered off a duck's back.
Yeah, he's, like I said, it's the old school type, right?
Yeah.
You get into that, you try to win the game, you try to do the same thing.
When you got traded here, what did you know about Philly when you got traded here?
Yeah, were you fired up to get traded too at that point?
Well, I had no idea, right?
I mean, I was training in Montreal, and I got a phone call from development coach Tyler Wright.
You guys probably remember him, right?
So that's before the draft.
That's the day before the draft.
So he called me. He was like, how are you feeling? I was like, yeah, I feel great. I've been here for two weeks already. So that's before the draft. That's the day before the draft. So he called me.
He was like, how are you feeling?
I was like, yeah, I feel great.
I've been here for two weeks already, and that's before draft.
So I've been here two weeks.
I'll be here for three months.
You're staying all summer?
In Montreal, yeah, three months.
Yeah, yeah.
Decent city.
Yeah, I'll be ready.
I'm really focusing on preparing for the season.
And he was like, perfect, perfect.
Let me call you in five minutes. I was like right so i hung up the phone went to sit on the couch
he's calling me uh scott housing's calling me five minutes later like oh jake we traded you
to philadelphia he's like what did i say i was like like this is a joke or something like what
the fuck happened like in those five minutes call me what i mean so i got traded for car uh and uh you know along with first round and third rounder and uh
you know kind of talked with the other guys from columbus and uh what a deal for philly on that
by the next year by the next year half of the team was fucking traded so yeah so just to get
draft picks along with you and then Carter's out of there By Christmas time
And what a wild time
That was
And I'll be in Couturier
Which is one of the best
Oh my god
That was the pick?
Ouch
Holy shit
He's one of the best
Centers in the league right now
Traded to Philly by Columbus
You want to start
Pumping some teammates' tires
Right now?
Yeah what's Hazy been like
Since he got into the room?
He doesn't shut up
He just fucking He keeps talking and talking, man.
I'm sitting beside him on a plane, too.
He's the worst car player.
He's losing every flight.
He's just pissed off.
Well, he can afford it now.
Yeah, he's living a life right now.
So you spend your summers in Czech now?
Czech, about two months in Czech, then I move to Montreal.
So you own a place in Montreal.
I just rented out.
All right, so that's just your spot.
You've got to be hanging out with Kalorn a little bit in the offseason, don't you?
We skate together.
Alex Kalorn, we skate together.
He's a good golfer, too.
Great.
Is he a good golfer?
Yeah, he's a great golfer.
He's a scratch handicap right there.
Okay.
Okay, well, one sec.
Let's go back to the music thing.
So you're the DJ
in the locker room
I'm a DJ in the locker room
oh Hazy must be
fighting for that
a little bit
no
oh man
he's got about
500 less games than me
so
he doesn't
he's got nothing on me
you never had a coach
telling you
you're out of the league
in two years
yeah
so I play my rock and roll
after meetings
and
but he's in the locker room
he's there with me.
I blast it up all the way up and just Springsteen, ACDC.
Oh, you're old school then, huh?
Yeah, he's got a couple of good dance moves as well.
Who are your three favorite rock bands?
Rock bands.
ACDC, U2.
Oh, yeah, nice.
And I got to go...
Bruce Springsteen Kind of has a fucking
Rock band
Yeah
Yeah sure
Right
Yeah
Oh god yeah
Well I ran into this guy
At Oceaga one year
I'd actually forgot about it
It was at
Buonanotte
Which was a supper club
And I mean
If you couldn't get
It was like the
Montreal Roxy
If you couldn't get laid
You had to check your
Fucking dick in
At the coat check
On the way out
Yeah get out of the room.
And never use it again.
That was fun.
That was a good night.
So you must be a big live music guy.
Who are some people you've seen in concert?
Like, who are the best you've seen?
Springsteen 15 times.
Wow, huh?
Holy shit.
So if he's playing, you're going.
I'm going anywhere.
I saw him twice on Broadway.
I saw him live.
Was that Broadway show sick?
It was good.
It was different.
So for people who don't know,
I think it was a really small...
How many people were in there?
500 people.
500, that's cool.
Small venue.
He talks about his stories
and plays some songs.
It was a little bit different.
It was good, though.
Good to see.
What about Eddie Vedder?
You a big Eddie Vedder guy?
I never see Pearl Jam.
No.
No, I'm not...
I never got into that.
You never got into that grunge rock?
I saw ACDC. One of the last concerts they had, and that was unbelievable.
ACDC with Brian Johnson.
In Europe or over here?
In Berlin.
Oh, Jesus.
So you're very old school, but is there any new bands?
There's a Philly band, War on Drugs.
Are they from Philly?
There's a Philly band.
Are they from Philly?
Hey, there's a sick Philly band. Are they from Philly? There's a Philly band. Are they from Philly? Hey, there's a sick Philly band.
Are they from Philly?
I think they're having a war on drugs right now, Biz.
Time out.
Biz is on his own war on drugs.
What do you mean?
No.
No, no.
Hazy said Sammy Adams that he's not because he's a Boston guy.
He's a Boston guy.
I like one song from him.
Which one?
What's the name?
Driving Me Crazy. You know why?
Because the background is from the
Annie Lennox song, right? Walking on
Broken Glass. So that's the background
of his song. He's kind of redone it
and so the melody is still there.
So that's why I like it. Holy shit,
Voracek. You play the guitar?
I don't. Can you sing us
something? Air guitar. I got a video of him ripping the guitar? Yeah. I don't. I don't. Can you sing us something? Air guitar.
I got a video of him ripping the air guitar with a hockey stick.
4 a.m. in Bar 23 in Columbus.
I had a couple of good nights there.
Everybody's cleaning up.
I plug my phone in and I was just rocking and rocking.
It was a good time back in the day.
Can you sing us like a quick verse of a Bruce String song?
I can.
I can.
But just for us though.
We won't even play the video on it.
I'll fucking tell you whatever you want.
I can't sing.
I can't sing.
I have a terrible voice, and then it just, you know.
No, what we'll do is we'll go to Czech or Montreal,
play a little golf, get buckled with him,
and then we'll get him singing when we're all drunk.
We'll go to a karaoke bar.
Yeah.
That's a good idea.
Who are some modern bands?
You've got to give us a couple. Nothing. I absolutely hate modern music. I'm the same Yeah. That's a good idea. Who are some modern bands? You got to give us a-
Nothing.
I absolutely hate modern music.
I'm the same way.
I'm the same.
It's fucking old school.
What's wrong with you?
Old school is the best school.
No, I mean-
Hazy's nothing.
Nothing is good music.
Hazy knows like little B-O-B-J-O-J.
He knows every little rapper with a little, little guy.
You a Zeppelin fan?
You must be a Zeppelin guy.
I love a lot of Zeppelin.
Yeah.
So when Hazy showed up, he was like, he started playing his iPhone in the locker room, right?
Like, you know, hip-hop and that kind of shit.
So I go like, hey, do you want to fly here, buddy?
Yeah, he's a Post Malone tattoo.
It's not going to fly here, buddy.
Like, come on.
Get that shit out of here.
You won't even give him a couple?
What if he gets to pick a couple songs and you guys go on this massive win streak?
He gets one from 5 to 5.15.
That's all he gets. 5pm to
5.15 before the PK meeting and then
he's done. Holy shit, you run a tight
system here. Hey, because he's like
alright, let's PK. I'll worry about power play.
We can do the power play. I'm not even invited to
PK.
Last
music question. What's the one song you play before you go out for warm-up?
What's it this year?
I know what change is.
I was the DJ in Arizona.
Made playoffs three years in a row.
Keep the fucking change.
The one song I think all the guys know that I play on most nights,
I would say 70 times out of 82 games,
is Atlantic City by Bruce Springsteen.
The live version,
MTV Unplugged.
That's one of the best versions.
Love it.
That's a jam.
Does it get you boys going
because of Hazy and JVR?
Hazy catches a quick nap
right when the song comes on.
I actually really appreciate
his music decisions now.
Yeah.
It's growing on you.
I'm the only one in the locker room
when he plays it.
I could throw on you.
Because they started warming up, right?
So I got that 15 minutes just for me, and I'm enjoying it.
It depends on the mood, right?
Well, so you're an old school guy.
I mean, you can just sense it talking to you.
And these new young guys, they come in with, I'll say, swagger, confidence, a little cockiness.
Do you let them hear a little bit, or are you more just, all right, I'm going to deal with how the current young age is?
Well, I feel like some of them, or most of them, they are kind of like at the beginning, they are scared of me a little bit for some kind of reason.
They probably know you're the guy who'll snap on them.
I snap a lot.
You can ask, hey, is he like, I have a little bit of an anger problem.
You're like Ladislav's meat a little bit.
A lot of these fucked up.
He's the best.
He's the best.
Yeah.
But, yeah, so I snag
but I'm fine
in 5-10 seconds
right
so they don't know that
but
yeah a couple times
I had a couple fucking matches
with some of the guys
but it's so different now
than when you came in
then everybody's tapping
you're told
hey you can't say
you can't do this
you can't
come on
they're gonna be scared
like
nobody fucking asked me that
when I was young
when I got yelled at
right
deal with it
yeah exactly I mean I don't mean it in a bad way yeah you're becoming part of the team Nobody fucking asked me that when I was young, when I got yelled at. Right? Deal with it. Yeah, exactly.
I mean, I don't mean it in a bad way.
Yeah, it's just you're becoming part of the team.
Figure it out.
Yeah.
Like, I mean, just fucking pass the puck.
It's easy.
Who's your favorite young guy right now?
Favorite young guy.
There's always one young guy you favor and you're not as hard to and you give him benefit of the doubt.
And maybe if he forgot to pick up his towel, you text him like, hey, I'll get it.
Like jokingly as opposed to like, hey, Ching Ching, motherfucker.
He's not that young anymore, but Scott Lawton was always great.
Lawton was always great.
He's old school as well.
He was always great since the get-go.
You know, Connick Nees, Nolan Patrick was awesome.
He's a handsome devil too.
Is he doing all right with the ladies?
I don't look at him like that.
I don't know.
Well, I'm saying it's like I know which guys I want to roll with
because you're getting residuals, right?
He doesn't talk much, you know.
Okay.
So he keeps it to himself.
Connect me quiet?
Or is he a little chirpy guy?
He's chirpy.
He's a little slow, though, you know, in a good way, though.
You know what I mean?
He's not the shiniest, brightest guy.
Not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
No, and he knows that, but he's a great dude.
Me and Simmer always had a good time together.
Oh, man.
We were roommates, too, and that was actually one story.
I hope he's not going to get mad at me, but all my teammates know this story.
So we got traded in the span of an hour, right?
I got traded first.
An hour later, he got traded with Braden Shen for Richards.
So we get to Philly.
We're talking about where we're going to live, and then we had to pick a roommate.
So we were like, oh, you want to be together?
He was like, yeah, sure.
So we end up as roommates.
So we go to Florida to do a team building right so we get absolutely buckled all right it's about 3 30 a.m simmer is already in his room in our room so i showed up back in
a room he's looking at me like that like you know we're just like that star in his eyes i was like
hold and i don't know him right i'm fucking i'm that's the first night with him you know as a roommate like you know
wayne simmons i was like fuck what did i do he's looking at me he's like where's my fucking ketchup
like what see me i don't know what you're talking about give me my fucking ketchup
it's 3 30 a.m right like i'm'm like, I'm waking up in three hours.
We have a golf, you know, the next morning.
I was like, Simmer, like, I don't know what the fuck is going on right now.
Like, I don't know what you're talking about.
Just, I want to go to Batman.
So I get under the sheets.
He's staring me down.
He's staying over.
Give me my fucking ketchup right now.
I was like, fuck, man.
He's going to beat me up.
Like, what the fuck?
Should I start looking for ketchup around the fucking hotel or what?
So then he lays down.
He's like, my fucking ketchup, man.
I was like, fuck, man.
Ten minutes later, knock on the door.
The fucking room service rolls in with the fucking hamburger and everything.
Oh, there's my fucking ketchup, man.
So he had a hamburger waiting for ketchup, but wanted me to give him the ketchup.
I had no idea what was going on because i just showed up so the next morning i woke i was like
simmer like man like what what was that he was like what i was like well he wanted the fucking
ketchup he was like oh man that's all good man that's just me like when i'm drunk it's okay
all right buddy we'll we'll find a way you know sooner or later i'm sure
and we are one of the best did you ever have another another episode after that with the ketchup not ketchup uh no no but we had we had a couple of good nights
every time he went out he was like jakey you're the only guy that i'm gonna listen to you know
like when i get a little drunk i'm gonna listen to you like all right so you know he was being
simmer you know later at night i like same, that's a little too much, buddy. He said, shut the fuck up, man.
Don't you ever listen to me, man.
I was like, fuck, man.
You're going to bark all around?
Come on, Simmer.
He was like, settle down.
He was like, all right.
But a lot of nights, he did listen to me, which was kind of surprising.
I could just picture, too, that he gets caught going to McDonald's to grab some ketchup to
bring home for him.
He's like, I swear to God, it wasn't for me.
It was for Simmer.
I was just getting him some beans.
Yeah.
Fuck.
It was, yeah. Simmer was awesome, man. Fuck. It was for Simmer. I was just getting up some planes. Yeah. Fuck. It was, yeah.
Simmer was awesome, man.
Fuck.
It was a good time when we were roommates.
You were number 93.
Is there any significance to that number?
No.
I just.
Was it training camp number?
You just kept it?
No, no.
It was, well, I was number 20 in Halifax.
Okay.
And then I made it to Columbus and there was Christian Osalius, the older guy, obviously.
And then RJ Umberger, right?
So I was like, there is no way I'm getting number 20.
And so I ended up picking 93.
There was no real reason, and I guess I stuck with that.
I can't think of anyone else who is number 93 in the league right now.
One thing I wanted to ask JVR, I forgot to.
Carter Hart, we talked about his name and stuff, but young goalie coming in, Philly's a very difficult town.
They're very hard on their goaltenders, and they're waiting for that next guy.
How is he handling it as a young guy with that much pressure on his shoulders?
It kind of surprised me how well he handles it.
Because, like you said, he's 21 years old.
There's all that pressure basically on his shoulders right now.
Since, I don't know, Hexy maybe.
Yeah, absolutely.
They've looked for like 25, 30 years it feels like.
They hit and miss with Briss, right?
He's got a big miss there.
You got our sloppy seconds in arizona there
everyone thought he was gonna be the savior and he was he was lights out for us like that ain't
gonna work you know what i gotta i gotta say one thing he was his stats especially the second year
the lockout year they weren't as bad as people think you know what i mean he was just pretty
good he was just a little bit different you know Yeah, this is not a town that unless you're dominating,
if you're like the weird guy in the media,
they're just not going to take it in good sense.
I mean, this is the type of city.
You can do that if you're lighting it up.
Yeah, he didn't do himself a favor, that's for sure.
It was crazy because you guys had the outdoor game
and then he was doing all those weird interviews
and he wasn't playing well.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
It was a weird time
yeah and it's like a tea ready for you know that's my tea for you know when i'll be on a
bench tomorrow and like fucking around yeah exactly were you as teammates were you guys
a little upset about that yeah yeah like you you know like i mean you're making a joke you can fuck
around once in a while like if even if you don't play well, he kind of made like a, you know,
slightly joke about that once in a while.
But like, you know, he was doing it every day.
At the point, he was like, just, hey, buddy,
just, you know, you're not funny anymore.
Just shut the fuck up and play the golf.
Stop the puck.
Stop the puck, dude.
Please.
It's like yelling, shut up.
Shut up and sing at an artist who's talking politics.
Why do you have to be mad?
Because I'm looking at your fucking save percentage.
Because I just got another minus.
Fuck.
Well, dude, thank you so much for coming in, man.
This has been awesome.
Anything you want to ask R.A.?
Anything about Commie?
You remember anything else about Commodore?
Any other stories about that goon?
Actually, I was preparing for this for a long time.
So I had three stories.
I had Simmer's story with the catch-all, which I said.
I had one story with Kami
and I have one more story
with the axe.
Yes.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
This is just like...
I was preparing.
Can I say...
I would say I have a lot more
but I can't really say them, right?
This is perfect.
So I'll go with Kami.
So we have a rookie party
in Vancouver
and my rookie party.
So I show up to my room room I don't know what time it
was and call me has this friend there you know some girl so we were roommates so I was like I'm
going to bed so I I lie down I fall asleep 7 30 a.m I woke up I needed to take a piss
I look I look over there is only the girl in the bed, right? No commie. I was like, what the fuck?
So I look around.
Commie nowhere.
So I, you know, like move.
I try to step on the ground.
There is commie on the ground laying naked.
Imagine his body, six foot five, fucking red Sasquatch, just laying there naked.
No pillow, no blanket, just snoring.
Right?
I was like, oh my God.
So this is the NHL?
All right.
But like just that picture, it's going to be stuck in my head for the rest of my life.
This is Vancouver on the road. Big hairy chest just lying on the ground.
No pillow, no blanket.
Bori's got a lot of hotel room stories.
Yeah.
So that was one of them.
I'll say the one with the axe.
So we were neighbors my first year here, right?
I live on the second floor he lives on
a third floor so i showed up at 2 30 a.m from the bar with one of my ex-teammates and two girls
we show up in my place i turn on the music right pretty loud so then i hear you know from above
just stepping on the ground shut the fuck up right i turn it down a little bit. So we keep going. It's like 3, 3.15.
And then I see Yags walking into my apartment with a hat, running sneakers, shorts, and a jacket.
And I'm buckled, right?
Like it's 3.15.
I'm buckled.
We have a day off the next day.
I'm looking at him.
I was like, oh, where are you going?
Yags, he was like, oh, I got to go for a run.
So he's like famous Of working you know
Like whenever he
Of course
So I was like
Alright well
You know this guy's fucking 40
It's 3.15
I'm buckled
He's going for a fucking run
Go figure right
You're like
This guy's been playing
For 30 years
He's running
And I thought you were
Gonna say you put on
Your running shorts
And joined him
No
I didn't do that
I didn't do that
I was too tired
From dancing all night
Would he ever try
to drag you to the,
like,
because he would go skate
at like 10 o'clock, right?
I went a couple times
with him, yeah.
And then you're like,
enough of this.
Yeah, I went a couple times
with him,
but, you know,
like,
you want to sleep too
sometimes, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, you had to catch up
on sleep
because a lot of these stories
are ending at 3.30,
4 o'clock, so.
That was back in the day, though.
Like, I don't, you know,
I'm pumped.
Oh, yeah,
the thing's changed. So is Jake. I'm 30 years old right now. I can't do'clock. That was back in the day, though. Like, I don't, you know, I'm... Oh, yeah, the thing's changed.
So is Jake.
I'm 30 years old right now.
I can't do it anymore.
So you're bringing your video games
on the road now, then?
No, I don't.
I don't do that.
I don't play video games.
All right.
No, I don't.
I go for dinner.
I'll have a couple of dinner.
Bruno, you got anything for Mr. Vorchuk,
the Champagne Don?
We didn't really talk about the Champagne yet.
That's what I was going to ask.
You got to tell the Champagne Don story.
At least one.
Champagne.
Well, there's a lot of them.
Again, back in the day.
Well, there was nine years of bottles every night.
Which story do you want?
No, every time he went out, I was ordering Champagne everywhere I went.
Right.
So I enjoy Champagne by itself or with orange juice.
So there was a Dom Perignon everywhere, every time I went somewhere.
So I remember JBR had one good night in a good old recess, right?
Back in my first year here.
Yeah, when you see fucking triple.
JBR and Hazy were saying you guys could be at Applebee's in the sky
if you ordered champagne off the 5 menu. I haven't done it in a long time, five, six years maybe. JBR and Hazy were saying you guys could be at Applebee's in the Sky Biori campaign.
Off the 5 menu.
I haven't done it in a long time.
Five, six years maybe.
All right.
Well, when we come visit him in Montreal,
we can rip it up. Well, we're going to pop
bottles of Pink Whitney now instead.
We've got to send you guys some stuff.
Quick plug.
That's for sure.
That move.
All right.
Thanks so much, Jake.
Appreciate it.
Thanks for having me.
I appreciate it.
Thank you very much.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to Jakey. I really want to see one of his concerts before the game so that sounded sounds like it's
a blast but as we move along um the Florida Panthers with a one of the best comeback wins
of the season on Tuesday night against the Boston Bruins. What do you know? Keith Yandel with a goal and two assists, the goal being the tying goal with a minute
left in his hometown with probably 300 people there, including all my buddies.
I missed it.
He wouldn't even, he would have hit the post if I was there.
Well, we got a funny little story coming out of Keith Yandel because Sunday they played
the Rangers and they
came in after the game so we all met up for
dinner. There was seven of us or six of us
Keith joined, Ross Yandel,
Officer Ross Yandel, Ned Haven,
former guest of the show, all there having
a great time, having a fun dinner.
Go out, just have a couple drinks
and we meet up with a bunch
of the guys from the team.
Hilariously enough, you get to know other hockey guys.
We were having a blast.
Seeing Keith is awesome.
What was he telling me?
Poor Weeks.
You guys remember Mackenzie Weeger and Brian Foley.
They got him again, guys.
This poor guy.
Keith said, hey, Foles, I think Weeks is due for another prank. I guess there's been some
construction going on last year at the house that he rents. He rents from a guy who plays in the
AHL that owns the place. So what happens is Foles says, all right, I'm on it. Foles texts Weeger,
who's now gotten pranked, I think it was two times before this, right? Foles texts Weger Who's now gotten Pranked I think this It was two times before this
Right
Foles texts Weger
And he's like
There's no way
He's gonna bite for it
But here we go
Sends out a text
When you
Hey when you laugh like that
I know I'm gonna be in tears
So
I think it's Jacob Magna
Plays in Chicago in the NHL
He owns the place
Foles Hey Weegs What's up bro It's Magna. He plays in Chicago in the NHL. He owns the place.
Fourth.
Hey, Weegs.
What's up, bro?
It's Magna.
This is my Chicago number.
Don't even ask, but I had to get a second phone in Chicago, so I'll use this.
Like, if you're Weeger and you've been pranked and Spittin' Chicklets has told the story. You got to have your ears and eyes open
into just like anytime it's a random number,
question something.
FaceTime the fucker.
Especially with Foley.
Don't ask, but had to get a second phone in Chi-Town.
So I'll use this one.
Here's the third one.
Before even a response from poor weeks,
FYI, I'm going to have a contractor come by and check out the roof.
So naturally, if you're renting a place, you're in the NHL.
All right, like I'm on the road.
When I'm home, I'm napping.
Like, yeah, come over whenever, but kind of annoyed.
Weeks.
Okay, sounds good, exclamation point.
Just as Keith told me, just salt of the earth, Mackenzie Wieger.
And you can tell he's just such a good kid.
When do you think this will happen?
Just like, you know, friendly, curious.
Foley Magna.
The contractor checking it out or the possible new roof we're going to need?
With all the rain, I need to reinforce that roof.
I'm going to try to do it during a long road trip for you.
Any preference on when?
That's nice of him, right?
Let's do it when I'm out of the house at least.
Come on, I don't have to deal with this.
I'm getting ready for games.
This is my brain if I'm weaker.
Yeah, a long road trip would be ideal!
If not, whenever.
Foley Magna.
With all that rain, you haven't had any leakage in the roof, have you?
Now, mind you, if you're Uyghur at the beginning, do you not mention what's wrong with the roof?
Like, oh, you got to have something come over the roof.
Look at the roof.
Like, I'm sleeping under this roof.
Should I be worried?
No, no, he didn't ask.
But Foley Magna, with all that rain, you haven't had any leakage.
Have you?
Foley Magna goes on to say, depending what he says, I may have to move you to a hotel for a few nights.
But I'll give you plenty of notice.
That cool?
Question mark.
We go.
I mean, what would you say to that?
What would you say to that?
I would have phoned them to talk because I don't like texting about stuff like that.
Like, let's fucking talk.
Yeah, so he says, yeah, a long road trip would be ideal, if not whenever.
Foley Magna goes on to say, well, let me know on the leakage when you can.
My uncle is a roofer and he's asking.
Magna, okay, I haven't seen anything leaking, but we're leaving in the morning if he wants to head over.
Foley Magna.
So I just talked to my uncle.
He's got to do a whole new roof.
He's going to start Monday afternoon.
He should be done Wednesday.
Do you mind if he stays over at the house while he does it?
He lives like an hour away, so I told him he could.
You don't mind?
Now what happens then?
What happens then?
Wieger decides to text who?
Keith Yandel.
Wiegs, any time you're going through something,
you keep reaching out to Keith Yandel.
Those who don't learn from history
dude
well now saying that
is Yans is a guy
you do go to
for advice like that
cause if it was something real
and it really looks up to Yans
cause they are boys
this is a hell of a way
to show your boys
this might destroy the relationship
so
he texts Yans
look at this bro
and he sends him the screenshot of Foley Magna So he texts Janz, look at this, bro.
And he sends him the screenshot of Foley Magna asking if he can stay at the house.
Weegs goes, this is incredible.
Keith goes, holy fuck, man, that is outstanding.
So Weeger is just disgusted at this point. So as it goes on, Weeger started, I think, figuring something out. I think he started kind of figuring out something was going on.
And he ends up texting Keith.
He goes, you fuck.
You fuck.
If this goes on chicklets, it's over.
Keith's response having a roofer stay at your house is so fucking funny and weeks goes i couldn't believe that one no no no i don't mind like what
the fuck am i doing keith goes you really bitched out hard on that one he goes yeah i'm a real pussy
with that shit so in the end just Weger being the best guy,
but just getting punked on a daily basis, it seems, by Brian Foley.
We love him.
We love the cats.
Hell of a comeback.
I'm not going to lie.
I was hoping that he was going to arrange a meeting to meet his uncle,
where there was more that went into it.
He's like, oh, he says he's outside.
I'm rereading some of the stuff, and there was drinks that night,
and I'm definitely missing parts of it.
But in the end, it was enough to be stressing this kid to the max
over just complete false lies.
He's going to hire Marc-Andre Fleury as a revenge consultant.
Everyone's going to rue the day they did this.
Sounds like Weeger should shut his phone off and just throw the headphones on,
and Raycon wireless earbuds are the way to go.
They're half the price of other premium wireless earbuds I've used,
and they sound just as amazing.
And if you haven't bought a pair, today's your lucky day.
Raycon just released their best model yet, the E25s.
They have six hours of playtime, seamless Bluetooth pairing,
more bass, and a more compact design that gives you a nice noise-isolating fit.
Raycon's wireless earbuds are so comfortable, perfect for on-the-go listening and for taking
phone calls. Unlike some of your other wireless options, Raycon earbuds are both stylish and
discreet with no dangling wires or stems. You've heard me talk about how the company was co-founded
by Ray J and celebs like Snoop Dogg are obsessed with Raycons. So pick up a pair and see what the hype is all about. Now's the time to get the latest and
greatest from Raycon. Get 15 off your order at buyraycon.com slash chicklets. That's buyraycon.com
slash chicklets for 15 off Raycon wireless earbuds. Buy Raycon.com slash chicklets check that stuff out uh I know a
couple other notes here boys Ilya Kovachuk kind of a strange situation in LA this is the tweet
from Elliot Friedman uh there was word this afternoon that LA has informed Ilya Kovachuk
he will be out of the lineup for the foreseeable future he is welcome to practice with the club
but he will not be playing obviously Obviously, more details as they occur.
He is due a bonus on
December 15th. The hope is
once the bonus is paid in December, another team
might come in and try to trade for him.
Basically, it seems like they're not happy with
his play and they want young kids to play.
He could be bounced
straight at any point. I don't know. This hasn't
worked out like the way they hoped, put it that way.
Yeah, I kind of called it. It was just a guy
who's gotten older and played
hockey in a league that, as good as
it is over there, it's not
the same tempo, not the same pace.
So the contract was surprising
to me. And there was a lot of people that wanted
the Bruins to sign him.
Many of those memories. But
you also understand fans remembering
the player that he was when he left.
But we'll see what ends up playing out.
I mean, why would you ever give up that money, right?
You're going to do whatever you need to do to just keep getting paid.
Absolutely.
And there's some news in your neck of the woods.
Arizona signed GM John Chaker to a long-term extension.
They didn't say how long or for how much, but they're happy with what he's done down there.
You guys have been competitive as hell this year.
What's your take on it, brother?
Yeah, first of all, congratulations.
This is Wednesday.
On Monday and Tuesday, the Arizona Coyotes became the first team in NHL history
to win back-to-back games, so consecutive days,
against the last two Stanley Cup champions.
They did that in a shootout against the Washington Capitals.
Then there was a plane delay.
They ended up getting into St. Louis, I think, at like 3 or 4 in the morning.
And then that day had to play the St. Louis Blues,
who have been playing some good hockey.
Both teams have.
So they won 3-2 in a shootout against St. Louis.
Connor Garland, both shootout winners.
He has been on fire.
He is a treat to watch.
Regarding John Tchaika, he's done a great job.
And I don't know if I've talked about it before,
but he came in as a general manager in the National Hockey League
with not a ton of experience at the age of 27.
And I'm old school.
When I saw that, I was surprised.
I was like, holy shit, this guy just leaped over probably a lot of candidates
who would have been qualified for that job.
And I'm assuming because of the way he got that job,
there was probably some resentment.
And a lot of people that probably did want to see him fail,
specifically, well, actually, for many reasons,
one being the analytical side that we haven't talked about
and of course just his young age
but since he's came in
he's been nothing but a professional
he works extremely hard
he's made some great moves for the organization
some of the signings
and the risks he did take
in giving lots of money to guys
who had yet to prove what they were getting,
like Clayton Keller didn't have a great year last year.
Wow, he gets a pretty nice contract before the start of the season.
Well, he's off to a pretty good start this year,
and we think we have a guy that is going to play beyond what he's getting paid.
Same with Schmaltz getting Kessel.
And I would say really probably the worst trade he made was the Max Domi for Galchenyuk.
But far too many wins, in my opinion, to outweigh any type of bad.
I think he's deserved every dollar of that extension.
And I think he's changing a lot of people's perspective on maybe giving quote unquote unqualified people jobs where
he has a very strict way of thinking and he's he's not one of the old boys and he's not old school
and i think what what the smartest part about him is instead of trying to to maybe even go against
that he works very well with talk it he really Talkett, where Talkett's in a situation saying,
probably to him, I like this about this guy,
and that's why I would want to maybe go and get him,
or hey, I don't think he's working because ultimately the way I want
to coach this team, he's not going to fit in anywhere
and maximize his potential.
And I don't know if that was the conversation with Max Domi,
specifically, or whoever, but he's just very open to the dialogue of what's going to make the team successful.
And I think that his open-mindedness in that area and his ability to work with Talkit
is one reason why he has been successful.
So congrats to him, and we're happy to have him,
and the Yotes have been playing really well lately.
And, you know, Coyotes, they're all set for a GM for a while,
but not everybody is all set, Biz.
That's why if you're hiring, you want to check out ZipRecruiter.
Hiring can be a slow process.
Cafe Altura's COO, Dylan Miskiewicz,
needed to hire a director of coffee for his organic coffee company,
but he was having trouble finding qualified applicants.
So he switched to ZipRecruiter.
ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you.
It finds them for you.
Its technology identifies people with the right experience and invites them to apply to your job so you get qualified candidates fast.
Dylan posted his job on ZipRecruiter and said he was impressed
by how quickly he had great candidates apply.
He also used ZipRecruiter's candidate rating feature to filter his applicants
so he could focus on the most relevant ones.
And that's how Dylan found his new director of coffee in just a few days. candidate rating feature to filter his applicants so he could focus on the most relevant ones.
And that's how Dylan found his new director of coffee in just a few days.
And with results like that, it's no wonder four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day.
See why ZipRecruiter is effective for businesses of all sizes.
Try ZipRecruiter for free at our web address, ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
A couple other notes before we finish up and get to the corner.
We here at Chicklets, we want to send our condolences
to Vancouver Canucks goaltender Jacob Markstrom,
a former teammate of Whitducks.
His father, Anders, passed away from cancer.
He made an emotional post about it on Instagram the other day,
so we just want to extend our condolences to him.
Yeah, I feel awful for him.
He's such a good guy, and you see that post.
It broke my heart because, like like like within hockey you're friendly
with someone you're friends but as time goes on you're on the same team a lot of times you lose
touch so i didn't even know his dad was sick or had passed away and fuck cancer yeah fuck cancer
um hey boys spitting chicklets has a new home for sports betting this year and you need to check out
the bet mgm sports app in new jersey the same guys that bring you the world's most spectacular casino resorts and top-notch
entertainment have a new sports betting app in new jersey you can download the app deposit and
check out lines from anywhere in the world but you have to be in new jersey to place all your bets
so stop by what's the sausage store satriani's when you're picking up your pork throw some wages
down this week we've got an absolute gong show of a deal for new customers on the BetMGM Sports app
when you use the bonus code CHICKLETS.
They're offering new users a deposit match of up to 250 if you sign up with the bonus code CHICKLETS.
That means if you make your first deposit of 250, you'll have 500 in your account to bet with.
If you deposit 100, you'll get 200 to bet with.
You've got to make sure to sign up with the bonus code CHICKLETS
to take advantage of the offer.
This is our juiciest offer with BetMGM yet,
so if you're in New Jersey and you haven't signed up yet,
now is the perfect time.
It's also the perfect time for the gambling corner.
Slowed down a little bit.
Nashville couldn't get it done over the weekend for me. Kind of a
rough showing, but we're going to try to get back on
the wagon. I got two plays for
everybody. Tonight in
LA, I said a couple weeks ago
with sometimes you have to bet what people
consider bad teams.
I've been betting Ottawa the last few
weeks, been making some dough, but I like Detroit
and LA. Red Wings, they've
been playing with some spunk lately.
They got a little fire to their game.
L.A. is probably the worst team in the league right now.
So I'm not going to go crazy on them.
I'm going to take them on the money line.
I don't know, probably for a nickel, nothing too wild.
And also, this might be the first of the season.
Going to go with the Boston Bruins on Friday night.
I don't bet them too often.
I definitely don't bet them at home because the odds suck.
But they're on the road. They're in Toronto.
They blew a 4-0
lead at home. They're going to be fucking
pissed off. They're going to have a nice price.
So we're going heavy on
them. Money and puck.
I don't know what the line is. I don't want to say I'm going to
put a 2,000 on them, but
I can't imagine they're going to be more than a buck 50 in
Toronto. I mean, it's a division rival.
So... Marner out?
Yeah, that would be a lot.
On the road, be that favorite against a good team.
Well, going back to your bet on the Red Wings, I mean, I kind of like it.
The Red Wings went 1-11-1 and were outscored 57-21 in that margin in that time.
Then they beat the Bruins and Golden Knights in back-to-back games.
And I don't know, have they played another game after that since acquiring our boy Fabri? Yeah, they beat the Bruins and Golden Knights in back-to-back games. And I don't know, have they played another game after that
since acquiring our boy Fabri?
Yeah, they beat somebody.
So they're 3-0 since they picked up Fabri,
and things are going really well there.
So you're going to ride that wave, and I would back that up, all right?
Sometimes I like to hop in the corner when I like something.
I love it too, and I think that people do too
because you've got a much better perspective on the game than me.
So just to reiterate, Detroit Thursday night is in L.A.
I like them on the Moneyline and the Bruins in Toronto Friday.
I'm going to be slinging it on them.
Not sure yet.
I'll have the blog up Friday, but definitely Money and Puck for the Bees Friday night.
And just to finish the segment here, remember,
BetMGM is the home for chicklets this season.
If you're a new user, sign up with the bonus code CH code chiclets to get your first deposit matched up to 250 this weekend
winnings paid in free bets must be 21 or older must be in new jersey to place bets restrictions
apply visit betmgm.com for the full list of terms and conditions gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER
um boys just a personal note here you know i've mentioned a thousand times
in the podcast that my old man's uh a boston firefighter because i'm so proud of the fact
that he was he's always been my hero and uh i just want to sorry i just want to extend condolences uh
what's the mass firefighter lieutenant jason man i've lost his life overnight wednesday and uh
when you're a son of a firefighter you always never goes away you always
feel it and i'm just so fucking sad that it happens man because you just don't know i saw
you tweeting about it today you know i mean my father he didn't tell me when he was we were kids
like oh i almost died last night you know you don't tell your kids that as he's gotten older
he's told me more stories and you just realize like you're always part of that family even though
he's been retired for years and i woke up to this news and it just breaks your heart. This guy was supposed to go to Disney World today.
He's got a wife and three kids.
And instead, you know, he gave his life for Joe Public to put fires out and trying to save.
They thought there was a baby missing.
It turned out not to be the case.
And he gave his life for strangers.
And that's the ultimate sacrifice.
And, you know, sorry to get emotional here, but it just, like I said, when you're a firefighter home,
it never goes away. And, you know sorry to get emotional here but it just like i said when you're a firefighter home it never goes away and i you know heart's broken today and we just want to extend our sympathies to our friends and colleagues of uh again lieutenant jason monado
what's the there is that was great all right that's great job that's all awful news i saw
the same thing so prayers grow to his family that's just maybe we could do that job maybe
we could do something for the family. That job is...
People are running out of buildings
that they're running into,
and it's the best job in the world.
People stay until that bell goes off
or that alarm goes off,
and they're family,
and it's just so sad.
Well said, R.A.
Yeah, so I know that's a downer note,
but I'd be remiss if I didn't say that.
So, Biz, say something funny so we can end the...
Well, I was going to say,
maybe we could do a T-shirt or something and give the proceeds to the family. I don't say that. So, Biz, say something funny so we can end the level. Well, I was going to say, maybe we could do a T-shirt or something
and give the proceeds to the family.
I don't know.
I mean, we have an awesome following, and I think that we're able to do good,
and that would be something.
They have tons of first responders games where they do, you know,
policemen versus firemen or something.
Maybe we could get something in the mix, but we got a lot on our plate right now.
We got a lot of good to do.
Absolutely, absolutely. So, any final notes, boys, before we wrap up here. We got a lot of good to do. Absolutely. Absolutely.
So any final notes, boys, before we wrap up here?
I have a few things written down here.
I don't know if they got transferred over.
Ugly sweaters.
Ugly sweaters are now on sale.
Ryan's wearing his sunk one.
We got Banana Lands, Pink Whitney.
We have a real cool premium knit sweater.
Not a big deal.
So buy those now in the Bar barstool sports store i had
one thing written down here and uh you know we talked about when malcolm went down earlier in
the season sid stepped up his game well nathan mckinnon since lanis kog and ranton both got
injured seven games five goals six assists four primary assists of those six, 50 shots on goal, 70 shot attempts,
seven penalties drawn, and one taken.
So this guy is the real deal, folks.
And those two guys, I know that they all get a lot of credit for elevating the line.
McKinnon can drive his own bus, and he's proving that right now.
All right, boys. I think
we should get showered up and get ready to head to the
Flyers game. Oh, actually, one more thing, Mikey.
We got to remind everyone
tonight, fine wine and good
spirits. You can meet the whole crew
here. You got to
buy a bottle of Pink Whitney.
If you bring it over to me, I'll sign
it big enough where you can't even fit
R.A. or Bissonette's or Mikey's signature anywhere else.
I hope R.A. worked on his signature because it didn't look good last time.
Doesn't he write just R.A.?
But seriously, come on by.
It's at 180 West Girard Ave, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, 5 to 7 o'clock tonight.
So we'd love to meet some of our awesome listeners and hopefully we'll see you then. But I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
But I still haven't found what I'm looking for. Thank you.
