Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 219 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade flavored vodka from our friends over at New Amsterdam Vodka.
What's up gang, we just had another successful roadie down in Philly, conducted a bunch of interviews,
had a liquor store meet and greet with a turnout that actually blew us all away,
went to the Flyers game, we were the only assholes in the building rooting for fucking overtime.
Then we come home to a 15-game Saturday slate in the NHL.
Only the Blue Jackets had the night off,
as well as all the other NHL goings-on since we last met.
So let's get cracking and catch up with the fellas.
Mikey G, how you feeling, buddy?
What's up, boys?
Coming off a huge weekend.
The Loud Luxury guys are in in town so they put on a
hell of a show uh friday night at brooklyn mirage and i'm getting ready to see you guys again
tuesday we'll be back in boston we have another meet and greet we'll get to the details of that
later but uh i'm just excited boys another good podcast with merle's coming yeah no doubt about
it matt merle coming up let's go the wit dog next year the one who introduced us to this character
the merle the Merle man.
What a trip for the Merle, huh?
I said, Merle, you're going to come to one of these trips with us.
You got to come and see how we roll, and we need your input on a lot of things.
And what does he do?
He tells us to bet for overtime.
This mush, this kid has lost more gambling in his life than you could even imagine.
But one of my best friends, and on video,
he gets a record of a nice little hit at the Flyers-Capitals game.
Now, mind you, the thing about Merle's is whenever I see him,
you know, we never really go to bed.
It's like, dude, Merle's.
We went to dinner after the last night.
It was a long day.
We had a great night the night before at the game.
Then we do the meet and greet.
R.A. mentioned, what the hell was that, Philly?
You animals.
Holy shit.
I know Biz hasn't even been introduced yet, but I have a lot on my mind.
Well, they blew us away.
It was four hours.
I loved meeting everyone.
Incredible.
But we're exhausted.
We go to dinner.
All of us went to a nice dinner, guys.
We went over and we caught the football game where I won more money on an unbelievable bet for the Cleveland Browns.
Merles, we'll go get a drink after this.
Okay, buddy.
What happens is 3.30 in the morning and me and Matt Merley are telling stories
we've told each other 4,000 times, yet we're just still drinking red wine.
I get three hours of sleep, which leads me into why I sound like this.
I'm sick as shit.
The 15-game
slate you talked about already last night. Let me tell
you, I watched all those games. There isn't
one guy in the NHL who would have played in
their games if they felt like I did.
But I stayed up to watch the game, to
talk about it with you guys this morning.
It's great to see you again.
But I'm sick. Holy shit.
You stayed out that late. I'm glad I went home.
No, in our rooms. In our rooms like losers, drinking red wine.
Hey, remember when you fell carrying hot chocolate?
Yep, we've done this.
Me and you, Merle, we tell the same stories.
Why don't we just go to bed?
Oh, man.
It's like a fucking wolf session without the wolf.
All right, last but not least, our boy, Paul Biznasty.
Biznast, you are always traveling.
I saw you on Instagram somewhere else the other day, but you're home now.
How are you feeling, buddy?
You had a very busy week in Moe Ways, the one down Philly.
I'm so happy to be back in Arizona.
I'm here until, when is it, Friday.
Then I'm going to Vancouver because I got some lacrosse business to take care of.
But going back to Philly, it was awesome.
I love doing these live interviews we got a
pretty good system going down now where uh a lot of you maybe don't know when we're doing
interviews over the over the phone there's that slight delay so sometimes like when we could hop
in and like you know throw a little subtle chirp and like you know get some chuckles
it just makes a little a little bit more awkward. Right, guys? Would you agree?
I thought in person it's so much different. No comparison.
So now we're getting all these fucking awesome players in person.
I mean, can we spill the beans a little bit and tell some of the peeps who we got?
I mean, we got JVR, who was awesome.
He was a long time coming, big time stoolie.
We got Hazy on again, but what was cool about the Hazy one,
and I hope we drop it sooner
than later, like he basically gave us a complete dive into an NHL locker room describing like guys
personalities, how the team interacts, you know. And meeting them for the first time and coming in
as a new guy, which is really underrated in terms of awkwardness as a pro athlete.
Right. And, you know, because of Hazy's personality
and he does, you know, love the boys in the locker room,
it seems like he's, I mean,
he's one of the main characters in that locker room now.
It didn't take him long.
He came in hot.
He did.
He did.
And also, like, I was talking to his brother
and we were just saying, like, Philly's doing well.
He seemed really happy with where he's at right now in life.
And that was a great chat.
And I think that the Flyers are a really close-knit team.
We saw that from the whole week we spent there.
But, yeah, Biz, with you saying you're happy to be home,
I feel like I don't ever want to leave home again.
And I'll say one thing.
I watched one game of the Flyers that closely.
They got a lot of guys on that team who can make plays.
And I think if they're able to figure things out and put it together,
I think that team can do damage.
And I said that earlier on, really not, you know,
having seen what they had on the ice.
Now I've seen it.
I'm impressed.
Now they need to figure out a way to close games.
They've been fucking losing games in shootouts like crazy, no?
They did not lose another one the other day?
Yeah. What did they lose to another one the other day? Yeah.
What did they lose to?
Washington and then who?
The Islanders.
Oh, the Islanders.
Did they bowl that three-goal lead?
Yes.
Oh, God.
That was Philly.
Christ.
See, my mind's going crazy.
Three nothing, 13 minutes left.
That's what I'm saying.
Before we get into last night's events and other stuff,
the other interviews we want to let you know that are coming.
Brian Berard.
That was a long time coming.
He came in. He's one of the most loyal people you'll ever meet that was a very
great interview i thought i just had a i had a blast doing it there were so many questions i
didn't even really know going in so and wait you got to remember i would say half of our listeners
truly don't know how good this guy was and how he could have been a potential hall of famer he was yeah he was
on an incredible run and like it was you know she got it was tragedy no doubt about it losing
vision in your eye and i i think people to hear i had never heard the story of of like the day
it happened because the times i've hung out with barard you know vegas couple times like part you
know your party and you're hanging out It's not something you'd ever
Whenever it was, it was Killington.
Exactly.
I'm not that close with him.
So to hear, like, what actually happened and the reaction of the teammates,
and it just was a wild story.
But that interview was great,
and he talks about a lot of the stuff that he mentioned in his book.
And Johnny LeClaire, who is one of the best powered forwards of the 90s.
We got to meet up with Johnny Lack.
He told some funny stories when I was a rookie puke. a bunch of other things so it was a great week these are very
good and we've kind of talked about uh a one once a month throughout the season trip where we all
get together for four days and we just bank a ton of interviews and then you get some content like
like the games we've been going to so i think think it's working out well. And lastly, let's drop one more name.
We had Eddie Shaq come in who he is.
He's an older fella.
He was Eddie Shaq.
Eddie Shaq.
No one loves Eddie Shaq more than Eddie Shaq.
That is a fact.
Jack.
He sings his own song.
He pumps his own tires about 50 times.
We talked about Bobby Orr, and somehow the next sentence,
it translated right back to talking about Eddie Shaq.
This guy.
Oh, Stan Mikita?
What did he do?
Oh, well, he got knocked out by Eddie Shaq.
I think people are going to love that one.
From the beginning of the intro to the end of it, that was a good
that was perfectly described as no one loves Eddie Shaq like Eddie Shaq does.
So that's  we can move on.
I mean, we just basically finished the intros,
and we got some hockey to talk about already.
Are we going to talk about your karaoke business?
Well, yeah.
I was going to say we're not quite done with Philly yet.
First off, we already dropped Jake Voracek.
That was one of the other great interviews we did.
He was absolutely hilarious.
And to go to Philly, the Flyers have played nine games in November.
Only two of them have ended in regulation.
They've had six shootouts in one overtime game this month,
and they're three and three in shootouts this month.
So I'm not going crazy.
So Murley keeps betting fucking ties.
He might be able to retire in a couple more years
because he's got him again Saturday.
Hey, here's a bit of a problem, too, is they're not the youngest team.
Like a lot of their core group is, you know, I mean,
they got some guys who have some miles on their tires.
All this extra hockey might hurt them in the end.
Like that's all.
You're talking about more than half a game there.
Yeah, you're right.
That's a good point.
It does add up.
Just going back to Philly, man.
I know we always have some fun with Philly, but I'll tell you, man,
I love that city.
The people there are fucking awesome.
They're super friendly.
Like they, you know, they know we're ball Boston.
No one ever gets mad.
No one's ever like, as far as I know,
going up to wit and gotten angry with him,
but everybody kind of gets what we're doing.
And also a couple of the members of the Philadelphia Fight Apartment
stopped in to take a picture and drop off some sweatshirts and T-shirts for us,
which was awful nice, and that was pretty cool.
The game was awesome.
Yeah, Biz, how about the karaoke?
When's that video going to drop?
Any word on that yet or what?
My karaoke session.
Listen, I videoed it.
I was pretty hammered. Sometimes things are a little bit funnier
when you're drunk and high at two o'clock in the morning when ra is like hey i'm gonna go up and
ruin this there was this black guy up there who was singing so soulfully and i was like damn this
guy's pretty good he's hitting like the high notes and shit right so ra was like i i think i think i'm
gonna blow you away so he goes and taps the guy on the shoulder.
Mind you, the engineer guy who was running it,
I don't think he really liked R.A.
Because he kept pushing you back.
He would say, next song, and then all of a sudden they would call girls up.
So you were getting a little irritated.
And then all of a sudden when R.A. was halfway through his song,
all of a sudden it gets shut off.
That was fishy. That was fishy. So I don't know what you did when R.A. was halfway through his song, all of a sudden it gets shut off. That was fishy.
That was fishy.
So I don't know what you did, R.A.
I don't know if you crushed his old lady or something and he was bitter at you,
but I'm going to pass it over to Witt.
I'm going to explain to you guys, you simple-minded people, what happened.
I told this to R.A. the next day.
R.A., while giving the performance of a lifetime, I mean,
he's making moves up there where
he's trying to look like Mick Jagger
and I guess he is enough where I know what he's
trying to do, but it also made me want to
puke a little. So he's like doing it
correctly, but the whole issue was the
song was not a good karaoke
song. Karaoke songs are
sing-alongs in my mind. You pick a song
that the whole fucking place is going to want
to jam out to and rip it.
R.A. had this Rolling Stones song
nobody knew the words to and the guy the whole
time was like, I don't want to play that song.
It'll be kind of weird in here. And then once
it started, he's like, this song, nobody's feeling
it besides this guy going nuts on stage.
Listen.
You were baked,
bro. You would have enjoyed fucking Grunelli
Up there jumping from mice
Running around screaming
Fair enough but I can appreciate
R.A. looking at his stature
Going up there and singing Mick Jagger
And not only that but trying to move
Like Mick Jagger
I thought he was going to snap a knee
I thought he tore his ACL
At one point okay Let alone the fact he was going to snap a knee. I thought he tore his ACL at one point, okay,
let alone the fact he was moving his hips in directions
that I didn't know already could move.
And he looked like a goddamn jellyfish up there, okay?
Maybe I got to see the video again.
You're right.
It could have been the Indica-Sativa hybrid.
It could have been.
And it could have been the fact that I was sucking on that thing all night
along with a lot of yinglings.
Listen, Budweiser Canada, I fucking love you,
but Yingling and PA, that's the shit, okay?
We actually bought both for the interviews, and we had them there,
and you didn't even pay for this ad, but I don't want to piss you off.
But Yingling brews are incredible.
Anyway, back to R.A.
I thought he was pretty good, and I thought that the ladies
in the front row were having a good time too.
I could have sworn I seen one jamming herself to R.A. in the front row.
Well, that one dude, that one black guy, he was he was up dancing the whole show.
He was enjoying it.
And it is tough to pull off Jagger when you're on a fucking three by three stage.
So I had to do what I could in business.
That's that's what I'm saying.
He was on a little box, too, and he was like he was hitting he he hit every single square inch of that stage.
Yeah.
And I didn't crush his old lady,
but I think I crushed the performance.
And by the way, the song was Dead Flowers off the Sticky Fingers album.
It's one of the deeper cuts for the Stone City thing.
I can't sing.
Obviously, I've got a terrible voice singing or talking,
but that's a country song, so I sang it in a twang,
so it wasn't my natural voice.
Okay, so let's do something here where we can put up a poll
on one of our social media outlets.
Everyone go listen to that song.
What was it?
Dead Trees?
Dead Flowers.
Dead Flowers.
Yeah.
Dead Flowers.
Drug song.
And imagine RACN, tell me if you think this is a good karaoke song.
I think that's a fair poll.
Wait.
Well, and if somehow the video gets cut now,
our wit and Grinnell might be shaking their head like,
no, it was that bad. It is not
making a spit and chick. It's YouTube.
If it's not bad... Oh, I think
people will be interested in seeing it no matter what at this point.
And it's going to be a vote,
because R.A. thought he was going to outperform
the soulful guy. And I was
digging him, and it was tough, because R.A.,
you only got half the performance. Hey, I didn't have the
balls to go up there, so I'll give you that, R.A.
Fucking rights, R.A. And one got half the performance. Hey, I didn't have the balls to go up there, so I'll give you that, R.A. Fucking right, R.A.
And one final, Biz, when the song did end abruptly,
I did have to finish it a cappella.
I thought that was a pretty smooth move to pull out of the arsenal.
That's true.
He didn't need the monitor, so score extra points.
Biz, I'm not the only one with some fun news to share.
You signed a new contract.
You're out of retirement, but with a different sport.
I'm going to play lacrosse, boys.
I said on Twitter last week. You're going to suck, bro.
You're going to get dummied.
Okay.
Well, you're being a little negative.
I thought you were going to be a little more supportive to your partner over here.
Were you just saying that to be mean and to tear me down?
Biz, I think athletically, at your peak,
you could perform with anyone, any sport.
You are that freakish of an athlete.
You have one repaired ACL.
You have one currently torn ACL.
You smoke pounds of marijuana,
and you've never stick-handled with a lacrosse stick.
I don't care how fast you are.
You got no chance.
I'm more of a morale guy. I'll figure out
the stick stuff. I'll be a scrappy
little guy on the back end. I'll be laying
the fucking cross checks. You're allowed
to cross check.
You're planning on being
a stay-at-home D-man.
You're a stay-at-home D-man. You won't even really have
the ball at any point.
I'll be Jackie Moon.
Pass it. Pass it back. Pass it. You're a stay-at-home D-man. You won't even really have the ball at any point. I'll be Jackie Moon. I'll be Jackie Moon.
Pass it.
Pass it.
Pass it back.
Pass it.
I'll be a morale guy.
I'll bring the boys to the Roxy.
I'll pick up a couple tabs.
The morale.
The team needs some morale.
That's what I'm getting picked up for.
I joked about being the next John Tavares, which, guys, come on.
I know I'm not going to score a bunch of goals.
I'll get a couple.
You know I'll find a way.
I did it in the National Hockey League.
So when you talk to us.
That's a decent argument.
You've fooled them all once.
That's what I'm saying.
And you fooled them again.
I never used to win a lot of fights in the NHL either.
I'll just kind of get by.
I'll do the jersey jab and protect my face and fucking rights.
It's all about the morale.
I'm going to be the new Scotty Upshaw of the NLL.
When will this be?
Yeah.
When's this going to be?
I'm going to training camp.
I got a PTO.
I'm flying there on Friday.
All right.
So in two episodes, we'll hear what's going on.
Yeah.
Oh, I'll keep you guys updated.
All right.
All right. I'm glad. I, I'll keep you guys updated. All right. All right.
I'm glad.
I'm very interested.
What if I'm playing pro something again?
Hey, maybe I'll just make the team to be a straight-up fighter.
Who gives a shit?
What's the per diem?
I don't know.
I've got to figure that out.
Hopefully no drug testing.
One thing I noticed about all the guys we interviewed this week is how thick
they are in the ass and thigh region. Mugsy jeans were created specifically for that hockey ass. And
if you're an athlete, you know how hard it is to find clothes that fit you well.
The truth is men's clothes are not designed for guys with bigger asses and legs, especially when
it comes to jeans. Well, I got good news. The answer to your problems is finally here. Mugsy
jeans are designed specifically for dudes like us. Well, maybe more like you two. Mugsy was started by a stoolie who was tired of having his balls choked out in
jeans. His goal was simple, reinvent men's jeans to look good and feel outrageously comfortable.
He spent five years working with industry experts and athletes like former NHL player and Hobie
Baker winner Blake Jeffron to perfect the fit and feel of his jeans. The magic is in Mugsy's
proprietary denim,
which is made from a bunch of high-tech materials that make these jeans mind-blowingly soft and
flexible. And when I say flexible, I mean these jeans are so stretchy you could hit the squat
rack in them no problem. They're so comfortable, they make basic movements like sitting, bending,
and kneeling feel like a dream. No exaggeration, you'll want to sleep in these jeans, and I have
once or twice. Even better,
Mugsy's coming a stylish fit that's not too baggy, but not too right. So you feel somehow,
I'm sorry, not too tight. So you somehow look even better than you feel. Men's Health called
Mugsy Jeans, the best jeans for athletes for good reason. Take our word for it. Give Mugsy
Jeans a try and you won't be able to wear any other jeans again. Mugsy is so confident you'll
love their jeans. They do free shipping and return, so your comfort is 100 guaranteed.
Do your legs a favor.
Head to Mugsy.com.
That's M-U-G-S-Y.com to check out Mugsy's full lineup of jeans for safe work.
Genos, including new styles and sizes.
Use the code SPIT for 10 off.
That's a bear on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made by heading to Mugsy.com. Once again, using the code SPIT for 10 off. That's a beer on us and a pair of the most comfortable men's jeans ever made
by heading to Muggsy.com.
Once again, using the code SPIT.
Oh, one thing I had to mention before we get into hockey.
So, Caitlin Bristow, that girl who was on The Bachelorette,
she was on The Bachelor and then she was The Bachelorette.
So, she's been doing a live tour.
It was called Off The Vine Tour.
So, I went to her show last night.
I ended up going on stage and doing like some silly little dating show whatever but the point that i'm
getting to is but it was a riot she had about 450 of her fans in the audience and like she kept them
engaged the whole time there was a dj on there and like fuck like i know that like even i would be a
little bit nervous putting on a show that
large but it would be fucking fun if we ended up doing it and nailing it and getting in a rhythm
where we could keep doing these size of shows now i know we had a tough experience our first time in
chicago and even i'm a little bit hesitant and it has to run like a well-oiled machine especially
if you're charging your fans for for tickets like you can't disappoint at that
point right so i man like we we should definitely consider at least trying one and seeing how
everyone enjoys it yeah absolutely i'm fucking okay dtf on that stuff and like i mean calgary
stampede might be a good example for for like a team one i want to do a little tour this summer
call it the pink
whitney tour and and obviously if if you guys can't be there everyone it'd be nice to like get
you at at the certain locations and i want to start in vancouver and then go all the way out east
and and like i i would do it i would do your work ethic is unparalleled biz right but like and i
obviously i want you there every step of the way with but
you have far better interest in just doing a fucking tour and having stinky armpits and
being a roadie right like they don't got mint blue and uh on the on the pink whitney tour you
know we can tell who fled a bone right before we could and today yeah i don't know but i'm saying
is it would be cool so maybe we can get some feedback from our listeners
if that would be something that they would definitely be into.
No, I love it, man.
I'm all about road trips.
But, hey, like we said, Saturday night, very busy night in the NHL.
One story I wanted to kick off with.
Colorado's Matt Calvert took a puck off the melon.
He fell to the ice bleeding.
Vancouver still had possession in their offensive zone.
The goalie was pulled.
They're down 4-2. There's under three minutes left three minutes left so the refs you know they were reluctant to blow
the whistle even though they could have the guy was bleeding out man i'm not bleeding i'm sorry
he was bleeding from the head uh the refs i know they're supposed to wait for the team to touch
the puck but there is a part of the rule that says if someone's really hurt they can blow the
whistle and even the linesman can blow the whistle. Whit, let me hear your take on this. I'm really interested to hear it.
Okay, so I thought that was a big-time mistake last night, but I'm sort of going to play
the middle here. I'm going to say that I completely understand and agree that if a player is injured,
down in pain, and the opposing team has possession and is trying to get a goal at the same exact situation
as last night, the refs don't have to blow the whistle. Here's my thing. If it is a lower body
injury, okay, now that may sound stupid because if somebody had a horrifically broken leg,
you'd have the same argument. What I'm more saying is it's discretionary where if you guys see somebody gets blocks a shot, right?
And he's trying to get up, but he can't.
Typical to Greg Campbell when he had his broken leg, right?
Remember what he was doing where he could barely move?
I understand you don't blow it then.
But if it's a head injury and a position where you see someone bleeding from the head and any sort of like, holy fuck, it's just scarier when it's your head.
I don't know if you guys know what I'm trying to say here.
That's when you blow the whistle.
I don't care.
I saw Zach Wierenski put out a tweet.
I don't know if he's friends with Calvert.
It doesn't even matter that the play has to be whistled down.
I saw a couple other tweets of GMs at some point saying no matter what's going on, chance to score, you got to blow the whistle if it's an injury.
So obviously it depends on the severity of it,
but last night that was fucking ugly to watch.
It was very scary to see that kid in that much pain
and the play go on around him.
I think that it was probably a panic by the officials
where they went the wrong way with it,
where if you're the other official and you're on the other side of it
and maybe you're the top official and you think maybe it hit his head
and you're like, oh, God, I don't want to be wrong,
and then blow the whistle and they don't score.
And then a lot of people who have been losing their mind online would say,
like, no, there's no fucking  no in between.
You blow it down if it hits the guy in the head.
Well, you don't know what the guy saw.
It happened probably that quick, right?
And then you see him struggling in pain, and you're like, oh, fuck, do I do it?
And in that moment, that ref ducking didn't make the call.
So I guess he's going to get hammered for that.
But listen, we're all going to learn from this.
They got to obviously talk to everyone involved and say hey from now on if it's if
it's an upper body as we just said we're blowing it down but moving forward man are there going to
be guys who take advantage of that where they're maybe not that hurt and it should be they have to
gain repossession back and then then then we're going to have another issue on our hands and that
could maybe happen in playoffs where it's like,
this is a perfect opportunity for the team to tie the game.
And,
and it's blown dead because the guy got hit in the shoulder and he just
stayed down where it's like,
well,
Hey,
I mean,
that's going to be a bad bruise.
So I don't know if we're going that hardcore player safety.
All right,
let's make the decision now,
but you may have another problem on your hands down the road.
And obviously in this situation, yes, it would have been nice
if they would have blown it right away and got him off the ice.
But they fucked up.
Dude, the issue was, too, you could see Pedersen.
He was in shock.
He was like, oh, like you could tell he almost was looking at the ref
to blow the whistle, but he was right in front of them, like you're saying, Biz.
Maybe the guy didn't see it,
but when the opposing player is even like very surprised and you can
noticeably like pointing out an injury right in front of them.
That's when you'd think that it would get blown down.
And then they ended up tying the game up.
McKinnon had the filthiest overtime.
I just,
I guess I just don't get the blowback is because the rule is yeah.
If a player gets seriously injured.
So obviously the official on the ice made a mistake.
He made the wrong call.
People are fucking losing their mind.
They're like, player safe, bitching at everyone.
It's like, yo, the guy made a fucking mistake.
That's it.
That's it.
You're losing your mind over one person making a mistake in the moment.
And a lot of people who will never be in that position are the ones bitching.
Well, I think the loudest ones bitching are the avalanche.
And I can certainly understand Eric Johnson's quote.
It's a fucking joke.
You want to protect that guy?
Guy's got a family at home.
He's laying there bleeding out of his head and you don't blow the whistle.
It's a complete joke, an absolute joke.
They should be ashamed of themselves.
I'm just reiterating what the player said.
Nate McKinney, quote,
I just can't imagine in another sport letting that happen.
What's kind of love this?
A guy's bleeding out the side of his head, laying there,
not moving to not blow the whistle.
I know it's a big time moment in the game.
It's not the ref's fault.
It's the league's fault.
If you see blood, if you see any contact with someone's face or head,
I think it's dangerous.
And obviously it's just made it worse that he scored.
But at the same time, we were yelling before they scored,
what's going on?
And then he basically referenced if this happened to LeBron,
he essentially said this would never happen in the NBA,
which I kind of got a kick out of because of our boy Witt.
But the wording in the rule book itself gives a lot of discretion
to the referee.
It said, in the case where it is obvious that a player has sustained a
serious injury, the referee and or linesman may stop the play immediately. That doesn't say he
has to or he should. It's just that he may stop it. So it's the ref's option. And again, the other
part, rule 32.5, stopping play. The linesman shall stop play. One of the things is when he
deemed that a player has sustained a serious injury injury and this has gone undetected by either referee.
I mean, I think the refs are, but there were two options where a ref
or a linesman could have called it and neither did.
Yeah, and I don't see a need to bring the league into it.
They have the rule written down.
That was the league responsibility.
It's just the guy on the ice made a fucking mistake.
Now, do I have a problem with those guys being fired up in the moment
that their teammate was lying there in pain after taking a clapper
to the fucking head?
No.
But, like, once you take a step back and you're not in the moment,
I mean, the guy made a fucking mistake, right?
Am I going crazy here?
Thank you, everyone.
Yeah.
No, you do.
I mean, you move on.
But you can certainly understand where the avalanche anger comes from.
So either way, they got the two points. But anyways, let'll move on, but you can certainly understand where the avalanche anger comes from. So either way, they got the two points.
But anyways, let's move on.
We're going to send congratulations out to Joe Quenville
on his 900th career win as an NHL coach.
He's just the second guy to do it following Scotty Bowman.
He's also got 118 playoff wins that have him third behind Bowman and Al Arba.
Whit, anything on Coach Q here?
What do you hear about him from KY?
Anything that you can share with us?
Guys love him.
Just that last time I saw a bunch of the Panthers,
they say they love playing for him.
Straight shooter, no bullshit.
Also is known to enjoy gambling himself in terms of taking a lot of his teams
to Vegas at some point midseason.
This is before they had an NHL team.
So this guy's had success for so long.
It doesn't surprise me when you hear guys really enjoy playing for him
because for a lot of coaches out there,
and we'll talk about one specifically in Toronto,
you occasionally do hear rumblings about guys getting sick and tired of him,
and it just doesn't come from players that have played for Quangville.
So I think that it's been an incredible Hall of Fame career.
And the Panthers, they're playing well.
They have a lot of balls this year.
They seem to come back.
They come back in Boston.
Another big win last night against the Rangers Saturday night.
So good for the Panthers, and congrats to Quangville.
Coach Q, they call him, you know.
And if they could actually get a little more consistency out of Bobrovsky, man,
they could be a force in the playoffs because, well,
assuming they make it because their forwards are fucking dynamic.
He makes 10 million, by the way.
I was just going to say, every time I look at a score sheet,
it's like 5-4, 6-5.
Like, they don't have games that are under seven goals.
What are their overs, like on the gambling thing?
Six and a half.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
Yeah.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
So maybe that's a question for our fans to dig up.
How many times have the Florida Panthers games this year hit the over?
And then maybe it's something to start gambling.
And then because it'll immediately start losing.
Well, there you go. now all of a sudden you
then you bet the under it's like oh they've been doing it over so let's bet the under ha
biz gambling corner boom another milestone for a player this time 400 goals for steve stamkos
ovechkin is the only cop current play to do it faster right now stamkos is eighth on the
current active list for players ovechkinkin is first. This guy just keeps pounding, grinding away.
Biz, how high do you think he'll get?
He's got 400 now.
I mean, 600 seems probably like a reasonable guess now.
Well, I'm just wondering how many has he scored with white tape on a stick
and how many has he scored with black tape on a stick?
Because that coward is a tape changer.
No, but on a serious note, he is a mutant with that shot.
And I don't know.
I think, I mean, because he takes care of himself so well,
I think he can get to 600.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, how old is he now?
31?
Pull it up real quick.
I'm not sure off the top of my head.
I mean, Stammer's the type of guy you know he's playing until he's like 38, 39.
So he's got another, I would say, eight years left.
And, yeah, that's being conservative.
That's at like 25 goals a year.
I think for sure he'd get to 600.
Yeah, he'll be 30 in February.
So, yeah, that's something to keep an eye on.
Another huge milestone, 1,000 game.
Biz, good thing you're no longer with the Kings organization. You would have took it up the chute.
Saturday night in LA, Jeff Carter played his 1,000th NHL game against Vegas. And in true
Hollywood fashion, he also scored the game-winning goal in the Kings 4-3 win. It's his 371st goal
and his 79th game winner of the eight games the Kings have won this year. He's got the game winner in three of them.
So Carter still getting it done all these years later.
Whit Dogg, what do you got on this guy?
Well, it's funny thinking back to the interview with Voracek.
In the middle of it, I was like, because I think I brought up to him,
Columbus gave up on you quick.
And I was wondering, like, what did they give up for him?
I didn't even put it together sitting in Philly that it was Jeff Carter.
It wasn't like he could shit on Columbus that much
because they happened to get a guy who was about ready to take off
and have some insane years in the NHL.
He already had had a monster year or two in Philly when he was traded.
But Jeff Carter, dude, he didn't want to be in Columbus.
It wasn't really their fault.
He just didn't want to be there, and he ended up getting
his way out, but when he got to LA,
they don't win those cups without him. Would you say
that? No. No way.
Elite goal
score flew. When he
got to top speed, flying
6-3 with an unreal
snapshot, a knack for
scoring around the net, just an
incredible top 6, top 3 player for 10, 12 years.
No doubt about it.
I didn't know you were going to finish right there.
That was a hard stop.
I just went to a hard stop.
I felt bad for, like, talking so much.
Oh, no, no, for sure.
I guess I'll say this.
That 0-3 draft, these guys, 1,000 games, 1,000 games, 1,000 games,
they're popping up everywhere.
And part of me makes me happy, part of me makes me sad because these guys are on the backside of their career.
And that's probably, you know, they're not going to be playing much longer,
maybe three, four, five more years max.
But that means once they do retire, they get to come on spitting chiclets
and really spill the beans.
And it's cool because these guys are the guys I played with growing up.
Like, that'll be our fucking wheelhouse.
I'll be bringing up stories that they'd be like, fuck you, biz.
Like, we're not talking about that.
They may not come on.
They know you got all that stuff in the bank.
That was your 85-year birthday.
I can't wait for some of these guys to get on because I get to ask shit that they wouldn't have talked about while they were playing.
So what an unbelievable player.
What a handsome fucking devil.
Just ripped to shit, too.
He's got a huge rope.
Put him in the Man Rocket Hall of Fame, I think.
Yeah.
Because he's like a Lundquist.
Got it all.
Put it this way.
If he's walking down, they all live in Hermosa, right?
Oh, yeah.
I'll tell you right now, if he's walking down Hermosa with a tan,
every single female is doing a double take.
Who the hell is that guy?
Not even knowing he plays hockey.
And not even knowing he's got 70 in the bank.
What?
Look at that tall man rock with a sick tan and unreal hair
Oh, he also has 70 million
Oh, he also has
two Stanley Cups
Oh, he also has gold medals
He does have a third leg
Keep going
Yeah, Man Rock and a fucking wrench
That's just fucking not fair to regular schlubs
like myself out there
Boys, I know we've talked about it in the last few weeks
but we have to mention the fucking Islanders.
They rallied from three goals down in the third period
to extend their point streak to 14 games Saturday
with a 4-3 shootout win over the Flyers.
This team, I mean, they don't have, like, one dominant guy
or one dominant line like other teams.
They just get a well-balanced attack.
They stick to the Team D.
They do what the coach says, not to mention the outstanding goaltender
from Thomas Greist again.
But fuck, man.
Biz, what's your take on the Islanders, buddy?
I wrote it down in my notes when they ended up coming back
and winning that game in a shootout.
Did Barzell win it?
I don't know if he won it, but he scored in it with a sick little
around-the-world move.
Nice to see him and Trotz have patched things up.
We like to try to get you Islanders fans going, but guess what?
Oh, I got something to get you going.
No, they're bending us over right now, and guess what?
This team has something very special about them.
I was dead wrong at the beginning of the season, and I'm done ripping on the Islanders
because they are making me look like a fool,
making us look like fools, boys. This is second year in a row. This is second year where I look
like a fool. They've dummied us, Biz. But here's what I'm going to say. As impressive as it is,
guys, what we said about you in the middle of the win streak, it doesn't really change. That's my
point. That's been my point in all of this. It's a boring team.
Success, you don't give a shit as a fan if your team's boring, right?
You just want to see wins.
Well, you know what business I'm in?
I'm in the entertainment business, and I enjoy seeing entertaining hockey,
high-scoring hockey.
The Islanders, now, yes, they put up three to tie it late in the third,
and they score, and then they win the shootout.
They're a great team.
I will gladly say your team is outstanding.
I don't enjoy watching them play.
I think that's the only issue.
I think that's why they don't get discussed as much as their fans think they should.
It is just hockey that, while being successful, isn't appeasing to my eye.
That's a fair statement.
isn't appeasing to my eye.
That's a fair statement.
And we were making our run in Phoenix during the season.
Yeah, we weren't the most entertaining team.
We used to just suck them into this boring hole,
and they'd be like, oh, God, like, fuck.
And then, yeah, I would agree with that. But as you said, their fan base wants to respect
because they are getting the wins.
Yeah, and one other thing with the Islanders is they're special teams.
I mean, their penalty kill has been unreal.
They haven't been getting a lot of power plays,
but I think they lead the league in penalty killing.
If not, they're right up there, near close to number one.
The goaltender, like I said, has been incredible as well.
That's the one thing, R.A.
Is goaltending systems?
I mean,
if they lose Grice and then they're unreal again,
now as good as Varlamov's been,
at what point,
are these guys that good defensively
where any goalie you stick in there is going to be
solid?
I think if effort
outworks talent, effort usually wins out a lot
of the time.
I think Grice is probably the number one based on slight advantage in the numbers.
But, you know, Valimov's got a pretty good track record
where you could probably throw either guy out there.
Part of me probably subconsciously at the start of the year,
I didn't think the goaltending was going to be as good
because they felt that they didn't need Leonard in order to be successful.
And I think that made a lot of people, like, because of his story and and what it meant to them I think people were maybe a little bitter
about that but they probably were like hey we're not we're not giving up a lot of high-end scoring
chances and we get a lot of shots from the outside for a team like us to like go spend a lot of money
on a goalie it doesn't make sense if a guy's not competent enough to get the saves done
from where we're giving the shots,
then we'll just find the next guy that's not worth not that much money.
And, I mean, what did they get Varlamov for?
I don't even know his cap hit.
I would assume that they had to pay him less
than they would have had to give him to Leonard, correct?
Yes.
So that's where like Jesus Christ
Lou Lamarillo and and and Trotz I don't know who's in the room making these decisions I would imagine
maybe it's just more than Lou but Jesus Christ man this guy's a very intelligent man he's oh no
sorry I think they did pay more no they make they make the same money same amount five million a
year yeah but it was they had to give all 20 million, and what did Leonard get?
What did Leonard get?
Say he had a four-year deal?
Right.
I thought he meant just the annual salary.
Yeah, Leonard got a one-year deal for 5 million, and Varlamov got the, what was it?
Four for 20 million.
Four times five, 20 million.
I mean, hey, it's worked out so far, right?
So they look like the geniuses.
Basically, they knew.
It was weird.
They knew that it was like Leonard was this good
and the season he had was that impressive,
but we don't really need him
and we think this guy's a better player.
Now, saying that, I'd be curious to know
what Leonard was asking for then
because if they were prepared to give him the same amount
that they gave to Varlamov, then it's like,
oh, okay, shit, wow, they offered him quite a bit of money that he thought maybe he's worth more.
But I don't know.
And over, I think, the last 10 games, they've been shorthanded 30 times.
They've only given up one goal while shorthanded.
They also scored a shorthanded goal, too, so it kind of offset there.
So, yeah, I mean, they're obviously not going to sustain this the entire year,
but this is the time of year you do want to stockpile points
so when you do hit a wall later, you don't fucking fall out of playoff position.
Let's see, moving along here.
Biz, we had some festivities in your game yesterday.
Calgary, Arizona, nice little skirmish getting the goalie involved.
Darcy Kemper, Matty Kachuk going at it.
You were covering that game yesterday, right?
Yeah, I was kind of like frozen up on the radio
because people just started flying around it it happened really fast so long story short goudreau gave
demers a little cross check in the back you know being unbiased i think demers might have sold it
a little bit oh whatever it nonetheless it was still a cross check in the back okay so then after
the the 50 50 dive okay goudreau gave him another whack and then kachuk
gave him a little whack so darcy kemper probably being irritated by the fact he's had to play
against kachuk he fucking like gives him like a suplex and then and then melee ensues like
darcy kemper like kachuk was throwing legit bombs at darcy Kemper, man. That's pretty wild, right?
And Darcy Kemper wasn't fucking backing down either.
So it was kind of cool.
And then Giordano came in and he was throwing bombs at Kemper too.
Yeah, like it was crazy.
And then Riddick came all the way down.
And, I mean, it was cool because the home fans got to see that.
It was a little scary though because Kachuk ended up falling on Darcy Kemper
and it looked like he buckled his knee and i was going to be like oh god like really we just
lost our our a1 starter here and uh no he was he was good he got back up he put his mask on like
he was like he was laughing with derrick step on about it now if you're a flames fan like i think
you guys got the better end of that deal we They only ended up getting a two-minute penalty,
and that Anderson kid was throwing our left or right bombs at Kemper, too,
when he was locked up.
If that's a player, dude, that's no surprise.
If you see somebody just go from behind and headlock and slam someone to the ice, you don't really care at that point,
and everyone saw him do it, I think.
I'll say this.
I think Lawson Kraus tried to ask Anderson to fight after
when they ended up getting locked up at one point.
But if I would have been chasing someone on the ice
if they were throwing punches at my goalie,
especially after he was already tied up.
Inside rabbit punches.
Yeah, buddy, Anderson was throwing fucking inside rabbit punches at him. I wouldn't have he was tied up. Buddy Anderson was throwing
side rabbit punches at him. I wouldn't
have cared. I would have jumped Anderson afterward.
It would have been...
But that's also when I played.
I've never been a part
of anything like that on the ice.
Yeah, I was going to protect you, goalie.
Only five teams with more points than the
Desert Dogs, Biz. They did get the win over
Calgary. 7-3-2 on the road.
That's pretty impressive.
But personally, I thought the highlight of the night came from that game,
and it was before the game.
Just an absolutely awesome move by Oliver Ekman-Larsen.
They were doing the Hockey Fights Kansas stuff last night,
and 8-year-old Leighton Akado, who was currently undergoing cancer treatment,
was to drop the puck for the ceremonial face-off.
So Oliver Ekman-Lassman called an audible at the last second,
and he had Leighton take the face-off against Mark Giordano
while he dropped the puck.
It was just such a cool gesture, man.
The crowd really got into it.
Like I said, it was probably my favorite highlight of Saturday Night Biz.
The building must have been pretty cool seeing that in person, huh?
Oh, yeah.
She snapped it back, set the tone.
We were 100 on draws going into the game,
and it was game over from there.
Three-nothing win.
Leighton, first star.
They gave her first star.
Did you mention that?
Oh, no.
I didn't catch that.
No, I didn't see that.
She came out and did a lap.
They interviewed her.
Did she chuck a stick into the crowd?
I don't know.
I don't know if she did.
I was  because we were in the midst of doing the radio,
and then I was, like, peeking down and trying to listen in.
Dude, yesterday also what I saw that was so cool was
did you see Iowa football games?
There's, like, a children's hospital you can see from the field.
Yeah.
Obviously on their campus.
And before the game, the whole place, both teams stand up and like wave to the kids oh that is sick no way yeah these
kids fighting cancer they can see over the game you know into into the into the stadium so i i'd
never seen that before i was like that's so so cool just reminding that oh yeah so hockey fights
cancer in general i mean a lot of buildings had
a lot of cool uh you know like uh before the game they would have a little ceremony and and
bring people out to drop the puck buffalo looked like they had a bunch of people on the ice and
jerseys did you see the highlights from that i just saw eichel's four talks i didn't see the
before well i guess we can transition to that no I didn't even see the beginning, though. I was just
flipping around.
A special night in the NHL
where all teams participate
and everybody's got the
ties on. It's just good. A lot of people
are going through
fighting that disease and a lot of
families have been affected by it.
Fuck cancer. Whit, you just
brought up Jack Eichel. That's the next note I had there. Four goals for the kid. He's having affected by it. Yeah, fuck cancer. Whit, you just brought up Jack Eichel.
That's the next note I had there.
Four goals for the kid.
He's having an unreal year, 23 points in 19 games.
Put the Sabres on their back.
Hopefully they'll avoid any T-shirt jinxes this year.
But did you catch much of that game, Whit?
Oh, I caught those goals.
I've probably watched each one of them six times because it's so funny.
His shot is one of the best in the league, and when he uses it with speed,
it would almost make any Buffalo fan or fan of Jack Eichel,
whoever might argue he passes too much,
these three goals will be the three goals you think of the rest of your life
if you ever get upset that you think he passes too much.
He came flying down the ice biz and was just backing off these,
snapping these absolute rockets for the first three.
One of them he used the D perfectly.
The other one just beat him high glove.
It looked like a high school kid out against a bunch of little peewees
just sniping off the rush.
And then the fourth one was an empty netter.
But I'm not even saying people complain he passes too much,
but you want him to shoot as much as possible
if you go look at Eichel's hat trick from the other night.
Yeah, he's having an unreal year.
I haven't had much chance to watch him,
but I know earlier in the season,
I think he made a mistake in overtime
and the fan base was getting on him a little bit.
And after that, since then, he's just been popping off.
And I'm sure puck line bettors were particularly appreciative
of that empty netter, given the 4-2 win to Buffalo.
Boys, I hate having to do this every week,
but it's an injury roundup,
and there seems to be a big name on here every week.
Sid the Kid, we talked about his sports hernia last week,
and he did finally undergo that surgery.
It was successful.
A core muscle injury repair, they called it.
His expected recovery time is a minimum of six weeks.
And Geno's numbers, interesting, actually go up when Sid is out of the lineup.
He averages 1.15 points with Sid in the lineup.
Without Crosby, he actually goes up to 1.33 points per game.
So Geno puts the team on his back a little bit in these situations.
Well, they both have done it their entire career.
One of them's gone down. I think both of
their numbers are better with
the other guy not in the lineup. That's
kind of a guess on Crosby, but I
wouldn't be surprised.
Last night was no different. It was Saturday night.
Excuse me. I always do that.
He dominated against Toronto.
It shows like a... It doesn't make much sense why he wouldn't score as much.
I guess the issues of Sid getting it more in crunch time
and holding on to it in, I guess, like a longer  in a longer time frame,
how much more often does Sid hold on to the puck in a game
when him and Malcolm are playing in the same game?
Would you guess it's a lot more or just a little?
Well, I was going to say you got two guys who have that clutch gene
where they can have that puck in that moment,
whereas I think maybe sometimes it gets overthought
or sometimes it's like, hey, if you think you're right in the the way if you take it if and then i would say it's a mutual respect of them trying to pass it around
and keep it fair enough where it's like well fuck you got two it's it's it's tough to balance
and then when they're alone they're like all right i don't even need to really look yeah i'm like i
i'm gonna do it on my own and then they just step it up but yeah it's uh it's a tough it's gonna be
it's gonna be tough for the Penguins, though, man.
This is going to be six hard weeks, but I wouldn't be surprised,
as we've seen before, Geno just take over.
I love it.
I love how, like, one guy is like, all right, you know what?
I got to put the team on my back.
You're down.
You do it.
When I'm out of the lineup, it's like, all right, here we go.
And we saw it at the beginning of the season.
We said, we go, fucking Malcolm went down right away.
We go, watch, Sid's going to put him on the back, and he did.
It's just funny how it happened so quick.
Now it's the other guy's got to do it.
Three-year Super League, motherfucker.
Hey, Biz, sports hernia surgery means the docs had to trim Sid up a little bit
downstairs, and hopefully they were using the Lawn Mower 3.0 from Manscaped.
Support for spitting chickens does come from manscaped who
is number one in men's below the belt grooming manscaped also offers precision engineered tools
for your family jewels jingle balls to the walls fellas listen up untrimmed pubes are a thing of
the past it's time to gear up and get yourself the gift of shaving this holiday season i'm talking
about the manscaped perfect package 30. That's why this revolutionary company,
Manscaped, has redesigned the electric trimmer because of accidents. You don't want to be fooling
around with your scrotum too much. You need to be taking care of that stuff. The Lawn Mower 3.0 has
proprietary advanced skin-safe technology, so this trimmer won't nick or snag your nuggets.
It's also waterproof, so you can use it in the shower, which is probably the best place to do
this stuff. The Lawn Mower 3.0 comes inside their brand new Perfect Package 3.0, which makes
for the perfect gift this holiday season. It's literally everything you need to keep trimmed,
cut free, and smelling nice down there. And don't use the same trimmer on your face as you use on
your balls. That's just nasty. The Manscaped Perfect Package 3.0 also includes the Crop Preserver,
an anti-chafing ball deodorant and moisturizer.
You already put deodorant on your armpits.
Why are you not putting deodorant on the smelliest part of your body?
Yes, your balls stink.
Speaking of sweaty and stinky balls, I'm thankful for the Crop Reviver.
This product, along with the Crop Preserver,
keeps your balls from sweating, smelling, and sticking.
And these products smell good.
The manly scent is attractive and will help set the mood, if you know what I mean.
Tis the season to Manscaped, so get yourself, your dad, your brother, and friends the best gift of all.
The Manscaped Perfect Package 3.0.
Get 20 off, plus free shipping with the code CHICKLETS at manscaped.com.
Your balls will thank you.
Again, get 20 off and free shipping with the code CHICKLETS at manscaped.com.
Again, that's 20 off with free shipping at manscaped.com
and use the code CHICKLETS to lean up your nuts and make Santa proud this year.
Who now?
Little people's balls trim business.
Also a good slump buster, too.
Trim that stuff up if you need to.
A couple more injuries of note.
Boston Bruins continue to battle the injury bug early in the season as Torrey Krug was placed on the I.I.
and Patrice Bergeron missed his first game of the season Saturday
versus the Caps.
Bergeron is still nursing a groin injury from the playoffs when camp opened,
so I don't know how long it's going to nag him for.
Cassidy said the issue is relatively minor.
The team just wanted to be careful with back-to-back games.
Krug, the team's power play quarterback, has an upper body injury.
He's not on long-term injury reserve, so he should be back relatively soon.
He's currently have three guys on long-term and another four
on regular injury reserve.
Calgary Flames defenseman T.J. Brody had a scary moment in Thursday's practice.
He just straight-up collapsed during practice.
He was standing there and suddenly fell to the ice.
He was released from the hospital the same day,
and testing ruled out anything severe that could have caused it.
The team doctor, Ian Auld, said all the early indications are it's very likely
more related to a fainting episode than something significant inside the brain.
He's home resting now. There's currently no timetable for his return. Hopefully it was just a fainting episode than something significant inside the brain. He's home resting now.
There's currently no timetable for his return.
Hopefully it was just a fainting spell.
Two more quick ones.
Montreal's Jonathan Drouin also went to the IR.
Per Sportsnet's Eric Ingles, Canadians say Jonathan Drouin went into concussion protocol
following the second period bundling from Ovechkin.
I don't know if you saw that hit.
Absolutely trucked him.
But the Canadians said that he sustained the injury in the third period, and it wasn't from the hit from Ovechkin. I don't know if you saw that hit. Absolutely trucked him. But the Canadian said that he sustained the injury in the third period,
and it wasn't from the hit from Ovechkin.
Either way, he's on the I.I.
And the Maple Leafs announced that Alex Kerfoot will be out indefinitely
following surgery to repair facial dental fractures when he took a puck
to the mug a little while back.
So hopefully these guys will get back soon.
Biz, we hate seeing this many guys, right?
I know.
I was just going to say, you mentioned Patrice bergeron and oh my god that guy goes through so
much because of how hard he plays and uh i was gonna ask you guys if he stays on this trajectory
of what he's been doing to let's say he's how how old is he probably 33 34 i think he's 34
if he plays another five years and keeps doing what he's doing,
will they build a statue for him outside of that arena one day?
That's a good question.
He's got to be one of the greatest Bs of all time already.
Yeah, but I say yes.
I say absolutely yes.
Statue?
I'm going to say no.
Who has statues out there?
Michael Jordan, Mario Lemieux.
Does Lemieux have one?
Am I making up?
No, he's got the one of him splitting the two islanders.
If he's able to bring them out.
Is that at their arena?
It was outside the igloo when I went out there.
I'm not sure.
God, my brain.
And Gretzky, I don't know, man.
They got a war.
They don't have one for Esposito.
They don't have one for Cam Neely.
Now, granted, Cam Neely and Ray Bork didn't win Stanley Cups for them.
Statue's a big deal, bro.
All right.
Yeah.
Well, that's why I was asking.
Yeah.
And Crosby gets a statue.
Oh, for sure.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
They're doing the same shit.
They'll do a Crosby-Malkin joint statue.
You heard it here first.
The two-headed monster?
No, it'll be them coming.
Imagine Pittsburgh's fucking statue is them two.
It's a big-ass expensive statue.
It's them two on a 201, but you see me trailing in the back.
You can't see.
It's just a third guy, but they know it's me by they make the
ears on the guy big so it could be letang it could be anyone but like it's just my ears it's like
that's you wet no they were there at the beginning you'll be there in eternity you make it letang but
you go there at night and you mold it so the ear sticks out so people think it is you oh god uh
wait i know we're recording sunday afternoon i knew you were talking the other
day this guy was telling you to bet jacksonville bet jacksonville did you end up betting jacksonville
yeah i bet jacksonville and i'll tell you i told the story about the guy before who uh really
screwed me with the unsolicited picks now clueless me i'll admit it before i begin the little bit of
the story i have it's the jaguars and i took them them again. So I'm 0-2 on the Jaguars.
In the end, whose fault is it?
It's the guy who presses enter on the bet.
But we're sitting in line.
We're not sitting in line.
We're sitting and meeting people who are waiting in line
at the Pink Whitney event in Philly.
Now, this kid comes up, and it's one of the same goddamn things
that happened before is when he comes up.
Wait, I know you're a gambler.
I have the lock of the year.
Same exact.
It wasn't even.
Bino gave me the ones that were.
He was just kind of giving opinion.
This kid was like, listen, it's a lock.
Foles is coming back.
I said, listen, I'm going to I'm going to try to ruin you if you're wrong.
Like, I'm going to be I'm just you're because you're coming up to me out of nowhere.
You don't need to do this. If you don't, if you're not that confident, don't tell
me I'm as confident as humanly possible. You won't need to ruin me because I will never,
ever allow you to lose this game. They got pounded, buddy. It's 31, seven. Okay. They,
I just said, don't say these things. If you're not that sure that you can't be that sure,
unless this kid knew that Indianapolis had 23 guys out with the flu.
He didn't know for sure, but he just convinces me.
And it's, it drives me nuts. And I tweeted out and then big cat.
And I would Dan cats. Everyone knows him. Big cat superstar.
He's a degenerate.
We were tweeting out our picks this morning and he says, well,
what do you got to go? This kid's guaranteed the Jags. He put his life on it. He put a degenerate. We were tweeting out our pics this morning, and he says, well, what do you got to go? This kid's guaranteed
the Jags. He put his life on it. He put
his reputation on it. So he wants them
dead, too. And I've tweeted out, who are you?
Come forward. And he hasn't. And it's upsetting
because you said you
said you'd come take the music. You'd face
the music. And now it's
time because they got crushed.
How much you put on it?
Three grand.
Oh, my God.
Off a stranger fucking telling you.
Listen, Colts are a good fucking team, too.
Anytime someone says NFL log running.
That's the other thing.
The kid didn't say Brissette was back.
I know, R.A.
I know.
I know.
But when you have someone come up, it's like,
how mad would you be if you didn't take it?
That's more my thing. If I had this random stranger in Philly give me this and then I didn't come up, it's like, how mad would you be if you didn't take it? That's more my thing.
If I had this random stranger in Philly, give me this,
and then I didn't listen, I'd be like, why didn't I listen to that kid?
That kid was waiting in line to buy a drink with my name on it.
I almost out of respect listened to him, and he fucks me.
3,300 worth of respect.
Hey, speaking of degenerates, I think it's time for Matt Murley.
I think we ought to send it over to him right now.
Let's bring in Morales.
What a blast.
What a blast catching up with him.
Matt Murley, everyone.
Suitcase.
Wow.
Guys, this is a very special guest.
I know I say that quite often, but he's been on one time before.
But that was before Biz Nasty.
This was an early, early guest One of my closest friends in hockey
The man who taught me how to gamble
He taught me what lines were
He taught me puck lines
He taught me NFL bets
Money lines
ARs
He taught me it all
He taught me blackjack
The 51st pick, I believe, in 1999
He was drafted in the 90s
Matthew Murley
Thank you so much for joining the show.
Recently retired.
Yeah, thanks for having me.
A couple low blows there, but I deserve a little more than that.
Well, it wasn't necessarily a low blow because what happened was,
and I think you did tell this the last time,
the first time we ever met, you dragged me to a casino.
I was late for curfew.
And you taught me how to play blackjack.
So since then, I've lost.
I don't even really want to throw a number out there.
I know you're at the same spot.
The true degenerate.
Why did you even ever get me into that shit?
Yeah, I apologize for that first off.
I actually have a really good story from the first episode.
I had to explain how I gamble in Europe
and I was telling you about a website I have.
Don't I get an email a week later from Bet 365 oh you're a former or you're a pro hockey player you can no longer bet hockey with our
website no wow really so they cut me off they cut me off all hockey i could still bet baseball
soccer they cut me off from hockey and uh so i obviously had to stop playing there my girlfriend
at the time johanna ends up making her own account, so I started using hers.
What a bunch of pussies, man.
I heard KHL is one of the easiest to gamble on
because certain teams are going to get the calls at home
and they want them to win.
Huge lines, though.
Well, there's definitely been  I mean, you guys have enough stories of it
where the referees get the beers and the strippers into the dressing room
on certain games.
And if you're really looking to KHL, you catch them late in the season
when the big clubs, CSKA, SK, they gobble up the best player
from each of the other teams for the playoff runs.
Then you start hammering them.
You can hammer them.
You can hammer the other team losing.
Little league teams are fucking rigging up for the state tourney.
Yeah, exactly.
So there's some money to be made there.
Well, another thing we didn't talk about was the fact that I guess
when you guys got him on the first time, he had to help you guys out because you'd lost
an interview so you needed someone to come on for that episode and you called murals and murals is
like guys i just crushed the bam bam like 30 minutes ago uh he's like wait i'm on a sleeper
i'm like murals fucking wierenski for the second time isn't answering his phone this guy's treating
us like a complete pigeon he's like ah shit ah, shit. All right. And then last night we were chatting.
I was like, I really listened to make sure I don't tell the same stories.
But I think at the end I was like, I was falling asleep.
I was on that Swedish sleeper.
Blacked out.
A little mumbly at the end of the last one.
I apologize.
But, you know, it was, I think, midnight or something in South Korea.
And we had a game the next day.
That's right, too.
Yeah, you were in South Korea.
The time was all messed up.
Well, it's funny finally meeting you.
It was like meeting a long-lost buddy,
because since then we're both degenerates,
so we've been DMing back and forth,
so it was like a big bear hug when we met each other,
like my gambling cousin.
Hey, you went to RPI,
so you're not too much of a dummy then, right?
Yeah, I used to be really smart.
No chance he gets in without hockey.
After 20 years of this, or what is it it 19 years of pro hockey whatever i played like those book smarts
are long gone but uh you're a math guy though uh not like you i pretty much lost everything but i
can tell you any hockey system or i can tell you any kind of player you want my hockey knowledge
is still there but the the mathematics and book stuff is pretty long gone.
Do you know Otzi at all, a fellow alum?
Yeah, I've met him a couple times.
He's not really around the program that much when I was there.
Joe Juno is a guy I really remember watching there.
You mean Joe A. Juno?
You were going to all those games?
The way I went to BU, you were going to RPI games.
Yeah, when I could.
In 1985, they won the national title.
So that's, I mean, I was six years old. So you were 20.
You were 20.
That was the biggest thing, and that's why I went to RPI.
Like, I always wanted to go there and grow up there.
Program's going a little rough times right now,
but, you know, hopefully it turns around.
So funny enough, I'll go into the story of what happened last night
at the Caps Flyers Caps game.
But I was recently reminded, Merles, we're watching the game.
We're talking about how good these kids were and how fast the game is now and how cocky some of the young guys are.
They're just so cocky.
They just know they're good and they come in and they don't care and there's no veterans intimidating them.
Merles goes, I was unbelievable.
Then I lost my cockiness.
Merles is the guy that went into RBI his freshman year.
They got a two-mile run.
What did you do on that?
Yeah, you told that story last time.
Yeah, but people haven't heard it.
We were running the track, so I made it two laps, 800 meters.
I didn't run.
All we did was play hockey.
My coach growing up was just hockey, hockey, hockey.
No lifting, no running.
I couldn't run anymore. I go, I'm done. The guys are all over me keep going i'm done i'm here to score
i'm not i'm not here how resentful were they they were they were not impressed they were not
impressed but then so you slapped up would you say at the end though night we played bu and i
scored the opening goal so and then everything was fine 49 points in 36 games. Yeah, that was a good run there that year.
And, man, it was a long time ago.
Was there one vet that was just trying to bully you the entire season?
Oh, yeah.
Mark Murphy.
He was a beauty.
And the only reason I've made it this far in life, like, live, is because of him.
He taught us everything we know.
And he's like, yeah, he'd bully you.
Like, yeah, go get me a roll of tape, you know?
But that's what you had to do back then.
Like, the young guys did what the veterans said,
and it taught you how to be a pro.
Like, even though we were still in college,
it taught you how to be a pro.
Like, respect the game.
But even if they were teaching the wrong lesson,
you were like, this is my question.
You just did with everything.
This guy, Mark Murphy, he was the bouncer at the bar.
Oh, that's a fine.
No, no.
It's a Swedish voice telling him that a bet just hit.
He's the bouncer at the bar of The Rock when we were in college.
And so then us, we would show up.
And we're underage, so we get right in.
So he'd be like, Matt, and me and Migs.
He's like, Matt, Migs, you guys run the door for me.
Check everybody's ID.
So we'd have to sit there all night and check everybody's ID.
And he would just be mucking around the bar drinking.
He drank for free.
And he'd just be able to muck with all his other senior classmates and stuff.
He made the two freshmen check the IDs for us.
Would you at least let your gas beers for your soda?
Yeah, we got the free draft beers too.
I mean, dollar beers back then.
That was the guy.
We played him in the AHL playoffs.
He'd get the beard.
He just looked like Grizzly Adams.
Yeah, he was a hell of a player.
You guys are going to smoke me for this, but where is RPI?
Troy, New York.
Troy, New York, just outside Albany.
Earl thinks Troy, New York is the south of France.
He thinks it's like Lake Como, Italy.
It's Troy.
The capital district.
A little known fact, it's the home of Uncle Sam.
You know the poster you see, like I want you?
That's Uncle Sam.
He's from Troy, New York.
Any other fun facts we should know about Troy, New York?
Or maybe even Albany?
Matt sat in a bar line with any human ever in Troy, New York.
So you would enjoy that.
I don't know.
I mean, not in Albany.
It's part of the Tri-City region of Albany, Troy.
The one thing I'll say about Troy
is Merle's got me into the ponies
and it's pretty close to Saratoga
and that's where we really originally got
after it. Exactly. I'm only
there in the summer usually and it's Saratoga
season. There's nothing better. What is it about
Saratoga? Because I've heard a bunch of guys talk
about it and they say that all the time. Rockets and horses.
Yeah. So
you're telling me like like really attractive
women rather go there than let's say like the hamptons and stuff like where like how is it
such a travel destination because it's only open one month a year it's gonna it's it's old it has
like a real like quaintness about it it's it's almost like stepping back in a time machine a
little bit because the old it's like the old-fashioned toe boards and it's funny you
really have it runs the total financial gamut.
You've got like gazillionaires who own tons of horses next to like degenerates
like me in their sweatpants.
So does Dave go there?
Oh, yeah.
Dave Porto?
Yeah, he's always up there.
He's always up there.
He's dusted up with his suit on.
I think we should do a content piece and get all the degenerate gamblers together
and go to Saratoga.
One time.
At least I'll have something to distract me while you guys are losing money. Yeah, last time I saw Witt was in Saratoga. One time. And we just all have something distracting while you guys are losing money.
Yeah, last time I saw Witt was in Saratoga
for your brother's bachelor party.
I think we bet 17 races,
and we went one in 16 or something.
And then we just called it.
We quit after a race.
I'm like, all right, we're done.
We went up to the horseshoe.
We went up to drink,
and it was one of those things.
I hadn't seen him in two years almost.
I haven't seen him since we met. I'm so we go up we're 1 and 16 in the races
so we're like all right let's just take a little break we just start drinking you know i'm sorry
there was probably five races left when we went up either way we start drinking like an hour and a
half goes by where you're just it feels like a minute you're catching up with an old teammate
closest buddy but all right there's one race less there was one race left we hammer the favorite like three to one both get dummied on
that one have no money i my atm is maxed out he loses his credit card i'm like we can't even we've
grown up 10 years we still can't even be responsible for five minutes together so murray
when did you first meet these two guys in camp? Wilkes-Barre, right?
Oh, in Pittsburgh.
I think I actually met Biz first.
And he tells a story.
And Witt always, I know, gives him a hard time.
But he was like he  I thought he made the team when he was 18 years old.
He was a D-man.
He was on the team.
Like I was the same way.
I played every exhibition game.
He was in every exhibition game too.
And like this kid is going to make it out of nowhere.
And, I mean, I don't know if we grabbed somebody on waivers at the last second.
I think Dan Foch was coming back from a knee injury and that made eight.
I mean, listen, I loved, I had a great camp.
I had a ton of confidence. I thought maybe I had a chance to at least start the year there.
And man, I was line matched against joe thornton
and at the halifax game did you play in that one in that game i was playing with strata and i don't
know if lemieux was in that one he didn't play the road he didn't go to he only played a couple
of the home games he would even do a skate after practice and that's what i love i was on the ice
in that story when uh mario gave the to the bag okay so there you go and i was i wanted
you to bring it up to edzo when you had him on the other day i was like oh i hope he brings it up i
know dude we ended up you go into so much with edzo we didn't even go into it like that there's
too much to talk to him about um so that's how i met biz was there and then wit um was in uh
wilkes-barre so i we've heard before i think I was a different person, though, when I was there as an 18-year-old
at his fence, because I didn't talk
much then. I wasn't as
obnoxious as when I came in when I was
20, and then that's when I first met Witt,
and he's like, who the fuck is this guy?
He's an idiot.
I'm just nasty.
A lot of these older guys were kind of like,
holy shit, this guy talks a lot for
his first camp, and that was just rare back then.
Yeah, but then a month later, you loved him.
A month later, you loved the guy.
Really rare back then.
Now it's just everybody does it.
So how about in 99 when you're picked second round,
Koltsov was picked in the first round.
How about how that went out?
Yeah, it was in Boston.
So we were running around Southie the night before and stuff.
But my junior coach had known somebody in Pittsburgh,
and he got the info like, yeah, they're deciding between you or colts off for the first round
pick 17th overall i'm like oh this is great i don't somebody said it went down to like a coin
toss so i'm but now my coach tells me this i'm like oh cool like all right i'm gonna go in the
next few picks then you're like give me a thousand on the heads nope nope nope sitting there sitting
there sitting there hangover's getting worse by the minute like oh my god am i ever gonna get picked
and then when pittsburgh came up the second time like well if that story's true i'm definitely
gone i went there and and uh a great story about that is at the time it was kevin constantine was
the coach for pittsburgh at that time so i went up to the suite and met him who ends up being
so basically he's my first coach pro.
Yeah.
Never played for him there.
But who ends up being my last coach pro?
Kevin Constantine over in South Korea last year.
No shit, huh? So I had some old pictures of him.
Is he still over there?
Yeah, he's still over there again this year.
Was he awesome?
He is like a hockey genius.
I think he started all this analytics and statistics and stuff.
Really?
Yeah.
So what about the
He is nuts. People also said he was a prick.
Like, did you see that?
No, I never saw that from him.
But I mean, I was an older guy.
So, you know, I wouldn't have saw that as much.
But he is just like his meeting.
He just wants to watch video and meet.
And he just loves it.
Yeah.
And he is all into those analytics.
And I didn't know anything about that playing all over Europe.
And he was amazing.
Like, if I ever get into coaching, I will use his books.
I basically want to steal his laptop and just copy whatever he does.
He was an unbelievable coach.
He was the first coach to ever coach the Sharks, I think.
Yeah, I think so, yeah.
I think they made the playoffs one year and upset somebody.
He always talked about that.
It's such a fine line.
So I played in the American League towards the end of my career
with L.A.'s farm team team and mike stothers man like we would we would watch a
decent amount of video and everyone had to sit in there but it's such a fine line because like
guys guys his tension spans aren't great i mean i'd say that's like a one knock on hockey guys
where if you don't watch video and correct your mistakes and figure out what it is you're doing wrong,
you're behind the eight ball.
All these younger guys, they're all on their iPads
watching every shift that they played the night before.
So playing with him, were you doing a lot of that?
Yeah, I mean, we watched everything.
He had clips for everything,
and then you would have your team clips for maybe a half hour,
and then everybody would have their own individual clips.
You'd go with the assistant coach or you'd go with him.
He'd show you two or three things.
With that kind of coaching, you know not to do it the next time.
I would catch myself skating and like, oh, I don't want that to be on video.
I better go back in front of the net.
You know how your forecheck can go behind the net?
He would always make it come back out in front of the net.
He's going to stop the video.
So it's like, I don't want to be on video.
I better cut back in front of the net. That's why I thought St video. So it's like, I don't want to be on video. I better cut back in front of the net.
That's why I thought Stutters was so good
is because the things that he thought were the most important
he would beat it into you at the start of the season where...
Come second nature.
Well, by the time second half rolls around
like if your stick's not in that lane
when you're back checking and just there
and he'll stop the video and say,
Bud, you would have picked that off.
What the fuck are you doing?
I've been talking about it for three weeks now.
You get embarrassed.
So eventually, I mean, the year we ended up winning the Caller Cup,
everyone was just on the same page.
Every time they were in a certain position,
they knew exactly what to do.
And yeah, was it a bit of a pain in the arse
to be sitting in 30-minute-long meetings watching video?
But I'm convinced that that has to be done now in order
to have a successful team and that's and our old friend tarion he was great at the video and making
you hold accountable for all that stuff that was more of a pig roast yeah well that's what
wit tells me come down to philly for this interview and i'm like philly like why are we going to philly
then all of a sudden i started thinking i'm oh no tarion's the assistant coach down there like
maybe wit set me up for another meeting with Terrian.
He's going to come down here and yell at me again.
What were your thoughts on Terrian?
I thought he was great for my career personally.
He was a good coach.
Amazing coach.
He actually did like me, I think.
I was actually okay with him.
You were kind of one of his top dogs.
Last minute, you're out there for Terrian.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
He played me.
He just, the only thing I would say is, like, I was a scorer.
Like, the first year in the NHL, I was a scorer.
I was playing D on the power play as a scorer.
And when he came, he turned me into, like, the fourth-line PK guy.
He made you a plus.
But that's how I made the NHL, was a PK guy.
But he's a great coach, but his personnel is not great.
So do you think they gave up on you a little early?
No, they just kind of changed my role.
But he might have seen.
I was never good enough.
If I was really good, I would have played fourth line.
When somebody got hurt, go to that third line and score.
It just never happened.
He did what he thought.
I don't think this kid's going to make it as a first or second liner.
Yeah, correct.
He did what he thought could get you to the NHL.
So in a sense, did they give up up no but like they changed his role which probably created it harder for them to kind of keep you especially when you got injured all right
so when when that all was going down was he up front about it did he call you in and say hey
listen this is what i'm seeing i don't think you can be a top six at the next level i think your
way to get there yeah exactly he was heads up yeah i i'm the only person had more meetings than me with him was army but we used to have like a chalkboard in the room we'd
keep track of who had the most meetings going but he would go in there and he would say at the mat
if you want to play nhl you have to you play this role and i didn't mind that role i like playing
like well you became a rat too block shots try to draw penalties i like that shots, tried to draw penalties. I liked that role. That was fun.
Yeah, I think that's common to a lot of guys.
They're highly skilled in college.
And I always think of Tommy Fitzgerald.
He was awesome in Providence, and then he got to the NHL.
And they're like, buddy, you're not going to be a stud anymore.
If you want to stick, you've got to be a checker.
You played Albany River Rats for a year.
That must have been awesome for you, man.
I know it's not the show, but it's like your hometown team.
You probably grew up watching them.
Yeah, exactly.
I loved it. We were a, but it's like your hometown team. You probably grew up watching them. Yeah, exactly. I loved it.
That's why we were a split team of Colorado and Carolina.
And that's why I signed with Colorado.
I knew I was going to be in the minors, and I wanted to play one year back at home.
And you knew you'd get the Vegas exhibition game. That was a tough year, though, because I'd go out with the guys on the team like Sunday night.
Minor league hockey, you go out Sunday night, you know?
But then my friends from home and like my brother Tom and them guys want to go out with the guys on the team like Sunday night. My early hockey, you go out Sunday night, you know? But then my friends from home and like my brother Tom
and them guys want to go out Friday night.
So I'd go out Friday night, have to play the game Saturday.
But then, you know, five, six guys would come to the game Saturday.
Oh, I got to go back out again.
Like it was just  it was a tough system there.
A hungover season.
Yeah, but it was a very hungover season.
But it was a good season.
It's always fun when you can look up and see your parents at the game
and stuff like that. I mean, I like the all right i kind of want to go back to uh terry
and like do you have do you have any like funny stories off the top maybe funny meetings where
he just laid into you and um i didn't never got the worst i'm like armies was the worst one where
he like cleared the table and you want to go you want to go. And then the other really good one was Shane Endicott.
So Shane Endicott went in, and Terian had a cooler of beer,
and he throws, Shane, here, catch.
And Shane's like, what do you want?
He goes, well, I have another one.
The way you played tonight, it looks like you had about 15 of them last night.
So that was a fun one, and Endo didn't know what to do with that one.
Endicott was pretty sick.
That lockout year, this guy was like,
this guy's going to play in the NHL.
He had it all.
I mean, we didn't have any development back then.
We had no player development.
We had great players, but none of us got any better.
What happened to Endicott?
I mean, he just fell off.
Dude, he made the team out of the lockout,
and they were looking at him
like he's going to be,
you know,
third line center.
He was a,
he was 6'3",
230,
skated well.
He was like tough.
Great on faceoffs.
Great on faceoffs.
He was an awesome player
and I remember he sprained his ankle
and like he got fucked up
and then he came back.
I remember one time
he had like a really bad turnover
last guy
and I think after that
they ended up putting him on waivers
because at that point
it wasn't,
he had to go on waivers someone
might have grabbed him I don't remember exactly but he
got injured I know that well he came down to
the minors and he wasn't
able to ever find his game again yeah
you mentioned the high ankle sprain but like
next thing you know man he was playing on a line with
me this guy was supposed to be the future
of the Penguins and then he was playing fourth
line forward for anyone who wants to see something
full-blown comedy YouTube Colby
Armstrong and Shane Endicott
house Cribs episode
on YouTube they were in Wilkes-Barre
together I'll rewatch
it once a year and just be laughing the whole time
I mean they open the fridge there's like nothing
in there bottle ketchup army like
loses keys army and endo
where are keys
that whole crew of characters there.
There was a character.
Didn't you get to play with the Dagle right when you got to Wilkes-Barre?
I played with the Dagle my rookie year.
He was actually my line mate.
That's why my stats were probably so good, this guy.
And that's why I fly into Philly.
So we used to stay in the Philly airport.
We'd come down here, stay in Philly, and then we flew to the playoffs.
So this guy, this Dagle, oh, my God.
We're on the bus. There's a play, stay in Philly, and we flew to the playoffs. So this guy, this daggle. Oh, my God. We're on the bus.
There's a playoff game in two days, but we're coming down to Philly night before to fly out.
He's, Matt, Matt, I got a limo.
We go to Atlantic City tonight.
And I'm like, oh, really?
And I'm like, oh, look at this guy.
Like, NHL legend.
Like, date at Pam Anderson.
I'm like, whatever he says, I'm doing.
I'm in.
He goes, yeah, we go down.
We get a nice dinner.
You know, we just come back.
Like, who cares?
It's 40 minutes.
I got a limo.
No problem.
6 a.m.
6 a.m.
We're driving around the hotel.
I wake up in a limo.
We're driving around the thing.
The guy can't find a way in there.
I see the team loading up the bus to go to the airport.
So we have to get dropped off in the back of the hotel.
We rip the door open, go up the stairs.
And this is a guy I wanted to bring up was Tom Kostopoulos.
Oh, TK.
He was my roommate.
This guy is all time.
I walk in the door 6 a.m.
He knows exactly what's going on.
He's got my bag packed up for me right there.
He's like, dude, take five minutes.
Best teammate ever.
I just had it all set up for me.
He's like, don't worry.
You're fine.
This is great.
That guy, that's a veteran
that taught me a lot of anything how to be he'll fight anybody he'll go talk to the coach for
anybody he'll his best thing you would always offer beers up like guys we come back and win
this game i'll go to the bar and buy every beer tonight we'd be like we'd go nuts this is also
the guy and i've told this story before, right when I turned pro after college,
he's very dry sense of humor.
Everything he says, he doesn't really laugh at,
but he's just hilarious.
He's like, wow, your calves are unbelievable, man.
Do you work those out a lot?
I thought he was serious.
I was like, thanks, man.
And then everyone starts dying laughing.
But then sure as shit, he comes up.
He's like, anything you need?
I remember thinking, turning pro, I was like, wow,
this guy, you could tell every single person looks up to him.
I was like, this is what a pro is.
And he was a legend in the AHL, and he had a really good NHL career too.
He squeezed every amount of talent out of himself and hard work,
and he was amazing.
Is he the only guy in hockey history to play 600 NHL games?
No, Sean Thornton did that. I don't know if games in 600 days? No, Sean Thornton did that.
I don't know if TK did it.
I know Sean Thornton did it.
Oh, I could have sworn he hit 600.
Check that.
I'll click it right here.
But you know what?
Yeah, he was the man.
I mean, that's an elite class.
And I mean, I guess if there's only two guys that ever do it, we're two for two on beauties.
And another one then thinks that like, yeah, 630L games, and he must have had 600 in the AHL.
I wanted to bring this story up to pump Witt's tires a little bit,
show how good of a teammate Witt was.
This is the same time of year in Wilkes-Barre.
So in Wilkes-Barre, we'd go to the game rink, get dressed,
and then you'd go to the practice rink for practice.
Oh, that practice rink was the worst.
Yeah, the icebox or something, right?
Oh, my God.
So the night before practice, you know, before practice, we were playing poker or something,
and we had a few too many drinks.
And I don't think there was even cell phones back there.
Whatever.
My alarm doesn't go off.
But what do I wake up to?
Ryan Whitney in full hockey gear in my bedroom.
I'm like, what is going on here?
I had my helmet on, too.
He's like, dude, get up. He's like, your equipment's in the truck. Let's go. And I'm like, what? going on here? I had my helmet on too. He's like, dude, get up.
He's like, your equipment's in the truck.
Let's go.
And I'm like, what?
I'm all out of it.
He's like, dude, we're late.
Let's go.
So these guys, him and Army, like best teammates of all time,
go to the rink, like check in, see I'm not there.
They pack up my gear without like the coaches knowing or anything.
Because you drive yourself, luckily.
You drive yourself.
So they throw me in the truck.
It was like youth hockey. I got dressed in the truck luckily drive yourself so they throw me in the truck it was like you talk i got dressed in the in the back of the army's denali and we sneak into the
ice box terrian never knew get on the ice like practice come into the locker room after i paid
100 bucks to like tk no harm no fall yeah that's never had a no like paid my money but these guys
he saved me like who knows where I would have gone if I
Right, because now all of a sudden with Terry, man, if you're behind the eight ball,
like, that's one thing about him.
He was very spiteful where if you were that guy for him, he rode you pretty hard.
You'd get in the doghouse for a long time.
You'd have to do something special to get out.
Like, who was the one guy when you were
I know Noah Welch was a guy that he was pretty hard on because, you know,
maybe for a bigger guy, he wasn't the most physical and he played a softer game.
Maybe even softer than Witt, if you can believe it.
He was harder than me.
Noah hit more than me.
Oh, did he?
I'll admit that.
But who was the one guy where you guys were like, geez, man.
He was hard on Matt Hussey.
Remember Hus?
Yeah.
This kid was so good.
His snapshot was like Olofsson in Buffalo.
So good.
And he could skate like the wind.
He played at Wisconsin. Now, Matt Hussey plays in the NHL for 10 years. Yeah. This kid was snapshot was like Olofsson in Buffalo. He could skate like the wind. He played at Wisconsin.
Now, Matt Hussey plays in the NHL for 10 years.
This kid was a freak.
I'm going to say I was a soft player.
In the end, you probably look at Matt Hussey as a soft player.
He was so skilled, but he didn't play that gritty.
But, oh, my God, would he get on him.
And there were times you're like, Hussey just had four goals last night.
Maybe lay off him, and he's just going to score.
He didn't really necessarily accept the criticism that well sometimes, I'm sure.
I would say I put Eric Christensen in that same boat
as if he played in today's NHL.
He would have played 10 years.
He was nasty.
Hey, talk about a guy who loves heavy metal music.
Oh yeah, he'd put on his headphones and you'd just hear like Megadeth.
He could play the guitar.
War.
Drink the blood.
The biz doing death metal.
Every shootout.
Yeah, he's like the dogs and pets.
If you're a parent, you'll get that quote.
He was a shootout specialist.
He was a shootout specialist.
I think he stayed up some games in Pittsburgh just for that,
like when the shootout first came.
He would score every time.
Same move.
Going back quick, though, to that year with the poker,
because what would happen was I will never forget every day
I was so excited for practice to end because myself and Murley lived together.
Well, who came over?
Talbot, Nazardine.
Oh, yeah.
Rammer. Ramsey Abid and Colby Armstrong once in a while.
And we would get
Scryzy.
Oh, Mike Scroy.
We would play poker for six hours.
I can remember eating a huge meal after practice.
We'd get home.
Everyone would come over.
You'd play cards.
While we played cards, I'd make three bowls of Lucky
I'd have three bowls of Lucky Charms.
Then I'd make four pieces
of the cinnamon
toast, cinnamon raisin toast, and I'd
bloat it up with butter. This is in between
lunch and dinner. Then I'd crush dinner and beers.
I'm looking back like, no wonder
my body fat wasn't getting better.
The real degeneracy of that is, while
we were playing poker live with real
cards, we both had our computers on the side playing party poker.
So we were playing a live game and then playing the online.
Like real psychos.
Got the edge, eh, boys?
Yeah, we were nuts.
Ramsey Abid's another guy who I heard has incredible stories.
He was one of the funniest people I've ever met.
He was awesome.
He was hard to play against, too.
That's a guy you didn't want to play against.
He played hard.
He took the puck to the net
He would fight too
Remember who he would fight the one time
And he started beating him up with a helmet
I guess we kind of got to dive into Scroi
Were you guys on the team when he played his porno
In the bus
No I wasn't on the team
He always talked about them though
He said he had these but we didn't know if it was true or not.
He's like a UFC fighter, a pro poker player.
Yeah, he shows his UFC fights.
I remember that.
That guy, well, the funniest thing, Scrooge story of all time.
And Grinelli mentioned, I think he might have reached out to come on.
Oh, we'd love to have Scrooge.
Yeah, I think that was the person you said to me.
Dude, this guy gets signed by Wilkes-Barre because we need some toughness.
Well, what do you know?
They got to get headshots for him, right? Everyone needs a headshot
that's got to go on the big screen if you get a penalty or a
goal. I turn the corner as he's
out on the ice doing what we all did in training camp.
He's got his shirt off.
The photographer, I said,
what is his shirt off? He goes, hey, he said I have to take
a couple with his shirt off. You go in the media,
guy, you'd have his tattoos ripping over his peck
with a stick and hold it like this,
scroisy.
So he was a nut.
He would fight anyone.
He was a lunatic.
Remember, he had the car
and he says,
he said he took
the power steering out of it
because he would have to
wrestle the rest of the wheel
and made him stronger
for the fight.
He goes to take a right turn.
He's like,
it makes me stronger for fighting.
That's why I don't have power steering. Meanwhile, I'm driving a pregame mule and we're taking an easy right turn. He's like, it makes me stronger for fighting. That's why I don't have power steering. Meanwhile, I'm driving a pregame mule with him,
and we're taking an easy right turn.
He's like, this is why I throw hammers.
That whole team, that unit of players.
But a lot of guys played.
I mean, Fleury was there.
Orpik was there.
I mean, we had a crew.
I mean, this summer I'm listening.
Half your guests were down there,
and they're all like just the biggest beauties.
I'm like, I can't believe we're all on the same team together, these guys.
I think I was very fortunate to be drafted with a team who not only
I would say for the most part they drafted guys who were good people.
We had close teams and great leadership.
Like Nazardine was there most of the time that I was there.
I mean, he's a 10 out of 10.'s coaching with the new jersey devils now but not only that like the way
they ran wilkes-barre it was i mean they ran it just as close to an nhl team as probably any other
ahl team i mean i know toronto treats their players extremely well now but i mean just right
was it was it back then nobody else was doing that no like they are
now but they were selling out we were an nhl team we were sold out every night we you know we had
the best locker room the trainers were unbelievable like steeds he's still the he's a trainer in
pittsburgh now the athletic trainer he was amazing like and uh now you see that it's like yeah guys
put the money into these guys they're gonna play for you eventually yeah um who else do we need to
talk about uh who
were the who were the vets when you were there was uh like clayton kelly not clayton keller
chris keller keller was there he was my d partner he came i think back the lockout he wasn't there
my first year my first year we had um francois larue you know that guy the big old fighter
this guy he laid a beating on Brent Thompson
that I've never seen.
I was on this guy's team and I was like,
stop hitting him. This is getting ugly.
And credit this Brent Thompson. He was just
a warrior. He ate them all.
He ate them all, went into the locker room,
got done back up, and once his five minutes
was up, he was back on the ice.
But it was Francois LaRue. TK wasn't
old, but he was a veteran already. Buckley, Brendan Buckley, he was there. He was an on the ice But it was Francois Leroux Like TK wasn't old But he was a veteran already
Buckley
Brendan Buckley
He was there
He was an all-timer too
So what about
Jason McDonald
Was an old veteran
Fighter there
Then he dummied me
In Hartford
That's what I want to talk about too
Is your guest this summer
One is Walshie
He was my roommate
Oh my god
My rookie
Oh my god
You played with Walshie
He's the guy that caught me
He goes
He goes get on the bike now after practice
we'd ride the bike 20 minutes he's like now we go to the bar and i'm like oh okay so i go drinking
with him all day we get in the locker room practice he's like let's go get on the bike
sweat that out 20 minutes and then boom right back to the bar again like washy and you know
yes you guys have seen him now i'm like i didn't know what i was doing like i'll just listen to
this kid
He just like manipulated me
And then drinking every day
It seems like anytime
Somebody wanted you to go drinking
It wasn't like they had to twist
Yeah Merle's
Yeah Merle's is like
Yeah
Yeah they're like
Hey you need a drink partner
Go ask Merle
Yeah he's never said no before
I'm Irish you know
It's in my blood Chris
Well talk about drinking
Like in that time in your life
And I've heard all the stories
I never got to Actually join in on the fun But the Bruckheimer Well, talk about drinking. In that time in your life, and I've heard all the stories,
I never got to actually join in on the fun but the Bruckheimer.
The Bruckheimer.
Can you tell people what the Bruckheimer was and how you started going?
It was basically a men's league hockey tournament put on by Jerry Bruckheimer.
And it would be maybe four or five NHL superstars on the teams and then his friends in the business that like hockey,
the actors, the producers.
So who are some names of players?
I mean, Roenick, we used to go there.
Chelios, Reed Simpson, Bergevin.
I was the worst player.
I had no business there.
Was Fedorov?
Fedorov.
Fedorov was there.
Who were some of the celebrities that played?
Zach, the buddy. Jerry Bruckheimer was there. Kiefer Sutherland was was there. Who were some of the celebrities that played?
Jerry Bruckheimer was there.
Kiefer Sutherland was always there.
Definitely Cuba. That's what I won the award.
It's called the Kiefer Sutherland Award.
Is it really?
Two-time winner, didn't it?
And it goes to the biggest degenerate on the trip.
Who had the worst gambling night?
So I won that award one year.
Surprise, surprise.
Guys are making eight million you're
making 300 grand so i had and i won it all because of this one hand i mean it i don't know who knows
what time was i put up my last stake i had like 2 000 bucks i go that's it i'm going to bed win
or lose i'm going to bed of course i get two eights i gotta split them conley tim conley like
my best friend he's next to me he He loans me the two grand to split them.
A three.
Get a three.
So now I got a double.
And I'm like, Conley.
And he's like, no, I got nothing left.
Jim Cummins.
Remember that old fighter, Jim Cummins? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's there, and he's running the anchor.
He's just watching.
He sees it.
He throws me a two grand right away.
And I'm like, all right, I'm going to win.
Dealer's got a six.
I'm like, no problem.
Double.
I think I got 19, whatever.
Next one, I have to double again.
Jim Cummins throws me another two grand.
Oh, my God.
But boom, I got 20 now.
I'm like, this is great.
Dealer's got the six.
Clips to 10.
Bang, five.
I'm like, I owe Jim Cummins 4,000.
Like, this guy is going to kill me.
I never ran so fast to the cage to get the money back to pay that guy off.
What about the time, and you're a better
storyteller than I, but when you taught me
craps and the run that I went on.
That was a good night. That was post
my Russia season, so I was on
complete tilt and just life. I remember talking all
year with you in Russia like, get through it, get
through it. We'll go out in Vegas and have a big weekend. That's how you
get through Russia. I was thinking about it. You think about
like, what are we going to do with all this money when we get back?
So we are on a craps roll, craps degrees.
That's the only thing I play anymore is the craps.
Really?
So all of a sudden you see Witt.
He's laying on the floor doing a backstroke.
And the girl at the stick is like, what the hell are you doing?
He's like, I'm swimming in all the money I'm making everybody over here.
And then, so then it became like superstition.
Every time he rolled, he had to like lay on the floor.
I was doing the breaststroke.
I remember there was a, we were playing as people were going into this club
in whatever casinos, SLS or something.
And I'm like, holy moly, have you seen who's going in this club?
Well, next thing you know, they're leaving the club.
So that's that, what is that, six hours later?
I mean, that shows our.
Those are the same people that walk there. Beautiful girls walking by us in dresses going to party and
we want nothing to do with them we're laying on the floor in our bathing suits you guys trying
to gamble you guys were there that long playing crap it was at least a 10 hours how much did you
win i won like 40 yeah i picked up 11 grand i remember waking up i saw 11 grand in chips i'm
like now mind you on this trip we went out there and we planned it for first weekend of March Madness.
One of the best weekends in Vegas.
You got games Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, all day, NCAA basketball tournament.
We went out there going every single year, Michigan State goes to the Elite Eight.
We're hammering them.
First game at least, no matter what, max betting.
Both plan on putting 5, 10 grand on them.
We get so buckled, we both
forget to bet the game they win by 30,000.
It's unbelievable. We had one
plan when we came out to Vegas.
The time change messed us up.
It was the noon game back east.
We were thinking it was 9 a.m.
We went to bed at 5. How are we going to get up at 9 to bet a game?
It wasn't like his cell phone's
reset back then either.
This wasn't even that long ago.
My crap story for the Bruckheimer was Commodore.
He was there one year, and he's just a smart plug, right?
So he's kind of one of the leaders where he's got that aura about him
where you want to be around him because you know you're going to laugh
and have a good time.
Well, I think it was halfway through the weekend,
and I ended up going up to my room instead of sticking with the boys
While they were gambling I had some stuff to take care of well sure shit
My kind Commodore won over 20 grand at the craps table everybody who was there with them like minimum like five grand
Everybody walked away a winner and I went upstairs to get my dick rolling it
If you're rolling it, you're just like, I'm doing this for everyone.
Well, and then like,
not only did I miss out on the money,
but like they were on like a two hour heater
where like imagine the morale.
You just missed out.
Remember the blackjack?
Me, you and Conley?
Oh.
I think he picked up 70.
You picked up 40.
I was the low guy at 10.
I remember Conley had 15 5,000 chips.
I think it was.
He was borrowing from me. He was out of money. I had 15 5,000 chips. I think it was. He was borrowing from
me. He was out of money.
I lent him 1,000. He's like, give me another one.
Give him another one. He owed me 13,000
at one point in that city. And ended up 80,000.
Flipped it up 70,000.
But it was all the morale. Remember us high-fiving?
We had routines for
every hand.
Roachie was there just sitting in the weeds
just partying. My buddy was there. He's like, I'll sit here. Just give me a butt light. It was the morale. It was. No, we. Roachie was there just sitting in the weeds, just partying. My buddy was like, I'll sit here.
Just give me a butt light.
Just give me a butt light.
It was the morale.
It was just a.
It was a party.
And then we were all winning money.
Mind you, though.
So it was 50 minutes where we.
I'm serious.
We might have all lost together four hands.
So what happens?
The new dealer comes.
And us three are belligerent at this time.
Oh, try to cool us off.
Don't even fucking try. New guys coming in looking at us like, I have to start dealing with these guys. We dummy this time. Oh, try to cool us off. Don't even fucking try.
New guys coming in looking at us like, I have to start dealing with these guys.
We dummy this guy.
They bring another one.
Yep, lucky number three.
He'll get it done.
Try again.
But they liked us.
But whoever's up top is like, we have to switch something.
Yeah.
We went through about, I'm going to say, five dealers.
Dummy them all until the widow maker came down.
We came right from the pool.
The pool party ended.
We came right in our bathing suits.
We were in the sales until 4 in the morning.
Wait, so then all of a sudden they send over the Black Widow, you said?
Well, whoever ended up killing us.
But at this point, you're up so much.
I remember putting 30,000 over here and being like, all right, well, when this is all I've left, I'm out.
I'm good at that.
I kind of will pump my own tires.
I'm like, all right.
Or if I lose enough, I'm like, done.
This guy, this guy chases.
He's like, wait, but every time, not every time, so often he ends up getting it back.
So it's like sometimes if you just wait it out, you'll at least grind some of the losses back.
Yeah.
But there's so many losses.
Kids, listen at home.
Do not use this advice.
Do not gamble.
We've got to talk about Tim Connolly.
You said you're pretty good friends with him?
Yeah, he's my best friend.
We grew up playing.
We were nine years old.
We played together in Syracuse Stars.
We were two little cocky little fuckers.
But both really nasty.
We were just nasty.
We were scoring nonstop.
We were going up to Canada,
beating up all those teams, running our mouths. We were just nasty. We were scoring nonstop. We were going up to Canada, beating up all those teams, running our mouths.
And just, you know, we were so good.
He was so good.
He was playing two years up, which is crazy now.
They don't even let the kids play up anymore.
But he was that good playing two years up.
And that was part of why he was so good.
But, yeah, then he made the NHL at 18 when nobody did.
Like Thornton did.
And then it was him.
Where did he play in the O?
Eriotters. He's a show HL-er, like the did, and then it was him. Where did he play in the O? Eriotters.
He's a show HL-er, like the biz, and show HL.
Well, what's funny is the first time I met him,
and I'd heard so much of him from Merle, he's a great guy.
We went out to dinner that trip in Vegas.
We had a nice dinner, which I don't even know why we were doing that.
And everyone's getting, we're getting loud, and you're swearing.
All of a sudden, Merle's a good guy, because there's some people looking around on a nice dinner with their wife.
He's like, guys, no more swearing.
Come on, let's, swear jar here.
Swear jar, no more swearing.
They go, fuck you, Merle, and shoves 100 in the swear jar.
He's like, that buys me 30.
Shut up.
That Jerry Bruckheimer tournament going back quick.
You were there one year with Chelios, were you not?
Yeah, I was there a couple years with him. For those of you wondering, Jerry Bruckheimer, big movie producer. You were there one year with Chelios, were you not? Yeah. I was there a couple years with him.
For those of you wondering, Jerry Bruckheimer, big movie producer.
I'm sure tons of you listening know he did the Pirates of the Caribbean.
The Bad Boys.
That's what the tournament was called, the Bad Boys tournament.
Yeah, Bad Boys Invitational.
Cuba Gooding Jr. was always there playing.
That was another big movie star there.
A couple good stories
from that the first one was when mark bergevin who i had played like five six games with the
year before and i'm out there and he's like i'm like yeah like what team are you on he goes oh
man he goes i my equipment got lost at the airport and i'm like oh man that's too bad like
i was so dumb and naive he didn't want to be playing hockey he's in vegas
yeah he's 35 years old he never even brought his equipment in the first place but i like i was so dumb and naive. He didn't want to be playing hockey. He's in Vegas. Yeah, he's 35 years old.
He never even brought
his equipment in the first place.
But I think I was so young
and naive.
Oh, man, that sucks.
He would he would lie
and say he lost it.
Yeah, he's like,
oh, they lost my gear
at the thing.
So he wouldn't have to wake up
if we're waking up.
Dude, I swear to God in my life,
I'm playing in the Peacock Lounge.
We don't Peacock Lounge
at Hard Rock.
I had no business
being up there.
First of all, I'm in the HL.
I'm playing blackjack and all of a sudden it's Conley's like, dude, let's go Lounge at Hard Rock. I had no business being up there. First of all, I'm in the AHL. I'm playing blackjack.
And all of a sudden, it's Conley.
He's like, dude, let's go.
We got a game.
I'm like, what?
He's standing there with two hockey bags.
It's 8 a.m.
I have to go right out the door and get on the bus and go play this game.
So that's the one rule at Bruckheimer is you can't miss a game.
You can party as much as you want.
And they cover stuff, don't they?
Don't they pay for a lot of it?
Yes, most of the stuff.
You could be drooling on yourself, completely incoherent.
But be there.
You put your gear on, you get on the bench,
and even if you just have to sit there and take one or two shifts...
Because these other guys are living for this tournament.
Some of these guys, they're just beer league guys.
And they're paying like 10 grand.
They're also getting after it too, though.
So that's why I had to really put on a show off the ice
because these guys, the other team has Federov and Roenick,
and now this team gets Matt Murley from Wilkes-Barre.
So I had to carry my weight off the ice.
That's why I had to put on the shows at the Peacock Lounge and stuff like that.
How did that ever end?
I'm not sure.
I ended up stopping going.
It was always late in the summer.
So I think I stopped going when I started playing overseas
because I had to leave so early.
So I couldn't go out there for a four-day or right before camp.
Back to the polka.
Do you like online polka?
Do you trust it?
No, we used to love it.
But remember before pregame?
I haven't played it in years.
That was ugly.
I don't trust it.
I think it's too easy to rig, I think.
The bad beats I've seen, I would think it's rigged, too.
I haven't played that since Wilkes-Barre days.
I mean, we were in Wilkes-Barre.
It's a lockout year.
You know you're not going down.
You know you're not getting called up.
We're 20 years old.
What else were we going to do?
We're going to gamble.
Fucking right.
There's worse things we could have been doing.
So what were the circumstances that led you going overseas to the KHL?
That's funny you bring that up.
It actually all started here in Philly.
So I had signed.
It was a year I played in Albany.
So then a couple years later, I was like, I'll play in Albany again.
So I signed with Carolina.
So I signed with the Hurricanes.
And I knew I was going to play in Albany.
Like, yeah, Matt, you're going to go down there.
You'll be our captain.
You'll be the first or second guy called up like yeah that's that's the
plan so we go to Carolina I go down there in camp play the first exhibition game get an assist
um not a big deal if there's you know and the next game exhibition game was actually here in
Philly it was the last NHL game at the Spectrum before they tore it down, it was Carolina versus Philly, little known fact, exhibition game.
I score a goal in that game.
So now I've played two games.
I got two points.
I'm going to make this team.
I don't need to make the team, but keep me hanging around.
No, I'm not a pigeon.
I get on the flight home.
La Villette comes to the back of the plane.
He hands me a ticket printed with my name on it.
Like, it's not just like, I'm like, so I could have scored four goals tonight,
and you're still going to send me down?
And I'm like, ah.
And so I'm just, I take it in stride, like, ah, whatever.
Not a big deal.
I get back to the hotel.
I'm like, you know, when you get sent down, like, everybody goes out that night.
Like, you're in the big city.
Like, let's go out.
I'm like, anybody want to go out?
No, nobody else got their walking papers.
Just me.
I'm the only one getting sent down.
I end up going out in Carolina by myself.
On my night, I got sent down.
I'm like, this is a joke.
You guys showing me no respect at all.
And so then I went back to Albany.
I was hanging out in Albany.
And I think I don't know if I said on the other podcast, I got a call.
I was actually Reed Simpson looking for another guy's phone number to go play in Russia.
And I sent him a text back jokingly like, oh, I'll take that deal.
And next thing you know, he goes, yeah, call this guy, Paul Theofanis.
He's a big time agent.
That's who Berard had.
Yeah, he's got some big Russian players.
And then he gets the guys over.
He's like, call this guy.
Next thing you know, this guy has me talked into going to Habeross, Russia, like three days later.
Near Korea. And I didn't feel because carolina treated me that poorly with that
move yeah i just i scored a goal i have two points two games just like keep me to the end of camp
send me down when you send that big grouping down don't send a guy down alone that's
let me get a little per diem and do two or three practices i need the per diem why do i need to go
to the ahL right now?
And that's what I went down there.
I played a couple exhibition games down there with them.
And the coach was great down there, Jeff Daniels.
He's like, yeah, like, I don't know why you're even down here playing.
Like, just thanks for, like, playing and having a good spirit and stuff.
And I was like, yeah, like, I understand it.
But that's how I ended up leaving.
And my body, I thought, was broken down at that time.
I thought I had maybe a year or two left in me.
Yeah.
And then I got to Europe
and found the Fountain of Youth. How many leagues
did you end up playing in after North
America ended?
Was it seven? According to HockeyDB,
Matt Murley played in nine leagues
over the course of his career.
Nine leagues, yeah. Wow.
And what was kind of cool is that I played
one year in Slovakia, but in the KHL.
And then one year in Croatia. Did you guys win guys win it that year no Matt Murley's the only guy I've never lost no that's what
Stapleton stole my interview by the way I'm the guy that never wins anything either when you guys
had Stapleton on here he's like no I'm just a born loser I'm like no that's me I've never won
anything and I've tried I've gone to every league I went to Japan to try to win a title in 40
different leagues I think stapleton
hadn't even made it out of the first round oh you ended up going to the the finals of the
calder cup with the wilkes-barre scranton penguins yeah yeah any other that's my best run
no other no no other finals couple other semi-finals uh i had a good semi-final we
went to in germany and uh the bet i'm like it's almost i meant to tell the story earlier. In Sweden, they do the relegation.
So if you're one of the bottom teams, you go into a tournament,
and it's called like the Kvalstern.
It's a relegation tournament.
And the top two teams get to stay in the top league,
which means tons of TV money and better salaries for not only the players
but for the office and everybody, or you get sent down to the second league.
Then there's no money. The office staff goes from 30 to 10 your attendance goes
from 5 to 2000 so we were the worst team in the league all year long everybody had us written off
and in that one year we battled and we won the cavals here and that was like bigger than winning
i'm telling you it's bigger than winning a stanley couple to go up to the first league to keep
the city dude i was on like lockdown like i was almost. To go up to the first league was... The city... Dude, I was on lockdown.
I was afraid to go out of my house just for dinner.
Oh, you stayed in the first league?
What are you doing?
Yeah, we stayed up.
Oh, okay, okay.
I'm sorry.
What are you doing?
Get home and rest for the game.
The whole...
I mean, the bars will be hurt because then nobody will go to the bar to watch the games.
It affects the whole town if you're up or down.
Wow.
So we won that the one year, and that felt like a championship.
We party like it was a championship.
Did you guys get a trophy?
No, nothing.
You had nothing.
We celebrated like we did.
We didn't have anything to drink out of.
That's how big of a loser I was.
I won something, but still nothing to drink out of.
You gave us the bet of the night on Wednesday night on the Philly game.
You said bet the tie.
You made a shitload of people, a shitload of money.
So you're not a total loser.
Well, this clown gets my first win. Maybe I'm going to go on a hotilly game. You said bet the tie. You made a shitload of people, a shitload of money. So you're not a total loser. Well, this clown,
that's my first win.
Maybe I'm going to go
on a hot streak now.
No, the other win
when you were down,
I think you had 12 grand in Vegas.
He was down to his last 100
and put it on 19 red.
No, 17 black.
17 black in his last 100
and hit that to get at least,
what, 3,500.
Yeah, that was a nice set.
But we get in the car last night
and he's sitting there
and we've been saying all day,
who are we taking?
We're going to the game.
We've got to hammer them.
I just went to Blackhawks Flyers, bet the home team.
They got dummied by the Flyers.
Now I've got to take the Flyers.
They're at home, but Washington's so good.
Morales gets in the car and says, let's take the tie.
They're both evenly matched, plus 310 on my site.
I'm like, all right, fuck it.
Might as well.
Put a decent amount on it, too.
And we actually hit it. 1-0 all game. We tied up late. I was saying throughout the game, I'm like, this right, fuck it. Might as well. Put a decent amount on it, too. And we actually hit it.
One nothing all game.
We tied up late.
I was saying throughout the game, like, this is setting up good.
All of a sudden, he's like, shut up, dude.
Knock on wood.
He's knocking on my head.
I kept turning around to Grinnell all game.
Like, yeah, we're going to outshot 15 to one.
Like, this is good.
We're only down one nothing.
Like, we were in a great spot.
Carter Hart.
I didn't realize you guys put it out before the game.
I was feeling enough pressure just for you guys on the action.
Me and Grinnell are pretty good with that
where we like to document
because you guys are doing a lot of funny shit
and I'm always thinking like,
hey, the fans probably want to see this.
I think you guys made,
I would probably say 20, 30 people
some money last night.
Yeah, that's great.
You know, my Venmo is open
so you can send that out.
I could use it.
I'm married now.
I have a baby girl coming in February.
So all the money helps.
So people don't know.
You're going to be living in Sweden for the foreseeable future.
Yeah, I'm getting my Swedish residency now.
And I'll be heading back over there January 1st.
And our baby's coming in February.
And that's all.
We're probably on like a six-month ahead plan.
And at some point i want to
get into like scouting or coaching if it's going to be you'd be great over there for a team one of
the local teams or i have a great idea you know of any nhl gms are listening out there is like
i'm across can be across global scout yeah development guy you know i can i can be in
europe for you i have no problem coming back in the u.s for you hey no free ads no you know i will say i don't have a book like the rest of your guests but
that's all i got you know like so nobody watches more hockey than you this guy every night he's
texting me do you see the three goals that the stars just scored now granted he says he's got
action going but he's also you break down game. You'd be perfect for something like that. He's been in prospects for years now.
Yeah, and he's always been. He's the guy.
I had Pettersson. I gave you Pettersson.
People think I'm the genius. I'm never picking
anything. People tell me what to say. He was from our local
team playing in the second league, and this guy was
sick. I wanted to talk about how
I like watching warm-ups in the NHL.
I like to see, I feel like you see
more of the guys' personalities.
You see guys. You see swagger.
Yeah, you see the swag.
Some of them don't have their helmets on.
So I'm surprised more fans don't show up for warm-ups.
I mean, during the week it may be difficult because of work.
But we noticed Ovi.
Ovi's the fuck.
He's a legend, right?
And I was the type of guy, I just wanted to stay out of the way for the most part.
I mean, Jans would probably say otherwise. But I'm stretching just wanted to stay out of the way for the most part. Like, I mean, Jans would probably say otherwise.
But I'm not.
I'm stretching, like, by the red line out of the way.
So what do we look at?
We see Ovi.
He's just, like, right on the three-lane highway.
Yeah, right in the middle of it and making everybody else worry about him and move around him.
And he's earned that, I guess.
And Merle's going, oh, you should have seen when Mario would take Warren up.
And I don't remember playing a game with him.
He didn't do any of the drills.
He was just out there doing, like, figure eights by himself.
So we'd be in the three-lane shooting, and you'd have to have your head up
and, like, wait for him to just cruise by through the slot
and then take your shot.
I don't even know if he touched a puck.
He was just cruising around all the time.
He'd be, like, snapping around with one guy or carrying it a little bit.
But I remember on YouTube, there's a clip of me saying,
I'm going to hit him in the ankle and get sent down.
Because you would come down the left wing three-lane shooting
and tee one up and thank God I looked.
And Mario Lemieux was skating right through the crease.
I'm like, oh my God.
I'd like trip over my stick and trip it in the corner.
Like it was, you were just petrified of him.
But if you're saying OB, just like move around me.
Don't touch me.
I used to have to tell my friends and family, get there for warmups.
That's like the most ice time I'm going to get all night.
You better get there early.
That's when I'm out there.
Otherwise, I'm going to get five or six minutes and that'll be it.
But I like seeing the warmups.
I like seeing the guy's superstitions and stuff.
I think we have to end it with a few Russian stories.
Well, there's so much more.
I know.
This will just be  you'll just come back on because we're short on time.
Can they get a few Russian stories to end this thing?
A Russian story.
Well, gee, I don't want to end up on the hit list like you guys.
No, we buried the hatchet.
We buried the hatchet.
No, we're not.
That was all a big joke until I get rice in my soup.
I'm telling you, I listened to Stapleton the other night.
I had all the same stuff.
I had the psycho coach.
I had this one coach.
You had to do 19 minutes of warm-up.
He'd be sitting there yelling and screaming at you.
And me and Curtis Foster, we try to leave the ice 15 minutes.
He slams the door on his leg.
He's like, get back out there.
So you had to do 19-minute warm-up.
This coach was nuts.
I got yelled at because we came off
the ice one time
and I'm like
hey man
next time
just bump it
behind the net maybe
and we'll play
Matt
no talking
you weren't allowed
to talk to each other
on the bench
even about plays
this guy was nuts
is this in Amore?
this was in Slovakia
it was KHL
KHL story
Slovan
I mean
I think I told
the other one
last time
the planes we were on, like it
was chaos.
Like the stuff that was going on.
The pilots are coming back smoking cigarettes with the other guys.
We had to carry off our captain.
Our captain.
This is probably good money.
So you're not supposed to be drinking at all in Russia.
They flip about that.
They flip you.
They fine you 20,000.
So I'm like, I would never drink.
I'm like, I'd rather spend that 20,000 in Vegas with wit.
Or on hookers.
We'll move on from there.
So this guy gets all banged up.
He gets out.
It's got to be 20 below.
He tries to get off the plane in his T-shirt.
And these guys have to carry this guy out.
So he gets, this guy was a belligerent captain.
He's the captain.
Captain team, they find him 20,000.
What happens a week later?
Our practices are at 5 p.m.
He shows up drunk to the practice, these two guys.
The one guy was smart enough to go in and fake the sickness and send home.
This poor guy tries to go out on the ice, and he's just like Bambi on ice,
falling all over the place.
He's that boom.
He buckled, buckled.
Boom, he's gassed.
And this same team was this goalie.
So what they would do is they try to catch you.
They'll take your blood right in the locker room.
And if there's alcohol, then bang, you get the 20,000 fine.
So the one day the doctor wasn't there, so they take this goalie.
They're like, no, he's drunk.
They put him in a taxi.
And they start taking him to the hospital.
He goes, blood.
The thing pulls up at the hospital.
He runs.
He just took off. Took off. Trainer comes back. They're like, what happened? He goes, he jumped out of the cab and took blood. Thing pulls up at the hospital. He runs. He just took off.
Took off.
Trainer comes back.
They're like, what happened?
He goes, he jumped out of the cab and took off.
Because he knew what they were going to do.
Until you get the blood, I'm not guilty.
Yeah, he wasn't guilty, so they couldn't take his contract away.
He knows they need proof.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, so I just got one more thing.
We were at my brother's men's league hockey, TM Hockey, with Mike Alex the other night.
And we're talking about Don Cherry.
Don Cherry's gone, and everybody's like,
well, who's going to be the next Don Cherry?
And whose name came up in the dressing room?
The biz.
The biz came up.
He goes, biz is going to be the next Don Cherry.
And then Army was another one.
Somebody said.
I think Jeff O'Neill would be a great pick.
Jeff O'Neill would be solid. I. Jeff O'Neill would be solid.
I would like Brian Burke because I don't mind old school opinions.
I think he's, considering he's dealt with some social issues in the household where one of his sons was gay, right?
Or is he?
His son passed away.
Yeah, he passed away, right?
So I think he's a little bit more up with the times
and how to maybe word things a little properly.
His hockey opinions might be a little more old school,
which I like.
I feel like we need someone defending the old school a little bit,
especially in today's mainstream media.
He also would probably, just to piss everyone off,
go on with the pie undone.
I saw some futures odds on it actually
and he was the favorite. I was the favorite.
Elliot Friedman I think was on there.
Army was
actually on there. Kelly Rudy was
on there. It's pretty funny. It's funny they're betting
on that but I just thought it was funny. We're at
men's league and the biz came up. Merle's bet all of them.
Someone not
on the list is going to win. He's going to lose all those futures.
Yeah I don't think I have enough experience to be able to hop on there.
Well, I said to somebody, I go,
well, you think Rodgers wants to hear Biz talking about getting his paint licked?
No, I wouldn't talk about that.
All right, well, Merle, I mean, I think that this is long overdue
in doing this in person and going forward.
I'd like to tell all the fans, Stapleton, Merles,
you're going to hear Brian Berard,
a lot of great guys that we finally got to catch up with.
We're going to start doing stuff where all these guys come,
whether it's, we're talking pond hockey tournament,
you never know what we can figure out,
but we get all of us together, it'll be similar type stories.
So thanks for joining us, buddy.
Yeah, thanks for having me.
Thanks Barstool for a great trip here.
And let's win some action tonight. Cheers, yeah. All right, get to work and find us some winners. Yeah, thanks for having me. Thanks, Barstool, for a great trip here. And let's win some action tonight. Cheers.
Alright, get to work and find us
some winners. Love it.
Thank you very much
to Merle's. Love you, buddy.
And actually, it was interesting, guys.
Any GMs out there,
you got a guy that's over
in Europe. He can go work with the European
players the same way developmental
guys in North America are traveling to the
junior and college teams. You get
morals. The guy watches more hockey than anyone.
So we appreciate him coming
on. And what else do we have, R.A.?
Yeah, it was great to finally meet him. It felt like a long
lost buddy when we finally met up.
Let's jump over the NFL for a little
bit. We didn't get a chance to talk about
that action Thursday night. Cleveland's
Miles Garrett got into a little skirmish with Pittsburgh QB Mason Rudolph.
Garrett eventually yanked off the steel quarterback's helmet
and then proceeded to whack him over the head with his own helmet.
He got suspended for the rest of the season, including playoffs,
should Cleveland make it.
Yeah, it was a dirty move.
It was kind of a shit thing, but I thought the reaction online was, like,
way over the top.
Pro football talk, not the person that was like way over the top uh pro football talk
not the person that we know but the actual site said it was quote no different than an assault
on the street which i thought was kind of ridiculous i mean you talk about guys playing
a sport who are fucking beating each other all up all night guy takes an extra shot ran toward
his helmet that's not like getting fucking jumped in the street by some rando so either way biz what
would you take on this fucking incident i don't even know it's just
like everyone's got so many opinions on all of it it looked like that rudolph guy uh is that his last
name yes um it looked like he was trying to like rip the guy's helmet off first he was miles garrett
his wires crossed i mean there was no going back there um. It's just fortunate that that crack of the helmet didn't hurt the guy,
which is surprising because somebody had an online video doing it to a solid wood chair,
and it split it in half.
So, I mean, I don't know how this guy survived that helmet hit
because the fucking chair didn't.
So at least everyone got out really uninjured,
and let's hope that one never happens again.
The play, Miles Garrett, you're a psycho.
That was crazy.
My whole opinion on the reaction RA was, hey, everyone, Pouncey,
what do you think he's going to do?
His quarterback he saw just get hit by a helmet.
A helmet weighs more than a brick for anyone who doesn't know at home.
Easily, if it hit him in the wrong spot, could have killed him. I know it sounds kind of crazy, but it's not out of the realm of possibility.
You see your boy, your quarterback, get hit like that, you are doing something.
If you're not, you're not human.
The violence, the violence, the violence.
Yeah, we don't want the violence.
The original violence, horrific by Garrett.
The next  once violence has happened, you have to respond.
Okay, you see somebody like that.
So he's trying to  I mean, I think I just wasn't that surprised to see
that happen after what Garrett did because that was as dangerous
as an on-field incident as you'll ever see.
Yeah, Pouncey coming with the old salty shuffle.
Yeah, the only thing I can remember close to that was years ago.
It was, I think, 85, 86 when Matt Millen,
back when he was a linebacker for the Raiders,
he hit the Patriots general manager, Pat Sullivan,
with his helmet after the game.
You're probably too young to remember that.
No, I never heard of that.
I'm pretty sure it was after a playoff game the year that pats went to the super bowl back at
85 86 yeah he fucking matt millen cracked the g at general manager as they were coming off the
field at the end of the game drew blood too so uh but i haven't seen much since but you know
mason rudolph took a bucket off the dome he was fortunate to keep all of his chiclets and he'll
certainly want them to continue looking their best which means he should be using Quip if he's not already.
What makes a toothbrush better?
Industrial strength power, claims of trendy ingredients, multiple modes.
If you ask your dentist, they'll tell you it's less about the brush and more about how you use it.
That's why Quip was created by dentists and product designers
to focus on what actually matters for your oral health.
Healthier habits.
Quip's sensitive vibrations with a built-in timer
guide gentle brushing for the dentist-recommended
two minutes with 30-second pulses, ensuring an even clean.
Quip automatically delivers brush heads to you every three months
for clean new bristles right on schedule.
The sleek, intuitive design is simple to use
and comes with a travel cap that doubles as a mirror mount.
These thoughtful features make brushing something you actually want to do twice a day.
Good habits matter to live a healthier life, so help form fresh oral health habits with Quip.
Quip starts at just 25 and you'll get your first refill free at getquip.com slash chicklets.
This is a simple way to support our show and start freshening better. But you have to go to getquip.com slash chicklets.
That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S to get your first refill free.
Go right now to getquip.com slash chicklets.
Got to keep those fucking chicklets clean, right, Biz?
Yes, you do.
Oh, God, yeah.
One other story we just want to follow
up on. The charges against Austin Matthews were dropped. Austin Matthews. The charges were dropped.
Him and the security guard that was involved in the incident, they agreed to a settlement.
He did come out with a statement. He said, I just want to reiterate again just how truly sorry I am
for my actions and my behavior.
I never meant to cause any distress to this woman.
And I can assure you that I've learned from my mistakes and my actions.
You know, it sounds like, you know, like you said, well, wait, how did the facts come out?
You know, settle the case.
I think everybody can move on.
You know, he sounds like he was a drunk dummy one night.
Like we all were when we were 21.
You know, didn't do anything that bad.
But get a slap on the wrist, and I think we can all move on.
His team might need a slap on the fucking wrist as well.
The Leafs lost four in a row, including a 6-1 thrashing in Pittsburgh
Saturday night.
They've looked, like, almost disinterested lately.
Biz, is Mike Babcock on the hot seat or what?
Ari, I don't know.
You start.
You fucking start. I don't know. You start. You fucking start.
I don't know.
I can make a call that ends up looking foolish.
I don't care.
I don't know either, but I'm saying yes.
I'm saying that I think he's got three years left on his deal.
It was front-loaded.
It was front-loaded, so I think they've paid him a lot of the money.
The team against Pittsburghburgh they looked horrible and it yeah is it starting to is that a game where you start saying wow these guys checked out these games come anytime a coach gets gassed mid-season
you always see a trend of some games where it looks like the team is completely checked out they're missing Marner right uh
definitely an issue there but dude Kyle Kyle Dubas and Sheldon Keefe go back a long time yes
okay so um Kyle Dubas brought him into the OHL to coach the Sioux when he had that job I mean this
is when it was it was kind of a,
not a risky move, but I'm pretty sure Sheldon Keefe had gone through a lot in the OHL where
when he played for Barry, they walked out of the awards banquet on David Branch. Like they were the
bad boys. I think he had burned a lot of bridges. So Kyle Dubas, you know, made a big play in
bringing him back to coach in the OHL. He ended up having incredible success.
So this guy has been groomed by the current GM to be an NHL coach.
He started in junior.
He went to the AHL.
It's going to be time.
And if this team continues to look like this
and they lose three or four more in a row at Thanksgiving,
of the next five, they lose four of them,
I wouldn't be surprised one bit. or at Thanksgiving, of the next five, they lose four of them.
I wouldn't be surprised one bit.
I'm going to have to completely piggyback your comments there.
That was very well said.
And I just think it comes down to maybe his whole demeanor is just war in the locker room.
Maybe the message just isn't really being received anymore
because the guys are just maybe a little fed up with the way they're either treated
or how the message is being delivered.
So sometimes you just need new blood in there.
And, yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if this continues for, let's say,
another three weeks that they're going to have to pull the trigger at some point.
Yeah, I mean, you know, he's not a God. He's been there. I think four seasons,
he didn't make the playoffs one year. He hasn't got out of the first round yet. And he does get
three years left. Like you said, we're at 6.25 million per, uh, but the money doesn't matter
because if he gets fired, he'll get hired somewhere else. No doubt. Toronto wouldn't
even be on the hook for that money. But yeah, I think it's, I think it's something to keep an eye
on. I know Toronto will probably come out and deny it.
But if your team's not responding, man, like we say,
you can't trade 25 guys, especially when they're making fucking 10 million.
And I'm sure there's plenty of Leafs fans who actually are thinking,
like, don't fire him.
I'm curious.
I'm guessing there are some of these fans who are more pissed off at the players
because there's plenty of anger to go around there in terms of guys
that they think aren't playing up to where they should be but it's a weird time with the expectations
like they are there to be looking the way they have um you know there's going to be noise yeah
and now that we started to be a perfect time for an ad for like headphones or something
off if i had just said that and we had a sponsor that sold those. Not quite. Almost at the next ad.
Monday night, Hockey Hall of Fame induction ceremony.
There's six people going in this year.
Let's see.
Pittsburgh GM Jim Rutherford and BC coach Jerry York are going in as builders.
And Guy Cabanau, Vaklav Nedermansky, a.k.a. Big Ned, first guy to ever defect.
Haley Wickenheiser and Sergey Zubov are the four players going in.
I'm not sure if you saw that fucking idiot Steve Simmons' tweet about Jerry York.
Did you happen to see it, Whit?
Yeah, I did.
How he thought it was stupid that he didn't skip a game
where he's the head coach of a college team to go do a fake fucking puck drop.
I have it right here.
This is Steve Simmons.
That shit hit up in Toronto.
What an idiotic decision by Jerry York to pass on the day's festivities at the
hockey hall of fame.
So he could coach yet another us college game.
That's my view.
You can disagree.
I mean,
how much of an asshole you got to be this fucking say that like,
yeah,
this guy does this to,
to get mentioned,
but it's also worth,
worth noting that that is not when he talks about the festivities, for people
who don't know, it wasn't the actual introduction
which happens tonight, I believe.
Monday night. It was just
a little day of celebrating
everyone and people patting you on the back
and telling you how great you are leading up to Monday.
I'm pretty sure coaching his team
who ended up winning is a lot
more important to him. Congrats, Jerry York.
I hate BC, but you've got to respect the guy who's the only college coach
to have 1,000 wins.
Yeah, that was one of those takes when you read it and you see the ratio
and you're like, oh, God, I wonder if he could take it back.
He would, but then he kept doubling down on it.
And then he ended up getting into it with Ray Ferraro a little bit.
And, you know, Ray was on the right.
He's like, dude, he gives a shit.
He's like, he's doing today the reason he got inducted.
Yeah, exactly.
He's doing his job.
That's why he got put there.
And somebody tweeted it out, and I was like, nailed it.
Nailed the take.
And as you said, he probably is there on Monday, which is tomorrow,
because we're recording on Sunday.
So who gives a shit?
Yeah, the induction is the fucking key thing, the main thing.
That's Monday.
Like fucking, you know, Saturday's like the schmooze fest.
I just hate getting into it with other media members.
Like, I just like, you know.
Why?
You afraid?
Not afraid, but you don't.
No, it's just like, because like, I don't know, like maybe one day I throw out a hot take
and I get hammered and, you know, I got some guy chirping me and I'm not.
It's just like, I don't know.
It wasn't a good moment for him, so I wasn't just going to pile on.
Yeah.
During the playoffs last year, I think I'm blocked by half of the Toronto media.
So I kind of like walk out, like kind of looking at them, hoping one of them will fucking call me out on some of this shit,
man.
Cause I don't know the fucking,
they say some stupid shit.
I don't mind calling.
What are you going to sing?
You're going to sing a stones in front of their face.
Yeah.
I'll do a seven minute memory motel.
Slow ballad with really bury them.
Oh yeah.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Hey boys,
last gambling corner.
Would have been perfect if the Detroit Red Wings didn't blow a late third period lead.
We still made some nice cabbage because the Bruins.
Money and puck, thanks to Big Z's empty net.
Great call, R.A.
I had them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
How are you?
So everybody made money last week.
Taking a look at this week, Tuesday night. The Montreal Canadiens are in Columbus.
Who says I won't throw money on the Habs?
They've been playing well lately.
So we're going to bet them.
We're going to throw a few shekels on them Tuesday night.
Definitely going to take them on the money line.
And if Carey Price gets the nod to style,
we're going to take them on the puck line as well
for half of the amount of the money line play.
Also, eyeballing the Islanders that night.
Like we said, they've been on a fucking hell of a
streak lately. They won't
be playing in between now and then.
Just said Penguins are going to be missing Crosby.
Islanders are stroking it right now. We're going
to take the Islanders on the money line as well.
And Tampa Bay, they seem
to turn things around a little bit since they got
Victor Hedman back in the lineup. They're in
St. Louis. It looks like the national game.
We're also going to take Tampa Bay for a little money line wager as well. So feeling a little frisky. So we got
three plays Tuesday night. Once again, Montreal, Moneyline, Islanders, Moneyline, Tampa Bay,
Moneyline. And for the Canadians, if Carey Price starts throwing a half of your wager in the puck
line as well. So that's that. Hey, boys, I'll tell you, whenever I'm sweating out a puck line,
I pray unto our blessed lady of the unguarded cage for another cover.
I need to be comfy, which is why I wear the most comfortable underwear
on the planet, Tommy John.
Not sure if you have a pair of these bad boys biz, but they are unreal.
Tommy John is the revolutionary underwear loungewear and clothing brand
that guarantees a perfect fit.
It's getting extra ballsy this holiday season
with an unbelievable offer exclusively for our listeners.
Right now, you can shop Tommy John's Biggest Sale of the Year
before anyone else and get 20 off site-wide.
I probably got about 10 pairs of these things.
I love them.
Absolutely love my Tommy John.
Super comfy.
You have nuggets on swaying all over the place. They're nice and comfy and cozy. If you've had fair missing out
for Tommy John, now's your chance to try or gift the most comfortable underwear and loungewear on
the planet. Tommy John wants everyone to experience the amazing fit and feel of their products like
breathable wedgie-proof underwear and ridiculously soft loungewear that are guaranteed to fit perfectly.
Ladies, now's your chance to kiss visible panty lines you'd buy and even upgrade to the most
comfortable bra on the planet. And guys, you have to experience the horizontal quick-draw fly that's
put an end to fly fishing for good. Plus, you'll never get a wedgie, guaranteed. If your first pair
isn't the best pair you've ever worn, you your money back give the gift of comfort this holiday season with limited edition gifts like loungewear and
underwear from tommy john save 20 off site wide when you visit tommyjohn.com slash chiclets that's
tommyjohn.com slash chiclets for 20 off site wide hey uh in the early days of chiclets we used to
play uh do a segment uh Witt and G, but
they're called Ask a Millennial, hashtag
Ask a Millennial, but they always get stumped
so we had to shelve it, but I got
one. It's just for Grinnelli. We're going to
play one time. Grinnelli,
hashtag Ask a Millennial,
Allentown.
Oh, you bastard. You fucking
you fucked me, RA.
When you're at the,
when you're at the meet and greet, uh, I, someone came up to us earlier and they're like, Oh,
I'm from Allentown. And about 10 minutes later, I looked at RA and I'm like, man, I just have
that song from hangover too, where Allen's singing Allentown on, on the, uh, where they're singing
Allentown on the boat. And he's like, all right. He's like, yeah. And, yeah, it's also a song.
And I'm like, yeah, from The Hangover.
He's like, no, idiot.
It's like a real fucking song.
So, yeah, I'm a moron.
Grinnell, he thought Allentown was a fake song from The Hangover.
So you didn't think Billy Joel sang it.
You just thought the guy, the actor sang it.
Because we're living here in Allentown.
I guess I could understand that,
but that's a hell of a jam too
when you put that thing on Billy Joel style.
Oh, fucking Billy Joel, Greatest Hits, Volume 1 and 2.
Some absolute fucking bangers on there.
Whit, I know it's only playing in limited theaters.
You haven't been able to see The Irishman yet, have you?
No, when does it come out on Netflix?
I want to say November 27th.
Don't quote me 100 on that, but it's definitely later this month.
You've been looking forward to this one for a while, R.A.
Tell me, how was it?
I thought it was very good.
Oh, you sound hesitant.
No, no, I just don't want to fucking say something stupid no i
think people might be expecting like goodfellas again because of the the topic material um but
it's it's different it's it's it's slower than goodfellas but uh it's very the acting's top
notch those guys like you know denaro and pacino they've made a lot of shit the last 20 years but
these guys they they dialed it back they were both fucking incredible pesci was unreal um you know the story was it's not really like a plot driven story it's you know
kind of summarized this guy's life and how he ended up becoming a hitman and stuff and uh you
know the half of stuff ties in it actually kind of it serves as almost like a chronicle of the last
half of the 20th century in america and how politics and the mob are all fucking sort of
intertwined uh there's a lot going on there but but again, I enjoyed it very much. I would say I'd give it a letter
grade. I'd give it an A minus. And as soon as it drops on Netflix, I'm going to be checking it out
again because I'm sure I missed some things on it, but I definitely recommend it. If you can see it
in the theater, I know it's tough. Go see it. But otherwise, definitely check it out as soon as it
hits Netflix. All right. What's the Nero make for like a shit movie that he does now like let's say if he just does one to cash in oh god i mean basically
anything i mean he did uh what the intern uh grant dirty grandpa i mean some of these movies
are funny people like them but you know their paycheck what i call paycheck movies business
you know i don't criticize these guys it's work work. It's money. Go out and get paid.
These guys get kids and bills.
Oh, not at all, yeah.
I was just curious
because there's obviously some
where he became a certain level of actor
where let's use Leonardo as an example.
Well, he's not doing something just to make money.
He's only stepping in roles where he...
How many roles does Leo take a year?
Maybe two.
Oh,
if that,
yeah,
I think you're busy.
I think it's so much cooler if you're somebody like Daniel Day Lewis,
who doesn't do anything and he really wants it.
Right.
But like,
like you said,
it's money,
but it just,
it is almost like you're,
you're thought of differently as an actor forever.
If you only,
it's just so hard to say what,
how are you so sure it's not going to be a bust?
Like the thing is when your arguments talking about the intern with Robert
De Niro,
he knows that is not his wheelhouse.
So yeah,
he just wants bank,
but yeah,
I was just wondering how much those guys were making off those type movies.
Would you say 20 million would be a fair number?
I bet you like 10.
Yeah.
20 million,
20 million. So, you number? I bet you like 10. Yeah, 20 million. 20 million.
So, you know, basically the younger guys, the A-list guys are making right now.
I'm not sure.
I mean, they probably didn't come in because the Scorsese's their sort of friend.
They probably didn't want to hold up the fucking hold them up for 20, 25 mil.
But this was Martin Scorsese's biggest budgeted film.
I believe it was one hundred and sixty million dollars to make.
And the reason why was
the de-aging process that they have to do on
the computer, because
the movie goes back to the 60s, and you don't even
realize it. They do such a good job, but De Niro
looks younger, Pacino looks younger,
Pesci looks younger. They did this like...
It's that good? Oh my god.
Halfway through, I'm like, holy shit.
This isn't fucking old footage.
This is the de-aging. They did it. Oh, I want to see that., like, this isn't fucking old footage. Like, this is the de-aging they did.
Oh, I want to see that. Wow.
Are they using old images of them in other
movies, you think? No, no.
They just, the guys acted out.
That's the stupidest question of all time.
No, no. Actually, you know what?
You probably never saw the movie The Limey, but they
did that. There was a guy who's, they used
an old movie he was in before to add it
to a new movie anyways
the aging shit it was incredible it was just like the the i got i didn't even like i said i forgot
halfway through i'm sitting there like holy shit that's right too these guys are old now and i you
know it was almost like thrilling and at one point like there was a scene with pacino de niro and like
they're crushing it and you're like holy fuck man like these guys are masters at their game and we
haven't seen them at this level in so long.
It was like, I was like giddy, like a little school kid watching it.
I always think about this.
I think somebody eventually a sick actor that's ahead of their time is going
to write a script where they film it throughout their movie career as they
get older.
Well, um, and then it'll all tie together.
Like in a, in a major way.
Richard Linklater sort of made a movie like that, Boyhood.
Remember that movie a few years ago?
He filmed it over the course of like, I think, 10 or 12 years.
Yeah, but Biz is saying while they're on set playing other actors.
Oh, wow.
Biz is saying, right, Biz?
No, no.
I meant like that person writes a script where they're like,
let's say the main actor and maybe even gets other people where they time it
out. We're like over the course of like 25 years, they act out in this movie,
but you have to wait till you, the aging process, obviously,
cause you're going to be okay. Then yeah, I think that has happened.
I totally, totally miss misunderstood. Yeah.
So I'd be curious if that would ever happen. I mean, I wouldn't,
I wouldn't i wouldn't
call it say it's out of the question right all right no no like i said boyhood did something
similar to that they would they filmed a little segment then they'd go back a few years later and
film another part of it so uh either way also parasite i'm not sure if i mentioned parasite
on the show that that was probably one of the two or three best movies i've seen this year the
korean film that's uh i got subtitles on. Check that out. We talked about it.
Okay.
So I just want to read it.
Well, I'm glad I said it again because it's that fucking good.
Well, that should just about wrap it up for episode 219.
But, oh, actually, Grinnelli,
we got a little festivities this week in Boston, correct?
We do, R.A.
We will be at Boston Sports Grill at 132 Canal Street on Tuesday,
starting at 7 p.m.
It's a Pink Whitney watch party for the Bruins vs. Devils game.
It's going to be myself, you, R.A., and Whitney as well.
Biz will not be in attendance just due to his Coyote schedule.
But, I mean, it's going to be a blast.
Come drink some Pink Whitney's with the boys.
Anytime we do anything in Boston or any kind of these events,
they're always a good time.
Absolutely.
Boston Sports Girl, that's my old stomping grounds.
I used to be my pre and post game back when I was drunk in my 20s for the
entirety of my 20s.
And I would say get there early.
It's going to get crowded.
It's not the biggest bar in that area, so it's going to fill up quick.
So get there early.
Also, we'd like to say thanks to our sponsors, man.
I hope you listeners are using these sponsors of ours because they're awesome.
For super comfy Mugsy jeans, go to Mugsy.com and use the promo code SPIT for 10 off.
That's 10 off.
To get your Manscaped gear, go to Manscaped.com and use the promo code CHICKLETS for 20 off
there with free shipping.
And you want to keep those chicklets looking good, so go to Getquip.com slash chiclets to get your first refill on the house.
And for the most comfortable underwear on the planet,
go to tommyjohn.com slash chiclets for 20 off site-wide.
Thank you, everyone, and have a great week.
Well, when you're sitting there
In your tip-up poster chair,
talking to some rich folk that you know.
Well, I hope you won't see me in my ragged company.
