Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. with 17 blades anymore. Make the smarter choice and join Dollar Shave Club like I did.
Before Dollar Shave Club,
it was either save money
and get a painful shave from a disposable
like the ones they give away for free at the gym,
the pigeon ones,
which felt like shaving with a piece of glass,
or pay a fortune for the latest gimmicky shave breakthrough
I don't need,
like a laser chin detector,
18 more blades,
or stuff that doesn't do anything.
Dollar Shave Club is the best of both worlds, a premium shave at a disposable price.
When I got Dollar Shave Club, I loved using it immediately. I realized it was a great bargain,
and I'm really happy I signed up. So get a close, smooth shave every time, and you can't beat the
convenience or the price of the club. If you haven't tried Dollar Shave Club yet, you're
missing out. It's an amazing
shave at an affordable price. There's no smarter choice in the market. And right now, they're
giving away a one-month trial of any razors for 1 with free shipping. 1. 1. That's it. And
after that, it's just a few bucks a month. There's no long-term commitments, no hidden fees, and you
cancel whenever you want. You're out of it if you don't want to be in it. Get your 1 trial at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets. That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
This episode was also brought to you by Blue Apron, the number one fresh ingredient delivery
service in the country. So here's the deal with Blue Apron. Their mission is to make incredible
home cooking accessible to anyone and everyone. And we all know fresh high quality ingredients make a huge
difference so it's important to know where your food comes from and blue apron helps you to do
just that so for less than ten dollars per person and per meal blue apron delivers seasonal recipes
along with pre-portioned ingredients to make delicious home-cooked meals choose a variety of new recipes each week or let blue aprons culinary staff
surprise you and for someone as indecisive as myself that's something that can't be beat
blue apron has special delivery options so you can choose what fits your needs
check out this week's menu and get your first three meals for free with free shipping
by going to blueapron.com slash chiclets. That's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, how to spell chiclets. And trust
me when I say it, you're going to love how good it feels and tastes to create incredible home-cooked
meals with Blue Apron. So do not wait. Again, it's blueapron.com slash chicklets.
Go get your free meals now. Blue Apron, a better way to cook.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to episode 22 of Spittin' Chicklets brought to you by Barstool Sports.
Say hello gentlemen.
Hello gentlemen.
What up, what up?
Michael Grinnell.
I missed your, you didn't like do the big announcement like presented by Barstool Sports.
I'm mixing it up a little.
I want to keep them guessing.
Whitney's here, Grinnelly's here.
First off, we did, we planned on having, well, one of two potential guests.
We gave a little tease on Twitter.
This is why we don't give names.
The weather kept us from getting one guy on.
And the performance of a particular team, which shall remain nameless,
kept us from getting another guy on.
Obviously, plans changed.
But at the same time, that gives us more time to catch up on the NHL.
It's nice to just catch up with you two.
It is.
It's lovely to see you guys.
I'm jumping right in.
The playoff race, man.
It's unbelievable.
It's the real time of hockey now.
Tampa Bay Lightning, they sell off Philpula.
They sell off Bishop.
They sell off Boyle.
It's like, okay, we're going to get what we can here.
And they are fucking tied.
Well, basically, they're on the outside looking at the playoffs,
but they actually have the tiebreaker.
Lost because of the regulation wins.
Right.
Which I like.
That's a great first tiebreaker.
No, it is.
Actually, yeah.
It's the regulation.
Or overtime wins.
I'm sorry.
Regulation or overtime.
That's the first tiebreaker.
The ROW.
Yes.
Actually, the Islanders do have Tampa.
But bottom line is, Tampa is back in the playoff race when nobody had them there.
I still don't.
I'm pretty sure.
There's no way that Eicherman thought this could really happen when he traded those guys.
I'm sure he realized, all right, some guys are going to get some more ice time that I think maybe deserve it.
But I don't think at any point did he think, like, I think we're going to make a run and get into the playoffs after we trade these guys.
So just to know that he had no clue
and he really couldn't picture this coming
and then to actually lose guys who aren't
older guys not making
an impact like Philpula,
Boyle, really good players. When Bishop
plays, he's great.
It just shows how good Jonathan
Druin is and people don't really
kind of talk about him. I think that
I think that he not made enemies.
That's not the right word.
But he pissed people off, hockey fans, hockey players,
when he kind of pulled that whole stunt with requests demanding the trade,
leaving the AHL team.
And you know for a fact that it woke him up.
I think he said when he didn't end up getting traded,
all right, well, I got to now prove what type of player I am.
And now that he's actually gotten to the level where I think that Tampa
always knew he could get at and he knew he could be at when he was pissed off
he was in the minors, you see how special he is.
I mean, he was a high pick for a reason.
This Tampa team can really just flip a switch.
It's pretty crazy.
We were talking about Stamkos regretting it.
We talked about Cooper even being fired in coaching the Bruins next season.
Yeah, that was mentioned.
I'm just surprised that it actually turned around.
It's been so quick, too.
It almost looks like those guys leaving helped them,
but I don't know how you would explain that
because they're all good teammates and good guys
and good players.
Right.
I mean, maybe from a goalie perspective,
I think it might help Vassie's confidence
because now it's like, okay, I'm the only guy here.
No more Bishop.
Not to say he was having confidence issues before, but if you are a goalie,
you know, and they were kind of a two-headed monster down there,
and you get rid of the other guy.
Well, if you are the last goalie, you're like, all right, man, this is my team now.
There's no more, like, worrying about if I'm going to get this start or that start.
But just take a look here.
Stamkos had a four- to six-month recovery.
Every year, it fucking sucks for him.
Okay, but he's about at his fourth month right now.
Okay, suppose Tampa gets that eighth spot and adds Stamkos.
I said when before everyone called them dead and they traded guys.
It was definitely one of these episodes.
I was like, I wouldn't want to play Tampa if they got in.
Like, who wants to play them?
Like, obviously, if they get in, that means they're playing great leading into the playoffs.
I don't  that Kucherov is filthy, too.
He is.
He's a nasty Russian.
So, I mean, you have a very real possibility of Tampa getting in.
I mean, you know, they probably could have a shot at still getting the top three, the Atlantic, but I'm sure they're
I think they're better than the Islanders.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean, I think just looking at the roster and thinking they play each other, I would bet the Lightning all day.
Yeah.
And that's who they're really fighting with.
I mean, Toronto's right there.
What do you think about them?
I had Toronto pegged as getting in there there they've been struggling a lot lately they they got blown up down in florida last night and somehow the plan the panthers
yeah babcock just laid into him you see those quotes yeah yeah he did rip into that's what
call me was commodore was talking about probably just that's when it just comes out when you're
like this guy is so fucking mean.
Now, you know, earlier, a few weeks ago, people pretty much handed the East over to Washington.
You're looking now, Pittsburgh's two points back.
They got a game in hand, which, you know, would make up the two points.
They would lose a tiebreaker on regulation only wins.
But basically, we don't know.
You know, you kind of wonder what there's so much in the air in the East.
OK, you know, typically teams want that high seed but you know what if
Tampa Bay gets it now you could win the heist the number one seed in the east and y'all reward could
be the the Tampa Bay Lightning with Stamko's coming back I don't think that's that's actually
a great way to describe it because when I just said if the Islanders and Tampa played I'm like
in my head it's just naturally I'm thinking how much better Tampa is. Then you think a way to prove that is look at Washington.
Who the fuck would they rather play?
The Islanders or Tampa?
Right.
It's not even a question.
So all of a sudden you are saying, like, does a team even want to get this?
This is where it's funny because you can't ever have a team lose.
You can't ever say publicly, I want to lose.
I'd rather play them.
And I've never even
really heard coaches ever discuss it besides just playing it down. But you can't tell me that a
coach isn't sitting around or players and they're saying, I would much rather play that team. And
to get to play a team, we actually have to go down a spot. And so it's just such a weird thing for
players. You're going to go out and play hard, but you're like, fuck, we match up so much better
against so-and-so. And right now we'd have to lose a couple games to end up playing
them. And, you know, it's also
like a pick-your-poison thing, because, you know, you don't
want to play God and say, oh, we'd rather play this team,
because, you know, you don't know what you're going to get in them.
Flipping back over to the Atlanta...
Locker, that's bulletin board material.
The Ottawa
Senators, man, they got Anderson back.
I think he tweaked something the other night, but
they're right back on the thick of things.
NBC Sports did a poll, I believe it was yesterday,
on Wednesday night, and the fans voted Ottawa Senators
the most afraid team to come out of the Atlantic.
Like, they're most afraid to play the Ottawa Senators
coming out of the Atlantic.
Who voted on that, fans?
The fans.
I mean, who else do you have?
Yeah, I mean, up the Atlanta.
Boston looks pretty good.
Yeah, yeah.
I've been shitting on Boston all year.
I've been saying all year they wouldn't make the playoffs.
I am 100 wrong.
I will admit it happens often.
But they're fucking good right now.
They look like.
11-3 on the Cassidy.
You know, they're not locked. certainly not locked into that third seed.
It's unlikely that they would win the Atlantic,
but basically they're pretty well ensconced into that third seed.
How great would it be if they played Montreal first round?
It would be great, but the Ottawa-Boston series would be sick.
It would be an awesome series.
I can picture those series going seven games, entertaining games,
but with Boston, every time you hear a coach possibly is going to get gassed I can picture that game, those series going seven games, entertaining games.
But with Boston, like every time you hear a coach possibly is going to get gassed midseason,
there's always those fucking clowns who are like, it's not the coach's fault.
It's the player's play, blah, blah, blah.
This is proof right here that a coaching change can completely make a difference sometimes.
There's nothing else to really  there's no other way to point at it.
It's the same guys.
And Marshawn was playing sick with Julian after the beginning
struggles he had. So it's just
why are they so much
better now? It's funny.
It's style and coaching.
Our listeners, he's actually a long time
K-Wall, a buddy from Syracuse.
What's up, Syracuse?
What's up, K-Wall?
No, he actually said if you've ever seen a coach get K-Wall, a buddy from Syracuse. What's up, Syracuse? What's up, K-Wall? Shout out to K-Wall.
No, he actually said, if you've ever seen a coach get fired and then hired by another team,
and it actually makes two teams better by firing one coach.
You know what I mean?
Like, the Bruins obviously got better bringing in Cassidy,
and they're much better having gotten rid of your boy, Michel Therrien.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
In other words, like, one coach gets fired.
Well, actually, I mean, two teams. Oh, so you think that the Canadians are way better with wait, wait. In other words, like, one coach gets fired. Well, actually, I mean, two.
Oh, so you think that the Canadians are way better with Julian, too.
Yeah, well, yeah.
He's a Canadiens fan, too.
He says they're a lot better.
Well, I mean.
Yeah, no, I was wondering what Canadiens fans thought about that.
I've been looking, and, I mean,
Montreal still played some really shitty games with Julian.
They still can't score.
They can't.
And that's, I remember, but at the same time,
I said the same thing about Boston.
I'm like, they can't score.
And they're fucking scoring now.
So it's just, it's so weird to think how a coach exchange can make that much of a difference.
And then you hear, though, I don't know if we talked about how Spooner and Vetrano came out
and mentioned that they had really bad relationships with Coach Julian.
What's your take on that?
One, I love that they said that.
Two, I could picture, and and i mean i think there's a
lot of coaches out there especially old school guys who don't necessarily like young players and
there's a there's the games completely changed where a lot of the best players are the youngest
players now and so coaches have had to deal with it but you know there's there's old school guys
that grew up in and played in a time called julian and terrian when he played even though he's a
fucking pigeon and i saw a picture of him uh on therian when he played, even though he's a fucking pigeon, and I saw a picture of him on the
glass when he didn't dress when his team won
the AHL title, like banging on the glass.
Hey guys! He wasn't even in the lineup, so fuck
him. But I
mean, it's just, they played
in a time when
young guys fucking
got no respect, and they had to earn it,
and that's the old school way, and so they
coach that way, but you can't do it now. Right, and they had to earn it, and that's the old school way. And so they coached that way.
But you can't do it now.
Right.
And I saw people, well, whatever, on Twitter or some other report saying,
oh, he's a con, like, he's a coward.
Why didn't you say it when Claude's here?
It's like, well, first off, because he's the fucking coach.
You're not going to say stupid shit like that to the media.
Oh, yeah.
But it's like, okay, all the media, Cephe, myself included,
that Claude favors veterans, he loves veterans,
he's going to give them the benefit of the doubt over a young guy.
And all that Spooner and Vetrano did was confirm what we've been saying for years.
They told the truth.
Exactly.
They said it.
They can't win.
They can't win.
Exactly.
It goes back to like the Halsey of the view.
It's like they're damned if they do.
They're damned if they don't.
If they just give the typical vanilla answers, then, oh, these guys don't give you anything.
And then they give you some honesty and say well yeah I don't think he liked me
and that was what we saw
no the good thing is though
I think it's starting to switch
I think people are starting
to realize
that the media
who gives guys shit
for actually telling the truth
they're now becoming
the fucking clowns
like you can't
if you're gonna be the media
that says oh you shouldn't
say a word
and like that's not
how it is now.
So the longer you shit on guys for being honest, people want honesty now.
That's why podcasts are popular, I swear to God.
Because people  it's like real talk for the most part.
It's not these fucking answers that are short and sweet and full of cliches.
And it's the old school way of speaking your mind and maybe telling things that people
hated in the old guard of the game.
It's just not...
It's not like that anymore and it's a good thing
for the game. Right, yeah. A lot more
personality. But, I mean, that's running
quickly through Boston and Ottawa
being... I would right now
pick Boston and Ottawa to beat Montreal if they played
in a series, both of them. And it's crazy
to think, especially with Tuca struggling against Montreal in his career,
but it would be sick if Montreal and the Bruins end up playing.
Well, the winner, Ottawa and Montreal, whoever wins the Atlantic,
is most likely going to have the reward of playing the New York Rangers in the first round.
Yeah, so I can't wait for the playoffs.
And the other thing that I love that we got a tweet.
I don't know if you were on it.
Some guy was fucking furious that we don't talk about Columbus.
We haven't even mentioned him yet.
They're one point behind Pittsburgh and three points behind Washington,
and they get zero respect.
Now, I think part of it is because they don't have a storied history.
I really do.
I don't think they really necessarily have a superstar in their lineup,
and that kind of changes perception of their team.
Who would you call a superstar?
I saw that face. He may not be one there yet. Who would you call a superstar? I saw that face.
He might not be one there yet.
I mean, Brandon Saad.
Superstar?
I just said he might not be there yet.
Oh, no.
He'll never be like a Crosby.
No, I don't mean a Crosby.
I mean, he was, if not a star on the track, to be a star in Chicago.
Was he not?
Yeah.
And he seems like, again. I think he's a really, really good player, but when I think be a star in Chicago, was he not? I mean, yeah. And he seems like, again.
I think he's a really, really good player,
but when I think of like a star player, I don't.
All-star caliber?
Yeah, I mean, all-star, but I'm talking about guys
that really kind of move the needle.
Like, you know, even Marshawn this year, you bring him up.
He's a guy for Boston, and then, you know.
Yeah, we'll get to him a little later.
But Columbus, part of it is that they're just not like.
I know what you're saying, though.
You know, 94 points without a, I mean, you look at all the first-place teams,
Washington, Pittsburgh second place, Montreal, Chicago, Minnesota.
I mean, they all have a superstar.
They all have a superstar.
Yes, and they get more pub, but I just  the Columbus team,
they're really deep.
So you watch them play, and every single line, there's not much
it's a great thing for them.
That's what I'm saying
because every line
is fucking good.
They don't really have
a fourth line.
Flying under the radar
might be a good thing for them
because then,
you know,
people,
well,
I don't necessarily
other teams,
but you know,
there's not going to be
a lot of expectations
for them outside of Columbus,
but they're a team though
that like you said,
the history is,
there isn't a lot of history.
There isn't a lot of all,
you know,
rivalries already set.
But I think this playoffs could be a huge factor doing that.
Say they have a seven-game versus Pittsburgh for the first round.
That is a fucking knockdown, drag them out.
Remember their series a couple years ago, Pittsburgh-Columbus?
One of the best first-round playoff series.
Remember Dubinsky and Crosby?
They hate each other.
That was great. I'm looking at Todd, though. He's 24.insky and Crosby, they hate each other. That was great.
I'm looking at Sad
though.
He's 24.
He's got 20 goals,
48.68 games.
I mean, yeah, he could
end up being, he's a
really good player.
I just more thought of.
I know what I'm saying.
I know what you're
saying.
Yeah.
Which could be
Bobrovsky might be the
best player on that
team.
Yeah, he's been.
And their defense.
When Torts is really
talking up a goalie,
especially a Russian
goalie, you know he's
playing great. So the East, it's especially a Russian goalie, you know he's happy with him.
He's playing great.
No, sorry.
The East, it's not completely set.
Basically, it looks like seven teams we can guess the leader in.
Toronto Islanders and Tampa are fighting for the last spot.
Yeah, all shooting for that last spot.
Over in the West.
The West is where it's at.
The teams are set.
Pretty much set.
Yeah, the LA Kings are in the ninth spot.
They're four back of St. Louis.
They've played one more game.
They're going to need a good burst and some help to get in the playoffs.
But we can assume that the eight teams for the West are in now, again,
allowing for, you know, L.A. to make a run here.
The West is basically going to be all about positioning.
You still got Chicago, Minnesota neck and neck for the top seed out there.
Edmonton has actually dropped down into the wild card.
Of course, they can win a game and get back in the top three at Pacific.
It's just all positioning, it looks like, out West.
How cool would a Calgary-Edmonton playoff series be?
That would be the Battle of Alberta would be back.
For the first round? I know.
It's funny.
Smitty would probably come back and play for the Warriors.
That has finally died down.
I think people realized.
It's funny.
Got to get some chiclets first, though.
I'll join that.
For some reason, when I watched it all again,
he meant to actually bring in the
he was actually talking about winning the cup in Long Island
and bringing it back to Edmonton.
They didn't realize until I watched it.
That's why I said that he'd think they had Dennis Podman.
The Billy Smith.
Yeah, that's why I caught that bucket last night.
That was hilarious.
Edmonton, they're so fun.
I love that they have the 9 o'clock starts for the Eastern time.
Put on their game.
It's not as bad as like a 10-30 start in terms of staying up.
And they're just fun to watch at home.
They worked over Dallas last night.
I think they got seven goals and mcdavid is just it's so fun to watch that guy play he is unbelievable he's
like you just never you don't get to see this often i mean it's one of those players that he
does shit that's just they played against pittsburgh i don't know if anybody got to see it
it went to overtime he had the most he had three rushes where he completely dangled through guys
flying look like he looks like he's going fucking and it looks like it's fast forward like you got
paused and you're fast forwarding on DVR and he's just blowing by guys and then Kroos made some
plays it was a really fun game to watch and one good thing too is we get to see McDavid so much
more than we got to see like the Gretzky teams that's one big thing I know obviously you guys
are a little younger,
and a lot of our audience probably doesn't remember,
but when Gretzky played them.
Yeah, you're 60, right?
Yeah, 130.
Well, back in the day when we used to drive to Zamboni with Clydesdales.
But back in the 80s, we really didn't see a lot of Wayne Gretzky.
I mean, the TV was here.
The only satellite dishes were those giant fucking, you know,
trying to find ET-type satellites.
You know, you need one of those in your back hat to get Canadian hockey.
Oh.
No, go ahead.
The only time we saw Gretzky really was in the, not even early playoffs,
like late-round playoff games when they would finally come on TV.
We just didn't see a lot of Wayne Gretzky's regular season games.
But it's great to have Center Rice now so we can see McDavid doing what he's doing.
Go ahead, Witz.
It's just a quick.
You're always talking up direct TV to me.
Dude, I was down in Florida and the house had it and it just cuts out.
Like I told you, that's why I would never get it.
It happened twice and then both things are like eight minutes.
They're not a sponsor, are they?
Eight minutes.
Oh, yeah.
Do we do ads with them?
We're in the new world now.
It's like I got to watch what beers I shit on now online or otherwise they got to stir They're not a sponsor, are they? Eight minutes. Oh, yeah. Do we do ads with them? We're in the new world now.
It's like I got to watch it like beers I shit on now online or otherwise they got to stir it.
Yeah, of course.
It's going to be sending people after you.
Yeah.
Direct TV, I know people have that problem.
It's your location.
If you're in some spots, just sock weather-wise because it's satellite-based fucking service.
That was just my direct TV, bitch.
But Chicago, I mean, they're doing it again.
They're primed
to win another cup.
Like,
you can't,
it's the same way
when they play Minnesota
in the second round,
because that's probably
what'll happen.
I think those two teams
should win their
first round matchups.
I'm going to pick Chicago.
And then you're going to
pick them in the finals.
I mean,
they're tough to pick against.
They're so good.
That's why I took them back in the beginning of the year when they were 8-1. I still can't believe I got 8-1 this year. I got 8're tough to pick against. They're so good. That's why I took them
back in the beginning of the year
when they were 8-1.
I still can't believe
I got 8-1 to a beginning of the year.
Wow, that's a solid bet.
I forgot you did that.
Yeah, and like I said,
I'm not gambling
because I want them to win.
How many teams do you take, though?
I get about five or six of them.
Five or six?
Bruins definitely being one of them.
Bruins, I got a 25-1 recently, too.
I mean, which is not a bad price.
That's definitely not a bad one. After the trade. I got Chicago 25-1 recently, too. I mean, which, not a bad price. That's definitely not a bad one.
After the trade.
I got Chicago 8-1.
I got fucking, dude, Nashville 28-1.
I just got that like a week ago, dude.
That's a fucking pretty good price for a playoff team.
I mean, yeah, that...
How hard is Minnesota...
If Minnesota plays them in the first round, like, that's a hard matchup.
Like, that's...
There's a really good team.
Actually, Pecorino's been horrendous the past couple weeks,
but he still, at any moment, can just turn it on
and be one of the best in the league.
That's great odds.
28-1.
San Jose, too.
I think 12 or 14-1.
I bet them, too.
But this was my sleeper at the beginning of the year.
Calgary, 40 to 1 I got at Calgary back in September.
They're like 20 to 1 now.
I know they're probably not a big favorite to win it, but 40 to 1 would be a fucking nice ride.
Calgary, did you see this happening?
They've won 10 games in a row.
Yeah.
The start of the year, they were horrible.
I remember their coach, he ripped on them at one point.
Remember what he was saying about them?
I don't know.
One of the press conferences, he was just calling them out, carving them.
Yeah, they had a real slow start.
What's his name?
Brian Elliott was the big free agent signing out of St. Louis.
Yeah, he was struggling.
He struggled early, but he's been lights out lately, man.
They're a team, again, I mean, like Grinnelli said,
Calgary-Edmonton first round.
I mean, it sucks for the fans of those teams because you wait all year long
and the playoffs come and you're out in one round,
but the stakes are so fucking big this year.
Wait, what do you mean?
As far as if Calgary and Edmonton play the first round of the playoffs,
one of those teams is going to be gone after two weeks.
Yeah, but one of them could be gone if they played
anyone else too you're just meaning like well just being well that the two teams that hate each other
at bala alberta or even looking at the at the east like say two teams that have waited to get in and
one of them's gonna knock each other out almost but that makes it even better like then if those
two teams played we've both had bad years in the past few years especially edmonton and now like
we actually got in and then work you over too
it would be
pretty good bragging rights
and you know
it's again
it sucks for the fans
of the team
but
I think people think
oh you lost in the first round
you were a failure
well you know
you could lose to a team
the same team
in the third round
in another year
I just don't think
if you lose in the first round
the season's
an abject failure
no especially for a young team too
like
in Pittsburgh
the first year we made it
we got we lost in five to Ottawa.
And the season felt like a success because you got into the playoffs
and you really kind of basically got your season goal was to get in, right?
So you didn't expect to win the Cup,
but just getting in and doing it for the first time actually means a lot.
So a first-round exit as a player, too, especially on a team
who's been struggling.
Like Edmonton, if Edmonton had a good first-round loss,
that season's a success, I think.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, you're not going to get right to the Cup your first year
by the playoffs most times.
So, yeah, basically things are more about position in the West.
But as far as personal and individual seasons, Grinnelli,
you had something you want to get into?
Guys, yeah, your Hart Trophy.
I mean, who's going to win the Hart Trophy this year?
I mean, is Brad Marchand even going to get votes?
I mean, he should at this point, right?
No, I don't think so.
I think he probably deserves some,
but there's guys ahead of him that will get votes,
and I don't think that Marchand has
I don't think he's loved by media
for people to be going on the line
and voting for him. But if you actually watch
his game and how much he
means to the Bruins, you have every right
that you could vote for him.
It's incredible to see
what he's turned into as a player.
Four years ago, when he was
getting involved in all the shit after the whistles
and all that, he still has that edge and that side where he can be dirty.
He can take over a game now.
Yeah, now he's taking over games with his skill level.
And he's so tenacious on the puck.
It's just, without him, I don't know where the Bruins are.
Bingo.
Took the words right out of my mouth.
But what is the...
You always say for MVP, it's like...
People always make fun of it.
Is it most important to your team or the best player in the league?
I don't even know.
What is it?
Yeah.
Actually, we'll pull up the Hart trophy.
I think there's probably like a definition, but I have no clue.
I mean.
I think that, you know, he definitely should be in the conversation.
Like what you said, you know, where would the Bruins be without him?
And it's tough to think that they'd be in the third in the Atlantic without him.
Again, whether he's going to get the votes or not, go ahead.
The Hart Memorial Trophy, originally known as the Hart Trophy, is awarded to the player
judged most valuable to his team.
Yeah.
But I don't think they vote like that.
They don't.
Yeah.
And then you could say Brodsky for Columbus.
And have him, not that I'm black on Johnny Media here, but haven't been around the press box
and the media a little.
Yeah, you are.
You're Johnny Media.
Big J, humble brag.
Big J.
I was in a press box.
Well, I'm about to shit on him,
so I don't know how much.
It's that a lot of these guys,
you know,
like they get the
Pro Hockey Writers Association
badge or membership.
And I did look into it years ago.
They have the card
in their wallet.
And I could have gone.
They try to use it
to get into bars
like the NHLPA guard.
Pick up chicks. Hey man, I write for the globe. I could have gotten on a couple years ago if I wanted the card in their wallet. They try to use it to get into bars like the NHL PA card. Pick up checks. Hey man,
I write for the globe. I could have got on
a couple years ago if I wanted to apply
and do all that. And I'm like, well, I don't want to do it just so I can
say I have a vote. Because what the fuck
is having a vote if I'm going to use it for
players and teams I don't see played? I think
that's what a lot of the media does. It's
impossible to see every guy play.
You're going to rely on stats. You're going to rely on
highlights. And I think that I don't know if it makes all the voting flawed but you just you know you
have a lot of guys i mean they just happen to to get a phwa card that maybe don't see a lot of
hockey and then they have to rely on other people's intel to make a decision they rely on the course
we had a guy and he's a long time list i forgot his name he said a couple weeks ago he goes oh
i got two minutes in.
When you guys called the Corsi nerds, I stopped listening.
I'm like, buddy, like.
Kick rocks.
It's like somebody told you he stopped listening to one of the podcasts because we made fun of him.
We did call them nerds.
It's like, if you listen to Five More Minutes, buddy, we didn't dismiss it as something that no one listens to.
It's just that it's not.
What a sensitive fucking guy.
Holy shit.
It's not the X Factor.
It's not the X Factor.
Some people live and die by the Corsi, man.
They do.
And that's what we said.
Yeah, it's just another tool
to evaluate players,
but to have it be
an end-all, be-all.
And that's what we said.
It's not the end-all, be-all.
Yeah, it's a tool
that scouts use,
but I don't know
how the fuck
we got there anyways.
Well, you know what?
I actually want to say MVP.
Brent Burns.
I think you said it once, actually.
I don't know if that was on,
off air. Oh, yeah. I've said it a few times on air. Brent Burns. I think you said it once, actually. I don't know if that was on or off air.
I've said it a few times on air.
70 points.
He's a defenseman.
He's got 27 goals.
How do you not give him votes? He's locked up to Norris.
They're going to have a hard time whittling down.
They've locked up to Pacific.
Whittling down candidates. Devin Dubnik,
how is he not an MVP?
I know goalies.
It's hard.
Actually, I should say, goalies don't typically get mentioned unless they play for the Canadians.
And in which case, it's like they're unanimous fucking MVP winners.
But, you know, I mean, you do look at the list.
Like, you know, Kane, McDavid, Marchand, Crosby.
And it's funny, too.
Crosby gets mentioned all the time.
And Malkin has fucking two less points and you never hear him. And one less game. And you never hear his name. You think that's... Malkin's the fucking man, how Crosby gets mentioned all the time, and Malkin has fucking two less points, and you never hear it.
And one less game.
And you never hear his name.
You think that's...
Malkin's the fucking man, by the way, dude.
Is he?
Dude, I watched the other night.
He played in Winnipeg, and I don't know if you remember earlier in the year, he buried Blake Wheeler.
Oh, yeah.
It was kind of a head shot.
It was kind of a head shot.
It actually was a head shot.
It was kind of a headshot.
It actually was a headshot.
And so the game started in Winnipeg the other night,
about two, three minutes in,
and Wheeler and Malkin dropped the gloves off a faceoff.
So I was like, fuck, that's good.
That means Malkin knew it was coming.
And first of all,
now I wish I could actually see him and talk to him because when I played with him, he didn't know English.
I never spoke to him.
And now his English, it's really improved.
And then I heard him do an interview after,
and he said, it was a great interview
for really a guy who's just learning English.
He said, I really respect Wheeler.
I know that my hit against him wasn't a good hit.
He's a captain and a really good player,
and he asked me to fight, and I said, okay, I fought.
And I was like, that's fucking awesome.
Malkin, this guy, I think he leads the league in points I said, okay, I fought. And I was like, that's fucking awesome. Malkin, this guy,
I think he leads the league
in points per game
actually this year.
He's just a superstar
that never gets mentioned.
Actually,
the time we were with Hall
when we were talking about
the best superstar
that never gets talked about,
it might be Gino Malkin.
He's fucking,
nobody ever talks about him
and he's insane.
That's what I just said.
It's like,
everyone talks about Crosby, Crosby, Crosby, MVP, MVP.
Well, why the fuck hasn't Mugglin's name been mentioned?
Like I said, he's done his much.
He's been doing it for a while now, too.
Yeah, but he's such a freak.
I remember, did I tell you when we played Toronto and we won like five to two or whatever?
I know we had five goals, and we came in the locker room after, and he had five assists.
And he was smashing his stick To pieces in the shower
Like
The five fucking
Blah blah blah
And
And I was like
What the fuck's wrong with him
And Gaunch
I was like
He's mad he didn't score
He had five apples
Sicko
What's it like to practice
With a guy like that
Does he pull off some
Like crazy shit in practice
Yeah he does
They do
I mean they
I think it's cool to see The best players in the world practice because they'll try things that
maybe they're maybe they're looking to see if it would ever work in practice and they think of
stuff to do that just that's just so like how do you think of that yeah well malcolm's just his
hands were so good and his reach like he's so big you don't realize how big he's like probably six
three and a half maybe not not six four say six three but he's skinny big. You don't realize how big. He's probably 6'3 12".
Not 6'4".
Say 6'3", but he's skinny.
You'd see him off the ice and be like, what the fuck?
But his balance is just incredible.
In his gear, you'd think he's like 230.
He's probably like 200.
So he's just a guy.
He's a freak.
You know that superstar question we asked Halsey a couple weeks ago?
Probably one of the better low-key superstars.
You know who I thought of well after the fact?
Patrick Elias, the Devils.
He was a bonafide star,
but because he played in New Jersey,
he had a low-key personality,
he just didn't seem to get the love
that he probably should have.
Yeah, and just because he never got
that many points on the Devils,
although I want to see him.
I wonder if he had some years over.
No, he had some monster years there
when he played with Sarkar.
Points are so weird now.
Like, with the leading scorer just having a little over point.
Like, Kane's 76 points.
It's not.
It's so different.
Like, nobody even.
It's so hard to get 100 points now.
You don't even see it happen.
It's like.
It is.
It's funny, too.
So you can't compare when you think back to the 80s.
And, you know, guys are putting.
I mean, Gretzky with 212 points when he had.
But even consistently, guys in the 160s, 150s, 170s.
And the scoring is just not what it used to be.
Now, I mean, two ways to look at it. You can say, oh, they're not as entertaining, which is bullshit.
I mean, I don't think you need eight to five games to make the league better.
I think it's just relative that, okay, there's not as many goals being scored
because look how good the fucking goal is now.
If you played in 1984 and you had 32 goals,
that's a guy playing now with, I say, nine.
Sixteen, yeah, maybe.
Nine to 12.
Yeah, you're right.
No, no.
12 to 15.
12 to 15 is 33 to 35 in the 80s.
Right, because there are guys who, you know, you can look through the names.
Yeah, you're like, what?
40 goal scorers.
And there are names that you don't even remember.
I don't remember that guy.
I don't even remember hearing him.
But then, like I just said.
That pisses all older players off so much, I'm sure.
When you watch how the goalies played, there was like no technique, really no style.
Goal 10 then has gotten so much better.
It's become so specialized.
And I think there's
almost too many
good goalies now.
That's why scoring is down
but having said that
the talent level
in the league
is as good as it's ever been
in my life.
Goalies,
you used to want
small goalies
and big forwards
and now you want
smaller forwards
and big goalies.
It's completely switched.
Hey, we also
we were shitting on him.
I don't know if we shit on him
but that Josh Hosang who took 66,
the honors. He's got six points in his last five
games. He's lighting up. OT
winning assist last night. He dropped it to Tavares.
So 66 is
actually producing a little bit.
One of our Twitter followers says, no, no.
Paul Lemieux. Josh Hosang
Lamux. What?
No, Lemieux picked 66 for Hosang.
We had that little thing going
earlier in the week. That was fucking pretty funny.
So, yeah, the MVP,
round the back around on that.
It's so fucking up in the air.
This is a year you really kind of have no
clue. Right. But I
do think that because he's
Crosby, he almost has to
be the built-in favorite because a lot of
Canadian media loves him.
Again, it does seem like he takes votes away from Malkin.
Malkin, you don't even hear him mentioned.
I mean, you could sit here and probably give six potential names to be on the final ballot.
You know, David, Kane, Crosby, Marchand, Burns, Dubnik up in Minnesota.
So it's going to be interesting to see who makes it.
But, yeah, I'd like see Marshawn get some love.
But, again, he's probably not the most beloved among some of the media.
Do you think the fact the guy's a winger?
A winger?
A winger.
They're my favorite.
I hear your Boston accent once a week when we're doing this.
That was.
They're my favorite crew from the 80s.
Because he's a winger.
Winger.
I like winger,
Tesla, rat, twisted
sister. You think he...
That's pisser.
Wicked pisser hair bands.
I think that Ovechkin's a winger.
Right, but that doesn't matter.
Do you think that matters with voters or me or anybody?
Maybe a little.
In theory, Senators do more on defense
both ends of the ice, but it shouldn't matter all that much.
I mean, if you're putting fucking point a game up,
you're putting point a game up.
Yeah, exactly.
And I think that, yeah, you could maybe complain a guy doesn't play as much D
and doesn't have to do work down low.
I think center's a harder position.
But when you're lighting it up, who gives a fuck?
Exactly.
Now, we've talked on the show,
and we've had some former and current NHLers talk about getting at it.
Are we talking about Lee Chin?
I believe that's my segue, yeah.
I'm wondering how many people know who Lee Chin is listening to this.
No, none.
Zero.
You want to know who Lee Chin is?
A pussy.
Oh.
This guy.
Okay, so let's go back into who he is.
The Vancouver Canucks, I don't know if you guys remember our goalie, Alex Auld.
Yes, I do.
Long time journeyman.
What team was Lee Chin on?
He's a hurler in Ireland, correct?
Yes.
All right, so he came over and he was going to train with the Vancouver Canucks.
And basically, Alex Auld went over there and they were just going to flip-flop and kind of see how things are done
for an Irish hurling team and then how things are done in the NHL.
This Lee Chin guy, Lee Chin, by the way, is he from Ireland?
An Irish Chinese?
Yeah, I mean, I didn't.
Lee Chin.
He looked like an Irish guy.
I don't know if he was of Asian persuasion and whether he has one parent who's Asian
or if he just fucking has the name Chin.
So he's the Wexford hurler.
Now, what's hurling?
Hurling is kind of like that sport that's...
It's like lacrosse and field hockey, I think, swear to God, mixed together.
Yeah, they did it over Fenway a couple years ago.
Yeah, but either way, it's a popular thing
in Ireland. Huge in Ireland.
When he came back, he told the Irish Times
what clearly surprised him
most... Is that a brogue?
Wasn't any superior physical fitness
or professional commitment, but their
opening relaxed attitude
to fighting and drinking.
What?
Listen to this quote.
He says,
the drinking culture is something
that surprised him even more.
Something he admitted he wouldn't dare do
sitting at his home.
Sounds like a fun guy to hang out with.
Let alone in front of the Wexford hurling manager,
Davey Fitzgerald.
This guy, he's really not doing
in Ireland any fucking service.
He sounds like the biggest like wet
blanket well he was shocked that erica branson was having a beer the day before a game at lunch
he says the drinking culture the drinking culture they have i couldn't believe it they were lowering
pints the day before a game and that was sitting at lunch have you ever so listen lee why don't
you go home and realize that you he't get paid, by the way.
He told the guys, he told in the article that when he told the guys he wasn't paid, they looked at him like he had two heads.
Yeah, no shit.
They're probably like, dude, what are you doing?
You don't get any money?
Why are you doing this?
So basically, he should go home and be like, all right, if these guys are making millions and they can have a couple beers the day before a game at lunch, maybe I can loosen up and live a little and not be such a... What? What the fuck would Lee Chin do back 30 years ago
in the 80s when guys were fucking doing rippers
and fucking staying out till all hours of the morning?
He probably would have buried him somewhere in Vancouver
because he would have snitched on them all.
Oh, my God.
I mean, just a pathetic look for Irish hurling.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I mean, that's the thing, too.
Wait a minute.
You got a guy from Ireland.
Those guys must be really fun to hang out with. Wait, wait. Here's the thing too. Wait a minute. Those guys must be really fun to hang out with.
Wait, wait. Here's the great irony.
A guy from Ireland complaining that the
fucking Vancouver Canucks of all teams
drink too much. It's like, wait a minute.
And I guess the Canucks president came out a few days
ago and said that
Lee Chin's remarks about the team were baseless
and false. You know, the old
Irishman Lee Chin.
The best part about the Irish Times article
is that they describe the Vancouver Canucks
as one of the top professional
teams in the NHL.
And what? Maybe in burning the
fucking city down. Maybe this was like seven years
ago when this happened.
What kind of
a fucking baby you got to be to complain
about drinking? Lee Chin, just a pathetic
showing. We always say how the drinking drinking yeah leeching o'reilly guys still get it still get at it but fucking not
nearly to the degree they used to me yeah like imagine if he saw a rookie party yeah this guy's
an embarrassment to ireland man fucking you know complaining god damn leeching that's that's just
fucking not embarrassing my homeland yeah exactly let's say that broke again uh i wasn't even
actually trying to do a broke there does it sound like oh i i actually am the worst accent guy in fucking not good. You're embarrassing my homeland. Yeah, exactly. Let's say that brogue again. I wasn't even actually
trying to do a brogue there.
Does it sound like a...
I actually am the worst
accent guy in the world.
What's an Irish accent?
A brogue.
Ryan, you're reading
a story about a morning tinder.
It goes a little better.
Oh, Ryan.
Ryan,
you can have a little
St. Patrick's Day this weekend.
You can have a little chair.
That's not bad.
That's pretty good.
That's better than your real voice.
I was just talking to Brogol now.
Hey, hey.
Hello, honey.
I'm feeling a little frisky, honey.
What do you say we have a role in the heat?
Guys.
Let's clean it up.
I want to go a little rover here.
I know we didn't talk about this before.
Uh-oh.
The Minnesota high school hockey tournament
with this past week,
that looks like absolute madness
I saw some tweets that you were
By the way
The hair stuff
Those kids with the hair
That's awesome
They must be just laying into senior girls
Rocking the helmet
No bucket
And Minnesota
No bucket warm ups
With your cut mullet
And your afros
I mean that's living
Those guys planned that shit
Ages ago You have to I think those's living Those guys playing that shit Ages ago
You have to
I think those hairs
You gotta start
Like that one guy
With the
He had the blonde flow
Mullet
Like bleach blonde
But then he had the
Hulkster fucking mustache
I mean that stuff
Like you gotta play
That stuff months ahead
I mean imagine those kids
DMs leaving those games
You get all the girls
From all the towns
Around mini
That tournament's sick
They sell out Excel
For the games I think
19,000 seats.
We got a few invitations.
Obviously, couldn't swing it this year.
I'm down to go next year. I will go next year.
Imagine us showing up for...
Watching a high school hockey game
is one thing, and watching it hung over
is probably even worse. We'd be
struggling there. I'd be dying. It's late nights
if you go out there. Think they serve beers
to the game? No.
Imagine? Pack Stadium, 19,000.
They can't. They gotta.
They know there's no way.
There's no way. They don't even sell it for
most college games. The only
hair-related thing I can remember
back in Massachusetts
hockey, high school hockey,
well, Matanon. Do you remember what Matanon used to do?
Yes, they used to do the Mohawks, right?
Yeah, I mean, nowadays it'd probably be fucking culturally insensitive
and the high schools would probably ban it.
But yeah, the Matanon before the tournament,
back when Marty Pierce, former fire commissioner,
used to coach them.
Former fire commissioner.
The whole team would fucking get out and get the Mohawks.
I remember that.
Nico Dimitriakos, T.C. Harris,
was one of the best high school players
and everyone from Massachusetts knows who he was.
It's funny, I don't know this guy
But people growing up around here
Like guys who played in the NHL
Guys who played college
T.C. Harris was this superstar
Best player ever
I think he had a full ride to BU
Got into some trouble
Ended up never even
I think he might have played D3
And then he kind of flunked out
And I never really heard anything about him
And then one time like 6-7 years ago
somebody saw him he was
hot dog guy at Fenway Park
long red hair and a ponytail
I was like who would ever guess
that kid was one of the most can't miss
NHL prospects in history
it's crazy
Nico got played a little bit
Nico was unbelievable at Maine.
He left Maine and played in San Jose in the playoffs,
was running there five on three.
So he was a fantastic player.
We got any all-right Hamiltons?
Yes, we do.
We actually have a bunch.
Some good ones this week.
I'm going to the chiropractor today.
You guys ever go to the chiropractor?
No.
I never have.
I'm headed after this.
Yeah, you look a little antsy all the time.
Yeah, my back hurts.
All right, so R.A., I know you'll appreciate these questions.
Got a couple music questions.
So, Alex Rubin asks, what's your take on music in the locker room before the game
and the best locker room celebration songs?
Oh, I can't wait to hear what he wants.
I would love to hear what you'd listen to to get fired.
First off, I'm going to need to hit a question again because my partner.
All right, so, Alex Rub Rubin asked what's your take
on music in the locker room
before the game
in the best locker room
celebration song
music before
I mean obviously
I would be the old guy
running the DJ
I mean I don't know
what are the rules on that
what are they
how do they assign a DJ
I think everyone
kind of just says
dude you're the music guy
if I'm up there
you're getting the
fucking healthy dose
of all these
fucking before a game so probably some Zeppelin 1, 2, 3.
Get the fucking headband and get into a little, maybe some old Aerosmith.
You know, you want to get the blood.
Throw on Dream On, guy.
Throw on Dream On by Aerosmith.
Definitely, maybe even some old, you know, maybe a little,
if it's a couple hours before the game, maybe some fucking Motown.
Get a little loosey-goosey.
Get a good vibe in the room.
As far as a celebratory tune after a win, shit, man.
It's tough on the spot.
I can't even think of one.
You know what?
Maybe it's kind of weird.
No, it's a great sing-along tune.
She's a Rainbow by the Stones.
Great jam tune.
No, it's a great one.
We always had was Beautiful Day by U2.
That's a great win song.
I think the Canucks play song. I think the Canucks
play it.
I know it plays every year when
the Division I team
wins a national championship in lacrosse.
Every single year they play that.
I will say, nowadays
it's like a lot of house
electric, which
I mean, I love that shit to get fired up or to
work out. I mean, just I don't think there's much Rolling Stones these days in the locker room.
Probably not, but that's because I don't play anymore.
But there is one song that does get played.
It's the cliche, but when it happens, when your team wins,
it's the one song they do play in the locker room because I fucking heard it.
Celebrate your time.
Come on.
Yeah, the Bruins are getting down and fucking cooling the gang.
No.
How do you not play that if you're like, that's a sick win.
Okay.
Dude, true story, 100.
When I was, here we go, another locker room talk with R.A.
Locker room talk with R.A.
In Vancouver.
It's the same locker room, though.
No, I think I've been in three or four of them.
The one in Vancouver.
Legit fucking, this is crazy.
And I didn't try to record it and I didn't try to record it
I didn't want to record it
I didn't even attempt to
because it was such a private moment
I just was blessed to be there
but it was
after the Bruins
had tossed all the like
all the media
except for one guy
and all the family
out of the locker room
and they fucking shut the door
and they put the radio on
and it was
I don't know if Sagan
put the music on
and the fucking
they queued up
we are the champions dude
yeah that's sick.
That's awesome.
Legit, I was probably the only non-staff in there.
I just was in the corner drinking my beer.
And I'll never forget, Sagan had the cup row.
He had the whole fucking team singing, we are the champions.
Goosebumps city, man.
People are like, oh, you didn't record a camera.
I'm like, no, man.
It was like a private thing.
I wouldn't have felt right taping it.
I was happy to be there, blessed to be there.
And then all of a sudden, it was like someone shut it off.
Halfway through, like, let's go.
We got to get the fuck out of here.
There's a riot down the street.
The plane's waiting for us.
We got to screw.
Guys who have won the cup have told me that the best moment is the locker room's crazy,
and it's the media, and it's the families, and the GMs.
the locker room's crazy and it's the media
and it's the families
and the GMs
and then when it ends
usually
you have a couple hours
when it's just the team
and the training staff
and you're in there
with the cup
and it's the last time
you're ever together
alone as a team
because think about it
you have the parade
and then you have
the parties at night
and wives and girlfriends
and everyone else is there
and then you go on
and that team's never
really the same team
there's always at least
one thing so you win the cup and you have the celebration then there's
a couple hours i think commodore told me in carolina they did it and it was just like the
best moment you're just with your buddies one last time with with the uh the big trophy i gotta win
me a cup yeah you'll get one dude don't worry keep working you'll be there with your warrior
sticks i gotta gloves too gloves too too, also. In bucket.
All right.
Stephen Pacu asks, what's the best road city to go out in?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, man.
People ask me, like Halsey said to me, like, what do you miss about the NHL?
I was like, man, some of this going out in some of those cities is so
fun like it chicago is the first one i always think of i it's such an it's like bigger than
boston small than new york cleaner than both the people are friendly rockets rockets walking around
everywhere it's yeah it's just that chicago's awesome um see i never really liked going out
in la because it's such like a hero act and like I had so
spread out so I wasn't a huge guy
in terms of there. New York City's
man. I mean, you guys
you guys, you're spitting
chicklets, took Manhattan. You saw
what it's like. That's a
city to go out in.
God knows what fucking Grinnelly took home
with him. Fort Lauderdale.
Oh God, Grinnelly was just getting after it. Two fives add up to a ten, Grinnelly took home with him. Fort Lauderdale. Fort Lauderdale. Oh, God. Grinnelly was just getting after it.
Two fives add up to a ten, Grinnelly.
I think Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, Nashville.
Sneaky six.
Dude, that's my number one.
I'm going down there on a bachelor party later this year.
I can't wait.
Broadway.
Just live music.
Great time down there.
You got Vegas coming up.
Vegas is gonna be
A road city too
Jesus
I'm going to Vegas
May 19th and 20th
I might have just
Won a Vegas trip
I've never been
The bracket buster
You've never been
I've never been to Vegas
You're not going to Vegas
Nope
I think it's time
For a new fucking
I want it to be special
I want it to be special
You gotta do Vegas
Right man
You gotta go after
You win your cup
That's what I'm saying
You gotta go after
You win your cup
That's what I'm gonna do
Exactly
With my warrior twigs
Wow
Obviously I didn't
Tour the Play in the NHL,
but Chicago was the first city to come to mind
because it's such a fucking great city.
Oh, and Vancouver.
Holy shit.
Yeah.
In Vancouver, the one time I was there was a business trip
celebrating Copeland, so I didn't even get to go out there.
I was there for 36 hours.
I didn't get to experience anything.
What's Calgary like?
Well, it's a business trip for you.
You want a cup.
What?
Calgary.
How's Calgary?
Calgary's sick.
Cowtown.
Rockets.
Big beers.
I mean, the only thing about Canada that it can be a great thing and it can be a shitty
thing.
You can imagine who it's great for, but you get recognized everywhere.
So, I mean, you can't really pull some things that you know is probably getting filmed and
pictures being taken.
Nowadays, yeah.
God, I mean, playing in the NHL before cell phones.
You can't even imagine what it would have been like.
Indictments pending.
Happy Father's Day.
All right, so Matt Oroic asks,
what's the best story you've heard about a team trying to woo a free agent to sign with them? All right, yeah, so Matt Oroic asks, what's the best story you've heard about a team
trying to woo a free agent to sign with them?
Roy Hamilton.
Fuck, I more think of, like, other sports.
I was going to say, that sounds like a college recruit
when you've got, like, you know,
three chicks waiting to triple team a guy.
Oh, what's that move, Jesus Charlesworth?
That's the best, when he goes in with those girls.
That definitely happens.
Oh, definitely.
That doesn't happen in the NHL, though.
You hear about Louisville with the prostitutes.
Yeah.
Patino hiring prostitutes for his team.
And Patino's quote in court was,
you think that the prostitutes would have been that ugly if I knew about it?
Yeah.
Oh, and the other thing, Patino came, Patino said in court,
I came in two seconds.
That's pretty embarrassing.
I came down my leg.
I mean, if you're going to perjure yourself,
that's the fucking time to perjure it. At least say a minute and a half for christ's sake you know i don't know
he's just got the jizzing down a 60 year old guy's leg all of a sudden but yeah i i don't think that
recruiting goes on like to that level you can't i mean plus these guys i mean they've already
fucking seen it all i mean if you're a free agent in the nhl you probably you've already been blown
nine ways till sunday the biggest the biggest way i think you could do it is if it's Washington or it's Pittsburgh,
you say, hey, Sid, can you text this guy?
Give him a call.
Hey, we'd love to have you.
I mean, that's probably as big as you're going to get.
That's why hockey is different than every other sport.
Yeah, you know, it's kids that come from fucking humble beginnings,
and they're good guys, and they respect the game.
That's hockey.
This kid grew up loaded and went to Harvard.
Anyways.
An All Right Hamilton was brought to you by Jack Threads.
These days, shopping online for clothes is a no-brainer.
It's easier than ever to get new gear for the season with as little effort as possible.
But why is it so hard to find quality stuff at a great price?
At jackthreads.com, you can.
Great style doesn't have to be expensive,
whether it's a big name clothing brand or the Jack Threads in-house line. You're sure to find great new looks for the season at the right price. Need ideas? Discover new spring looks with Shop
the Look. And as I've explained before, I love to look good, but my biggest problem is picking out
clothes. What's cool yesterday probably won't be cool tomorrow.
So be ahead of the game with the Jack Threads.
Shop the look and be the best dressed guy every time you go out.
Whether you need to refresh your t-shirt drawer or find a new pair of jeans,
jackthreads.com has incredible deals on the best stuff of the season.
Discover on-trend pieces and find exclusive items you can't find anywhere else
jack threads helps guys build head to toe looks with the stylist approved shop the look feature
go to jackthreads.com right now and take advantage of their massive spring sale you'll find everything
you need to gear up for the season from everyday essentials to trend right staples and the perfect fitting
jeans for all year round.
Well, what do we got?
What do we got? No, next, we got some
good games coming up the rest of this week
and this weekend.
Hopefully we round up one of the, maybe the
guests for next week. We'll have a guest for next week.
We just don't know who it is yet.
We got some good ones coming up. Yeah, we got quite a few
in the chamber, just like I said, with logistics.
Who would you like to get the most?
Sidney Crosby, to be honest.
You'd love to talk to Sidney Crosby.
I think Crosby would be great.
I could try to make that happen.
As far as an old retired guy, which I think the retired,
obviously it's good to have current players,
but the retired guys have been as great as anyone.
I love the retired guys.
They'll say a little bit more.
Exactly.
I like when people tweet us guests, too, because they're guests that we don't even think of.
Right.
Yeah, I know.
People tweet us these names, and oh, that's perfect.
I know.
I've been keeping a small list, a list of guys who have been requested.
But someone like T. Mussolini, I think, would be a fantastic interviewer.
I texted him because I was like, he'd be the sickest guest.
And I think he said, hey, Whit, what's going on?
And then I mentioned the podcast and he didn't respond.
Maybe I can go around.
Maybe I'll send Grunelli and be like, this is my producer.
So it looks a little more official.
Yeah, a little more.
Send that envoy.
All right.
Well, yeah, that'll probably wrap it up this week.
So we got a big, exciting guest coming up.
Don't really wrap it up, though.
Huh?
Don't really wrap it up, Mikey.
No?
No, don't wrap it. Never wrap it up, though. Huh? Don't really wrap it up, Mikey. No? No. Don't wrap it.
Never wrap it.
All right.
That's what I said.
Yeah, I know.
I was Captain Condom in college because I went to school right after Magic's little secret
came out.
So we were on the condom committee up.
Oh, that must have been a fun experience.
Well, it was better than, hey, dude, I didn't care about knocking a chick up.
It was fucking, you know.
It was getting the old him.
I didn't want Dean's List to be the only thing I brought home from fucking North Adams.
Well, that'll end this episode of Spitting Checkouts.
Thank you very much for listening, everyone.
We love it.
Absolutely.
Great show.
Leave some reviews and follow us on Facebook.
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
Yeah, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram.
Instagram's been great. You guys do a great job with that. Some good clips from't know. Also, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. Instagram's been great.
You guys do a great job with that.
Some good clips from every night.
Thank you.
So listen to that and give us reviews on iTunes.
We love all you listeners, except for the fucking guy who quit after two minutes because we shit on Corsi.
Fuck you.
Toughen up.
All right.
Peace out.
Take care, folks.
Peace out. Vox. I'm Rob Cicernino, the aptly named Rob Has a Podcast,
where we're creating fun, smart conversation around reality TV games like Survivor.
And this March, Survivor Game Changers is finally here.
Join me weekdays for episode recaps, player interviews, and of course, your feedback. Bye.
