Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 220 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka from our friends over at New Williams to Damn Vodka.
What's up, gang? We got a lot of ice, off-ice happening, big-time stuff going on, some huge
news. We're going to get to it very shortly, but of course, we got to say hello to the fellas first.
Mikey G., the producer. Good seeing you the other night, buddy.
Yeah, what's up, guys? It was good seeing you guys the other night. Another great event
held this time in Boston. Also, we dropped up, guys? It was good seeing you guys the other night. Another great event held this time in Boston.
Also, we dropped some more
merchandise. It's a premium line called the
NBD line. It's not for
everyone. It's a little bit more money, a little bit higher
price point, but the material's nicer.
We've been working on it for a while. We built it from
scratch. So,
yeah, so, guys, it's exciting
times. Absolutely. A lot of stuff going
on next up. A lot of biz mixed up. We'll make sure he's paying attention. What's up there, buddy? Well, I was going times. Absolutely. A lot of stuff going on next up. A little biz mixed up.
We'll make sure he's paying attention.
What's up there, buddy?
Well, I was going to say, I feel you on the ending there, Mikey.
I feel like you didn't know how to end it and get out.
I didn't.
I did.
Oh, buddy.
Hey, buddy.
Sometimes on the radio broadcast, I say the most ridiculous shit at the end of a sentence.
And, like, you know me.
I really don't give a shit.
I'm like oh god what
the heck was it like i'll call myself out live radio like i don't give a shit but like it is
the worst feeling and there's a term for it where you know what i'm gonna say it's like the end of
the branch or something uh there's a broadcaster term for it i could only imagine you live at nhl
network like some of the end of your fucking sentences. Buddy, I
end sentences like
like John
McEnroe played tennis, dude.
Like I fucking end sentences
like Nick Lindstrom passed the puck.
Don't ever think that I struggled to end sentences.
Oh, you're good at it? Yeah, bro.
I don't ever have brain
farts at the end of the sentence. I might have them at the
beginning. I'm like, oh, what was I going to say?
At the end, I'm rolling into the end.
My issues are at the beginnings occasionally.
Okay.
Fair enough.
Because I've been on television before for the Coyotes on the Fox.
And it was my turn to talk.
And I was just like, oh, shit.
I don't even know what I was going to say.
Like, live on the broadcast. And Todd Walsh just laughed. And he's, I don't even know what I was going to say. Like, live on the broadcast.
And Todd Walsh just laughed and he's, you know.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
I'm at the beginnings.
But the end, once you're going, you're ending it.
Okay.
I'm going to disagree with you.
I think we're going to be able to catch you.
You just said what happened to you is what I said happens to me.
You said that they go to you and you go, oh, shit,
I don't know what I was going to say.
And that's what I just said happens to me.
But the end.
Oh, buddy, I get them all over.
You're bad at the beginning and the end occasionally.
Yeah, I guess that's what I was getting to is I fuck up all the time, man.
Anyway, we kind of started with Hamlin.
That's all right.
No 321s on live TV.
What's up?
The last member of the crew, Ryan Whitney, the wit dog.
Good to see you the other night as well, my man.
Yeah, great turnout.
It was a gross night, and the garden area can be kind of quiet when there isn't an event going on.
But it was still a great turnout.
Met a lot of good people.
Biz really missed having you there, dude.
Chonk.
It was just the three boys before Biz Nasty came on.
Say no chonk.
Say no chonk.
I was laughing.
I wrote a couple things down.
Oh, I'll have to bring it up later.
I dummied some kid with some quick math.
He actually goes, holy shit, you're really good at math.
But seriously, Biz, we did miss you.
So thank you, everyone who came out.
That was a blast.
Pink Whitney's flying off the shelves, Biz.
Yeah, it was even more of a sausage fest than some of my usual festivities.
I was thinking about the way home.
I was like, I think there was about five girls on the LBL night
because they all come for Biz.
He draws the ladies.
Oh, yeah.
Some kids like, dude, I had three buddies.
I had three buddies.
They didn't want to come because Biz isn't here.
I go, oh, fuck.
Tell them, thank God.
I actually said Biz would change.
I go, there'd be
like lights flashing over there there'd be lines of girls the world changes when biz is there i
said it right when i walked into mikey you guys are fucking nuts man not that many more people
ever come come in there because i'm going no people like oh there's any comment i'm like
dude he's not gonna i mean it's 5400 miles for a bruins watch party in november like you know
and i was just out east and then then I got to go up to Vancouver.
I told him, Biz, I told him how you said you were going to have a nervous breakdown
if you had to fly back east to west.
I told him I would do it, and then MB was like, ah, don't worry about it.
For a Bruins devil's watch party in fucking November.
So, hey, honestly, we want to say thanks.
And a kill.
Thanks.
And a kill.
Let's be realistic.
That goes without saying.
The staff of the Boston Sports Grill, like, listen,
they don't usually open that night, so all those folks come in on their night off.
Yeah, and obviously they're getting some sheets for it, but still, they did it,
so we appreciate that.
And also, too, we didn't tell everybody we had some fucking swag,
so everyone who came kind of got rewarded,
because if you tell people you got free shit,
then people are going to show up just for the free shit. So
the people who kind of came, they got a little reward.
They got nice sweatshirts, nice hoodies, t-shirts.
We had a lot of shit we gave away. Nice turnout
and we got a nice fucking puck line win. What's up, Whit?
No, just before I forget one of the things.
Biz, do you have like a second cousin or
something in Boston?
There's a lot of Bissonettes
out there. I don't know. I don't know.
I'd have to get the name and ask my old man. Well, no, there's kids like, yeah, I think my buddy's cousins with
Biz. I'm like, oh, what's his last name? Bissonette. And he's from Canada. He's like, no,
he's from here, but his last name is Bissonette. And apparently there's a video out there of Biz
like saying, yeah, I remember he's my second cousin. He's my boy. I was like, I don't know.
Yeah. I don't know if this is facts right now, But I was like, I bet you there's no chance Bizzle know either.
I have a big family, but I don't know.
What else were we talking about?
Oh, so you guys won a bet there?
Oh, yeah.
We hammered the Bruins puck and money line.
It was a dummy and great call by R.A.
Was a lot of people with you guys at the live event betting that?
Yeah.
Seemed like a pretty good applause.
That's awesome.
Four more goals, yeah.
When they went up 4-1, it kind of was very loud in there.
I could tell everyone because that's that extra cushion goal for the money.
Puck line, excuse me.
Can we talk about the Bruins quick?
Holy shit, dude.
They haven't lost a game in regulation at home this year.
They're 7-0-4 right now.
Pasta, I sent you guys in the group chat.
This guy's got 10 power play goals.
There's only two teams in the league with more power play goals
than Posta himself.
That's fucking insane.
That's insane.
Who was it?
It was Winnipeg and New Jersey?
Detroit, yeah.
I thought it was Detroit.
New Jersey's tied with Posta.
I think they have 10 power play goals.
But I was surprised that Detroit had that many, actually.
Yeah.
Well, they got two of them right away when Ferry came in.
He got fucking a couple quick snipes for them.
What's he got?
Seven points in six games now?
He's doing pretty good, man.
Good for him.
I'm really happy for him.
Yeah.
A little change of scenery.
Fucking plus contract here for him.
Hopefully good things will come.
So, again, thanks to everybody who showed up the other night
and again to the staff at the Boston Sports Show.
Of course, our friends at New Amsterdam was
another fun, successful event. But boys,
they dropped a big one.
Worma dropped the big one in Toronto.
Huge news. Just dropped late this afternoon
before we started recording. The Toronto
Maple Leafs lost their sixth in a row
Tuesday in Vegas. Have shit-canned
Mike Babcock and named Sheldon Keith
the new head coach.
Keith was coaching the team's AHL affiliate, the Mollies, since 2015.
And like we talked about the other day, what you mentioned,
he was the eventual successor or certainly seen as it,
and that's what he's become.
It did seem like to me, anyways, Babcock seemed like he was getting a lot more rope from the media up there than other coaches get in other cities
in the same situation.
But fucking everything but the coaches seem to get blamed, but he's gone.
Let's go to you first for your take. Yeah, I'm not that surprised. I think like when people
said how shocked they were, you could sense something was coming. And like I mentioned,
a lot of the money had been paid. If he was still owed, I don't know, 25 million, are they doing it?
Maybe because the Leafs are that loaded, the team looked lifeless I mean they they
looked so disinterested and we we everyone immediately said you need to have call me on
you need to have call me on call me we know what call me would have said call me on dance on his
grave we're following call me's twitter because it just would have been that live but still
I'm coming from somebody that
doesn't know. I never played for him. So even when you talk to good friends, you still there's some
part of you that's still sort of you're like, I kind of have to see it for myself no matter what.
But from what I've heard, people just couldn't stand him. The guys did not like playing for him.
He thinks he's like created hockey like he just has has a vibe of, of arrogance. I mean, you can give it or take it right.
Guys don't,
I've talked to have never liked playing for him.
So when I look at what's going to happen now,
a team can,
can seriously turn things around if they get a change behind the bench.
Right?
Like I'm not saying that,
that every single time it works,
but if a bunch of guys can't stand playing for someone,
and I have no clue if this was in Toronto, I'm talking past,
and then they get a new guy in, a guy that knows a lot of them
and coaching guys in the Marlies and guys who've come up
and is familiar with the entire organization and all their players,
they could be fired up and they could turn things around.
If they continue to look how they've looked, then you're like, whoa like whoa what's the problem here and then you start calling out some of the players
which i'm sure will get mentioned in this conversation because they should not think
this isn't on them i mean in the end they they chose they chose to gas the coach to try to get
guys going opposed to making a trade but still i i'm very interested to see i think this team
could could take off again and if do, I have no problem then saying
they really couldn't stand playing for him.
Yeah.
I guess I'll start off by saying, like, I never really want to see someone
get fired, especially somebody who puts as much time and effort
into the game of hockey as Babcock.
Like, I don't  this isn't like dancing on his grave.
There are some, you know, things that, you know, I'm going to give my opinion on about him that I don't think helped him in the
long run um you know he has accomplished a lot in the in the game but really not a lot recently
and I guess if you look at that roster he inherited in Detroit I mean one cup yeah I think a lot of
coaches might have been able to win one cup there with
that roster in that amount of time right would you probably agree with that anything less would
be a failure yeah so kind of put on a tee for him and listen once again he's put the work in and
he's deserved to be in that position at the the mecca of hockey but Sean Burke made this comment
when he came on the podcast and I couldn't have agreed
more with him more like sometimes some of these coaches and I think Babcock is one of them
truly believes it's about him and he's like the star and like every you know they're gonna win
by his calls and lose by by what you know maybe if he's not prepared but he always is and it's
just like he's it's like and he's also not the guy
to ever fall on the sword either.
So it's like, man, like when you're winning, you know,
it's because of you and, you know, you're dropping these quotes
and, you know, he's always like the quote man.
It's like he's a messiah.
Oh, and then takes the sip of water.
Yeah, he's like a messiah.
Like every time he opens his mouth, it's like he's a fucking prophet.
He's a great sausage, Jay.
Yeah. a messiah like every time he opens his mouth it's like he's a fucking prophet he's a great sausage yeah but but ultimately like you're like you can tell if you're liked as a coach is if your guys want to lay it on the line for you and and i feel like a lot of guys probably got the feeling
that he just you mentioned the word arrogance has that about him where it's just like guys just
didn't want to play for him anymore they didn't want to see him succeed they didn't want to lay it on the line now we're going to find out here
shortly what this team is actually made of because now they're going to be put in a situation where
they're not being barked at as much where there's not as much resentment and he's not you know maybe
doing these things that make you scratch your head like you know healthy scratch spezza to start off
the year which some are you some of you may or may not agree with, you know, you're,
you're just kind of putting the guys on their heels a lot where it's more of,
you know, are we going to get this done together or not?
And I just didn't get that sense from, from,
from him and the way he handles himself and where he thinks he is as far as a
head coach on the, on the world scale. So I don't know.
What's that?
Having said all this, no matter what you think of him if you didn't laugh at i'm gonna continue to bet on mike babcock because i've always been on
my back mike babcock mike babcock always wins or whatever the quote was that was funny yeah it was
funny like as in to play into his arrogance well yeah i mean he he know at that point talking in
the third person saying right that's what i'm saying he know at that point talking in the third person
saying right that's what i'm saying that's like that's like wwe-ish right there like you gotta
give a little credit that's what i'm saying and and and and the other critique i had of him he was
just fucking stubborn he's stubborn if it's if it's an idea that's not his it's like he wants
to go against it in order to prove you wrong where it's like hey man you're if you're gonna if
you're gonna fucking live like that it's gonna come back to bite you in the ass and i mean prime
example the other night they go down his last game as coach i think they go down three two i
hammered vegas hammered six and a half minutes left in the game and he's rolling his fourth line
it's like hey man fucking put your big boys out there if they get it done they get it done if
they don't they don't, they don't.
Stop overthinking it, bud.
And he clearly must have been caught off guard biz
because that's not a guy who's coaching for his job right there.
You know what I mean?
Like you say, he's being stubborn.
It's like, man, your job's on the line right now,
and you don't even realize that, it seems.
And, R.A., that's a great point.
And do I think it was a little quick?
I personally thought it was because I think considering how hard he's worked
and how long he's been around and the things that he has accomplished,
I thought they would give him another five, six games
in order to try to turn things around.
They just lost one of their top guys.
Let's see if they can figure things out and maybe things will shift
and they'll start finding their rhythm, kind of like Dallas did did right like dallas looked like dog shit off the start well now they're eight
one and one on their last ten and they're fucking rolling and and you're looking at a very similar
situation where they just got to give their stars a kick in the ass and and their role players
because they just break even have either one of you guys been on a team when the coach was fired
yeah well i was i was in the pitt the Pittsburgh organization when Bilesma went up.
Because I'm wondering if you're on a team.
Like you said, Whit, they basically, for lack of a better word,
quit on the coach.
The players kind of talk about that in private, or is it just like,
fuck, man, everyone realizes no one else is motivated.
How does that work collectively?
I'm curious.
No one's going to say, oh, let's quit on the coach.
But obviously, guys are quitting on the coach. So I wonder what transpires in a locker room as that's going on well it's
funny that you asked that me and wit you you were no you were still in the organization at the time
Terry got fired correct yeah I played one game for Bilesma okay so when it's funny that you bring
that up all right because I see this as a very very similar situation to that where I know Biles eventually ran his course,
and I think maybe the cup went to his head a little bit.
He changed a little bit, but he came in.
He implemented his systems.
He was fairly happy-go-lucky where it's like, hey, boys,
at this point, we're playing with the house's money.
They fired the coach.
If we don't end up making playoffs or we lose out in the in the first round it's like we're gonna hit the reset button
here in the offseason anyway and he said let's fucking let's have some fun here let's go on a
little run let's play a little looser right so i have a feeling that this guy coming up is going
to make things a lot more pleasant to be around the rink and i'm not i hate fucking giving hot
takes but i'm telling you i think this adversity for this organization right now
is not necessarily a bad thing.
And I think they have some pieces.
Yeah, do a few guys need to pick it up?
Yeah, some guys are really struggling.
And my fucking boy Tyson Berry, it's hard to watch a close friend like that
struggle because I don't even want to message him, right?
And there's nothing he wants to do more than help help that hockey team and toronto is a very different
beast he's never dealt with that before that's fucking heavy man and he's the year he's coming
off of that always screws you when you had the big year and then you're coming it's it's it's
it's that's what they expect right so i i think i think that this is a good thing. And remember, at this point, if they don't make playoffs,
I think you guys essentially call this season a wash.
But I think they probably did it at the perfect time.
Although I said I would have gave Babcock a few more weeks,
I think it's a good thing, guys.
I think things are going to be all right in Toronto.
Yeah.
I think the guy  without being right in the scene,
I'm guessing guys are pretty fired up.
There's a lot of players there that are pretty fired up
to play for a different voice, I'll say, behind the bench.
And it's the old merry-go-round of hard-ass, you know,
Babcock-ish where he could be a prick to players.
Coach, I'm not saying Sheldon Kennedy is that,
but he's definitely not going to be as rude and arrogant at times as Babcock
was.
And Babcock,
I mean,
you can't.
So,
so,
so,
so the,
the,
the haters and people who like really don't like him will say like,
well,
he coached Detroit fucking RA could coach Detroit to a cup,
a cup,
a cup with that team.
I don't disagree with that.
Grinnelli's fucking shoe could coach that team.
Or he'd coach Team Canada Olympic team.
Like, Biz's kill last Saturday could coach Team Canada's Olympic team.
But success is success.
So no matter who you're doing it with or, I mean,
Bill Belichick coaches great players.
I mean, I'm not saying that anyone compares those two,
but at some point, even when the team's stacked,
you got to give the coach credit. That's just how it works.
Everyone gets credit when you win titles. Right.
So he, he, he will basically have a job whenever he wants one.
It's the same thing as Quenville getting fired.
Babcock can go wherever he wants, but he's making,
he's still making nice bank, even though it's,
it's not the full 7 million or whatever it is per year
the next couple of years.
I mean, he's in no rush to do anything.
And the point I was making, and I completely agree with you
because he has accomplished a lot, is I don't think
I think this should be a wake-up call in the sense of he shouldn't be
walking around with that same type of arrogance considering his failure
in Toronto and his failure over the last little while.
Because, Bud, he hasn't done anything special.
He's had some pretty good teams.
Well, he said in his quote, he said,
yeah, you know, we did some special things here,
a couple hundred-point seasons.
I think we broke a record or something.
He mentioned something that apparently,
did they have their highest point total ever?
Yeah, they hit in the hundreds.
Okay, well, fucking now you get the point in the shootout.
I mean, when you're talking about points record,
it's a little different.
But, yeah, Biz, we've probably said enough about this,
but I'm very interested to see what goes on.
I think they start winning.
They're in the middle of a hard road trip, dude.
They're going to see your boys.
Yeah.
Well, I woke up this morning, and i could sense there was a disturbance in the forest
and i felt it i was it was a little off around here and sure shit ends up happening and we did
ramble on a little bit and and like i said i'm not i don't want to dance on the guy's fucking
grave so to speak but uh you know i think that, I think this should definitely be a lesson to him
and maybe how he handles some of his business.
Maybe it won't, though.
It's tough.
Older guys are stubborn.
Yeah, but it was kind of a failure.
And unlike fucking Belichick, I mean, Belichick's been out of the first round
since 2009.
Fucking Babcock hasn't.
The last time he was out of the first round,
I got past the first round was when he won the cup 10 years ago.
And just to piggyback on your point about bringing in the minor league coach,
Bruce Cassidy is probably a great example of that.
The Bruins had him in the minors.
He came on, and that was a great change for that team.
So I wouldn't be surprised if it does happen in Toronto.
Last thing, I was reading through Babcock's quote.
He mentions one player, Morgan Riley.
Like, there's no chance he ain't catching a little heat from the boys.
Hey, Bob, he still mentioned you.
He must have loved him. But
nonetheless, good luck to the Leafs moving
forward. Yeah, Biz, I looked at the
when I was going for my pick for the corner, I says,
oh, Toronto, I used to do this all the time when a team
fight a coach, I would always bet them next game
I would figure the boys would fight it up. But
I noticed the stat fell way off the last couple
of years. It didn't cash in as much. So I looked at it
and I was like, man,
Coyotes are coming off back-to-back shutouts with two different goalies.
I don't see how you bet against that team right now.
We're going to obviously talk a little more gambling later,
but I laid off.
I'm going to see how if Toronto loses the next game,
then you fucking load up on the game after that.
Yeah.
It sucks because they get the shift in momentum,
some sort of shift in momentum.
You don't know who to start and goal.
Like, they both get shutouts.
Who do you start?
Well, Darcy Kemper is going back.
So, all right.
Well, yeah, because they're just trying to get these guys rest.
November's been a heavy month for the Coyotes.
A lot of travel.
I think they have 15 games in the month of November.
Buddy, we got two number ones.
It's nice.
It's fucking nice, man. these guys get to stay fresh all
season long and when you have a fresh goalie baby that's when you get to make the runs baby there
you go uh well monday in dc washington's gone at hathaway he got suckered by anaheim's eric
goodbranson as a ref was kind of separating them uh hathaway responded by spitting edgar branson
uh at the time he was given a match penalty goodbranson got two for roughing an attempt
at misconduct well on, on Wednesday, the
league weighed in, and they suspended the
capital for three games. Boys,
I'm a little surprised it was that much.
I know Colin Campbell said he would consider all the
factors. The fact, basically, he got punched while
the ref was kind of holding his arms.
But three games, way more than
I thought. Biz, let's go to you first.
Ah, man. I don't know.
I wouldn't argue anything here.
I just think spitting is, ooh, that's a tough one.
He's going to have that attached to his name
until the minute he retires.
It sucks.
It sucks.
And, you know, it's one of those things where the wires cross
and you just do it and you're probably like, oh, no.
The camera's everywhere now.
You ain't missing that.
So I'm okay with three games already.
I think spitting is the most disrespectful thing you can do to someone.
And let me clarify.
I'm not defending the spitting.
Let me just clarify.
I'm just fucking  I was just surprised he got three games for it.
I mean, yeah, it's obviously gross and disrespectful
and you're just frustrated because you can't do anything else.
And it's almost like your fucking  your whole body's just shooting out at him.
But I'm not the friend of the spit.
And I just,
you know,
my Sean got nothing for licking a guy.
I could see where people wanted less games because it was a reaction to the
sucker,
the sucker jab.
I don't know.
It's just when,
you know,
when you hear spitting and when they said three games,
I didn't even bat an eye.
I'm like,
eh,
he spit at someone.
Yeah.
That's pretty disgusting.
Real scumbag move. But I, he hawked in my burger well he then ironically enough he's skating off
and he gave a nice big fucking honker right right in the middle of the ice too like skating off
adjusting his elbow pads but um right i i thought oh that's just what a dirtbag move that's
disgusting but then i started laughing because good buddy of mine, I won't name names, but in high school, this savage,
he has claimed to have spit. And when you go to prep school, I don't know about public school,
when you go to prep school, you got to play a sport every semester, right? You got to do
something every semester. Falls football, winter's hockey, spring's baseball. If you don't play a sport, you got to go do something semester falls football winters hockey springs baseball
if you don't play a sport you got to go do something in the gym this kid's an athlete
though he played sports everywhere he's spitting someone's face in all three sports he buried
someone in a pile in football right between the mask boom baseball he hit a pop fly this this
thing is a moonshot as he's rounded first in the first base and staring up at the ball.
He hawked one in his face.
Oh, my God.
And then hockey, I don't remember.
I won't mention him.
Oh, God, that is so gutless.
No one could have done shit to this kid either.
He would have eaten anyone who came at him.
Oh, God.
I feel bad for laughing.
The first baseman trying to catch up in the nose so nobody even took a poke at him in any of those circumstances no one
did shit to it but it could be a black belt ufc fighter whatever the fuck if he spits my face
yeah you have to go i going to get knocked out,
but I'm going down swinging.
I don't know if nobody did anything, but I know that he never had to let me go fist with anyone.
If a UFC guy spit in your face, are you throwing hands?
Get your arms snapped.
I got golf.
It's like, am I going to literally die on this hill?
No, you're like, can you give me a napkin, please? Yeah. I got golf. It's like, am I going to literally die on this hill? Yeah.
No, you're like, can you just give me a napkin, please?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I mean, if you disrespect your girl or something, one of those things,
then you got to stand up.
I don't know.
I'll probably just call a buddy and get a piece dropped off or something.
In that case, I ain't taking a fucking lick in that bad.
Yeah.
But spit in the face, dude.
It's like, oof.
And if he knows he can bully and get away with it,
never mind three years Super League.
That's like six years Super League type of bullying.
But Branson's going him next time they play each other, right, Biz?
Oh, for sure, for sure.
Because he's a big boy.
I was sorry.
I was living in my head for it.
Yeah, that's going to be fireworks for sure.
Hey, if I was playing in the next game,
I would beg the league not to suspend him.
That's all I'd want.
I just want my redemption.
Yeah, let me fight him.
Yeah, let's settle it like the men.
Who cares?
Yeah.
I would have sued him.
I would have my lawyer call him.
I like Hathaway's quote right after the game,
the way he worded it.
He's like, unfortunately, spit came out of my mouth
after I got sucker punched.
And it went on to him.
It sounded like Ralph Wiggum.
He's like, spit come out of my mouth.
Oh, he didn't admit to it?
No, he didn't.
No, he admitted to it.
He just, like, kind of the way he worded it,
he was like, he was still pissed off.
He's like, unfortunately.
You got to put some, like, force behind a spit like that.
I remember driving, me andossi officer rossi
andrew were driving i remember right when i got my license on my spit he's like you spit unreal
he's like you got an unreal spit it's perfect just a lot of velocity on i said thanks a lot
it was a real man compliment to get so he can't be trying this is the second time you've pumped
your own tires about your spitting abilities jesus have a great spitter. What are you overcompensating for?
Small dick.
But you're a good spitter.
Dude, Marc-Andre Fleury
made what has to be the chalk right now
for save of the year. He made the diving
Superman save on Toronto's Nick Pitan.
Is that how you say it? Pitan.
I don't know if you noticed, but it looked like
he sunk the TV truck. Did you see the score?
It went from 3 to four real quick,
and then it went back.
It went off two to three.
It actually went to four, then it dialed it back.
There was also a great picture of our defenseman on Vegas, Nicholas Haggis.
His jaw literally dropped.
It looks like he saw a fucking car accident.
There's a good picture of his face there.
Totally jaw dropped.
It was our flurry 450th win, just the seventh goalie to win that many.
We've talked about him a bunch on the show.
Just an absolute beauty. Obviously, we've talked about it a bunch on the show, just an absolute beauty,
but I mean, obviously you've seen saves like
that, but that's probably the best.
That went,
well, the best part about it was
I was watching it live, because we got back from the
event, and then I figured,
alright, well, I'm just going to end up watching this game
because I had put a lot of money on Vegas.
I went nuts. I was like,
holy shit.
And I didn't know right away if the shot was that hard
because if it was a muffin,
it would have maybe looked better than it actually was.
Well, no, he got a lot of speed on that.
And he just dove over.
And the best part was he was laughing biz after.
He was like getting up, like, you know, the whistlebone.
He's smiling through his mask like he always is.
Like you see him after any huge save.
And there are a couple pictures.
I think the Leafs player, unless this is the guy you're talking about,
behind the net, the guy that was just like in shock as it happened.
Yeah.
Was that a Leafs player or a Golden Knights player?
The one I saw was the Golden Knights player, Nicholas Haag, the defenseman.
Save of the year, though.
Easy right now.
And just, I don't know, for it to be late on the East Coast,
and I had stayed up watching, I was like, that was pretty cool.
I didn't have to see it on Twitter when I woke up and my body hurt.
Also, Monday was a big night in the Hockey Hall of Fame enshrinement.
Biz, I know it was a big deal in Canada.
Haley Wickenheiser went in just the seventh woman
to become a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame.
I don't know if you heard her speech at all, Whit.
Remember we were talking about a couple of the shitheads up in Toronto media
were giving Jerry York a hard time because he showed up Sunday instead of
going to, like, the stuff on Saturday.
In her speech, she said that Jerry York was, quote,
the kind of coach I would want because of how he stayed behind to coach his
team and then showed up Sunday.
I don't know if it was a shot at those guys,
but it was nice that she kind of pointed it out.
But, Biz, talk about what she meant to Canada, brother.
Oh, she's, I mean, she's Canadian royalty.
I know I might use that term a little.
I mean, I said that about Ron McLean.
I mean, you know, she's the Wayne Gretzky of women's hockey,
for Canadians at least.
I mean, who would you say is the biggest female figure
in the United States hockey?
Granato?
Yeah, Cammy Granato. And then I think Hillary Knight's coming up, right? the biggest female figure in the united states hockey granado yeah cammy granado and then i
think like hillary knight's like coming up right i mean she played she played men's hockey in
sweden she just she's she's done it all and uh she had she killed the speech apparently apparently
it was one of the better ones and and just i mean just goes to show her character for defending uh
york so that's uh that's cool man she's uh she's the best we should
try to get her on this podcast yes absolutely great she's got a lot of stories there's that
one clip of her when apparently the story was false about the americans having the team canada's
flag on the floor yeah i think that was told to the canadians in order to fire them up fire them
up and it's still a great clip though oh She was fuming, and she was like,
yeah, maybe we'll sign it for you.
That was some serious national pride after that.
Oh, big time.
So, yeah, shout out to Wickenheiser.
Some of the highlights they showed,
like just coming down the off wing,
just barred down early on.
I mean, women's hockey is so big now,
and she was for sure one of the main reasons it's grown as much as it has.
Yeah, a pioneer.
Which is crazy to think.
You know, she's not only the best player ever, she's a true builder of the sport.
She made actually an incredibly nice move during her speech, too.
One of the other enshrinees, Vclav Nedermansky, I talked about him before.
He was the very first guy to defect from the communist countries.
Well, he needed a mulligan on his speech.
She actually stopped her speech so he can come up because he forgot to thank his wife and his family.
So she actually stopped her speech so he can come up.
They say thank you to his wife.
And he said, sorry, but your daddy is dumb to his kids.
It was something different.
It added a little levity.
And his son tweeted at Haley, say, hey, congratulations on your induction and also for saving my father's marriage I love how he probably finished his speech couple high
fives getting off the stage and he sits down next to his wife like what'd you think and she's just
giving him this stink eye like you didn't even mention us he's like oh shit bombs back up there
interrupts her that was funny though yeah it was very funny it's it's weird because you just hope
that the like how lucky are
you when you get a year when there's a hall of famer going in that's also a great public speaker
i mean it's not easy for a lot of these people to do that they don't usually do shit like this
so i think sometimes people expect speeches that aren't you can't necessarily expect them to be
awesome when a lot of these people have have just been amazing hockey players it's not like they've
been out in the public often in their lives.
Speaking of the Hockey Hall of Fame, gentlemen,
Marion Hossa is going to be eligible for induction next year,
even though he's technically not retired.
But like Chris Bronker a few years ago,
it's understood that he's never going to play again,
and they're not going to make him wait until his deal is off the books
before he can go in.
So instead of having to wait until 2024,
I would think Hossa should be a first ballot Hall of Famer,
but either way, he'll be eligible next year.
It's just a nice little thing they're doing,
and understanding there's no need to fucking punish a guy.
Also, Tuesday in St. Louis, Tampa Bay was in town,
and it was Pat Maroon's first game back since he signed with the Lightning.
And teams typically give the rings to the departed players behind the scenes,
but GM Doug Armstrong wanted to recognize what Patty meant to St. Louis
and to his teammates there,
so he did a pregame ceremony on the ice to give him his ring
and let the fans salute him.
I thought it was a great gesture by the GM and the team.
Biz, you were pretty excited about that, right?
Oh, I thought that was very cool.
I think Doug Armstrong has to call the league
and ask for special permission to do that
because you can't just throw ceremonies whenever.
And it was cool that they agreed to it. I believe
when things like that happen
they should be celebrated as long as possible.
Unfortunately he didn't get a contract
with the Blues. Moved on
and he gets one last final
send off from the home crowd. So very
special. Another special
night before I kick it over to
Binnington. There was
an incident. I think it was last year after playoffs.
It might have been at the start of the year this year.
But he was getting on like an on-ramp, and it goes down to one lane,
and Binnington said he stretched it out all the way and kind of cut in.
And the guy behind him didn't honk, and he noticed that the guy in front of him
kept looking in his rearview mirror, and it really slows down there. So the guy put it in park and got out and binnington's like oh no
this guy's gonna fuck me up for like swooping in he must be pissed about something and he and he
the guy kind of lost his mind being like yo you're that guy you're that guy the guy's not even a
hockey fan his his uh wife or girlfriend is and she's, she's always got you on the TV, man,
like always on the phone.
And then he like was, it was like not FaceTiming,
but I think he was Snapchatting it and like got the video
and Bennington thought it was a hilarious situation,
was hoping that it got sent to him via social media and it did.
So he got to link up with the guy.
The boyfriend had never been to a hockey game.
So Bennington got him and the girl tickets,
and they went to the game last night.
They got to meet him, and a cool experience
considering the pregame festivities with Maroon coming home.
So I thought it was a cool situation.
Bennington's just such a down-to-earth guy.
I thought it was such a Bennington story.
And seeing Patty give Doug Armstrong a hug,
it's not too often you see players give gm
hugs that was a a pretty cool scene though not needless to say i'm having fucking tongue problems
tonight uh boys we got a little criticized for not talking about them lately but stay hot aisles
team has gone 15 straight games with all the point 14-0-1 to tie the franchise record
they can break it uh tonight in brooklyn versus the penguins go ahead biz well i was gonna
say so so last last episode i think it was i was stroking them off finally giving the credit they
deserve and then whitney brings up a decent point that you know maybe they're not not the most
exciting team to watch well fucking damn if we do damned if we don't they end up going down four two to the penguins tie it
up end up winning at no t in after the three nothing dude we're gonna be right next to lisa
and getting uh lex steel bending us over in the bbd black.com special if if the islanders keep
fisting us like this this is out of control control. Right when the game ended, I got a text from
Kevin Conley. He's like, are you telling
me this team isn't exciting?
Look at this team. I was like, I got nothing for you
right now. The Isles make me look stupid.
All I lean on now is they're not going to win the
Cup. It's insane.
I'm telling you.
They might get points in 23 straight.
They're not going to win the Cup.
But the top
three story in the league right now,
top three story of the year so far.
It's a crazy stat.
Is that not correct?
Is that not correct?
Do you not think that what they've done is that shocking?
Dude,
they've gotten points in 15 games in a row.
Everyone thought they might sink.
I think as,
as I just mentioned,
we finally gave them the credit that they deserved.
You,
you kind of rained on their parade a little bit with one little tidbit
in which you did kind of make a little bit of sense.
And then since then, they've been nothing but exciting.
So what are we going to say now?
What are we going to  now we're going to say,
oh, but they can't sell out their building,
and then they're going to sell out their building.
So, I mean, what are we going to use?
This is a crazy stat.
They're the first team in NHL history to win back-to-back games
after trailing by multiple goals in the last seven minutes
of the third period in each game.
Really?
So they were down two goals from below with less than seven minutes left
and came back twice back-to-back.
I would have guessed that definitely would have happened.
That's exciting hockey.
Yeah, and here's the other thing.
They actually have more game-tying goals with the goalie pulled
than empty net goals allowed.
They've scored two goals, tying goals with the goalie pulled,
and they've only given up one empty netter.
They're no friend of puck line Jesus, I'll tell you that.
All right, good start to the second half of this episode, buddy.
You know what?
You had a bad first period.
Now you're buzzing.
You got a little pee-pee whack in between periods.
You come out, nice assist in the first shift, monkey off the back.
Thanks, buddy.
And I'll have to look up the list and his name,
who clued us in to the goalie coach in the island, Mitch Korn.
He's been with Barry Trotz since 1998.
He's a bit of a goalie whisperer, as you said, Biz.
He's not a big spotlight guy, but he's been in the league for 29 years.
He started in Buffalo where he helped Hashek win two mvp trophies how about this because nine of his goalies have gotten vesna nominations and
five of them have won and he's the only coach in nhl history to coach a goalie to a vesna with two
different teams and who have earned three jennings trophies with three different teams so i don't
know how we haven't heard of this guy man this is like an un likeie success. I've heard of him.
Well, most people haven't, though.
Fair enough.
And listen, there's so much stuff we don't know about hockey.
I mean, we do know some stuff.
We had a fan, I don't know if you have their Twitter handle,
who ended up mentioning that to us.
That's a nice little tidbit.
If you guys ever catch shit like that, help us out. Then we get to spread it.
And I had no idea who this goalie coach was.
I didn't even know that was a thing.
And that's an incredible run.
And, man, maybe we should try to get this guy on the podcast
and pick his brain a little bit.
Yeah, he's definitely got something, some sort of talent with goalies.
And, hey, Islanders fans, I know Brooklyn can be a hike for you.
And, you know, there's got to be some cheap tickets available.
And they're even cheaper if you use SeatGeek.
Everybody knows buying tickets can be complicated and confusing,
but there is a simple way to buy with SeatGeek.
SeatGeek is the smartest, easiest way to get tickets to every type of live event,
whether you're catching your first musician on tour,
shopping for the perfect gift,
or searching for a last-minute deal to see your favorite NHL team.
SeatGeek helps you find the best seats at the best prices, fully guaranteed.
Nothing beats being there in person for the biggest plays of the year,
and SeatGeek will get you closer to the action for great value.
Islanders fans, I have the SeatGeek app on my phone.
I've had it for ages, and it's by far the easiest way to shop for tickets.
You can be anywhere, a couple taps, boom, you find your perfect seats.
You want to be a tightwad, they'll find you cheap seats.
You want to spend a lot of money on the lady, they'll hook you up there as well.
You get the most bang for your buck on SeatGeek,
and you can shop with full confidence because everything is guaranteed.
So make SeatGeek your go-to app for finding the best deals on every type of ticket, from sports and concerts to comedy and theater.
Best of all, our listeners get 10 off their first SeatGeek purchase.
Just download the SeatGeek app and enter the promo code Hockey today.
That's promo code Hockey for 10 off your first SeatGeek purchase.
SeatGeek, right seat, right now, right from your phone.
Jump on that island.
It's 5 to get in the game.
That's pretty cheap.
What's up, Biz?
You said the promo code was hockey?
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh, I thought you said hockey today.
That's what I heard the first time.
I was just trying to clarify for our listeners.
Yep, promo code H-O-C-K-E-Y, promo code hockey.
So get on that stuff. Thanks for
spelling it because I didn't. That would have been tough off the hop there. Yeah. A lot of C's and
K's in there just fucking me up. H-O-O-K-E-R. Wait, what? No. Oh, shit. I did it all for the
hooky. Or nookie. Never mind. Nookie. We got another little update that came in late. Big
buff. Last week, checked in with him. He had surgery.
He's technically suspended by the Jets right now.
Well, the NHL Players Association, on his behalf,
filed a grievance against the NHL challenging his suspension.
It seemed like it was kind of a routine thing at first, but ever since he got the surgery, now things are kind of up in the air.
They don't know what's going to happen with this.
How do you think it's going to play out here, Witt?
I mean, basically, it looked like a routine roster thing,
but now it could be a legit beef here.
Well, once you heard that he was still out from surgery
that he had after last season or whenever he had it,
it came from a hockey injury.
So immediately I was like, well, the thing is that all
I'm assuming, I don't know behind the scenes what actually went on,
but if you show up to camp and then you're cleared, you know,
unable to play, like I'm, I think at that time you'd get paid for your,
your, you know, your injury. It was work related. It happened in hockey,
but by not going, I thought he didn't care or,
but then it comes out that he had to get the surgery.
And if that's from when he was playing for the jets,
he should be making money right now
he should be getting paid his salary um yeah no i i agree with that i guess maybe their argument
argument would be why didn't you tell us about it and get it fixed after the season as opposed
to waiting till now to do it and then all of a sudden not showing up to training camp and then
he's expecting it paid
his salary it's just a weird way that he handled it i could see where but maybe if he's thinking
i want to try to rehab it i don't want to get surgery i want to try to rehab for a couple
months and right that well that's what i'm saying is there's there's there's side stuff to this
both sides know that we don't so it's really hard to make a prediction on it what i'm saying is i'm not
just saying they're being assholes they may actually have a point and maybe they're not
trying to throw him in the under the bus publicly in order to fight it like they don't want to just
drag his name through the mud what do you what maybe maybe he is being unreasonable or maybe
they are we don't know yet there's there's shit that's going to come out that we're going to find
out about then we can comment on it yeah and wednesday what was the last day to file so you
don't know if the union might have done it just to protect his rights like they might not you know
in other words pursue the whole thing but if they didn't file this then they couldn't ever do it so
they had to do it by today just to have it on the books and yeah the same columnist question well
you know if he was hurt all along why didn't he just come to camp like what said get tested and
then they'll see he's hurt but uh so who knows exactly like you said business these type of things a lot
of stuff goes on behind the scenes that we're not privy to and i suspect that's what's going on here
and wit and not saying this is the case but you know one of the ongoing jokes is sometimes buff
just likes to have a good time in the summer and not really focus on training where it's
was he really rehabbing was he really doing what he needed to do in order to help that leg recover from that hockey injury?
Well, you can't just drag it out
and then expect to be on the team's dime.
That's the point I'm making.
I'm not saying that's the case.
I'm saying that could be an option.
I wonder if it's even,
if we'll ever even find out publicly
what ended up happening with it.
It could easily end up a settlement or whatever.
I don't know.
I don't think it's a surprise at this up a settlement or whatever. I don't know. Sure.
I don't think it's a surprise at this point where he's challenging
I should be getting paid.
I think right when you heard the news of what happened,
that was kind of thrown out there immediately.
Yeah.
Something tells me Big Buff doesn't give all that fuck much about the money
at this stage of the game.
Just based on what we heard on him.
Hey, boys, I don't even think we mentioned our guest yet.
We've got two for the price of one today.
We've got former Chicago and Carolina netminder Scott Darling.
We talked to him a few weeks back.
He's an interesting fellow, man.
He's a worldly guy.
He likes to travel.
He's a very open-minded individual.
He was a different guy to talk to.
We're going to bring him on shortly.
And then a little later, we've got a real old-school character from back in the day,
Eddie Shaq.
He played 50s, 60s, 70s.
He played back when you had to be a fucking warrior.
Six teams in the league.
He had to work two, three jobs in the offseason just to keep things rolling.
So we had a pretty funny chat with him.
We're going to bring that to you a little bit later.
Biz, he was a fucking character though, huh, Eddie?
Yeah.
Guys, keep in mind, this guy's a little bit older.
And when I'm his age, I'll probably be pooing in my diaper.
Okay?
This guy's still moving and shaking a little bit.
So he's fucking looking good for his age so
bear with like bear with him if you don't like the old school style hey we're putting it at the end
we hope most of you do enjoy it though i liked it i thought he was awesome yeah he's giving a little
flavor what things are like way back in the day so we'll be getting to scotty in a little bit
uh hey we want to send congratulations out to Minnesota's head equipment trainer, Tony DaCosta. He worked his 2000th NHL regular season game on Tuesday night.
It was his 1458th with Minnesota.
You know, we've talked about these guys before.
These guys are really kind of the grease and the gears of the NHL.
Without these guys, the league just doesn't run.
Did you ever get close to any of these guys on your team,
any of the trainers, equipment guys?
I know some of the guys get pretty chummy with them.
I had great guys everywhere
I went. Mark Dumas was the first
one in Wilkes-Barre. He ended up
with the Bruins for a little bit.
Slugger in Anaheim.
I had
the best... Dana
Hindsey, the best stories about him in Pittsburgh.
This guy would put up
115 signs in your locker room on the road
because he wanted it to feel as realistic as it could.
But all the assistants, I couldn't even name enough of these guys.
So I just think that when they get brought up and they get mentioned,
it is right already.
They deserve it more than anyone.
And just the nights we've said before of when you land and you go to sleep and it's two thirds, you're exhausted and they're just beginning
their night. And you hear stories about guys, uh, putting a couple of beers in a surprise bag,
and then you'd open those on unpacking them. You'd have a couple of beers doing it because
at that point it's four 35 in the morning. A lot of those guys sleep at the rink, but
all those people that were, that were ever involved in my career i hope uh i hope they
know and i i hope i i made it clear how much i appreciated them because i think most players
are really good about telling those guys thank you so much because without you we're not we're
not doing shit i don't know how the fuck are we going to sharpen our skate biz how are we going
to put a radius on our wheels you don't know how those guys those they're the lifeline who's gonna get my shovels
taped up huh um no Langer and Edmonton Harry and Edmonton these guys are the balls I would I would
assume that any guy who's ever been my one of my trainers if they saw me out in public they would
come over and say hi because that's how much like I I interacted with them I was a bit of a rink rat
I would I would go in and be like, hey, how are the wife and kids?
Like, what's going on, man?
Are you getting laid?
Like, how  you know, some of these guys were single.
So I was like  I was picking their brain.
Like, hey, you've been getting it wet.
And they're like, nah, man, we're fucking, you know, late nights.
We've been on the road quite a bit here.
And you're like, ah, fuck, you know.
This is like, send me your address.
I'll send you something.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You got to call Pearl over.
Anyway, I love the fucking trainers.
I always fucking took care of them and uh
yeah they're they they make it all run behind the scenes folks they know a lot of secrets too
yeah keep their fucking lips shut i also in that game jack eichel uh looked like the frustration
of november might have gotten to him a little bit uh he took what looked like a routine hit
from joel erickson e, and then he went after him.
He dropped the gloves.
Eriksson-Eck never even got his gloves off.
Eichel was given a double minor, but, you know,
I don't know if you caught it or not.
It's just like Buffalo.
They didn't even need Grinelli to whammy them this time around.
They're struggling lately.
It looked like a case of a captain just kind of losing his shit on a guy who wasn't expecting it.
I put money on Buffalo that game against the Wild, too,
because I've dogged the wild so much.
I thought the saves would get it going.
He's pissed.
He's pissed off.
You don't blame him.
I think you'd love seeing that as a fan.
I mean,
it's a guy who's,
who's upset with the situation and figures if he's not going to be
scoring,
which he has been,
but try anything to get your team going as the captain and fuck it.
If you're pissed off at a guy,
you go try to fight him.
Yeah. Even Zach Parise said after the game, I, you know, like I get it. Like, you know, when you're fucking your team going as the captain. And fuck it, if you're pissed off at a guy, you go try to fight him. Yeah, even Zach Parise said after the game, you know, like I get it.
Like, you know, when your team's struggling, you try to get them going.
Yeah, players understand that. Players understand that for sure.
Don't take it personal.
My comment on it would be that's probably a guy who last year's team
got off to a hot start and then all of a sudden around this time
started shitting the bed.
And next thing you know, I mean, they were a bit of a laughingstock this time started shitting the bed and next thing you know i mean
they were a bit of a laughingstock the second half of the season so fucking he's trying to say
hey boys let's fucking go not happening again not again not yeah and and and there's some new school
thinking where people think like oh do you think one fight's gonna do that you fucking idiot head
you know like these people who are like idiot who are what would it be an insult that they would say i don't know i'm trying to play a character
idiot head's perfect for the person you're playing i loved it okay all right perfect all right
then the oscar does too but but that something like that just you know shows you that's how
much he cares where he's gonna do something maybe out of character that he normally wouldn't in order to prove to you that,
you know, let's fucking go, fire you up.
And I hope it worked because that fan base deserves a playoff.
Ooh, baby, I'd love to see that building playoff time
because they're fucking nuts, man.
Dude, no one loves hockey more than Buffalo.
Actually, a couple of guys from Buffalo came to the watch party the other night.
It's weird.
There were some guys from Minnesota there, some guys from Buffalo there. It was
kind of good to have some. The Buffalo guy was the one I
smothered in the math thing.
Oh, was it? There was a couple guys from Buffalo.
Well, this clown, he's
a good kid, actually. I liked him. I liked
all those guys, but he comes up and he's
talking about people giving me
picks, and he's like, the Phoenix Suns
though, bro. The Phoenix Suns. Obviously,
I bet them. Obviously, obviously they lose but it's not
even about that love you betting fucking
total straight even about that because this
time it's about by the way
I've said it before I said it last night
it's all about if it hits
and I don't have it that's why I'm willing
to lose over knowing I had it when I said
it last episode but this kid's like
hey do you think always gonna break
the record Mike dude like dude i think
he might i really do like it's starting to get realistic it's still it's like six years of 40
goals or whatever i'm kind of just like thinking and out loud uh he's like dude no no no it's only
100 he's like 120 goals away he's 120 away i'm like buddy what are you talking about and he
had already given me the pick where he sounded so smart i go i just said six years 40 goals a year
that's the rough estimate it's like 240 he's like oh yeah you're right he goes fuck you are good at
math i was like dude i thought you were smart like after talking about the other stuff and the sons
and you just gave me half of the number
that he's actually away.
So the kid just right away knew he wasn't a math guy.
I don't think Buffalo's a math city.
But I told him.
I said, my ideal situation.
Now you're on the hit list.
Grinnell's on the hit list.
Now you're on the hit list.
No, I said, this will get me out of the hit list because I told him.
I said, I actually would love if Buffalo makes the Eastern Conference
finals or the finals and we go do a live show there and the golf there.
I will hit up Buffalo.
We are just deep.
And I'll give math lessons to the people there.
My tongue is touching the balls of the Sabres.
That's how much we're deep-throating them right now.
No, but every
Mascara's dripping.
It's ironic.
Every playoffs, they're like not only top five, top three
in watching fucking the Stanley Cup playoffs,
and they haven't had a team there in ages.
So shout-out Buffalo for watching the game.
Boys, I think it's time to send it over to Scott Donovan right about now.
Give us a little fifth in the giggles.
Hey, he just got a job in Austria.
Oh, shit, Biz.
I was going to save it for after.
Well, then save it.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
A little teaser. We'll fill you in after the interview. Now let's send it going to save it for after. Well, then save it. All right. Oh, yeah. A little teaser.
We'll fill you in after the interview.
Now let's send it over to Scotty Dowling.
Now we'd like to welcome back to the show a guy who had a hell of a run in this town, Chicago.
He was also the first Southern Professional Hockey League alumni to play in the show.
Props to that.
The first Chicago area native to win the cup with the Hawks.
Then he went down to play down in tobacco country for a little bit.
Scott Dallin, how's it going, brother?
What have you been up to lately?
It's going good, man.
Thanks for having me.
Great to see the boys.
Yeah, always a pleasure.
Right now, just enjoying Chicago.
It's been great to be home, getting settled in.
Yeah, that and looking for a job in Europe right now.
I was going to say, any prospects or anything?
What's that situation?
Yeah, I'm trying to go overseas it's been interesting there's been a lot of
talking and thinking i'm going somewhere and then just like they just pull out so
uh so i've like packed my bags ready to move to about four different cities over there and
it's just like oh no it's not gonna work we can't get you on a roster import issue whatever so yeah
right now i'm just training here waiting just wait for the phone to ring it's the biggest i don't
even know if people know we've never really talked about it but when you're trying to go over to
europe especially after playing here for a while like for me same exact thing and what happens is
everyone i don't know if you have you gotten a european agent yeah okay so these guys are like
they're all they're on their own.
It's not nearly as professional.
Not at all.
So you're dealing with guys who don't know how to like tell you exactly what's going to happen,
when it's going to happen, be honest and open with you.
I was talking to a guy.
He's like, yeah, you have a deal in Switzerland.
You'll be leaving in three days.
Same exact thing.
I was like, perfect.
That's where I want to go.
Two days later, he's like, actually, no, it fell through.
They changed their mind.
I'm like, buddy, what the fuck? Don't tell me just give me just yeah i know like it works different for you but
call me when i'm i have a flight yeah that's where i'm at now it's like we like packed up
to move to berlin and it's like i know i was like really excited about it and then like
anyway about russia anyway about russia well i mean we almost moved to moscow you know it's like and then now i'm just like dude call me when it's done i don't want any like interest i don't want to
think about going somewhere until it's a done deal so i'm waiting for that phone call emotionally
and like just like up top like is it hard to deal with or are you keeping it pretty even keel and
just training and standing a regimen oh when i didn't have a deal, I was sitting on my couch depressed.
It was affecting me that much because I was not in control of the situation.
Yeah, I don't know if it's like that for me.
I'm kind of enjoying being home, to be honest.
When I played here, I was so hockey-focused.
I didn't even enjoy the city or find nice restaurants and stuff like that.
But it's been nice to kind of be normal, go to Bears games.
You know, flew out for Monday Night Football last week.
I'm going to Foxborough this weekend.
Yeah, going Sunday.
So just like stuff like that that you never really had time to do.
So I'm just like doing that, skating every day during the week
and just kind of enjoying it.
And not to bring up the sauce bar, but you got bought out this summer.
So financially, you kind of, do you do you get paid on a regular basis?
I guess paychecks aren't a concern.
We're business talking about, like, shit, I don't have a job.
You aren't getting paid.
Yeah, that's a fair assessment.
Business living paycheck to paycheck.
I think that makes it pretty.
It's like flying in a Lepatsky, a little different.
I think it makes a difference because you're getting paid for the next four years.
You don't really have to worry about that.
So that's kind of comforting.
So you and I, it's just funny you reminded me too we're in the same exact situation
like i just mentioned about going over but i didn't leave till i think it was like november
5th or something right right around then and i i loved september october yeah i was like this is
amazing i was golfing every day i was doing the same type thing and i was like fuck i think
retirement would be pretty sick but i want to buy i want to go over i want to go over but it still is a cool time because it's the
first time i'm guessing in 10 years that you've actually enjoyed like the fall and just hanging
out yeah it is but i'm with you like i want to keep playing and all that but it is kind of nice
just to hang out look at auntie when the weather gets bad yeah i think what i've been told well
i've always wanted to go overseas.
It's always been the plan.
It just happened a little faster than I thought it would, which is fine.
But so I'm excited about it.
But I guess there's like a break at the end of October.
That's what I was going to ask.
There's like a two-week break for national teams.
And then I guess after that, teams start making moves.
So isn't that the case where usually before that first break
teams will make decisions on whether they're going to
cut some of their imports and that's usually
when after that first break there's another wave
of new guys coming in. And when is
exactly that break? I think it's the
last week of October, first
week of November. So I've been
skating with one of my old teammates, Terry
Broders. He played in Rockford last year.
Oh, what's he doing? We're in the same boat.
Dude, I remember he was at...
Would he have been at camp with the Blues?
Or was his brother at camp
with the Blues? Might have been Alex or Terry.
I'm not sure. I just remember watching Terry
Broadhurst play. It was in an exhibition game.
He was on the opposing team. And he was good.
He flies. He's really good.
He went overseas for a couple years. He came
back last year. He was married to have a kid playing's really good. And he went overseas for a couple years. He came back last year.
He was married to have a kid, playing Rockford.
And he's like, yeah, just wait for those two weeks,
and then everything starts popping off.
So if you could choose, would you say what city you'd love to play in or what league?
Sweden, Germany, KHL?
I mean, Swiss would be number one.
It's funny because I had a job there.
I was, like, getting ready to go, and then I broke my hand last month.
No.
So it, like, all fell through.
What happened?
On the ice, or are we not talking about this?
No, it's funny.
I contemplated not saying this.
My agent told me never to tell anybody, but my dog broke it.
I have a 150-pound Great D Dane and he's a puppy.
So he rips around
and I went to stop him
because like when he gets running
he like breaks,
he breaks,
he ran through our wall
not that long ago.
So I went to grab him
and I broke two bones in my palm.
Because he just ran right through you
like a bull.
Yeah.
He's a puppy
and they're already 150?
Yeah, he's like 14 months.
What will he be at the end?
I don't know.
He's probably not going to get taller.
Is that Beethoven?
No.
No, no.
Marmaduke.
They're sexier looking.
St. Bernard.
St. Bernard.
I was thinking St. Bernard.
I don't know if that one knows Beethoven.
He has no armadillos, though.
But yeah, that's what happened.
And I was like, you've got to be kidding me right now.
So you're going to go overseas with that dog?
Depends on what city where I end up.
I wouldn't bring the family to Moscow, but Germany or Switzerland probably.
He could bring the plane down if he's not running around down the bottom.
He's got to keep playing to pay for the dog food.
Seriously.
That's why he's got to keep playing.
That's the only reason I'm doing it.
He's my comfort dog.
He's going to sit next to me for the flight.
No, it's funny because I looked into it.
You can bring a mini horse on a plane, but I can't bring moose like up to like regular seats.
So I have to get
like a private
like dog charter for him.
Yeah, that's like,
I mean, I understand
the emotional anxiety
and all that,
but like, you know,
if you're bringing
one dog on the plane,
what about the 20 people
on the plane
who were like allergic
to the dog?
It's like now you're
upsetting 20 other people
for the comfort of the world.
No, I get it.
I think they should have,
I think they should have
like, and they probably
will soon like all animal flights
like people want their animals.
No, because, you know,
a lot of people are afraid of that.
I don't know where I sit.
Like when they were kids,
like that.
Yeah, I mean, it'd be great.
Like, I mean, I'd buy a row or something,
but it's like, I get it.
There's people with allergies or whatever,
but they have flights now
that have like different underneath
where it's like the same.
Little doggy spa down there.
Yeah.
So.
It's like, oh, I have my my comfort cobra where should i put him
well recently there was a person with like a hawk no no that was in the united arab emirates like
they have like that's like a they'll hunt the hawks that's like a big tradition part of the
culture over there okay yeah but it's like i mean i didn't see hawking on a plane i was a little
confused yeah it's like bro you got your own you already got your own wheels dude like what are
you doing here but no it's when they bring animals that like did just like a hawk get on a plane. I was a little confused. Yeah, it's like, bro, you already got your own wheels, dude. Like, what are you doing here?
But no,
it's when they bring animals
that like,
just like a turkey.
A turkey's dumb.
It's really not capable
of providing emotional support.
Like, and people
bring it on a plane.
Yeah, I just thought
it was funny that
you can bring a mini horse,
but Moose is too,
my dog's name Moose,
so he's too big,
but he's bigger
than a mini horse.
We should start a competition
to the podcast.
Who can bring
the most ridiculous thing on an airplane and get away with it?
You guys bring your weed on the flight here?
We didn't get arrested.
You bring your weed on the flight here?
You bring a pen.
Yeah, well, it's weird.
They used to knock here.
I mean, they used to care.
Now you can go right through with a pen, but I still try to have it waiting for me.
Just because you never know what dickhead TSA agent you might get.
I think it's James Bond that day.
Let's print up February 2015.
You get the call from Chicago.
You jump right in.
You're hot as a pistol.
Is that carryover confidence from how you were playing in the HL
or just because that 15 team was so goddamn stacked
that you just had to kind of show up and do your thing?
I don't know because I got called up full-time February.
Yeah, I don't know. I was just having a good good year and I had a really good year the year before. So I was kind of just like
riding high, obviously like shit in my pants to play for the Hawks. Um, but I had played like
seven games kind of throughout the months before that. And then, yeah, I was just like so happy to
be here. And I think I was like so, I didn't really get too nervous about that.
I just didn't even realize how big of a situation it was.
So it worked out pretty good.
Yeah, I'll say.
I mean, a local kid, too.
You weren't even thinking about that.
You just so locked in.
It's like, oh, wow, the whole area is watching the Hawks.
I'm from here.
Are you able to block that?
Because no goalie is all mental.
Yeah, I mean, the first game was kind of like that.
I think I was more stressed out about every paycheck I got.
I spent it all on tickets for my family and friends.
Okay, you're doing enough of this.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, you guys fucking work.
I broke even the first year.
The first year?
Yeah.
Oh, my God, that's a lot of tickets.
Yeah, well, plus playoffs, too.
They get pretty pricey.
Right now, is it hard finding proper training in order to stay in really good shape
because everybody's gone to where their teams are?
On the ice it is.
I'm lucky I got Terry and then another guy
who just retired from Sweden.
So it's him and Terry.
And then I have a goalie buddy who's looking for a team too.
So the four of us just skate. It's harder on ice to get like you want to get like game situation stuff
you only got two guys what's hard for goalies too is i remember like i skated with bu when i was
waiting and like as a goalie you can't take the two goalies shots away from the team it's not like
a goalie can just show up to like a ushl practice and their goalies aren't getting shots yeah and
also i mean it wouldn't be bad if you were like taking shots with the team in practice or do you as long as
they're good players but like for a goalie it's like almost detrimental to like take bad shots
muffins yeah you're just like yeah thank you and and like reading the releases and stuff like if
the guy doesn't know what he's doing it's like this is kind of a waste of time do you have uh
do you have a crazy goalie routine on a game day or is he is he pretty dialed in it's actually your fiancee's here yeah
i would like to ask her that question would she answer that yeah come on over here you could talk
into the mic first ever appearance by one of the guys girls yeah give this give but yeah i make her
listen all the time so give give like she business language when he wakes up what's the game day okay game day routine um well i would imagine um scott isn't too different than other players he
is a goalie so he has his quirks um usually starts with breakfast so usually he sleeps in
i'm an early bird so i let him sleep in i sneak out take care of the dog he sleeps in i usually
cook breakfast you cook for him oh yes and he
tells you exactly what he wants like three blueberries in the first pancake and then 17
chocolate chips in the second one he wishes not exactly but no i do um i love to cook so it's fine
um so usually cook breakfast and then he usually just plays the the dog, hangs out. And then the big one is the pregame nap.
Oh, yeah.
So the pregame nap is a really big deal.
So if there's family in from out of town staying with us,
usually I have to remove that situation from the house,
remove any distractions.
I take my car and take a shop and get out of the house.
But, no, that's a pretty common thing with the guys.
Like when we were in Worlds, all the girlfriends would leave around 1 or 2 in the afternoon.
We'd all be hanging out in the lobby.
All the guys taking a nap.
Guys taking a nap.
Oh, that's nice.
You get to stay with your wives during the World Championship.
They'll fly them over there?
Yeah, everybody gets to bring one person, but not the first two weeks.
So they all got to come two weeks in when the
tournament actually gets going yeah so they wanted us to like hang out and do our thing which makes
sense and then uh yeah it was 10 i think it was 10 days actually the first 10 days i've always
imagined me and my buddies used to say like if if if the roles were reversed and we were like the
you know the girls were napping for a game and then the guy the guys would just meet up and get wrecked all the time oh i always say that i'm like can i be awesome
oh babe no go on the road don't go on the road it's okay i got and then all the guys just hang
out when the girls are on the road at home no for real yeah where was it last year the world
championship denmark so that's a nice country it was cool cool, but no. So there was two cities.
It's two cities every year.
So Copenhagen was one.
And then we were in a town called Herning,
which was in the middle of nowhere.
There was like one street.
Good restaurants, at least?
A couple.
We had a great time.
I actually fell in love with it.
We were there so long.
But it was just funny because half the teams are in Copenhagen
and have the time of their life,
and we're just sitting in this a stinky hotel and hurting which i mean we all
know world championships is basically just a booze festival like it can be a party yeah it was pretty
much like that i think there was like six bars in the town and each country had like their bar
so we had like murphy's was like the usa bar and then germany had the one across the street and
like stuff like that so it was a good time.
I liked it there a lot.
Who was one guy that you met there that you ended up becoming buddies with that you were like,
this guy, I had no idea this guy was this cool?
A lot of guys, man.
Like Blake Coleman and I are close.
We went down to his wedding in Dallas recently.
How about that cool he got this year?
Oh, my God.
I chirped him.
I was like, you didn't mean to do that.
He sends me the clip of the last time he did it.
I was like, all right, you didn't mean to do that. I was like, you didn't mean to do that. He sends me the clip of the last time he did it. I was like, all right, you didn't mean to do that.
Okay, all right.
But yeah, like Goudreau, Larkin, like tons of,
we had a really great group.
And then Kaner was the captain.
So obviously I knew him and yeah, it was awesome.
Outside of the locker room, he seems very serious now,
just maybe with some things that have happened in the past.
He's really changed his off-ice demeanor and his image.
Is he a bit of a clown in the locker room?
Is he chirping guys, or is he just very similar
where he just kind of handles his business and then gets out of there?
Oh, he chirps, guys.
He just, like, it's kind of, he has, like, a dry sense of humor,
and he loves chirping, like,
but it's just you've got to kind of know him to get it.
But, yeah, he's hilarious.
But I know what you mean.
When you see him on TV now, he's very like Captain Sirius now.
Yeah, we had Kirby Doc, the number three draft pick that day.
He said he can't.
He just watched and he just goes, caner.
He's having a fist bump.
He calls himself caner.
I was like, come on now.
It was Showtime before.
Showtime. We had Duncan Keith now. It was Showtime before. Showtime.
We had Duncan Keith in.
So, I mean.
How was that?
He was unbelievable.
He was unbelievable.
All right, so he was very.
He was awesome, man. I thought he was quiet.
Like, I knew he wasn't, like, a loud person, right, in interviews.
Like, he's pretty stoic.
In interviews, very loud in the locker room.
But then I'd also been told.
I've been told once you're, like, in the locker with him and you get to know him, he's just hilarious.
So he came in, and he was that guy.
He was telling some funny stories,
and he was really insightful to his career
because he was such an underdog in a way.
It was cool.
It was a great interview.
But what was he like?
Because that year you guys won it.
I mean, he won the consummate.
He was a beast that whole playoffs.
Yeah, it was funny.
I told one of my buddies in the first round, he likes to bet hockey.
The odds for him to win were really good.
I was like, bet that.
And my buddy won a couple bucks off of that.
No way.
Is that insider trading?
No.
He bet Duncan Keith.
That must have been real good odds.
In the first round, yeah.
It was crazy, like 50 to 1 or something.
Because you've got to get to the cup finals to even have a chance.
Yeah, wow. But yeah, he's the or something. Because you've got to get to the cup finals to even have a chance. Yeah, wow.
But yeah, he's the man.
And he's so interesting to talk to.
He's such a deep thinker in the way he does everything.
I learned a lot from him early on how to be a pro.
But he's also a wild guy.
Just wild in his mental state.
He's hilarious to be around and like
always like running around like flipping around the locker room like whatever chirping guys like
him and seabrook were like the the pulse of the locker room when when i played there
did you develop a good relationship with cory crawford yeah yeah yeah crow was awesome to me
uh yeah he's he was the man.
He's a little bit older now.
He's got a kid, more of a homebody.
But for me, coming in, he was like my guy.
I'm a Hawks fan, always have been.
I worshipped the guy.
And then now I'm just pumped that we're friends.
I don't know if it was on here.
I said it last time.
When I played in the first round, I was nervous that I hurt his feelings.
I know.
That's what I was going to ask you.
I said it to him.
I was like, because I was freaking out when they told me I was going to play game three,
and he was trying to talk me off a ledge.
And I was like, I don't want you to be mad.
I'm not trying to take your job.
I'm really happy to be your backup.
He's like, shut up.
We just want to win.
You're playing great. Do your thing. And'm really happy to be your backup. He's like, shut up. We just want to win. You're playing great.
Do your thing.
And I was like, okay.
The funniest part is that, or not the funniest, the coolest part is that he was like, dude,
don't worry.
Like Fleury.
Exactly.
Exactly like Fleury.
Yeah.
Fleury with Murray.
And it comes off as like, oh, well, you want the team to win.
It's the easiest thing to do.
It couldn't have been.
No.
It couldn't have been.
Because the media was crazy.
They were all over him and all over both of us.
But he was awesome during that.
And then when he took the net back, I was like,
whew.
And then I just rode the bench the rest of the playoffs.
But it's kind of nice to have your imprint on that, though.
Yeah.
I mean, if you don't end up stepping up there,
they don't even make it out of the first round.
Yeah.
I mean, who knows?
But it's definitely like long term
like when i'm older and all that stuff be like yeah i contributed yeah i mean it's in the cup
and you're a big part of it yeah 16 wins to win and you had three of them i mean that's
fucking sneeze at um before you ask that question you had to eat up now on the flip side of that
have you ever played with a goalie that you guys hated each other uh because that would just make for for an uncomfortable year yeah i mean i i actually
haven't um i've been really lucky like most of my goalie partners throughout like all the levels are
like some of my best friends now um but you hear the stories you know like of guys just like what's
maybe a few names that people would know where it was bad, where people might not even have known?
Okay, well, I don't know this first.
I'll tell you a story that I always think of when I hear this question.
So I played with Michael Layton when I was in Rockford, and he's awesome.
He's the greatest guy.
He told me when he was a rookie in Chicago, what, 15 years ago?
Him and Craig Anderson were like, they hated each other and it was like
toxic and he told me they were like on the road i think it was norfolk at the time was the hl team
and they were all eating lunch at a food court in a mall and those two like got into a fist fight
like in the middle of a food court oh yeah in a mall that's late and anderson yeah guys told me
they call them Andork.
Like I said, I don't know him.
I've never talked to him.
I don't know anything about him.
Someone told me that once.
His nickname just made me laugh.
He's funny.
He just retired too late, right?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anderson's found a nice home in Ottawa, though.
That's who we're talking about, correct?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, he's had a sick career.
He's gone on runs.
He had a little, I don't on runs he had a like a little i
don't know if it's a five or six year run where every other year he was kind of off but every
other year he was sick oh he's a great goal yeah he has been he's in a tough spot in ottawa right
now but he's played a long time oh yeah he's made a great career um all right so i don't remember
the first interview that well but did you talk talk a ton about how you got to Maine?
Because it's funny, to end up playing for them.
Now, mind you, people probably don't know,
Maine has had Mike Dunham, Ben Bishop, Jimmy Howard, Gar Snow.
We had like seven starters in a row who played at least a game in the NHL.
I almost ruined it, but thank God I made it.
But yeah, it was like my senior year high school
was wild I was playing uh in the North American League in Mason City Iowa I got cut after the
first game and my parents were like you should probably just come home like I don't think this
hockey stuff's gonna work out for you like just come finish high school and I just sent some
emails I ended up going to the E in albany new york and from
there it kind of just like took off really fast uh so i was in new york we're playing in boston
all the time for the showcases and by december like i every college in the country was talking
you just got that hot yeah like in and nobody knew who i was and all of a sudden there's some
six six guy like you know putting up good numbers and so every And all of a sudden, there's some 6'6 guy putting up good numbers.
And so every game, all the colleges were out there.
And yeah, it happened very fast.
I had all these visits lined up, but I went to Maine first.
And it was a done deal.
I was like, where do I sign?
What goalie was there then?
Bish.
He was.
And Bish, we were supposed to be there together.
I'd be a freshman.
He'd be a senior.
But he ended up signing.
So at that level, at that time, do they have goalie coaches each team?
No.
Oh, but you did.
Oh, in college, yeah.
Not in the EJ.
Yeah, no, in college.
So when you go on this visit, do you meet with him,
and is part of your thinking,
yo, this guy who's built like me has been with this goalie coach,
and he's obviously done a good job because he's now going to go on the next level is that a big process of the the decision yeah they had grant stanbrook
uh who'd been there for like 30 years and like developed all these goalies in a row recruiter
yeah he found penner like he found he found penner on everybody and then he did it wisconsin before
like he found like chelios and all those guys he got i think korea and all that yeah penner
one i don't know if this is true i meant to ask pens the rumor was that he was up there and and
he saw penner playing on he was watching a game there was two sheets and the other side was like
a men's league or something like i might have this wrong but he ends up like seeing who is this kid
he's huge monster and he goes down to the course, and then he sees same kid's name,
plus one handicap.
He's like, that means he's got unreal hands.
And it all came together.
And I don't know exactly what happened there for Penns,
but this guy would have little ways of finding players nobody knew about
that ended up lighting up college.
Like digging a little bit deeper.
Oh, it was just wild how long he did it.
He told me years later, the coach at the time was tim whitehead in maine whitehead didn't want me
grant watched my film and said this guy's gonna play in nhl like you better take him and like
the head coach didn't want me but he listened to grant because he's been doing this for
forever he knows and so he was just that good but he actually left like a week before i got to school
oh really so he was gone like my guy who wanted actually left like a week before I got to school. Oh, really? So he was gone.
Like my guy who wanted me there was gone.
And then the head coach didn't want me.
And so I was there for two years.
What's that like?
Do you walk into the office and try to bury the hatchet?
You didn't know at the time?
No, I didn't know at the time.
Okay.
But yeah, it was tough because I wanted to work with Grant while I was there.
That's why I wanted to go to Maine.
But he left like a week before I got to school.
Yeah, like when a new GM comes in, wants his own coach.
Yeah.
Kind of type thing.
I want to go back again to 15.
Obviously, it was a great run.
Your NHL playoff debut was in relief.
Corey gave up three, I think, of the first.
You come in.
You have 42 saves.
You don't give up one goal, double overtime.
Like when Q says, all right, you're going in,
what's the first thought?
Like, holy shit?
Or like, just lock in?
Like, I always like to get inside goalie's heads or at least try to.
Yeah, it was like, he let in a third goal with a couple minutes left in the first,
and so I'm, like, peering down the bench.
No one's looking at me.
I was like, okay, it's a playoff.
Like, he's going to ride it out.
I'm just going to be here.
We go in the locker room.
Like, I sit down.
Ten seconds later, Q comes in and just says, you're in.
And I calmly stood up and went and threw up in the bathroom.
No.
Yeah.
First time you've ever done that?
Midgame, yeah.
I puke before games sometimes, just like anxiety stuff.
But going to the bathroom, throw up, everybody hears me.
Walk out, the guys are laughing, and they're all like, let's go.
And I was good, and it was a good night.
I mean, 42 saves, man.
That's incredible to me, your first playoff game ever, man.
It's good stuff.
So I get anxious, and I get anxiety sometimes too.
And my buddy recently was telling me about this pill that you can take.
I don't know if it's all natural.
There could be some chemicals in it,
but it helps calm your nerves down,
and it actually works.
He has to get up in front of...
Do speeches?
Do speeches and stuff,
and he always takes it beforehand.
Somebody listening is going to know what I'm talking about.
And it mellows them right out.
Yeah, I don't know if it...
Once again, I don't know if it's natural.
I think it has to be over-the-counter,
or you need a prescription, excuse me, but I would't know if it's natural. I think it has to be over-the-counter. Or you need a prescription, excuse me.
But I would love to try it.
I mean, if you're doing a test, I'll try anything.
Try anything twice.
Man, especially you just said, before games, I would always get nervous.
I get nervous before we record podcasts.
I was sweating coming up here, you know what I mean?
Oh, so you do as well.
Oh, yeah.
If I have to get off the couch i get nervous you're like if i have to stop my dog from running around in circles
i really get nervous now i do oh shit oh so you were at maine for two years yeah did you end up
getting kicked out of maine yeah kind of you had enough or no uh yeah two years was enough um yeah i i like uh the way i explain is i tried to be a
normal college student and a d1 athlete and that didn't work out well basically are the opposite
but like you could probably do it in boston you know but in or no it's like if you leave your
dorm they know you know what i mean yeah um so yeah that's kind of how it was and for me i was
like i don't really like it there that much anyway,
so I was kind of okay.
Like if I could do it again, I probably could have went to BU or North Dakota
or something.
I probably would have went somewhere else.
So I was kind of okay with it other than not graduating college,
still working on.
Or you're still taking online classes?
I've taken a bunch.
I need to re-enroll.
What are you trying to do just shit your like your your basic stuff just a piece of paper to hang on the wall to say
that you're a graduate i promised my mom when i left that i'd graduate college so you go from
the shit kickers up in maine down to the shit kickers in the bayou in louisiana huh yeah i mean
i was young and dumb like i said i i was like ah fuck it i'm just gonna sign with phoenix you know
well arizona now um go to camp thinking i'm gonna get a contract they're like uh we'll start you I was young and dumb. Like I said, I was like, ah, fuck it. I'm just going to sign with Phoenix. You know, well, Arizona now.
Go to camp thinking I'm going to get a contract.
They're like, ah, we'll start you off in the East Coast League.
And they shipped me to Vegas.
And I was like 21 in Vegas.
Wild time.
Lasted like a couple weeks.
And then I was like out of the coast.
And I was like, I don't know what to do now.
And I had some friends who played in Louisiana.
I called them like, you guys need a goalie? And just flew flew down there and that's how I got to the SPHL what was that like I mean like what's a what's a normal day in the SPHL like
I mean it's like the same as the coast um the hotel's gotta be brutal oh yeah I mean
we're motel five not a. Yeah, just like that.
Stuffing poor guys into two beds and shit.
But, you know, honestly, like, I loved Louisiana.
It's still one of my favorite states.
Like, it's like a hidden gem.
Very unique place.
Loved it.
What city was it again?
Lafayette.
And, like, we lived on the college campus. So it was, like, still being college but not going to school.
Nice.
It was awesome.
There were girls around. what did you guys meet uh we met a long time ago she actually was a d1 hockey
player she played at uconn really uh yeah her and her twin sister both played at uconn shout out
nicole forwarder d well you line mates you and your sister sister? Yeah. But we played for the same organizations growing up,
Chicago Young Americans.
And then, yeah, a couple years ago, we just bumped into each other.
And now she was a  can I say it?
She was an ice girl for the Hawks.
Nice.
Wow, you were playing her?
Yeah.
Me and Biz met them last night.
Yeah, all right.
Might meet up with one.
He might have to.
We shot after the second period.
Oh, did you?
These guys made it.
They gave me a broken stick.
I missed.
So we finished.
These two guys, the girls, the ice girls, like, picture, picture. I walked over.
They're like, no, no, winner's circle.
Oh, wow.
Winner's circle picture.
R.A. and Biz.
All right.
I sniped from center ice.
I haven't shot on ice since college intramurals.
I shit myself.
I still can't believe I hit that shot.
That's funny.
That's funny, though.
But yeah, it was like I got traded, and she retired, and we bumped into each other out
in Chicago.
We'd seen each other for years, but never really interacted.
It's so much nicer, too, because if she played hockey, she completely understands everything.
If you met just a girl who's never been with a hockey player,
she might be like, this guy's insane.
She's like, wait, we're going to what city in Europe?
You're like, I don't know.
But just even the routine and how to know to respect what you need
in order to perform at your best.
Right, but the downside is I told her when we started dating,
I said, never critique my goaltending.
That's the only rule we have.
But it was funny.
Last year we stayed in Raleigh for the summer,
and there was no hockey players there.
So she was my shooter.
She'd come out, we'd skate together, do goalie drills,
and it was nice to have her around.
So it's funny you mention don't talk about my goaltending.
I'm not going to say the player's name,
but one of my all-time favorite stories is the guy hadn't scored in 25 games,
just in a major slump
major slump he's obviously pissed off he's driving home dead silent after another game without a goal
i can't score a fucking goal he's dead silent in the car his wife says have you thought about
maybe like changing your curve he fucking snapped lost it overreacted it was like a complete meltdown he's like don't talk to me
about my curve but that's funny but that's how i am like you can say anything to me like i got
thick skin whatever but i was like do not tell me how to play goalie or ever say anything about a
goalie let in or anything like that yeah like that's my one rule is there any healthy competition
you ever get back on the blades and do like a shootout well i mean last summer we she came out with me a bunch and like uh but not so much here i told her once i actually retire
we're gonna be on a men's league team together she can be my because i'm never gonna play goalie
again i'm gonna be a forward i was like we can be lionies snapping around i heard a story about
a chinese polka game or something with a few of the boys in the blackhawks something you want is
that something you want to talk about?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I just did the dog walk with the Chicago guys.
Oh, you did?
Okay, yeah.
They're awesome guys.
With the guy, Eddie?
Eddie's the man.
We love Eddie.
We love Chief.
Yeah.
I was out with Chief a little late last night.
They're great guys.
We met all of them this week.
When you say dog walk, you mean like they have a little content piece called Dog Walk?
That's what they do.
Eddie's little, it's's little 15-minute conversation.
He calls it Dog Walk because that's the time it would take to walk a dog.
And I thought we were going to walk Moose around.
But it wasn't like that.
They came over to my house and into the man cave, and we just filmed it.
But they were asking me about that.
And, yeah, when I played for the Hawks, me, Kaner, Crow, and Seabrook,
we had a very serious Chinese poker game,
and it's like one of my favorite memories from playing for the Hawks.
What's Chinese poker?
Yeah, what's Chinese?
I thought it was a poker.
Nobody knows how to play.
They had to teach me.
It's like pretty complicated, but you get 13 cards, four-player game.
You have to make three hands, so a three-card hand, five-card hand,
five-card hand, five-card hand.
Weakest to strongest.
And you bet on each one.
And you play against the dealer.
And then every guy switched deals?
Yeah, the deal just goes around.
What kind of money was flying around? No, that's what they asked you.
It was not big money.
It was 20 each.
So with all the rules incorporated, the most you could lose is 180.
And the most you could win was 180 on a hand.
But we would play every flight, the whole flight,
and I think the biggest debt was like 1,000.
This sounds kind of like almost like not blackjack,
but it's so much different if you're playing against
you're all three against one guy, right?
Yeah.
As opposed to everyone battling for one pot.
Right.
People compare it to like Pai G one pot right people compared like pie gallon
if you guys ever played that i think you gotta be like alan on the hangover like try to play that
game yeah three different hands at once but yeah it's a lot of fun and like when once i got traded
i was like had withdrawals from playing chinese poker so i got an app i taught her how to play
so like we were right when we moved to raleigh like there was a hurricane so like power went
out all that shit and like we just played Chinese poker in our kitchen
the whole night. You couldn't get the boys on your next
team to do it? No.
Because you have to teach everyone. Yeah.
They already had their own card game
going. Didn't get the invite.
When I went
back to the American League, I didn't play at the
NHL level at the card table because
I wasn't a big dog like that. But back in
the American League, we did. and I like that Schnapples
game. Schnapples is good. Yeah, that's what they
play in Raleigh. Schnapps is good.
I've played Schnapps a few times but yeah, Chinese poker
was so much fun.
Especially with those guys. Like I
said, great memories, great combo. Just
chirping each other. It was good
times. So after Chicago, you
signed the huge ticket down in Carolina.
What was that experience
like i know it probably didn't pan out though you we would like what went good what went wrong what
was like the the whole overall experience there uh overall i was fine i'd say uh i think the first
year after i signed i like let my foot off the gas i didn't really train as hard that summer
wasn't the best shape when i got there and that kind of just like bad start it's just like a snowball like then i tried like
work out more and like get in shape and like i tried so hard and like it every everything went
wrong you tried too hard yeah it was like what's that movie like quicksand uh shane falco he's like
the harder you try the faster you sink like it's never a place yeah
that's so that's how I like explained my first year and then really dialed it in the next summer
we stayed there I got in the best shape I've ever been in my life uh like I was feeling great
felt great on the ice last preseason game I tear my hamstring and when i was hurt they picked uh mechelini up
up off waivers and like he played amazing i'm just sitting there like in the trainer's room for a
month like watching him like he was lights out and so basically just lost my job while i was
sitting in the trainer's room which you can't blame him he had a great run that's how it can
happen though yeah goaltending dude you're out for whatever reason,
and the guy gets hot, you're not coming out.
And it's just kept probably really scary for goalies
when they do get injured because you just never know.
Right, and so I joked with the strength coach.
I was like, this is your fault.
Before this, I didn't have any muscles to tear.
Now I'm, like, ripped and, like, you know.
How did it happen in that last game
just a random push playing we were playing the preds it's like a crazy i was on the right side
of the crease i think it was arvidson like had a wide open net on the left side and i just like
did the chinese splits but i just overreached like put my glove forward and i just felt it pop and i
was like you gotta be kidding me right now right now. I left middle of the game
and that was pretty much the end of my NHL
career. When they call you to tell
you they're buying you out, is there a little
bit of resentment where you're like, I think you're giving up
on me a little too early?
When's that?
Did you get the direct deposit numbers?
I was like, okay, so first paycheck is October 15th?
Okay, cool. Thank you.
That's D-A-R-L-I-N-G.
But it was kind of crazy and stressful the whole way it went down.
I think I'm free to talk about it now.
So I broke my ankle when I was playing Charlotte,
like that end of my season.
And they were just like, okay, you can go home.
I was like, really?
Okay.
So I just moved back in March.
And they were like, we're going to buy you out.
Don't worry about it.
So we were like great
you know be a free agent you know restart next year and then like i think 10 days before the
buyout ended they were like we're not sure anymore we're gonna we might bring you back we might trade
you and i was like oh my god like i've been basing my whole plan off this buyout for the last
four months or however long it was what do you mean plan just like what you were gonna do yeah like you know that's kind of talk to my agent like
which teams can we go to kind of like whatever you were already gone in your mind yeah i was gone
yep and then we were we were in uh at the time it happened we were in beijing we went to asia
for a month this summer um so like time change is completely different we're in beijing we went to asia for a month this summer um so like time change is
completely different we're in beijing phones on loud every night i'm on the phone like four or
five a.m like talking to my agent or talking to the canes like whatever and then with i think there
was like 30 minutes left in the window because it's like a 15-day window they're like i got a
call from don waddell and it's like 4 a.m in beijing he's like we need you
to waive your no trade clause so we can trade you to florida um i was like okay he's like we need
you to email us like a verbal like that you sign off on that and in china they don't have normal
internet and so i'm freaking out he's like i can't get your agent on the phone i'm like
running around this hotel in beijing like trying to because like i have an aol account i know don't
make fun of me but china doesn't recognize an aol account for email and so like i had to like make
a gmail and like like in 15 in 15 minutes and like send like it's okay to trade me to florida
and i got it with like two minutes left in the window.
Like, Scott42069.
Yeah, yeah.
What do we call it?
It's safe for Stan Bowman's Gmail, Pussycrusher6969.
When he was on the podcast.
Oh, my God.
That was outrageous.
He was good.
He was good on there.
He was great.
I was surprised because he's pretty, like, he keeps himself.
That was a good one.
He stopped by the box last night to say hello to us. Oh yeah him and uh danny where it's down the owner's son
what a hot shit he is man i i know he's the owner's son i don't know if you interact with
him at all but he was he's a real nice dude oh they're great to us but uh so that you get that
off but what then they're not ending up getting you over to florida no they traded me to florida
and i got and then florida bought me that's how it all went down. Okay, excuse me. Paychecks come from the Panthers now.
And no state tax?
No state tax.
Oh, my God.
That's a way to win.
You saved a couple million, right?
Maybe.
Overall, I mean, it's going to be a lot, actually.
So it kind of worked out best.
So that was just luck of the draw.
Dude, that might be a sneaky little thing,
not like trade me to a no state tax.
Like, if you're going to get bought out.
Well, no, because the team has to then pay the money so florida obviously well they probably took a draft pick
yeah uh i think so and then they had to get rid of reimer so reimer went to carolina there was
some moves being made there now when when they said to waive it to go to florida and i'm sorry
for not knowing that you actually went there to get bought out um did that click off in your head
right away that they didn't have state tax?
No, because I wasn't sure if it was going to work like that if I don't live there.
That would have been my first fucking question.
I know it would be yours, but I was like, I called my guy.
I'm like, do I need to rent an apartment in Fort Lauderdale or something?
Yeah, I'll move right down there.
But yeah, so it all worked out.
How did you like Raleigh overall, though, outside of the hockey experience?
It was fine.
I think it's boring as shit.
Super boring.
Which is nothing new.
And, like, we're city people.
Like, I love being in the city here.
She grew up in the city.
But, yeah, it's like we were living in the burbs.
It'd be a great place if you're older with kids.
Yeah.
And, you know, there's great schools, super nice people.
But, like, we were in like
pleasantville like in the middle yeah it's like maybe every rfp down there and we're just like
what do we do here no type of pulse any day of the week you have to has to be a weekend
yeah no chance 10 o'clock place is done not even the weekend like i think there was like
it was funny at our end of the year party went to like the one like club in in raleigh and
our end of the year party went to like the one like club in in raleigh and they got like bottle service and they put it in this like lock box in the middle and there's like a key and like
yeah i like never seen that i thought that was pretty funny the jukebox in there you gotta put
five in like one of those places but it was okay like i lucked out. My very best friend lives in Raleigh.
He always lived in Raleigh.
And so having him there helped a lot.
But it was, yeah, we didn't enjoy it.
I'm happy to be back here.
When you signed with the Canes, what other teams were you?
Could you have possibly signed with?
Was it down to two or three?
Or did you know that it was going to be Carolina?
Well, the way it worked is I got traded to Raleigh
like a month before free agency.
So if I wanted to wait, I probably could have.
So, I mean, for me, it was like I was like thinking Dallas
because that was the same year like when Bisch signed there in free agency.
So, but I mean, once I saw the numbers, I didn't want to risk it.
And like, I was like like I don't care I'll
live anywhere so I went to Raleigh now you're still young you're only 30 years old do you think
you'll ever get back to the NHL again or you think that that's it like you know I mean because things
happen man injuries happen yeah exactly yeah yeah it's definitely not out of the question like I was
talking to some teams when uh like when I broke my hand so i wasn't able to go to camp um but there's
definitely definitely not like shutting it out but i think this year like after the last two years
it's kind of just like been pretty miserable playing so uh just want to enjoy it just want
to go somewhere and like enjoy playing hockey again so and plus like the one team i don't even
know if i should say this on the podcast but like me and quenville were still like pretty tight he was the best coach and like still talk and but it's funny
now he's in florida and the one team i can't sign with is florida for a year because they bought me
out yeah so you can't sign for a year let's talk a little bit about the traveling stuff i mean
your wife's in here we did have uh what was his name? Was it Gazdik?
Luke. Luke.
He's a travel guy.
And he went over to Asia, and he was going to these ping pong shows
where these girls were shooting back at each other.
I haven't been to Southeast Asia.
She has.
I don't know if she went to those shows.
But he's good buddies with one of my old teammates and friends,
Mike Leambis, and him and gadzik would travel to
like do these crazy trips in the summer like to obscure places um but yeah that's what we try and
do like after worlds last year we stayed for a couple weeks and did like uh germany austria
switzerland and egypt egypt yeah egypt it was awesome uh it's kind of funny we were sitting
in our hotel in zurich and like the whole trip we saved five days.
And the whole trip we were asking people, like, where should we go the last five days?
People were saying, like, Prague or Budapest.
And we zoomed out on the Google Maps, and I saw Cairo.
I'm like, how close are we to Cairo right now?
And we looked it up.
It was only a three-hour flight.
So we booked a flight to Egypt the next day and went and did the pyramids and all that stuff.
Dude, what are they like?
I mean, you see pictures of them, but are they overwhelmed when you see them like that they
were built what five thousand years ago or something the pyramids were five thousand yeah
long yeah something like that last time i said i said what um third i thought i guess the great
wall was like 30 miles they're like no all right it's 21 000 miles long that's why they always use
the term they don't build them like they used to because of the pyramid so but. But, I mean, pictures can't do it justice because there's no scale.
Right, exactly.
But, like, when you're saying that, it's fucking crazy.
Huge.
Huge.
It doesn't make sense.
How do they move all those big blocks?
Slaves.
Like, the blocks were, like...
Egyptian slaves literally built them.
That's what they did.
But the blocks were, like, twice as tall as me, and there's probably 50,000 of them stacked.
The one thing I will say was the Sphinx was underwhelming.
It was very small.
It looks very big.
This may be a really stupid question.
Like, was the wheel created at this point for them?
Well, that's what I'm saying, but even then, like, those things were so heavy.
That's why people say it's like aliens or whatever.
I don't agree with that, but they used, like, the pulley system in a lot of slaves, I guess.
You know where I want to go?
Oh, sorry.
All right, go ahead.
Can you go inside it? Like, walk inside? i've always wanted to yeah you can like we climbed i
don't know if i've sweat more than that uh climbing into the the biggest pyramid because what we also
learned is the egyptians at that time were only like four feet tall which is crazy and the tunnels
i'm six six the tunnels were like four feet and like we climbed all the way up into the main tomb and almost got arrested
because you're not allowed to take pictures,
and somebody pulled out their iPhone in there.
But, yeah, I mean, it was great, and it's a great place to visit.
It's not as good for women, good for men.
They treat men a lot better than women there.
But it's really cheap, too, if you're ever looking for a trip.
I want to go to a trip i want to
go uh to dubai i want to play golf and spend a bunch of money in dubai that that'd be sick
i've not been uh that's another place where it's kind of weird for women to go
oh is it good i'll go along
but uh yeah like we we try and do a big trip every year. Like, we did Asia this year.
Speaking of the Great Wall, that's where we got engaged.
Oh, no way.
That's like two of the Instagram pictures.
Slashing that right.
But, yeah, I mean, New Zealand's still my number one.
I did, like, a charity hockey tour a couple years ago in Australia.
Oh, Commodore did that, I think.
Yeah, it's, like, the best.
I heard that's a great time if you're
an nhl guy they treat you so good and the games are packed aren't they oh yeah it's like 20 000
people and like you're only accountable on game days like i've only played three games i was there
for two weeks so you can actually be a tourist and like you get first class flights suites at
the hotel they still do this yeah and they always bring like two or three nhl guys they
make like a u.s team and a canadian team and so they bring like six or seven total nhl guys and
like roll out the red carpet for them and then fill it out with like sphl and east coastly guys
and just like drag them along you know like put them in steerage and sharing rooms so you said
new zealand's a place like we would you move there it's so beautiful where, like, would you move there? It's so beautiful. Oh, yeah. Like, so after I was done with the tour, I stayed and went to New Zealand.
One of my good friends who had, like, this crazy minor league career,
he played in every obscure country, like Estonia, like all these weird places,
and then ended up in Queenstown, New Zealand.
So I went to visit him, and I loved it.
Queenstown, New Zealand is my favorite place ever.
But it's funny.
I was watching their team practice, and it looked like a men's league team.
They have coordinating pants.
Guys are wearing all this crazy shit.
And so I had the idea because I was sponsored by Warrior.
I had all that merch money, and I never used it.
So I've been sponsoring that team in Queenstown, New Zealand for the last five years.
Nice.
So now they look like a team.
They're playing against guys with, like, miscolored everything, you know?
Get them pants, gloves, helmets.
Yeah, sticks.
Oh, that's a nice award here, too.
Give them a quick shout-out.
Yeah.
What's the best city in the world?
If you could visit one city again or for the first time, what would it be?
I mean, it's hard to not say Queenstown.
I love it there.
No kidding, huh?
New Zealand.
Yeah.
I ended up going over to Melbourne,
and I did some Olympic Hockey Network thing, and I loved it.
I'm a big coffee drinker.
The coffee in Australia is 20 out of 10.
Like Starbucks, they laugh at it.
It's just different.
It's almost like a big espresso.
They don't make it like they make it here.
Every place has good coffee.
The restaurants were incredible.
And my sister's been to New Zealand, but I was kind of busy and I headed back.
I didn't even get a chance to go to Sydney.
Is that a place you've been to?
Yeah.
I missed the Melbourne because I only did half the trip.
I did Sydney, Adelaide, Brisbane, and then we went up to the Gold Coast, but didn't play up there.
But yeah, I mean Australia
was awesome but it's also the most dangerous country in the world like because of predators
like we're staying in like five-star hotels and they're like yeah just keep your eye out for
scorpions I'm like yeah no thanks yeah the brown snakes too yeah everything and so you go to New
Zealand and there's not one animal in New Zealand that can hurt like kill you or in the water they
don't have sharks nothing so there's zero predators New Zealand and can hurt, like kill you or in the water. They don't have sharks, nothing.
That's insane.
So there's zero predators in New Zealand and the most in the world is in Australia.
So I'll go to New Zealand.
That's crazy because they're so close to each other, right?
Wow, that's amazing.
I didn't know that.
That is amazing.
Well, we thank you so much for coming on, dude.
This is a lot of fun for us.
I think the last thing I definitely want to end with was the first time we had Darls on, we'd never met.
We just met for the first time right now, and we had a great time talking to you.
I remember thinking it was so cool you came on.
You're like, I actually listen to the show.
That was one of the first guys that told us they listen all the time.
Well, fast forward, I told the story about my wife's aunt who's battling a brain tumor and put out the GoFundMe.
And my wife one night is's like who's scott
darling and i was like oh he's a goalie we interview on chicklets and this freaking guy
without ever meeting me or my wife donated a ton of money to my wife my wife's aunt so i i didn't
even have your number dude so like i i just appreciated that so much and it's like hockey
is such a great great family so thank you bud bud. Yeah, of course. We do listen.
We always listen. When I walk Moose,
just put on the ear pods and catch up on my
chicklets and just love the show
and thanks for having me on again.
And I think we're going to hopefully
hear about a signing for you coming up pretty soon
and then we can get it on out.
Absolutely. If you've got any connections in Russia,
I want to know. I'll call Sochi.
They really like me over there. If you've got any connections in Russia, let me know. I'll call Sochi. They really like me over there.
If you got any connections, get me into that Australia,
Sasha, New Zealand tour, maybe one of these summers.
I would love to do that.
Yeah, I know the guy.
Let me know.
Yeah, let him know.
Thank you.
Big thanks to Scotty Dallin for joining us.
And was it his fiance or his wife?
I'm not sure if they had gotten married since we had him on.
His fiance.
Okay, yeah.
That was nice for a little Pearl Harbor for a little quick drop in.
And like I said, there's a nice follow-up to the interview.
He did end up signing with a team in Austria since we chatted.
He is now a member of HCTWK Innsbruck of the Austrian Hockey League.
So best of luck to him and his wife or fiance over in Europe.
Like I said, he's a worldly guy.
I'm sure he'll have some adventures over there.
And speaking of goalies, the New Jersey Devils sent goalie Corey Schneider
to the AHL team, the Binghamton Devils,
in hopes that he can kind of get his game back to the level it once was.
Other than a couple of rehab assignments,
he hasn't played in the A's since the 09-10 season.
I know it's been a rough couple of years for Schneider,
so we're hoping he can get things back on track.
He's got two more seasons at 6 million per.
Whit, I know you have buddies with him.
I'm sorry, Biz, did you want to chime in?
Well, I was just going to say he was my pick for comeback player of the year.
I thought he was going to come back in.
They bolstered their lineup a little bit.
I thought he was going to be sharing the net because they kind of do have
like a one-two.
They don't really have a starter, do they?
Would you consider Mackenzie blackwood a for sure
starter well they were they were hoping schneider to end up becoming you know the true starter again
oh really okay so they were expecting that much i was expecting him to split the net this year but
you know things haven't started out that great and it's unfortunate but uh
you know i always i'm a sucker for a comeback story, guys. Yeah, I hope so because this guy is one of the best people going,
a Massachusetts guy.
And what really sucks is that since he started struggling,
it's all based on an injury, I think.
And just having gone through that, it's really hard when you do have
a major surgery and you just kind of can't get back to your game.
I don't know if it's physical.
I don't know if it's mental.
I probably is a little bit of both.
But for a guy who's had an incredible career, his teammates love him, came on the scene,
was a huge prospect, came on, I mean, big part of Vancouver when Luan goes there.
There's been times Corey Schneider has shown how good of a goalie he is.
He's earned, you know, the contract he signed.
And it just sucks because when you do get injured
and you can't get back to what you once were,
it's mentally so, like, torturous.
Like, I just know myself, there was nights it's like you could start,
like, crying.
Like, at least for me, I knew I couldn't do it anymore.
It was, like, heartbreaking.
And I don't know for sure that that was that that's the case for cory but i know since since the injury
and and all this you know it hasn't been the same so i wish him all the luck in the world i hope
i hope he knows that right now is as shitty as it can feel um there'll be a day when i think he's
very proud he should be proud right now but going down to going on waivers when you're on a big deal
it's it's, it's embarrassing.
That's part of it.
And I think just getting through that's going to be one of the things.
But he should be very proud of the career he has had.
It's not over yet.
And I kind of know what he's gone through.
And, you know, no player wants his assignments at the A to last long,
unlike his assignment in the bedroom.
You know, most guys always want to last a little longer.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer,
thinking about old stats, thinking about old goals or Stanley Cups.
Uh-uh, but the folks at Roman have the answer.
It's an online men's health company,
and they're changing the game with Roman Swipes,
the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting,
and they don't require a prescription.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging, and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it. Swipes are great. They will
not transfer to your partner, so you can last longer without worrying. They're super easy to
use. Just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry, and you're good to go. That's
it. And when you go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets, you can get your first month of swipes for just 5
when you choose a monthly plan.
If you use the link, getroman.com slash chicklets.
That's getroman.com slash chicklets.
And one other quick note before, actually, I'm sorry,
Biz, you have something, buddy?
Well, it was a little cutthroat that you transferred out of Schneid's
and used him into a Roman dick wipeout.
Oh, I know.
I felt really bad.
He just said, yeah, all right, no worries for Schneid's,
but you do want to last when you're fucking.
I thought it was clever.
Listen, hey, what I'm saying, though, the podcast ain't loyal.
I mean, you podcast ain't loyal.
Am I wrong here? It was a tough transition. Well, I didn't say heks ain't loyal. Am I wrong here?
It was a tough transition.
I didn't say he didn't last long.
I just, you know, in general.
I know.
I'm just saying, Sneeds, if you're listening, fuck RA.
Just use Roman swipes.
All right.
Well, we're going to send it over to Eddie Shaq in one quick second.
But the NHL did announce that they have a new name for the GM of the year.
It was basically the only award that didn't have a name or a face attached to it.
It will now be known as the Jim Gregory General Manager of the year award in honor of the late former GM and NHL executive.
So I just want to get that out there because we like to keep track of the awards come award time.
Now, boys, we got a little treat for you here.
Eddie Shaq, without further ado,
we're going to send it over to this character.
Let's start it right off the bat.
Clear the track.
Here comes Shaq.
He knocks him down, and he gives him a whack.
He scores goals.
He's got the knack.
Eddie, Eddie, Shaq.
They sent me down to the minors.
That's when you used to get sent down.
Two weeks for misbehaving.
Is this the first guy in Chicklets history to ever do his own intro?
He did his own intro.
I just got cucked out of my intro, and I couldn't be happier.
Oh, my God.
Can't talk that.
Eddie Shaq, welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
It's an honor to have you on.
Isn't that like spittin' chick?
You know what I mean?
I was so happy because I had bad teeth and it was in the middle.
In New York, I got hit.
Lou Fontanaro hit me and knocked out my front teeth.
But I was happy because now I got teeth like you and like you.
Oh, you had shit teeth before that?
Oh, shitty, shitty.
Unbelievable.
But I was happy.
And then I'm doing a show, Spit on Chickies or something like that, right?
That's what Biz does.
Spitting Chickies.
I love that.
That's what we'll go with.
Same thing here.
I didn't have great teeth, and I was excited when they got knocked out because I was going to get pearly whites.
Because as you can see, I need all the help I can get because I got a  well, I wouldn't say it's as bad as a nose as you, but it's pretty close.
You know, I got a bad nose but i did
my commercials though hey my commercials like you know and you know what pop shop right and it goes
something like this you know i got a nose for value look after the nickels and dimes and the
dollars will look after themselves okay so this is one thing and we might as well hop into it right
now you were like the one guy guy who branded himself like crazy.
Back then, it was a little more old school.
Were guys a little weird about how you were doing all these types of endorsement deals
and moving and shaking off the ice just as hard as you maybe were on?
Well, I enjoy people, and when you enjoy like, I used to have fun to play hockey.
And when you come into the National League right off the bat,
you've got to make a name.
And if somebody, like, Larry Zidell speared me, right?
And I said, you spear me one more time.
And I'm 20 years old, eh?
Young little buck, eh?
You'll get this stick right over the head
because we didn't have any helmets in that time.
He speared me again,
boom, right over the head.
I told you I was going to do it.
Don't test me.
Then we got into a fight on the ice
and then they kicked us out
so I went up in the stands
and at that time you'd always
go with the guys to have a beer.
I'm sitting up there waiting.
And what does he do?
He's come up to the stands to see me.
I give him a shot there.
And at that time, we had the big shoes, the brogue shoes.
He fell down, and I was going to give it to him.
But then I said, oh, I'm not going to.
What a gentleman.
I knocked him over.
I won't hit him again.
What a guy.
Did you get in trouble for going into the stands? Or did they kill you back then?
So what happened?
I went up in the stands, got into trouble with him.
The police come and put us both in jail.
So I've been in jail, too.
You did a bit.
Free room and board.
We weren't getting much money.
At that time, we got 7,500, eh?
A year?
Yeah.
Well, what do you think?
You stoop?
What do you think?
A month?
What was training camp like then?
Go through training camp.
It was great.
So, you know, and then this kid said to me, a young little, he says, how much did you make?
And I said, 7,500.
He said, was that a day or a week?
I said, you little, it wasn't for us guys.
Where would he be, right?
Well, yeah, you guys definitely paved the way.
And what was the ad you were talking about for the nose?
Like what was the story behind it?
What was the company that hired you?
Pop Shop.
What exactly is that?
It's a pop you know it's just
like coca-cola yeah yeah and and this cream soda and then like root beer and everything like that
and it and then i was making like at that time doing the commercials and that they wanted me
to go on the road with them and then like with pop shop and that's what i did and they took me as doing the commercials
and then they needed somebody for quebec so i said well we'll take andre richard you know what
i mean because he's a buddy i want to tell a story about andre a pocket rocket feel free buddy this
is your time okay andre richard hey if you remember third man in is out of the game? Yeah. I was happy about that, right?
Because that's Ferguson.
Go to Montreal, Ferguson.
I said, shithead, get the hell out of here, will you?
I'll pick my partner.
You pick yours, right?
And the partner I picked was Andre Richard.
And Andre, and all of a sudden, a little fight starts.
I got Andre.
I got him by the thing. And now I want to get both hands loose.
Can't get loose.
He's got me.
So I said, let's see if this little frog can take this, right?
Boom.
I cocoa-bunked him.
I got him just above the eye, and the blood come down,
and the language, like the way the French,
shut the shit the goddamn, you know,
my brother there, you know.
So now, we
go into Montreal.
Going to Montreal, skating around.
Ferguson
yapping at me.
I'm getting you, Shaq.
Yeah, yeah, I'm getting you, yeah. And I said, listen,
shithead, you grab your partner
and I'll grab mine. And he knows I said, listen, shithead, you grab your partner and I'll grab mine.
So he knows I got Andre, right?
So now we're going through to the dressing room.
All of a sudden now, who's there but Morris Rokotrishan.
Oh, his older brother.
Yeah, he's there, right?
Protect his younger brother.
Yeah.
He said, Hedy.
You know, he yells out heady
my name's not heady I mean but you said really nice and cool he said heady I looked up
thank god you never hit him what's your nose or you would have split my brother in two
the rocket or shards yeah the more. I've played with Morris, eh?
The old timers, he was a referee.
And in the morning, he used to have gin and grapefruit juice.
He said, that keeps me going, Eddie, he says.
A little eye-opener.
But I thought the world of him, eh?
I played one game against him in New York, but that was it.
But what a gentleman, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
And Jean Bellevue, another unbelievable, you know what I mean?
And with Jean, you know, like nice guys, you know, you like to, you know,
you got to play the game.
You got to hit a little bit, right?
Right.
So I hit Jean, right?
He fell down.
And I said, Jean john i'm sorry you know
like a gentleman should say right yeah yeah so now the third period comes around well jesus if he
hasn't got the same thing i hit him again he fell down i said john i'm sorry so he's you know how they talk right so now we're going to the airport
and we we crossed each other he said heady i looked up i said yes john he said how come you
hit me like that all the time and you say you're sorry. I said, John, sometimes I lie.
Just to stay in the good books, eh?
Yeah.
Sometimes with guys, we like to start off at the beginning and where were you born and how you got into hockey.
Do you guys want to take that trajectory with this one?
Yeah, I also want to know how this guy had a driver's license
when he was 13 years old because I've been told that.
Okay, in Sudbury, I was a butcher, eh?
And I was big for my...
You were big at 13.
That's where you were born, correct? Sudbury, Ontario.
That's where they grow potatoes.
That's where they grow potatoes. The only way they get them out,
they blast them. But right
next door, there was a butcher shop and I
worked there cleaning chickens and
driving the truck.
And then when you
go to get your license when you're 13 you look like
you're 16 so i was 16 it was a hundred dollar fine i was making money then and uh and then i got a
job at dominion stars and at dominion stars and and and canada wednesday afternoon was always off
you know what i mean so after that when you're that age, you can drink, eh?
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
I guess so.
Yeah, take your word for it.
Put the brakes on.
You're in Sudbury now.
You can do whatever you want, right?
Love it.
So now we're having a few cocktails, and I got a 38 Dodge,
and the other guy had a 41 Dodge.
And he said, my car is faster than yours.
I said, you're full of hot air.
I said, that's bullshit, right?
I said, let's go out Highway 17.
Let's go out and see who's the fastest, right?
So now we boogie out Highway 17.
His car is faster.
He passed me, and now he's going into this restaurant, a hot dog place.
I look in the mirror.
Who is there but the cops?
I said, should I keep going?
And then I was with a guy, Emil Levar.
I was with the guy, and all of a sudden I said, should I keep on going?
Because, you know, oh, no, he says, go in.
The cop might just let you go and everything like that.
He didn't let me go.
He charged me for racing and speeding, and then now I got to go to court.
Now, and my mom, she's a nervous wreck because I'm underage,
and they never checked up on me.
I was only 14 then, right?
So I got away with it so i just had
to pay the fine at that time it was 60 bucks so that was fine but i still had my license i like
six months there 60 days they they suspended it yeah and then and then i drove from while i was
driving anyways yeah it didn't matter much huh yeah well how like you just start skating on like
the backyard farm like
the back when everyone had a at a ice rink back in the day yeah i lived on horven street and
timmy horton lived right across the road okay yeah and and uh uh bruce no brian mccall there's
another hockey player campbell Campbell Brian I think it was
he lived right over there and he had their
skating rink and at that time
that Timmy would
he would be the jogger he was the kind
of a guy would be like get into shape
and that and he was in good shape and
and then
we would skate like at that time
they had no salt then
in Sudbury like then you could skate on the road
and then, you know, grab the bus.
We used to grab the bus, say, when the bus
go, and grab by the
back of it.
Bumper hop. The bumper hop.
And then we'd go with that.
Yeah, you could do that then.
But you just get hell for that.
There's no surveillance.
No one could catch you.
So who's the guy, like when you end up, I know I'm jumping a little ahead,
but you get to the NHL, who is a guy that was a veteran when you came in
that you remember really looking up to your rookie year?
Coming into Toronto, Red Kelly.
Wow.
Red Kelly, like he, well, I got traded from, i played for new york and he played for detroit
and that at that time we got traded together and then he wouldn't go to he wouldn't go to new york
so the deal was canceled the deal was canceled so so now the the deal's canceled and then
they talked to red to come into toronto and then i came into toronto but i
always thought the world of reddy like like red never like he never swore he would say son of a
biscuit box you know what i mean like he wouldn't say she ain't going basically yeah i play with a
guy like that he said what the frig Or like, stick it in your crease.
You know what I mean? Like hockey talk.
You know what I mean?
But Leonard Kelly was unbelievable.
He left Detroit for Stanley Cups.
He come to Toronto for Stanley Cups.
You know what I mean?
He played defense.
He played center.
He absolutely was an unbelievable hockey player.
But he didn't, he was such a quiet, nice, you know what I mean, boring.
The opposite of Eddie Shaq.
But we would have been good, you know, at that time,
we would have been good partners as he was the coach
and I would be the assistant coach to get the guys.
Good clap, bad clap.
I would get you going.
You know what I mean?
Like I'd see you've got a good game, you're going out there again.
You're going to go again.
Never mind.
You know what I mean?
Because a lot of the coaches didn't realize what talent people had
when they're warm. know what i mean now they
they go for a minute minute and a half and they're they're off the ice you know and that's not right
like when when the crowd gets you going you can go for two minutes and then you whoa you mean you
you think guys even in today's nhl could take two minute shifts i think they're in better shape
than what we were i think the way they train and the way the dressing rooms are and everything else
why why wouldn't they why couldn't they why why you know what i mean well it's yeah so you and
babcock have pretty much the opposite theory especially with the star players i mean since
we're on the least hot let me Let me tell you about the cock.
Like, we went down there, Johnny and I,
and we went down and we got a picture taken with him.
And Badcock said,
oh, you two guys are my favorites.
I like that.
I like it.
Well, I saw that you weren't drafted.
Like, I mean, at least on HockeyDB,
it doesn't have you listed as being drafted.
I don't know what does drafted mean. Well, not to the wart. I mean, I mean, at least on HockeyDB, it doesn't have you listed as being drafted. I don't know. What does drafted mean?
Well, not to the war.
I mean, when did the draft start?
When did the NHL draft start?
Oh, I don't know.
Yeah.
It was different by region, too, back then,
because the Canadians had a rigged game pretty much. Yeah, I don't know.
We got a C for them, and then they give you 1,500.
And then that's when I was with Guelph-Biltmore's.
And the Guelph-Biltmore's, why I wore a hat,
because the owner of the Biltmore's was Mr.
Oh, I forget his name right now.
But he said, you wear this hat and you can have it.
And, you know, at that time, making 20 a week, 15 for room and board, and 5 to know at that time you're making 20 bucks a week 15 for
room and board and five to spend and then you got to get a job at the hale's meat market or whatever
you know what i mean but that was that was fun like like people hey like you know what i mean
that i enjoyed people i enjoy having fun and and doing different things you know what i mean
and you must have had to work during the offseason back then too, right? Guys always had second jobs, right?
Yeah, we played ball, softball, and that was great, eh?
Playing softball, you could do whatever you want.
Like I wouldn't run to first base.
I'd run to third base.
You guys would be having beers the whole time.
I'd be safe, right?
They said, no, no, you can't.
I said, bullshit, I can do whatever I want.
It's a softball game, right? Yeah, four stanley cups you were a member of four stanley cup winning
teams in toronto correct yeah yeah well i was going to mention that in the intro but you ended
up stealing my intro but i just want to let our listeners know that you know you won four of them
four stanley cups uh nvp scored a winning goal in 63.
Not a big deal.
You know, and then I had the record.
I had a record, number one for a month.
I had a book named, you know what I mean?
And I couldn't read or write anyway.
So, I mean, they could say whatever they wanted in it, right?
Yeah, that's one thing that our listeners probably don't know at this point,
but you can't read or write.
No.
No, I've never written out a check.
You know what I mean?
And I come up with Brian, and Brian says, you want to read a book? I said, you bullshit.
You're going to read it to me?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
No, I wish I would have.
Like, I went to school in Dallas.
I went to school in New York, and I tried to.
I really tried to.
But it was tough for me and then I I see
like announcers and I see them talking and how they're reading and talking it it amazes me that
how they can do that so well you know what I mean and here I am I I gotta sound it out and try it
you know what I mean and then I got it like with the book and now this is
another thing with the book they wanted to george now they wanted to pete and they wanted to
see and then i want to show you the book yeah eddie shack hawkey's most entertainment stories
and that signature now look at that.
You can read that, right?
I was going to say, does it change every time you sign?
No, no, the same thing all the time.
Because I'm just, that's the only one right there.
That's, you know.
You make your signature so people can read it.
Arnold Palmer used to say that.
He said, now people write signatures, you don't even know what it says. And yours, you can tell, Ed Shack, 23.
But I like the hooks on it.
See, I got the one hook, two hooks, three hooks, four hooks, right?
That's pretty neat, though.
I want to make sure that the hooks are.
He's so pumping his own signature.
I love it.
So when you're playing pro, are the guys in your team aware that you were unable to read and write?
And is that something they maybe used to, like, to gear you about?
But I wasn't ashamed that I couldn't read or write.
And when I played for, like, New York, I'm just getting up there,
and Bobby Bond, and Bobby Bond, right, he'd say,
Hey, Shaq, cap, C-A-T.
I said, Oh, you fucking, you know what I mean?
But that's, like, the guys would sort of mock you on that.
But that's the way that, you know what I mean?
Nature of the beast.
But I wasn't ashamed.
Right.
You know what I mean?
Like I say to kids, go to school.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Do what you have to do.
I said, but if you want to do something else, and I got in there, don't behave yourself, be yourself.
That's another thing.
You know what I mean?
Good words to live by.
But you can have a lot of fun in life because life is so, there's so many great people.
Yeah.
You know, like Philadelphia, they had the rough, tough guys, right?
And our guys in Toronto, they'd always have the flu i said how can you have a
flu at a certain but with the philadelphia the philly flu yeah um you played with and against
so many great names back in the 50s 60s and 70s a guy i want to bring up uh bob you're you are his
teammate his first two years in the league did you. Did you know that he was going to come out and change the game essentially?
Yeah, I know.
Bobby, and how he changed the game, he played his opposite wing.
And he could get rid of the puck in a hurry.
And he would start out, and that's when Pat Quinn gave him a little shot there.
But the fans, you know what I mean?
The fans really got a hold of him, you know what I mean.
But Bobby was a great guy from Parry Sound, and absolutely everybody loved him.
He never, you know what I mean, he wasn't smart about how great he was.
He wasn't smart about, you know, a lot of the, he just liked hockey,
and right to this day that we're good friends, and we always, you know a lot of the he just he just liked hockey and and right to this day that we're
good friends and we we always you know we grab each other and you know what i mean but i say is
he far and above the best play you've ever watched with your own eyes you know i played with him, and I played against him, and he is absolutely dynamite.
You know what I mean?
And when you see a guy like that,
and you've got, for Detroit, Gordie Howe.
He was great too, but I knocked him out twice.
It comes back to Ed.
And I knocked out Stan Mikita once, and I knocked out Reggie Fleming.
You know what I mean?
Did you say sorry like you did to Beliveau?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, you see, what happened with Gordy,
With Gordy, the team used to send us on a trip to golf in Vermont.
So there'd be two from Detroit, two from, you know what I mean, two from,
and then I'm there with Gordy, right?
And the NHL is paying for it, right?
And when the NHL pays for something,
you know they're cheap, cheap, cheap.
You know what I mean?
That's it.
You know, like why do birds have wings that beat the Italians to the...
Oh, bro.
But here we are with Gordie Howe.
And all of a sudden now,
we're drinking two berg
and then we go for supper.
We're drinking wine now. We're drinking the wine. And now we're drinking two berg and then we go for supper. We're drinking wine now.
We're drinking the wine.
And now we're drinking, you know, we're eating the steaks and everything else.
And NHL, yahoo, NHL.
And Gordy.
And then Gordy comes along and he sings his song.
Who's the greatest of them all?
Gordy Howe.
So I said, well, piss on him, eh?
I'm going to sing mine.
Mine has been number one for a
month in the hit parade it's got to be better than his right so i sang mine clear the track
here comes shaggy knocks him down give he's that's what i want to talk to you about he said you don't
hit me and i won't hit you let's shake on it So we shook on it and he never hit me. He never
hit me after that. It was a truce.
He was
scared of me.
You fought him twice and knocked him
out twice? Yeah. Wow.
And then with Stan McKee, the same thing. I
knocked him out. I said, what the hell? It's just
a game, right? Yeah.
There's less fighting now in the
game now. do you watch a
lot you watch well yeah i got nothing else to do did every guy back back when you were playing did
every guy on each team getting at least one fight per year or were there some that didn't
no a lot of the guys didn't okay you know what i mean and with salming and that hey i used to say
now here you got to get into a fight fight because everybody thinks you're chicken shit.
You know what I mean?
So now I say, grab a hold of your shoulder there
and grab hold of the other one
where the guy can't throw his fist, right?
And I say, when you get a chance, give it to him, right?
Give it to him and then it'll get your confidence built up.
You don't have to fight all the time,
but just the idea, because when they do fight that they get the shit kicked out of them you
know what i mean and that's when you're with kids that what's fighting now a lot of the kids that
they don't want to fight because they don't know how to protect themselves yeah and the league's
kind of taking measures to decrease the amount of fighting, too. Right, yeah.
I don't know if it's good or bad or in between.
I mean, when there were six teams, you had to fight.
You know what I mean?
You couldn't get away from it.
You know what I mean?
Right, right.
And now it's less, and there's less penalties, too.
Sometimes the whole period goes by and there's no penalties.
What kind of a game is it?
Are we starting to change it?
Now, you played for the LA Kings not long after they just became an expansion team. What was it like playing for them right when they just entered the league?
What, 1970?
Yeah, it was great.
And the coach was, who was the coach there?
So that was, they came into the league.
I didn't realize they came in in 70s.
No, actually, they came in in the 67 expansion.
You joined them three years later.
Hal Laco.
Hal Laco, yeah.
So now, and the owner was Cook.
Yeah, yeah.
Jack Kent Cook, right?
Yeah, Jack Kent Cook.
So he wanted somebody to entertain and stuff like that.
That's what he got me for, you know what I mean?
Then the first game, if I don't score a hat trick, right?
Al Laco, now he's a coach, right?
He wants to make me a back checker.
I said, would you put your brakes on?
I mean, put an egg in your shoe and beat
it i said i'm an entertainer i'm a you know what i mean but a lot of the coaches you know that
they didn't have the common sense they didn't have the pizzazz they didn't have you know what
what we wanted like you know i mean like you're a big guy you can do whatever like you know what i mean when you get your confidence that is so important your confidence in hockey is is great when you
can everything sometimes yeah it's and if a coach takes that away from you that there's bad coaches
like phil watson you know what i mean phil watson was I played for New York. We're losing five games.
We lost five games, so now we're having a meeting,
and we're in Montreal.
Having a meeting in Montreal.
Nothing will be held against you.
Isn't that great, eh?
Goes to Bathgate, it goes to Fontanato, it goes to Dean Prentice.
Oh, maybe we should work a little harder.
Dean Prentice, well, maybe we should eat the right food. Dean Prentice, well, maybe we should eat the right food
because you're so cheap, eh?
At that time, we ate steak, right?
He just wanted to eat eggs
and maybe didn't give him enough energy, right?
So now it comes to me.
So I'm saying, well, you know, like these guys,
we shouldn't skate there, we shouldn't do this, shouldn't do that.
I said, Phil, everything you've said to me has gone in this ear and out the other.
Well, holy jeez.
Everything is canceled.
Nobody says a word.
So out in the hallway, I'm walking, and Frank Pace was the trainer.
He says, you're going down to Springfield.
I said, isn't that lovely, eh?
Isn't that just fine, eh?
You know, I can play hockey.
I can do all these other things.
But if I say something like that, oh, it's not allowed, right?
So now I go down to Springfield, right?
And that's where Don Cherry was there too, right? So I'm down to Springfield, right? And I'm a bit, that's where Don Cherry was there too, right?
So I'm down to Springfield.
Eddie Shore is the owner and, you know what I mean?
So now, I love it.
Scoring hat tricks, the fans are loving me.
Like the money was not, you know what I mean?
You're making 45 or 75.
But I was happy down there. and they phoned me back to come back to New York, right?
I said, I'm not coming back.
You can stick it in your crease.
I said, I'm not coming back to you.
You'd rather play in the minors.
I'd rather play in the minors, I'd rather play in the minors.
And I'd rather play with somebody that is honest.
I said, like, when somebody says something,
I think that means something to somebody.
But when you say it and it doesn't mean a damn thing,
you must be a hell of a coach you are.
You're a nothing coach.
Must have been that bad if you would rather be in Springfield,
Mass than Manhattan.
Yeah, true that.
So now I get traded again.
I get traded to Detroit, eh?
And that's when I get traded for Bill Gatsby and Red Kelly, eh? And then the deal didn't go through.
And then, well, thank God, because then I got sent to Toronto,
and then Red came back and everything.
So everything was just great after that.
No draft.
So how does it work out?
How do you end up signing with New York?
How does that come about?
Okay, when you play junior, you sign a C form,
and then you're with the New York Rangers.
You can't go to anybody else.
So are they partnered up with Guelph in any way,
or is it just very random where if they kind of scout you fast enough,
they can get you to sign this piece of paper
where you can go play junior anywhere, but they're going to own your rights?
No, no.
Say that Andy Bathgate, Dean Prentice, they played in Guelph,
and then they went they
went up to new york okay so that's how it worked there and then you signed the c form for 1500
and then you you got if you made junior b you got 20 bucks a week if you made junior a you got 60
bucks a week you know and here i am i'm 15 or 14 got license, and I'm working for Hale's Meat Market.
And then after I made more money, I was working for the coal truck,
Palmer Coal, right?
So I was working, and I had the license.
I could drive the truck and everything.
So it worked out not bad for a guy that can't read or write.
I want to actually go back to L.A. for a sec.
So your first several years in the league, you're all Nework toronto boston all these cold weather cities now you're in southern california bikini
babes like that must have been unreal i mean was were you happy i know they weren't a great team
but was the lifestyle i was great i like i was like i had a nice house 40 by 20 pool i had uh
I had a nice house, 40 by 20 pool.
I had a dune buggy. I had two kids, a boy and a girl, Kathy and Jimmy,
and then I had a great wife.
I'm 57 years, and she's been fantastic.
She does all the writing.
She handles a lot of the money, and I'm a honey-do-this.
When I played hockey, I never got any lady bings
but now that I'm not out of hockey
I get a lady bing every year
yes dear no dear
and I'm married 57 years
and that's why
did you meet her when you were playing in LA
no no I met her in training camp in Peterborough
she comes from a little town
near Keene
and a little town near Keene.
And a little town in Canada, they don't say hello, hello.
They say giddy, giddy.
And that's hello, hello.
Giddy, giddy.
Say it, say it.
Say giddy, giddy.
Giddy, giddy, giddy, giddy.
You could be a good farmer then.
Who would have guessed, or would you have ever guessed,
1967 Stanley Cup with the Maple Leafs is their last one.
The last cup the Leafs have won.
And what would you say is the overall issue over these past 40, 50 years,
it seems like?
Well, you know.
It's a long time, I know.
To win a cup, you've got to have a togetherness.
You've got to have everybody's got to work in the same.
You've got to respect everyone.
And if somebody gets into trouble, or like the kid that got into trouble with the Leafs, they're 34.
Austin Matthews?
Yeah, he got into a little bit of trouble.
Well, if one of our guys got into that kind of trouble,
he'd be the captain.
He would be the captain on our team.
You know what I mean?
Because he maybe did something that it wasn't,
but not totally, right?
So you protect him, and you work, you know what I mean?
You work with Johnny Bauer.
You know what I mean?
You work with Carl Brewer. You work with Red Kelly. You work with Timmy Horton. You know what I mean, you work with Johnny Bauer, you know, you work with, you know, Carl Brewer,
you work with Red Kelly, you work with Timmy Horton,
you know what I mean?
And all, every, like say, we had so much fun together,
but I think we drank a little more than the kids nowadays.
Yeah, you think?
You know what I mean?
But that was our, like, it wasn't the way to work out and work out.
You know what I mean?
Johnny Bauer is a name you just mentioned.
He was a legendary Toronto netminder.
What was it like being his teammate?
Everybody seemed to love the guy.
Johnny and I were great buddies.
He'd always say, no, no, behave yourself, Shacky.
No, behave yourself.
We used to play cards.
We used to play cards together on the plane and that.
And then he was very close with a dollar.
And then when we played, we'd get 10 for meal money, right?
And he would always buy his son something from that 10.
You know what I mean?
That's nice.
That's the type of guy he was.
He was a perfect gentleman. And you couldn't, you know that's nice that's the type of guy he was he was a perfect gentleman and you
couldn't you know what i mean you like gump worsley like i played against him and i used to
call him pear-shaped and you know what i mean and then i i played my opposite wing and playing your
opposite wing i would go down and put my stick between his legs,
give it a little thing, and then yank it.
Can opener.
Yeah, and then he'd go ass over teakettle.
He'd get mad at me.
But you could see in certain games that I played against him,
he didn't give a shit if I scored.
He just wanted to give me with the stick.
He wanted to get me with the stick.
Okay, so you got the giggles in here.
You must have been a prankster
in the locker room just sitting back
and watching.
Oh, no, no. Messing with the guys? No.
I'm Catholic.
I'm such a, you know what I mean?
So you're like Marc-Andre Fleury.
He's never pulled a prank. You're going to take it to your
grave, aren't you?
Hell yeah. I love that.
Back in the day, now when you won the stanley cup play
players didn't get the cup for a day back then how did you how did you celebrate the cup wins
back then just just went to a bar and drank that's it yeah from month straight or like teams do now
like we never they never stopped all summer had the the cup. They never gave you the cup.
And then when they started giving you a cup,
I mean, the kids pissed in it.
You know what I mean?
They did everything else,
what they could do with a cup.
You know what I mean?
You know of anyone who pissed in the cup?
Yeah.
Red Kelly's kids.
By accident.
I shouldn't have said that. Now I gone now i'm in trouble now that's all right it happens though when you're like this hey so um we talked about the business aspect and all the
stuff you've done off the ice did it was tim horton at the time kind of like that too because
obviously things have taken off for him in the in the in the in the chain industry like would you follow in his footsteps did you pick his brain about that stuff or were you kind
of just doing that stuff on your own basically doing it on my own like with it timmy i had a
donut place and uh it went well but uh in any business you got to get the right person to run
it right i had a bar called the hillbilly shack and that went wild you know what i mean i paid 50 i paid 50 000 for it and the first week we did we
did 60 000 you know we had the we had the pictures we had the in the sweaters we had the and like
ronnie hawkins and the good brothers my buddies, they were there playing and drinking too, you know what I mean, after hours.
And then I had the golf course.
I had a golf course.
It was called the Ed Shacks.
And then what happened, the name, right?
Okay.
They took me. I was getting the gas money for me. And the name, right? Okay.
They took me.
I was getting the gas money for me.
So now my name was Ed Shack,
and that's what I was getting, the gas money for using my name, right?
So they said they're changing their name.
I said, well, take the name down off the golf course, right?
So they took the name down, and then the name was Vaughn Valley.
And when I used to answer the phone, Vomit Valley.
My partner didn't like me very much after that.
A little resentful.
What was one of the biggest business deals you ever made off the ice?
Like what are you most proud of?
The golf course.
We sold that for 15 million wow so i mean holy shit dude you know i mean i'm gonna buy an nhl team now or what
yeah that was good there i mean we bought the property and then and mo norman like with like
i knew played with him and then i played with lee trav Trevino. But the golf course, I used to put five-somes.
I would put six-somes.
No rules.
Not those kind, Biz.
And then at that time, there was no  you weren't allowed to drink beer on the course.
I sold beer on the course.
Oh, yeah.
I got caught, and then I had to go down to Front Street,
and they slapped my hands a bit.
Come on.
It was illegal at the time to serve beer on a golf course?
No, it wasn't.
You couldn't serve beer on the golf course.
Yeah, yeah.
Right.
It was illegal.
Yeah, so then you did it anyways,
which is now the most common thing in golf.
Yeah, yeah.
You would never not allow booze on some courses.
Mo Norman, you knew him?
Oh, yeah. I played with him and everything else. Holy shit. Mo Norman, you knew him? Oh, yeah.
I played with him and everything else.
Holy shit.
So quickly, Biz probably doesn't know.
Do you know who that is, Biz?
I have no idea.
Mo Norman is a guy.
Tiger Woods said there's only two people that have ever owned their golf swing,
Ben Hogan and Mo Norman.
He was a legendary Canadian ball striker who said he never missed the center of the club face once.
He was just like an almost mythical golfer. So the fact that this guy knew him and played with him must have been crazy. striker who said he never missed the center of the club face once he was like just a like a
almost mythical golfer so the fact that this guy knew him and played with him must have been crazy
yeah he was unbelievable he was that's cool did he give you any tips on the golf course or no
yeah he told me to change the nines around because it would play faster he like he played my golf
course when he just wanted to play he just'd just go in there and he'd play.
He'd play by himself.
And a lot of things when we went
together on doing the
golf tournaments, we'd go together and
Mo Norman and Ed Shack.
When you were playing golf, were there wood
shafts?
No.
I'm just
wondering how... I'm trying to get a sense of how old you are
yeah old geezer yeah the old potlicker yeah
i'm i'm uh i'm 82 yeah they look great you look great but that's unbelievable but i'm i i've been
very very lucky i've been so lucky with the golf, you know what I mean,
with guys that I play golf with, Lee Trevino and Mo Norman.
And I had a golf course, and then the guys that sang,
like Ronnie Hawkins and doing all these different things with the crowd you know what i mean the crowd was
right there with lee ravino with with mo norman with you know what i mean and the golfer and the
hockey players like gordy howe you know and then bobby orr and you know like you've met so many
people along their journey so many great people you know what i mean and then you know when i and i say to them that my
education like you know what i mean i i wish i could have you know what i mean if like you you
you just don't understand what it takes to not read you know what i mean like every place you
go you you got one of those things eh like george armstrong he doesn't have one of those things, eh? Like George Armstrong, he doesn't have one of those things, you know what I mean?
Like Dickie Duff, he doesn't have
one of those things, you know what I mean?
Like Bobby Nevin doesn't have one of those things.
You know what I mean?
Those things get you
in more trouble, and that's all you see
now is these phones.
And when you
can't read or write, you don't have to worry.
Yeah, they don't suck your time away.
You don't need one.
You're probably enjoying life more than anyone because you're living in the moment.
Yeah, I'm happy for people.
I'm happy to be with people.
Maybe I'm a little bit shy, but maybe not.
Oh, yeah, you're a shy one.
But I'm not afraid
to come in here and
say hello to you guys. I'm not
afraid that I'm going to say
something that I'm not supposed to.
Like
Don Cherry.
He got himself in a lot of trouble there.
Yeah, we discussed that. And all he's got to say is,
I'm sorry. I'm not perfect. I'm sorry.
That would have been the easy thing to do, yeah.
Just make it easy.
But, you know, the two of them, you know, the way they talk,
and then Don Cherry's the boss, and you can't get a word in any way.
So, like, why not just say you're sorry?
Yeah.
That was one thing that, because I talked to Ron afterward,
and we all know if Ron tries to chime in at all, like, Don's going to bite his head off.
Yeah, yeah, you know that.
So how did you end up feeling about all that, like, in the way he got fired?
And what do you think about even Ron coming out with the apology,
and then I guess Don thought he threw him under the bus?
even ron coming out with the apology and then i guess don thought he threw him under the bus no well ron like let's face it like with don don is the boss and don will give him like this shut
up you know what i mean yeah i mean like there's no way that uh like you know what i mean like how
he presents himself to don you know what i mean you gotta say pass you know what I mean? You gotta say pass. You know what I mean?
He could have done
that and said
sorry. You know what I mean?
Pass on it right away. What the hell?
So like Europeans
or like say he should
everybody should be wearing poppy.
You know what I mean? Everybody.
Why not?
Don't single anyone out yeah i would tell
if you want to put a dollar in you put a dollar but just wear one anyways like cut the the bs you
know what i mean yeah and he's 85 maybe they want to get rid of him maybe that he didn't want to go
in like 85 like he's got a ton of money yeah if he falls off his money, I bet he'd get a Charlie horse.
Yeah.
You must think it's nuts what these players are making now.
Guys are making 12 million a year.
Well, I'm looking.
I made 7,500, and I've parlayed that 7,500 into a hell of a lot.
So I really, you know what I mean?
I don't really give a shit how much they made.
But I know what I did.
I did something that nobody else.
I can maybe buy and sell a lot of the guys.
Because right now in Toronto, I got a nice house that is worth about 4 million.
Get the fuck out of here.
Really?
Fuck it.
You're rolling in it.
And Barry, I've got four places there. Condos. Two condos. You're a hustler. And a couple of here. Really? You're rolling in it. And Barry, I've got four places there, condos,
two condos. You're a hustler.
And a couple of houses.
And you know what? A landlord, any shack?
Yeah, and landlord, yeah.
Oh yeah, the furnace is gone. We've got to put a new
furnace in, right?
Hold on, let me do a deal
with a furnace company. They'll give me one for free.
Yeah, you've got to think of a new theme song.
I'll shave my mustache again.
It's nice that you're not one of these bitter old guys who's pissed off that, you know, they didn't make all the money.
You see guys like from the 70s and 80s that kind of bitter that, you know, they didn't make that dough.
It's nice that you appreciate what you made.
And like you said, you're pollinating.
You capitalized off what you, you know, your opportunity and made a name for yourself.
Because like my dad, I'm Ukrainian.
I'm like a DPp or european or whatever
you want to say but my parents my dad my dad couldn't read or write worked in the ankle
but uh he had to say buy property buy property because because they're not making more of it
yeah he said buy property don't you know what i mean and and you would buy something. You know what I mean? I'd even borrow money from Bathgate to buy another condo in Barrie.
Yeah, smart.
Yeah, right.
But I had a lot of fun, and I'm still having a lot of fun.
You know what I mean?
And it's great to have this book because I'm meeting more people like you.
And you're remembering all the stories and just talking about the game.
Yeah, that's Eddie Shaq, Hockey's Most Entertaining Stories with Ken Reed.
Thank you very much for joining.
Check it out on Amazon.
I'm assuming it's on Amazon.com, correct?
Yeah.
Eddie, it's been an absolute pleasure talking to you.
Now, we want to put it on another, like, we want to put it in Toronto
where you can buy it in Toronto.
Okay.
Okay, yeah.
Okay.
That's the goal.
Let's have your pal come in and tell Ryan.
You know, I'm not too good in this department.
We'll have him fill us in.
He keeps plugging a meat market that he puts a book in that he gets free meat at.
There we go.
There's some sort of scam. Frameworth.com, and it's in that he puts a book in that he gets free meat at. There we go.
Frameworth.com and it's in Indigo stores
this week. Awesome. Well, Eddie
Shaq, thank you so much. And now I got to remember
Indigo. Indigo.
And I remember that. People listening
will remember and I will always remember this
interview. So thank you so much.
And lastly, I think you shattered the
You Know record.
What do you mean? What was the one you kept saying? And lastly, I think you shattered the you know record. No, no, no.
What do you mean?
Yeah, what was the one you kept saying?
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
You were awesome.
There's going to be a count out there, and it's going to be glorious.
I think we're at 1,000 in this episode, so we'll have the shirts printed.
Yeah.
In honor to talk to you, my parents always talked about you.
You're a little before my time, but they always enjoyed replaying,
and it's been a joy talking to you. So thanks for coming on. Well, thank you. And then thank both about you. You're a little before my time, but they always enjoyed you playing, and it's been a joy talking
to you, so thanks for coming on.
And then thank both of you.
And you got a nose for
value. But I wish I was
playing on a team
with you, because we could have a lot
of fun, and we'd kick the shit out of
anybody that'd come around. I'll tell you right
now.
And big thanks once again to Eddie Shaq.
We really appreciate him coming in.
He's, like I said, 82 years old.
It's tough to travel at that age.
So we appreciate him coming in.
Quite the character, some hilarious stories.
And he's one of the guys who paved the way, man.
He's one of these guys who was building the league
when they were making peanuts.
He said he made 7,500.
Well, guys like him selling the game and making people fall in love with the game
is the reason that I got to make league minimum, which, boys, it's not fucking bad.
And, Whit, I know how much you fucking made.
So thank you to those guys for paving the way.
I know it's maybe a little slower pace than what you're used to,
and it's not Tim Stapleton fucking Dallin Roshan stories.
But thank you to him for coming on, and we love him.
Yeah, like you said, it was a good time.
And he wasn't bitter, too bitter.
Some of these old guys, they're bitter they didn't make the money,
but there was nothing bitter about Eddie Shaq for sure.
Let's switch over to the sick league, the Toronto Raptors.
They traded three players away at the deadline before when they acquired, what's his name to the sick league. The Toronto Raptors, they traded three players away at the deadline
before when they acquired, what's his name, Marc Gasol,
DeLon Wright, CJ Miles, and Jonas Valanciunas.
I'm not sure how to pronounce the guy's name.
Either way, these guys get traded before Toronto won the title,
and the Raptors decided they weren't going to give them rings.
And this caused kind of a bit of a kerfuffle up in Toronto,
but actually one of the players, too, complained.
Actually, he didn't complain.
He didn't say anything to me.
Jonas Valanciunas.
I'm sorry.
I don't follow the NBA that much.
I don't know how to pronounce his name.
But basically, they asked him, and he seemed pretty pissed off that he wasn't getting a ring.
Like, he was kind of like, no comment.
Whit, I know you had some stuff to say about this.
Well, yeah.
I mean, I was on a team.
They got traded.
They got Chris Kuna, best trade of all time, and won 19 cups.
Here's the issue.
Every time somebody comes up to me, and I think it does happen maybe in baseball,
it doesn't really matter.
There's been leagues where guys who have been on a team for part of a season
and have been traded have gotten rings when the team's gone on to win a title.
So anyone who's ever come up to me and said, oh, do you have a ring?
I'm like, no, but I wouldn't even want one.
You didn't do anything, bro.
What do you want a ring for?
You got dealt, and then they won 16 games in the spring.
You weren't even there.
You weren't even in the locker room.
Why would I ever want a ring for when the Penguins won the cup?
I didn't do shit.
Oh, I got two assists on a game against the Devils November 5th.
Probably should have had five assists that night.
The night I was dishing it, I'm just making up a date,
but I'm sure there was a game that happened early in the year
before I got traded.
No, actually, I got traded after I was injured.
I came back.
I was horse shit coming back from ankle surgery.
I got traded.
Long story long, they won the cup.
Why would I ever want to ring celebrating something that I didn't do?
So, buddy, beat it.
Unless he just wanted to sell it and make a couple hundred thousand
or 50,000, whatever their rings would cost.
People are trying to make the argument he was in the organization forever
and blah, blah, blah.
Man, if you think that somebody who gets traded the deadline
to acquire a player that's going to help you win a championship
and go through that process
by winning 16 games in playoffs like they won because they gassed you you need a fucking brain
transplant man no seriously it's you're crazy he wasn't there during playoffs he's not on the team
anymore i i was on the i played 15 games just like you and was still in the organization. I think I was up for 26 games that year.
Do I think I played a big enough hand in the organization
to fucking deserve a ring?
No.
I'll take a playoff share.
I would definitely take a playoff share.
I wasn't even a black ace.
I want to say Chris Menard was a black ace that year,
and I don't think he got a ring.
Like, it's just like, no.
No, no chance.
Well, maybe he did.
Because I had tweeted the story, and I asked Coley Mick,
who does the Mixtape podcast at Barstool.
I was like, is this common for, like, NBA players to get rings in this situation?
Yeah, people were saying the same thing.
Because, oh, well, they would have had home court without him.
But it was interesting.
Someone actually told me the Caps players, back when they won the Cup,
a bunch of the players actually pitched in, and they
got Taylor Chorney a ring after they won.
But he was claimed on waivers back in
February of that year from Columbus.
But he was so beloved, I guess.
He was only there for like 97 games,
but I guess a bunch of the teammates
chipped in and bought him a ring.
Okay, so I'm buddies with Chorney.
Okay.
Great, great guy.
We played together in Edmonton.
Smooth-ass skater.
So that's different because Chorins would never fucking complain or expect.
That's what I'm saying.
His teammates getting him one.
Well, no, I'm just clarifying because it made it sound like I'm saying
why would he even want one.
In a sense, having your teammates come back, dude, you were part of that.
That's great. But these guys who are mad at the organization like take a hike buddy yes
completely different situation if they felt that that player was deserving and they chipped in in
order to get it for him right that means that guy was was deserving for whatever reason now yeah i
just i think the other way is just silly i think you just he looked like a poopy
pants up there he was like he's like no i don't i don't think anything about it it's just like
buddy just be like no i wasn't there i don't deserve a ring i didn't win anything yeah i
don't know maybe it's the fucking everybody wins culture that that's fucking bleeding into the
internet but i don't know lance yeah banana lens i mean hey biz maybe these guys aren't happy
because they're not comfortable and lord knows that finding a dress shirt that fits is hard to do.
Sometimes the collars are too tight, the sleeves are too long. Something's always not right.
Ordering a custom fit shirt has never been easier thanks to Proper Cloth. At propercloth.com,
you can easily create a custom shirt size in seconds by answering 10 easy questions.
Not only does Proper Cloth make it easy to create your custom size,
they make it really simple to completely customize your shirt
to get the style that you want.
You want a bigger pocket or a bigger left cuff for your watch?
Customize over 30 different style points to get the exact style you want
or select from hundreds of pre-designed shirts.
Each team at Proper Cloth works with the best fabric producers
from around the world, and they only buy fabrics
that meet their high-quality expectations.
Each one of their shirts goes through extensive quality control testing,
so you're getting absolutely top-shelf quality and craftsmanship.
All their styles come with a perfect fit guarantee,
so if it doesn't fit, you can get it remade completely free.
And your shirt is delivered in under two weeks,
and they even ship to Canada.
Proper Cloth has been featured in many top publications,
such as the New York Times,
Wall Street Journal, Esquire, GQ, and Fast Company. GQ even calls them their new favorite online
custom shirt maker. Proper Cloth shirts are completely custom made for you and start at
just 80 so you're guaranteed to find the style you love with quality that doesn't break the bank.
Stop wearing shirts that don't fit. Start looking your best with a custom-fitted shirt. Go to propercloth.com slash chicklets today.
Enter the gift code chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, to save 20 off your first shirt.
See why Proper Cloth is the best custom shirt maker.
Go to propercloth.com slash chicklets.
Easy for me to say.
I got one correction from last episode. I did say Mario
Lemieux statue had been around for a while. It was actually unveiled back in 2012 with the new bond.
My memory playing tricks on me again. Gee, you got some, some big news to drop, eh?
Yeah, well, we can't say everything right now, but let's say this. We are, so we are launching
a pawn hockey tournament with Barstool Sports.
We're going to do two events.
The events will be one in Canada, one in America.
The event should be sometime in February.
That's all we can really say right now.
They will be open to the public.
You will be able to submit the chance for your team to enter.
There will be Barstool teams playing.
We can't get too in detail, but we are starting a Pond Hockey tournament. It will be
in February. There will be an event
in Canada, and there will be an event
in America. You just repeated yourself again.
I do that all the time.
Can you guarantee, though, that without
giving away too much info, that you'll be able to
skate to a bar? You won't have to take
your wheels off in between games?
Without giving away too much info, yes. You will be able to guarantee that. You want to take your wheels off in between games without giving away too much
info? Yes. Yes. You will be
able to guarantee that you just get to wheel
on the ice into the bar, I guess.
Yeah, it's like it's like at
the pool at the mystery Alaska. You
could swim up to the bar. Love.
Yeah, exactly. And lose 10 grand and
playing blackjack at
the Hard Rock and then have to get wired
money.
Yeah, always a fun time. He's like, one in Canada, one in America.
Fuck yeah.
All right, well, hey, the boys at Spit and Chicklets
have a new home for sports betting this year,
and you need to check out the BetMGM Sports app in New Jersey.
The same guys that bring you the world's most spectacular casino resorts
and top-notch entertainment have a new sports betting app in New Jersey.
You can download the app, deposit, and check out lines from anywhere in the world, but you need
to be in New Jersey to place all of your bets. This week, we've got an absolute gong show of a
deal for new customers on the BetMGM Sports app when you use the bonus code CHICKLETS. This week,
we have a special Chicklets Palais for the weekend games. This is the specially made thing they've
done for us. Here's how the Chiclets poly works. Each of
us has selected one game over the weekend
and we're combining it into one special poly.
We've got to bet 1
you win 100. That's the offer
for the poly. You'll win as long as we hit one leg
of the poly. That's it. Okay, I like
the Panthers. Biz like the Jets.
Whit likes the Bruins and
Grinnelly likes Tampa Bay. Those are all Saturday
games. You just need to make sure you follow these simple instructions.
Sign up for a new BetMGM account and use the bonus code CHICKLETS.
Make sure to place your first bet on the Chicklets Palais.
It will be in the lobby under Barstool Specials.
Regardless of the outcome of the bet, you'll win 100
as long as we hit one leg of the Palais.
Simple.
Sounds like an easy 100 to me.
Unfortunately, I didn't make an easy 100 on Monday's games.
Struggled a little bit.
People fall in the corner.
We had a rough night.
Fortunately, the Isles salvaged a little bit of the night with a nice comeback.
But either way, we're jumping right back into it.
Tonight in L.A., the Oilers are in town looking to keep on rolling,
and I think they do.
So I'm jumping on Edmonton on the puck line.
I have no idea what the money line is.
I don't really want to tell people about them in case they're like 180. I don't like to steer people into heavy plays like that. So Edmonton on the puck line. I have no idea what the money line is. I don't really want to tell people about them in case they're like 180.
I don't like to steer people into heavy plays like that.
So Edmonton on the puck line tonight.
Also tonight, Tampa Bay is in Chicago.
And this potential play is totally going to hinge on the goalies, okay?
So if it's Vasilevsky versus Crawford, we're going to be on the Tampa Bay money line
and Tampa Bay puck line for half of the money line play.
So again, Edmonton in L.A., we like them on the puck line Thursday tonight. And also Tampa Bay Puck line for half of the Moneyline play. So again, Edmonton in LA,
we like them on the Puck line Thursday, tonight. And also Tampa Bay is in Chicago. We're going to
take, again, if Vasilevsky goes against Crawford, we like Tampa Moneyline. We're going to throw half
of that wager on the Puck line as well. And remember, once again, BetMGM is the home for
Chicklets all season long. If you're a new customer, place your first bet of 1 or more on
the Chicklets Poly and you want a hundred bucks as long as just one, just one leg of that poly hits.
Easy money.
Winnings are paid in free bets.
Must be 21 or older.
Must be in New Jersey to place bets.
Restrictions apply.
Visit betmgm.com for the full list of terms and conditions.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
That a boy, all right.
Oh, dude.
Hey, listen.
I want to save this story.
I'm actually haven't finished the blog yet because I I just got the last of the information, dude.
They have an Oregon state lottery, you know, gambling's legal.
This board's gambling.
So they, it's like a lottery machine.
You just go in and you pick your teams.
Dude, this kid, he sent me the information.
This is all true.
I'm going to have the blog up tomorrow.
It's the Oregon state lottery, dude.
This guy's mother hit a 10 team poly with fucking puck lines, money lines.
She knows nothing about hockey.
She played it for a dollar.
It was plus 89.57.
She got back fucking that nine grand on a fucking dollar bet.
Fucking 10 teams.
She knows absolutely nothing about hockey.
Hit a 10-team poly.
Here's the crazier part.
She also hit a 5 poly with four teams on that same night, plus 22.77.
This is the wildest part. The four teams
she had on that Polly, the Devils
on the money line, the Senators on the
money line, Columbus money line
playing St. Louis, and Montreal's money
line playing in Washington. She
randomly picked those four teams on a 5
bet and fucking popped them both in the
same night. I mean, it just
goes to show, like, sometimes it's better not to
know anything, but to pick 10, I mean, and dude, the odds, I thought... Can you give me a ring, Gertrude, or whatever your God. I mean, it just goes to show, like, sometimes it's better to not know anything, but to pick 10.
I mean, and, dude, the odds. Can you give me a ring,
Gertrude, or whatever your name is? No, it's
Angie, actually. Shout out to Angie out in Oregon.
Angie! Wait, you say
she's a grandmother? No, I didn't say that.
I didn't imagine that. No, I didn't imagine that. That's why I said Gertrude.
Angie, yeah, what up?
So, yeah, a 10-team poly. That's
fucking unbelievable. So, all right,
boys, we got to... Should we have her call in for a gambling corner segment?
Possibly.
She just goes random and see if she can do it again?
Dude, that's wild, though.
Would Angie come on, you think?
Possibly.
I mean, I've been communicating with her son for a little bit.
We'll see.
I mean, it would be pretty wild if I can pull these out of her wherever.
Who knows?
I don't want to say anything inappropriate.
But, yeah, dude, I mean, I would have thought, honestly,
for hitting the 10-team poly, I would have thought the odds would have been higher
because that's such a tough thing to do.
But that's what happens when the state becomes the bookie.
They give you shitty odds.
You know, I mean, fucking the dollar.
She had 90 back.
So you pick 10 teams.
She should have got more than 90 to 1.
Whoa.
Oh, shit.
She only won 90? But it was a 1 bet. So it was like 90 to one whoa oh shit she only won 90 dollars but it was a one dollar bet so it was like
90 to one but if you go if you when you originally said it i think nine grand
no it was plus nine thousand but it's only a dollar bet like you know i'm saying if no i know
all right time out time out time out i can take it over. Originally, you said 89 something.
So that was the confusion, I think, right?
Right.
See, that's plus 89.
She won 8.90?
Well, no, she won 90 on a dollar bet.
If it was a 100 bet, she would have won 9,000.
It is confusing if you don't gamble because it's like basically plus 9,000 based on a 100 bet.
But you only put a dollar bet.
I must be hearing shit.
I thought you said like 89.
I did. Well, 89.57. In other shit. I thought you said like 89. I did.
Well, 89.57.
In other words...
Oh, that's what threw us off.
Right.
But people...
Is that what you're thinking?
Well, you don't gamble biz,
so I think that might be why the confusion is.
If I knew that the whole thing,
she won 90, dude,
I would have been asleep 10 minutes ago.
No, that's...
That's what I was saying.
I love...
90. 90 what I was saying.
90 bucks.
I was like, oh, fucking nine grand.
I'm like, it's the point of... Whit was ready to leave his wife.
It's not so much the money.
It's the point of going 10-0 on a hot trolley
when you don't know anything about the sport.
But either way, it should have been a higher payout.
90 bucks.
90 beans.
Do you remember, though, where you lived in Wilkes-Barre?
Hey, tank of gas. Biz, do you remember where you lived in wilkes-barre yeah what was it called mayflower crossings all right so maybe i
am an idiot but a guy came up last night who was from the wilkes-barre area good dude he said he
used to go to the games when i was on the wilkes-barre penguins he's like where'd you live
in wilkes-barre i'm like no clue he's like you don, where'd you live in Wilkes-Barre? I'm like, no clue.
He's like, you don't know where you lived?
I was like, no, I have no idea.
You're disrespecting his city?
No, I just don't remember the name.
And so I was like, oh, Merle's on the whole because we lived together when I woke him up.
And I text Merle's, I said, Merle's,
where we live in Wilkes-Barre?
He goes, I don't know.
They were blue buildings.
So the kid's like, neither one of you guys know?
I didn't think you would either.
I guess just...
Buddy, you lived there for what, two years?
Yeah, kind of, year and a half.
Yeah, I remember because, yeah, I was there for about two years.
But if somebody didn't remember, I wouldn't give them a hard time.
All right, guys.
Are we done?
Thank you once again to everyone who came out, Philly andoston oh i thought we were done that we cut yeah we are
i'm wrapping this fucking thing up dude okay i'm wrapping it up this is how you finish sentences
guys i'm gonna wrap up this episode thank you so much for for coming out and meeting us because
every single time we meet you guys we're still shocked at how uh i i sound like a complete
douchebag but how popular the show has become And talking to all the people I did last night,
it just makes time go by a little bit quicker.
Two hours in the office flies by.
I think that's a huge compliment.
Along with meeting two people last night,
it was four or five people in Philly
that said they'd never watched hockey,
listened to us because they were Barstool fans,
checked us out, now they watch hockey.
That is awesome.
That's truly like the ultimate compliment.
Yeah, like getting people who didn't because getting hockey more popular,
that's what we all want, baby.
We all love this game.
So I appreciate everyone.
Thank you so much, and we'll see you on next week.
And we still have a few things that we're going to talk about next week
that get our next episode that's getting bumped back.
Kel McCarr, who's been on fire lately.
We didn't talk about McDavid in his six-point game.
Washington's been fucking playing unbelievable.
And Dallas.
So there's some shit we got to cover.
We will get to it.
It's just this one ran long.
So just bet against all those things he just said over the weekend.
Yes.
Everybody, have a great weekend.
We'll catch you Monday.
So much for me wrapping it up see ya fuck you as always we'd like to thank our wonderful
sponsors out there and i hope our listeners are taking advantage of these great deals
if you want to check out seat geek the seat geek promo code you want to download that and the promo
code is hockey h-o-c-k-e-y for ten dollars off. And for Roman Swipes, you want to go to getroman.com
slash chicklets for the first month for just 5.
And check out Proper Cloth.
You want to go to propercloth.com slash chicklets for 20 off that first shirt.
So everybody, please support our sponsors and have a great day.
Clear the track, here comes Jack.
He'll knock you down and he'll give you a whack.
He can't score goals, he's got the neck.
Eddie and his shack.
I call him the great entertainer.
Ah, but Eddie's no clown.
He couldn't be made any plainer.
Grade two of Eddie in town.
So clear the track.
Here comes Shaq.
I'll knock you down and I'll give you a whack.
You can't score goals, he's got the knack.
Eddie and his shack.
